“No, no, it’s mine now. And while you’re here,” Dean adds, leaning over the bar like he’s telling a secret, “I wanted to let you know that me and Cas here are in a serious, romantic relationship. So if you’ve got any kind of problem with that, best to go ahead and let me know now.”
“Yes, Dean.” Cas leans down to kiss him and then makes a dismayed sound when Dean’s cock falls out of him. His voice grows desperate. “Dean. Dean—“
Liked to fuck? It couldn’t be that easy, could it? Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s waist under the coat, pulling them even closer together. He’s alive. That’s the most important thing.
Sam makes more phone calls. Eileen is alive, and waiting for them in the bunker. Claire is alive. Jody is with her. Everyone who was alive before Chuck’s interference is alive.
Hell. Cas wasn’t half bad at this. Dean rubs on him again, getting hard now. “Been thinking about you all day,” he confesses.
Cas has been ready for years. He nods and smiles, following Dean out of the library and into the war room. There they pass Sam, and Dean greets him with a “Headed out for a bit.”
Crowley swirls his glass. “It’s just that until a minute ago you were oh-so-friendly. It’s almost as if there’s some reason you suddenly don’t wish to service me? Something I said?”
Dean occupies himself with Cas’s shoulder, sucking little bruises into it, thinking of Cas doing the same to his thighs, how Cas had asked, had warned him for every single one, sweet and sexy all at once. Dean sucks and kisses and hums Daisy Bell again, and by the time he’s through the song, Cas is turning to kiss him. Dean’s hands wander up, up Cas’s neck and then into his hair, holding him close.
Dean pauses for a moment, looking at Castiel all wrapped up in the blanket and barefoot. He looks like philosopher, or a saint—no—like an angel. Dean’s angel. Sex-tousled and flushed and gloriously present. His momma had believed in angels. Dean brushes a tiny lock of hair off Cas’s forehead. He’d preferred it longer. “Jewish folks believe in angels?” he asks. It comes out a whisper, though he doesn’t mean it to be.
Dean tries to verbalize that’s he’s okay, but he doesn’t seem to be able to speak. He just keeps breathing, gripping onto Cas awkwardly from above. Cas’s hands are on his back, holding him still. He can feel Cas’s breath against his chest.
Dean flashes the concierge a wide smile and pays for his room in advance. He’s in a good mood, after spending most of his day with Sam and Jessica. He heads upstairs and dumps his pack. There is in fact a tub, and what seem to be down pillows on a (Dean tests it)
“Yeah, you know, party? Gonna teach you what ‘fun’ is, you big bookworm. Don’t they got parties in Boston?”
Cas frowns, but follows instructions, heart hammering, too tired to really even think about what’s going on. He
Days turn into a week, becoming routine. Cas is soon keeping the most normal sleeping schedule he’s ever had. Usually Dean holds him, but sometimes Dean rolls over and Cas follows, getting to be the one to hold, instead. They start to learn how to be comfortable around each other.
Cas does not wait up in the library all night. He’s exhausted. Some small part of him hopes a little sleep will get him back to fighting fit. The rest of him knows it won’t.
“Don’t mention it.” Dean makes himself look away from his best friend as he strips down to his boxers and heads into the bathroom. He sighs heavily. There’s no desk in the room, so he sits on top of his bedspread, lost for what to do.
They had kissed, in the Empty. They had been kissing, less than ten minutes ago. Dean had said he loved him. It was real, wasn’t it? It meant something. Jack had been there. Jack had seen it, so Dean couldn’t deny it, could he? He couldn’t suddenly ignore everything he’d said just a moment ago, could he?
“I’m not mad at you.” Cas’s voice is soft, kind. But he still won’t look turn and look Dean in the eye.
spends horny out of his mind. He’s been waiting for Cas, just like Cas asked, though it’s been harder this time around. It’s easier than ever for him to think of Cas, to remember Cas’s reaction to his chastity and get horny as hell, and on top of that, business has been busier. There were more people fucking him, more of Dean grasping at sheets in desperation, pinching himself, biting his own hand to try and keep from touching himself. Most of his clients liked it, though some of them seemed near as frustrated as he was. Dean explained to them that it was a game he was playing with himself. Not all of them respected that, but Dean was able to swat them away before anything happened. He kept himself for Cas.
There’s a loud banging sound from the piano and Dean looks over; Balthazar has taken over, and the brothers are both snipping at each other now, fighting over the keys.
Cas had wondered at the time, and therein lay his ruination. Because, if Crowley was jealous, then… maybe there was something to be jealous
“He also came from money. And he hated his parents. I thought he liked me, but what he really liked was attention. He used me. We slept together for three weeks before he got bored with me and… told everyone, and, well.”
“What did you like about it? Talk to me, Dean.” Cas keeps rubbing him, thumbing his tip as he does, slicking Dean down with it, and shit, if he starts talking any dirtier, Dean’s just gonna come.
Shouldn’t it feel crass, doing these things? It doesn’t. It feels heavenly. It feels amazing. He doesn’t even feel embarrassed. If anything, he feels proud, proud and beautiful and—
And then Dean is pushing at Cas’s jackets. “Take this off,” he mutters, breath hot against Cas’s cheek.
Dean kisses his neck. “Gonna treat you right, baby. Gonna make you feel good. Gonna do whatever it is you’re thinking in that dirty mind of yours.”
“Don’t you look like a tomcat that just ate a whole turkey,” Dean observes jealously as Cas leans back in the tub, eyes closed to the world and a relaxed expression on his face.
“So practice. Shut your mouth around my cock. Make me feel good, and maybe I’ll forgive you,” Cas whispers. “Okay, whore?”
“Shoot.” Dean falls over backwards onto the mattress. He’s utterly fucked. He’s Donna Hanscum and then some.
Cas covers his mouth at this, and Dean falls silent. Cas replaces his hand with his lips, and Dean accepts them happily, letting Cas kiss him as gentle and sweet as he likes before pulling away. “Don’t undervalue yourself,” says Cas.
The sheriff drops his paper to his knee and gives Dean a look like he knows he’s being stupid on purpose. “Was your friend with you?”
A smile spreads across Dean’s face before he knows he’s doing it. He knows a compliment when he hears one. “Attaboy,” he says, slapping Bal on the shoulder.
“Little trip. Your letters to Mother made the West sound so interesting, I just had to see it for myself.”
“He— Dean looks back at Cas, who’s sitting up now, staring. Poor idiot had spent too much on him already. Probably had no idea how much money was worth. Dean gestures at Cas to lie back down, grabs his ring of keys and slides through the door. “Benny’s got the door covered.”
Dean GRABS Sam’s left hand in his. They stand, LINKED together. He turns the knife in his hand, finds his grip. He takes a breath.
“Two dollars,” Dean tells him. He’s not supposed to talk money or manage the transactions—or go behind the tiger— but it’s early enough in the night he knows there’s no one up there yet. “If you promise to be good.”
thrown out so casually in the middle of a conversation about something completely different from him. “I’ll write you a letter,” Cas offers. “I can’t send it until I reach Santa Fe, though.”
Dean finds a sprig of grass to chew and sits on the steps. The preacher had oh-so-kindly left the door open, not for Dean but for the boiling July air to flow through, so Dean can hear them talking inside, just barely. Shit about how John had served as a soldier, had raised six kids on his own, had done his best, had done everything he could, even though life got hard. Dean wonders if it’s true.
Cas leaves. He seeks out the angels both as a last-ditch effort to save the world and as a way to prove himself, to earn Dean’s love. It backfires horribly, just like everything else Cas has ever attempted, when, after months of cutting off communication with Dean, of being too overwhelmed by feelings of inadequacy to call, the angels send him right back into Dean’s presence.
Chuck frowns. He’s genuinely confused. He just needed a buddy to talk at. Chuck telepathically swings Sam around, forcing eye contact.
We start on Jack, who is near his group of fellow wanderers but not among them. He is sitting and watching intently, much as he has the last thirty years, feeling the Empty ebb and flow. He is waiting for the universe to break free again. Lights flash in the distance. There are stars close in the sky. Behind him, a fair distance away, we see Dean and Cas, standing stiffly, facing each other.
“I wanted to do what you wanted. And we did. You were so amazing, Dean.” Normally Dean likes sweet talk; he loves when clients talk him up, but Cas is so damn sincere it feels wrong.
“Why would I bother to lie, Cassie, when to make it true only costs two dollars? After all, a whore is a whore is a—“
“No, I mean, you had told me about these, but I never actually got to see one. It’s really good. Whose cock did you use? Do you have his information?”
“No, Dean. You run off to become a whore, you don’t get to chat with your brother about how tall he is.”
“Well, I moved back home; worked the ranch for a while, helped with some round-ups nearby. Then I smartened up. Figured out I could make more money in the rodeo, so I did that, all kinds, but broncs, mostly, for a few years. Now, I guess I’m on sabbatical.”
I don’t know how to say this, Cas. I wish it was easier. I wish we— I wish we were alive. I wish I grew up different. On a beach in Miami.
He doesn’t snoop. He turns off the light and slides into Dean’s bed, on ‘his’ side this time. He rolls onto his side and pretends Dean is there with him again.
Dean pulls him back into another kiss, and Cas scoots closer, pulls Dean closer, opens his mouth wide, willing, wanting, touching—
“Things like this. Sex, mostly. Sometimes—“ but Dean abruptly realizes he can’t say that, not out loud.
It doesn’t take long. All his pent-up feelings finally burst out and into his body, both stronger and easier than he’s used to, like he’s been ready to come this whole time and Cas had been holding him back til he was done with him.
But Dean isn’t in the mood for humor. “He loved Charlie, you know. Red hair and all. Don’t know if he didn’t know or didn’t care. He loved that girl more than anything, til little Jo came along.”
“I do love you, you know,” says Dean again, soaping up the rest of him. “Wasn’t saying it to manipulate you.”
Cas squints at Sam in the mirror. “Is there a correct order to this?” he asks irritably. He can’t help feeling like he’s doing it wrong. He’d had the same exact feeling the entire time he was human.
Dean glances at Cas again, but he’s playing something fast-paced now on his own while Balthazar watches and comments.
“—The hell are you trying to pull?” Dean demands, rushing to kneel next to his daddy’s side. Cas must’ve hit him in the head. The man was unconscious, but alive.
“Do you want to?” Cas is tilting his head at Dean, like he’s really trying to figure Dean’s opinion on bathing.
Cas’s response is drowned out by a sudden downpour of rain and the resulting muffled cry of suffering from Balthazar’s bedroll. Cas makes an upset sound, too, but Dean figures they’re both dumb as shit. He rolls off of Cas onto his back and lets the rain hit his face and soak through his clothes. It’s the first time he hasn’t felt hot in a week. Cas gets up and shuffles over to the horses and the tarp, fussing with them in the near pitch black. Checking on his papers, Dean figures as he waits. Balthazar tries to steal the tarp, Dean guesses—he can only hear muffled arguing sounds through the rain—but Cas must fend him off because eventually he squeezes back in next to Dean on the tiny, increasingly soggy bedroll.
“You goaded him into beating you worse, into kicking you out. Which was stupid as hell. But, Dean, it could’ve been a good thing for you. Once you were out, you could’ve got a job at Bobby’s. You may could have gotten a job anywhere, but you decided to go work in that whorehouse.”
“Oh, I love Buffalo Bill,” Dean says, twisting in his seat. “Have you read the one where the medicine man—“
“Good. I ain’t in no mood to commit bloody murder. Have a seat.” Dean gives her the lantern and goes back behind the bar. He pumps them each a glass of water. It’s hard to look away from her. Somehow he gets the glasses full. He goes back to the table and hands her her water. “Now why don’t you tell me what’s going on.”
This goes on for another paragraph, not really saying anything new except to complain more about Krissy and Adam before it finishes with,
They get to talking. The kid’s real smart. Enthusiastic and well-spoken, too, in a familiar sort of way. The answer to who he reminds Dean of comes a minute later: a tobacco grit voice that slams him in the heart before he understands what he’s hearing.
“You think you’re real smart, don’t you? You think this is a joke? Get your sissy ass down here and I’ll—“
Dean flips Cas, then flips him again. He gets him face down against the rug, straddles him, and presses an elbow into his upper back, curling Cas’s right arm up behind him in a tight hold. “Quit. That.”
Cas kisses the hair on the back of his head and Dean turns back to make eye contact. Cas’s face is clean-shaven, angelic. Dean misses the stubble. He reaches out and brushes Cas’s cheek. Cas was the looker, more so than Dean. He had the blue eyes, and the cheek bones, and… hell. Why was talking so hard?
Cas is next. He looks at Dean and raises an eyebrow. Dean had hardly been thinking about his cards, playing them straight rather than playing mind games—Tagg couldn’t play for shit—but now, looking at the face Cas is making, he thinks he knows the game. He winks.
Cas groans and sucks a bruise into his inner thigh, nipping at it when he’s done. He does another, and another, working his way up, pausing between each one to look at him, to plan out his next brushstroke on Dean’s body.
There’s a wailing surrounding them, beating at his ear drums. It’s ripping him apart. He’s dripping with Empty, suffocating in it. Half his body is numb and the other half is ripping out of him. He can feel sleep coming. He’s so tired.
“Who poked a spur up your ass?” Dean asks as he tries on another bolo tie; they’d found the hat and the boots; now he was accessorizing.
They all head to a pretty stuccoed inn called Casa Bonita, a name Dean remembers from the address he’d sent one of Cas’s letters to, and go to board their horses out back. Dean gives a little kiss to Baby and a dollar and a mean look to the stableboy, just to be safe. He starts going over how to correctly brush her down until Cas leads him out of there with a hand on the small of his back. Dean slows down on purpose as they walk back around to the front of the building, making sure the others are far ahead.
strikes a chord, though. Despite all of Crowley’s talk he’d never actually said anything specific about Dean, only given vague implications.
Dean smiles, as if there’s nothing to stress about at all. “We gotta tell Sammy eventually, right? Might as well do it now.”
“Sure, Cas. We can stay here if you want,” says Dean, and Cas meets his eyes. “Or, I could get us a motel room. Wash off all that baby barf.”
“You bring it out in me.” There’s a pause, in which Dean fondles Cas’s hand and stares out at the horizon, such as it is, at night, from down near the earth. Just a fuzzy line where stars turn to dirt. Then Cas speaks. “You know, I wouldn’t blame you, if you changed your mind. We’re only a day out. You could head back in the morning. Go home.”
Cas falls quiet and they rock there in silence, Cas’s arms thick and warm. Eventually Dean turns around so he can kiss Cas, sucking on his lips and licking gently between them. Cas presses him against the stable door, jostling it and making Baby whinny. Dean breaks away to comfort her.
“Keep still,” Castiel orders, and Dean does so with a “Yes, Castiel,” finding it, if anything, more difficult to keep still than before he’d been tied up. It’s wonderful.
Cas pushes him, and they rearrange, facing the correct way now, Dean on his back on the bed like he’s about to sleep and Cas on top, kissing his neck and chest. Dean slides his hands under and up Cas’s shirt, exploring the expanse of his back.
“To show my devotion to God. It’s not like I do anything else,” says Cas, a furrow in his brow now as he starts stabbing his hotcakes. “I don’t go to temple, I don’t keep the sabbath, I shave my beard—”
“Scoot over,” says a voice behind Dean, and he jumps to find Cas there. Balthazar scoots, and Cas sits to his left, playing a few chords, and then they play a song together, occasionally complaining at each other for this or that, and after a minute Dean wanders away, feeling like he’s intruding on something. There’s an emptiness in his chest. A jealous feeling gnaws at his stomach.
The lean has the desired effect— Cas’s eyes travel over his body. He shakes his head, eyes on Dean’s waist instead of his eyes. “You are so difficult.”
“Here.” Cas shifts, inside Dean and out, putting his weight on one elbow and reaching that hand up and under dean’s right thigh. Dean reaches down and folds their fingers together. Cas returns to fucking him, with two fingers now, the second feeling impossibly big, like he’s getting fucked for real. Cas’s voice is weirdly calm when he speaks. “I was thinking about when you did this for me. When you had Michael trapped, you remember?”
“Hain’t been that long.” Despite her words, Charlie stands back and does a little pose. She’s got an honest-to-God dress on and a fancy day hat, which Dean knows is a rare occurrence, though it’s all he ever sees her in nowadays that he doesn’t go to the ranch. It’s even got a little lacy frill around the brim, the white color of it making her red hair stand out.
An easy first mark of the night, and rich, to boot. Maybe he’d even throw in a generous tip. “Can I let you in on a secret?” Dean asks, leaning over the bar conspiratorially, tipping his hat back with a finger.
Cas waits impatiently. Dean drives in a straight line, at a steady velocity. There aren’t any other cars on the road.
“—Ride me, darlin’.” He goes for Cas’s ass with both hands, pulling him close and hard, separating his cheeks even through his trousers. Cas groans heavily. It seems as good a distraction as any. “Want you to come on me,” Dean says. “Come on my chest while I fuck you. Wanna watch you squirm on me. Feel you get tight and horny and watch your pretty face when you come. Watch you get yourself worked up. All red and sweaty and—“
“Only a few. They’re more performers than competitors, really; Annie Oakley style. The organizers talk ‘em up, makes for good publicity. All the boys go crazy over ‘em.”
“Soon as they start making news about people like me I’ll read the news.” Maybe if Dean’s livelihood and existence weren’t illegal he could be bothered to care about the law. “Anyway, I’m Charlie’s vote. Not that I got a choice. Whenever there’s an election on, she about breaks the house door down. Then I go and check the boxes next to the names she gives me.”
Dean rubs his nose on his sleeve and sniffs, aware that he looks a mess, shame running through him, the hopeless queer who had just gotten dumped by his man in the middle of the street. The hopeless queer these people would as soon mock as see hanged. The hopeless queer who’d seen blue eyes and assumed his lover gave a shit that he’d gotten in a fight in the street.
“Cas, I—“ he doesn’t even know what he’s saying; it just feels like he should say something. “I reckon—“
Today's chapter comes with a special bonus feature deleted scene that is far too happy and uncomplicated to actually feature in this work, please enjoy:
Dean almost smiles at this, then he thinks again about Cas, about telling him to ‘get’ like he was a dog, about the sad look on his face as he’d walked out. “Shit.”
“Good boy,” Castiel rumbles, and Dean near falls apart on him. He practically melts. Damn, that voice. “I want to make you happy. I want to make you feel good. I bet you look even more beautiful, when you’re begging for it. I want to do that to you. I want to suck you off like this. No, not like this. We could tie you up first—“ Dean moans in surprise as much as anything else— “tie you up on my bed so I can see every part of you, have my way with you—“
“Yes, wanna be good for you, darlin’. For you, Cas. Fuck.” Dean’s gasping, grinding, desperately happy.
Dean gasps this time, and flinches so hard he falls forward slightly, lips parted, panting. Cas’s pants are becoming unbearably tight.
Dean doesn’t bother to correct him; it was better if the customers didn’t know too much about how things worked behind the scenes. “That’s the idea. But it’s fine if you don’t like me talking. Why don’t you talk to me instead?” Dean proposes, standing up straight and fixing his hat on his head. “Tell me what you want your boy whore to do for you.” Most men liked it when he called himself that. Dean watches Castiel’s pupils dilate. Him, too.
“You can have his horse, too,” Dean says. “He’s getting on, but I reckon there’s a few more fillies in him yet.” Bobby’s flask shines at Dean, promising a liquid inside it that could burn through him until he could relax and forget all of this. It would be so easy. It’s been five weeks. Dean had never asked Balthazar, what drove him to it, if there had been a loss, or a fight, or some horrible event that made him run off to New York and bury himself in an opium den. Probably there wasn’t anything to tell; it was just the melancholy. Just a mind that couldn’t sit right in its own skull.
Curse words, as Cas gets up and chases him to the doorway, grabs his wrist, and says, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Please don’t go. I don’t want to fight. I’m sorry.”
“One moment,” Cas replies, too calm, as he pulls his fingers slowly out. Then Dean can feel him against his hole, warm and slick and pressing, and Dean moans with want, God, he wants it. “Please what?” Cas prompts.
Castiel shakes his head. His smile is small, little more than a twitch of the lips, but on him, it makes it look like he won the damn lottery. He closes and locks the door behind him. “Are all male prostitutes like you?” He drops the key on the dresser and begins sliding his own clothes off.
“I’m not happy with the way things went, but I did what had to be done. I couldn’t just let him hurt you again. Hurt any of you again. I—“
“You did a good job sucking me, you know that? You did a good job and this is your reward. Say ‘thank you.’”
Dean doesn’t see Cas for two full days after their awkward encounter, not until he crashes Cas’s weekly history lesson with Jack in the library.
“That ain’t true,” says Dean. “You never bought a drink at Sister Jo’s. You made it all the way out here, and Cas hain’t been watching you every second. He wasn’t watching you yesterday. And I know you’re smart enough to get your hands on some money, if you wanted to.”
Dean stares him in the eye. A smart guy. A doctor, or so he claimed. This Fergus, whoever the hell that was, had sent a tiny, smart doctor after Cas, not a bruiser, presumably not a gangster, unless they were letting brits into the mafia now. Strange. Dean didn’t understand these rich folks. And now he was in a pickle. He could sleep with the man who was tracking Cas and hope he never showed again, or he could reject him and risk drawing attention to the fact that Cas had been there.
“Oh, yeah? Tell me, then. What’s the noble cause that had you stealing Daddy’s horse and skipping town, huh? And screwing around doesn’t count.”
“Good.” Dean smiles and brings a hand to his cheek. He kisses Cas, gentle this time, slow. Cas deepens it but Dean doesn’t let him get too far, backing away slowly. “Get on the bed.”
There are too many words inside of him this morning—excuses, confessions, apologies—all of them trouble. Better to cut and run.
“Boys!” Charlie is insisting, and so Dean pulls two more glasses of water and brings them all to a table. He spreads them out and sits there, and Charlie sits next to him, and Adam glowers down at them both.
“Can’t afford to be one.” Had to pay for his daddy to be a drunk, instead. Dean can feel Cas’s eyes on him as the scratching stops. Dean drinks. The scratching resumes.
“Everybody likes fucking, dumbass,” Dean tells him. “But it ain’t like I can fuck everybody comes in the house all night. And I don’t like the idea of being inside of so many asses, anyhow.”
Cas groans. The orgasm is rushing through him; it’s unreal how big it feels. He watches himself spatter Dean’s chest, watches Dean breathing under him, his perfect body ruined, and it feels good, feels so good. It aches, it’s so good. He whimpers as he comes down, as the good feeling disappears and he’s left in a haze of thought, of Dean, of hands, of words.
Dean shivers. “Well it better be this way, then, because I don’t want no drawing done of my bare ass.”
“Anything.” He draws the word out and Dean can hear a fucking smug-ass smile in it, it’s so thick. “You are absolutely wonderful, Dean, did you know that?”
Dean stares at it. “Looks just like you.” Cas had drawn himself at an angle, sharp nose and jaw outlined in dark black, eyes hooded and dark. He was very nearly frowning, but Dean thought there was a spark of a smile in his eye, like he could hear Dean singing just off the page. “Thank you, darlin’.” Dean kisses him. “My sweet thing.”
“Yeah, they showed me the damn note.” He’d shot the fucking thing full of about twenty shells’ worth of shot, long past the time it had been shredded out of existence and the act ceased to be satisfying.
He goes to the kitchen and checks what they have; enough for hotcakes, aside from milk. No bread starter at all; they could never keep one alive. Dean doesn’t know how to make tortillas, but he figures Gabriella at the market won’t mind telling him. As for matzoh— well he has no clue how to make that or even how to learn; he certainly couldn’t step foot on Campbell Ranch to ask Rufus, and there was no guarantee Rufus would be feeling helpful enough to tell him even if he did know. Dean figures he may as well attempt it as best he can and if he messes it up, Cas will never know he’d tried. Maybe he could convince the bakers to give him a cracker recipe.
“Dean.” Cas steps closer and kisses him and the world stops for a moment. “My darling.” Something in Dean’s heart starts to spiral. He grips both of Cas’s hands in his. “It’ll be easier to give you an answer if you can ask me a question.”
Cas stares at him, those blue eyes reaching into his soul. It doesn’t feel as strange as it used to; he knows what Cas sees now. He’s seen it himself, reflected back at him in light and sound and rainbows.
Dean shifts awkwardly, getting his feet up so he has some leverage, then he lifts his torso up slowly, then back down again, so slowly, feeling Cas drag and shift and twitch inside of him, enjoying the power of being on top, of having Cas beneath him, of being able to take him so fucking deep and slow and good—
Tempting. But just being tempted was a failure of will. He was ultimately still so weak when it came to Dean Winchester. It was a mistake to even consider asking Crowley for anything, much less gossip on his activities with Dean. Either they
gotten in a fight with Cas? “No, sir, guess moral degeneracy is just in my blood, sir. Pay here’s good,” he adds. “If you’re interested,” he adds again, brazen from the anxious, stupid frenzy. He winks. “I can put in a good word with the boss for you.”
“How old are you again?” Dean asks, squinting at Jack like he might be a grown-up and Dean is just too stupid to tell.
“Got it today.” Dean falls quiet while Cas keeps exploring his neck. “You say it,” he protests, late to the argument.
Dean’s already inching past Sam and down the hall. “I, uh, I’m not sure. Tell you what, I’m gonna go ask Cas, and then I’ll come back and let you know, okay?”
And of course before all that there used to be five snot-nosed kids running around making him pull his hair out. They’d kept him busiest of all.
Dean falls asleep before they reach the bedroom. Cas cradles him gently and lays him on the bed. He removes Dean’s shoes and then, sitting on the mattress, one by one finds Dean’s weapons, cellphone, and wallet and places them on the nightstand. Cas brushes a bit of muck from Dean’s forehead and considers kissing him there. Sam enters with the water.
“Come in,” Cas replies from his position on the bed, and, permission granted, Dean closes the door behind him and crosses the room. He wastes no time, mounting the bed and straddling Cas in one movement, so that in a second their faces are almost touching. Cas lets the momentary stupor that always comes with proximity to Dean wash over him, even as Dean, absent that problem, presses their lips together. Cas closes his eyes and enjoys the electricity from Dean’s kiss as it flows through his body and grace, warm and welcome after so long apart.
“Alright?” Dean asks; he’s only in to the first knuckle, not enough for all this cursing and to-do, but Cas is acting like his finger’s a whole cock. God, what would he do on a—
“That’s right.” Cas kisses Jack on the forehead, then stands and kisses Dean on the cheek. “Thank you.”
However, slowly but surely, when they were alone, and especially when Dean wanted something from him, he’d become
While Cas is delayed by the dog in his path, Dean descends the stairs ahead of him. “Alright, quit it, you two. I got news.”
The man opens his mouth thoughtfully, tonguing his teeth, a hint of a smile around his open lips. “Well then,” he says, “bottoms up,” and he swigs the glass whole. He knocks it back easily, not coughing as Dean was half-expecting him to. He sets it back on the bar with a thunk. “Can I buy you a drink, love?”
Dean shrugs. “Wife don’t mind it none. They both invited me to stay the night before, too, but that didn’t seem right. I woulda just ignored the lady, you know. Not fair to her.”
Dean frowns, ready to put his foot down. “Dallas is—“ but he can’t think of a single reason not to move to Dallas, except that he never pictured himself settling anywhere else. “It costs too much,” he concludes.
“Don’t apologize. You ain’t done nothing wrong. Just the way Rufus is. That’s why I convinced Charlie to hire him in the first place; to get him the hell away from me. Well, aside from the fact I can’t pay him no more.”
“Sure, why bother.” Dean gets up and paces, the little loaded gun fully enveloped in his right hand. “Why bother telling us that instead of having the drunkest bastard in town as a father, some of us
The angel picks up a phone and hits a button. They turn away from Dean, and so Dean sneaks to the corner of the desk, from where he can see the elevator bay. As he watches, one of the elevators opens and a pair of angels steps out. Throwing a quick glance behind him to the bitchy reception angel, Dean darts into the elevator.
“I missed you, Cas,” Dean says simply, breath fogging in the cold. “I missed you like a motherfucker.”
was family, Cas. You and Bal. Remember? I loved you. We was gonna set up in a little apartment and smooze widows and light candles on Fridays…. You’re the one who left. Not me. You did.”
“Oh. Alright.” Cas’s disappointment brings Dean back to earth and he realizes that was the wrong response, that Cas had been really proud of this one, that he was supposed to like it and keep it like he had his drawing of Cas. Dean looks at Cas, who’s lying on his side next to him. Cas takes the notepad back and flips it closed, face still. Dean doesn’t know what to say.
“That’s not entirely accurate. In most respects I liked it very much. But it wasn’t true. And it always reminded me of that fact.”
“What got into you today?” Dean asks in wonder, running a hand through Cas’s hair and staring him in his gorgeous blue eyes.
He’s thought it so many times. He’s come close to saying it before. He remembers lying in bed, holding hands and not having sex and just talking, and being scared shitless by it and then not saying any goddamn thing.
“Don’t tell me it was Fergus,” Dean jokes, but Cas doesn’t roll his eyes. Rather, his expression becomes more desperate.
The night air is crisp as Dean exits the car. It wouldn’t be his first night in a back alley. There had also been truck stops, motel parking lots, backroads, all ending with crumpled bills stuffed into his back pocket. This was no different. It didn’t change anything.
“What,” Ruby asks, as she pushes two glasses across the counter, “he having trouble looking at your face sober?”
He’s still shaking with it. He takes another drag and closes his eyes, wills the smoke into him through his lungs, wills it into his bones. Then he lets it out. “Near got my sister beat; how the hell do you think I’m doing?”
“That resulted in some miscommunications last visit. I have plenty of time to think on the range, but we don’t have much time face-to-face to talk. It seemed like the most efficient method of communication would be to take down my thoughts in advance.”
“Thank you,” says Cas, as she hands him another beer. He takes a big gulp from it despite the near-identical taste, determined not to forget to drink this one.
They kiss, just for a little while. Just remembering how it works, how each other’s lips taste, going slow and gentle as anything. It feels right, and Dean can feel that rightness all throughout him in the warm water, all the way through to his fingertips as he sucks Cas’s lower lip delicately. He pulls off with a small sucking sound, and Cas sighs and sinks deeper into the water.
away. I’ll stay with Adam, or Sister Jo. Heck, I’ll sleep out in the pasture. The house is yours, Cas.” Dean knows it’s an insane thing to say, but he means it. He has no interest in a house without Cas in it.
Cas groans louder than Dean’s ever heard before, a deep resonant sound that fills Dean up from the inside. He’s clinging to Dean’s back as if his life depends on it. “Dean,” he moans deeply. “Oh, Dean.”
It takes Cas a second to answer, sleepily, just a whisper of breath on the nape of Dean’s neck. “I was disowned.”
Dean reaches a hand past Cas, his other hand on Cas’s shoulder for balance. The wing shifts a bit—nervous, maybe—and rainbows bounce around the room. Dean reaches. He touches— it’s hot. Searing, probably deadly, if he were alive. Dean wants to feel out what it is, but it
Cas remembers to open his eyes. There’s Dean, looking him in the eye. Dean grabs him by the neck again, pulls him back down, and Cas might shove his tongue back into Dean’s mouth, just a little. Dean doesn’t seem to mind it this time. He moans around him, hand moving up and down, making Cas harder, making Cas moan, too, and Cas can’t do this anymore, can’t wait anymore; he’s pushing Dean down onto the mattress and Dean goes, shifts up with him so they can be horizontal.
“Shh,” says Cas, more soothing than annoyed. He’s working at Dean now, rubbing up and down his crack, fingering little circles against his hole. “You sure you don’t want me to draw you like this? You must be beautiful like this. I could find a lantern.” He presses a finger in and Dean’s body releases a shuddering moan. All he can think about is how good it’s about to be, having more, having Cas fucking him.
Cas doesn’t smile, though he’d basically dared Dean to do this. He squints up at him, like he’s never seen anything quite like Dean before. “You really do like working here, don’t you?”
gets to him, such an uncharacteristic word to hear, whispered softly through Dean Winchester’s lips. Cas can only obey it, and so he stays quiet and just watches Dean, trying in vain to parse his expression. There’s something sad in it, and something Cas hopes is arousal, but maybe— maybe that didn’t mean anything. Maybe that was natural, merely a physical reaction. Oh, why was this so hard. Dean’s eyes flit downward suggestively and Cas just wants to grab him, to flip them both and kiss him flat into the leather seat, but Dean has moved before Cas can start making any plans in earnest. Soon those soft lips are on his neck again, sending pleasure throughout his body; there’s a word he now realizes he’d never understood:
“Okay.” Dean nods, staring away from Cas, straight out the windshield, just for a moment. Just to get himself together.
Cas hums Daisy Bell, or something like it. Baby finishes the feed in Dean’s hand and Dean rubs Cas’s hands softly; they’re clean, but dry and cracked from too much time in the desert. Dean leans back into him and Cas supports his weight. He does still smell of that cigarette.
“Is he in any trouble, sir?” The gun was gone. The gun was gone, but the gun was useless for shooting anybody, especially at night. If he’d taken it, if he’d actually tried to use it—Cas could never shoot anybody—Cas was more likely dead than guilty. Had they found him shot somewhere and now Dean was their main suspect? Was there anyone else who could have taken the gun? One of the girls? Bal?
“No,” Cas gives him a dirty look. “I told her my company was based out of Santa Fe and we drive cattle southeast from there.”
Dean stares him down. He wasn’t as weak as all that, to run off with one of his johns, and one he barely knew. Certainly not one that had been so rude to him today. “Just wond’ring why you come here if you wasn’t gonna touch me.”
“I reckon you’re in love with me,” he whispers in Cas’s ear so Bal can’t hear them. Cas still hasn’t said it, and it’s become a sort of game for them now, Dean teasing Cas for his feelings at every opportunity, and Cas worming his way around the words, expressing himself in just about every other way known to man.
Dean wants to say, but he cuts himself off short of badmouthing Cas’s daddy, now that Cas didn’t seem to want him to. He looks over at his little coffee contraption, but it doesn’t seem to be done yet. He adds a little more water.
“—Woah, woah,” interrupts Dean, who’s just made it to Cas and is very aware of the bartender reaching beneath the bar for a gun. He puts a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Put him down. Don’t need to get violent about this.”
“Okay.” Dean nods and stares out the windshield, as if thinking something over. Cas hopes he isn’t going to try to talk him out of speaking to Raphael. “Listen, Cas,” Dean continues. “I’ll do you this favor, but there are ground rules.” Favor? Ground rules? “Rule one: not a word about it, d’you hear? Not to anyone, not to Sam, not even to me, got it?”
“Not nearly as much as yours will, with those bags under your eyes. ‘Sides, my boy bought out the night. You have to convince how many men to look at you?”
He walks back up the street and gets Baby back from the stableboy, who has the nerve to ask him what’s wrong. Dean tells him to go to hell and rides Baby down a backroad til it seems deserted enough to sit against a fencepost and really cry. He only had himself to blame, really. It was inevitable.
Dean isn’t sure how it happens—he didn’t mean for it to happen—but soon they’re panting against each other; his mouth is wide and open around Cas’s tongue and he wants—
There’s a knocking sound in the night; Dean rolls over and ignores it. He’s come almost to enjoy sleeping now. Sleep had often been the enemy for him; something impossible to achieve but important to get before getting up and doing his chores. Oversleeping hadn’t been an option in childhood, and even though he works late hours now, that feeling had carried over, every bedtime, that fear that he wouldn’t get to sleep, and his momma would have words with him in the morning before sending him to clean the stables half-dead.
“I gotta get back. You gonna hold it together?” Jo stands and grabs the whiskey bottle, the remnants sloshing around in the bottom.
“What makes a man like that, anyway? I don’t mean what he did to me, but the rest of them. He loved them all, but he hurt them anyway. Was it the war? Did that just… break him in the head?”
They all stop arguing and turn to look at Cas, who’s holding the little double derringer in his hand.
Dean takes the sponge and soap and begins to clean Cas’s body, starting with his face. He scrubs the soap into Cas’s beard, his ears, even his nostrils, which earns him a glare. “Not my fault,” says Dean, taking no shit. “You’re the one been breathing dust for miles and not taking any baths.”
“Mm.” Dean shifts so he can rub against Cas, getting precome all along his backside, slowly dragging himself up and down Cas’s cock. It feels good, the hard bumps of Cas up against all of Dean’s most sensitive areas, impossibly slick with precome alone. Cas’s hands pull and separate him and move him in rhythm, making him feel sexy, wanted, open. Dean’s dick slides against Cas’s stomach, leaking onto him and twitching eagerly.
At that, Cas kisses him, kisses and rubs him until Dean’s moaning with it, wriggling under him in frustration, hating how empty he feels. “Please, darlin’, please—“
Dean frowns as he starts measuring things into the bowl. Charlie would be thrilled, he was sure. If for some reason she happened to decide to stop by. “Can’t exactly walk up to her door.”
Cas breaks off the kiss, but pulls him in tighter, into a hug. They sway. “I’ll write you a letter,” Cas promises again. “And in the meantime, just know I admire you very much. I’d like to tell you about it in writing, if that’s alright.”
He’s in bed with Dean Winchester. He had sex with Dean Winchester. Dean had touched him and kissed him and spoken words and it’s real. They aren’t far away now, on the mattress, but they are only touching with their held hands. Cas can taste Dean’s breath in the air; he’s breathing gently, and he watches Dean’s chest expand and contract beneath his shirt. They’d had sex, and all he’d done was stand, useless, against the wall. He hadn’t even gotten Dean’s shirt off. He tugs at it regretfully.
“Come here,” says Dean, and Cas slides back up him so they’re eye to eye. “I know,” says Dean, “that you try to come off polite but really you’re rude as hell. I know you’re smart, and kind, and gentle, and rough when I like you to be. I know you’re an honest person, and a good brother.” Cas stares. “I know you commit yourself to the things you care about. I know this life has been hard on you, and you’re too hard on yourself. I know I’m real happy your brother dragged you into this place, and if I charged you ever again I’d be the worst kind of thieving whore ever lived, because all I want is to see you again.” Cas leans closer, outlining Dean’s lips with a fingertip. “I know you’re too good for someone like me.”
“Thank you, Dean.” A bit of suction against his back; a kiss. Dean feels the dribble of oil on his backside. A panic shoots through him.
All the breath in Dean’s body leaves in a massive sigh as Cas takes on the role. “Yes,” Dean says in palpable relief. “Yes, Castiel. I’ll be good.”
Dean’s mouth works for a moment; Cas can practically hear the gears grinding in his head. A full minute passes.
Dean counters. “Ain’t one of y'all can cook. At least here Benny cooks us supper sometimes,” Dean uncorks the whiskey bottle. “Cajun stuff. Rice and beans and shit.”
“Good. I will, Dean. Just answer one question and I will.” But Cas is speeding up anyway, despite his words, getting carried away, dick pushing into Dean and making him gasp, so much, so big— “What are you?” Cas asks, and shit. Dean knows the answer. Dean closes his eyes, rolls his hips again, quicker now. He knows it’ll feel good to say it.
There’s a familiar fluttering sound and the room is dark again. Dean’s leaning against Cas; the room is spinning. He’s breathing heavily. Cas is gripping him, holding him up.
Dean sighs again, leans his head back against the headboard, misestimates the distance and ends up hitting his head.
Dean gets a surprise visit at the house & his first love letters from Cas. Dean and Cas have to confront the emotional realities of being in a relationship.
Dean blinks at it, at the space where a bottle had been standing. It was just air now. He breathes. He rotates the cylinder until it clicks. He lines up his sights.
Cas opens his mouth wide, kissing Dean desperately. More, he wants more, Dean, Dean. And he’s rubbing against Dean, both of them hard in their pants, the friction wonderful and frustrating and then Dean’s hand is between them, groping at him, and he moans unwillingly.
The hours before his confrontation with Amara are strange. Everyone is weirdly calm, formal. There’s something distancing about being the ritual sacrifice, about knowing that everyone has agreed to an existential contract allowing you to die. Dean agrees to it, too. It’s what they expect him to do.
What was supposed to be a distraction from Dean had turned into a never-ending deluge of innuendo about Dean. Crowley figured out early on in their ‘investigation’ that it was easier to get a rise out of Cas by mentioning Dean’s name than Cas’s own, and he took full advantage. He’d talk about Dean with this look in his eye, an I-know-something-you-don’t look that made Cas want to punch through his skull.
He looks into the distance. We can’t see what he’s looking at. Instead, we see flashes of some distant battle, angels versus demons. Behind them a planet floats by. CLOSE on Dean’s face as a strange feeling washes over him. He falls to his knees.
“The reason don’t matter,” explains Dean, frustrated that Cas could be so smart and yet so stupid. “Here, you tell your brother to do it for you, alright? Bet he’d do it.”
“Make me feel good,” Dean whispers. “But don’t touch above the thighs, understand? You got to earn that.”
They get pie. Jack spends the rest of their time in the restaurant pointing out anything Cas does that can be in any way interpreted as ‘rude,’ which drives Cas up a wall, but he seems to forget the game by the time they ride back to the hotel. Dean makes Cas wait for him in the hall while he unlocks his room, then he hands Cas the key. Cas’s eyes meet his briefly as he takes it, then he heads away with Jack down the hall, Jack asking him if Dean was going to sleep in their room again.
Cas’s hand cradles Dean’s face and Dean can feel familiar warmth passing through him, stitching him up, refilling him where he’s empty.
Cas just stares back at him, at Dean’s green eyes, for once wide and searching and not darting away.
“I like the ugly ones, too. ‘Specially the old men. They can be real sweet. Grateful, I mean. Didn’t used to be boy whores in Abilene, you know. Benny’s security, really. Just picks up a few johns up on the side. I’m the proper first.”
Dean isn’t one bit mad, but he knows an opportunity when he sees it. “What if you done hurt my feelings?”
“A little worse for wear, but, yeah. I reckon John was satisfied getting one good hit in. He came home railing on you. I wasn’t back home yet, but, uh, I guess Jo stood up to him about it, and he smacked her, backwards.” Sam mimes the motion. “Adam got between them after that, and then they tussled. I guess by morning he was all apologies; blamed the whole thing on you driving him crazy. Told Adam not to question him anyway.”
One thing Dean knows, John wasn’t getting worse; that was Jo thinking nostalgically. Naively, maybe. He’d fallen asleep in plenty of places when Dean had lived on the ranch. Dean turns the paper over and writes a response.
“Momma would take us to church on Christmas and Easter. Daddy never liked it the way she did. Pitched a fit when I tried to get everybody to go, the Easter after she died; we all stopped going after that.”
Jack EXITS to take the casserole to the kitchen. Sam peeks through a doorway (he’s been here before); from his point of view we see a room with a wall covered in phones labelled FBI, Forest Service, etc. with different aliases on each. There’s a computer and several monitors against the wall. Dean, standing, is on one of the phones.
Cas thrusts up into his hand, and Dean obligingly speeds up his pumps. He can feel the ridges of Dean’s penis and the motion of his hand and there are fireworks in his belly, fire in his grace, and they’re exploding and spreading throughout him, waves of explosions, he’s on fire but it feels good and it escapes from him in moans and gasps, and the fire is still growing, and then it releases in a wave of pleasure; it racks through him like a sound wave, and as he begins to return to normal, Dean is gasping against him and warm liquid is hitting his chest and Cas registers that Dean Winchester is orgasming and he’s missed it— the whole thing only took a few minutes. Twelve years of desire released, just like that. A quick handjob against the wall of Dean’s bedroom. Somehow Cas had thought there would be more of a process than just a few minutes of want and hands and breath.
“Oh. You.” Cas slides his little pad of paper over so Dean can see. “All month I’ve been having trouble getting your face right.”
Dean sips his whiskey, wondering how to possibly describe the Winchesters to someone who wasn’t a Winchester. “Whole family’s assholes,” he says finally. “Each of us is as pig-headed as… well, as a pig. One with an attitude problem. Get us all in one room, bad things happen. So there’s gotta be a person who keeps the rest from killing each other. And that person’s gotta get along with Daddy. Right now it’s Adam.”
It doesn’t make any sense, when Dean looks up to greet the next customers who come in, and Cas is standing there in the doorway. For a second Dean thinks he’s actually driven himself insane, and then Sister Jo opens her mouth.
“What happened, sir,” the sheriff corrects, grabbing a chair from under the window and pulling it around by the foot of Dean’s bed. He sits in it backwards. “Sit down, son.”
Dean heads to the washroom first and gets the little stove there lit, then puts a pot of water on. From there, he races up the back stairs to room three, his frilly robe flapping around him. Cas is half-dressed when Dean arrives, pulling his britches up.
The old wood table presses back against Dean’s face. “Never gonna look at Mr. MacDougal the same way again,” Dean confesses.
?” There’s an irritatingly joyful tone to Dean’s question, which quickly turns to an even more irritating concern. “Hey Cas, you got your mojo?”
And then Cas is flipping them. Dean’s surprised by his strength as Cas presses down on him from above— it’s been so long since any of it’s been directed at him. Dean writhes in delight at the sensation as Cas grabs his hands, trapping him against the mattress, and then kisses first his mouth, then his jaw, his neck, his ear. Cas is going overboard, kissing every part of Dean regardless of whether or not it’s an erogenous zone. He’s licking his chest, nipples, stomach, bellybutton, only stopping short at Dean’s cock, letting go of Dean’s hands as he stares at it as if it’s some tentacle monster.
Cas pulls away from Dean’s ear. They’ve never done it before, never even discussed it, but Dean’s thought about it a lot, thought about it too much. Cas has acted interested, maybe. He certainly hadn’t shied away from that area of either of their bodies.
Dean chucks the beans in the bin and takes his shirt to the laundry. He comes back to find Cas sketching on the edge of his list; a risky play, Dean thinks, given that the list has expanded, words now crawling up the sides of the page, leaving very little room for sketches.
“Alright.” Dean’s every hair follicle is aware of Cas watching him. “You know, if you wanna see me naked, all you gotta do is ask.”
Research was kept to a minimum for this fic in the name of getting it written. Cas's specific compulsion when drawing is unattested in reality as far as I know and makes no sense. Whatever the hell the cowboys are supposed to be doing here makes no sense. People have plumbing but no toilets. Money is amounts. Lots of things make no sense, okay? It is because I made them up.
He throws on the robe and walks barefoot to the door, then cracks it open. “C’mon, Jo. We’re busy here.”
“Hey, Nando!” Dean calls to the bartender. “Can we get another beer over here?” He squints at Cas. “You drink beer?” Suddenly he can’t remember Cas ever having any.
Cas gives him a look could scare the stripe off a polecat. “Not ‘going to.’ You’re literally injured right now.”
Dean explains it to him. It’s strange, communicating with a Balthazar who actually wants to communicate. He’s extremely quick, not needing Dean to repeat anything, and Dean finds him genuinely helpful by the end of it. “Make a working man out of you, yet,” Dean says, once they’ve got three full bowls of food.
“Fuck, Cas.” The words are difficult to say, with his neck stretched out, but that makes them better, somehow.
“Well, somebody ought to.” Dean winks. “Besides, how many times do I gotta tell you, angel? I’m damn good at riding.”
Cas reaches up to cover Dean’s hand with his own, wide and warm, and Dean loses all his breath. It was real. Cas was touching him. His hand’s on fire. “Thank you,” Cas says, yet again. His thumb moves purposefully against Dean’s skin, leaving a trail of embers behind it. After a moment, Dean’s hand drops away, their fingers brushing and letting go as they fall. Dean’s heart beats.
but no one’s touching him, nothing’s coming out of him, he’s just shuddering on Cas’s cock, his cock and ass are twitching and Cas is still pumping into him, slower now, tobacco voice gentle.
“Can I talk now?” Cas asks, desperately confused. He wants to ask what Dean is thinking, if he feels the way Cas does, too. If he feels even a modicum of
Cas is still touching his face, his thumb like the gentle caress of a hot poker, and it’s driving Dean a little crazy. Cas smiles at Dean’s words and it reduces him to a lump of embers. He’d do anything to make Cas smile.
They’re a full day early; Dean had Cas check the calendar twice, so he’s all ready to rub it in her face. He saunters up to the bar and shoots her a “Howdy, ma’am,” so cocky it makes her lip curl. “I’m here for a job.” He slaps her damn check on the bar top and slides it across to her. It gets picked up between two manicured fingers. “Look, d’you mind if Cas and his brother stay in the house tonight? Maybe a little longer? We’re gonna find ‘em a place in town.”
“That sounds nice,” says a man’s voice. Dean looks up, and there’s Adam in their bedroom doorway, looking him in the eye.
“Wish I’d’a been as smart as you,” says Dean. “Coulda been better to a lot of people.” He pats Cas’s shoulder. “Anyhow, that’s one more reason to move to Abilene. Don’t got to kiss the ass of no realtor.”
Cas watches him the whole time with those burning blue eyes. Dean’s skin prickles when he meets them. “Cas, darlin’, you got some eyes on you, huh?”
“Ain’t sober now.” Dean reaches back up, but Benny bats his hands away and presses his shoulders down, like he can stick Dean there to the mattress.
“Jack is here, Dean. And I didn’t mean to be so precise. This body could be from anytime in the past year. You had many things to be happy about— a home, a family.”
Cas stares at him. His eyes are so perfect, so blue. Dean loses himself for a moment. He’s in bed with an angel.
“Tell me what you’re fixing to do to me, then. I know you got a plan. Men don’t buy four hours of my time without a plan.”
“You promised, Cas, darlin’. You said you’d open me up in front of God and man, make me scream your name.”
my most hated ‘no homo’ moment is definitely the ‘you’re our brother’ from Dean in 11x23. So anyway I made it all about gay repression, self-hatred, and suicide. have some fun today by not reading this chapter
Cas squeezes his hand. “You didn’t warn me I was talking to the brother of a real-life college boy.”
Couldn’t drink, couldn’t read, seemed like everything he’d ever done he saw through Cas’s eyes now. And he’d already cleaned the house top to bottom over the last two days.
Their belt buckles scrape together. Cas’s lips explore Dean’s cheek and beard and ear. “You want me to ride you?” Cas whispers.
“Yeah. Get it?” The look in Dean’s eye is less threatening this time. He’s actually smiling, like he and the man are sharing some joke.
Dean, his full weight resting on his arms, turns the taps off, even though the bath isn’t nearly full. “Skip ahead. Get to the good part.”
Cas gives him a dollar, and Dean gets dressed, properly, in his clothes, hat, and boots, and heads down to the parlor, where he buys them a bottle of whiskey from Ruby, who’s covering the bar. Sister Jo watches him do it with a careful eye.
Balthazar leans in again, taking a big whiff, as if to smoke the long-gone cigarette through Cas’s shirt.
him, heard him? He’d said something about her, hadn’t he? He can’t even remember. That was a shitty way to find out you were a bastard, wasn’t it? He should have told her sooner.
Cas’s chest heaves as he moves his legs wider. Dean kisses his way up Cas’s right thigh, not as slowly as he’d planned, too eager for that. He goes from the inside of Cas’s knee all the way up to where his leg meets his torso in only a few kisses, then he bites at the tendon there, taut and nervous as Cas must be, bites and then sucks at it, buries himself in the hollow of Cas’s crotch, tasting him, salty and musky and
“I was— it’s—“ Dean’s never seen the man so uncomfortable before. “I thought I’d try being a good Jew.” He mumbles it, like he’s guilty over it.
Jack smiles at Dean shyly, working the bear in his hands and shifting from foot to foot as he catches on. “Uh, can I take Mr. Bear and all my cowboys downstairs?”
The girls are still working when they get back, so they have a little time to unpack in the bedroom in private. Cas helps to unload some of Dean’s things, putting them in his box under the bed.
“Didn’t nobody get shot. Sheriff says get dressed quick.” The girls all stare at him, and he starts throwing the curtains open.
They embrace, then part. Dean is thrilled, still filled with fresh emotions. Cas is DEVASTATED. His worst nightmare is confirmed— Dean is worse than dead.
“Don’t,” says Dean sharply, bringing a finger up to Cas’s face. “I ain’t finished yet.” Cas keeps frowning, but shuts up. “So, the point is— the point is, it ain’t us, right? It’s him. It’s his feelings. They need someplace to go. So if a big, strong cowpoke comes and knocks him flat, now he’s even more angry than he was before. See?”
Dean pushes against Cas’s lips again, pulls at his shoulders; he’s trying to get Cas to shut up, just
“You know something I hain’t never done before?” He has to ask at much higher than a normal volume, even though he’s speaking right next to Cas’s ear, the rain is so loud.
Castiel has one cassette tape, which Dean had given to him before he’d set out alone to track Lucifer. “To keep you company on the road,” Dean had said then, and it makes Cas smile now to think of it. He presses play on the tape deck, and the first sounds of Led Zeppelin’s
“I don’t understand the question.” He didn’t understand the question. “Is more required than attendance for one to have participated?”
Dean catches sight of a small smile on Cas’s face as he opens the door and disappears into the Impala. Had he ever even seen Cas smile before? Really smile?
“I— she’s a constituent of my father’s. Our families are close, and she was always very supportive of me. I wrote to let her know I was doing well.”
Dean takes a deep breath. Bal is rubbing his back. Cas is still staring him in the eye. He breathes out.
Dean gasps a shuddering breath and tries to do as he’s told. The Empty takes, and Dean gives. Feelings pour out of him. He regrets. He remembers.
Of course he could, Cas thinks, as they drive back to the bunker and Dean still hasn’t said anything. Jack doesn’t say anything either. Why was Jack choosing now, of all the times to suddenly learn tact?
He has his answer. The rules that Dean had laid out for one blowjob so many years ago are still in place, only now instead of a one-sided exchange, they both pay out favors in kind. What was it Crowley had said?
They drive through a fast food place and park in the lot. Cas practically inhales his burger and fries; he hadn’t realized how hungry he was.
Rick actually gives it to him. Dean opens the whiskey and has a drink, looking around and feeling mighty satisfied with himself. Edgar and the other man are sitting at a table watching him instead of their checkers game, and he lifts his bottle at them in greeting. Grungy-looking fuckers.
It’s been years. Thelma and Louise. “Listen, Cas.” He looks back over to the passenger side. “I’ll do you this favor,” he says, tasting the lie in it, swallowing it down, “but there are ground rules. Rule one: not a word about it, d’you hear? Not to anyone, not to Sam, not even to me, got it?”
Cas comes along for the beer run. Dean wants to tell him— tell him so many things. He probably won’t be able to until he’s had quite a few. There was still enough time for that. But they start talking about Cas’s feelings and then he ends up trying to say it anyway, without figuring out what he wants to say first. Dean struggles with words as he drives, thanks Cas for being there, tries to tell him how important he is, thinks to himself,
Dean smiles up at Cas, whose eyes have picked up more than a little fire. Dean fondles his chest. “You want me to suck you off?”
The ghost of a smile flickers over Cas’s face and disappears. “It sounds nice,” he admits. “But, what happens when we fight again? Do you kick us out?”
“Of course not.” Cas kisses his knee. “I love your chest. And it’ll be much easier to include your face from this angle. It will be awkward to pose, though.” Cas’s face gets this distant look, thinking about the specifics of how to draw Dean.
“Oh, shit. Yeah,” says Dean, pausing with his hands in the pack. “That’s for you. From Charlie. And the others, too, I guess, but Charlie for sure. For knocking Daddy a new one.”
“You ain’t gonna find no work here, son,” Rick says from behind him in his old worn-down voice. It’s got actual tobacco grit to it, not like Cas’s God-given
Maybe it’s a mistake; it certainly earns him a deadly look from Ruby, but he wants to be able to look at his picture. He wants to talk, too, so he talks with Donna about him, and she swoons, and says all the right things, too sweet for her own good, and Dean gets to brag a bit. Charlie finally comes by one day and Dean talks to her about his Yankee cowpoke with the blue eyes and the voice of an angel. Meg joins the conversation and even has a nice word or two to say about Cas. Dean didn’t even realize she’d met him. He forgets to ask them what, if anything, they know about Judaism. Abilene doesn't have a public library, so Dean figures he’ll just have to wait and find out more from Cas directly.
Castiel stares at him for a moment, and it’s like Dean can see the dirty thoughts in his head. When he opens his mouth he says, “Do we have anything to tie you with?”
Dean NODS at Sam, still in the doorway. While this is going on, Castiel ENTERS the entryway, hugs Eileen and kisses her on the cheek. She holds her hand up to him proudly, eyebrows raised in excitement. Cas grins in admiration.
“I dunno. I stopped going when I was twelve. Sammy and Charlie went the whole time; they turned out alright.”
It looks purple; a big, purple lump the shape of Dean’s elbow where he’d leaned too hard on him. “Bruise,” Dean says simply.
“What just happened?” Dean puts a hand on his shoulder, but Cas flinches away. Dean doesn’t try to touch him again.
Another bottle disappears. John falls to the ground, gripping his chest. Dean rotates the cylinder with a
Dean lowers himself to kiss him. “What? You’re saying that’s not what you envisioned in any of your ‘wild fantasies?’”
They spend quite a bit of time positioning Dean on the bed. Dean offers to kneel, but Castiel claims that he’s not good enough to finish before Dean’s knees give out; Dean turns that into a dirty compliment and Castiel smiles but doesn’t laugh, too busy giving instructions; his head, the hat, his arms, his legs, his drawers.
“I’m just trying to help. I’ve been in your shoes. He doesn’t care about you, love. Get out while you still have a little spark of angel left in you.”
this. Cas had been thinking about him, as they were going through their daily life, shopping for clothes.
2) He could seek Dean out now, and ask permission to share his bed again. (Humiliating. And what was the likelihood of Dean verbally agreeing to such a request?)
“You’re not listening, Cassie. I’ve had a brilliant idea. See, one picture doesn’t prove anything. People will just think I’ve a big cock—“ Dean laughs—“but two pictures. See, we label one ‘before,’ and one ‘after,’ now we’ve got solid evidence that it works. And we can do lots of them—show that it wasn’t just a freak incident or something. Even clever people will buy it.”
It has no effect. The birds keep yakking up a storm. Dean plays with Cas’s hair some more, thinking. This earns him a swat. He ignores it and leans over Cas’s ear. “Got us things for hotcakes. Was gonna surprise you today. Got some hotcakes and strawberry jam. Got something else, too. You’re gonna like it. Know what it is?”
Since getting back, apparently. He’s been asking Chuck to make him human. I tell him: your grace is running near empty anyway. Just head over to the hospital and miracle some people; you’ll be human when you get back.
Dean has to stop reading. Cas, the dumb son of a bitch. Cas had— as if shooting John wasn’t bad enough, he’d written a full confession, the dumb piece of shit.
Cas goes under on his own this time, and Dean takes a moment to stare at his arms, still clinging to the sides of the tub, big sturdy hands and long, sinewy muscles. Dean has a lot of opportunity to see strong arms, but still. These ones are perfect.
He can’t stand his own mind when he’s like this, going but unable to stop. He’s itching, if not for motion, then for booze, for something to gum him up, slow him down and stop him thinking so much.
“Hold up.” Dean sits up and grabs Cas’s wrist before he can escape. Words don’t come. Because Cas is right, Dean hasn’t forgiven him. But he hasn’t stopped caring for him, either.
Cas shifts, half-standing up to put the charcoal and sketchbook down on the dresser. He comes back to bed and lies on his side next to Dean, wrapping an arm around his chest and kissing the nearest piece of skin. “Didn’t I make it clear that you don’t have to lie to me?” he whispers.
“Charlie said you seen it,” Dean says, eyeing his target. John’s bleeding out into the dirt. “In his eyes. She says that’s why you bought that gun.”
Cas’s voice is breathy and high, tense now, Dean hopes, with pleasure instead of nerves. “Zipporah.”
“I can take time off, too,” says the evil bitch ruining this for him. “Wanted to make sure y’all wouldn’t fuck on my bed.”
Cas caresses his face, and Dean leans into it, dramatically, shamelessly. As soon as Cas gets him going all shame goes out the window. “Do you mind, if we do mine tonight? I can tie you up when we get to Abilene. We have all the time in the world, now.”
No filth at all. A long list of get-to-know-you’s, like Cas was trying to catch up on their near-five months of knowing each other. Dean supposes he can’t blame him.
Dean squirms onto his back and meets Cas’s gaze. Was that how Cas felt? Worse still, was it true? Dean used to feel like he was using Cas, but once he’d realized Cas was enjoying it, too, he’d assumed they were good. Fuckbuddies. Everybody having fun. But Cas doesn’t look happy now. “I’m sorry,” Dean hears himself say, before he can figure out what he’s even feeling. “I’m sorry if I— you don’t have to—“
“I’m dying, darlin’.” Dean means to use the phrase as a setup to flirt, to let Cas think he’s talking about his muscles and then say it’s because he wants to kiss him so bad, but at the word “darlin’,” Cas’s eyes flick nervously to the men on the other side of the campfire and Dean drops it. “We keeping ourselves a secret on the range, then?” he asks quietly, trying a spoonful of beans.
Cas opens it and pulls out a tarp and a bedroll, which they lay down in the grass. They also take the water skein and oil jar, and Cas grabs some of those hardtack biscuits he had complained of in his letter. They tie Cas’s horse over by the creek and she has a drink, and then they lie down under the trees, not bothering with any sort of tent on such a clear night. It’s the end of April, only a light chill in the air, and the sky clear as anything.
It was hard, having been seeing each other for months, but only having seen each other four times. Each visit felt so important, so intense. Each letter got read a hundred times over. Each telegram was carefully crafted to be as cheap and communicative as possible. And Dean’s life was such a mess. “Sure you don’t want to leave?” Dean asks, before he can think better of it.
With a SNAP, Chuck TRANSFORMS back into Chuck Shurley, then steps back, inspects the brothers. They are not doing well, emotionally.
They hadn’t had strawberries when Dean had lived there. Hardly had a garden at all. Momma had been shit at gardening, and Dean and Charlie had been even worse. “Where’d they come from?”
“I’m real glad you’re here, Cas,” Dean says quietly, sinking down and letting himself rest on Cas’s chest, half off the bed.
It’s so easy to forget, when Cas is thrusting into him and working breaths from him like heat from embers and his body feels full and good and wanted. It’s easy to pretend this was all there ever was and would be, just this, just them and the dirt and the stars, forever and forever, panting breaths and dry air and sweat and muffled cries, then curses, then gasps, then whispers. Dean feels as if he could disappear, become just Cas’s name, whispered on his own lips and given to him in the night.
“Good morning, Jack,” says Cas generously, wrapping his arms around the kid. “Did you have a good breakfast?”
Dean slams the door shut. “Yeah, well, so am I! I didn’t ask for this, you know! I ain’t the one who done fucked him for free. I mean, hell, Cas, what was you
It feels shitty, saying goodbye to Cas. Dean can apologize for kicking him out, but he can’t invite him back. All he can do is try to encourage him, and be glad that maybe being human will keep Cas safe and out of trouble. He leaves Cas there at the Gas n’ Sip and wonders when doing the right thing had become so confusing.
Cas grumbles, but lets him go. Dean heads to the other side of the trees, pisses, and cleans himself up. He walks back, thinking about the bread he’d meant to set to rise the previous night. It ought to still be okay; he’d made bread with less time, but it wouldn’t be as sour and fluffy. The matzoh he might give up on; he doesn’t want to disappoint Cas with another ‘rock.’ He finds Cas’s feed and feed bag, and gives the horse her breakfast, then he sits back down on the tarp and drinks some water. He watches Cas, spread out for all the world like a man who’d just been laid flat by a good punch, legs everywhere, arms around the blanket they’d used as a pillow. How he could sleep through the racket the birds were making was beyond Dean. He leans over and brushes a hand through Cas’s hair. He sings softly, to the tune of “Oh My Darling, Clementine”:
Dean leans back, much as he can with his hands tied beneath himself, and closes his eyes. Cas pumps him gently with a hand, making him moan. “So fucking close, Cas.”
“Didn’t prove nothing, sweetheart,” Dean responds, quiet and calm because Cas was still there, talking to him, and surely he should have left by now. “Told you we got lucky.”
It feels strange, unreal. In the dark, in the chill, his finger warm inside of Cas, Cas grasping at his hair. He's not used to getting what he wants.
“You son of a bitch,” says Dean, crossing the room in two strides and hugging him quickly, then grabbing and kissing Balthazar on the cheek. “Y’all are gonna love it there, I swear. We’ll find a good place. Won’t be New York, or Boston, but it’ll be good, I swear.”
Cas waits, a little masochistically, to see if Dean will finish asking, but he doesn’t, so Cas fills the silence.
“I hope,” Cas confesses, “more than I ever have before. But sometimes, hope can blind one to the truth. Maybe I—Dean, I love you. I don’t regret anything we did together. It’s true, you did hurt me, but you did that outside of sex, too. I know I hurt you, even if you refuse to admit it. We’ve both done things we’re ashamed of, and we’ve both hurt each other so many times.
Dean blinks groggily, leans up on an elbow. Sees Death. We see him, too. Not Billie, but the og Death himself, watching Dean sleep.
He smiles and pulls her into a tight hug, cramming her crossed arms against his stomach. “You know you’re my guardian angel, Jo.”
“Screw you,” says Dean as he kicks his way out of the door and into the blazing sun. He grabs Balthazar by the shoulder, holding him back and running ahead of him toward Cas, who’s walking swiftly down the street. “Cas. Cas, I swear, I didn’t know. He said his name was Crowley. He said he was sent by some guy— I didn’t know.” He’s caught up with Cas now, almost stumbling as he tries to keep pace.
That was one of the nice things about Sister Jo’s; there was always something to do. Harder to drink if you’re working. Hard to get sick of yourself when there’s four other girls to get sick of, first. Not to mention one large man, good for a quick fuck if business was slow.
Dean can’t meet Cas’s gaze, but he can feel it, boring into his brain. “I see.” Cas’s hand clenches on his thigh. “You’re right; I shouldn’t think about this.”
Dean shuts him up with another kiss, this time shoving his tongue between Cas’s lips so he can only moan. His kisses him again, and again, and again, tasting Cas, feeling Cas, remembering Cas, remembering kisses under the clear prairie sky, under dappled moonlight, in the rain. He doesn’t move until Cas pushes him off, both hands flat on Dean’s chest.
“I just gotta get cleaned up first. And eat. And probably sleep some more. Gotta change my sheets….” He trails off.
Dean takes Cas’s hand and leads him, first to the laundry room to drop the towels, then up the back stairs.
His movements gradually slow and then stop. They both breathe for a moment, letting the feeling run through them.
“In my way, nothing. I already got Donna to cover me tonight. Just gotta finish up some laundry. Rest of the day’s yours. What d’you want to do?”
Dean scrambles up and finds his pants, then jumps into them quietly. He finds an actual cotton shirt instead of the silk one, and a jacket that he throws on against the chill. There’s a million voices in his head, naming things that could have gone wrong. They beat through his heart, through his lungs:
“Can you tell Jo—“ Dean turns in his chair and pauses, having no idea where he was going. “Just tell the kid I love her.”
Dean slows down, breathing gently and easily with Cas in his arms. It isn’t so scary, like this. It feels like they can do anything.
It takes Dean a moment to come back to earth, to remember the hesitancy with which Cas had asked for this. Cas hadn’t had anything up his ass until Dean, so that meant Dean’s would be his first cock. Dean likes that, likes the idea of a virgin Cas, one like who he’d thought Cas was when they’d first met, all quiet and nervous and needing taken care of. He was always so wriggly and eager when Dean fingered him. “Why wait til Santa Fe?”
Dean watches Cas eat his beans with a constipated look on his face. He’s about to say something about how he can hold back on the sweet talk, when Balthazar talks over him.
“You some kind of sap, Shurley?” It’s the best he can do. It’s either that, or say “I still love you,” and he can’t do that right now. Cas tilts his head.
Cas goes on and on, and Dean takes it, not worrying whether the words are true or not— that way lay madness—but content in knowing that Cas believes them. He takes them as promises, as affection. He holds Cas close as he gasps through the pleasure, Cas’s hand spreading waves of it through his body until he finally tenses, coming into Cas’s hand with Cas’s name on his lips.
Shit. Dean never should’ve shown him those BDSM pornos. Weirdly, seeing Cas between his legs, seeing that dark look in his eyes, that same look that he had when he dominated him— God, Dean had only gotten him to do it a few times, but it was so good; Cas was a natural. Seeing him do it now, without even having to ask, seemingly eager to do it, makes Dean feel weirdly gooey inside. It has the opposite effect on his dick, which strains eagerly against his stomach.
“Uh, right— Sammy, Charlie, these are my good friends the Milton brothers. Y’all done met Balthazar already, and uh, and this here’s Cas. Castiel.”
“Dean,” he says, standing up, eyes wide. His eyes don’t leave Dean’s as he speaks to the other angels. “Emily, Theodore, I’m afraid I have to cut our meeting short.”
“You been real good to me, Jo,” says Dean, standing in the same place where he’d begged for a job five years before. “And I don’t want to hurt your business. It’s just that four weeks is as short as I can keep it; that takes us to Santa Fe and back. The other leg would be six weeks to Jackson. And it’s got to be tomorrow, otherwise I got to wait ten whole weeks to do it.”
Weighed down by all of this, he walks carefully back up the block to Sister Jo’s and dumps it in the kitchen.
It doesn’t take him long to come, gasping quietly into the night, grip tightening in Cas’s hair, back sinking a little lower against the wall as his hips shudder forward. He holds onto Cas as he comes back to reality.
“Here,” says Dean, scooting closer and ignoring the pain. “It’s fun. Look at your target, not the gun. Both eyes open. Bend your elbow a little. Not that much.” Cas complies, lying flat on the ground and aiming the empty pistol at the sky. “You can steady it with your other arm. Now, eyes on the target; you can see two guns, right?”
“A Jewish one.” Cas is looking at him like he’s a funny bug on the wall. Dean supposes he kind of is. He doesn’t know one thing about Jewish people, after all, except for having seen a family of them in town sometimes. They looked different than Cas, though, the daddy with his black hat and the kids all with little round ones. Kippot? No bacon, huh. Temple on Saturdays. And wasn’t no hell.
Dean nods again. Donna gives him a little wave as she leaves. Benny fetches Dean a glass of water, which he chugs down. He feels like he just ran all the way to the ranch and back. “I’m real sorry, Jo.”
The problem, stupidly enough, was Crowley. Long before Lucifer had possessed Castiel, while Dean was struggling with the Mark of Cain and they were forced to work together again, Crowley had made comments to him about Dean—the sort of comments with untoward implications, the sort designed to make Cas’s skin crawl. They had a pointed, bitter tone to them.
He gets only a glimpse of Cas’s eyes, wide and blown and beautiful, before he gives in and is kissing him there against the wall. They skip over anything gentle, mouths working at each other, bodies pressing firmly, just wanting to be closer, just wanting to be inside each other. Cas shoves his tongue into Dean’s mouth and Dean sucks it, drawing a moan of approval from deep in Cas’s chest. Dean isn’t even pressing Cas against the wall, not really; Cas’s body is reaching forward, rebelliously or desperately seeking contact, so after a few moments of muffled breath, Dean thrusts his hips forward, forcing Cas fully against the wall. Cas makes a muffled, high-pitched sound of surprise that turns into lower sounds of approval. Smiling slightly, Dean leans back, still holding Cas in place by his wrists. Cas cranes forward, searching for the kiss, eyes fluttering open. Dean shifts so he’s holding Cas’s wrists in one hand and then traces a line next to Cas’s Adam’s apple with the other. Cas’s eyes flick from his mouth up to his eyes, quicksilver surrounded by shards of iron.
“Crowley, actually, Cassie. Lovely to see you, too. And what have we here? You brought your pretty little thing with you. Hello again, Dean. It’s been too long.”
He’s back in his childhood room, which is shared with Sam and Adam; the girls all share the room across the hall. Their parents’ room at the end stands empty. Dean sits on the bed, on the quilt that his grandmother had made, and sifts through piles of books. Whenever anything had happened to him as a kid that had made him want to cry, he’d read these books, stacks and stacks of them. He could rattle off more facts about the storylines of dime novels than the authors probably could. They made for wonderful distractions; melodramatic plot lines, exciting characters, action and romance and the bad guys always getting their due.
Dean relaxes downward, bringing his arms up to make himself a little pillow. Cas doesn’t say anything, just keeps rubbing Dean down, and Dean lets himself stop thinking for a second, lets the tiredness wash over him while he stares at the spot where the tarp meets dirt. Eventually, he wanders back to consciousness.
Cas makes this self-satisfied face, eyebrows raised high, but mouth low and serious. “You haven’t asked how much of your time I’ve bought.”
“Listen to me when I talk, damnit. It ain’t that he’s dead, it’s that you did it. It’s that you went and put something like that between us, and then you skipped town. Not a word and you skipped town. You left. No letter, no telegram, no nothing. And now you’re standing there with a dumb look on your face. I lost
Dean groans again. He’s not capable of much else. He sits up, finds the oil jar and starts slicking Cas up; he’s plenty hard, he feels so good, and big, just perfect—
“We lost those heifers, a couple months back,” Charlie says, way too generously, trying to see reason where there wasn’t any. “I think that’s making him paranoid, but I dunno. Either we’re out of money or we’re not, but he’s not letting me see the books.”
There’s lips on his neck, the scratch of Dean’s skin against his own, a flurry of small explosions, and he’s dying, he’s dying, he’s clinging to Dean and Dean’s hand is on his chest and dimly Cas realizes it’s unbuttoning his shirt, and doesn’t Dean know that if he touches his bare chest he’ll explode?
No, I do. I owe it to both of us. I have to say it now, while Chuck can’t mess with my head. I have to say it or it’ll never happen.
“And you’re going to remind me?” There’s a flash of something in Cas’s eyes that makes Dean feel like this whole exercise is pointless; obviously he’d rather get on his knees on the bed and get fucked by Cas into oblivion. But he pulls himself back to reality.
So he worked hard, and he wore his hat, and he made men happy, and at the end of the day he had money left over to send home.
Cas sighs and rolls his eyes, moving his whole head with it before handing the tortilla across the table to Dean. Balthazar intercepts it.
Cas smiles against his neck. “Yes, you did. Dean,” his voice grows huskier, “Dean, there’s no one there, can I—“
“Yeah, fine, we would. It’s still cheaper to live there. And it’s got a hell—heck—of a root cellar.”
Then Cas kisses him. Cas kisses him til his hat falls off and he slides deep down into the pillows and he loses track of the water glass in the sheets somewhere. Cas kisses him til they can’t breathe, til Dean’s heartbeat is victorious rather than scared, til Dean feels like he’s dreaming.
It makes Dean feel all warm and fuzzy before he’s even touched the stuff. “Yeah, I’ll watch over you, darlin’.”
And Dean’s getting even more out of this than he’d expected to, because without meaning to say it, the next words out of his mouth are, “Beg me.”
Cas walks into him, pushing him gently with his shoulder, and Dean pushes back. The houses are spreading around them, each getting a little farther and farther from its neighbors. “So,” says Cas, “you really just… don’t know anything about current events? Or recent history?”
“Dean,” Cas reprimands. Dean just grins at him. Cas is touching so much of Dean now, the whole front of him. One of Dean’s cotton-sheathed legs is between his own, and their chests are pressed together so that Cas can feel every breath, every heartbeat. Dean’s cocky smile is only an inch away. Cas kisses it. Dean kisses him back.
The bells start ringing. People would be coming soon. Dean isn’t sure what else there is to say. He looks for a flower, and finds a dandelion growing nearby. He picks it and lays it down onto her.
drunkest. It’s all the same, right? Only difference is, he actually lived on the ranch with us, and you fucked off to yours. Boy, Momma sure could pick ‘em, huh? You know, you once told us you was our family. I didn’t realize you meant this.” He thrusts the derringer accusatorially at Bobby’s face.
Dean blinks at the room, so much quieter than he remembered it ever being. It was almost midday, and the house was empty. Everyone must be out back, trying to catch a breeze. “Y’all eat anything today?”
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” he whispers. Cas is close now, right in front of him, eyes hopeful. “I should’ve told you. I should’ve told you as soon as I figured it out. There were so many times I could’ve, so many times I thought, I love this—guy.” Dean catches himself before the end, and the last word falls from his lips like an afterthought.
“I had you pinned,” says Cas, as if he had any idea how to hold a man down. “You asked me to stop multiple times and I didn’t. You warned me.”
“Yeah.” Dean kisses his chest. After Cas had taken the kid upstairs, Dean’d had to run to the concierge and give him some bullshit story about needing to oil his saddle overnight, but he’d gotten it.
When Cas finally does arrive, Dean is working, so he doesn’t see him come in. After cleaning the room, he walks back into the parlor and Benny has to whisper to him that his beau’s in the bedroom. Suddenly cautious, Dean looks at Sister Jo, but she isn’t minding them any. Heart going crazy, Dean opens his mouth.
Cas doesn’t ask to be called Castiel, he doesn’t tell Dean to be quiet or good or not to touch himself, he just groans, keeps fucking him, harder, and then he speaks. “Come for me, Dean. Please. I want to see you. Want to watch.”
Then Castiel has to reposition him again, elbows and neck, knees and ankles, and Dean slowly finds his attention beginning to wane.
“Now, look here.” Dean holds the gate open with the heel of his boot and adjusts his hat. “What are you, anyway, a Texas ranger, or a thievin’ cowpoke?”
She looks alright, not beaten or bruised. Not crying. Not carrying a bindle or some shit. She’s wearing pants and a shirt, the sort of stuff Charlie wears around the ranch. Probably her normal clothes. She looks too old to be Jo, and yet undeniably herself. She’s looking back at him shyly.
“Of course I don’t want—hell.” He can’t deal with her. He can’t deal with the smell. He walks out to the back porch, letting the door slam behind him. He sits there, staring into the too-bright yard, head throbbing, til Donna comes out to try to be nice, then he snaps at her and goes to the laundry room and starts washing up. He does everybody’s sheets and hangs them up to dry and when he’s done his head still hurts, his stomach is still acid, his brother still hates him, Cas is still gone, and his little sister isn’t going to write him ever again.
“I’ve gotten much better at illustration,” Cas says, like that’s an answer. “The mistakes are so obvious in retrospect.” He traces a line down the bumblebee on the page, then meets Dean’s eye. Dean’s about ready to punch something, just to let the energy out, but he can’t move, either.
“Dean,” Cas whispers into the night, his thumb brushing Dean’s cheek. There’s desire in Cas’s low voice, in his black eyes.
“Yes,” Cas breathes as he bumps against the wall. He feels like his grace is exploding, not in a giant all-destroying way, but more like patterns on the backs of his eyelids, fuzzy, like ten thousand small firecrackers going off at once. Two hours ago, he was hoping to never see Dean Winchester again, and
“You idiot,” says Cas, and grabs Dean’s arm. They hold on to each other. They both know there’s no escape. The Empty is covering Dean’s legs and it’s rolling down his scalp and it’s turning his blood black.
Dean explains, hanging up his robe and holding a hand out for Cas’s. “In the house. We all share a bedroom downstairs.”
Cas lifts up onto an elbow. Dean can’t see him through the dark and the rain, even right in front of his face, but he can feel him move and then pause, considering the idea. Then he feels Cas lean down and press a wet kiss to his cheek. Dean smirks victoriously and tilts his nose up into Cas’s cheek for a proper kiss, but Cas escapes to talk in Dean’s ear. “Kissing in the rain,” he says. “What kinds of books have you been reading?”
“Can I have a hug?” Cas asks hoarsely, and it takes Dean a second to realize he’s asking Jack, as Jack slides off the chair and climbs into Cas’s lap, wrapping his tiny arms around him tightly.
Charlie rearranges her skirts. “Yeah, and I’ll tell you what, she can do more than some dumb rice and beans.”
Dean squirms a bit, even though the men across the fire can’t hear them talking in low voices. He doesn’t really like how much Balthazar knows about him already. “Sin came first.”
He’s not happy, he’s not, Dean tells himself as he feeds his family, as they all sit at the same table for the first time in more than five years. He knows it’s a lie, though it’s not that he isn’t sad, too. There’s more than one weepy eye around the table, and they eat quietly. It’s not like it’s a celebration, just the mechanics of life, the necessity of food. Dean’s happy anyway, and he hates himself for it.
“He told me that his daddy used to hit his momma.” Alright, not what he’d expected. “And one day, Bobby shot him instead of watch it happen. He was just a kid; barely even knowed how to shoot.
“—Hey!” Charlie says sharply. “Keep quiet. Both of y’all just calm down. Just— just calm down and talk things through. Dean, ain’t nobody moving out in the middle of the night. Sammy, no yelling. And for Chrissakes, put some more distance between y’all and the house. Now I’m gonna take Krissy back, and y’all are gonna talk this thing through—like
The thought doesn’t cause the reaction Dean expects it to; it used to orient his entire brain, his entire being. All of his instincts used to revolve around John Winchester.
Dean knocks on Cas’s bedroom door as he steps inside and then closes it behind himself. “Beer,” he announces, holding the bottles up.
“Dean, I—wanted to thank you, for saying what you did.” Cas shifts his weight nervously. Dean had offered his love to Cas only half an hour ago, and Cas was already going to test it. Foolishness, certainly. But the risks of not doing so seem too great.
Cold, as Cas shifts further and the blanket lifts. Cas climbs up and pushes him down onto his back. He settles down on top of Dean, and starts petting his hair, like that’s all he wanted to do, like he can’t see Dean panicking beneath him. He leans down and kisses him, but Dean can’t kiss back. He’s not sure he’s breathing.
“Yes, Castiel. I’ll be a good little whore. Good cocksucking whore.” Dean closes his eyes, with effort or impatience, Cas can’t tell. He thumbs at Dean’s lips.
“Not. But Castiel thinks I would be, given the opportunity.” He takes another slow drag, holds it in, then lets it out as he speaks. “He’s right. Not that anything could replace dearest opium.” The smoke whirls out from between his lips, floating up toward the sky and almost concealing the look of bliss on Balthazar’s face.
There are aspects of play that Cas enjoys, and aspects he is not comfortable with (particularly, violence). He tries to put on the character that Dean wants, but finds himself breaking away from it and eventually going completely off-script in an attempt to avoid discomfort and increase communication. It doesn’t work.
Cas kisses Dean languidly and keeps petting his hair as he lowers gently back down onto him. “Kissing in the rain?” he pants in Dean’s ear.
“It’s y’all’s day off,” Dean points out, letting his hands wander lower to grope Cas’s thighs. “Let him sleep.”
Dean tries to ask Cas if he’s alright, he really does, but he’s having a hard time talking as Cas hasn’t stopped fucking him. Dean’s straddling Cas on the floor now, his hat by some miracle just barely on his head, and Cas has his hips in a vice-like grip, fucking into him relentlessly, ferociously, and Dean realizes he has to move fast, because if Cas is gonna fuck him like this—
Cas frowns at him judgmentally, like he’s said the wrong thing, or maybe he thinks Dean has bad taste. “You shouldn’t—“
“Money can solve your problems, Dean. Instead of worrying about where to be all the time, you could buy property in Abilene. A proper ranch, maybe even your father’s ranch. Balthazar and I can be ranch hands. Your siblings, too.”
It’s like a switch flips when the brothers leave, and all the energy in Dean saps away. He finally relaxes, falling onto the bed in a consuming lethargy. Before he knows it, Cas is jostling him awake and the light’s changed outside, though it’s still day, barely.
Of course the next multiverse is going to be far superior to this one. Gonna nip that ‘free will’ problem in the bud. No more souls! Souls were a bad idea from the get-go. To be completely honest with you, I’m not sure I even meant to get those in there in the first place. What we really need is… beautiful people. Wouldn’t you agree? Beautiful people, who do whatever I say. Doesn’t that sound easier?
Dean’s tempted to just kiss him and skip all the talking. But he can’t. He bites his tongue for a second, procrastinating. Cas had said he wanted it. But wanting and doing were different things. Cas beats him to talking.
It’s all Dean can do just to breathe, much less speak. It feels like he’s been stabbed through the chest. He has to force his lungs open and closed like a bellows, and each breath feels like it rips a new tear in his throat. All that time he’d spent over the last few weeks thinking about words, agonizing over them; well, he’s finally face-to-face with Cas and they’re useless to him now. All he can do is stare.
“That feels good, doesn’t it?” Cas asks, kissing his neck, smaller now, gentle like. “Because you waited for me. My good boy waited. So good.”
“Don’t know ‘bout no scotch,” Dean says, “but there’s plenty of whiskey, and bourbon, too, if you know where to look. They got a good selection ‘cross the way. To tell you the truth, most men don’t come in here for the whiskey.”
I was advised to change the title for Reasons, so we've dropped our 'boy' for now and be aware that the title may change again if I can think of a properly inoffensive one... just a heads up.
Cas rubs a circle on Dean’s ass slowly and gently. It’s turning a bright pink. He’s only holding back just enough not to cause damage. He doesn’t think Dean wants him to go easy, but maybe this is too hard if it caused Dean to lose balance.
Cas falls silent with another huff, frustration emanating out of him in waves. Dean kisses the top of his head.
“You don’t say.” Cas leans down to bite at his nipple, making Dean push him away. Here was one way it had helped them, being together every day: Cas was sarcastic with him now.
Dean pulls back just slightly, re-angling his head. He licks at Cas’s bottom lip and Cas realizes at last that he isn’t even kissing back. He drops his mouth open, presses his lips against Dean’s and lets Dean lick into him. Their tongues slide against each other. He closes his mouth around Dean’s bottom lip, sucking lightly as Dean’s mouth opens in a sigh. His hands find their way to Dean’s sides, layers of fabric flattening beneath his fingers, and just like that he’s holding Dean. He’s holding Dean Winchester, and Dean Winchester wants him to. Cas tilts his head, fits his lips against Dean’s more firmly now, and Dean is open, hungry, clinging. It’s a Dean he’s dreamed of before, in his more daring moods, but reality is showing him how utterly inconsequential his dreams were. He could never have imagined the awakening he’s feeling inside, much less the texture of it; the scratch of Dean’s chin against his, the warmth of Dean’s hands, the spit and the sound and the awkwardness of standing, the breaths of air leaving his lips cold one second and then the touch of skin making him impossibly warm once more.
She gives him a look. The woman had a look almost as mean as John’s, and she keeps giving it, not letting up one bit, even as Dean tries his best to look sincere and pitiful. Eventually he gives up with a curse and heads to the door.
Dean pauses drying himself and crouches close in front of him, so their faces are nearly level. “Won’t never lie to you again.”
There’s the cold dribble of oil on his back. Cas’s hands start to work it into his skin, circling out from his spine slowly. Dean starts to relax.
“Uh, Charlie stops by most. Sam’s been sending me letters, once a month. Real good about it, since I done gave him the money. Don’t know if he would, otherwise. We’re always butting heads. Adam… I hain’t spoken to in a bit. Hoping he’ll come around. Still young, you know. Angry. Krissy’s young and angry, too. We don’t talk, really, but she sends little messages through Charlie. Lets me know she’s still mad at me, you know.” Dean flashes a pleased grin at Cas.
—I’m your—” Dean doesn’t even get through the sentence before he’s coming, shuddering on the bedroll, Cas’s eyes like obsidian, watching almost impassively from above, the stars twinkling behind him.
That night, Dean is exhausted to hell again, but conscious enough to kiss Cas anyway; Cas lets him lie there motionless on the ground while he lies on top of him, kissing him soft and gentle, tongues meeting before lips in small, teasing kisses. Dean sighs heavily, with the weight of Cas and the warmth of the night threatening to send him off to sleep. Cas rubs his hips slowly against him, and that catches at Dean’s attention, pulling him back into the kiss.
He raised your damn kid for you when you didn’t have the guts to claim her.” Dean stands. “And you— you weaseled around him, giving Momma a gun, giving me a gun, for what? Just hoping we’d take care of your ‘problem’ for you? Well, congrats! Cas done handled it. You can write him a goddamn thank you card.”
Dean thinks, but it takes too long on its way to his mouth, and by the time it gets there, Sam has him in a massive bear hug.
“It is,” Cas agrees, catching him by the head. “Listen, Jack, could you please go play on the lobby sofa for a few minutes? I’ll be right here if you need anything.”
“Me, too,” Cas whispers. His hand brushes down Dean’s beard gently. His eyes trail across it and Dean’s mouth. “I’m going to have to draw you with this before you shave it.”
Cas’s fingers return to Dean’s rim, rubbing it gently, slicking it up more, maybe. Dean isn’t sure who’s imagining lube, or how, but it’s there; he’s slick and gaping and ready. Cas kisses his knee. “We’ll go slow?” he asks.
“Yeah. Mr. Wright and Mr. Haggerty might feel threatened by people living outside of societal expectations, so we got to pretend.”
Dean doesn’t have the energy to laugh at him. “What did you reckon was gonna happen when you hopped back on there?”
PAN UP from them to the Empty. There’s a STRETCHING sound, like metal under stress. Jack, startled, looks up at the sky, down to his dads, back to the sky. He stands. Something is happening.
The words feel just as good as Dean’s hand. Dean was close to orgasm. Cas was bringing Dean Winchester to orgasm.
What on earth could Dean be talking about, that he needs to be sworn to secrecy? “What favor?” Cas asks, when Dean doesn’t explain further.
“No, just makes him different.” It had used to be Dean. Dean was the one who would obey all their father’s orders, keep the kids in line, make sure the chores got done, make peace or the closest thing to it when Sammy and John butted heads.
They ride into town, a mix of Spanish-style row houses and little pueblos. Everybody else seems to know where they’re headed, so Dean rides slow in the back, letting Baby follow along so he can take in the sights. Once, when they were kids, Bobby had taken him, Charlie, and Sam to Dallas to see a traveling show; that was the only time he’d been to anyplace other than Abilene. Everything in Santa Fe feels so different, like a whole other country. Dean’s used to dinky wooden houses, maybe the occasional fancier thing, like a church or City Hall, but here it seems the Spanish had put a little more thought into how their homes looked when they had owned the territory.
Cas stares into space for a moment, feeling their temperatures come to equilibrium, feeling the beat of Dean’s heart against his back, the even rhythm of Dean’s breathing against his nape. It doesn’t seem real, in the night, in the haze of insomnia. Maybe that’s why he’s able to accept it and eventually relax, leaning into Dean’s body and finally, finally, falling asleep.
lips—touch him again, on the jaw this time, a couple of times. Cas is tempted to pause time itself, but there’s that glass surrounding him; he can’t
I mean, yeah. I know that. But we’re already stuck in Chuck’s plan. Doing nothing means being trapped here forever. At least until he gets bored and gets rid of us.
“Nah. Those things’ll kill you.” His momma had smoked, when none of them was looking, though she’d call cigarettes ‘coffin nails’ in front of the kids. They had killed her father, in the end, and Dean had spent more than one sleepless night wondering if they’d been the thing to kill her, too.
Okay so sorry if there are typos, it is because this is 18.4k words long and i am one human. Every time i edit this it only gets longer so I'm cutting myself off and the mistakes will simply have to get published. Either settle in or plan for breaks.
Cas sighs and stares into Dean’s wide eyes. He’s so desperate, so vulnerable. Cas knows that no one else in the world gets to see him this way. It makes it hard to refuse.
“You were always throwing yourself between him and us, from when we were young. That’s where I learned it from, and Adam, too. And that— I thought it was the most heroic thing in the world. And it was. But when he found you and Lee— remember what you told me, about what he said?”
He’s sitting at a large silver desk covered in little houseplants. There are two other angels already standing in front of the desk. Cas puts down the phone as Dean walks in.
Castiel just stares at Dean with the clearest blue eyes he’s ever seen. Damn. He put bluebonnets to shame.
Cas pulls back so they can look at each other proper. His eyes have gone all big and sad. “You don’t think it’s working.”
Whole goddamn family was broken. Dean needs a drink. A drink and a cigarette and maybe a night in one of those opium dens in New York. He chokes it all back. “I’m sorry,” he says. “I am.”
“Heartbreak. There’s a simple treatment, and I’m not bad at administering it, if I say so myself. Could possibly even work that stick out your ass while I’m at it. Be good for both of us.” Cas looks over, tries to parse what this could possibly mean. A spell to cure heartbreak? Crowley sighs at him.
Dean means it rhetorically, but Cas makes a low, rumbling sound of agreement that sends butterflies through his stomach. Dean grabs the little stool and pulls it over behind Cas’s head. He rolls up his frilly sleeves.
“No. I want to list more of your wonderful attributes. I thought we wouldn’t even be able to be together today, but you immediately knew what to do to fix that. You always know how to comfort me, how to make me feel better. Hell, when we met I hated what I was, but then I saw you—“
To the girls that worked there, however, it was known simply as the house, and that’s what it was. They lived downstairs, in one room all together like a dormitory, in two rows of twin beds. They had a kitchen, where they could all stuff together for meals, a giant laundry room open to the back yard, which always billowed with drying sheets, a private washroom with a large tub, and of course Jo’s office, where they could air their grievances. Jo herself had a bedroom, too, right across from the girls’ in the back of the house, but the girls didn’t go in there unless something unusual was going on. They were all lost, in their own ways, and found by Sister Jo, who kept a roof over their heads and the law off their backs.
“Who’s Bobby?” Cas asks, so Dean tells him how Bobby had been a good friend of his parents, and had helped them out after his momma died, up until John had raged at him and told him to get.
It wasn’t like he had a moral crusade against the stuff. He’s just terrified of it, now more than ever before. He can still feel the ghost of John inside him, telling him to drink up. If he started now, with the ghost still inside him, he’d never stop. But maybe if he waited long enough it’d go off to Christian Hell or Jewish Whatever and leave him clean enough to dirty himself on his own terms. “Wanted to give you these,” says Dean, reaching into the sack and banging down on the table the little Remington pearl derringer and the Colt Navy.
“Better to do it now than when John pitches another fit. Or the folks in town decide they done had enough of me. Or the kids all start to—“
Cas approaches and kneels fluidly before him, not so much as touching his knees for balance. From this angle, Cas’s brow looks especially heavy, almost like he’s frowning, though Dean recognizes the expression as focus.
Dean soars through the next week. He folds up his letters and puts them in his hat, in the inside brim, past a layer of cotton to keep them dry. Whenever a client is less-than-thrilling, which is often, he thinks about Cas. Sure enough the part of Cas’s letter that he’d meant to be erotica is hot, and Dean does in fact masturbate to it, but Dean finds himself thinking more often about the rambling tail to Cas’s letter. Just Cas, sitting in some room in Jackson, writing and thinking and getting himself all hot and bothered.
you are at everything: sweet Dean, loyal Dean, caring Dean. Pancakes and children and dimples, and the sky, and the mountains, and the animals, and the
She considers this for a moment, fiddling with her pocketknife. “What’s it like?” she asks. “Whoring?” There’s a little too much curiosity in it for Dean’s liking.
He flips Cas’s pack open and rifles through his things. Cas always confused him, the way he dealt with his things. It felt like he was always so careful with Dean; Dean could practically picture Cas folding him up and putting him away like a little grandma who liked to keep her tea towels tidy. But his pack was something different— clothes balled up and stuffed in, a shaving kit so haphazardly packed as to be dangerous, pencils and actual, literal rocks rolling loose in the bottom. His books and ink were the only things packed with care in the outside pocket, and even there Dean finds a folder full of loose drawings, barely held together with a ragged shoestring so that half of them are falling out. It seems to be the not-Dean folder: bees and bugs and cowboys and cattle. Dean doesn’t linger on them; the books he leaves, too, after leafing through them to find walls of small black words he didn’t know describing concepts beyond his understanding like religion and photography. He finds the pack of cigarettes wrapped in a ball of socks in the bottom of the bag, and fiddles just with the cardboard, sliding the lid open and shut.
“Out west. In this empty old saloon. People will pay good money to hear someone can play like that. You oughta be in a concert hall in New York—“
“Alright, alright.” Dean leaves Cas’s dick alone, moving to his thigh and sucking a bruise into it. It’s only after Cas’s skin turns red that Dean realizes he’s a poor copy of Cas, having failed to ask permission. Then again, Cas had said he could do anything, and Cas didn’t have any clients to worry about seeing the bruises. He sucks another bruise. Cas was all his. Shifting on the bed, he pours oil into his hand and rubs it into Cas’s crack, trying to keep as much as possible from dripping. Cas gasps at the cold. “Sorry,” Dean mumbles, having forgotten yet another step in his eagerness.
“Hey, fuck you,” Dean starts to say, but Cas’s finger tweaks again inside of him, so it comes out more like “Hey, fuck yeahh hmmmm. Fuck. Yes.” Cas is humming around him, and it feels so good, and Cas keeps going, mouth and finger, and before Dean knows it, he’s coming again, coming long and hard, and Cas, impossibly, hums through the whole thing, taking it and taking it and then sucking even after Dean is done, until Dean’s whining and twitching and begging him to stop, then he pops off but keeps moving his finger inside Dean slowly, just stretching rather than fucking.
“Well, now that all three of us could potentially be arrested and tried for sodomy—and Dean, for assault—returning to the scene of the crime does seem enticing.”
“Mm.” Dean languors in it, best as he can without moving, compensating with his voice. “I know you will. Gets me excited just thinking about it, thinking about you, looking at me like that. Looking at me the way you’re looking now.
“Yes.” Cas leans up and kisses him again, gently brushing their lips together before pressing more firmly. Like he can’t not do it. Like all he wants is to kiss Dean.
complaining about the taste. He didn’t even like it, but he still—” Cas’s brow furrows. “I suppose any drug will do.”
“How d’you say ‘these goddamn queers are driving me plum crazy’ in Yiddish?” Dean asks lowly in Cas’s ear.
“I got you,” Dean whispers, turning them so that Cas’s back is to the wall now. “I got you, baby.” He kisses Cas, then kneels before him on the dirty ground, next to their forgotten shopping bags. He can hear the rush of cars on the road, the buzz of an air conditioner somewhere nearby. The grit of the ground digs painfully into his knees.
“Dean,” Cas moans. He’s forgotten how to speak other words. He doesn’t even know what he’s trying to say. It feels so
“No,” Sam agrees. “She’s confused, I think. Daddy’s been the nicest he’s ever been to her, past couple days. Nicest I’ve ever seen him.”
Dean hums and sucks a bruise into him, just like Cas had done when they met. He isn’t sure what exactly Cas is so nervous about; it’s hard for him to remember a time when he worried about his own ass, though Dean knows he had, once. He could tell Cas to relax, again. Tell him it won’t hurt. He could just start sucking him off and hope that does it. He could remind Cas that they can always just fuck if he can’t relax enough to enjoy it.
“Like we was talking about before.” Dean looks down, suddenly shy. “Can fuck every night. Have time to talk instead of just fighting. I can see the mountains up there.”
The kid twists his toe against the floor and keeps looking at his toys as he speaks. “No. I like it because it’s fun. Everybody plays it. But Daddy says that manifest destiny is horseshit and we stole all this land from the Indians, so when I play I should make the Indians win or make them be friends with the cowboys and share.”
“Who’s kvetching? I’m not kvetching. All I’m saying is, maybe if you spent less time staring at your boy, and more time actually listening to me, we could have a productive conversation—“
A twinkly keyboard plays. There’s a soulful guitar behind it. Then, kneeling on the bed, passionately, shirtlessly, Dean begins to sing.
You’re a good writer, Chuck, you just— you keep forcing your idea of what the story should be. But things don’t always turn out how you expect. And that’s a good thing. You said so yourself. You said it’s true, and you just have to let it out.
“Yes.” Cas pulls back his hand and Dean collapses back down with a sigh. “You’re not obligated to come.”
Dean has to pause, blink, inspect his slippers and turn the sentence inside out and backwards before he can meet Cas’s gaze. When he does, Cas is smiling bigger, self-satisfied. So he
It’s easier than he’d expected, walking towards oblivion. It seems easy for the people watching him, too. Maybe that’s because it’s right. Maybe he never really fit among them, and now, this would fix everything. This was his contribution, to the good, normal, not-so-fucked-up-as-him people—to remove himself from their world entirely. He and the Darkness could go together, and leave the rest to live their lives in peace. His ghosts would be forever quiet. He wouldn’t feel ever again.
“Plum thrilled. Thought she’d’a gone and forgot me. Last I saw her she was… seven? You ever have a twelve year old girl come two hours to see you? On her own? In the middle of the night? After five years of jack? And ask you for
Cas crawls back toward his face, running a hand through his hair and kissing his cheek delicately. “Do you want me to shut you up?”
Cas breathes an exasperated sigh. “You didn’t tell me when your hands fell asleep, either. I’ve never seen such incautious behavior.”
Cas turns and glares at him. “Of course I want you to, you dumbass. You absolute buffoon.” Dean would laugh at the word, but Cas is looking at him as seriously as he’s ever seen. Cas comes to him and puts a hand on his shoulder. He speaks quickly and emphatically. “I want you to come along, and impress Garth, and get signed into the contract with a starting bonus, and then spend the next ten weeks with me on the range, and keep me warm every night, even though it’s hot. And if that goes well we can ask him to send us farther north and west, to a place so far out there no one will care if we’re together ever again, and people like Fergus and my parents won’t be able to find us, and we can just be ourselves. And I want us to save up enough to buy land in the rockies and build a little homestead, and—“
They both go to the outhouse and do their business, quite a picture with Dean freezing his ass off in just the robe and then Cas, shirt unbuttoned and no hat on his head, standing alone in the yard. Then Dean leads Cas by the hand to the washroom and locks him in. He rushes back to room three to grab some oil, just in case, and hurries back.
“Happy hour is a hunter’s bread and butter,” Dean goes on, animated now. “Look. Early in the night, when people are just getting off work, bars give discounts to get them to come in before heading home. It’s perfect for hunters. Happens after the legwork but before the monsters come out.”
“How are your hands?” Cas demands immediately after swallowing, standing up and reaching behind Dean’s back to fiddle with the knots.
“Come on,” mutters Sam, walking in the direction of Cas and Balthazar, and so Dean forces his feet up from where they’re planted in the ground, gathers up Sue-Anne’s reins, and follows Sam, uncocking the derringer in his pocket as he goes.
Once they are both settled in the backseat, Dean stares at Cas seriously, and begins removing his overshirt.
Shit, and he’s thought so much he’s forgotten to talk pretty. Must be something about taking baths garbled him up. He puts a smile on. “Whatever you want, darlin’. Reckon you’re my new favorite customer.” He starts lathering Cas’s face.
“That’s one less thing to worry about, anyway—” Bal gives it a positive tone and leans toward Cas as he says it— “won’t get arrested.”
Usually Dean walks upstairs ahead of his clients; it lets them get a good look at his ass and anything else they might be interested in. But for Castiel, poor nervous thing, Dean reaches down and leads him by the hand out of his seat and up the stairs. He makes sure to make eye contact with Sister Jo, to mouth “tiger” at her, with a glance toward the brother. Not standard operating procedure, of course; they generally didn’t send Dean or Benny behind the tiger, to avoid trouble, but hey, Dean wasn’t your standard operator. He was a fucking savant, and Jo couldn’t fire him so long as he made her money.
Cas leads him to the camp, where Balthazar is waiting with two other men and the herd of grazing longhorns.
But Cas slowly moves out of him, causing Dean to shudder. His fingers circle Dean’s hole, which gapes hungrily whenever a finger passes over.
Dean pulls back, feeling too much. “You know it’ll be easier,” he says against Cas’s cheek. “If you just leave now. It’ll be easier.”
Sad blue eyes. Wide and deep bags underneath them. A nose straight enough to cut steel, little pink lips that are dry from Texas heat, hair that’s been left long enough to curl to the man’s chin. Short but thick black scruff that Dean knows hides a sharp jawline underneath.
Dean gets himself fresh underwear and some sleep pants, and asks Cas’s preference of the same, but Cas doesn’t know what that would be, and ultimately Dean decides for him that nakedness is the best choice for now. Dean gets into bed, holding up the covers for Cas, and Cas, unable to believe any of this is really happening, crawls into bed with Dean Winchester. The sheets are cool around him as he slides in. Dean is watching him with a relaxed smile, eyes glancing down to his bare body and then flicking back up to his face as Cas lies down. He lets the blanket fall over them, and Cas rests his head against the pillow. Dean is so beautiful, so perfect, and he’s staring at him like—
about how he was always drinking, about how she only just found out he’d planned to marry Krissy off for the money because don’t nobody tell her nothing, about this and that and the other thing and Dean can feel the air refilling his lungs bit by bit.
“It’s okay, Cas, you don’t have to—“ Dean starts to tell him, but then Cas licks him in one long movement from base to tip, meeting Dean’s eyes halfway through, and Dean can’t speak. “—Mm,” he finishes his sentence, trying not to moan aloud. Cas’s lips surround Dean’s tip. His tongue swirls around it gently. Dean shudders. “Hell,” he sighs. Cas’s eyes are still staring back up at him. Dean can’t read the expression in them, but he doesn’t care much at this point. They’re beautiful and erotic, and he can’t help but egg Cas on. “Oh, please keep going.” Cas hums, as if to ask Dean if he’s sure, and the feel of it on his tip makes Dean moan. “Please, please, Cas.” And Cas doesn’t tease him any longer. He swallows Dean down, surprisingly deep, and sucks as he moves back up, and Dean is in crisis. He wants to fall back, to relax against the mattress and let the pleasure take him, but he has to watch. He has to watch as those angelic lips surround him, sucking and slurping and humming and driving him insane. He has to watch those blue eyes staring up at him. “Shit, Cas. You never told me you were so— ah!— dirty. Oh-mmm. Yes.
It takes a little more coaxing, but Cas gets up, hair long enough to fall in his face now. He goes behind the trees to piss and comes back, eyes still squinted shut. They pack up and get dressed, and Cas slowly starts to turn into something resembling himself again. Dean leads them out of the creekbed, and they meander back to town.
But Cas sinks down into the near-scalding water without need for any further encouragement, eyes closed, taking to the bath like a fish to water. He groans lowly.
“What time is it?” Dean asks as Cas wipes between them with one of the damp towels. The sun wasn’t up yet.
“I’m new to it all. He’s— Jack’s mother— she wasn’t mentally capable of taking care of him anymore. It’s only been a few weeks, me taking care of him.”
But now Dean is picturing blowing Cas, the feel of him hard in his mouth, knowing that Cas was watching as he got on his knees and serviced him. Dean’s hand gains momentum. He imagines the feeling of Cas’s hand on the back of his head, holding him in place. “Hell yes you would, Cas. You’re so sexy, Cas.”
Cas’s ghost was just one of many, but it held a special place in his heart. Cas didn’t have to be dead, to haunt Dean.
“—Oh. Oh, shit, sorry.” Dean gets up and kneels over Cas. He kisses Cas’s cock gently. It’s salty, ready. Dean looks back up to check on Cas, but as he does so realizes there’s no need to be so careful. Cas isn’t the same angel he hooked up with all those years ago. He no longer looks afraid of, or overwhelmed by, sex. He’s looking down seriously, more like an eagle-eyed foreman than some timid virgin, and Dean isn’t sure what that expression is exactly, but there’s something about it that sets his heart beating fast. Dean looks away and drops down, opening Cas’s legs so he can suck one of his balls gently. Above him, Cas moans quietly, almost a sigh. Dean swirls his tongue, tries to make it good, tries to make himself worth Cas’s time. By the time he takes Cas’s cock into his mouth, Cas is practically snapping at him to get to it, panting and impatient with want, a celestially powerful hand guiding him over to his work, and Dean goes to it gladly, mindlessly, and a little more in love with Cas than ever before.
“Right.” Dean tries to keep the disappointment from his voice. “That bad, huh?” He starts portioning out the booze.
wants to beg and plead and give Cas everything. But most of him is surprisingly patient, happy. They have all of eternity together. He gets to keep Cas here, in this bed. “Baby. Will you make love to me?”
Dean doesn’t have an answer. Everything seems monumentally huge, close but also impossibly far, an impassable distance away, and words were a raging ocean in the way that he couldn’t possibly harness in order to pass. Cas waits a long time, several minutes maybe, but Dean can’t get his shit together. He just stands there like a jackass. Finally Cas speaks again, familiar words.
What is real, anyway? I mean, you’re all just stuff I made up. Sane people would call you ‘fiction.’
Dean looks down at his chest without surprise. “Sure. That’s what happens to a man rubs all up on a wool blanket.”
“Do you think your father is one for paperwork?” Cas asks, nearly jolting Dean out of his happy state.
Dean raises his head again, resting his forehead against Cas’s, sharing breath. He rubs Cas’s groin gently. Cas’s eyes are closed now, his breath shallow.
And just like that everything is alright again. A small laugh escapes Dean’s chest. “You gonna start talking like a real cowpoke now?”
And then Cas, in his low, tobacco-grit voice, says, “Thank you, Dean,” and Dean has to blink a bit in wonder at just how obedient he’s being. Cas stands and drops his britches, stepping out of them delicately. Nude, he approaches the chair Dean had moved, but Dean clicks his tongue and Cas stops at the sound, standing stock still in front of the chair.
Dean doesn’t deny it. “She come out to visit me one night a few months back. I told her not to do it again. She started sending letters instead.”
They kiss, Dean holding the hat nearly on the back of Cas’s head. Cas pulls away a minute later. “Gonna ride you like a buckin’ bronco,” he says in his Texas accent.
There’s the sound of a frustrated sigh through the speaker. “…What do you enjoy having your partner do to your body?” Dean can feel blood rushing to his head, and is glad Cas isn’t there to see it.
Later, Cas seeks him out in private, looking for some small redemption and doing his best to ignore his true motive. The tape is a good excuse, a thing of Dean’s that had been loaned to Cas for the sake of one trip, its return now long overdue.
“Don’t ask stupid questions.” They stare at each other for a while, then Cas blinks and sighs, folding their hands together. “I have to head out in the morning.”
“Never asked you what your daddy does,” Dean adds, leaning against the stove while he waits for the water to boil.
“Bonita,” Balthazar chants, while Cas shakes his head and lifts a tortilla dunked in red chile to his mouth. “Bonita, Cas. Bonita.”
Dean kisses Cas and steps out of the bath. He drips around the house looking for towels, and by the time he brings one back to Cas he’s shivering and Cas isn’t exactly warm, either.
Dean’s will finally breaks after their failed attack on Amara; he’s crouched down next to Cas’s body, a hand on Cas’s shoulder, expecting Lucifer to answer, but it’s Cas’s voice that says his name.
Cas makes a complaining sound, but reaches above his head. He can’t actually reach the top of the headboard to grab, but he flattens his hands against it.
“You make it easy,” Dean purrs, rubbing him harder and kissing his cheek. “Not every day I get a handsome thing like you all to myself.”
“Yes, because I was in love with you. Because I couldn’t tell you that without risking the Empty killing us both. Because you wanted me to hurt you, and I didn’t—“
A man comes in to Sister Jo’s, early, before the rush, when Dean’s working the bar and the girls are still hanging around at the tables and Benny hasn’t bothered showing up yet. He’s a little guy around Dean’s age, all in black and with a gaucho hat on his head. Leaving the hat on, he gives the room a look-around before eyeing Dean and walking up to take a seat at the bar. Up close, Dean can see silver and leather decorations on his shirt, which is about ten times cleaner than the usual customer’s. Money.
“You want me yelling your business in the street?” John asks, that same old accusatory look on his face. “Fine. Have it your way. Here, how about you explain this to me—” and John holds a sheet of paper up to his face and reads—“‘It’s so awful here. I can’t stand to even look at Daddy.’” His eyes flick back up to Dean’s, but Dean doesn’t get it yet. John goes on. “‘I wish I could run off and work in a whorehouse like you.’” John pauses again and this time it makes Dean’s boiling blood run ice cold. “‘I know I oughtn’t say it, but you seem much happier there, and
“My dear,” says Balthazar, approaching Jo and giving her a pleading look, “If you could please spare me this torment. I've a coupon.”
“No. He— we attended the same university. He was my first— I mean, I didn’t know, what was wrong with me, until him.”
“Mm.” Cas takes the hint and goes back to sucking, hand moving in a twisting motion now that makes Dean breathe quick and shallow.
Crowley lifts his glass and Dean mirrors the gesture. They sip, and Crowley smacks his lips. “Tell me. Are there any other men who work in this charming establishment?”
“Right.” Cas could assume as much. “And if he doesn't find something? If you run out of time—Could either of you kill an innocent?” Cas knows the answer even as he says it.
in the middle of a hotel bar, so they both just think it to themselves, then Cas frowns. “You could have found me,” he says. “Crowley was advertising his products across the country. Garth knew where I was, too. You could have reached me.”
He gets down on hands and knees on the bed, and Cas leans over him, circling Dean’s rim with a finger, kissing at his scar and whispering sweet nothings onto it. “My darling man. My sweet boy. You like to get fucked, don’t you? Like to do what I say. My good little whore boy.”
They shift, so Dean can lift his arms above his head. Cas takes his wrists in one hand and holds them against the headboard. “Like this?”
“When he was really young, it seemed cruel to say that I knew where his father was, but that he didn’t want to see him. And then once Balthazar died… His mother and I didn’t see any point to it.”
Dean can’t help but smile bashfully, even as he blows air out his mouth at Cas’s half-Texan twang. The other boys were gonna eat him alive, weren’t they? He isn’t sure he remembers how to act like a man.
In the morning, Dean tries to breathe deeply, to pretend he’s still asleep. He waits for the pain, for the telltale flinch to give him away as awake and give Cas the excuse to get up. It doesn’t come. Maybe Michael was tired, too.
He heads into room three and locks the door behind him. He only has a minute, so he goes ahead and strips himself of his britches, unlocks the chest in the corner, and finds himself a pair of frilly underthings to slide on. Sure, he doesn’t know if Castiel likes girly underwear, but if he’s gonna get tied up, Dean wants to look pretty doing it. He debates about leaving his top half composed, figuring some guys liked to strip him, and eventually decides he can only go whole hog and takes it all off. He puts his hat back on, lays himself out on the bed, and waits.
“Don’t want a robe to yourself? That’s fine, tough guy like you. Wear all the britches you want.” Dean breezes into the room and past Cas, gathering up Cas’s shirt and draping it on his shoulders for him. He leaves his own clothes in a puddle on the floor. “Come on, leave that; I’ll show you around.”
The hardest part of being human isn’t the awareness of his own mortality. Nor is it the never-ending maintenance, the near-constant need to either eat or urinate, or even the feelings, always doing something or other to his body (humans always spoke of emotions in contrast to the body, but Cas finds them to be extremely physical things).
“I—felt guilty, that’s why. Knowed I shouldn’t’a done it soon as it was done. Shouldn’t’a yelled at you about it, neither.” Dean buries his head back in his hands. He’d meant to apologize, to play nice. He hadn’t meant to pull out the John Winchester rage, hadn’t even known it was there, but of course it was always there, bubbling beneath the surface, just waiting for Cas to fuck up. “I’m sorry,” he says again. “Didn’t mean to rip out on you like that.”
“Piece of shit.” Bobby groans as he sits there on the step next to him. He pulls a flask from his pocket and offers it to Dean. Dean waves him off. Bobby takes a sip. “Man can’t even mourn his own father in dignity.”
Dean doesn’t respond. Cas smacks the dresser with the crop, as close to Dean as he can get without hitting him.
So, then I lost Jessica, and it was just the two of us, all alone out there. I just. I think we’ve done pretty well for ourselves, all told. I think we made it.
“Let’s not bug your daddy about this, huh, kid?” Dean proposes, but Cas goes back by Jack’s chair and kneels again, just like he had before.
“They ain’t,” Dean agrees. He watches as Cas finishes washing him. There’s a thought bouncing around his head. He shouldn’t say it out loud, not in the bath. He keeps on getting too emotional with Cas in the bath. But.
to be in the car at all, annoying Cas with his inane chatter; he could easily teleport to California and spare them both the headache. “I’m over him, anyway,” Crowley continues dismissively. “I’m over both of them. It’s back to dear old hedonism for me. Not that you’d know anything about that. You’re more into denial, I suppose. You’ve a distinct sado-masochist bent, am I right?” Cas looks at him from the corner of his eye. Crowley always talks about the world through the lens of sex, so it’s hard to tell if he is actually asking about Cas’s sexual proclivities or just insulting Cas’s personality. Crowley doesn’t wait for an answer either way. “You’d have to be, to keep chasing after him for so long. You know if you get off on
still feels so new to Dean, and suddenly there’s so much of it and all he can do is grip Cas tight in his hands and think thoughts too humiliating to speak aloud.
It must show on his face, because Cas very quickly couches. “Or not. It’s fine. You’ve done more than enough.” Cas starts to get up and Dean presses down on his shoulder with a dramatic sigh.
“Nope.” Dean pops the ‘p’ and opens his eyes. He runs his fingers through Cas’s hair. “Better ’n fine.”
Remember what you said, about when you came to get me from Stanford? How you waited outside for hours. I’ve been thinking… about how scared you must’ve been. You didn’t have anyone in the world except for me.
Sister Jo pauses with her manicured hand on the doorknob. She looks up at him from under wet hair, smaller than he’s ever seen her. “Congratulations,” she says. She opens the door and waits there for him to leave.
Dean is kissing him, and talking, and little of it is registering except when he calls Cas sexy, which does get through somehow and he moans eagerly. Sexy. Dean Winchester thinks he’s sexy. But then Dean lets go of him, and Cas whines in complaint— he’d been so close, he could feel it—and then Dean is back, and something long and hard rubs against him and oh yes. Yes, yes. This was it, this was everything. Cas could come in half a second, like this.
Dean can’t help but smile back. And wasn’t that what everyone wanted, someone to do laundry with? Sure as shit John had never done a lick of laundry, not in Dean’s lifetime, anyway, but here Cas had offered to help and when Dean told him it was a one-man job, had kept him company, and when they finish Cas helps him hang the sheets to dry. Dean insists on seeing the sketches after and stares for a moment, bemused at the image of himself with his sleeves rolled up and arms stuck in a tub like some farmer’s wife.
“A compelling theory,” Cas whispers back teasingly. “But I’m afraid you’ll have to submit more evidence.”
“May as well get wet,” Dean advises as Bal continues hitting at the stakes uselessly. “Hotter than blue blazes.” He stirs the pot he’s been minding and thinks of another one. “So hot the hens are laying hard-boiled eggs.” Bal ignores him to hit another stake, missing his mark and bending it in half. “Hotter than whoopee in woolens,” Dean tries. That one gets him an exasperated look from Cas, who’s splayed out flat on his bedroll while Dean cooks and Balthazar wastes his time, but Dean’s got plenty more left. “Hey. Hot as me on the Fourth of July. Wait. When’s the Fourth of July?”
Cas’s lips are warm now and Dean fits his own against them easily, gently. By rights, Cas should be mocking him, or kicking him to the curb, not holding him this way, close and warm and gentle, like a lover instead of a guy he occasionally deigned to fuck.
Jo doesn’t say anything; she just sits behind her desk, opens a drawer, pulls out some paper, and begins writing on it.
“Forgot you was so smart,” Bobby mumbles, which would piss Dean off, but he’s too busy thinking, trying to draw a timeline, fighting against the years to think of the periods when John left home or got himself jailed, when he and Mary had fought, when Bobby had visited, but there’s so many, and then he’s giving up on it and staring at Bobby instead, at his scraggly beard. At the red in it.
Cas raises an eyebrow. “I don’t think that would be very pleasant for you. I’ve been riding all day.”
Dean loses the ability to speak coherently as Cas slides back into him. This position is so good, Dean can feel Cas deep inside, the steady rhythm of his cock fucking easily in and out at this angle. Cas lifts Dean’s head again, and Dean strains up, toward Cas, away from the pain. He strains against the fabric on his wrists just to feel it. Cas starts to fuck him harder and Dean begins to rub against the blanket, scratchy and solid, just enjoying the sensation and the way he can feel Cas’s movements with so much of his body. They pick up the pace again, gasping, going harder, Cas slapping against his ass, reaching deeper inside of him, Dean sliding quickly against the blanket, still gonna get rug burn, just not so bad. His scalp burns, too, neck stretched and vulnerable and straining. It occurs to Dean that Cas could snap his neck like this if he wanted to. It’s hard for him to care. It feels so good, so goddamn good. His orgasm is so close, hell, his orgasm has been close for days, but Cas isn’t touching him; his dick is flopping in the air while Cas just fucks him helpless, mindless, godless. He smacks Dean’s ass with each thrust; harder, harder, harder.
“You want me to punish you?” Cas asks, cupping his cheek delicately. Dean was right, after all. He was good at it.
“Either she was genuinely trying to seduce me, or she was testing me, too. I’m not entirely sure which.”
“Mm.” Cas lifts him and puts a pillow under his hips, then circles him with a finger, making sure he’s still loose and relaxed, then he presses fully into him again, making Dean gasp. They start to move together.
He squints at himself in the mirror. He’s had all day to wonder if Dean could have meant anything by sharing his bed. He’s come up with no answers.
“It ain’t nothing to talk about.” Dean just starts walking, and Cas starts following. After a few minutes, something brushes Dean’s fingers, and it’s Cas’s hand, and so Dean holds it and they resume their linked walking formation.
“Shit.” Dean sits back, his plan foiled. “How d’you herd all them cattle, anyway, if you don’t never get up?”
Yeah, okay, I get that. But I still say it’s redundant. Obviously a scribe knows what letters are. What is that?
Dean awakens with Cas wrapped around his waist, the sun blaring in his eyes, birds screaming up a storm, and his bladder complaining. He squints and blinks up into the clear sky. Now that he’s awake, he doesn’t understand how he can have slept through it all: the bright sun, the chirping birds, the hard ground, Cas’s body, hot and sweaty around him.
SUPER CLOSE on Chuck’s forehead, between the eyes; we slowly zoom out as he speaks. As we do, we see that Chuck has made up a little writer’s room in the clearing with a long table, chairs for him and Sam, and a white board for him to brainstorm. It’s not covered in words, but math and diagrams.
“Oh, Dean, love. Hasn’t Cassie ever told you? He’s a true artist.” Sure, Dean knew that. Man was drawing constantly. “Not only is he a photographer; he’s a creative one.”
“Put them down.” Cas sits next to Dean on the bed and takes his hands, rubbing them slowly back to feeling. Dean watches. He’s beginning to feel a little breathless.
Cas launches into a lecture on butterflies, explaining the great distances they travel and the mysteries as to why and how they do it. He talks about the magnetic field of the Earth, the position of the sun, the timing of the seasons. He explains that it’s a unique phenomenon, that other butterfly species pupate over winter. He wonders at what it must be like, to travel in such numbers. He speculates at the social abilities of such creatures. He imagines what it must feel like, to travel such a distance and always know you’re exactly where you’re meant to be. He explains that he’d learned all of this recently, by taking Jack to a private library in Jackson, because the kid had been interested in them, too.
Balthazar waves his hand in the air. “Oh, just that I was a friend of Sam’s from school, passing through town.”
“Talk to me, Dean. Please.” He’s giving Dean the eyes. The time-to-have-a-heart-to-heart eyes. The you-can-tell-me-anything eyes. The I’m-your-best-friend eyes. Dean hates it.
“There’s a pharmacist down the street from here,” says Balthazar. “The liquid stuff isn’t as quick, or as strong, but it’ll get the job done. And do you know what keeps me from going right this second? The fact that I don’t have any money, and the knowledge that my little brother is watching me from across the room, and will—no,
“Always am, sweetheart,” Dean winks, as casual as he can manage. “Just remembered I gotta give you your money’s worth. Ain’t got a lot of time left. Here.” He holds out a towel.
“I’ll say it is,” Dean agrees. “God bless you with anything else?” Dean’s hand wanders low. Real low.
And now Dean knows he’s a sinner, more than he was for the whoring, or the men, or gambling or stealing or anything he’s done in his life, because he’s happy, in that moment, to be hugging his sister and not afraid for it. Even as they mourn, he’s happy, and he knows without a doubt if there was justice in the world, he’d be going to hell. He’d go to hell and get put in a spot right next to John and they’d cuss each other out for eternity, even as demons ripped them open.
“Sweet thing,” Dean accuses, kissing Cas’s neck, now smooth and smelling of shaving cream. “I’m supposed to be the one taking care of you.”
“The one in the dirty boots who’s in love with you, yes. Castiel used to be a cynic,” Balthazar explains, as if that’s a good thing to be. “He used to hate everyone and everything. He and I used to spend hours talking together, mercilessly eviscerating the people we hated. Now all he talks about is you, and how
Cas lies there on him, breathing through his open mouth like a toddler. Dean can’t stand to lie still, but he doesn’t want to move, either.
When Dean pulls away Cas is smiling that soft, contented smile that Cas saves for when things are going well. Dean doesn’t get to see it very often. He has these huge bags under his eyes, and his hair is messed up, but it looks good on him. It all looks good on him.
Dean shrugs, like it was no big deal. “Had to tell him eventually, right?” Dean’s throat feels weirdly dry. He keeps eyeing the spot on the bed next to Cas.
“Cas.” Dean puts a hand on Cas’s mouth. “You can’t fix everything. Not ever. Definitely not tonight. Too hot to think, anyhow.”
He takes a deep breath. It’s been months since he’s seen Cas. Had Cas really been here that whole time? Alive and well and away from him? There’s a frustration building inside of his belly. He isn’t sure whether to be angry or happy.
“Promise?” Dean shoots him a smile, and Cas meets it for a second before looking away, bashful. “You asked what I wanted to do,” Dean nudges him gently with his shoulder. “I wanna meet ‘foolhardy’ Castiel.”
“I’ve been sleeping good,” Cas confirms. “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to eating the same food every day, though. I am coming to appreciate the sights, as the seasons change. You were right; the land is beautiful. There’s so much sky out here.”
Dean can’t blame him. He isn’t feeling too optimistic, either. Neither of them says what they’re thinking, that John’s mistrust of the authorities only meant that he planned to take justice into his own hands.
“Think Bela’s got three, bless their hearts. Ruby is, ah, in a bit of a dry spell. Donna’s always falling for some shithead john don’t care one whit about her.”
Dean smiles. He wants to kiss Cas, but they’re on the street. He pushes him instead. Cas squeezes his shoulder. They go inside.
Dean obeys, rolling his hips mindlessly upwards as Cas pulls out of him and they slide slowly down the bed again.
Cas wraps him in his coat, like Dean’s a college girl who didn’t wear enough layers to the bar crawl. The urge to save his pride loses to the need to be close; Dean lets Cas do what he wants. He stares into Cas’s eyes, so close, blue and innocent and joyful. The last time they’d been this close, Cas had played him with those eyes.
It takes more than a minute to convince Sister Jo to hand over the washroom key. There was only one key to the washroom, and only one person was supposed to use it at a time, though four girls plus Dean and Sister Jo lived in the house. They were all supposed to bathe at least once a week and even more if they wanted to, since Jo had a well on the property and the water was free.
The sheriff nods and tosses the gun down on the foot of his bed. Full? Empty? Dean’s fingers burn to touch it. “I can see your skull’s thicker than a steel beam,” says the sheriff. “Alright, no more questions. Now I want you to take a look at something, and tell me what you make of it.”
“—Enough, you…”—he’s so set on cutting Crowley off that he doesn’t have an insult prepared— “ass-fiend.”
Just sending it seems to send the anger fluttering away with it and replace it with anxiety, anxiety about whether it’d reach Cas in time— he’d put it off for too long—, about what Cas would say, whether he’d been too nice or too mean, everything tangling in his brain and his chest and his stomach. His mental rages get replaced by mental other things; memories of sex, of holding each other after, of Cas’s quiet little laugh and gentle eyes.
The first night back in the bunker feels glorious, nothing tense about it, just comfort, just the possibility of sleep, finally, blissful sleep, as Dean’s arm wraps around him once again.
Dean cringes so hard, he has to laugh. “Quit that, you. Ain’t no bronco.” He runs a hand down Cas’s chest. “I’m your boy.”
“Alright?” he asks, because some people don’t like that, moving back up to the middle of Cas’s thigh and giving it a kiss.
The building is all white and silver and modern-looking; there’s lights everywhere, set into the walls and floors. Dean initially dismisses it as some boring aesthetic for people who own a summer home— and then he notices a tv playing Scooby Doo. Jack.
After Dean’s visit, Cas goes to bed. It takes him a moment to remember how. He removes his coat and lies down on top of the blankets and waits for the pounding exhaustion in his head to go away.
“I just….” Cas closes his eyes. “I wish I could help everyone. Or just the two of you. Hell, just one of you.”
“No, Sam. This is some real bullshit, Jo; you know that? After everything I done for you? Five years, I gave to you!”
Sam doesn’t even let Dean drive. He’s fragile cargo now, a literal bomb. Cas is next to him in the backseat, escorting him to his doom.
Dean shrugs. He’d planned to head back to Campbell Ranch the next day, but it wasn’t like he was needed there. “Long as you like, darlin’.”
The Empty shrieks, but Dean has it now, he thinks he’s figured it out, and he reaches his other hand out to Cas, grabs on to him, and starts to pray.
“Hey.” Dean reaches a hand back so he can hit Balthazar’s thigh. “I got a smoke in my pack. The outside pocket.” Balthazar goes to get it. Dean leans up onto his elbows despite his sore stomach muscles. Cas is sitting ten yards away, close to the fire, talking to Tagg. Like he doesn’t want to be seen talking to Dean or something. Balthazar sits back down beside him with the cigarette, lighting it up and taking a drag with a relaxed sigh. “Here,” says Dean. “I’ll hate on people with you. Who we hatin’ on?” He hopes it’s Tagg.
Dean yells as he comes, the orgasm ripping through him suddenly, come spurting onto his chest, dick emptying onto him, and his ass still feels good, oversensitive and tingly, and Cas is fucking him harder than ever, he has to be close to coming, he
“Real lonely without you here, sweetheart,” Dean answers, his usual response to a comment like that. He touches Cas’s arm, but Cas just makes a dismissive hum and busies himself getting undressed. Dean brushes off the cold shoulder and chats about how the weather had been real wet and cold, so they must’ve had a terrible time of it out there. Cas just hums agreement distantly. All in all, a weird way to treat a whore you paid by the quarter-hour.
“I don’t—“ Cas’s brow furrows. “They won’t be able to pay you. That would be a fraction of two different routes—“
Cas scoots down him and starts massaging his ass, and that really makes Dean curse his sore muscles.
Can’t you? I mean, you used to kill monsters in Purgatory. And Chuck did something to the souls that used to be here. And—
“I realize that. You have to sit back, though, so I can see your face.” He hadn’t even made Cas blink.
“No, there’s”—he’s interrupted by the POP! of the cork—“no need to waste it on me,” Cas finishes dryly. Dean spits it into his hand.
“You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen,” Cas says. “I think it every time I see you. You should know.”
There he was. It was a pretty good likeness, done in dark, bold strokes. He understands now why Cas had flipped the page a few times; there aren’t actually very many lines on the paper for all that sketching. For all that Cas had seemed like a careful person, there was a recklessness to his style: just a few bold, curving lines, communicating as efficiently as possible. The subject of so much angst—his bulge—in the end was only one small curve, but Cas was right. It was important to get right. And it was sexy as hell. There was just a small bit of smudged charcoal at the tip of it, making it look wet. Cas had also smudged along his thighs to represent bruises, and shaded in his lips and eyes. He looked good. He looked hot.
“His work.” Crowley hands Dean a photograph, and Dean looks at it for less than a second before dropping it and pushing it away across the table. It had been a picture of Crowley, naked, but it
“I—“ He has to force it out, all of his feelings from the last few months, one word at a time, as if saying it made the failures more real. “Dean, I just keep failing. Again and again. When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn't find you. And then Kelly escaped on my watch, and I couldn't find her. And I just wanted—I
Cas lets himself be inspected. Dean looks him over thoroughly; his shoulder where he’d pushed him, his wrist where he’d held him, his spine, where Dean had forced him to the rug. Only the last was red and swollen, going to bruise, if Dean had to guess.
Dean is genuinely surprised to hear this. Jack holds his arms back out and this time Dean accepts the hug. He’s surprised when Jack clings to him before letting go. This kid is too good for this world. They separate.
Cas takes another sip. “I do. At maybe three, four in the morning. Then I go back to sleep.” There’s something delicious about Cas’s voice in the morning, even lower and grittier than normal, but more vulnerable, too.
“It was hot,” Dean says definitively, sending residual fireworks through Cas’s heart. “God, Cas, you were so hot.” He pulls him close and they kiss. It doesn’t feel quite so overwhelming now, just nice. Just good. The kiss ends and Cas stares at Dean, at the smile on his face, thinking about the emotional honesty he’d displayed that day. He was so beautiful, so happy. Cas wants to keep him this happy forever.
Cas sits up and puts his stocking feet on the floor. He walks around Dean’s prostrate body to his closet, where he retrieves his shoes and, from the very back, hidden by garment bags, the riding crop and a pair of flimsy toy handcuffs. There are other things back there as well, but Cas doesn’t need them. He only takes the crop because Dean has very specifically requested pain.
Even as Dean watches, Cas reaches a hand down to touch himself. He nearly pulls his fingers completely out.
Cas fucks him. Again. And again. His rhythm is slow, the movements hard and purposeful and pleasurable and frustrating. He keeps drawing slowly out before slapping, hard, back in. He pulls Dean back to where he started on the bed, then thrusts and pushes him up it again. Then back to start. Over and over again, until Dean’s going mad with it.
“I’m furious,” Cas lies. “Incensed. Enraged. Don’t you ever do it again, or I’ll have my big brother shoot your nuts off.”
Dean reads the whole thing through, even the part Cas was wary of him skipping, pausing instead after Cas compared him to Moses. He knows the story of Exodus; his momma had told him Bible stories as a kid, and Rufus had told him a shortened version a week ago. Dean knows this is the highest compliment he’s ever received, maybe would ever receive. Cas had just thrown it into the middle of the paragraph, as if he’d hardly thought about it. But of course he had thought about it. Cas wasn’t careless with his words, even if he hadn’t written five drafts of this letter. It makes Dean feel manic, almost angry. Then he goes back and reads it again, skipping the compliments, and looks at the rest of the pages— five of them, all covered on both sides in slanted, black writing, all detailing Judaism and Cas’s experience with it. Ten pages of sermon and only one paragraph of filth, Dean thinks ruefully.
