Mary knocked hastily on the door, throwing uncomfortable glances around her as she waited for the landlady to open it. It took a few minutes for Mrs. Hudson to receive the woman with a hint of confusion and surprise.  She had received many clients asking for Sherlock Holmes regardless of the timing but Mary? Why would she arrive in such an odd hour- five in the morn with a pale face? Quickly closing the door, Mary leaned her back on the wall, panting.
Sherlock led the woman with fine steps along with the Waltz. His dancing skills were splendid, shame that a few of them were aware of it. Besides playing the violin, he always had a thing for dancing despite his standing quietly on most of the parties. He used to find the matter amusing that John was not aware about this trait of his flat mate. There were more traits of Sherlock left which he was yet to discover in fact. After all, not everyone is as observant as Sherlock was; John is definitely not the one to blame.
In recognition to their top notch service, Sherlock and John are awarded in a grand dinner. The detective meets a familiar face whom he once and still, dislikes and John gets to spend time with his old chap. Sherlock's ramblings continue as John remains occupied with his fiancee which later takes form of a medley that leaves John drowning into thoughts once again.
“No, don’t. Don’t do that; you are lying, Sherlock. There’s something going on, isn’t it? And you don’t want me to know that.”
After a span of twenty minutes searching around the apartment for that piece of paper, Sherlock pulled to an end. “Unless... John has it with him.” The Detective glanced at her; never had he seen Mary so anxious.
“What do you mean, he isn’t coming?” Mary dilated her pupils, snatching the phone from her fiancé. “Sherlock? Yeah, but-” A deep sigh of disappointment escaped under her breath. “I thought we talked about this yesterday…. Then what happened…..Fine. Oh yeah, we’ll have lots of fun, without you.” With a small chuckle afterwards, she hung up.
By the end of the day, the case was on the verge of being closed by the detective. The new problem, however, was that the suspect mysteriously died in custody a few minutes after the duo had left the Yard.
“Tell me, what was the man’s complexion? The one who was stalking you.” Sherlock asked on a point. He had not been revealing too much to her.
“She's great,” John let out a small, polite smile at the old lady. “Mrs. Hudson, could you make me some tea, please?”
It was almost twelve at night when Mary was insisting on coming with him but he simply asked her to return home with a loving smile, assuring her that he will return as soon as Sherlock comes back. He could have gone with her, maybe stayed with her for a while and then return once again or go to the Yard but he simply did not feel like it, not today. Strange but despite his hunger, he refused to enjoy the dinner Mrs. Hudson had prepared for them. He ate very little, and drank a cup of coffee before heading upstairs once again, thinking of trying Sherlock on his cell phone.
“The next morning after the dinner party, I saw a man loitering outside from the kitchen window. I took no notice until I realized that the man was actually following me, changing his position every time when I move away, staring at me from the windows of each room. At last, I closed the curtains and sat to have tea with John. After sometime, the bell rang and it was the same man from the streets, asking about a Mrs. Hughes. There was a woman of her name who had recently moved out of the building to Brighton. I was about to approach him on the doorstep but he quickly hurried off downstairs and John closed the door.” Mary stopped, exhaled and then continued once again. “Two days later, I received a poison pen letter which was left near our doorstep on the evening.”
He did not even bother to put on his blue evening robe even in the cold weather before comforting himself in the couch. Beside him stood the fireplace in which the dimly lit fire crackled on its own, dimly illuminating Sherlock's blank face.
The rest of the program went on without any inconvenience. A few more officials were to deliver short speeches including Mycroft, about not only the robbery of the particular artifact but also the present situation in London concerning both local and international crimes and the ways to deal with them all through cooperation and zero tolerance towards the outlaws.
While he stood near the window long after seeing his fiancée disappear in the turning of the streets on a taxi, his phone buzzed once more. A text from Sherlock.
After a short span of time, all the guests sat on their respective seats around the dinner tables as a female voice requested the guests to welcome a man named Ferdinand Rogers on the stage. A tall, broad sized man with pale white skin took his position behind the microphone with a grin on his face. “Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. It is an honor to-”
But again, Mary may not be as bad as he would probably think her to be; perhaps it’s him who’s being overreacting to things nowadays.
“Ah yes, the great Sherlock Holmes wouldn't exist then!” He scoffed and leaned his back on the couch once again, crossing his arms. “And the fable you spoke of, what is it about?”
someone in the Yard disguised as a clerk and roaming around without drawing much attention. The man, who poisoned the addict and the clerk, was a part of a group that had successfully committed various crimes in many countries across the world and had finally set their foot here in London. The head of the group- Joe, was in search of some low lives in order to build up a new network, but accidentally bumped into the wrong person- which resulted in the addict losing his life one night near the river. The leader knew what would occur; since Sherlock Holmes himself is going to investigate hence he decided to take the matter in his hands this time- choosing the Yard itself to begin with. Just as planned, he took the post of a clerk last month, and tried to pull the job.
“He should’ve come, you know. Why didn’t you try convincing him? You’re the one who knows him well after all, wasn’t there any other way to distract him from the case just for a day?”
The detective did not give him a chance to speak as he stormed out of the room and stepped outside in no time. Letting out a sigh, the doctor walked near the window only to see his companion getting on a taxi hastily and head to the left.
The first place he went to was the same flat where they had visited early in the morning accompanied by Wiggins- both in disguise and it was already obvious that no one could detect the duo. After gathering ample information about everyone and particularly of the two addicts who were too damned to care about the newcomers, Sherlock decided to spend the rest of the time inside.
“Where did you find this?” He asked in a low tone, not averting his stare from the neatly typed words.
Miss Riley let out a small chuckle before concentrating on her meal once again. “The Guardian.” She eventually spoke again.
“That’s enough time for someone to enter and get the thing he wants. Did you see any sign of breaking in? Any of your belongings misplaced?”
For once, he thought of calling Mary, but came to a halt immediately when he remembered John was accompanying her. Although John remaining in the dark was something he did not like, perhaps time will only reveal the truth. The Big Truth which our Mister Holmes have been in search of.
“I don’t.” Sherlock replied in a firm manner. “As I said, you only tend to say is that you still, repel-”
“Enough, Mr. Holmes, thank you very much.” The man cut off in the middle in a straight voice. “Seems like, Captain Watson was not wrong at all.” After letting out a forced polite smile, the officer walked across the hall, leaving the two standing in front of a pedestal.
“Sure, I was about to make some for myself anyway.” Sharing a nod and a brief smile with the man she headed for downstairs.
When the two addicts mysteriously disappeared, as a part of their routine, in the darkness of the night, Sherlock and Wiggins managed to creep out of the flat and keep up to their tails undetected. Despite those multiple times when the two got lost in the way, they finally managed to get out with the help of the homeless network. Yes, a bunch of people spreading like a net across the streets of London, mingling in the public unnoticed, yet they are the ones who have been playing an important role from the very beginning of this investigation.
One call, just one phone call; all he wanted to hear was his voice and that could have been enough. At least he wouldn’t have moved out of 221B. He would, if Sherlock wanted him to do so.
Even amongst all the fun and beauty, Mary could not get the thought of the ‘case’ she has offered to Sherlock. He had the spare key and probably had been finished checking the apartment. Question was, what did he find?
The story continued to roll on while the clock struck three. In the end, Sherlock did realize the reference his friend had made and also, figured out the exact ending of the story, leaving both to share an easy laughter. Both of them woke up on the night before at two, and after the case was closed by one at the next night, they decided to see who can stay up till another hour passes. Surely it was unusual for someone like Sherlock who would sit for an entire hour without doing anything at all- apart from the paper cuttings which he was going through while keenly examining John every now and then. The doctor kept himself busy with his blog, but soon dozed off- announcing accuracy to the detective's assumptions.
The women kept gazing into the man’s eyes while he remained with the usual straight face. Only the medley of the Blue Danube Waltz cut through the prevailing silence between the two.
Sherlock could not think of a proper answer than thanking her politely in return while beholding her face.
And then he worked. John didn’t make any special effort to crinkle the paper or stroke the keyboard; he just opened the first file, pulled up Meddbase and started correlating information. It was slow, tedious going, which is why he’d left it so late. He hoped it would make a decent enough quality video.
“What’s going on?” John’s voice was sleep roughened, but calm – in action mode. “Are you alright?” he asked Sherlock when he didn’t respond, his belly crawling with worry.
John snorted. Rosie was a still very alert weight in his arms, craning to follow Sherlock’s progress around the kitchen. “Well, thank you for a lovely evening,” John said, “but I’d better get her home, bathed and to bed.”
But the line went dead as John said it. He stared at his mobile like an idiot for a second or two before depositing it in his pocket with a sigh. The train had rolled in, smelling faintly like oil and dust and takeaways, a smell that took John back to his uni days.
What he needed, John knew, was a distraction. Before Rosie, this would have involved many benders undertaken at many pubs, clubs and casinos with friends who weren’t really friends, merely acquaintances who were trying to do the same thing John was: forget. John was thinking of his varsity days especially. There had been borderline sleazy flirting and casual sex, screaming matches with Harry and John’s girlfriend of the week, loggerheads with his bosses and underlings at University College. Late nights, groggy mornings, beer sweat, anger.
things: a passing suspicion about Mary and Sherlock that was easily dispelled, a strange jealousy about the passing suspicion that wasn’t so easy to shake off, and a desperate warmth around John’s midsection at the thought of Sherlock as being a part of their family.
That got John a rare, full smile, and who knows how long he and Sherlock might have looked at each other? It felt like their looks were getting longer and longer, and John didn’t know what to
“Do you need—can I help?” John asked, knowing even as he asked that it was unlikely that he’d be able to help if Sherlock and his other connections couldn’t.
But he survived, against all odds. The staff used the m-word a lot when he was recovering. And the more he heard it, the more John began to wonder. Wonder, and feel guilty in a non-specific way.
“Wait, guys, are we--?” DI Greg Lestrade drops his feet from the desk, up-ending a half-eaten donut onto a pile of paperwork in the process. He hastily mops up the tack of icing sugar with a crumpled paper napkin. Off-camera, Sergeant Donovan sighs.
“Well, if you want to talk it over...” They were silent, waiting for the kettle to boil. Tea made, John carried it into the sitting room, Sherlock trailing behind. He didn’t sit – kept moving around with Rosie. Rocking her to sleep, John realised.
John and Rosie spent Sunday morning out, which was not to either of their liking, but there was shopping to be done. They were back at the flat just after ten, cold, hungry and grumpy, and John immediately headed into the kitchen to get a proper breakfast started.
Sherlock had arranged the Chinese on the dining table when John came up, Rosie chattering in his ear. Without comment, Sherlock took her over and got her settled in her high chair so John could peel off his coat and turn on the kettle. He was halfway through busily arranging their cups and calling down to Mrs Hudson to hear if she was joining them when he realised how automatic it had all been. How natural.
Sherlock handed it over. A year ago he probably would have said “Obvious”, and John’s plan to annoy him into other topics of conversation would have worked, but while it wasn’t possible for Sherlock to be smarter than he already was,
A week passed. Sherlock was quiet, but whereas their silences had been companionable before, this time it felt different. After a bit of a think, John decided it must be because Sherlock wasn’t texting him. The vague feeling of guilt was back. It nagged at John. He carefully recounted their conversation in quiet moments – okay, maybe the word he was looking for was “obsessed” - he “obsessed” over their last conversation - but he didn’t know why or where it had gone wrong, exactly.
“No. ‘Your life is not your own.’ A wise man told me that. Well,” John corrected, “a wise man’s genius, deranged sister, quoting said wise man, whilst kidnapping me with the intention to drown me. But I think the point stands.”
Lord, he was a mess. Really, John thought, pulling on his coat and watching Sherlock kiss Rosie on each cheek, his stormy eyes soft, he was doing Sherlock a favour by not being completely honest with him. He had his own things to deal with. He didn’t need John’s baggage, too. John resisted the urge to glance back at 221B’s doorstep as he started off in the direction of the tube station, the sidewalk still busy, cars humming past on the road. Rosie chattered at him, their earlier row forgotten. She was soft and warm and safe in his arms – a reason if John ever needed one. John would work out his own stuff, and he’d raise his daughter, and it would all be fine, he decided firmly. He’d get the sleep he needed, build the life he intended to, and it. Would. Be.
“I—“ Sherlock floundered. He looked as tired as John felt, and then some. John suddenly wondered if he wasn’t the only one who had been having problems sleeping. “Please,” Sherlock pleaded, his voice quiet, honest, desperate.
you had a partner you’d probably be going door-to-door with pamphlets or something similarly tedious, but people aren’t likely to let a stranger into their house when he’s all alone, so you got stuck with phoning people. On a Friday night, been doing it for, what, a month or more at least? Like I said: single, unattached, loner.”
“Needs must,” said Sherlock, with a dismissive wave of his hand. He looked like he was about to elaborate on his own cleverness, but John interrupted.
Greg clears his throat in the background and Molly mumbles to a stop, her face recolouring. She gives the camera another shy smile.
And though Sherlock’s was one of John’s favourite channels, it wasn’t the only one he listened to. ASMR was something John had found on his own.
“We’re at The Bird pub,” Greg continues, leading the jostling group across the street to a weedy-looking establishment. Seagulls protest in the overcast sky, wings bony in the cool breeze. “A barman found the proprietor dead this morning. He’d been shot at close range with his own weapon.”
“Yeah him,” John said, rolling his eyes to no one in particular. The small office was empty save him, a computer, a lamp, a fern, the cold dregs of a cup of coffee, and the atheist on the other end of the line.
“Look, do I know you from somewhere?” John asked, suspicious. “If this is Bill’s doing, I swear to--”
“Did you really record hours of footage in what—a few days? On the off-chance that I’d find it, and then what?”
“Yes, he’s brilliant,” says Dr. Hooper anyway, all in one breath. “He’s just so intelligent, it’s unbelievable, he notices everything and he’s so dedicated and he
It was this thought (and the long, lonely, cold desire behind it) that snapped John out of it a little. He’d promised himself that he wouldn’t go there. If not for himself, then for Rosie.
--” (Her eyes cut off-screen) “interferes, someone who’s just here for his own selfish gratification. And I’ll tell you something else: one day just showing up won’t be enough for Sherlock Holmes. One day we’ll be standing around a corpse and--”
nice, especially with his secretary. He was just like John and so of course John had hated him instantly.
For the next three weeks, ASMR became a part of John’s daily routine. The initial rush - “brain tingles” - wore off, but the relaxation persisted, and Maria, Emma and a few others nursed John through several bouts of insomnia. He picked up a few extra shifts at the clinic, spent more time outdoors with Rosie even as the weather continued to cool down, and helped Sherlock with two cases. John didn’t even resent the fact that in both cases, Sherlock largely used him as a sounding board to riddle together a series of clues while he, John, made them dinner and lunch respectively.
She’s right, so Greg affably pulls ranks. “Thought we could use some help on this one.” He explains it half to Sally, half to the camera. Only one is now focused on him: the other follows the tall man’s rapid progress around the room. “You know, show off the many talents New Scotland Yard bring together under one--”
He and Rosie got back home around eight, both of them edging into “tired and therefore cranky” territory. His flat was on the first floor; between Rosie, the stairs, their bags and his complaining knees, John was almost to the flat’s door before he noticed something awry.
. That was the problem. There was no denying that listening to Sherlock had edged from “relaxing” and “tingly” into something that was very gently arousing, and there was no denying that John had really
John tried not to dwell on why it hadn’t bothered him so much before, and why it now did. But his mind was like a dog off its leash. Before, to a lesser or greater degree, he’d been a part of Sherlock’s cases. Even if Sherlock never valued his “little contributions”, John was still in the thick of it with him. Now he was an outsider to some parts of Sherlock’s life. And John had no one but himself to blame for that, which was the worst: he couldn’t even retreat into denial.
eyes, his face reddening. John’s arm shot out without much conscious direction from him, grabbing Sherlock by a handful of shirt and jacket and holding him in place, their bodies half a meter apart.
John was truly sad to see her go. He and Rosie walked her down, waved goodbye, and watched her until she’d disappeared around the corner. John wondered glumly if he was doomed to be forever waving goodbye to people from his stoop, which even he had to admit was a bizarre and miserly turn of thought.
Molly’s eyes were mostly on Rosie as she said, “It’s...Well, me and...” She sighed and looked at John, grinning and blushing. “Greg’s asked me to move in with him.”
Sherlock made a noise somewhere in his throat and scanned John’s face. If he was hoping to disprove John’s statement, John knew he would find nothing to do so. Not anymore.
John considered, but after a moment – a moment he wished very much he still had his gun in hand – he relented and closed his eyes.
John had to smile at that. The look in Sherlock’s eyes was nothing short of ravenous. This was going to be hard. But it
It was on a cold evening in February that John finally confronted Sherlock. Sherlock was “thinking”, his head on a pillow on John’s lap. They were on the sofa. It was late and cosy. Rosie was asleep upstairs. A fire crackled in the grate.
“You’re mental. I could be dangerous,” and damn it all if John wasn’t smiling into his mobile phone, much to the female commuter’s discomfort.
John showered and pottered about after, but of course, it was only a matter of time before he returned to the kitchen drawer. He stared at the tablet where it lay for a minute, wondering what the hell he was doing and what the hell he was
Words apparently failed him. Sherlock swallowed and stared at John hard, almost desperately. As if willing him to do something.
? No, never mind, boring: failed architect by the look of your shoes, knew someone in television, about to be divorced for the third time in what, ten years?”
“And that’s all?” There was no heat in the question because John had let go of expectation. Therapy was paying off in all sorts of unexpected ways. It was vexing.
John released a long, shaky breath. A breath he’d been holding since the day he’d first met Sherlock and reassured him that it was all “fine” when, in fact, it had been far from bloody
kind of sleepless night after seeing how flexible Molly was, but that he would take to his grave, and possibly beyond), Greg’s football (the Scotland Yarders), Harry’s smoothies (Jesus), and Parents Holmes’ offer to babysit Rosie (he’d ended up spending most of the evening yawning in front of Sherlock’s fireplace while Sherlock strummed the violin discordantly). He’d gone jogging with Sally, spent a weekend at Bill and his wife’s to “unwind”, and visited Mary’s grave with Rosie for the second time. The only offer John had not taken up was Sarah’s breezy suggestion that he go for a massage with a “happy ending”. Not only was it the principle of the thing, but John rather feared that the ending would go the way of Firefly and come too soon. Anyway.
Miss Riley was certainly enjoying the dance. After all, she is dancing with ‘the man beneath the hat’, which was actually quite unexpected for her. She quietly praised herself for succeeding in gaining Sherlock’s attention, completely unaware of the inner boredom and annoyance she was creating inside the man due to her company.
Sherlock went on whilst going through all the information of the woman spoken of, thanks to Lestrade for leaving his sleep and working on right away.
Sherlock interrupted, “Ex army officer, yes. You were in the troops of Afghanistan and returned wounded with a broken arm. This explains why the two of you are acquainted with each other. Currently you are going through some sort of conflict with your son who's standing over there.” Sherlock turned his eyes from the son back on the man within a few seconds who was still staring at the detective in disbelief. “High likely your son is having an affair with his P.S. who's standing right beside him, dressed in black. Certain that you are not pleased with it and already had a conversation about this with him before arriving here, which I assume did not go much well. Shame that he’s adamant to his own choice, and if I may add, you’ve missed your pills for BP problems today morning and took it later on. This afternoon, to be precise.”
“Oh, and tell Sherlock I said hi.” With a smile, she walked into the kitchen. “Mrs. Hudson as well.”
Furrowing, Sherlock turned on his back to face her. “What do you mean? You’re supposed to keep it somewhere safe…”
“I gotta go, Mary's not feeling well.” He said while hurrying up from his seat, “I'll see you tomorrow.”
“Oh, is that so? Then tonight’s dinner and the missing object won’t be out of calculation either.” A soft smirk curved a corner of his lips. “And looks like someone has not stopped dealing with the nasty stuff as well.”
“....Okay....” Sherlock turned his neck a little to look at John getting on a taxi. Then, letting out a barely audible sigh, he finished off the rest of his late night dinner and returned back to his flat in 221B.
A violin was already prepared on the stage for the detective to perform. The crowd stood in silence and watched the tall, slender figure of the Hat Man find its way to the stage and pick up the instrument with ease. Sherlock always preferred to play Bach- for most of the part, the ones which made others sad and helped him to grow thoughtful. But tonight, he decided to play something different. Something…nice.
John remained silent, blinking. His face straight, bearing somewhat of a skeptical expression. “You’re lying.”
His words made the journalist frown in confusion. How is he supposed to know that part? Apart from the regular work, she tended to keep an eye on all the other subjects, to be more precise; gossips. Some of them preferred to keep silent while others just came up to her, asking to have the topics removed from the highlights. Oh, how she loved to see their faces- all anxious and annoyed.
“Perhaps John’s been thinking about something else.” The pathologist replied with a typical shrug and the usual smile.
At the precise moment, the front door crackled and slowly was opened from the outside, it was John. The very sight of him made both the detective and his fiancée stop in an instance.
Mary had left a copy of the key to the front door. She already had known what would be happening, and besides, the letter was something essential in order to make some progress on the case. The detective soon discovered himself surrounded by various
“Hmm…” Sherlock nodded a little, not very impressed. He did not really expect to see her there- the truth despite his indifference to what she had been saying.
“I would like to ask our detective for a small favor, and also hope that he would comply with the request, would you please perform for us before we finally come to an end of this function for the night? I have been acknowledged about your skills of playing the violin.”
“To be frank, John, you sound quite possessive.” A chuckle could be heard from the other side of the phone. Sherlock truly was trying to be amusing.
His eyes and ears all over the city – The Homeless Network, were already assigned to keep an eye of a man with matching description. But now what he was more in need of, a quiet thinking place to ponder on without interruption. Had Missus Hudson been home, he would have asked her to not let the ‘clients’ enter directly and invade his personal space.
Melancholia and glee, with a fine essence of romance- perfect way to express one’s sentimental thoughts. A lover pining for that one special person, or the heart burning in the flames of unrequited love; no matter which one it is, cannot but submit one’s sentimentality to this aesthetic. John stood still, charmed by the magnificent music that filled his ears while a mild smile curved the corner of his lips, and once again, slowly began to cloud his mind with thoughts, memories.
My apologies for being so late in publishing this new chapter. Life has not been permitting me to work on my writings and of course, I have been lazy myself ^^' Anyway, I hope you enjoy it.
But to his utter shock, the detective himself had managed to reach their hideout near the station at night.
“The hairstyle, moreover, the entire attitude has gone through some changes although I would say you’re still the same.”
“That’s the part of your job, not mine.” Sherlock replied with nonchalance, still shifting his gaze while his brother shot an annoyed glance at him.
“Yeah, well, now that you’ve already said it out aloud.” Mary grinned softly at John. “How about a visit to Richmond Park? Hills, woodlands, trees – a perfect place for sightseeing.”
“I’m not lying to you, John. It Is a case and I really do apologize for not being able to join you two. Perhaps next time.”
Mary, on the other hand, was having a quality time with John in the Richmond Park – just a few meters away from the Pen Ponds as well as Richmond Park. They went to visit Pembroke Lodge, the old Georgian mansion and had lunch in the gardens which offered the most breathtaking views from there. It was truly beautiful, spending the moments of her lifetime in such a wondrous place with the person she loved and cared for the most. They even rode on horseback and John enjoyed fishing in the ponds, although his patience soon wore off and couldn’t catch a single fish, unfortunately. Even fishing reminded him of Sherlock. That man perhaps, had all the patience and skill in the world when it came to this subject; something apart from detective work. He even once talked about fishing, how he was the one catching most of the fishes in a short amount of time, leaving the others startled on one of his visits to a certain lake which John could not remember the name of at the present.
With an assuring smile, the blond woman walked upstairs, not allowing the old lady to speak or ask anything further.
“Who said we're going to Highlands?” Sherlock asked with a hint of amusement. “Neither dead nor alive.” His face slowly lost the smirk as a clear smile took its place. “We shall disappear from Baker Street, from London itself.”
The detective could not but sigh at the thought of John and Mary spending their weekend together in Richmond. It seemed as if he himself avoided the trip on purpose; but it was not like that, was it? Of course he had reasons… Many reasons.
“I don’t like repeating the same thing over and over but I am not just that typical journalist who is still just in search of the big scoop. I’ve got enough stuff to feed the newspaper with already.”
The luxurious cars of various high class models drove around the magnificent stone sculpture of the Greek goddess Athena as their owners, dressed in formal attire, climbed the stone steps toward the entrance of a grand hall. A magnificent chandelier hung above their heads, illuminating the white, marble floor. Delicate sculptures, lavish furniture, and of course, artificial miniatures of cascades were nothing but a part of the history and antique-lover’s paradise. The humongous yet delicate exterior and interior structure of the building created a form of awe and fascination amongst each and every of the guests, except one though.
John kept wondering if he ever crossed Sherlock’s mind even for once in the days that have gone by. In addition, the ultimate question- Will he ever be able to listen to Sherlock play the violin in the middle of the night again?
“You know it's not very nice to look around and pretend to listen when you're actually not.” Mycroft eyed his brother, “especially when you're speaking with the government officials of both England and foreign countries.”
“Obviously. Remember when I posed as an addict? He yelled at you when you and Mary were dragging me outside into the car.”
“You know that I only keep the information that is important. Like, really important." He sat straight, pressing his right index finger to his skull. "This hard drive contains information that is
The next few minutes of the speech went the usual way of showing gratitude to the guests for their attendance and then the man describing a Turkish jewelry box made out of gold and ivory that were robbed during one of their auctions. The guests continued to listen to the owner of Roseberys Fine Art Auctioneers with profound attention while Sherlock and John exchanged a few glances. After all, the duo succeeded to get to the robbers and rescue the artifact when the police were almost lost in the maze.
“Yeah, I'm fine. I'll be going to Baker Street after I’m finished with the work and probably will be a little late.” He spoke while taking his last bite of the breakfast.
“I was about to say yes anyway.” Sherlock mumbled, addressing his brother whilst leaving him behind.
The sun had set almost three hours ago, and John has been sitting all the time in his armchair, his eyes fixed on the screen of his laptop. Mary paid a visit a while ago- surely a relief from the endless boredom, but also a little annoying because of the continuous chit chat of Mrs. Hudson. He had finished two cups of tea already and was about to pour himself another and right then, his phone rang. It was Lestrade who too, was unaware of Sherlock's whereabouts and complained that he isn't receiving any response from him after a call drop. John ended the conversation with a knot on his eyebrows.
It was the time when he used to be the flat mate of Sherlock- solving crimes, saving lives, and of course, blogging. There were many mornings when he had to wake up and immediately get to work without even swallowing a morsel, many nights when they were storming the streets of London, rushing to different places looking for clues and criminals- no matter how late or how odd the hour could be. That thrill of the chase, blood rushing through his veins, the tension, the adventure- those were the days!
Seeing John occupied in a conversation with a woman who took care of the horses, Mary reached her phone and dialed Sherlock’s number.
“Mary, listen to me” he leaned forward, “John is someone who won’t be judging you by your past, but your present. Trust me, he will. And I too, can help him understand the whole thing… I”
“Riley.” Sherlock finished with the last name. “Seems like you’ve made your way up to a position since the last time I encountered you.”
“....Hmm....” The taller one remained mute for the rest of the path, his eyebrows slightly furrowed. The subject of Mary was something he did not really expect to hear, not at this moment.
His tall, slim figure quivered from the chilling cold of December. He remembered a night when he and John decided to go through a competition to see who can stay awake for most of the part. No doubt that it was he who won, for John fell asleep on the verge of winning.
useful. Rather than everyone else who tend to store each and every junk they encounter with in their daily lives. This is why people fail to see the details. Fail to observe and act like a buffoon.”
He placed his fingers steadily on the strings and soon, notes of music started to fill the silent atmosphere.
The misty veil that covered the quiet streets of London was yet to lift when John slowly opened his eyes. It took a few moments for the doctor to realize that the slender hand resting on his chest was not of someone whom he dared to imagine about, following the short yet detailed dream he had just woken up from.
Several hands clapped in front of them as they stood beside Mr. Rogers. A man appeared behind the owner, holding a tray covered with a red velvet cloth. He, revealing two small crests, soon removed the veil. Flowers and vines engraved in gold intertwined around and above the inscriptions written in silver on the two wooden crests that were handed over to Sherlock and John by Ferdinand. The flashing of the cameras and applauses continued as the two stood straight, both maintaining small polite smiles in front of the crowd.
“There’s no need to apologise.” Molly said this sternly, and John realised with a dull pang that this was probably something she’d had to tell herself often. “I’m glad you told me. I hate to think you’ve been walking around with this all this time.”
“And then you got your friend Craig to somehow backdate your video list. That’s why you had so few followers.”
But they weren’t like that, John thought. He was only mildly surprised to find that he wasn’t pretending he didn’t
“What do you want?” John demanded, but much of the heat had gone out of it. He sat down, keeping as far away from the few other people as possible. And, there really was a bloody delay.
“You’re having me on,” John returned, sceptical. “How could you possibly know how long I’ve been doing this?”
His room was dark. The electronic clock on the bedside table indicated that it was just after two am. John automatically looked at the baby monitor, but it was quiet. So was the flat. So why had he--?
Flustered, annoyed, and most of all, lonely, John distracted himself by making a start on a rudimentary dinner for himself and Rosie. He had just checked that Rosie was still alive (she was, and enjoying Peppa Pig with alacrity) when there was a knock on the door. John turned down the oven and moved the dish to the table, a sinking feeling in his stomach.
John frowned, scooping sweet and sour pork onto their plates. It took a moment to click. The lab on that winter day felt very, very far from where they were now, John dishing up food while Sherlock entertained his daughter.
Dimmock’s attempts to tackle the tall man are unintentionally prevented by a stray audio technician. The tall man does not notice.
“Better for seeing you, I think,” John admitted, trying to grit his teeth against the flare-up of insecurity. He wasn’t sure how well he fared, honestly. He handed Rosie over, feeling the strangest emotional wobble as he did so. “We’ve been having a row.”
John sighed. Rosie hadn’t really started talking yet. She babbled, sang and hummed, yes, but nothing resembling a language. He hoped to God she wouldn’t decide
Sherlock was still moving around with Rosie, whose tears had subsided into sleepy amazement at her favourite uncle. “I can’t say much about it,” Sherlock hedged.
He knew what Ella would want when he saw her. She’d want some kind of action plan. As his therapy had progressed, her trust in him had as well, and she now expected him to play a more active role in his own support.
“Yes, hello, darling,” John told her, leaning in for a kiss. He was only a little surprised to notice how close this brought him to Sherlock, and how comfortable that proximity was, after all. “Are you a hungry little bee?” he asked her, turning to dish up.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked, looking up from where he was showing Rosie a set of soft blocks. She regarded the bright purple side of one of these blocks with a frown of concentration that was ruined only somewhat by the fact that she had a Fruitloop stuck to her forehead.
But John suspected the answer to that; had, ever since he fell into a fitful sleep in a too-big bed the week before. She had known, must have known. Her more caustic remarks made sense to him now. He wondered suddenly whether they’d made sense to Sherlock. They must have, right? He was the consulting detective after all. And if it hadn’t bothered him enough to say anything back then – and he’d always been woefully, sometimes frustratingly silent about people’s insinuations – then perhaps it didn’t bother him now.
But his request is cut off by a sudden hiss. The camera swivels around to follow Sergeant Donovan’s glare.
No one could blame John Watson for having sleepless nights. War veteran, doctor, colleague and boyfriend of Sherlock Holmes, and perpetually spied upon by the two most astute agents in British intelligence history (Mrs Hudson and Mycroft Holmes, in that order); no, in his insomnia at least John Watson was blameless.
Sherlock sat up, all the better to preen. “Two days,” he said. “And I knew you’d find it because hotlips365, the ASMR forum admin who shared Casebook ASMR is
Sherlock snaps, spinning around to glare at the pair of them, doing so just in time to miss the rapid ascent of a livid-faced man through the window. The intruder wields a knife.
“No need for that, thank you,” he told Rosie, placing the bee toy out of reach for the minute and smartly replacing it with her bowl of food. Rosie gave a happy, feckless giggle that was seventy-five percept Mary.
“Yeah,” John found himself saying. “You know what? I’ve got to dash. Here, my treat.” He deposited the beers back on the counter and pushed them over. “Sorry,” he added, though for what, John hardly knew.
At the very least, John reflected, adjusting his camera, it was a slightly more original name than “The Blog of Dr John Watson” had been.
John rang the doorbell and had a whispered half-stern, half-pleading conversations with Rosie while he waited for Sarah. “The last thing I need,” he told Rosie, “is for my employer to know how much of a shit father I am, so please behave. Okay?”
“He’s actual words were, ‘Shut up, shut up, nobody think, nobody breathe’,” comments John in a normal speaking voice, also off-screen.
was – and he was still such a drama queen, but it was like everything that had happened, with Mary and Rosie and Eurus, had stripped away his hard outer layer. These days, Sherlock was patient, kinder – gentler. And maybe John was, too.
John chuckled. “It’s a he, and he might let me go more easily than you’d think.” Which was so true, John felt a flush of depression at the thought.
Sherlock had started on Rosie’s bottle by the time she and John emerged. He was a dab hand at it too, which made John feel happy in a very unsettling sort of way. John gratefully accepted the bottle and carried Rosie back to the sofa, Sherlock trailing behind with their cups.
John held back a miserable sigh and tried to convince himself to act like a normal human being. One who had friends and
“I know who he is,” she says, a little too hastily. There is a second of silence before she clears her throat, a renewed blush burning on her cheeks. “I’ve only known him a few months,” she says.
“Wow,” John said, as the full flavour of the nappy hit him. Patience had taught him to let the smell wash over him, but one never really got used to it. “You could be a little more contrite,” he told Rosie, who was giggling, feckless, at his wrinkled nose, “about putting your dear old dad through
“And has he always been so...” There is an uncomfortable pause in which no polite descriptions present themselves.
“Everything alright?” John startled. Sarah had popped her head into the kitchenette again and was frowning at him.
“I...” Sherlock sighed, drummed his fingers, sighed again. “Mycroft,” he said, face souring. “He told me about the sleeping pills. I—I thought perhaps in your exhaustion, you’d taken a few too many, and...”
Sherlock poured them each a glass. The wine was good, smooth and fruity. John waited until Sherlock had settled before he offered Rosie a spoonful of food. Apparently, she was satisfied enough that Sherlock wasn’t about to do anything interesting outside of her range of sight that she ate without complaint or distraction, little fists banging on the table. It was only when a bite dribbled on to her shirt that John realised he’d forgotten the bib. Ah well.
He raps three times, then stoops forward to listen. When he straightens, tense nods are exchanged, belt buckles are touched, shoulders are primed. He takes three steps back, braces himself, and rushes forward.
He shook his head. “I don’t think he does, honestly.” This came out more bitterly than he’d anticipated.
For a moment, John could see himself doing that again. There was always a company looking for ex-soldiers, and he was a doctor to boot. There’d be people to take care of Rosie. Some would argue – the darkly amused whisper that was part-Mary, part-John’s guilt, for instance – that Rosie would be better off being raised by someone else.
He could see it cost Sherlock a lot to reply. His voice was faint: “Does John Watson feel the same way about me as I do about him?”
Thursday was blustery and cold. John was awake when it started raining at one am, and he was still awake at three when Rosie cried for him; then again at four. He didn’t bother returning to bed afterwards. There was little point. He made himself a cup of tea he didn’t drink and sat at his kitchen table, waiting for his alarm to go off at six, thinking.
“Three years, two months and a week,” she answers immediately. Her eyes flick between the producer and the camera; she offers the latter a tentative smile and tucks her hair behind her ear.
It was on a Thursday during lunchtime. John had gabbed the gab with Sarah in the clinic’s tiny staff kitchen before pulling out his packed lunch and his tablet, looking for a video to line up for that night. He had gotten into the habit of frequenting the forum that first put him onto ASMR – even going so far as to create an account, though he rarely commented – and he was browsing through this when a post caught his attention. OMG, YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE THIS GUYS VOICE, the title read.
Feeling mean-spirited for thinking that, John tapped play and settled back on the couch, his attention riveted on the screen.
They didn’t speak for a long moment. Sherlock was gently cradling away Rosie’s resistance; and John, well, John was mulling. Mulling Sherlock’s appearance, mulling his words. Mulling the fact that he looked a little sad, especially when he thought John couldn’t see his face.
Sherlock turned to face him. He was dressed as usual: white shirt, black suit, the big coat, the red scarf. But he looked much the same as the last time John had seen him—no, worse, actually. His hair was messy, and there was a shadow of stubble across his jaw and over his top lip. His eyes were red-rimmed, puffy and roaming.
Sarah considered him. “Look, John,” she said, moving into the kitchen. “I know we’re not exactly going through the same thing. But if you ever need to chat...”
When they broke apart, John chuckled. “Brilliant,” John whispered in the shell of Sherlock’s right ear. “Amazing,” into his left ear.
“That’s very reckless of her.” The woman flashed a lascivious smile. “Abandoning you like that. She might never get you back.”
A look crossed Molly’s face. “No,” she insisted, then sighed. “That’s actually why I’m here. I wouldn’t...interfere...but he’s been at the lab an awful lot, and he looks...he looks...”
This appears to perplex Sherlock no end. He looks around at them all – John, Greg, Molly, a pixellated corner, and the producer and her camera crew – before a look of horror crosses his face.
Forty-four going on eighty, he thought, sour. He only noticed the figure when he was nearly on top of him. Sherlock leaned against the car’s bonnet, apparently lost in thought. The bright tip of a cigarette glowed from near his hand.
Of course, John realised, stomach plunging, he was assuming that Sherlock wanted what he did. The truth was that John didn’t know
Anderson’s hurtle toward the tall man is impeded by the second camera person; the first captures footage of the crime scene tech’s rather spectacular fall. The tall man stalks off without noticing.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then sighed forcefully and roughed up his hair in what John identified as “tired frustration”.
The defensiveness slid off Sherlock’s face, replaced by a momentary flash of hurt. “No,” he said. “I—I’d never do that to you, John. I swear.”
John readjusted his butt on the squeaky office chair and checked the clock on the wall. “Summary: sin equals bad.”
“You were right, you know,” John told him. He reached up with the back of a hand to brush a stray curl from Sherlock’s forehead.
John tried not to deflate. Well, at the very least the text confirmed that the blackout in communication probably wasn’t lurking homophobia, just Sherlock’s garden variety self-absorption. Cases took priority. It had always been that way.
John preceded Sherlock into his bedroom, quickly arranging the bed and pulling back the covers. Then he went to check on Rosie, spending a few minutes more than he needed to watch her sleep, just collecting himself and absorbing the moment. By the time he returned, Sherlock was curled up on his side, covers pulled up to his shoulders.
“And you’re not even paying for it,” John says. The camera flicks to the pixellated corner. It radiates disapproval.
“I don’t know. To convince myself I still can? No,” he thought. He blew out a breath. “To convince myself I still
Molly ducked her eyes. “We’ve been...on and off.” She blushed so John assumed she meant “having sex”. “But lately it’s... We’re...”
“John.” Sherlock reached up to hold his hand to his lips. “You were the good and brilliant one first, I’ve just been trying to catch up. I...I don’t think I’m quite there yet. But I’d very much like to keep trying.”
The screen showed a man’s arms resting, large hands folded, on what looked like a desk. John could see little beyond the man’s torso, just his white button-up shirt, and an indistinguishable sliver of background on either side. Still, John had the strangest sense that he knew where this was—that he knew...
John stared at Sherlock, very aware of their history, very aware of every “we’re not a couple” and “I’m not actually gay” and “he’s my best friend”. There was a lot of emotional territory to traverse between all of
John shook his head. “I don’t want to risk our friendship. It’s probably just grief anyway, yeah? God, I need to get out more. And now I can’t even go on a bender with Greg, or he’ll have trouble from his missus.”
John had just opened his mouth to demand to know who it was when Sherlock’s voice said, “Don’t shoot, John, it’s me.”
John chewed through two bites before he said, “That doesn’t mean it couldn’t work out. I mean,” he amended, when he felt Sherlock’s sharp eyes snap to him, “she was certainly intrigued by you. Sexuality isn’t always...either or, right?”
There was silence, interrupted only by Rosie’s distracted noises – her attention riveted still on Shaun the Sheep. God, John couldn’t believe he’d just made a scene to the background of a children’s show.
Mrs Hudson tutted. “Has daddy been treating this little princess appallingly?” she asked Rosie, who was the epitome of Bambi eyes. Her bottom lip might even have trembled.
John fidgeted with the tissue in his hand. “I thought...at the beginning when we just met. I thought...”
John’s stomach turned like a seal flopping over. Panic – sheer and complete – washed over him. He felt his breath even out like he’d turned around to find an IED next to him.
“Speaking from personal experience, then, John?” Sherlock’s tone was hard and sarcastic and maybe even a little taunting. Sherlock wanted him to drop it, and who knows? A year ago, a month ago, a
“Oh, that’s very interesting, but--” the producer says, distracted by the uneven terrain and their pursuit. The wind howls and blusters around them. Up ahead, Sherlock Holmes’ coat flares out like a cape.
John stepped closer again, stilling Sherlock’s large hands. “There’s a lot we have to talk about. These last few weeks, for one. These last few years, for another.” John moved his hands so he was holding Sherlock’s. The touch felt...good. Natural.
Since most of the equipment was already set up and stashed in John’s bedroom, it only took about ten minutes to get the camera and audio set up going. The frame focused on the kitchen table, but was angled low so neither his nor Rosie’s face would be visible. John had few expectations about the quality of the video, but he thought at the very least it ought to make a good ambient track, and so he got everything ready before he started the process of making breakfast.
“I wanted to get flowers,” John said. He followed her down a short hallway and into a combined kitchen/dining room that was just on the wrong side of cramped. Something smelled delicious. “But they were all shit. I mean – uh, bad.”
They took their tea through to the living room. Midway between mutual commiserating about staff layoffs in the NHS and the general state of medicine, Molly went the colour of beetroot and confessed, rather abruptly, “I, er, have some good news.”
John frowned. He was thinking of the fact that he forgave both Mary and Sherlock and they him. “If you want it to, I think a relationship can survive almost anything. Neither I nor Sarah wanted that,” he added.
“So what?” asked John, nonplussed. He ducked a few bites of his own meal before an unhappy squeak from Rosie directed him back to hers.
. “I’ve messed up so much in the past, and I don’t want this to be the same way. I--” John broke off, ducked his eyes. It felt a lot like someone was holding a gun to his head, just then, so frightened was he by what he needed to communicate – so frightened was he that Sherlock would change his mind. “This is too important to... Do you understand?”
“I hate flowers,” Sarah said cheerfully. “Please, sit down. Hold on.” She disappeared around a corner and returned a second later, lugging a high chair. “I’d been meaning to get rid of it since Susan’s kids are grown, which means it’s sat in the hallway for two years.”
So John Watson, war veteran, doctor, and sometime assistant of Sherlock Holmes did the only thing he could, under the circumstances: he retreated so he could call the police. Lestrade, specifically.
John was glad for the cold because it pretty much stopped the hot flush of embarrassment and horror dead in its tracks.
It took Sherlock a moment to answer. He frowned at John, but his focus softened until he was staring off into the middle distance.
“We’ve been catching up Love Island,” said Mrs Hudson, planting a firm (and it had to be said somewhat wet) kiss on Rosie’s head. Rosie grinned a wide, toothless grin. “I was just about to give her her bath. I could--”
the words out of his mouth. That fear was back, that somehow Sherlock would hear “ASMR” and immediately deduce that lonely, empty hole inside John and how John wished in some inexpressible way that
“A minute and a half ago,” Sherlock corroborated, grinning like someone who wouldn’t be tasked with cleaning it. Git.
“That’s—wow,” John said before he could stop himself. He regretted it instantly. He bit his lip and glanced around, but no one was paying him any mind.
In the background, the tall man swings the greasy-looking candelabra from the ceiling. “AHA!” he yells, as the ceiling begins to give way.
“Work relationships never last,” he tells them. He does not appear to notice that there is a pencil with a pink heart-shaped eraser on one end stuck behind his left ear.
John’s biggest distraction had always been being at war with himself. His respectability had only been salvaged because he’d gone off to an
“Hello sir,” John said into his headset, “do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ?”
awake, telling her stuffed animals all about her dreams, I’m sure.” Sherlock’s face and voice were soft. John grinned at this, but then ducked his eyes, embarrassed, hoping Sherlock hadn’t caught it.
“Well according to you it’s a fiction of my simple-minded, cosmically-overwhelmed brain, so what did you expect?”
John gave Sherlock a look. “So where are you off to?” he asked instead, taking in his posh ensemble: the big coat, the bespoke suit, the navy shirt, the fancy shoes. Granted, John was hardly an expert on these things, but Sherlock looked even better than usual.
Funny that Sherlock had said that just a few weeks ago, about John and Sarah. The difference being that Sherlock had been right, and John wasn’t.
He boarded, giving the other commuters a wide berth. The train was half-empty, with only a few seats taken. He sunk into a seat with a twinge of discomfort, wondering about the man he’d just spoken to.
He was first out of the office that afternoon. The five-minute walk to Rosie’s crèche became three, and they made the five-twenty train to Hackney. Rosie, perhaps sensing John’s mood, was a little more exuberant than usual, but John felt only a little guilty when he parked her in front of a children’s show so he could pull up the video again, this time with clamshell headphones on (acquired a week before from Amazon). She seemed content with Shaun the Sheep’s adventures over his distracted company anyway.
“You’ve called pubs ‘cesspools of filth’ within my hearing twice,” John pointed out, amused despite himself and Sherlock’s snobbery.
Molly shucked her coat and went to pick up Rosie, who squirmed and flapped happily at the sight of her. John, being British, made a beeline for the kettle. Molly joined him in the kitchen, Rosie bouncing on her hip.
It felt natural, then, to close the distance between their bodies and their lips. Suddenly it didn’t matter that John was dressed only in pyjamas – it meant less distance between him and Sherlock. For a few, long moments, there was nothing but exploratory kisses, the slide of tongue and lips, the gentle press of their bodies against the other. John had one hand buried in Sherlock’s hair; Sherlock’s palms had found the skin of his back beneath his t-shirt.
Sherlock looked away, and John grinned when he caught the barest flicker of pride on his face. Sherlock Holmes might be a dragon, but apparently they weren’t all bad.
Sherlock smiled at him, flopping down into the rectangle bed. “You are most hospitable.” He complimented.
“Christ! Sorry.” I apologise, pulling myself off the boy. I flush in embarrassment when I realise who I ran into.
Sherlock flushed at that, looking down at the book in his lap. "We'll see. Mummy loves it when I keep my hair long as well, so you'll probably get your wish."
“You came!” John said as he broke away from his celebrating team. He looked as though he had just climbed out of a swimming pool. His rugby jersey clung to his defined chest in a way that made Sherlock feel hot all over.
“Perhaps something you grew or herded yourself?” Sheol suggested, “Show him the hard work you two have been doing, he shall be proud to see it.”
John Watson lay near the medical tent, his shoulder bleeding profusely. The man that he had been helping was alive, but unconscious, most likely due to John’s mysterious abilities. But John…his soul was beginning to show, the glow seeming brighter than the rest. Sherlock bent down, placing black gloved hands on his chest, willing his soul to re-enter his body.
“Mummy!” Sherlock said hurriedly, jumping off the sofa as if his mother could witness him lazing about. “I apologise. I thought you were a potential client.”
Sherlock repeated in his accented English, and now that John was listening, it was obvious that he was French. “While you may not wish to share with me, I have no intentions of leaving. I’ve been here over two hundred years. I rather like this room.”
what Sherlock wanted to do. It had been difficult enough to get Sherlock into half-dragon form, proud as he was of his sharp claws, red horns, and powerful tail.  Sherlock’s ultimate test would be which human was the least scared of him.
"Unfortunately there isn't a lot I can do. Any trace that would have been left behind is long gone." Sherlock said.
Everything seemed to slow around them, and Sherlock couldn’t look away if he wanted to. John’s smile was too tender, too warm, too everything.
“Alright, I’ll ring you up.” Irene grinned back, peaking out at the car. “That’s a pretty beat up old car for someone as cute as you.”
“Third option it is then.” The blond growled, swinging Lestrade over his shoulder. Sherlock watched the blond dart off, Lestrade over his shoulder, his silver hair waving in the wind. He waited until the pair vanished before turning to punch the brick wall next to him, leaving a sizable crack.
Throughout the day, the crowd never diminished. The guards kept them on a strict schedule, making sure to rotate the people regular so everyone got a chance to see John.
“Excuse me?” John gaped at him, before following close behind. They made their way to the sitting room, and Violet smiled as she saw them.
“Mummy? Father? I’m here.” Sherlock called, walking into the grand sitting room, a huge Christmas tree covered in fairy light sat in the corner, gleaming brightly even in well-lit room.
John was charming for the rest of the day, making Sherlock’s family laugh with tales of his patients. He even managed to make Mycroft laugh a few times, something Sherlock had thought was impossible. His mother scolded him for not telling them that John was a doctor, but John saved the day by telling them that he didn’t want them to know.
For over three hundred years, blond men and women had been the serving class of England. Their liberation only five years previous had been a controversial one, and many darker haired masters had refused to give up their lifelong slaves. This had led to small armies of blond men and women rushing in, destroying houses of corrupt masters, freeing their blond slaves.
"No you don't," Sherlock replied, "but even if you did, to define yourself as broken is ridiculous. Brokenness is merely a mental state, not an actual-"
“Victor is always bossing us around.” Sebastian huffs as if he hasn’t heard me, though judging by the way his shoulders relax, he’s much happier. “And
All too soon, it was time to take the soul of the great Kublai Khan, and the man came peacefully, his glow almost warm. Of course, that could be Sheol’s fanciful nature, but as he handed the soul to Greg, a bit of that warmth receded.
I’m about to respond, but movement out of the corner of my eye catches my attention, and I see that Victor is walking towards me, his normal smirk plastered on his face.
“You can come in.” He called, his voice rough from sleep. “I’m just a slave, anyways. I don’t get any privacy, do I?”
“How did you…oh, right. I’m sure it was on the paperwork.” John reached up, touching his shoulder where a bite from a fully transformed dragon had marred the skin.
John raised his hand, offering it to the demon who grabbed it quickly, a mischievous glint in his eyes. He pulled the shorter man closer to him, leaning down to whisper in his ear.
The door opened to a cosy lounge lined with busy wallpaper. Two mismatched chairs sat in front of the fireplace, and a leather sofa took up half of the opposite wall. John felt instantly at home.
"I didn't do it," John shook his head, "I haven't even touched that gun since I was captured. Someone is trying to frame me!"
“Is that supposed to mean something?” Sherlock asked, causing a grunt of indignation to come from the little human.
base that day, and he was already growing weary of reaping the souls. But worse fates awaited those who weren’t collected in a seemly manner. Sherlock shuddered, repressing the terrible memories that seemed to lap at his consciousness at an increasingly frequent manner.
John can’t stop the blush that spread across his cheeks like wildfire, and Jim’s smile widened in triumph, fingers lacing through John’s quickly. John ignored the knuckle cracking coming from Sebastian, wondering how long  he would have before the need to exorcize Sebastian Moran became too great.
“First of all, I don’t know French.” John muttered, crossing his arms over his chest. “Second of all…what is with the dramatics?”
“Uh, where are we going?” The blond asked as they passed the store room. Sherlock could practically feel the confusion as he opened the backdoor and pushed him out. “What are you doing?”
"It's fine." Sherlock lied, closing the paper. Upon second glance, he realised it was over a month old. "I'll be fine. John is with Mary now, no changing that."
“I don’t even know how you figured that out, but that’s true. My mum and dad are dead, so it’s a bit hard to get together with them.”
Thank you all for your wonderful reviews and comments. You really know how to make a girl feel special. I hope you enjoyed this transitiony type chapter. Remember, this is unbeta'd/not britpicked, so if you notice anything, feel free to tell me!
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Anyone who wasn’t blind could observe the signs. Your hair is cropped short, in an overgrown military style haircut. You have a tan, but it doesn’t extend above your wrists. You had a cane with you at the coffee shop, but when you walked up to the counter, you had forgotten it behind. Not on purpose, of course. When you walk, you have a slight limp, so you have a psychosomatic limp. The way you’re holding your shoulder indicates a fairly recent injury to it. Not recent enough that it would still be bleeding, but recently scarred over. So, by simple deduction, you are a soldier recently invalided from Afghanistan.”
“And here I thought you were a genius.” John teased, though a flicker of worry crossed over his face. “I fell in love with
Sherlock pulled to a halt as the pier ended, unbuckling so he could get out. The men stopped, pulling out their guns and pointing them at him.
Two guards came around the corner before John had the chance to respond, their guns trained on his heart. The handler sighed slightly, then nodded once at the elder dragon. “Alright, we’re ready to fill out paperwork for the human.”
“How poetic.” Sherlock said drily. “But I do believe you’re about to fall asleep. If you ever feel the urge to escape again, please try to take a more interesting path. I do like a challenge, you know.”
“You mean my prison?” John snorted in disbelief, stumbling slightly on the unfamiliar step outside. “Ta, I was busy trying to find an escape.”
“Yeah, never got the hang of it.” I say. “You know, you could have just asked me for my number. It would have been easier.”
John took the paper, blinking down at it. In fresh ink, just below the snapshot, was a familiar sentence.
It had been entirely accidental, John was sure, but Sherlock avoided John like the plague anyway. But now that Sherlock was stuck being his lab partner, maybe he would be able to make some headway and convince Sherlock that John wasn't all bad.
"That is an unlikely event to occur." He said, not looking at mummy or father. "Anthea and I are not dating."
“Good.” Sheol nodded once. He turned, beginning to walk away, but turned back at the last minute. “I am thinking of changing my name…the world has changed so much since I was born.”
“Do you really think that would happen?” Mycroft sneered. “If his master frees him, then we have no choice but to let him be a freeman, but no one would allow that man to have his freedom.”
This chapter is really really short and you deserve so much more but guess what?!?! I'll be updating on August 31st so you have an actual update date to look forward to!
"Will you do me the great honour of becoming my husband?" John asked, opening the ring box to reveal a simple gold band.
“With fuzzy pink handcuffs?” The blond raised an eyebrow. Sherlock ignored him, starting up the car and pulling out of the petrol station.
“A good a time as any.” John smiled at Violet, and she grinned before joining her husband in the kitchen. Sherlock stood, walking over to John rather quickly.
"I...well, that is to say, what I meant was-" Sherlock stuttered rather inelegantly, jumping when his phone in his pocket rang. He fished it out, wincing slightly when he saw Molly's name. "I should take this. Sorry."
Sherlock had laughed at that before whirling out of the small bedroom, striding through the mansion where he lived. John had given himself a tour, and after about four hours, declared that the whole building felt like something out of a horror movie.
"Hey, do my clothes really look that good on me?" John teased, smirking at the persistent blush on Sherlock's cheeks.
“That is exactly how he did it.” Mummy laughed, looking happier than Sherlock had ever seen her. “Now, next year you’ll have to bring this Gregory fellow.”
“I’ll be careful, Sherlock.” Siger chuckled, patting his son’s arm. “We’ll be back before you know it.”
“Of course.” Sherlock replied, and he moved quickly, nipping his servant on the wrist. “You have four hours before my venom will begin to burn. I suggest you take refuge in your home. Mycroft will be informed, and you will be able to join the Holmes coven.”
“We are not currently dating.” Sherlock informs me, blowing a plume of smoke between his lips. It’s almost artistic, and he’s clearly mastered and I would appreciate it more if I wasn’t so against smoking.
"If I have my way, it will be." Sherlock said, standing up and enveloping Molly with a tight hug. "I have to be going."
"Sherlock?" The confused voice of John Watson broke through his thoughts. "What are you doing here?"
“John!” A warm voice called, causing both men to realise just how close they had been sitting. Sherlock looked up to see a pretty blonde woman in a red coat walking towards them. “John, we have so much to do, what are you doing sitting out here?”
As John walked off waving, the warm glow in Sherlock's stomach grew. Perhaps Hogwarts would be even better than he thought. If people like John attended, he wouldn't care which house he got sorted into.
“No worries, darling.” A faint kiss could be heard, Violet pecking her son on the forehead. “I’ll keep quiet about the ‘M’ word.”
“Right…goodbye.” Sherlock looked up, looking at John one last time before he was gone. John looked back at him, waved once, and then he was gone, trotting after his fiancée like a puppy.
The sound of heels clicking echoed in the mostly deserted street. A few people bustled past with last minutes Christmas gifts tucked under their arms, hurrying to get out of the cold.
“Naturally.” Mycroft rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s dramatics. “You need a slave, and I believe you’re the only one smart enough to fall for the lies Watson will tell you.”
“I’ve found it! I’ve found it!” Sherlock cried, turning towards the two men approaching him. One of them was his trusted servant Stamford, the other was a man he didn’t know. The stranger had blond hair, and a thick blond moustache. He was short, tan, and skinny as a lath. "I have found a re-agent which is precipitated by hæmoglobin, and by nothing else.”
“Oh, hello there.” The creature said, his teeth bared in a friendly expression. Sherlock blinked at him, taking his appearance in. He didn’t look very different than the people of his planet. His hair was an odd yellow colour, and his face was rounder, but other than that, they could be of the same race. His father looked quite a bit like this creature, in fact, something that comforted him.
"Shut up," Sherlock said with no real bite, colour rising on his cheekbones. He turn in place, carrying John out the door where he entered.
“Hello.” John replied, giving him an apologetic smile, which was promptly returned. “I am so sorry. I’m new here, and I wasn’t watching where I was going and-”
The journey to the office was uneventful, and John was pleased to note that the guards had already lowered their defences. To try and escape now would be idiotic, but it was nice to know that if he behaved long enough, he could get away.
John snorted at that, "That's understandable. So, you're a demon that can read an entire person's history just by looking at them. Were you born for the job, or were you hired?"
“Hello Mummy.” Mycroft called out as soon as he entered the estate, a posh looking driver carrying his suitcase. “Father. Happy Christmas.”
Sherlock knew better than to be outside in public when he hadn’t had anything to consume for over a week, but he needed the equipment that St Bartholomew’s had in its lab. Just the month before he had gone on a rampage, draining at least four humans, and biting at least twenty, before Mycroft had put a stop to him. Mycroft, of course, was confident that he managed to kill the bitten before they were turned into vampires, but Sherlock was not so sure.
Mycroft gives us a brief nod, before turning to follow the path the guards had taken. He’s holding an umbrella, something I hadn’t noticed before, and he twirls it more pompously than I ever thought an umbrella could be twirled.
“Don’t be hurt, Sheol!” Otto said, closing the distance once more. “I plan to break it off with her. I don’t know her, nor do I love her.”
"You didn't think I knew who was behind all this," Sherlock says, "But I managed to work it out at John's party. You were far too interested in his new 'boyfriend' to not raise some red flags."
Suddenly, a wad of paper smacked into John's ear, causing him to startle. He picked up the wad, frowning at it as he examined it.
Molly giggled in response, and Sherlock turned to look at the customers, deducing what sort of coffee they were going to get. It always helped to be prepared.
The rest of the journey to Hogwarts was fairly uneventful, as Molly kept Sherlock from doing anything too troublesome. So when the train finally ground to a halt, Sherlock was practically leaping out of his seat in boredom.
Mycroft graced them both with one last smirk before leaving the restaurant, his umbrella tapping imperiously as he went.
I slide through the back door, the night air crisp and peaceful. I am wonderfully and horribly alone out here.
“The tall blond is Sebastian Moran.” Greg picked up, pointing to a nasty looking boy. “His parents are really rich. I think his dad invented a new bomb or something.”
Sherlock glanced around the corridor before spotting the sharpie John had used to scrawl the message. He darted over, picking it up as though his time was limited. Quickly, he scrawled a response on the wall before practically throwing himself at John who was still kneeling beside The Wall.
Sherlock could hear John pause, as if wondering if this was all some sort of trap, but less than a minute later his footsteps restarted, padding around the room. The door opened, then closed with a soft click, and Sherlock listened as John’s footsteps retreated.
“Carl, you don’t come to a party at my house with Sebby, then hit on some innocent boy in front of us a few days later.” Victor turns to me once more. “Do you want to have sex with him?”
"Oh, Sherlock," Mummy said, sounding disappointed. "Don't you think it's time to give up on that little flight of fancy? You've had your fun, but it's time to get a real job."
His mind, for the first time in recorded history, completely short circuited. Instead of deductions running through his mind, all he could focus on was the slight sheen of John's damp skin. A single drop of water hung from the end of John's hair, glistening in the light before dropping to his shoulder, making a quick trail over a starburst scar, down tight muscles, finally coming to a halt at the garish towel.
"He's not unintelligent," Sherlock said, his face a perfect mask of indifference. "Friendly, agreeable, didn't absolutely loathe me on sight."
“Are you ready to read the story?” She asked pleasantly, looking between the two of them questioningly.
"John..." Sherlock spoke again, eyes flicking towards him. "If you were granted your freedom...if you could go anywhere, where would you go?"
“The way I see it, Victor Trevor has three things that make him the king of the school.” Greg replies, grabbing a small chalkboard and a tiny nub of chalk barely big enough to write with. “The boys, and girls, who think he’s some sort of sex god. His hair that he religiously maintains, and we can’t forget his little friends.”
“I’ve been looking for some of these everywhere! Our romantic getaway was this weekend, and I was unable to find a single pair. I had to improvise.” He lied easily. “Thank you so much!”
The man flushed a bright red, looking embarrassed. He blinked several times as if trying to regain his thoughts, those eyes of his looking ever so familiar…
"No, we aren't." Sherlock looked away, trying to ignore the tightening in his chest. "He...ah, he got married today."
"John," Sherlock started softly, but he was interrupted almost immediately by a buzz from John's phone.
"You aren't a weirdo, Sherlock. You're one of the most brilliant people I've ever met. Now I gotta go. They want us all to be seated before you lot can be sorted. See ya later!"
“You’re the most amazing man I have ever met, and I am head over heels in love with you,” John smiled. “Of course I want to marry you.”
"Air," He spoke aloud, words swallowed by a bubble in the water. It was only then that Sherlock passed out.
“You’ve had the angel of death in your bedsit several times, had him chat with you for varying moments of time.” Greg chuckled. “I should think an arch-angel would be old business.”
Sherlock nodded once, watching the rugby team walk off the field, still patting each other’s backs. The field slowly emptied out, parents leaving with their children, rugby players with their friends, and soon Sherlock was alone, wondering where John had gotten off to.
“That’s great, good.” John replied patiently. “But I’m a little stuck right now, could you do that for me? Can you get me out of here? I’m in a cottage somewhere in Yorkshire.”
The only accomplishment we managed that week was to give a bottle of shampoo to Victor that contained a small amount of colour stripper. It would take time, but soon his luscious brown hair would be a thing of the past. The week had been a failure, so I decided on the final day that I would use Victor’s cheating to my own advantage.
The pounding continued, and he realised that it wasn’t all in his head. John huffed, flipping over and glaring at the door.
John almost cried when the humans were forced to leave, the silence blissful after the hours of staring. He had hoped that Sherlock would come back to see him, but he had yet to show up.
"What happened?" Madam Pince said. "He was such a sweetheart, always tucked in the corner armchair with a book."
"Anyway," She continued after a moment. "It might have all turned out well for him. I've found him a blind date. Or...well, Mike Stamford has."
“Go find a seat, I’ll be right back.” John said, and Sherlock took a seat on the sofa by the window, wondering what John was up to. He came back only seven minutes later, the cookies in one hand, and a bottle of wine and two glasses in the other.
"No he's not," Greg snaps. "We tricked you. John only pretending we could get back at you for being a giant arse. I would have thought you would have figured that out by now."
“You have a crush on Sherlock. Sebastian told me. It’s kind of sweet, actually.” Victor sounds as if he’s smiling, but not mockingly so. “I could talk to him, if you want. Find out how he feels about you?”
“I don’t think, I know.” Sherlock says, his face and tone smug. “The killer, or killers, are trying to make a point. What that point is, I don’t know. But I intend to find out.”
I cannot believe the feedback on this story. I had posted this story in the middle of a terrible weekend. I had no wifi, I kept getting lost, and I was just really down. Right after the second time I got lost, I quick ran into a Caribou Coffee (which is kind of like Starbucks, but better) and posted it. It wasn't until the next afternoon when I managed to find a restaurant with wifi (in the midst of getting lost again) that I saw the wonderful feedback. You have no idea how much you brightened my entire month. Seriously, I love each and every one of you, and I desperately hope that the coming chapters are up to your desires.
Across from John sat the last person Sherlock expected- or wanted- to see. His heart fell into his stomach, and he could practically
Poison, he decided finally, would be the way to go. Less mess for others to clean up. Really, it was the most considerate option.
. The warm bubble that had inflated in Sherlock's chest at John's words popped suddenly. John was waiting for Tom, not Sherlock. Really, the intelligent thing to do right now would be to tell John the truth. Explain how he had been looking for Tom, to give him the scarf,
The scarlet steam engine of the Hogwarts Express let out a shrill whistle as people poured into platform 9 3/4. Students chattered excitedly as their haggard parents followed behind them.  Cats twisted expertly between legs, and owls flew overhead as they filled the cavernous space with their squawks.
"That ghost boy that was following you," Sherlock said. "He looked practically murderous, and I don't think it's wise for you to be around him."
“These gloves protect those around you from your powers.” The Shining One said, putting the strange, black skins on his hands. “For you take life, not give it. You did not eat of the tree, so you shall not suffer from it, but are death. You shall live forever.”
which she had been re-reading, and pulled out her makeshift bookmark that had the address to the Holmes’ winter estate scrawled messily across the front in blue pen. “Here you are.”
Mycroft went next, unwrapping his gift with careless ease. His eyebrows raised as he took in the briefcase embossed with his initials.
“That was amazing!” I said, laughing slightly. “You got everything right. How did you know all that stuff?”
"Yeah, for a job...hobbies, those sorts of things," John said. "I figure it's only fair I know, seeing as you know everything about me."
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Molly's soft voice broke through Sherlock's concentration. He had been staring at the severed thumbs for ten minutes, trying to concentrate, and failing miserably.
"They aren't magical candies, are they?" Sherlock asked, switching seats so he could better study the chocolate.
It was no fault of his own that John Watson became the target of a demon; the man had always lived a good life. The people around him, however, were a different story. He had always been on the edge of a certain demon's awareness, flitting around just out of sight. One soul exchange in the middle of a seedy pub changed all that.
“By agreeing to this contract, you agree to be in my servitude until I so choose to release you of your duties. Doing so protects your sister, Harriet Watson, as well as her wife, from my wrath.”
The metal pinched John’s skin as he slid the collar off, but he ignored the slight pain, latching the collar onto a nearby pole. Sherlock would notice his absence eventually, but hopefully not before John was far, far away.
Before John could even blink, the handler was snapping a metal collar around his neck. He let out a small growl at the handler, who promptly took a step back.
“Sixty quid?” David Watson cried at the outrage, but his seventeen year old son was already out of the taxi, unloading the boxes out of the boot. As they haggled over price, John took the opportunity to look around, admiring the sights.
“I did, yes.” John glanced down at the violin before handing it up to Sherlock, who took it without thought. “I want you to play for me.”
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Good lord.” Sherlock groaned, standing up and peeking out the window. The sight of John, bundled up tightly and walking steadily away from the house made him roll his eyes. Apparently he had plans of leaving, and the fact that he couldn’t find the keys wasn’t going to deter him.
John was silent for a moment, and Sherlock felt as though he were going to explode. Perhaps it was just a short term thing, and he and Mary would get back together soon. Perhaps it was Mary who cut it off, leaving John hurting, or maybe-
I am afraid to say that I will not be leaving.” Sherlock returned his grin with a smirk of his own. “So you are lucky enough to be stuck with
“-and then, just as he was getting in the bath, a whole basketful of feathers was released from the ceiling, making him look like a chicken!” Sherlock said breathlessly, his giggles starting anew as John roared with laughter.
"Yes and no," Sherlock replied. "When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they come to me. Other than that, I take only cases that interest me."
“Mycroft never gave me the key to your shackles.” Sherlock said after a moment, hoping that his tone was portraying how apologetic he felt. “It seems he thought I would just set you free.”
“I was being nice to the new student.” Carl says, shrugging his shoulders. “Or is it against the rules for me to talk to the new student?”
“Yeah, that’s what friends do,” John replied. One of his rugby teammates called his name, and John turned around to give them a half-hearted wave before turning back. “Listen, I’m going to go hit the showers. I’ll be back out soon, if you want to wait?”
“You kidnapped him?” Mycroft looked shell-shocked. “I thought you paid a random man to pretend to be your boyfriend.”
"Tom?" A voice from behind grabbed Sherlock's attention. He turned around to find an attractive man standing behind him, a cane clenched tightly in his right hand.
“And who’s the last one?” I ask, pointing at the one whose name I didn’t know. He had light brown hair, tanned skin, and bright, white teeth. He was about as tall as Sherlock, and just as handsome.
It was only two hours later when John caught sight of Jim Moriarty. Classes were done for the day, and Jim had managed to get out of the building before John, weaving between the students expertly. John watched him from his view at the top of the school's lobby stairs. It was just as Jim stepped into the street that he saw it.
“Come along, John.” The curly-haired dragon said smugly, his eyes glittering as the chains that bound John’s wrists were unlocked from the shackles. John looked around, trying to figure out the best escape out of the prison when he caught sight of the brother of his new master. A hard look from the elder dragon stopped him in his track, and John knew that any resistance on his part would end horribly.
"Right," John stands, tugging at the hem of the new Christmas sweater. "Well, I had planned on doing this in private, but I think now is as good a time as any."
“Red clothing is reserved for Mondays.” Sebastian says, eating a spoonful of what I suspect is corn, though the bright orange colour was throwing me off. “And green for Tuesday. You’re not allowed to wear t-shirts two days in a row, and you’re only allowed to have your hair product free once a week…I guess you picked today.” His eyes flicked up to my hair, which was lying nice and chemical-free against my scalp.
It turns out that solving a crime with no evidence is a lot harder to do than you would expect. Not that such a minor inconvenience would stop Sherlock Holmes.
"God, not again." John groaned, grabbing Jim's lapels and tugged him into a standing position.  "Come on!"
"I don't have any idea," Tom said with a shrug. "But I've always been too afraid to date another bloke, and it's worth a shot."
“Handcuffs.” Sherlock pointed out, giving him his best ‘you’re an idiot’ look. “This operation just got a bit more professional.”
“It couldn’t be helped. He’s just so in love with me, really.” Victor said, rubbing the foot crème into his hair now. “I mean, who isn’t?”
"Ugh, gross," Irene interrupted, unable to keep a smile off her face. "Wait until I leave before you start to snog each other senseless."
John grinned, but it fell off his face when he saw the look on Sherlock’s. He looked completely miserable. John couldn’t help the guilt that swept through him at the sight.
He was just about to doze off, figuring that John would come up to bed when he had finished his failed search, when he heard the tell-tale click of the front door to the estate.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice floated through the door, and John stiffened, telling himself that his quickened heartbeat was merely due to surprise and adrenaline. “John, are you talking to someone in there?”
“Are you expecting to see a death threat on there or something?” I ask, causing Sherlock to snort. “Because that would be really stupid of the murderer…and I don’t think the police are that oblivious.”
Maybe Greg Lestrade wasn’t a good idea as a potential slave; after all, Sherlock would have difficulties drinking from the human if he constantly reminded him of his last slave.
Sherlock felt a surge of pride for his friend, and he settled back into his seat to watch Victor pop another chocolate into his mouth.
Sherlock's mouth snapped shut, trying to look properly contrite as he turned back to the thumbs she had given him.
Sheol took a step back, hurt swimming through his eyes. He stared at his angel-brother in confusion and anger. How could Mycroft deny him this one request? He had never asked for anything like this before.
So that's how John Watson found himself standing in the middle of a mansion at four o'clock in the morning, wearing last night's jumper and a pair of pyjama bottoms.
Sherlock, who had mentally prepared for a rude remark, completely froze. He blinked several times, trying to figure out if he had heard John correctly.
“You’re insufferable.” Sherlock sneered at his brother, clipping the leash onto John’s collar. “Come along, John. We have to stop at the morgue before we go home. I want to pick up a sampling of human toes.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Greg and Mike making faces. Apparently I’ve done something wrong, but I can’t imagine what.
“I know you can do it.” Sheol said, anger stirring in his stomach. “Remove me from my position, let me die.”
"Well, you haven't limped much since we met about an hour ago. You were leaning heavily on your cane when we introduced each other, but you barely used your cane to walk to Angelo's." Sherlock replied. "And you left it in the restaurant when you stormed out of there."
"Tell me, Holmes, are we going to walk all over London, or will you tell me your thoughts?" Watson asked, and Sherlock could hear his amusement in his voice.
“I am hardly stupid.” A phrase so familiar to John in a voice that sinful was almost too much. He shivered again, something that Mary noticed easily.
As soon as Stamford left, Sherlock had made his way out of Saint Bartholomew's hospital, taking the back way as to not alert suspicion. He quickly scanned the area, finding Dr Watson quicker than he had expected. The man exuded an air of confidence that appealed to Sherlock, and though his stature was small, he seemed larger than life.
“You idiot.” Sherlock hissed, grabbing John’s coat and yanking him back from the ledge. “Do you have a death wish?”
"Can you imagine any human being able to sneak into Mycroft’s home and kill one of his slaves without alerting him?" Sherlock asked.
“It’ll be fun.” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s arm and tugging. He led Sherlock past the sitting room, opening the door to the rarely used library.
He knew that I liked Sherlock, and he waited until they were directly in front of me before he decided to get back together with him. It’s the absolute worst thing anyone’s done to me and…
“I find you fascinating.” Sherlock replied without thinking, freezing when he realised what he had just said.
The man, who had been busy choking on a piece of steak, grew still, his soul glowing brightly. Sherlock sighed, peeled off a glove, and yanked the soul from his body rather roughly.
I didn’t think staying away from Victor Trevor or his group of plastics would be too difficult. It was clear that they would never even know of my existence, let alone deign to talk to me.
“That is your vital monitor.” Purple, as John began to think of him, explained patiently. “It has lost the blood flow in your legs. If you could be so kind as to resume your position on the bed.”
In fact, John had barely seen Jim all day. He figured (rather irrationally) that Jim was avoiding him, until Sebastian cornered him later that afternoon.
"No, you have to get away," Sherlock said. "We were being followed. They're waiting on the pier to capture you."
“Alright, dear.” Mummy said, patting Sherlock’s cheek. “Don’t be too long. Your father is making his world famous ham.”
We tried every day of the week to no avail, Greg leaving letters surreptitiously, Mike sending emails, and me helping out wherever I could, but nothing worked. Every day one of us managed to convince Sherlock to go to the sound booth, and every day Victor slipped away just in the nick of time.
"I just talked to a friend of yours," John said by way of greeting. Sherlock looked over at him, surprised by how ruffled he seemed.
“Welcome to Higbies.” A bored voice drawled from the counter. “Our special today is a Candy Cane Latte.”
"God, no." Replied the painfully familiar of John. "You would have expected a kidnapping from them."
, Lestrade let Sherlock onto a crime scene; mostly because Sherlock wouldn't stop pestering him, but it didn't hurt that he found Sherlock's elder brother cute, either. Sherlock had solved it in under fifteen minutes, leaving the police officers plenty of time to evacuate when he deduced that the murderer had also planted a bomb under the crime scene to get rid of any evidence. Sherlock was a hero, and New Scotland Yard held a press conference to honour him.
“Naturally.” Sherlock responded, and John flashed him a disbelieving look. “I don’t want a slave, and your chains jingle when you walk. Completely distracting.”
Sherlock placed the car into drive once more, driving off the pier in a final move. The colours of the piers amusement park whirled by before vanishing, the darkness of the water swallowing the light.
“I have come to bring you home.” Mycroft said, glancing over at John with disdain. “These creatures are primitive life forms. They would attempt to study you if they discovered what you were.”
“Great!” Sarah practically sang, and Sherlock listened as they walked off together. He pictured them walking along, arm in arm, both smiling brightly. He imagined John sitting at a booth, flashing Sarah those wonderful smiles that Sherlock sometimes pretended were only for him.
"Why didn't we take a cab there?" John asked after a few minutes of silence. He was watching London pass by through the window.
"But they wrote it anonymously," John frowned. "And what if they aren't out yet? They clearly don't want everyone to know they like me."
"I've got two more deaths to attend to in the next few minutes. John Watson, you had better not try anything." Sherlock muttered to himself.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock said after a few minutes of silence. “It would be beneficial to know each other if you’re going to pretend to be Victor.”
"I wish I could say the same about you, Johnny, but I can't." Jim sighs dramatically. "You ruined all my plans, and that's made me a bit angry."
“No.” Purple snapped. “You’ve done a terrible job taking care of yourself. So I’ll have to do it for you. That’s why I brought you aboard my ship. We are going to
"It's Tuesday, John," Sherlock murmured, causing John's stomach to do an odd sort of dance at the sound of his deep voice.
“Oh, hello!” My mum speaks first, coming over to shake Sherlock’s hand. “You must be one of Johnny’s new friends!”
"But I can," Irene cut John of with a wave. "I'm not going to sit here and watch you two dance around each other like some tacky rom-com."
"Alright then, dears. If you need anything, let me know!" The trolley witch said before shuffling off.
He could see the surprise on Sherlock’s face at his words out of the corner of his eye. He had been silent ever since they had left the glorified prison where they had kept him, not speaking even when the sweet human, Molly, asked him his name.
Sherlock stared down at the fluffy pink handcuffs in shock before he began to laugh, covering his face with his hands.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John.” Sherlock rolled his eye. “I’m trying to figure out who would have motive to kill Powers. Tell me, when he hit on you yesterday, was anyone around to see it?”
and he had no one to blame but himself. The logical part of his mind told him that he wasn’t to blame, but he couldn’t
“He’s very handsome.” Violet’s voice drifted in from the sitting room. It was obvious that they had no idea that John and Siger were home, and John couldn’t help but stopping to listen, earning him a wink from Siger as he left the room, grabbing the stockpot on the way out.
A fifth year Ravenclaw prefect was glaring at the two of them, his watery eyes narrowed behind wire rimmed glasses.
“John is a good man.” Sherlock agreed softly. “I apologise for all the hurt I have caused the both of you.”
"I thought that was obvious," John replied, glancing down at his green tail. "You humans have been writing about us for centuries. I am a Merman."
“And he’s Sherlock’s on-again off-again boyfriend.” Greg says. “Victor is quite attached to Sherlock, so I wouldn’t make any moves.”
The car was silent for a few seconds, the only sound was the road beneath the tires. There was a soft cough before the blond spoke once again.
“Dang it, I forgot milk.” Mike pouts at his lunch tray. “This is a tragedy of epic proportions. How am I supposed to eat my lunch without milk?”
“Such an attentive boyfriend.” John quipped, and Sherlock spared him a quick glare before refocusing on the road in front of him.
"Sherlock, where on earth did you go?" Molly said as Sherlock exited through the service door. He regretted it instantly, the cold of the back alley seeping through his suit. "You left the toes out!"
The man sat on a bed of snow white sheets, twiddling his thumbs idly. Though his expression was calm, an inner storm brewed deep inside of him, and the blackest part of his soul raged with a vile fury. He had made fruitless plans to escape this hellhole; wonderful fantasies of kidnapping his wife, destroying the man who put him here, and never seeing a prison again. But here he sits, waiting for his final fate, waiting for the guards to take him away and make him sleep forever.
“No, they aren’t.” Sherlock agreed. “Perhaps they might have been at one point, but it’s ridiculous to view human deaths as lesser than a dragon’s death.”
This is it, the final chapter. This moment is so incredibly bittersweet. Insatiable was the first ever fanfiction I started, and I was so nervous to have people read my writing. When this fic got kudos, I cried, and when it got over 10 I cried again. I knew that as soon as I hit 30 kudos that it wouldn't get over that, but you all continue to surprise me with your support. I re-read the first chapter of this fic just the other day, and I can see the improvement in my writing. It's only because of you wonderful people that any of my other fics got off the ground. I love you all so so so much, and I cannot begin to tell you how much you all mean to me.
"Oh." Sherlock's insides felt warm, and he blinked down at John. "Excellent. Yes. Good. Me too, of course."
“Tut tut, none of that.” The voice says again. “No one can see me, you know, it's rather pointless.”
John looked up at Sherlock, and sure enough, his face was a matching shade of scarlet. “Oh, you know how it is, Violet. Every kiss with him is like a first kiss.”
Sherlock made a pleased sound before bending low, inhaling the clean scent of copper and pinecones. The smell of scotch was an interesting addition, and completely natural. Lestrade had been drinking beer of course, but the overwhelming smell of alcohol resided primarily in his mouth. The muted scotch smell permeated everything, a welcome kick to blood that would be overly sweet otherwise.
This was the ghost of a jealous ex-boyfriend, John was sure, and he had just gotten in the middle of everything.
John was washing his hands after using the toilet when he happened to catch sight of Sebastian in the mirror. He sighed lightly, checking quickly to make sure that the toilet was empty before rounding on Sebastian.
The door to Sherlock's compartment slid open, and Sherlock looked up to see a girl around his own age, her brown hair twisted back into a pony tail and a nervous expression on her face.
Night had fallen on 221B Baker Street, and the peace that had settled in the building was suddenly interrupted by two men. They stumbled inside, giggling like a pair of schoolboys.
“I’ll leave a salad or something out for him.” John teased. “With all that sugar, he’s going to need something solid in his stomach.”
“You are my only friend.” Sherlock replied. A hand on the back of Sherlock’s shoulder gave a small tug, and all too soon he was being led back to a large ship, guided up the stairs by his annoying brother.
“No refunds? Why ever not?” John heard the elder dragon say. He didn’t bother looking over at him, but instead focusing on the messy scrawl of his new master.
John gave a small bark of laughter that was laced with sadness. “I haven’t done anything but complain and get you arrested.”
Sherlock stopped mid-rant, his eyes widening in shock. He had no intention on stopping at the wedding announcement page, but the picture at the top right caught his eye.
The man was extraordinary in his own right. Sherlock had spent thousands of years studying the human race, both part of it, and completely separated from it, and he had never met a man as interesting as John. Sherlock, though he probably wouldn’t have noticed John right away, would still have been intrigued if he hadn’t had the ability to save souls.
He unlocked the phone, grinning when he saw he had full reception, and he quickly typed in a familiar number, listening impatiently as it rang.
“Can I see him, then?” Sheol asked softly, watching as Otto’s glow passed from his body to Mycroft’s.
“Oh yay!” A cheery voice breaks me out of my current state of hyperventilation. “They’re back together!”
“Enough chatter.” Donovan said, coming in between Sherlock and John. “I’m taking Holmes to jail, and we’ll have Sargent Dimmock take you to your fiancée.”
“Come now, John.” Sherlock entered, looking completely put together. “No need to be so dramatic. You have your own room, do you not?”
From that moment on, Sheol’s thoughts are consumed with his future soul mate. He wonders when he’ll meet this person, what their name will be, what they’ll be like. Will they be a soul collector like Sheol is? A harbinger of death? Or will they be the Greg to his Mycroft. Similar, but opposite? Every time Sheol see’s Mycroft or Greg after that, he asks about his soul mate, but his soul mate is never ready.
It was eight months after John had been given to him, and Sherlock felt himself pondering a dreaded question. The thought of it felt acidic in his chest, burning its way through his sternum, letting the world see his fear.
"Hmph." Sherlock huffed. "Do be a dear and give that to John. He won't feel as guilty if it’s you handing him his freedom. Perhaps he'll leave faster."
“Three days?” John asked, sitting up. The ‘doctors’ continued to ignore him, chatting about his prognosis.
John shifted, digging for the gift in his back pocket, his heart racing with nerves. God, but he wasn’t sure how this gift would be received. Sherlock had failed to deduce it, something that John was initially proud of, but his subconscious nagged at him, making him think it was because maybe Sherlock didn’t
She gave Mycroft a pointed look. Mycroft, for his part, accidentally dropped a rather large portion of potatoes on his plate, of which some spilled over onto the table. He cleared his throat rather nervously before speaking.
"Cause, you didn't deny it." Bill Murray replied. "Come on, introduce us to your boyfriend, or we're gonna keep trying to set you up."
“Leaving so soon?” Jim followed him out the door, and John turned to look at him, a small smile on his face.
“But true.” He argues. “You weren’t interested in her. You’re too oblivious when people flirt with you, and she is too idiotic to not notice that.”
Jim reaches over and grabs Sebastian's hand, giving it a thankful squeeze. "I didn't mean anything by it, John. I promise."
“It’s hardly any trouble.” Sherlock says, almost to himself. “Your parents are much more pleasant than Victor or Moran’s parents.”
“Haven’t you left yet?” Violet asked, annoyance clear in her voice. Nearby, Sherlock could hear Molly explaining his little talent to the customer. “Oh, that’s just something he does. It’s pretty neat, actually…oh shoot, we’re out of regular coffee beans…”
Not that it mattered. After all, Sherlock Holmes was going to be at this party. I hadn’t seen a lot of him recently. The lack of murders made it difficult to track the killer, so we were meeting less often. That didn’t stop him from randomly breaking into my room and using my laptop for research. It only happened once a week, if that, and I was really missing him.
Sherlock had become a fast friend, and he treated John like an equal, which was rare. Even the dragons at the Yard had begun to relax around him, joking around with him while Sherlock was busy, much to Sherlock's annoyance.
“Well, the weather was horrid that year. We were completely snowed in, and we couldn’t make it to their house. I was upset, because I had wanted to play-”
The music to “Jingle bell rock” began, and we were dancing to it. All I could hope was that I wasn’t messing up too horribly. Not that the dance moves were difficult, of course. Mostly a lot of hip gyrating that people apparently found sexy.
“I just can’t believe it. I am the only one who knows that his hair colour is fake.” Sebastian freezes when he realises what he said, turning on me quickly. “Don’t tell anyone I said that!”
"Now!" Hope said, looking pleased when John stood. He turned back to his food, but Sherlock could see him watching out of the corner of his eye.
“Thank god you’re here!” She chirped, setting a small latte on the counter and calling out the recipient’s name. “I was worried that you had decided to leave for your parents place early.”
John grinned, sitting down opposite of Sherlock. "Now, are you going to tell me what you're doing here, or am I supposed to guess?"
“We always vote before we ask someone to eat lunch with us.” Sebastian continues as if he never stopped speaking. “Because you have to be considerate of the rest of the group. Same goes with potential boyfriends or girlfriends. You might think you like someone, but you could be wrong.” I’m not sure if I imagine it, but I think I see Sebastian glance over at Jim before turning back to me.
John groaned softly, remembering the pinch he felt as he removed the collar. “This was a test, wasn’t it? You were testing to see if I would escape?”
"We have a visitor," Sherlock announced before striding towards the door, John following helplessly behind him.
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on him, and he glanced up, making sure he was paying attention. He supressed a shiver at the intensity in John’s eyes.
"I can think of one," A dragon by the name of Phillip Anderson said, his yellow scales forming to protect his weak points. "Your pet made a habit of killing people sneakily."
Sherlock’s face broke into a smirk, something that John was fairly confident he would see often. With a gesture of surrender, Sherlock turned, and John took the opportunity to swiftly pull on some jeans and a jumper.
“He understands me.” Sheol said, looking a little uncertain. “He knows what I am, yet he does not judge me. He is the most intelligent human I’ve met.”
Sherlock gazed down at their joined hands for a moment, and John wondered if he had overstepped his boundaries. A small squeeze from Sherlock reassured him, and he squeezed back before letting go.
“You kidnapped me!” John threw his hands up in the air. “I think that qualifies as ‘not nice’, Sherlock!”
“Don’t worry, John. You look fine.” Sherlock tells me, and I grin in response. I figure that even if I wasn’t allowed to like Sherlock, I could still look at him.
“You know, I’m in need of an assistant. A doctor, preferably one that has battle experience.” Sherlock said, watching John carefully. “He has to have nerves of steel, patience, and he needs to love danger. Do you think that would be right up your alley?”
“You have to do it!” Greg and Mike have swept me into a loo, interrogating me as to what had happened during lunch. Mike has completely forgotten his annoyance that I never got his milk, and he is far more interested in my tale. Greg continues talking as his face grows ever more amused. “You have to do it, and then tell us about ever awful thing Victor says!”
He is handsome, no doubt. He has a kind face, which suited him well in his profession. Sherlock studied the man, annoyed to feel a twinge of
"I'm only in the class behind you." Sherlock replied faux-haughtily. "And I'm several years ahead of you in chemistry. It's my best subject, and no one is more qualified to help you with it than I am."
Every head swivelled to look at them, and Sherlock fought the instinct to hide behind the kid in front of him.
"She's made some of the greatest strides in arithmancy in our time!" Jim said, looking excited. "I hear if you take arithmancy at Hogwarts, one of her books is required."
"You okay?" John hissed, as he assessed the damaged to his shoulder. Bleeding and bruised, but at least both their skulls remained intact.
"This is a kidnapping?" Sherlock asked, unsure if he wanted to laugh or cry. "Why are you kidnapping me when you should be going on your sex holiday?"
Sherlock glanced back at the body the blue eyed doctor had referred to as Murray, shocked that the glowing was receding.
When Watson ducked down an alley, Sherlock followed, wondering if this was some kind of shortcut for the human. He was extremely surprised to find himself pinned against the wall just moments later, a wary looking Watson glaring up at him.
“I wish you all the luck.” Sherlock chuckled. “I am a master at hiding things. Go ahead, the rest of my family is asleep.”
“Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective.” Sherlock said, confused at the flurry of emotions that flew across the DI’s face at the mention of his name. For one brief second he debated on asking why his name caught the DI’s attention, but then quickly threw that idea out the window. He needed
“So who are you giving this advice to?” John snorted. “Jim or I? Because we both seem to have the same predicament.”
"We don't know," McGonagall said. "There's no reason for him to have left, no one that has anything against him. Nothing."
"Yeah, this wasn't exactly how I had hoped to tell you." John said, his face flushing a magnificent red.
Molly only shook her head, giving Sherlock a fond smile that reminded him of his mother. Perhaps she would be an okay person to keep around, after all.
the famous John Watson,” A voice distracts me from a snarling Jim getting arrested. It’s Sherlock’s brother, and he’s looking at me curiously, as if I’m some sort of experiment. “I trust you’ll be good to my brother.”
"He went and purchased a new one," Molly said. "When he realized he had forgotten, he stopped by a local shop. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Dr Watson never showed up."
"What are you going to do about that, anyway?" Greg asks me, and I shrug. I had told them all what had happened during lunch a few days before.
“Of course I’ll take out the rubbish.” Sherlock replied, ending with a final chord from the original Paganini before setting his violin down.
“He has the power to steal souls from me.” Sherlock stated, watching as Greg’s face went slack in shock.
It was then that his mobile chirped. Sherlock fished his phone out of his pocket, glaring at the message from Mycroft.
“Is this the part where you threaten me?” I ask with a raised eyebrow. “Because, you know, I’m in a jail cell. I don’t think I’ll be going anywhere anytime soon. You have nothing to worry about.”
"And the scarring on my fin?" John asked, resting his forearms on the edge of the tank. "How could you possibly guess that it was a boat propeller?"
“So, how did you get my number?” I ask as we walk away from the small crowd. Sherlock smirks at me, pulling out a cigarette.
“Not at all. Maybe we can get Sherlock to eliminate the human himself.” The dragon smirked, turning off the screen. “That is what we do best, after all. Convince them that human life is detrimental to their wellbeing. They all believe it, in the end.”
After landing on the soft grass, Sherlock placed the Shooting Star back into the shed. Then, he and John made their way back to the castle, chatting happily the whole way.
"Sherlock Holmes!" The man sang, extending his arms as if greeting an old friend. "How marvellous it is to finally meet you."
washed over them as they approached the building. As they were about to enter, John's phone began to ring.
“To stop being thought of as a freak.” Sherlock admitted finally. “Or, at least to not be called a freak anymore.”
“The law is the law.” Mycroft agreed. “And you have broken it, Watson. You have been sentenced to a lifetime of slavery.”
“You were supposed to call me last night.” A deep voice says. Sebastian glares at Carl, who gives the tall blond a weak grin.
He was holed up in the library, trying to concentrate on his homework, and not the odd, guilty looks Sherlock had been giving him for the past few days.
"And you hate being bored," Sherlock said. "You have a bit of a danger streak, which your family disapproves of."
“Carl Powers.” Sherlock says, turning to me. There is an excited glint in his eyes that knocks the breath out of me. “He was murdered.”
"John! We got a carriage up front!" A voice said, and Sherlock looked up to see a Gryffindor and Hufflepuff standing in the doorway, both wearing matching smiles. "Stop flirting with all the cute first year girls and let’s go!"
“I wouldn’t be surprised.” Cain scoffs, watching Sheol drop gracefully to the ground. “If it weren’t for Abel and me, I would imagine you travelling far and wide, exploring new lands and having grand adventures.”
He turned on his heel at that, slipping out of the room quickly as he worked to regain his thoughts. Playing his violin for John had been almost intoxicating.
John stayed silent, gazing at Sherlock in silent challenge. It was as if Watson wanted Sherlock to prove himself.
"To-Sherlock," John interrupted. "I get it, you felt bad for the broken down soldier, but I promised someone I would go on a date with him, and this reflects badly on me!"
"Very noble of you," Irene said, sitting down across from him. "However, I'm rather sick of his pining."
The humans in the dangerous ward were far less skittish than the rest of the facility. Even though the dangerous humans didn’t show fear, they still reeked of it, causing Sherlock’s nose to wrinkle in disgust. Just when he was about to give up, he saw the perfect specimen. The human didn’t appear to be much at first glance. He was short and understated, blending into his surroundings as though camouflaged, even his blond hair fading into the drab walls. Upon second inspection, Sherlock realised that he was a former soldier in the human-dragon war, the way he held himself suggested that a dragon had wounded his shoulder, most likely a bite wound. Sherlock stopped in front of the cage, peering down at the odd little human, and the human did the most extraordinary thing: he stared back.
that I arrest the perpetrator," Sherlock replied, trying to wipe the grin off his face and failing miserably "How could I refuse?"
I look down at my leg, surprised to see my jeans soaked through with blood. I lift the material, hissing as it scrapes the wound. The gun had fired as I grabbed it from Jim, and I hadn’t noticed in the resulting scuffle.
“Don’t listen to him,” Sherlock interrupts, making his way through the retreating group of guards, Jim glaring back at us as he’s lead along the hall. “He practically runs it. Mycroft, I thought I told you to- John, you’re bleeding.”
As he began walking away from the crowd, a piece of cloth was flung over his eyes, completely blinding him. He let out a startled yelp, which was cut off as a hand covered his mouth, pulling him into what Sherlock assumed was an alley. He struggled against his captor, reaching out to push against their solid body. He deduced that kidnapper was approximately six inches shorter than him, though a good deal stronger.
It was no surprise to anyone that Sherlock quickly became best in his classes. Everything but flying, that was. For some reason, he just couldn't get the knack of it. It was something that his classmates found particularly amusing.
Sheol didn’t need to be told twice. Turning on his heel, he darted out of the angel’s office. Mycroft watched him go, not realising that he wouldn’t see the man for another thousand years.
He sighed softly, not really wanting to begin their repetitive fight so early in the morning. Really, if he could go one day without arguing about his job, his romantic life and his future, it couldn’t come too soon.
"Oho!" Moriarty looked delighted, releasing John immediately, several strands of John's hair ripping out at the rough treatment. "You've grown fond of your little pet."
He was so close to John, and he had no idea what to say to him. Really, the whole trip had been a useless endeavour. He was clearly much better off watching John from afar than trying to talk to him, and what had he been th-
He floated lazily to the top of his tank, breaking the surface of the water. The top was open, a cruel reminder that freedom was so close, yet so impossible. Movement on dry land was difficult for Merfolk, and oxygen would suffocate them within a half hour.
“Don’t worry, Johnny.” Victor whispers. “I’ll talk to Sherlock for you.” He turns, walking over to Sherlock. For one brief second I was confused. Then I remembered my conversation with the light brunette that happened several weeks ago. My face heats up, and I can only watch in detached horror as they begin to talk.
“Oh, you know. I’m doing alright.” John grinned at Sherlock, which caused another flutter in the pits of his stomach. “Barely got any sleep.”
"Your first year at Hogwarts," Violet said, fussing with Sherlock's riot of curls. "You'll have so much fun, I promise. Lot's to learn, of course."
enjoying being able to see him; it might encourage bad behaviour. “I had hoped that our parting would last longer than a day.”
“It’s not your fault.” Donovan said soothingly. “You’ve been very helpful. Now, can you tell me where Mr Holmes took Mr Watson?”
“Oh god, you probably stormed in one day, told them about your boyfriend, then flounced off again.” John cut in, looking amused.
name is Gregory Lestrade, though he hardly knows I exist.” Mycroft said, keeping his eyes fixed on the food he was piling in front of himself.
“Hello, Father.” Sherlock responded, and, realising that he was pacing, promptly sat down in the worn leather chair near the fireplace. “What can I do for you?”
Victor smiles at me, pulling me into a hug. “Oh, Johnny! I knew you wouldn’t be mad. I mean, Sherlock and I make the
His eyes snapped open to look for the sound of the intruder, finding him almost instantaneously. The human from earlier, the one that observed so keenly, lay above him on the scaffolding the other humans used to feed him. He was stretched across the metal, looking down at John with obvious curiosity.
"I...well, we're friends," I say, and I can feel my face growing hot. "Well, maybe more than friends? We haven't really defined it yet, I suppose. We kissed?"
"I have no friends in France, John, of course I'll text you." Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, which was beginning to get too long. It was probably time for another haircut.
“I’ll give you back, I promise.” Sherlock said. “Just a weekend of pretending to be Victor. He is a business owner, which I’m sure you could pull off.”
Sheol and destruction are insatiable; so the eyes of man are never satisfied. Proverbs 27:20 Darby Bible Translation.
Sherlock hummed to himself, his fingertips pressed together, forming a steeple under his chin. How would one capture a human such as Dr Watson? He hoped it wouldn’t be too difficult.
The Gryffindor vs Ravenclaw game was unbearably hot, and Sherlock regretted his decision to wear his scarf to the game.
"Won't any of you take my letter?" Sherlock huffed after the eighth owl turned away. He stomped his foot in annoyance. "Oh, come
With a heavy heart, Sherlock made his way away from the door, sitting down on a bench with a heavy thud.
"You didn't expect me to record your conversation with John?" Sherlock asks, raising an eyebrow in disbelief.
“Oh and, Captain, you have forgotten your medicines for a certain type of skin allergy you’ve been suffering from. Hence, the skin rashes those are re appearing around your neck once again. Don’t worry John; it doesn’t seem contagious because if it really were, he would not have attended the dinner tonight. Also, while stepping out of your car and walking across the pavement you accidentally stepped on the small puddle, your shoes still have a few dry stains, you might want to go clean that up and-”
“John’s in his chamber now, I called him a while ago. He didn’t say anything about the letter, sounded rather normal.”
And just between the differences of a few months, now he is sitting on the same couch, at the same time: two thirty at night, same room. In front of him stood that very armchair where his companion used to sit; but the only thing missing was- John himself.
“Well, for now it’s just the two of us.” Doctor Watson smiled, cuddling Mary. “Let’s just enjoy the time here.”
The two had to part from each other once the party was over. Now he is lying on the bed with eyes wide open, staring at the ceiling while Mary sleeping peacefully beside him.
“Yes, but not for long. I had to go get some things hence walked down to the departmental store on the opposite street. Just for fifteen minutes or so.” Replied Mary.
“Oh no no no, it’s alright.” Sherlock said in a typical voice. “You guys go and have fun, Lestrade seems to keep a case on store, and it’s quite something. I’d rather stay here and go on with it.”
Sherlock did not utter a word. His chin was resting upon his fingers. Eyes still, calm attitude- indicators of his thinking process. Miss Morstan shifted uncomfortably in her seat while looking around. She herself was nervous and also, a little embarrassed due to all the inconveniences she had caused to the dwellers of 221B. The clock of her phone reminded her that it was about 6am and she could do nothing but only hope for her fiancé to remain asleep.
“Oh, well, what's so odd about that?” Molly took another pipette and slowly dropped another chemical on the specimen of blood.
Playing the violin at 3am in the night was something he found utterly annoying in the first place. Nowadays, his mind longs for the music often in the long, sleepless nights. Just like this night. They were never a source of headache for John, never an annoyance. It helped his best friend to think, and him, to close his eyes and listen while pretending to be asleep. However, he would soon doze off within a short span of time for most of the part, but he did not mind. They were his lullabies that helped him to fall asleep... However, not tonight.
John and others present there heard the quick descriptions with mute amazement. Then, giving the detective a nod, Lestrade turned around to give the others further instructions. Leaving the rest upon the hands of the Yard, Sherlock and John walked out of the crime scene- just like the old days.
“Mr. Holmes, don’t make me turn all impolite here. This simply is not fair. Even during the smallest of requirements, I may come in handy.”
The stupid words of his own voice kept running for a while before the woman sitting on his right interrupted him. He already thought of attempting to remember the woman but the thoughts just got ahold of him before doing so. She smiled politely at Sherlock before speaking up first.
“Do you see the bushes behind those fields? There's a route behind which leads straight out of this place, towards the Highlands.”
It was more than two months since the dinner incident when John had to leave him alone to dine in respond to Mary’s phone call but it was still fresh in his head. For some unknown reason, he did not succeed in deleting that incident from his ‘hard drive’. When they all sat down for dinner, the memory just appeared before him out of nowhere. John was sitting beside his wife across him, pity that the detective could not manage a seat beside his old mate. Beside him sat a young woman in red who somewhat seemed like an awkwardly familiar face. Sherlock exchanged a few glances with the woman from time to time, sometimes smiling, sometimes not.
After the dinner, they were to attend a performance of the London Symphony Orchestra. It was obvious that the guests danced in couples along with the marvelous music on the background. The detective stood on a corner of the hall, watching the couples dance throughout the hall. His gray eyes did not miss some of the dancers whom he had made assumptions about- especially the son of Captain Phillips and the personal secretary. The old man was engaged in a conversation across the hall with Mycroft that prevented him to have a look at the couple.
The next moments were of listening to Sherlock’s monologue for both John and Lestrade- how Sherlock got into all these, consequently solving the murder.
“But where to? Any reason or plan in particular?” John looked away for a few seconds before looking at him frowning in confusion once again. “And we… What do you mean by
The crowd fell into a silence all on a sudden as everyone stared at the detective who was standing beside his brother at that moment.
Sherlock's deep whisper echoed back and forth in his ears as he felt a soft yet tender press of lips on his cheek whilst he slowly closed his eyelids.
Sherlock gets a new case from someone he genuinely had not expected however, things turn out to be quite hazy and unusual fro the detective whilst working on it. Meanwhile, John keeps reminiscing about his old days with the detective and slowly starts to showing hints of his possessive nature.
The two of them remained quiet for the rest of the time. He was annoyed, much more than the last time when he was standing and listening to the chattering of his brother.
“Oh dear Lord...” John whispered to himself and nodded. “Well, it's about a hare and a tortoise who decide to run a race. Whoever would reach the finish line first…”
Just the usual scene- the tall man in black coat bending over a pale dead body while checking every single detail with the help of his magnifying glass.
