“Not one to mix business with pleasure,” she nodded approvingly, “I respect that, but it’s alright if
John drifts off to sleep to the rustle of pages turning and the whisper of Sherlock’s soft breathing. When he wakes a few hours later Sherlock is folding Lestrade’s evidence reports into paper airplanes. There’s an impressive variety - the standard harrier design, one shaped like a fighter jet, another with a fan-like tail, a wide-winged glider and a bottle-nosed dart.
John looks up in surprise. It’s not that Sherlock never pitches in around the flat, though his helpfulness tends to come in unpredictable waves that last for a couple of days then vanish just when John is getting used to having clean dishes in the cabinets. But on these occasions Sherlock usually just deduces what he wants instead of asking. There’s a sort of uncertainty in the way he looks at John now.
As this thought passed through his mind the music changed into something less soothing, more demanding and John’s addled brain knew immediately that this time it was a message directly for him:
“Nothing immediately,” John said, “I think Harry ended up dating that girl for a couple of months. I just did whatever I could to keep the peace until I left for uni.”
“Ah, Watson,” he said as I joined them, “You’re just in time. This young woman was just getting me caught up on the news.”
“Look,” he said, running a hand through his hair, “I’m sorry. I’m just…It’s been a long day. Let’s just try to get some sleep.”
After the first five stairs we were plunged into complete darkness and I held tight to the sleeve of my friend’s cloak so we would not get separated. In this manner we groped our way down the corridor, each of us keeping one hand upon the wall. I was just about to say I hoped there would not be any passageways to choose from when we reached the end of the tunnel.
“I know, I’m just saying that’s why she remembered you. She said she was surprised at first when she heard you had a kid. But then she saw you with Rosie and that’s what made her trust you.”
Sherlock claimed that John’s help would make or break the case, but how was he supposed to be helpful if he was locked out here with Sherlock ignoring his calls to be let in. He’d been half ready to head back to Baker Street on his own to salvage what he could of his day off when two police cars pulled up, sirens blaring. A second later he received a text saying simply:
On the third day John is unsurprised to see another rose sitting on the table, though he is a little surprised at the color - lavender.
“Why on earth would I do that?” he’d asked before brushing a stray pine needle from Sherlock’s hair.
John dropped the shopping on the kitchen table then reached around Sherlock and popped a spoonful of dough into his mouth.
An overwhelming sense of helplessness washes over John and he does the only thing he can think to do, which is to slide in beside Sherlock and pull him into his arms. He whispers wordless sounds of comfort and brings his cheek to rest against Sherlock’s soft curls. After a while Sherlock’s sobs turn to little hiccups, then his breathing evens out but he stays buried in John’s arms.
John has never seen him so vulnerable before. Rosie’s been sleeping through the night much better since they moved back to Baker Street so John nods and slips out just long enough to fetch the baby monitor. When he returns Sherlock scoots over to the far side of the bed and John places a hand on the covers. Then he freezes when he realizes the significance of what he’s about to do.
, John thought as he shoved the money over, then hurried after Sherlock before anyone in the station could comment further.
“Thought you might like breakfast,” Sherlock says, nodding at the box and revealing a pot of tea that was hidden behind the assembly of flowers.
“This is nothing,” John says. He flexes his foot tentatively and gives a slight grimace. “Bit inconvenient at the moment but I’m fine.”
“Here,” he said, “Just start slow. Bend your knees a bit and shift your weight to the balls of your feet.”
The Doctor pushed himself in the willing body, and shoved his hand between mattress and Sherlock’s body to grab his cock. It was hard, hot and pulsing under his fingers. After a few pulls Sherlock came hard. His orgasms triggered Johns instantly and he shot his load in the warm waiting body, making Sherlock whimper. The doctor pulled out. Sherlock winced a bit.
John let his fingers trail over the seam of his lips, before bending over and kissing the corner of his mouth very lightly. He kissed the full lips of the slightly open mouth. Sherlocks breath was stuttering with this very simple ministration. John licked lightly at the seams of Sherlocks lips, till he could feel the shy touch of Sherlocks responding tongue. John let himself sink into the kiss. Sherlocks warm mouth tasted fantastic, and he was so responsive, just like his brother. John let his hand wander over the lean column of Sherlocks neck, down over his ribcage to loose Sherlocks dark purple shirt out of his trousers. Sherlocks skin under his shirt was burning hot. John undid the buttons and let the shirt fall open.
Sherlock woke up slowly. He was lying on a warm cuddly cushion and felt oddly relaxed for the first time in weeks. After blinking one eye open he froze completely. He wasn’t lying on a cushion, he was lying on a chest, a naked chest, the naked chest of his brother.
John is thinking fast, his plan was for Mycroft to turn around, and torture his nipples, his soft belly and his caged cock with the riding crop. His Mycroft loves pain but he thinks that today it is enough of the crop.
John loves watching as Mycroft lowers himself on his cock. The look of concentration on his face, when he pushes himself down, the flicker of pain and then the utter bliss when fully seated.
Sherlock threw the phone at the wall. Fuck Mycroft and his bloody cams. Then after a short amount of rethinking his actions, he went over to the fireplace and picked up the card that lay besides the skull. He read the name on the card again. “John Watson”, could anybody think of a more common and more boring name? Despite his thoughts he called the number on it.
Greg takes the clothing out of Sherlocks arms and tips his chin up with his right hand. He looks into these beautiful but unsure eyes.
John tugs Mycroft of his cock, and pushes a bottle of lube in his hand. “Prepare yourself, make it quick. You will sleep with my cum inside your slutty hole.”
He led him to the bedroom, and turned around. John put his hands on Sherlock’s neck, caressed his silky black curls and gently pulled him down in a passionate kiss. Sherlock went limp in his arms almost instantly. “Let’s get you out of the clothes. I prefer my men naked” He slowly opened button after button on Sherlock’s shirt and let his hands glide over the perfect masculine chest in front of him. A quick flick with the thumb on one nipple elicited a perfect little moan from the detective. The doctor got on his knees and pushed trousers and pants down over lean but muscled legs. When he got up to have a look at Sherlock, his gaze felt on his face. There it was again, the unbelievable unsecure look.
“Good boy”, John purrs. Sherlock can see the slight blush on Mycrofts face. John takes the key from Mycroft’s hands and begins to unlock him. In the moment the older brothers cock is free, it gets hard instantly.
“You seemed to care for me. You put a blanket over me, when I was sleeping on the couch” Sherlock looked down to his own hands. “I’m sorry I often get these things wrong, I thought you like me.” He stopped, looking in Greg’s eyes searching for something. “I deduced that you would like a blow job from me, you stare on my mouth always a bit too long.  You want to be rough with me. You know you can do that, you know?” He looks just a bit unsure if he should continue. “I would allow it, if you want to hold me down, to dominate me, you can hurt me if you want, too. I just, ...” He stops briefly. “I just don’t want to be so lonely anymore”.
Mycroft looked up surprised when Sherlock just went for the door. “I’m going on a case”, was all they could hear before the door banged shut. John also swallowed his mouthful of tea and looked a bit bewildered. “Do you think he is okay?” asked John. “I’m going to increase my brothers’ surveillance, and then we will see.” , answered Mycroft already tipping on his smartphone.
John looks down at the person crawling towards him, beautifully marked, wincing from pain, and truthfully thankful for being allowed to wrap his mouth around his cock. John puts his hand on Mycroft’s head and cards his hand through the soft hair in a soothing manner.
Sherlock lets his finger glide over the chest in front of him. He marvelled at that. Feeling the soft, pale skin of his brother under his fingers, the few chest hair, letting his fingers run over a pale pink nipple, he heard a gasp. His brothers pupils were fully dilated, just from this. Carefully, he licked at one nipple with the tip of his tongue. He played with the little nub, and bit it playfully.
Sherlock looks at him with big eyes, and crawls backwards and out of the bed. He picks up something of the floor, obviously his discarded clothes and presses them to his chest. He turns around to flee the room.
“You should see yourself, your hole is so slippery and open. Mhh. I like how it opens up to this toy. We are not nearly at the widest point of it. I love how you stretch around it. Do you like it, too?” Mycroft presses his eyes closed as the pressure continues Oh how he loves it, when John speaks to him like that. The stretch is nearly unbearable at the moment. He could only imaging how he looks, like that. His hole trying to take all, John is ready to give to him. At the widest point of the toy, John stopps, holding it still and tracing the strained rim with a gentle fingertip, then pushing it in fully. “ Sorry, couldn't resist” John grins at him and pulls him up with a kiss and in the dircetion of the shower.
The man in front of him takes this as a hint and shoves his cock deep into Mycroft's mouth. His eyes watering at this sudden intrusion, blocking his airway. At the same time one of the men behind him, lines his bare cock up with his hole and pushes in, steady and relentless. Mycroft is filled on both sides, he can't breath and his mind is calm. It's nothing he can do, besides letting them use him in any way they want. The cock in his mouth pulls out for a bit, letting him breath for a few moments before pushing back in and fucking his mouth in earnest. The cock he is impaled on, also setting a punishing rhythm, and pushing him forward with each thrust.
“Shit, come in”. John grabbed his arm, manoeuvred him through the sitting room and pushed him gently in the chair.
Mycrofts gets on his knees, and taking one of Johns jeans clad legs between his, he starts to rub himself on Johns shin. It hurts, like nothing did before. The fabric to rough on his sensitive cock, but he is still hard. He tries to get faster to shorten the agony. To his astonishment Johns jeans get a bit wet, from the precome he leaks and smears all over it. Mycroft looks up into John's eyes, a desperate look on his face. John smiles at him, wiping the tears from his face and orders him to come. With a surprised expression on his face Mycroft actually comes.
Mycroft blushes all over, he new they would love that. To see him, humping a cushion on the ground. It couldn't get much more humiliating than that. He hears someone placing something under him. Then the man in front of him tells him. “If you want to come, go for it” Mycroft spreads his legs as wide as he could, to get near enough to the ground, for his cock to come into contact with the cushion. He tries to rub his aching cock over the ornate fabric, but every time he pushes, the cushion slips away. He tries to put a bit more weight on it, but the result is the same. The men are laughing at his more and more desperate tries to humping the cushion. One of the men eventually steadies the cushion with a foot, to make it at least doable. Mycroft rubs his cock over the fabric. Precome making it wet. He doesn't want to imagine what he looks like. He could feel a bit of the semen the man put in him leaking from his hole as he desperately tries to reach orgasm. Hi is making little moans and whimpers with each thrust against this pillow. It's chafing his sensitive dick, but it is a good hurt. He gets a bit louder at the end, and he is shuddering through his orgasm.
John knew instantly that this was new for Sherlock, he was so fucking tight. He shot a look at Mycroft who understood. “Is this what you really want, little one?” Mycroft asked Sherlock.
Sherlock just blinked a few times, this needed processing. He rearranged his body in the requested position, but his mind was screaming at him. What did John want to do to him in this position, why wasn’t he acting like predicted? He couldn’t stop himself, he had to know…
“Bend over Mycroft, I want that my sperm stays in your nice slutty hole” With that words John pushed the middle-sized but plug without much resistance up Mycroft’s arse.
John repositioned them, in a way that both of them were laying on the sofa, with Sherlocks sweaty head tucked under his chin. He spread the blanket over both of them and cuddled him close.
Sherlock was already bored. Just because he never had been using the services of a dom doesn’t mean he didn’t know how these things worked. He would demand that Sherlock would strip, kneel in front of him to humiliate him, maybe inflict some pain on him and the whole farce would end in him giving John a blowjob. While he didn’t have a problem with that, he certainly had sucked enough cock in exchange for cocaine, he really didn’t understand how this should help him. Fuck his brother for getting him in this situation.
John circles Mycroft slowly, spreading his knees a bit more. He likes to watch him, like this. John takes the riding crop in hand and stands in front of Mycroft.
Sherlock sat down on the couch and looked at the little girl in his arms. It was astounding to him that he was trusted with someone so precious to Greg (of course he knows his name). Annie wore grey trousers and a white and green striped shirt with little trains on it. At the moment she was sort of grinning at him and trying to stuff her little fist into her mouth.
Sherlock felt John pull at his cock with just the perfect pressure. He panted and dared to look in the mirror. His usually milky white skin was flushed, his eyes dilated. He was sitting in John’s lap, his knees spread apart to accommodate Johns. He was thrusting forward in this strong hand and panted and then he went completely rigid when he looked in the shocked face of his brother.
Sherlock lets his tongue swirl over the nipple in his mouth, and suckles softly on it.  His brothers breathing gets faster and the trembling escalates into writhing. Sherlock bits his nipple and Mycroft comes untouched with a cry.
Mycroft is trying to get away from the pain. It is unbearable. “Please, please, I’m sorry I moved, but please don’t hit me there again” begged Mycroft.
John went up, put his cup on the coffee table and sat down on the leather sofa. He let his gaze wander over Sherlock. John was good in his Job, very good. Not because he knew all the techniques to get them to submit themselves, to hurt them or to humiliate them, but he knew instinctively what each of his subs needed from him. He got over all the information he got from Mycroft. He couldn’t help himself but to compare this lean man in front of him to his brother. They weren’t so similar in looks, but the lean build and the posh attitude were definitely the same.
Mycroft trembled, but even if it burned like hell he could already feel the pleasure taking over again, and he came a second time within minutes.
John looks at Mycroft, who is shivering with anticipation. He is on all fours besides his chair, with Johns right hand resting on the small of his back. Getting him ready had aroused them both. Mycroft is naked, but wearing a black leather hood which has only one opening for his mouth. They cant risk anyone recognizing him, so the hood stays on all the time and Mycroft isn't allowed to talk.
“Sherlock spread your legs a bit more, for me” Sherlock did as he was told. John gently massaged his balls, and the sensitive skin behind.
With that, Greg crawls back under the covers, holding one end up for Sherlock to join him. Sherlock looks unsure, but follows him and lays down on his back next to Lestrade, staring at the ceiling.
Halfway into his musings Lestrade came back, took his daughter and gave him a bowl with vegetable soup.  “Eat Sherlock, I don’t have the nerves to coax food into two kids.” The warm soup actually tasted quite good and Sherlock watched as Greg fed his daughter spoon after spoon.
“Sherlock, lie down on your back under Mycroft’s chest. Mycroft lower your upper half down enough to allow Sherlock to suckle on your nipples. He seems to be quite fond of them.” John chuckled, and while he got up to get the prostate stimulator, he told Sherlock: “You can also bite them if you like”
He pulls Sherlock to his side, till the younger men rests his head in the crook of his neck. Sherlock is totally naked but not aroused. Still not knowing if this is allowed, Sherlock puts one hand on Greg’s chest. Greg looks down and smiles at him, kissing him on the temple. Greg lets his right hand wander over Sherlocks back, slowly caressing him. The first reaction is Goosebumps all over the younger man’s skin, the second reaction is that Greg could feel Sherlock slowly relax into his side. Greg cuddles him even closer and covers the hand on his chest with his own. He smiles when he hears a light snore coming from Sherlock.
To his surprise, Sherlock did just that. It was another gruesome case involving kids. Usually he shuts himself down emotionally in order to concentrate on solving the case. He had never had a problem doing this hence his self-diagnosed sociopathy. The difficulty was that he couldn’t do it anymore. Since his last visit, two things had changed dramatically. First, he remembered that as a child he had feelings. Feelings of happiness, sadness, and all things between. He remembered that he liked to be touched, to be cuddled, to be held. Second was that he couldn’t sleep anymore, even less so than on normal nights. He was aroused constantly. A problem he haven’t had since he was a teen. The lack of sleep in combination with all the sudden changes in body and mind were too much. He didn’t understand what was happening with him and that triggered the panic-attack.
“Don’t hide from me. I want to hear every sound. I like to hear it when I do things to you. I also want to watch you twitch, to pant, to come. You look so beautiful like this. Look in the mirror next to the door; look at how gorgeous you are like this. Can you feel what you do to me, can you feel how hard I am for you” Then John heard a shocked gasp.
Three month later Greg was contacted by the slightly intimidating Mycroft Holmes. He was asked to let Sherlock help him, as an incentive for him to stay clean in return. Greg didn’t really knew what he should think about that. He just wanted to forget the boy with the unusual features, and tempting big eyes. He was totally aware of the fact, that the attraction he felt for that young boy was more than a bit not good. In addition, since meeting the boy only for a few hours, he felt the urge to somehow care for him.
The man in front of him lets him go and Mycroft hangs his head, while he feels the men coming into him. After a few seconds the man behind him pulls out, and Mycroft feels empty. The two men looking at his twitching open hole, one of them feeling the rim and pushing some of the leaking come back in. The one on his side, gives Mycroft's dick a few slaps. “Look how hard this poor puppy is, should we let him come?”
Greg rubs his head to disengage himself from his musing, and steps to the couch to pick up the blanket, which has fallen to the ground. He spreads the blanket over the sleeping detective, and can’t resist the temptation to let his fingers trail over one cheekbone.
This chapter is no plot and pure smut. Be aware of the new tags. Don't be mad at me, if it's not up to the usual standard, i wrote it in a rush.
“That’s definitely true” John said with a chuckle behind Sherlock’s back. Only now Sherlock became aware of the warm person lying behind him.
A muttered “Good morning, love” had the desired effect. Mycroft still wasn’t used to endearments and a blushing Holmes was a sight to behold.
“Sherlock get under your brother and lick at his slit.” Sherlock could see John’s hand rudely wanking his brother’s cock. With every stroke, he could see the red, overstimulated head. It looked delicious. He lapped at the slit. His brother jerked away. John kept the head exposed to Sherlock, who started to suckle at it unapologetically.
“Yes, very much, please. I was so distracted, I almost caused an incident in the middle east.” The most adorable blush anyone could imaging accompanied this.
Mycroft inhales deeply and can smell and feel the arousal of the man. Tentatively he puts his tongue out, and laps at the hard bulge he can feel trough the jeans. At the same time he can feel the hands of the others all over his body, petting, probing. One of them is parting his cheeks, and looks at his hole.
It took Sherlock a few seconds until he focussed on Johns eyes. John trailed his fingers over Sherlocks face, his impossibly high cheekbones, around his lips.
Greg moans as these beautiful lips stretch over his dick. He never thought the day would come when he could push his throbbing cock into the brilliant mouth of Sherlock Holmes. Greg reaches down to grip a handful of the silky locks, holds him there to thrust deep into his throat. The resulting retching, doesn’t sound quite right, however. Greg wakes up abruptly and senses a lot of things at once.
Mycroft puts the cups on the table and steps closer. He looks down, when John takes his cock in one hand, and begins to slap it with the other one.
“As your brother showed you Sherlock, sexuality can be very different, but it is never something one should be ashamed of.”
John is grinning, slightly. This is something the brothers have in common. Both love to be kissed. They have gorgeous mouths, sinful lips and their unique taste.
He silently entered Baker Street to avoid the inquisitive Mrs. Hudson. He couldn’t stand answering anyone just now. Upstairs he slumped on his chair, face in hand. Could he have done anything faster? Did he miss something, which would have saved the kids in a shorter amount of time? Donovan was right, he wasn’t at his best at this case. His mind didn’t seem to function correctly, when it were kids who were in danger. He loved kids, kids were honest and direct and curious about anything in life.  Only when they get older they become boring, annoying and narrow minded adults. Why was it so fucking hard to do this right, he had done everything to find them as fast as possible. But it was never enough. He sighed, he really longed for a fix. What would it matter if he shoot up again? It’s not as if anybody would care. As he was thinking on where to get some drugs in the middle of the afternoon, the telephone rang.
Mycroft is wincing of pain, while he crawls to the armchair his balls are on fire. He settles between Johns spread legs on his knees, hands folded in his lap. John switches on the TV and Mycroft takes Johns wonderful cock in his mouth. He loves that. John is carding his fingers through his hair. Mycroft looks up at John who isn’t interested in him at all, his eyes are on the news. Mycroft is calm, mind and body.
“Turn around. I don’t think laying on your back is a good idea, anytime soon.” John gets on his knees in front of Mycroft and holds the key up for him to see. Mycroft’s eyes are going huge at this.
John looks at Mycroft, who stares down at his hands. John stops and runs his fingers over Mycroft’s cock, rubs at his glans and slowly over his slit. He looks in Mycrofts panting face.
So this is not just a milking, he will actually let me out. Mycroft looks down and watches as John is unlocking his cage. The moment his cock is free, it gets hard. Mycroft is panting, is he allowed touching it? He hasn’t felt his uncaged cock for month. But just then John is leaning forward and licks at his slit. Mycroft whimpers he could come from this bit of contact right now. John now looks at him with a twinkle in his eyes and wraps his mouth just around his glans. He lightly suckles at the head of his cock and Mycroft is coming hard in no time. Mycroft’s knees buckle and if it were not for John he would be lying in a heap on the floor.
With that, John turns around and makes himself comfortable in his chair. He watches when Mycroft comes into the living room, with two cups in hand. He looks striking, in his prim suit, with his hard cock hanging out, and an already flushed face.
The blanket gave Sherlock hope; maybe Victor still cared for him. Therefore, he got to his feet and stumbled into the kitchen. First he washed the soil off his face at the sink. Then he started to make breakfast for them. After the toast was ready, he heard the bedroom door opening. Sherlock turned around with a hopeful smile on his face. “Good morning, I made us breakfast.” Victor stared at him for about 10 seconds and then started to laugh loudly at him. “You don’t really think I would eat breakfast with a filthy slut like you? And by the way you shouldn’t eat either, if you become fat in addition to your ugly face, nobody will even want to fuck your dirty mouth.” In hindsight, this was the breaking point. It took three more month, until a young Lestrade found him in an abandoned house during a drug raid.
Sherlock didn’t really know where to go. He didn’t want to go to his flat, sitting there alone would just increase his need to shoot up. The same applied to his homeless network, it was far too easy to get drugs there. There was no way that Molly was at the morgue at a Sunday, so no reason to go to St. Barts. This just left him with Lestrade. The case had just been a ruse to get out of Johns flat unquestioned, but maybe he could persuade him to give him one of the cold cases.
John looked up as he heard the key in the lock. Mycroft came in wearing a dark grey suit, his umbrella and an expression of great apprehension on his face. He was uncharacteristically fiddling with the handle of his beloved umbrella. Even if Mycroft does not hide his emotions from him anymore, this would be obvious for anyone to see.
Mycroft, leans a bit forward to do as he is told, as he can feel one finger slowly penetrating him. The finger is pulled out, then replaced with two circling his rim, then pushing inside again. Mycroft thought what he must look like to John, eagerly lapping on one man's cock while trying to fuck himself on the fingers of some other men. One of them grips Mycroft's hard dick.
The stimulator kept on buzzing and John took Mycroft’s cock in hand like the most precious thing in the world. He smeared some of the cum over the swollen exposed head and massaged the slit with his thumb. Mycroft cried out at this and coiled up. “Please Sir, stop. Please”
To date Greg didn’t forget his surprise in hearing that dark voice, and the split second in which his mind wasn’t quite sure about his decision. In the end he did the right thing, arrested Sherlock and had the questionable pleasure to meet the second Holmes within an hour. All charges against Sherlock vanished mysteriously and he was brought to a probably very expansive and very discreet rehab centre.
John stroked Sherlock’s palm with his thumb. “What you’re experiencing is quite normal; you just aren’t used to it, because you have repressed it for so long”
“I know this look on your face. I’d like to recommend you to call the number I gave you last month. If you follow your previous intention I can assure you, this time rehab will not be so pleasant.”
Sherlock could see, that Mycroft struggled to keep himself on all four. But John kept the toy inside his brother buzzing cruelly. He put his hand on Mycroft’s soft cock, and started to wank him, steadily.
“Oh, Mycroft”, John met the other man by the door, put his hand on Mycroft’s neck, and pulled slowly until Mycroft’s head was resting on his shoulder. “He is going to be fine, don’t worry so much.” John knows how difficult it has been for the older brother to suggest that he should take Sherlock as a sub, too. John was the only one, to whom Mycroft could show his vulnerable side. He thought it dangerous having Sherlock so close to his alleged weak spot. On the other hand he also loves his little brother and was quite certain that John could be exactly what Sherlock needs.
The third men positions himself in front of him, the moment the other is gone. But instead of pushing in like Mycroft had him expected to do. He presses his thighs a bit more to his chest and opens him up a bit more. Then he just looks at his quivering hole. Mycroft doesn't want to, but he loves it. When some of his colleagues could see him like that. This thought was interrupted by the man's thumb popping in and out of his hole, teasing the red rim. When the man pushes two of his fingers inside feeling the cum and smearing it at his rim, Mycroft could feel his cock twitch. The man scissors his fingers, then pushes three of his thick fingers inside, stretching him, then pulling out and watching his open hole.  The man plays with his rim, pushing his fingers in repeatedly, never deep, but circling the red rim, caressing it.  Mycroft is ashamed of his neediness but he tries to push down on them, push them deeper. With a growl the third man positions himself and fucks him in his already sloppy hole. A hand grips his dick and pulls him in the same pace the man pounds into him. Mycroft is exhausted but fully hard again as the third men comes with a few grunts deep inside him. That's how they left him.
The Doctor nodded. He prepared Sherlock as gently as possible. John had to force himself to go slowly as he entered Sherlock for the first time. His own long neglected cock would prefer a much more forceful encounter.
With that John gently ruffled his hair, scraped his fingers over his scalp. Sherlock had to close his eyes. He didn’t want to feel this, didn’t want the memory. It hurt too much. It was so long somebody had touched him in that way. The last time was when he was a kid. He had promised himself he would never think back to that time again, but he could never forget it, never delete it. He was a curious 5 year old, with a mop of curly hair, following the most important person in his world, his brother, everywhere. He would show his brother the experiments he did with the frogspawn of the pond. Mycroft would patiently explain him the scientific background to his findings and then would gently ruffle through his curls. He loved him, then his brother left, went to school and abandoned him. He was alone.
“ Shhhh Sherlock, calm down, this is exactly the reason you are here. This is for you to stop thinking, stop deducing what’s going to happen next, stop being responsible for anything that happens. Everything that happens here will so because I want it, because I decided that it is something you need. In this flat you are my responsibility. I’m going to care for you.”
John gets up again, to stand in front of Mycroft. He takes his caged cock possessively in hand. He can feel the warm soft skin, under the hard metal. “Do you like that, Mycroft? Do you like it when I hold your useless cock in my hand? I am not sure if I’m inclined to let you come anytime soon.”
“Now you can show me what that pink tongue of you can do, I want you to lick my cock like a good little puppy and if you are good maybe I let you suck it, too”
In the end, his consideration didn’t matter at all. Because, when Mycroft Holmes asks you to do something, it isn’t optional.
“Sherlock, I don’t know who told you differently, but you are gorgeous. Come here, kneel on the bed, and face the door.” John got around the bed and looked at Sherlock, spine rigid and unsure how to behave in this situation. The doctor got on the bed and knelt directly behind the detective. He put his hand on Sherlock’s chest and pulled him to his chest. Sherlock was sitting practically on Johns lap now, his thighs bracketing Johns and his back pressed to the Doctors front. John kissed Sherlock’s shoulder, and caressed his belly with one hand. The hand wandered downward and grabbed his cook, for slow perfect pulls. Sherlock tried to supress a moan.
John watched fascinated the interaction between the two brothers. Sherlock looked gorgeous like that. He looked utterly sinful in the way he was draped over his brother, at the same time he looked so very vulnerable being the only one naked. The Doctor got up to get the lube out of the nightstand. He put some on his fingers, and warmed it a bit.
As he re-entered his living room, the empty bowl was standing on the floor and a softly snoring detective was occupying his couch. Lestrade spread a blanket over the sleeping person and gave into the impulse to ruffle through the dark curls on Sherlock’s head. Afterwards he snapped a picture and attached it to a short message to Mr. Holmes.
Mycroft didn't know how much time has passed, but someone lifts his head and opens the zipper on the back of his hood. As he opens his eyes he sees Johns smiling face. Mycroft gets a soft kiss on his sweaty temple. John is holding a really big but plug in his hand. “You were absolutely gorgeous! I want to work this into you, to get all their mixed sperm in your little dirty hole, then we get you into shower and then I have a last surprise for you as promised”
Greg really doesn’t know what to say. Of course, he had these fantasies. There were times, when the consulting detective was at his arrogant and cocky best, he’d very much like to shove him over the next table, pull down his expansive trousers and fuck him into submission. But that doesn’t stop him from caring for Sherlock. And just now, with this insecure and vulnerable man beside him, nothing is further from his mind. He isn’t sure what he is angrier about. Is it the fact, that Sherlock thought so low of him to assume he would only be there for him, if he would be sexually available? Or is he really angry at the person who made Sherlock think so low of himself, who made this brilliant man believe nobody could be interested in him as a person.
Sherlock stared in Mycroft’s face. Thought of all the times they had quarrelled and how his brother had hurt him by leaving him. He thought that he desperately wanted him here, he wanted to be looked after by his big brother.
“Get to the bedroom, I’ll be with you in a few seconds” Mycroft turns around and leaves in the direction of the bedroom. John just grabs a nice pink but plug, and his special set of keys before following him.
“Oh, no Mycroft. I will not tell you what he said or what we did, as I won’t tell him specifics about us. But I can assure you that I honestly don’t think he is in immediate danger, just a bit starved for human contact.”
“Let’s get this started. I want you on all fours, here on the living room floor, Mycroft. I’ll get everything I need and I want you in position by the time I come back.”
With that, John presses Mycroft to the door, and kisses him slowly. His hands are wandering between the slightly warm shirt, and his suit jacket, cupping his hips and grinding their hips together. As John lets his hands trail down to Mycroft’s crotch, he whimpers. He opens Mycroft’s fly, pushes his pants down und frees his cock. John steps back, gets the key out of his pocket, and unlocks the cage with practised hands. He holds Mycroft’s hardening cock in his hands, when he tells him:
“Oh my dirty boy. You love it, don’t you? You love that I can order you to do that. I tell you to let your cock hang out for me to see and you go hard like the slut you are. It’s humiliating to walk around like this and knowing that I can touch or hurt you, at any time, but you love it anyway, don’t you? Come here”
John wields the crop again and hits him hard. Mycroft screams at the impact. John let him get his breath back under control until he hits him a second time. Mycroft screams again and tries to scramble away.
John looked up as he heard a whimper from Mycroft. Sherlock had latched on one of his nipples and now suckled at it with enthusiasm, as a child would do. Mycroft’s pupils were all black, he would be hard as rock, if it weren’t for his cage, grinned John.
“No I don’t think so, John. He is with Detective Inspector Lestrade. I think Sherlock is in no immediate danger at the moment.” The scene they wanted to do today, was the result of weeks of planning. The right people had to be chosen. Then they had to do a security check on them, which was realised, very thoroughly, by Anthea. And last but not least, any of them needed an absolutely clean state of health.
That is what John loves about Mycroft. No one else is allowed to see him like this. No one but him. Everyone only gets to know, the public persona, the man who has the power to start or end wars, the iceman.
After 15 minutes, John looks down again. He is as hard as before. Mycroft’s mouth is warm and wet. Spit is running down his face, but he is looking at him patiently. “Ok, slut. Put that mouth of yours into good use. Suck me and make it good” John let out a groan, Mycroft is good at sucking cock. John bucks up in this, glorious mouth. Mycroft’s tight lips straining around his cock.
“I want you to make us a cup of tea. You will let your cock hang out like this, for me to look at while you’re preparing it”
After John had showered and towelled him dry. He asks him if he still wanted him to do, what he had indicated.
Greg had put Annie in her bed. For once the little girl slept almost instantly. Lets hope I have the same luck with my next task, thought Greg. He had to find out why Sherlock had appeared on his doorstep or rather in his living room, looking quite forlorn and not even pestering him for cases.
Mycroft scrambles back in position, the stiffness in his spine clearly visible. He takes a deep breath and braces himself for the hit. John hits his balls hard but kneels down immediately and lays a soothing hand down on Mycroft’s lower back.
John cradled his cheek in one hand. He could see the emotion flickering over Sherlocks face. The man was clearly not used to human touch. They would change this.
The men rubs one of his fingers over his hole, which is glistening with the lube John had used to open him up. The one in front of him pushes him back and divests himself of his clothing.
In the following years, Sherlock developed to the man lying on his couch. His appearance changed dramatically. The gangly kid became a lean, but strong man. The hoodie and tracksuit bottoms changed into suits, too tight shirts and a showy coat. The man was rude and arrogant. God help him but Greg feared he was attracted to that, too. While he had discovered some bodily reactions to the attitude both Holmses where showing, he still felt the need to care for the younger one and look out for him.
John is back to lightly caress his buttocks, the sensitive inside of his thighs and his vulnerable balls with the riding crop. The hissing sound of the crop is the only sign for Mycroft to prepare himself for the impact on his left cheek. Fuck that hurts. His breathing is coming in short huffs and when John starts hitting his thighs he is openly crying. This is so painful, but it arouses him at the same time. It’s not the pain alone, but giving up every bit of control. He is panting. Will John do it. Will he hit his balls, which are hanging there absolute vulnerable? The anticipation is growing more and more. Oh my god, how will that feel? Can he endure it? His cock is twitching in his prison, if it weren’t caged it would be stone hart despite the pain.
Sherlock sucked in a breath, and stopped himself from the urge to cover himself up. He knew he was bony and gangly, and as he was informed just his mouth wasn’t as repulsive that a man couldn’t stuff his cock inside. But John looked at him with warm appreciation. John caressed his stomach and started to kiss him again. With that, all thoughts of former encounters simply vanished. Johns hands were warm and playfully petted his rips, before wandering upwards and started lightly teasing his nipples. With that Sherlock whimpered in Johns mouth. John cupped him through his trousers. Only now Sherlock realised that he was painfully hard.
By evening John feels about ready to explode. It seems like the number of incidental touches they share has multiplied exponentially today so as soon as dinner is over he excuses himself and retreats upstairs to his own bedroom. As much as he’d like to remain in Sherlock’s bed until the man gives in and joins him John figures it’s best to quit while he’s ahead before his nighttime fantasies lead to an embarrassing situation.
“The warehouse.” Sherlock says, “There’s something I overlooked. God, so stupid. We have to go back before it’s too late.”
“I know you don’t really like peppermint,” John said, handing him the second mug, “but at least it’ll warm you up a bit.
Despite his mood, he smirked as he noticed the way the fabric of her dress hugged her body in all the right places and added, “Though perhaps
“My husband,” she says, “always brought me roses when we were first dating. Gorgeous red ones.” she stares at the collection on the table wistfully, “Even after we were married he’d bring them home on certain days.”
“No, my dear Watson, he is indeed guilty of the claims made against him. What I meant was it’s utterly absurd that a man can be punished for love.”
“So that’s where she gets it from,” he said nodding toward Rosie, “She's been trying to steal a taste all afternoon. You’re supposed to wait until it’s cooked.”
John rolls his eyes. “Okay, so what are you doing then? Seeing how long it stays alive? That’s not much of an experiment, is it?”
“You should have given her carnations instead.” Sherlock continued, “They still indicate romance but don’t promise a future that you have no intention of giving. Especially since none of these women you insist on seeing make it past the third date.”
Then suddenly it fits - all Sherlock’s questions about John’s life, the unnecessary deductions of things he already knew, his lingering over John’s blog, the frequent touches and the way he visibly relaxes when John returns to the flat.
“No, don’t apologize. We always save each other. It’s what we do. Since the day Mike introduced us at Bart’s. When we met I had nothing. But you see through everyone and everything and I think even then you knew that we could be so much more together than we could ever be apart.”
Sherlock was bored. The criminals of London had apparently chosen this week to be more mediocre than normal and the only messages on the website were people asking if their spouse was cheating, (the answer was yes), whether their bookkeeper was stealing from their business (also yes), and if he would please help find a lost tortoise (no). To add to his frustration, John had decided that going out on a date was more interesting than helping him find a new case.
“Because, and I’m sure you’d agree, Mr. Holmes, the police are an inefficient lot who overlook the most obvious things.”
Sometimes she felt like Sherlock just said things based on probability rather than observation. But this time he had been alarmingly specific. She didn’t think she’d been that obvious, especially since she thought it would never work out. He’d been married after all. But now…
The date had started off well enough - pleasant small talk, promising hints at what the night had in store. It was all going smoothly until his date had commented on his tie, joking that it matched the painting hanging above their table. Without thinking John had blurted out that Sherlock had picked it out for him. The look she had given him, a cross between jealousy and resignation, had him wishing that the lava cake, which arrived seconds later, was real lava so it could swallow him up and bury him along with that stupid tie.
“John insists on letting her believe in Father Christmas, so it’s my job to make it somewhat convincing.”
Of course, he’s still Sherlock Holmes, brilliant as ever, and once I was there he went off to solve his Christmas murder. The body really had been frozen through so it would take about a week to thaw properly for the autopsy. However, it was clear that Davies’s body had been frozen elsewhere after his death, then moved to the woods, so Sherlock went looking around for clues.
“People talk,” Sherlock cut in, “And all anyone cares about is sex and a good scandal. Whether it’s true or not is irrelevant. You shouldn’t let it upset you.”
John felt like he’d been awake for days. In reality it had only been one sleepless night, but still, he was in no mood to deal with the tedious questions that came with being found in the company of a gang of counterfeit antiques dealers when the police arrived.
Just as he opened his mouth to speak, they heard the front door open, followed by muffled voices and a pair footsteps on the landing. A moment later, Molly entered with a large package overflowing with gifts, followed closely by Greg, who was carrying a smaller bag and a case of beer.
“I’m fine,” John says, smiling at Sherlock’s concern. “Actually, that was Greg. He needs you to go by today.”
He eventually bought a stack of cds from a shop in Soho. It wasn’t the same but it had a sort of placebo effect and he decided he would take whatever he could to make the silence a little more bearable.
He can’t say he misses the being on constant alert but the blood pumping through his veins would at least keep him awake during long hours of waiting. He wonders though, if it’s purely the threat of discovery that causes his elevated pulse on those occasions or if the real culprit is the proximity to Sherlock, who is usually squashed next to him in some dark corner instead of sprawled in the back seat of Lestrade’s car.
Sherlock tries to act unimpressed but John knows the sparkle in his eyes and twitch of his lips that betray his excitement.
“Well, excuse me.” John grumbled, pushing the gingerbread walls upright again, “You’re the one who refused to let us use milk cartons like normal people.”
Sherlock stirred but did not immediately open his eyes. He leaned closer to John and his head shifted on the pillow, causing a few wayward curls to fall across his forehead.
Finally, his phone chirped out a text alert. Sherlock looked up, expecting a message from John - annoyed about being left at the station to fill out a report, but unable to resist the chance to feed Sherlock up and tease him about his obsession with egg rolls.
If anyone had told him when he met Sherlock Holmes that the man would someday be a proud parent sending holiday cards he would have either laughed or given them a drug test. But after seeing the way Sherlock had changed after meeting John, then again when John and Rosie moved back to Baker Street, it seemed the most natural thing in the world.
John sighed. Sometimes dealing with Sherlock was like having a child, especially when he fixated on details like this. “Roses are sort of a universal symbol of romance,” he replied. Anticipating another ‘but why’ question he continued, “Dunno why. Ask the floral industry.”
John shuffles the makeshift vases aside so he can see Sherlock properly. The first few roses are beginning to wither but yesterday’s peach one is just now unfurling its petals into full bloom.
“Exigent circumstances. They have to search the apartment now that I’ve been there, and anything in plain sight is fair game. The case is so simple even an idiot like Dimmock can figure it out with time to spare.”
The day is torture for John. Every time Sherlock brushes his shoulder as he passes or bends to check the wrap on his ankle John fights back the desire to reach up and kiss him or better yet, drag him off to the bedroom to re-enact his dream - he wouldn’t need to worry about his ankle once they’re horizontal.
“The writing’s rather appalling but this one is the most comprehensive and I’ve cross-checked the meanings with other websites and they seem to be more or less in agreement.”
Mycroft said nothing but handed Sherlock his violin. He cradled it gently, plucked at the strings, grimaced, and fiddled with the tuning pegs.
Also, some backstory on this chapter and the story as a whole: right after Series 4 ended I needed some cheering up and decided to read Carry On (which I highly recommend). After finishing it I just had a burning desire to see John call Sherlock “my rosebud boy” and came up with the headcanon of Sherlock giving John roses to win him over. There's more to that initial headcanon but for that you'll have to wait for the sequel.
It was a simplified answer but it was the best he could think of. He continued, “Sherlock doesn’t want anyone dead. But he likes to solve the mystery of how it happened. That’s why he was excited. Understand?”
John convinces Sherlock to walk home instead of taking a cab even though his still-tender ankle protests at the sudden increase in activity. As they wander down a few side streets, away from the bright center of town, he tries to hide the slight limp that returns the longer they walk. Sherlock notices almost immediately but doesn’t say anything, trusting John to know his limits. Instead he loops his arm loosely around John’s waist to lend some support.
Since then Sherlock’s been hovering around the flat making sure I have everything I need, which is very sweet but I finally convinced him I could look after myself for a few hours while he went down to Scotland Yard to find out what happened with the case.
“Lying under the tree? That seems impractical.” Sherlock brushed a low branch aside, “At the very least we’d be covered by pine needles in a matter of days.”
Finally, he’d given up and called Lestrade who’d had a good laugh, but agreed to call in a favor. Even so, the processing and posting of bail took an inordinate amount of time. John couldn’t tell if the officers were being deliberately slow out of spite, or if they really were as inefficient as Sherlock had implied, but by the time they were free to go, the train back to London was long gone.
“Women like that sort of thing,” John had continued, “Well, not just women. Everyone likes getting a token of affection now and then.”
Before my brain had quite processed what was happening he pulled back and gave me a searching look, possibly trying to deduce what I was thinking.
Dr. Montgomery nods, “Now, you should be able to go home in a few hours provided everything checks out and you promise me you’ll stay off that leg completely for a full week and no strenuous activity for at least a month.” She smiles, “Not ideal for you two of course but at least it’ll give you some time to write this one up for the blog, hmm? Sounds like it’ll make quite the story.”
I sat and helped myself to the savory meal while wondering what Holmes had in store for us that evening. I was sure it had something to do with the case though I couldn’t imagine Holmes consenting to help the Marquess for any reason.
John nodded and turned to make his way around the rink, gliding easily over the ice. Sherlock tried to focus on the way he bent his knees, the weight distribution of his feet over the thin blade, and the way he held his arms. But instead he found himself admiring the easy, graceful way John’s body moved and the look of joy in his eyes as the wind ruffled his hair.
Also, in Victorian times the color green indicated homosexual affiliations and the green carnation became a popular emblem thanks to Oscar Wilde and his followers.
The music returned the day John was deployed to Afghanistan. At first he didn’t hear it over the hum of the engines, then he thought it was just the exhaustion and the desert heat playing tricks on him. But slowly the disjointed notes coalesced into chords and a soothing rhythm emerged to ease his tired mind. That night as he drifted off to sleep with the wind singing outside the barracks he felt more complete than he had in years.
“I feel like I could say the same for you,” he said, “But not at gingerbread houses. You’re rubbish at those.”
When they caught up with him, Sherlock had raised his head and was staring up at the trees. For a moment Greg thought he was actually crying and felt a stab of guilt but then realized Sherlock was sniffing the air like a dog trying to catch a scent.
John shook his head and returned his focus to her. They both got through a summarized version of their current work and living situations, and had started on their entrees before John’s text alert chimed again several times in rapid succession. He glanced down, meaning to turn it off, but couldn’t help reading:
the body had taken so long to show up after he’d been reported missing. It wasn’t as if the spot was that well hidden.
When they arrived at her front door John kissed her goodnight but declined her invitation to come up for a cup of coffee. Instead he wandered the streets, letting the music lead him where it may until he came to a halt by the river. As he gazed out at the thousands of twinkling lights across the water he imagined that one of them belonged to the person behind the music, and wondered desperately if that person even knew he was alive.
And on top of that he still hadn’t found a chance to revisit their conversation from that night at Angelo’s. It was clear that Sherlock no longer considered himself married to his work and that he would give up anything for John and Rosie, but that didn’t necessarily mean what John hoped it meant.
Her eyes light up with excitement and she claps her hands together before John realizes his mistake.
Of course Sherlock noticed, John thinks. “It’s nothing,” he says, turning his fork over in his hands, “Just something I’d rather forget.”
Sherlock shakes his head, “Not tired.” But John sees the dark circles under his eyes and reads the utter exhaustion in his posture.
stopping at the gift shop downstairs. All they have is this appalling color,” he says, nodding at the bubblegum-pink rose on John’s bedside table.
“Yes.” John says. But this time he doesn’t follow Sherlock’s gaze toward the heavens and instead drinks in the sight of the man standing beside him.
“I know what he is, Watson,” Holmes said, “and that is why I must find young Robbie. It is imperative that I understand the whole story behind these stolen keys before I decide whether the case can be safely abandoned or if it needs to be seen through to a satisfactory conclusion.”
A fond smile spread across Greg's face as Sherlock lifted Rosie onto his shoulders and led the way through the festivities.
One night after everyone else was in bed Major Sholto found him lying on the ground several yards away from camp, staring up at the sky. He expected a reprimand for breaking curfew but instead his commander settled in beside him.
By the time Mrs. Hudson brings up afternoon tea and biscuits John is frustrated and bored. They take their tea in silence side by side on the sofa and finally, after both cups are empty, Sherlock speaks.
Suddenly Sherlock grabs his hand and John’s mind goes temporarily blank. He wonders for a moment if he is still asleep on the couch in 221B because he knows he’s had this dream before - him and Sherlock alone on a case late at night, huddled in a dark corner, hands grasping, hearts racing, then -
Sherlock finally rises from the sofa and storms over to the kitchen. “So, you prefer this?” he asks, eyes narrowed.
Sherlock shakes his head but presses forward to bury his face against John’s chest. John continues to murmur soft noises of comfort and runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock frowns at this. “Molly’s expecting us at the lab. She got a couple of new bodies in that she promised we could look at.”
“There you have it, Watson,” he said with an attempt at his logical tone, though I thought (or perhaps hoped) that I heard a slight quaver in his voice and saw a faint blush on his cheeks as he turned away.
After a while he feels Sherlock relax into sleep beside him, but John lies awake almost til dawn, his mind replaying Sherlock’s words.
But romance? There was that case with the drug smugglers using the influx of roses before Valentine’s Day to import cocaine but Sherlock barely rated the case a 4 and solved it before Lestrade got through half the evidence. Besides, there would be no reason to bring roses home after the case was solved...unless he’s testing for residual drugs. John wonders if he should be watching for ‘danger nights’ but dismisses the thought.
There was nothing to indicate there would be any danger in taking her. It was the middle of the afternoon so the area would be full of people. Although though the small restaurant in the photo wasn't in the busiest part of the park, it was still close enough that nothing bad could happen unnoticed.
“Good deduction,” John mumbled as he leaned back and closed his eyes. How had this happened? He was supposed to be halfway across London engaged in delectable foreplay instead of here discussing the intricacies of dating with a bored consulting detective.
Eventually John’s stomach begins to complain for want of food and everyone’s eyes flick toward the clock more frequently, except for Sherlock who plows ahead, ‘transport’ be damned.
Over the past months, John has begun to catalog the hundreds of expressions that cross Sherlock’s face. Lately it seems that he’s memorized every detail about Sherlock, to the point that he feels he needs his own mind palace to store it all. Perhaps he’ll make himself a little memory bungalow, he thinks. But then he realizes that the only things he’d store there would be about Sherlock and what would that accomplish?
Holmes’s eyes slid closed and his hands came to rest beneath his chin as he slipped into the only place I could never follow - his brilliant and unpredictable mind.
So, this doesn’t exactly fall into the series of events I've got going on here. Basically it can be read as a standalone that takes place anytime within the same Christmas season. Also, I switched the order of the prompts I’m using because the next few chapters after this ended up being one continuous section.
Holmes took a step closer to me, closing off our conversation from the man in form-fitting clothing who had stopped a few yards away to tie his shoe.
No matter how much they claimed that the three of them were a family, it didn’t change the fact that Rosie was John’s daughter and Sherlock was just...her godfather and John’s best friend. And maybe someday John would fall in love again and leave him. Then Rosie could grow up in a house with her own bedroom and a kitchen that didn’t have experiments hiding behind every cabinet door.
John forces himself to ignore the way his pulse picks up speed as Sherlock’s fingers brush his wrist. He takes another look through the lens then bites back a laugh, torn between amusement and disapproval.
John’s heart stops as he sees the gun aimed at Sherlock who is still squinting around in the darkness, keeping careful watch on the warehouse door. He doesn’t think, just sprints straight at Winter and tackles him, knocking him sideways, and together they tumble down the embankment. John feels Winter struggle against him then the gun fires somewhere to the left of his head. He hears the shot ricochet off the gravel and Sherlock’s anguished cry of “John!”
“Some sort of reaction,” Sherlock says, “Preferably a reciprocal one, though I suppose any sort of response would be a result nonetheless.”
He kept talking as Rosie's eyes drifted closed, telling her about the dogs and the trails where they’d gone hiking.
As I darted across the road, through traffic I caught sight of his familiar cloak, which stood out against the fitted suits and casual clothing of the people surrounding him.
Lestrade rolls his eyes, “According to you, there’s a murderer on the loose so it would be nice if we could find him. Then maybe I can reschedule my date, since you seem so concerned about that.”
John frowns. “Why haven’t you got any regular red roses then? They’re traditional. Shouldn’t they be your control group or something?”
She smiles and nods at the roses between them. “No matter how you look at it roses are always so romantic.”
When midnight approaches this time, Lestrade insists that they leave to get some sleep and a bit of distance from the case. Sherlock allows him to give them a lift to Baker Street after making him promise to call immediately if any other evidence comes to light. John barely manages to stay awake for a quick shower before collapsing onto the couch, too tired to make it upstairs.
Before he could ask, Sherlock’s phone chimed with an incoming text and he nodded at John to pick it up. It was from Greg.
Greg separated himself from his team and joined Sherlock. After checking that Rosie was occupied he asked,
The music seemed clearer in the desert than it did in the city. Maybe it was due to the lack of other noises. Or maybe it was simply John’s renewed joy at hearing it again when he thought it was gone forever.
The gun fired into the ground but Sherlock must have thought I’d been hit at first because he nearly killed Winter when he disarmed him. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him look so scared. I just remember thinking it was worth the pain, worth so much more than an injured ankle to have him safe and to see how much he cares. It’s not often that he drops his guard but when he does he’s as transparent to me as the rest of the world is to him.
Sherlock sighed and took a sip from his glass to avoid speaking. He was tired of having this same conversation over and over again. Of course John cared about him. He was his best friend. They lived together. They were raising Rosie together. John had said it himself: Sherlock was one of the people he loved and cared about most in the world. But hearing the words from Molly just reminded him that the way John loved him was only a faint shadow of the love he desired.
He turned back to the mausoleum and eased the door shut. Then he bent forward to examine the grass before taking off running like a dog tracking a scent.
“Shit,” Lestrade says and turns to the group of officers waiting nearby, “Donovan! Pull everyone we can spare. We’ve got to find out who these two are. If we know how they’re connected we can find our murderer.”
It suddenly struck him that John was standing much closer than usual and he lowered his violin. He could see the flickering light from the fire illuminating the streaks of silver in his hair, could smell the musky scent of his cologne.
He pulls out a page containing a list of banks, corresponding columns with large sums of money, and a long string of serial numbers. “This,” he says, pointing at the first bank on the list, “was where Saunders had her business account. And this one,” he points to another name halfway down the page, “was Prescott’s personal bank.”
John sighed. Even if neither of them had said it aloud, he knew the real reason they’d broken up was because of his complicated, indefinable relationship with Sherlock.
After several minutes, or maybe several hours - it’s impossible to tell which, they break apart, breathless and grinning.
There’s a pause in which Sherlock follows John’s gaze toward the flowers before replying, “Necessary variable.”
Sherlock wondered. John hadn’t mentioned anyone new lately and Sherlock quickly ruled out the possibility that Sarah had decided to give him another chance. If it had been anyone from work, a shared ending time would mean a later reservation, given the fact that most women would want more time to get ready.
Peach rose meaning: If you are ready to say, “Let’s get together,” peach roses are the ones to choose as the rose color symbolizes intimacy. (Yup, that is the word for word definition from
There was a pause in which John listened anxiously for approaching footsteps but Dimmock simply told one of his officers to check the flat and ordered Sherlock into the back of the waiting car.
Hours later they’re still sorting through the records with no progress to show for it. The sky outside the windows turns orange, then pink, then darkens to a deep blue. Lestrade checks his phone, frowns, and turns back to the autopsy and forensics reports. Both confirm that the victims died of carbon monoxide poisoning with no sign of a third party present but contain no insight into the Garridebs’ elusive identities.
On a personal note, I’m going out of town this weekend and will be mostly without internet so the next chapter will be posted on Wednesday. Sorry!
John grits his teeth against the pain but feels his heart fill with warmth as Sherlock wraps him in trembling arms and helps him lay back.
The girl rose from the bench and Holmes reached into his pocket, but seemed to change his mind and instead extended his hand to thank her for the valuable information.
Lestrade shakes his head. “Do you have any idea how many Jonathan Evans there are in this city alone?” he asks, “And that’s obviously not his real name.”
When we came to a copse of trees with a distant view of the main gate Holmes pulled me down and I settled in at his side. We sat there for what felt like hours and I kept glancing upward, tracking the moon’s progress across the sky.
Davies had been missing since the end of November with no trace, so Scotland Yard asked Sherlock for help. At first he didn’t think it was worth his time; said the holidays are a good time to disappear, what with all the tedious Christmas carols and such, but then he got a tip to check out a little restaurant near the Winter Wonderland. It was closed for several weeks while the owners were on holiday but Sherlock’s contact had seen one of their employees sneaking around the area.
It’s gratitude, longing and desperation all rolled into a single syllable and with it, John forgets all hesitation, reaches up and pulls Sherlock toward him before finally, finally,
I vaguely recalled the sensational stories that circulated near All-Hallows Eve about graveyard mysteries and morbid curios.
Surely though, Sherlock must know that John is here to stay. Then, as he drifts off into an uneasy sleep, a glimmer of hope flickers in his chest - Sherlock wants him here. Not just for now. Forever. And John promises himself that he will always be there.
When John comes back, he takes in the scene in front of him. Mycroft is on the floor like requested, head hanging down between his shoulders, beautifully bare and awaiting what would come.
Sherlock insulted Anderson one last time on his way out of the Yard. Donovan just directed a disgusted look at him, before looking back at one of the kids she was comforting in her arms. She blamed it on him, that it took them two days to find the abducted twins. She accused him of not working hard enough, because apparently a simple abduction wasn’t interesting enough for a sociopath.
After a few moments, John started to move out until only the head remained in Sherlock’s body, then pushing inside again. Sherlock’s moans got louder and louder, as John’s movements picked up speed.
John is kneeling in front of him, bracketing Mycroft’s face in his hands. “My, look at me. You did very well. I’m proud of you. However, I am sure that you can stand this last hit. You will do it for me. Go back into position, now.”
His brother tried to escape. This earned him a sharp slap on his upper thighs, and a stronger grip on his sensitive cock. Mycroft started whimpering. “Please Sir stop it! I can’t ……”
“Look at your beautiful brother, Sherlock. That is not unusual, when he has been locked away for long enough. And he is so beautiful sensitive, afterwards. Let me show you”
Sherlock screamed, but not out of pain. The feeling was simply overwhelming. The burn as John pushed his cock slowly in him, the feeling of being so full, and oh fuck this was so good. Sherlock panted and pushed back, urging John to move.
Sherlock stood at the bedroom door and watched his brother and John sharing breakfast. This was everything he had looked for. Someone caring for him, someone laughing with him, someone smiling with him. However, everyone he had thought cared for him eventually left. He didn’t want to come between them and he also didn’t want their pity.
Mycroft started to cry openly, his thighs quivering, his whole body twitching. He couldn’t stand it any longer, it was too much, then his body exploded in a mind blowing orgasm, and he passed out.
The doorbell was followed by impatient knocking. When John opened the door, his eyes met an agitated Sherlock. He was sweating, a panic-fuelled gaze wandered over his face and he seemed to have difficulties in breathing.
Mycroft shuddered at that and let out a raspy moan. Sherlock turned to the other nipple, treating it in the same way and latching on as he did yesterday. Mycroft’s hands holding Sherlock there, carding through his dark locks.
When John gets back, Mycroft doesn't look at the supplies, he just watches as John sits down in front of him and takes Mycrofts cock in hand. “You know I love you and I also love this beautiful dick. But I also love to torture it” Mycroft shudders at that. John leans in and tongues Mycroft's slit slow and teasingly. “Mmmm you taste so good” John wraps his hand over Mycrofts hard dick and pulls it slowly, rubbing his thumb over the head from time to time. Mycroft is hard, he aches, he loves that it hurts a bit too, John is not using any lubricant and Mycroft is already a bit chafed from humping the cushion earlier. John starts to rub his finger over the exposed head, again and again. At the beginning it feels good, than it becomes a burning sensation. “Lets take this a bit further. I know how you like it, when I hurt this sensitive dick for you.” John grabs a dry wash cloth, he has brought with him and wraps it around Mycroft's dick. It's not exactly rough but it burns like hell, when John starts to wank him with it. Mycroft, puts his hands on Johns shoulders and stares at his own dick, which is still hard. “Ohh, please, it hurts, please not, please John...., ohhhh.” Mycroft is sobbing, but he doesn't pull away. “I have one last special item for you, Mycroft”, John says. The moment, Mycroft sees what it is he trys to step back, out of Johns reach. “Come on Mycroft, I know you can do it and more important I know you want it” Mycroft nods and steps back into Johns reach, who wraps the wash cloth back around his cock and exposes the head. Then he takes the toothbrush, and presses it to the sensitive flesh there. It is a toothbrush with soft bristle but it hurts like hell, when John starts to rub with it over the head in circles and repeatedly presses it into his slit. Mycroft can't hold back the tears know, as he looks at his bruised member.
