For the first time in my life I dare imagine a future. It feels reckless. I am perfectly aware that I could lose it before any of it has come to be. And I am frightened; afraid that my truest desires will turn out to be selfish ones that this child will come to despise. But I need to be honest with myself, I think. For her sake.
“Did rehearsals go well?” I asked him.
I sit up in my bed and reach for the matches. Outside, William starts on a new verse; one I haven't heard before.
John    13:55
Sherlock fights to remain impassive, but a smile is tugging on the corners of his lips. “One of my more artistic efforts, I thought.”
“You can use one of my mugs!”
I stood exposed before the door, watching Moriarty shift to pin Sherlock's wrists to the bed. The movement was far too quick for a man taken by surprise, as if Moriarty had only waited for a moment to take control of Sherlock's body. “So innocent and
The thirty-ninth year,
Watson's hand snakes in underneath it without preamble, straight into Sherlock's underwear. Sherlock is already so hard it's nearly embarrassing, but he forgets to apologise for it when Watson's fist closes around him.
As the hours pass and carry him to dawn, this new truth is cemented in his body. Sherlock feels beautiful.
Stupidly, I hadn't counted on him remembering my name. Hearing him say it, as if he had already called my name a thousand times, made something slowly unfold in my gut. “No, I- I actually do.”
John does, and Sherlock's lips immediately hit that sweet spot just below his left ear.
We talk. We fight. We know we'll both lose, every single time, but we never were the best of communicators, were we.
“Tonight's performances were very pretty”, Moriarty said, flat and toneless. He looked at Sherlock fully for the first time since he entered, as if just remembering something. “You must be in need of refreshment after your exertions on the stage.”
“No, I know what it is, just… you did this?”
I tried not to move. My crouch behind the table was uncomfortable at best, but there was no space for even a breath of a movement when Moriarty strode forward. His shoes thumped heavily on the Persian carpet. There was a loaded silence, and I held my breath until Sherlock exclaimed:
John    15:06
The dance hall was looking more and more like a theatre. Days went by in a creative chaos. Acrobats in practice clothes rehearsed moves in the corners, musicians stared at the sheet music and abraded their instruments, and the actors rarely got a break. I was writing more than I ever had before, inspiration making my words solid and glowing like diamonds.
“What is this?”
Sherlock    22:45
Sherlock    13:39
John will have listened to Sherlock’s music, arms crossed over his broad chest.
I was sitting up against the hard steel of my headboard, staring into thin air. I tried to move as little as possible, because when I did move, the pain was excruciating. It felt as though I had an actual open wound in my chest.
Their bodies are pressed together in the back of a cab. John's head is on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock's chest rises and falls and his breath sings in John's ear.
The sixteenth year, Rosie learns about adoption. She comes home from school and asks John to tell her about when Sherlock adopted her. When she finds out there is no such story she is furious with John, screaming at him that Sherlock is her
for this chapter!
“God, yes”, John says gratefully, pretending not to hear Greg's amused snigger. He steps forward to Sherlock: “Hey, if you don't need me I'm going to get some coffee. Can I get you anything?” Sherlock just keeps sweeping his eyes over the skirting, going on about the dust pattern on it. “Right”, John nods to himself, joining Greg by the door.
“Do what?”
The smooth hardwood floor rends beneath me. For a second it feels as though I'm falling through it into a bottomless pit. But then William drops to his knees before me, and I can see the sheen of tears in his eyes when he goes on.
“Oh. Yes. Careful, though – everyone is asleep.”
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.”
The bells ring and the torches blaze through the coldness. The blankets smell of Christmas morning; Sherlock smells of home. The old ones sing of comfort and joy. In a stormy wood in the deepest winter, you understand what that is.
Sherlock's eyes gleam curiously when they meet his. “Yes.”
” he said, and the step he took towards me was infinitely small, but it was there.
“Not with John.”
He reaches for Tori to forget about it.
It is redundant and they both know it. Sherlock sighs and accepts it as John’s wordless understanding.
Molly 18:05
Sherlock’s eyes roll back into his head. He allows himself a minute of absolute bliss before he chokes out: “I’ll come if you keep doing that.”
No matter how long I dance, I can't shake the feeling that William is still playing for me the entire time. The tunes he chooses grow more and more plaintive and slow, keeping the dance barn in the quivering, quiet space between an inhalation and an exhalation. The spell of the bright Midsummer night seeps into the dance barn through little gaps in the walls. Then William plays the first, mournful tones of a tune I know from before.
What are you up to today?
really hope it would have been enough, if you
with AURORA (there are many wonderful versions of it, and this one isn't from the movie, but I adore it!). Here in the end notes of each chapter I will put songs that fit to the narrative, so if you want to listen while reading, you can always jump to these notes before you get started!
I have been writing all night. I couldn't bring myself to stop once I'd started. The tapping of the keys that sounded fateful through the first chapter of our story has lightened in pace with the day. Now it sounds homely and calm. The ruins outside my window don't look as grim in the soft morning light, and the emptiness within my walls isn't so unforgiving when I'm surrounded by papers upon papers filled with Sherlock's name.
“The water is never as nice as when it's raining. And the sun hasn't set.” I gesture towards the sliver of gold above the mountain ridges.
I don't know, it didn't go very well. It's hard to
My jaw clenched. The heartbreak had morphed into icy anger. Resolution set in my stomach like cold poison.
his doctor”, I snarled to the side. Turning back to Sherlock, I pleaded with him. “Tell me, love, tell me what's wrong. I'll make it better. Let me-”
Sherlock sat with his chair turned towards the dirty window. Weak sunlight got through the glass, but nothing else did.
tweezers
I know you have written me a few letters without delivering them. Don't worry; I have not read them, nor have I read the drafts you have privately saved on your blog (and, as you know, the note from your wallet was found by accident, not by seeking to pry). I have no interest in such an intrusion on your privacy; as I am more observant than most, it seems fair that the matters I am unable to observe remain private to you. What interests me is your writing itself. I have observed that it is highly beneficial to your health – a fact that reinforces my resolution to let you keep it to yourself. It helps you to arrange your thoughts and to process your feelings, leaving you peaceful and collected. While this is what the violin usually does for me, I am curious to try your methods.
Thank you.
When I got out of Stamford's flat, I saw a glimpse of Sherlock running down the stairs, disappearing around a corner of the staircase. “Sherlock!” I called, but the only answer I got was the clatter of hard soles against the stone stairs. I ran after him, and saw him when he passed my door on the floor below.
of her during that week when we got
His lipstick had worn off, the natural pink of his mouth matching the flush on his high cheeks. His eyes were closed, forehead creased, lips parted, when he lowered himself onto me. “Ohhh, John”, he mouthed, clasping his hands behind my neck, bringing our wet foreheads together.
John tries to suppress a smile. He’s never been good at staying cross with Sherlock for long. Especially not this side of Sherlock – the domestic one – the one only John ever gets to see. Sherlock is always…
Mary    12:34
Walking in the park. Unhurriedly, quietly. Not a single word.
“Well. This will be an extravagant show. Musical numbers with dozens of dancers, bright colours, the most talented singers of the Moulin Rouge. Sherlock here will play the Hindu Dancer, and Molly Hooper will play the Penniless Sitar-Player. Their duets will be heartbreaking, their love story will be very touching, and in between there will be spectacular cancan scenes.”
Holm William is back outside my door.
“Damnit, Sherlock, you almost fucking died on me, don't be such a stubborn git!” John's voice cracks at the last word, and at that, Sherlock lifts his head. They stare at each other for a moment, noses almost touching. “I need you alive”, John says, fiercely quiet. “Now go take a hot shower.”
John    19:40
The waiter leaves, and John tries to go back to the flow of the date, demonstratively taking a bite of his food. Tori's smile has turned awkward, and Sherlock's glare has turned icy.
, star dancer of the Moulin Rouge.”
I was a bit taken aback by her choice of adjective, but I smiled back and took her hand briefly. “Nice to meet you, Irene.” I recognised her now. She was the woman who had dragged Sherlock to the party and barely allowed him to leave it.
I didn't turn. But my feet had stopped walking without me telling them to. I held still not to miss a single sound.
The last note barely has time to ring out before Soling Jacob starts on another polska. William puts his hand on my shoulder again and we slide back into the dance.
and be adorably confused over the
Holmes' eyebrows rose. He rocked on his heels. “Moriarty wasn't too happy.”
John looks him in the eye for a moment, then he starts laughing again. “God, why did we worry?!”
”, he sang as he reached out for me, grabbing my hands and pulling them to his chest.
Kristin is also Susan's godmother – why withhold this? God this case
Sherlock still heard it in my breath. “Whatever it is, just say it.” His voice was drowsy and content.
An elderly doctor was sitting at the edge of the bed, leaning over Sherlock's lifeless body. The right sleeve of the dressing gown was rolled up to expose the crook of his arm, and the doctor was drawing his blood. The air in the room stood still, smelling of illness and fear.
We don't. They're decent enough, but they'll never be legends like Roligs Per or Dalfors Hans. Or indeed Soling Jacob, as the girl tells me this fiddler is called. He's dedicated his life to the music; doesn't have a family, apparently, but lives with his friend Soling Alfred, the church gardener. Keeps a few animals and lives a quiet life, except for every Saturday when he plays life into the floorboards of Sidensjö's dance barn.
He had barely said a word to me since rehearsals started. And when he did, the words were cuttingly cold. Most of the time he ignored me so completely that I might as well have been air, not even a shadow in his peripheral vision. Sometimes, I had the fleeting feeling of someone watching me, but when I turned around Sherlock's face was a stone statue, never turned to me.
They sleep.
“Will you make me wait again, Watson?” he breathed across my lips.
“Yes!” Molly turned to Stamford. “Write it down!”
much about your sock index-”
I can't think of anything but William the following week. It's only Monday night when I wonder how in the world I'll hold out until the Saturday dance to see him. I've never felt an urgency like this before and I don't understand it. I don't know what it is I want with him; I just know that as long as he isn't here, I can't take a whole breath.
) beginning to shift, fighting Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and sat back, still grasping John’s wrists as the soldier set his hands against Sherlock’s chest, ready to shove the man off.
“Thought you might like a sweetie.” He said. Sherlock raised an eyebrow in surprise, but his gaze softened as he dropped the towels carelessly, crawling up the enormous bed, half in John’s lap.
These worries were chased away however, when John heard quiet sniffling from the living room. John stumbled up, blearily making his way out of the room. A part of him rejoiced that he had gotten so soft as to wander his home half asleep, the soldier part of him berated him for such weakness. He had decided many months ago, though, that he was allowed this simple luxury in his own bloody home, thanks very much. The war stayed outside; the world stayed locked out with it. In here John could relax, he could be vulnerable and soft, he was coming to appreciate that.
. Well…” Sherlock's fingers traced over Johns top-surgery scars and his gunshot wound. “Every scar but
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock said suddenly. John stood straight, looking out at the city around them.
“The… the wedding. I mean, no not-“ John groaned, as Sherlock's face began to go blank in the way that meant he was hurt and hiding it, “not like, the
John wanted to ask how Sherlock had gotten the grenade past airport security, and why the hell he thought it might be useful, but instead just cursed silently, sending up a pointless prayer.
“Me?” John asked in confusion. Sherlock nodded his head. He had a few false starts before he could finally explain. John stayed quiet, patient with this man. Always patient with this man.
Sherlock was sat at the kitchen table, peering into an invisible microscope when John returned.
You need John, you know you do. But more than that, you
How? How did this man, with so much misery in his life, have a face stamped with joy? How, though he found himself stuck with Sherlock, of all people, did John still smile so much?
“So you insult me and push me away, is that it?!” John yelled.
Mycroft’s face melted into something hesitant but hopeful. “No,” he whispered, serious and half silent, private. “I suppose it wouldn’t be.”
“They were married with children,” Sherlock sneered in exasperation.
“To have an affair?” John asked incredulously. Sherlock sighed his “
He flipped the page, more sketches of him, some of his empty chair, and obviously the sketch John had been working on. It was incredible, especially considering the lack of tools at John’s disposal, the image was almost photo realistic. As if the bits of graphite would begin to slide across the page, shadows expanding and growing with the setting sun. The image depicted Sherlock stretched out on the couch, thinking. The drawing took up the whole page, surely it had taken John hours to capture Sherlock and the background of 221B so faithfully.
A few minutes later found John laid out on in the living room, warmed by the fire, their chairs shoved to the side. Sherlock was staring at him seriously as he donned a pair of rubber gloves.
He wouldn’t speak after that.
And more silence.
“Can you come like this?” Sherlock asked, strained. John nodded frantically, because yes, god
) partner in crime fighting.
Sherlock helped Greg find the evidence to close his current case and pointed him the right direction to close 3 cold ones, all in the span of an hour. Greg was beyond
John was silent as he removed his hand from the hallucinated chest, going about his business with the rest of the shopping. The shade trailed him as he put up the toilet paper and replaced the empty box of tissues in the sitting room.
, he couldn’t say. For that was the last time he had danced, it had been something his father had taught them as children. But at the time he had been
John laid his own hands over Sherlock’s, halting his movement, forcing his husband to meet his eye. “Sherlock, she was barely of age, and absolutely terrified.” John rationalized. Sherlock scowled.
So, they kept the parts Sherlock liked, the bespoke suits and exchanging of rings, (
“Right, well, it’ll buy us time either way.” John nodded, as if it solved everything.
They said, “
“Hush now, John. I’ll give you what you need.” Sherlock soothed, right hand dipping between Johns' thighs, fingers sliding into the older man effortlessly. God, Sherlock always managed to get John so wet, open and aching for him.
“Yea,” he said, “yea, it is.”
When John sat up and swung his legs over the bed, she stepped back and waited patiently as he put on his slippers and pulled on his house coat. In a fit of inspiration, he grabbed his recently washed bath robe, much shorter than his dressing gown, from the back of the closet door and wrapped it around the little girl. She lets out a barely audible giggle once John stepped away, making him grin in turn. It still swallowed her whole, despite only reaching her ankles, draping over her form like a seal’s skin. Baggy, massive. Kind of adorable. The sight and her giggle as she held up her arms, the massive sleeves slipping down past thin hands, made John’s smile widen.
Dangerous.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of gratitude.
As John readied to leave and meet his future brother-in-law at the pub near NSY, he paused to lay a kiss upon Sherlock's brow. “Thank you, love,” he murmured against Sherlock's skin. Sherlock lifted his head, leaning into the soldier like a cat. As John pulled away, he couldn’t help reminding his lover, “
The notebook itself was old, blood and dirt painting the earlier pages. It was filled with sketches, rough lines and shadows tossed onto the pages in a haste. Broken bodies, somber young men in uniform with guns strapped across their backs, dismembered limbs, bloodied local civilians in Arab dress with darkened skin, multiples of a man with piercing eyes and a gruff smile. He was half nude in some. The only ray of light in an array of terrors.
“Good, now, first things first, do you know your name?” the girl nodded, “wonderful. Do you know the alphabet?” The girl tilted her head, thinking for a moment before she shook her head no, Sherlock frowned at that. “Very well, do you see anything in this room that looks like your name? Anything that starts with the same sound or-“ he cut off as the girl hopped up immediately and made her way to the book case. She pointed intently upwards. It took a moment, but eventually Sherlock rose and picked the girl up, allowing her access to the higher shelves. She immediately pointed to a peacock green, leather-bound book. John had seen Sherlock read this book on occasion; it was some sort of antique flora guide that once belonged to Sherlock’s grandmother. The girl tapped the rose embossed on the spine with one small finger.
The trio worked in a silence only John seemed to feel. Sherlock, in a surprising show of tact, didn’t ask the girl questions about her captors. Instead, he made a pot of tea and dropped a blanket and pillow on the couch.
fight
“I beg your pardon?” he asked, deadpanned.
After much back and forth they eventually managed to wrangle the girls age out of her, 4, and who she lived with, Sir (John shivered in disgust at the implications). By the end of the strangely charades-like interview Sherlock had just about pieced it all together, the only thing he felt he was missing was the hideout of the operation. (“
Hesitantly, Greg approached the man again.
“I- I got scared.”
It would seem that the younger children had been used as… unwilling models until they found the highest bidder. The pictures they found made everyone recoil and John sincerely wanted to dip himself into a beach bath. These poor children just went from one misery to another.
When Sherlock Holmes returned, yet again, a week after, Greg decided the kids’ gig was up. When the older man approached the cell, Sherlock sprang up, almost vibrating with excitement.
) all in the name of someone he may not meet for decades yet.
“I was thinking more along the lines of Watson-Holmes, actually?” John asked timidly. Sherlock pulled back; a bit surprised.
” sound, as if testing her own voice. She was in no way fully healed from her time in captivity, but little ones were resilient. With time and therapy and patience, she would be screaming and running about like a little terror, just as any happy, healthy, little one should. With time, her memories would fade, and John wanted to ensure that all that was left was a happy childhood, if a little out of the ordinary, after all life was never dull with Sherlock around.
) would sit on their couch together pouring over color scheme samples and prattling on about flowers and pocket squares and ties vs bow ties and waistcoats and… God, a million other thing, John would have to pull on every reserve of patience he had. When, god forbid, Sherlock would turn to him holding up two shades of blue (
Sherlock stared at John desperately, shocked hope blooming in his chest. “I- I will, I will. I- I got scared John. No one has seen me like that… never. No one, do you understand?” Sherlock whispered.
John fell asleep that night to the silhouette of his lost lover basking in the moonlight.
”, Sherlock had never been in love before John. (
“What? Oh, god no Mr. Holmes. I just… Look, every time your brother has come in since I let him look at some cold cases, he looks healthier, cleaner, a little more sober and alive. I’d just hate to see him slip back; you know?”
“Then you’re cleaning the couch if she makes a mess.” Sherlock snapped. John didn’t argue that, there’s no telling if and what type of abuse she’d suffered, bed wetting wouldn’t be out of the question.
Once Sherlock had access to the computer of the ringleader, the whole story just fell together so easily even the police could have handled it.
They could find no record of a missing Rose that fit the time frame or location of her sale, and seeing as there was no proof she was a Romanian citizen, Rose ended up at a group home in London. The home, Mycroft assured them, was specifically designed for children who had experienced trauma. The requirements for adoption were lengthy. In the end John and Sherlock bought out 221C, mold and all, and began renovations to make it into a suitable lab and office space for their work. They looked into schools and child therapists, met with social workers, poured over finances and installed new security measures. And three times a week, without fail, they found themselves at Rosie’s group home. Sherlock and John would take turns reading heavily edited accounts of their misadventures to the excited children who sat with mouths agape.
” before hanging up, his eyes on John the whole time. John lifted an eyebrow in question.
“Will she get adopted?” John suddenly piped up, leaning in so their conversation stayed privet as Rose continued to make the game buzz loudly, finding himself anxious about the fate of the small girl in his flat. Greg looked away guiltily.
“It’s all yours.” John said, crouched beside her while Sherlock stood in the doorway looking in.
) and Mycroft flipped quickly through a color palette book, comparing samples at lightning speed, John just wanted a walk. He wanted a pint, actually, but he’d been trying to cut back. He knew he didn’t drink to excess, just a pint or 3 a week, and he never got drunk, but could anyone blame him for fear of still becoming his father? John bit his lip anxiously and twisted his own engagement ring around and around on his finger. It was a dark gold color and had the chemical formula for love engraved along the inside. Sherlock had it hand made by a man who “
.” Sherlock said, placing a kiss on the skin.
Sherlock? Is everything up there? Wh- why would you
.” John stressed, shrugging, attempting nonchalance. Something purred in Sherlock’s chest, pleased at yet
They whispered words of love into each other’s skin, primal sounds of desire and adoration filling the spaces in between. John clung to Sherlock and Sherlock to John. Sherlock pressed his thumb into the gaping wound on Johns' wrist, causing both men to gasp in delight every few minutes.
?” John hissed.
“Fuck,” he hissed, “fucking,
John ignored him the best he could. But when it was time for bed the Shade lay down on top of the comforter, facing John as he hovered just a hair above the bed, not really touching solid ground. John just stared at him for a moment.
“It’s not… I’m just… bored is all.” John finished lamely, it was close enough to the truth that Mycroft looked away and back to the swatches at hand, holding them against the already chosen grey shade called “
“Like hell-“
“Fine. Both of you, sit somewhere.” He ordered.
“Sally and I just came in different cars, you prick-“
, and so he only learned to follow. While the memories of learning to dance on his fathers’ feet were good ones, for they were the scant few times John remembered a sober happy man in place of the abusive drunkard he suffered, he couldn’t bear to hold Sherlock about the shoulders like some wilting maiden. Sherlock took his hand and tugged him up gently.
“He’ll die if he stays with me.” Sherlock cut his brother off.
“I- while it was true, you, you really
, this wasn’t Sherlock taking care of John (
way to hurt you. You were left with no rejection, no breakups, no responsibility in his death. Just utter loneliness. There was no vengeance to be had, no relief to be found but through grief.”
“Oh lord, god help you John Watson.” Mike gaped, looking after the door where Sherlock had disappeared.
“You were good with her.” John finally said. He decided he couldn’t be blamed for anything he said until he’d slept. It had been two days without rest after all.
“Is this why you were so harsh to the girl?” Sherlock's face turned down into a sneer that answered John’s question.
“Yes, us. Sherlock, our lives are dangerous. It’s all well and good for two grown men, but what about a child? The strange people coming and going at all hours, the villains creeping in the shadows. Not to mention our temperaments. We’re not the most patient of men. You can’t sulk for three days and refuse to eat when you’ve got a kid. You have to take care of them. Always. You can’t lose your temper with them, you can’t throw mugs when you get stuck on a case, or put severed feet in all my shoes when we bicker-“
Greg realized, then, that Mycroft’s dark eyes were, in fact, blue and not brown like he’d always thought. And, suddenly, he was absolutely gone for this man.
“You’re changing diapers.” John rolled his eyes at his husband.
, he whispered in his mind, willing Sherlock to hear him,
“No,” Sherlock replied, dropping the ice pack in John’s lap as he moved to take up his place at the desk. “It's like… well, it's like a computer. When you drop something in the recycle bin you can find it again, but it takes a bit of digging. And eventually it fades away and you just… forget.” Sherlock shrugged. No more was said on the matter.
“Hmm,” he hummed, “your room.” John froze, straightening. Sherlock could see how his throat bobbed, swallowing thickly.
“Not what?” he asked, belatedly realizing his hand was still on the man’s arm and removing it while trying not to flush.
“John?” Sherlock rumbled after a long moment, John felt himself gently coming back down from the haze he had drifted into and humming in acknowledgment. “I know you said you didn’t care for a honeymoon but… I’ve a surprise for you.” John fought to be alert again, finally managing to open his eyes and look up at his husband. (
As John, now sufficiently sleepy once more, trailed back up to his bedroom, a soft lullaby played on the violin drifted up from the living room. Half an hour later John turned on his side, drowsy and lax. Before he fell asleep, his last coherent thought was that he was sure he heard Sherlock’s door open and close when he fell. Did the man get out of bed just to comfort John?
been no form of after care when the hell had passed for the night. This was a welcome change, an unexpected one that brought fresh tears to John’s eyes, though these where made of something like joy, comfort, relief and gratitude for this strange man John had found himself befriending.
“Greg,” John warned in the same soft voice he warned Sherlock. Greg’s eyes flashed to the wee one giggling so softly it was nearly silent as she made the game buzz loudly.
“What kind of surprise?” he asked in curiosity. Sherlock relaxed, perhaps relieved that John seemed so susceptible to the idea.
”. John shifted a bit.
“Ok,” John said, thinking slowly, “ok, how 'bout after your grandparents died? You said you purposefully wrecked that wing of your mind palace.” Sherlock grunted in acknowledgment. “What was
people do? Big weddings with lots of people you never see coming into town? The… the planning and the party and rings and colors and bridal parties, and too many flowers?”
“You’re 3 and a half minutes past usual, what happened?” Sherlock snapped. John just rolled his eyes, which elicited a small smile from Rose, before standing and approaching the adults in the room. Greg huffed in annoyance.
“What’s wrong?” he asked lowly in the dark of their room. The night wrapped around them like a cocoon. Their last case, a jealous lover who had locked his partner in a crawl space in a bid to keep her with him, was fading away for John, yet had obviously awoken something for his husband.
smaller. Just… suits and our closest friends and the officiant, you know? I mean, I don’t give a rats arse if my great Aunt Janine is there. All I care about is if
“Oh,” Sherlock said simply, after a moment he let out a large sigh of revelation, like pieces were falling into place, “but… why didn’t you say anything sooner?” John shrugged weakly.
possibly
John picked at his chips after the waitress swiftly set them down. He thought for a moment before chewing on one thoughtfully, “Did you hate it?” he finally asked. Greg cocked his head in confusion, silently asking John to expand. John took a swig of his drink and sighed. “The wedding? I mean, I guess not the day of, and not the actually getting married, being with them forever bit, but the planning? The way they get so consumed in it, all the millions of tiny choices? How big it all gets for no reason?” John asked.
Suddenly Sherlock scrambled down Johns’ body, John lifted his head, grunting in displeasure as his lovely, wonderful source of heat suddenly disappeared. Then his legs were thrown over Sherlock's shoulders and the man buried his face between Johns' thighs.
John glowered. Fate, he decided that day, was a fucking
“Oh love,” John breathed, smoothing his hand through Sherlock's hair. Sherlock sniffled, rubbing his face and tears into John’s skin, fingers still digging into the soldier’s gunshot wound.
“What's what like?” Sherlock responded, not looking up from where he was carefully cleaning his violin.
And so it went. After an hour and a half, Sherlock had cataloged every cut, scrape, and pockmark on Johns’ body. There were a total of five scars John couldn’t account for (
“Well, as that’s where your things
When they returned home the girl dutifully took the toothbrush into the bathroom with the instruction to try and bathe, from Sherlock of course. When John awkwardly asked if she needed help with her hair, she stared at him hard for a moment before nodding and leading him to the bathroom. John quickly and clinically washed away the dirt and grime of London streets from the girl, then tucked her into her princess nightgown. She handed him the comb then sat in front of the couch, waiting for him to sit and comb out her long tresses. As he did, he remembered being in her position as a child. Playing with his doll as his mother gently combed out his long golden hair and hummed under her breath. He would have smelt like bubblegum shampoo, his skin still warm and damp from his bath. The fire in his living room burning brightly, warming his bare, scabbed knees peeking out from beneath his favorite night shirt. It was one of the only peaceful times he remembered from his childhood. A moment of quiet and rest, the eye of the eternal storm that was his home life. He found himself finishing with her hair faster than he anticipated. She took the comb and tucked it back into the paper bag it came in, along with her dirty clothes and toothbrush. All of it was neatly piled at the foot of the couch.
As they passed two or three stands of honey sellers in a row, Sherlock's eyes lit up. His hand slipped from John’s and John allowed it with an indulgent smile. As Sherlock seriously conversed with one of the beekeepers in a rapid language that surely wasn’t French, Johns' eyes drifted. They lit up as they landed on a stack of small squares at the next stall over.
“We… we could do
“Cheating lover, missing cat, stolen jewelry, lover, lover, dead friend, lover, lover. Dear
“Wah?” John finally slurred out.
“Perfect.” Sherlock sighed. His sigh the same as the one he gave when he came home from a long case and fell into bed beside John. Relief, comfort, safety, a sense of rightness, a sigh that meant, “
) all set his heart aflame.
“What about memories?” John asked through his tears. He'd had a nightmare, spurned by their last case. A young girl had come to them, telling them she remembered being raped as a young child but had no resources to find the man. The culprit, a handsome man who now had a barely legal sugar baby, a large home, and a six-figure job, turned out to have been the older brother of the girl's childhood babysitter.
“I… John, what is all this?” Sherlock asked in wonder. John smiled at him before pulling the man into a long kiss. Sherlock sighed into the doctor’s mouth, relaxing against the man on instinct.
“So, you
“We didn’t do this in my family.” John murmured lowly, remembering nights of fear. Hiding his head in a pillow to stop his cries, trying desperately not to irritate his father any further. His mother drugged out on stolen painkillers, Harry sneaking out to get away from their father. And John. Ever the honorable tin soldier, left to weather his fathers’ storm alone.
“Sherlock Holmes, at your service.” The lad, Sherlock, tipped his head slightly. Greg analyzed him for a moment, sucking air through his teeth before an idea struck him.
if I was your whole world like that. And barring all that, what I want most in the world, what I was thinking of…
” the fake Sherlock asked after blinking, allowing the little dot of brown to bleed into his iris. John bit his wobbling lip and nodded. After a few moments the shade rose from the bed and took up a place at the window.
“Keep your eyes closed and do try to stay still,” Sherlock said in the same manner he told John to pass him the sugar. Whining low in his throat, John nodded frantically and squeezed his eyes shut, lowering his hips back down.
John leaned into him.
“You made your choice. You chose to stay; you chose to keep the target on your back.” Sherlock argued.
“Rose?” Greg asked, confused.
“ “And then fail.”) John gave first at the look on Sherlock’s face, looking away in guilt. They couldn’t help everyone, he told himself, they couldn’t save the whole world. It just wasn’t on. John helped the girl stand and pack her meager belongings in the paper bag from last night and strapped her new little glittery sandals on her feet. She looked a bit better, John decided, a little less pale, a little less blank. Rest, food, human decency. Amazing what just a little of each can do.
“What’d I miss?” John asked sullenly as he slammed the shopping on the table, right where the imaginary Sherlock’s invisible microscope ought to be. The detective didn’t even flinch.
“About…?” Sherlock prodded.
“Ah…I see you’ve had this since before the war.” Sherlock said in that bored, not-asking-but-still-asking way of his.
to, like, he actually wants us to go through all this fuss or because that’s what he expects he’s supposed to want, you know? I kind of worry he’s doing this for me, trying to make all of it as normal as possible.”
Sherlock promised to stay, to make things work, to love and never forget that John must always come first.
” when he was unable to find anything suitable online or in the high street shops.
“Wha-“ the DS started.
, he could admit privately,
“Sherlock
know this man?
“You enjoy being the submissive one, not often, but you still like it,” Sherlock said in minor irritation. John flushed.
” rang out and John took that as his cue. He swiftly stood, revealing himself and taking up his place behind Sherlock with his gun leveled at the leader of the cult, a man who headed the history department at
Greg) had both had to work and as it was still Christmas break the lad was left home alone. He and Sherlock had a lovely day of dissecting human eyes and analyzing the fibrous tissues. Sherlock filed away the information in case he ever needed it, Harvey just seemed content to squish something icky. Sherlock approved of the boy immensely, though he was baffled each time the lad called him “
The nearly invisible line was cut along both sides, the very skin removed instead of the scar simply being open back up as Sherlock had done with the other smaller scars. John hissed in pain but held still, staring at Sherlock the whole time. When all was done Sherlock set the scalpel and the stripe of removed flesh to the side, cradling John’s hand to his chest, smearing his white button-down with John’s blood.
“Hey, hey what happened? How is he?”
“So that’s it?” John asked, flabbergasted, “We’ve only just met and we’re going to look at a flat?” the man meaningfully looked at John's chest and lifted a challenging eyebrow which made John flush.
“Of course,” John furrowed his brow, “I imagine most people do. Why do you ask?”
“You’re doing so well, love. I’m so proud of you. I love you so much.” Sherlock said, kissing Johns forehead, his cheeks, his eyes lids, his lips. “
The case, they found once they reached Paris, had skyrocketed from a six to an eight. After two weeks of wandering Parisian back alleys and listening to Sherlock whisper in his smooth French tongue, John found himself stalking behind his husband within the catacombs. Thousands of empty-eyed skulls stared into his soul as he and Sherlock poked their heads around a corner, watching the mass of people.
belonged
to me. What’s going on in that big head of yours? Who do you want to hurt?” John spoke gently. Sherlock bowed his head in shame.
Six hours later Sherlock had tracked John down using his credit cards. Honestly, the man needed better passwords. He had been couch surfing, it seemed, staying with a few friends he had told Sherlock about. Mike Stamford for a few nights, an old army buddy for another few. Always in proximity to his job. Sherlock paced outside the home of John’s old grad school friend, a man who had been kind through John’s transition.
“Remember-“
“Ah, Detective Sargent, one can only hope.” Greg couldn’t help a small smile at the boy’s tongue.
” her.” Sherlock couldn’t help the way he sneered at Donovan. A taken aback look came over the woman’s face, but she didn’t say anything more.
Sherlock followed
John wanted to say something snarky and teasing, but when he opened his mouth, nothing would come out past the lump in his throat.
“I… I’m no better than that man today. I want to own you.” Sherlock started haltingly, “I want… I want everything you do and say to belong to me. I want every word you speak to be for me alone. I want you to always be looking at me, I want every thought of wonder to be inspired by me. I want… I want every bad memory, every fear, ever horror to be chased away by me and me alone.” Sherlock stopped, John could see his eyes closed tight as he held John closer and closer.
“St. Barts.”
you’re an arse, I know how you fuck with people’s heads to get what you want, I know you keep people at arm’s length because you’re hurting. I know how bad you can be, and don’t-“ John shook his head roughly, “don’t tell yourself that I’m foolish enough to think I can ever make you some- some
Oh, don’t get him wrong, it’s not at all that he didn’t want to marry Sherlock, or that he didn’t care about their wedding. He did, but everything seemed so big. There where
come first for me.” Sherlock vowed; his voice so low there was no chance for any of the guests around them to hear. John pulled Sherlock in tight at the admission, a lump having formed in his throat. They swayed out of time with the music as a gentle patter of rain began to fall outside.
” in a rather stern voice. Sherlock just smiled mischievously and brushed him off.
“I’m thinking,” Sherlock hissed back, “that they are mad, but also fixated on this particular stretch of the catacombs. They truly believe they can reach the devil through these halls. And if they’d like to continue their
As they spun to enter the alleyway again and lead the police into the catacombs John swore he caught Sherlock snarl something that sounded like “
“Dance with me?” Sherlock asked with a crooked smile, offering a hand to John. John hesitated.
But if John was honest, all of that was currently at the back of his mind. As Sherlock sat on the floor in front of their coffee table, carefully watching an instructional video on napkin folding (“Sydney or swan, John?”
His eyes, ocean blue, a little closer to brown in the center. Surrounded by laugh lines.
“I’ve… found a case in Paris. It’s only a six but,” Sherlock shrugged. “it… it sounded like a good idea? The city of love, built on catacombs full of the dead. It seemed like a fitting place for our honeymoon.” He looked down at John with fondness and John felt his heart swell with emotion. John reached up and yanked Sherlock down by his collar, kissing him speechless.
The girl seemed overjoyed by the pancakes. Obediently, she devoured the set amount of eggs and quarter apple John gave her before her wide blue eyes silently pleaded for the pancakes. She managed to eat not one, not two, but three by herself before sighing contentedly and leaning back in her chair, little legs kicking under the table. Until she began to doze against Sherlock's side. He looked at her in amazement when she boldly leaned on him, as if she’d done something remarkable. The conversation from last night ran rampant in John’s mind.
“The docks, of course, it’s always the bloody docks, idiot” Sherlock whispered, sighing with annoyance at himself and pinching the bridge of his nose, before looking down at Rose on the floor. “And… what of Rose?”
, said to Greg in a bored tone. The fresh-faced Detective Sergeant, who had been walking by the holding cells to fetch an alleged serial killer, paused, then looked into the cell he was walking by. There was a boy there, perhaps in his mid-20’s at the most, clearly a junkie. His hair was matted and greasy, his eyes blood shot and dilated, two crystal orbs set deep into a gaunt face.
Finally, John crawled from his bed, the memory of explosions and gun fire chasing him. He set both feet on the ground and cried out in pain as his leg gave out. He crumbled to the ground.
“Y-You died, and I couldn’t… I couldn’t do any-“ he cut himself off with a head shake, gripping John tightly.
“I do.” He breathed out. Sherlock worked quickly. Bloodstained the towel, the open flesh a gaping wound. Sherlock's name whispered in every drop of blood. Sherlock stared at it in amazement for a moment, before cleaning away the blood and gently bandaging his husband. John sighed in delight at the attention. By the third scar, both men were fully aroused, John had broken out in goosebumps, Sherlock had deftly unbuttoned his slacks.
“Sherlock,” John hiccupped out, no longer hiding his tears. Silently, staring at John with an intensity that flayed Johns soul, just as the man had flayed his skin, Sherlock brought the wound to his mouth. He licked at the blood, gnawing on the skin, opening the wound further, ensuring a mottled stripe of white scar would take the place of the only physical sign of Moriarity's assault.
John loved him already and with a breathless chuckle he nodded as the man shot him a secretive grin and winked, whisking out the door and muttering about a riding crop. John looked to Mike expectantly, who just stared at him dumbstruck.
Sherlock felt himself floating back into the present, he had taken up his classic thinking pose on their couch ages ago. For lack of anything better to do, he found himself mentally reviewing old cold cases. John had only been living here a few weeks and already he seemed to stretch and expand, laying his mark on 221B. Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he’d never felt so at home before. Sherlock turned his eye onto his roommate turned (
Nothing special, that’s what John Watson was doing on this lazy Monday morning. Off work, no cases. The flat was quiet, John was up early, as always. Nothing new there.
“Still what?” John was getting irritated now, he hadn’t seriously thought about children since he transitioned. The government didn’t even want to admit people like him existed, let alone allow them to raise a child. “It’s not like we can keep the girl, she’s a victim-“
John,” he groaned, rubbing his eyes, “why are so many people clueless about their lovers’ misgivings?”
I had deduced his military service, his familial bonds, his injuries, and many other rather personal matters. Instead of disdain or anger, as I expected, John showed genuine awe. In all the years I had been working with the Yard, in all the years I’d worked as a private investigator, not once had anyone showed such wonder at what I did.”
” this word was sneered in venom, “they will peacefully allow us to take the girl and leave. Which, in turn, will buy time for Lestrade’s friend to arrive.”
) but Sherlock, knowing his lover much more fully, was not fooled.
“You want to be a Da’.” Sherlock said. And John felt a flush on his face, a disbelieving laugh quietly escaping him.
“Was it enough?” Sherlock asked. John sighed heavily, he’d heard that over and over. The answer was always the same.
.” Mycroft said simply. “I was… misguided, I was young, naive and afraid. I’m still afraid, Sherlock, no, stop.” He sharply cut the younger man off when Sherlock opened his mouth to snark at his brother, Sherlock’s mouth audibly clicked closed. “Be quiet, for once, and listen to me. I feared for you. I feared for the broken heart you’d be subjected to. And my worse fears came true with Victor, you two were so in love. So young, so vulnerable. I feared the power he held to hurt you, and he died in the worst way, the absolute
“Yes, you do.” Sherlock cut him off, frowning at the man, “and it’s not just with me, it’s certainly not new. I’m not saying you want whips and chains and collars, but you enjoy submitting to someone who deserves it. I’d wager you always have; you spent your childhood trying to constantly appease a man who didn’t deserve your submission. Of course you would naturally seek out men who do later in life. Sholto? Me? The army?”
“Sherlock, we’ve both got PTSD, some days we can hardly take care of ourselves. How the hell would you expect us to care for a bloody child? And not to mention…” John trailed off, biting his lip.
The leader of the who thing, who had managed to barely escape the raid, was holed up in a safe house down in the seedier part of London. It took three calls and Sherlock had the address from his homeless network. Greg thanked them for their hard work, telling them not to come along lest John’s hand slip and accidentally fire his gun.
"Oh, did someone have a long day with the man-crush and the fucked-up brother? That's sounds rather tedious."
"Geez man, chill, okay? I didn't know."
He was smiling and laughing just like that first night, only it was directed at that girl. Who did she think she was, making his Loki laugh? /No, no. Stark, he is not yours, he's probably not even gay/, Tony admonished himself.
Kirk ran up the two, looking utterly out of breath and oh dear Jesus, was he wearing cologne? "Hey, Loki. Geanette."
"Sherlock Holmes and Tony Stark. Certifiable geniuses, and assholes."
"Oh sorry, there," apologized the youngest Smith, Gean thought his name was Matt.
"And why would I agree to that, I can /barely tolerate/ you."
"Yeah, I'm fine, I'm me, besides not making a thing will get me in JJ's good graces and that can't hurt." It was odd for Bruce, in a way, to see Tony so relaxed, at ease, and naturally happy in this setting. Usually, unless he was behind a work bench or in a lab, Tony was constantly on edge with the world. It could only lead Bruce to conclude that something or someone was capturing Tony's attention and drawing out good vibes.
But Loki wasn't focused on that. He was too busy staring at the next up, Tony Stark. He had repeated the name in his head a depressing number of times. So this is what having a crush on a non-fictional man felt. And on his first day at a new school no less. He was putting this above not being violently injured in gym. How strange...
Sherlock Holmes- Freshman
Maxy halted as soon as she saw River, becoming quiet, the mute River knew. She blushed furiously, ducking her head to hide her face.
All eyes were on Loki as he held the instructors eye contact. "Historically speaking, the human race craves subjugation. It's the only reason government exists, to rule."
/You told him?/
"Wh-what are you—I don't—"
JJ walked him to Mythology, thank god. The school had so many hallways Loki felt loke he was walking in a labyrinth. JJ idly talked about his next class (Journalism, as he needed an extra credit). He waved to another classmate, walking towards them, "Deanie!!! Yoohooo!"
"Nice to meet you Loki. What room are you looking for?" John, the kinder-looking of the two asked. The other, Jim, was still staring at Loki in that really creepy way.
"Would you stop, my brother's fine. We just are too similar for our own good."
And she had rejected him.
Gean was currently walking to Calculus class with Maxy and Castiel. She tried not to look conspicuous as she glared daggers at Tony Stark. Something about him rubbed her the wrong way.
"Yes, but I fail to see where you are going wi-"
When Gabriel felt his shoulders hit the wall, he had to close his eyes and pretend he was somewhere else but here, because this was a moment. As he felt the creepy young freshman's breathe on his cheek and hands on his neck, he prayed for their roommates to show up back from wherever they'd gone to for dinner because at least then he could make an overall excuse to sleep. When the distance closed, he repeated the mantra in his head. /This is for Cas. This is for Cas. This is for Cas./
"Do you know if Lokes is anywhere around? He usually does the cooking, I'm crap at it." As if to enunciate this, he took another slurp of soup.
/The wind blows through your hair, as you're walking people stare off the block and down the street to North king's highway. And there's a beating in my chest and it’s seeming to suggest that before this day is through things might go my way..../
Tony gulped. /Okay, number one thing we weren't supposed to do just became number one thing to remember./ "I certainly don't intend to," he replied with as much bravado as he could muster.
"Oh, hell yes I mean that." Greg growled, kissing Mycroft hard.
This was going to be a long year.
Castiel was smiling to himself, he couldn't help it, "You get used to Cry...it's not a problem is it? I mean I know he's a little eccentric, but I trust him." It was a nice flash of home to see Cry again, and he couldn't help but be pleased that the situation with Dean was going to be fixed. It put his mind off of all his own problems that he'd been dealing with lately. It was a little worrisome though, to have the other part of his life and the things that came with it crossing over into school, but there was a bigger problem at hand, and he knew Cry well enough to not tell the others what they had helped each other through. This was his opportunity, though, to find out the opinions of people he was close to.
"WOO MAXY!! KICK SOME ASS!" JJ whooped at the girl in joy.
/No/ Gean and Loki signed at the same time.
Tony raised an eyebrow at him.
"He is NOT my brother."
"It is rather ridiculous," Loki agreed in turn, "But its never going to stop being funny when you flat out shoot him down! That face."
"It's nice to meet you, Geanette. I'm--"
"Nice to meet you all," He said softly before resuming the more important business of once again collapsing against Cry.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"DONT MAKE ME SMITE YOU, DEAN-O...OH WAIT YOU'VE GOT A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOR."
"I actually have a question...Do you know where we can find Cassie? We're here to resolve the business with Dean."
"You get used to it," JJ cackled as he dipped gracefully to the side to avoid a ball that had been kicked by that Holmes boy Johnny had been gazing at earlier. He was struck out by a one of the two girls in their gym class, a small spritely thing with petite features and dark, curly hair. She played this game fierce. Holmes looked pleased, as if he had expected the outcome, and slouched against the wall with a chemistry textbook.
~~~~~~~
"Uh, yeah, that'd be great."
Loki frowned. "Is there something wrong with seeming or being gay?"
"It's just...he was going on about you and how you shouldn't be so in favor of..."
It even surprised Odin. Someone had stood up to him, something not many had the guts to do. But this was JJ. "Excuse me? Do you know who I am? Who do you think you are?" Odin shouted at JJ.
"Thanks, Castiel."
"As always, I am quite pleased to accept an argument," Tony grinned,"I think if you put one person in charge, their mind would inevitably crazed with the power and they would stop thinking over the people they're rule. Everyone would become a pawn to the leader's devices. One with enough drive to conquer a planet would have wanted power for a long time. And what does that suggest? That whoever it is has no control over themselves. Once they gain power over people it wouldn't be easily refuted, and they would end up making poor choices that would lead to destruction and downfall."
"Ah, merde!" the boy declared. "That again!" Sherlock would have offered comfort if he knew how to. Cas looked like someone had just stolen his lunch money and his puppy at the same time.
"So, how are we gonna keep Deano with us?"
Cas was efficient, Gean gave him that. It took a total of 15.369 seconds to boot up his laptop and contact Felipe. Gean paced the entire time. "CAAAASSIE!!" The tiny speakers erupted with a slightly Mexican accent.
"Ugh, I thought weekends were supposed to be relaxing, now I'm told I have to spend the whole time trying to communicate with /those people/," Loki was sulking masterfully next to him as they walked to the front of campus.
"It was JJ's idea, but I am 90 percent sure that you will be able to stay here. At school." With me. "With us."
"Yo, Deanie-Beanie, knock it off and get to class. Our first trumpet has to be  able to play, damn it, and he can't if his face is swollen, don't make me beat you with my mallet, I swear on Maxy I will!" JJ called out, running back from where he had been checking on his friend, just in time to witness the blow out between the boys. It was confusing, for even though they were shook up, Sherlock's friend had apologized and it seemed the young Odinson boy had no qualms against him. Then again, Dean being protective and prone to violence, Sherlock had figured that out from the beginning with one glance at the little brother. Jack and Dean went scurrying into the band room, even though free period wasn't over for another ten minutes.
"What, Gay?" JJ leaned in so he and the Odinson patriarch were eye to eye,"That's a non-issue. Considering the fact that some of my closest friends are gay and bisexual I highly advise you think through a response. The only problem with those two is that it's sweet Gabriel stuck with creepy Jim, it has nothing to do with the fact that they are both boys. You understand me, Mr. Odinson?"
Gabe could. He was often told he had an overactive imagination. He could imagine Cas having a breakdown in the middle of a class, Balthy going white for his family as Jim spoke. He could even imagine Sam's face in startling clarity as he was told that his best friend had the hots for him.
If John noticed the fact that Dean wasn't in his usual place at breakfast, he certainly didn't say it. Ever since last night, no one had really said much of anything. Loki was at the corner of the table, in a fetal position with a hardcover of War of the Worlds, and JJ was sat in a position in which he could glare at everyone, and in fact, did. John's little thought process was overwhelmed by the thing that everyone was thinking: What was going to happen to Dean? John knew the numbers. Dean was at the beginning of his senior year with nine assaults on record and though no one knew the exact words said, Fury had made clear that he wouldn't tolerate any more of Dean's violence. It seemed like they were scared to kick him out but feared they'd have no choice. He was here on an academic scholarship and merit, but lately, John shuddered to think, Dean just didn't seem to care anymore, and he certainly couldn't control his anger, especially when he had deemed it protective, and the school was running out of options to help him. Dean's friends, John himself included, had been trying to help for so long, and now the consequences loomed over them like so many ice-cold water balloons filled to burst, like even the slightest noise would set them off.  Today, everyone was like Jack's hair after JJ's most recent flipout. Quiet and flat and scared.
"He got into a fight and JJ is upset. That's pretty much all you need to know."
~~~~~
"Alright, but let me know if something happens, okay?" Across the classroom, someone called out to Gean. "Text me tonight, okay?" Geanette told her best friend before rushing off.
JJ saw him first.  "Well, let's hope whatever magic your Cry works up will be enough to convince Fury." Cas nodded.
It reminded her of the thing she had going with Maxy. She had punched quite a few people in the name of Maxine Fallen and in turn she had gained her best friend of all time, the only non-blood relative she trusted with her secret.
"You're buckets of fun," Loki said sarcastically. "I should go before JJ freaks out again. Honestly, its like he's my mother."
"Geez man, you gotta stop doing that," Dean chuckled.
Chapter 2- Jack Harkness- Sophomore
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Smith, don't pretend I have any clue who those people are. But I thought I saw a ginger making out with the skinny blonde kid from band."
"Apologies. It's just not a good situation when it's revealed to you that you are nothing more than the aftermath of an embarrassing love affair of distant relatives and were only taken in out of pity, suddenly having every sign of sibling favoritism make perfect sense."
"What? Oh. We didn't do much math. Dr. Bishop was zoned again. So Cas and I caught up. Maxy and Bruce chatted it up with science. The ushe. Algebra?"
/To you as well, its nice to have someone who can keep up./ She winked at him in a surprising show of social boldness.
"I have a bit of leverage, you see. I figure you do this for me, we have a bit of fun, I keep from going dreadfully bored, and while I volley for Sherlock, you can see if you can make that moose-boy of yours jealous."
River was amazed. She had no idea that her small, quiet roommate had so much to her.
"Just watch it next time, Smith."
Loki led her over. "Hello, gentlemen. I'd like to introduce you to Geanette Harrison, JJ's twin sister."
"Oh, shut up," He scoffed good-naturedly, elbowing her in the side. Geanette couldn't control her giggles.
"Hang on, Cas. It'll be okay, let me go get Balthazar."
"Do you know him well?"
"LOKI!!!" JJ was screaming, taking corners so tight that he was tripping over himself but never slowed down. The bus station came into view and the four increased their speed. "LOKI!"
Nevertheless, it was terrifying to think of what was being plotted by JJ and Loki Odinson, who was devious, in a secret kind of way.
"Go away, Jim. I'm not in the mood for any pranks on Spock."
"That, is not being friendly."
After an hour of wallowing in despair, she was starved, so she figured she might as well go fix up something. Of course, when she got to the kitchen there was, of course another participant in the forever alone club. Stark was perched on a stool with tomato soup. After the events of the night, that really wasn't the kind of person she'd been wanting for company. There were no reassurances tonight, it was only a week in to the school year, and already there was so much trouble.
Tony hadn't had much interaction with JJ mono-y-mono, but he had seen the boy punch the shit out of Jim Kirk for hitting on a friend. The bloody nose alone was enough to scare the shit out of him. Needless to say, while he respected JJ to a fault, Tony couldn't help but draw a parallel. Where he used sarcasm and wit to protect the things he loved, JJ used brute force and threats. Which begged the question, why did he latch on to Loki so soon?
Passing Stark on the way, Jack and JJ both took a flick at the side of his head, not stopping long enough for confrontation. "Thanks a lot, asshole," Jack called back as they kept running.
/Honestly, I'm fine. He's actually quite pleasant./
"Thor's younger brother?"
"No, forget I said that, there's not enough evidence, probably wrong, I usually get one thing or another wrong." He saw a group pass by, all glaring at Stark. Likely those that had chased after the runaway.
Dean decided that the world was coming to an end.
/In what way did we think Honors Gym was a good plan. We could be doing math right now. MATH./
"Sorry, Mr. Bishop."
“He’s given me no reason not to, and without him and John on the first day, I wouldn’t be here, so I guess I owe him my trust.”
/The only one in years./
He knew it sounded cheesy, a thought of a pubescent girl.
River Song strolled back to the dorm, humming her favorite tune. She had had a fabulous time with her parents and even gotten Matt to blush. He was ever so cute when he blushed.
"Was bound to happen sometime," Dean stated with a pat to Kirk's shoulder. He went off in search of a better view of JJ's sister (and god was he dead if JJ ever found out). Dean positioned himself on a wall, watching Geanette without staring. Well, mostly without staring.
He walked over to the science wing next, standing side by side with JJ and trying to be comforting. When they got to the classroom, the first thing they noticed were lab partners written on the board. Oh shit.
sion would go through the roof without any place to burn it off. But seriously. I HATE athletics. At least we were beating Kirk, but that was mainly because  Gean had tied him to a tree.
"Smith doesn't know either!"
Thor thought he heard his mother's voice, and then she was at his side, pulling him towards Loki and his friend. "Thor Odinson, if you ever say anything like that to Loki, I will kill you myself."
Kirk spotted Geanette, who had moved a tiny bit closer to Loki. "Well hello there," he drawled, "The name's Kirk. Jim Kirk."
World Studies with Bishop was an interesting class, everybody knew that, considering that the professor had himself seen the world and knew what the textbooks didn't say about pretty much everywhere. That being said, it was hard to focus with JJ grimacing all class, looking like he was preparing an attack. He tried looking elsewhere, but if he looked in another direction, there was kicked puppy Odinson, Maxine who hadn't said two words to him (well, she spoke in sign language, but still, the two weren't close), some of the clique that hung with the Smith boys, and others he didn't really know despite that fact that he had seen some of their faces last year.
"Loki Odinson."
"Fine, don't, see if you get any of the good parts. You'll be on finger cymbals for the rest of your damn life, Winchester." She walked up behind him, and leaned in, her mouth next to his ear.
Cas stood in the middle of the room, blinking and replaying the past 2 minutes in his head.
He placed his hand on his younger brother's back, "They aren't going to start anything, I'm sure, they just want to-"
After class, everyone was dismissed back to the dorms to prepare dinner for themselves. Life skills, the administrator called it. Lazy was the proper term in Sherlock's opinion.
"Yo, Holmes, what are we doing for food!" It was a vain attempt on Tony's part, especially since he was face down on his top bunk bed, looking down at Sherlock who was staring dead-eyed back up at him.
"So Lokes," Gean leaned over, "Whats it like looking at your future?"
JJ gave Loki a sideways look. "Breakfast is at 6. I was going to head down early so I can get some decent grub," he waved a hand lazily towards the bathroom, "He'll be at least another half-hour. Coming?"
"Exactly. Now, how are we keeping Deano from going back home?"
"I just wanted to say good game in Outdoor Ed today, you really gave me a run for my money...even though 'it's not a competition'." Maxy giggled and shook the offered hand.
"Hey!" He ruffled JJ's hair. "How was Calculus?"
"Me?"
The boy reared backwards in shock, and it looked hilarious. Damn, Geanette Harrison, much like her brother, could certainly hold her own. She wasn't about to kowtow to anyone.
"Is that a mythology thing?"
"Which thing? The number of people on campus with one eye or the fact that our friend is holding hands with that gunk-ball Moriarty."
"Don't you dare say he didn't deserve it, Watson. That prick could tell it wasn't wanted."
"She just rejected me," breathed Kirk, still dumbfounded.
"Well, Lokes, I'm going to go see my bro now," Geanette said. "I'll be back in a bit." She handed over her iPod over to Loki. "Can you hold on to this for a bit? I'll see you later in the dorms."
"Like watching you wallow? No thank you, I'd rather be in algebra with the idiots."
"Thor, you imbicile, put me down!"
"Don't you dare put me on his level. What was the kid's problem anyway?"
A small kid came whizzing past them, looking determined. He was adorned in tight purple pants and a dark band t-shirt, seemingly indifferent to his predicament. "Already late on the first day, mini-Novak?" Dean hollered
"Ugh, I don't want to make food." Tony groaned, curling up under his blankets.
"Yes, Thor's younger brother, and JJ's roommate-slash-pet project," Tony dismissed with a wave of his hand.
Loki was grinning to himself in a creepy way.
"Journalism. Gotta get my gossip on, Winchester," JJ waved between Loki and Dean, "Odinson, Winchester. Winchester, Odinson. Gotta run loves! See you for Lunch, eh?"
The grumbling continued and he looked down at his beat-up shoes.
He had heard it through the grape vine. And by grape vine, Bruce obviously meant his roommate Greg, who had heard through Sherlock that Tony had gotten punched in the face, by Winchester of all people.
Loki seemed to contemplate his answer. "Okay, I need to know about a lot of people. JJ says you're some sort of genius. I think you can help. Do you know John Watson?"
"Yeah," he whispered back, and it could have just been the temperature of the room, but the boy's face was a bit red, "We should do this every night."
Thor Odinson- Senior
"Thanks for going along with this."
"Yes, I'm fine. Everyone's got their issues, and not too much damage was done, apart from, you know, the face," Tony was insisting, a small grin on his swollen cheek.
"Ah yes, the hilarious face of rejection!"
"You aren't going to do anything stupid again, are you? You're scaring me."
"Small Novak, you should not be running in the halls."
"His ability to get a read on people at a glance is disconcerting, yet still interesting. I would like to know how he does it."
"'Ello." The girl smiled.
"I agree," Loki's face twisted up, "That's just wrong."
"Oversized Odinson, if you would like to assist, feel free, we may need some brute strength."
"Dude, Tony was totally jealous."
The boy merely winked in return before turning into his classroom.
"Professor Holmes tested my fluency and said I should sit with you two," Loki came up and sat next to Sherlock. "Today has just been the worst day, but at least I have a solo this coming concert."
She reeled back from Cry and who she could only assume was the aforementioned boyfriend. "You recognize me?"
"Always nice to  see it on an enemy's face," Loki agreed.
"Odd? Welcome to this school, you get used to it."
"Then figure it out on your own, Novak!" He growled lowly, so that Mr. Francis wouldn't hear them. He only had to make it to lunch and then her could see that cute little freshman he was rooming with. Oh. And JJ. Yeah, his best friend was important too.
"JJ, come on it's not that bad. Loki can handle his own."
~~~~~
"Why do you think I'm so chill right now? There's no one pissed off at me cuz I've actually been being a decent human being. We've gotten to be friends, we eat dinner together. It's all developing naturally and it feels great!"
"I tolerate you. Barely."
"I think I'm JJ fucking Harrison and I think you're a fucking asshole. Come on now Lokes, I need your help and I'm done with his shit." Thor watched as JJ grabbed his brother's hand and started pulling him towards the dorms. His mother was glaring at his father who was sporting a look of disgust.
Gabriel Novak- Freshman
They ran, why, well, Jack was sure it had something to do wih JJ's protective nature. He had seen it in action with Maxy Fallen. He was positive they had something going but hey, he wasn't going to say anything. Angry JJ could make a dinosaur piss himself.
JJ had already gone into "Mother mode" (not that Jack would admit he called it that). "OhmygodsLokiareyouokayiwassoworrriedwhenyoudidntshowforlunchandDeansaidhehadntseenyouandthenSherlocktoldusyouwerehereandimsorryishould havewarnedyouthatStarkisanass."
"I'm glad we could agree to this...little arrangement..." He whispered, dragging a cold finger along Gabriel's chin, "You are rather an adorable little pawn."
He watched her come together with her dance partner, laughing and smiling and looking hotter than the sun.
"You hear that, babe, /early/."
So he worked with Gabriel for the rest of class on their webquest, subconsciously thinking of what JJ had told him. Personally, John had been accepted into most social circles fairly quickly, but he hadn't even considered that someone as closed off and abrasive as JJ from freshman year could have been completely alone.
He sees Thor deflate a bit from his peppy self, but soon abandons the thought in favor of rustling Gabriel's hair as much as possible.
"Can't I say hello to anyone?" Jack called from the bathroom sink, where he was setting out yet more products.
"Hello." River started, as calmly as one can be when their supposed mute of a roommate was singing just moments before.
"Oh my gosh," Bruce cracked a smile, "I never thought I'd see the day Tony Stark would have an actual legitimate crush."
"I cannot believe you told my little brother." His tone was harsh but quiet.
"My lips are sealed, don't worry. You gonna be okay?"
"Don't gove me that bullshit Stark. Something happened, and while I'm glad Loki seems happy, your reputation precedes you." JJ was giving him a steely look that promised death. "Hurt him again, and we'll find out just how your face looks with my fist in it."
"Shit," he declared, as he swung his trumpet case over his shoulder and the boys simultaneously started to leave their dorm room. "I hadn't even considered that. He has latched on to that kid like a virus."
The other boy drew his attention more. He had an intelligent look, and Loki was drawn to his chocolate colored eyes. He barely registered JJ sighing, " Five minutes back and he's already staring at Holmes."
She looked at him. Loki was almost deathly serious. "Um... why?"
From the center of the group, Sherlock and Tony heard a small voice say, "I told you not to do anything to him. I'm okay. Really." They kept walking but Tony reached out and caught the boy's wrist after his state of shock had worn off, pulling him face to face.
Just so y'all know, like JJ and Maxy, Cry and the other characters from his 'verse that will be appearing later in the story are original characters. They were created by me (littleblackneko, though JJ is a creation of TwoMoonsLite). He and his related characters are from the novel I am writing and hope to publish in the future so it would be GREATLY, GREATLY appreciated if you do not steal them or take credit for them. Like seriously. Mine. Dibs, Sorry for seeming overprotective, but the novel is a majorly huge deal to me. These are my babies so please respect that, and if anyone sees the thievery of these characters, please let me know because they mean a whole heck of a lot to me and I do intend to publish them, so until, hopefully, that dream comes true, do not write with Cry, Max, and Kat. I'm sure none of you lovelies would but I'm really worried about it, so I figured I'd mention it here. Ta darlings, and I hope you all enjoy this chapter of Fandom High/
"Well I wouldn't be so tired if-"
"Oh." He heard from next to him. "It's a Winchester, is it? It's alright, I understand completely," Gabriel was staring into the distance.
"Because," his friend closed his eyes and paused, choosing careful words. "Because I look at them, and I see a younger me."
"I missed the sign up date. JJ is more punctual than I," she explained,  waving away Loki's explanation. Dean was drawn to her unnaturally blue eyes, heightened by her make-up.
"Listen, Cas. If we can prove that Dean would be better off here than at home, then he stays! It's so simple! HOW DID I NOT SEE IT BEFORE?!" Gean shouted to the sky. "After class today, we're video chatting that boy, meet in my room."
"You don't seem to mind when Watson does it," Tony leered.
"Trust me, Lokes, it's my pleasure!"
He put on a fake smile and walked over to the pair. "Hey, Loki."
“Sounds wonderful.”
The class filed out, and Greg stayed laying back in his chair. He watched as Mycroft Holmes checked the hallway to watch the class walk away, then slowly, intimidatingly paced over to Lestrade's seat.
"That's the last time I listen to him! At least Jack can keep me entertained." She grew serious, her face becoming similar to the one she uses whenever Gean talks of Kirk, an annoyed 'I want you gone' face. "If Holmes pulls any more crap..."
"Close the door, would you, Lestrade?"
"Mr. Odinson."
For any who may be confused, yes JJ and Geanette are, in fact, the same person.
"No, just a ruler, an immortal ruler."
"Hello, Castiel." Sherlock gave the boy a curt nod.
"Tony Stark, genius and teen millionaire. JJ told me about you. It's nice to finally meet you."
Loki had one of he smartest looking girls Dean had ever seen on his arm. She had on a little red number and Dean would be damned if she didn't look amazing.
"I'd like that, Loki."
It must be truly terrifying, Sherlock thought, to be the friend of JJ Harrison.
/So pretty much, we three know a lot of things that no one else does?/ Maxy smiled.
"What?"
I'll let you in on a secret, Lokes," JJ leaned over to him as they walked into the cafeteria. John waved from across the large, glass room. "My gift is friendship. Johnny boy!"
"Who?"
"Yes, how ever did you know?"
Kirk's first step would obviously be to formulate a plan. He was semi-decent at those.
"Yes, sir."
The three returned to where JJ, Jack, Maxy and John were sitting, and settled down. Tony was vivified with how animated the table was, what with Jack’s overwhelming perviness, JJ’s tough but fun exterior, and John’s warm pleasantness. Loki, of course, was his primary focus, as the boy engaged him in every single possible topic. Despite the fact that Tony knew he had only gotten a few hours’ sleep due to the fact that he had been woken up by a certain roommate playing his violin at three AM, he was certainly not feeling tired as they conversed. Loki’s friends looked a bit surprised for some reason, and one glance at Sherlock made it obvious he was uncomfortable. But of course. He had ended up sitting right next to his boy-wonder crush John Watson. And as for Tony, he was next to his crush, too. The difference is that he hadn’t spent a year pining over the boy like Sherlock denied tooth and nail he had while he was a prospective eighth grade student.  Instead, he was somehow letting things progress naturally. Right now they were entering friendship, and maybe someday they could have it be something else. Maybe. He wasn't going to get his hopes up that the stunning specimen of Loki would be going that way, let alone interested. As Loki continued talking with great enthusiasm, Tony repeated in his head /It’s just a stupid little crush, that’s all it is, a silly crush./ It was a lie and Tony knew that, but it was keeping Tony from admitting that he would end up hurting him, that he had a whole ton of baggage that no one needed to deal with, let alone someone with their own problems. Plus, the kid was under protection of some of the mightiest people in the school.
He drew his fingers up to his neck, noting that yes, indeed, his pulse was racing furiously. Cas knelt on the ground, curling up on his bed, breathing heavily. It wasn't going away, and it was starting to hurt. This wasn't rational, and so many thoughts bombarded him, mainly the thought that it was wrongwrongwrong to feel like this, even though it wasn't rational truth, he couldn't help but feel all the horrible memories that came with it. Dean was staying, and that was /so good/, but it still meant that every day would be spent feeling like this and it was getting much harder. He managed to gain his composure a bit, being able to control his breathing even though his heart was hammering and he was sweltering hot, there was no fixing this. There was nothing but this overwhelming desire and self-hate for being so terribly stupid.
"So, um," Gabriel whispered next to him as they walked toward the band room, "Are you going to tell me what happened or what? Are you being harassed again? Is it-"
JJ looked taken aback, "What? Can't a guy be friendly?"
"What, a guy can't say hi to a pretty lady and her friend?"
"You mean Mycroft? I can do what I please around him. He's afraid to punish me because the last time he did, I used his credit card to have manure delivered to his office and I burnt his favorite umbrella in an experiment. Anything else, and I have emotions well enough, I just don't show them for safety's sake. If anyone knew my emotions, it would become hellish for me." Sherlock's gaze turned slowly from Loki to where boys had started kicking a ball around. More specifically, to John Watson. Realizing his company, he shot his eyes forward. No one needed to know about /that/.
Today had been the most fun she'd had in ages! Who would have thought that the shyest little freshman would be the most devious? Not to mention the huge boost to her confidence...the way the boys had stared. It was the best proof that she had the power to be whoever she wanted.
"JJ?"
"I made copies, now shut up you," JJ replied, before turning back to Loki.
"Cheers to that," Gean declared to her new non-enemy.
Castiel barely had time to utter a confused "what" before Gabe had scampered off, throwing an arm around Sam while he was still short enough to do so. Sam laughed and shoved Gabe's face away with one hand, effectively messing up the latter's hair as well.
"Indeed you did. Oh look, speaking of male infatuation..."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shove off, Harrison," Dean pushed JJ down the hallway and then directed his attention to the freshman he was left with.  "Loki, was it?"
Step one: Get in Geanette's good graces. That should be easy enough, Kirk was a charming guy when he wanted to be.
Maxy Fallen took no crap (a side effect of being best friends with a badass like Gean). She was one of the two girls in Outdoor Ed, and as smart as the likes of Tony Stark or Sherlock Holmes. She was meek, sure, but she could defend herself. Which was why she was flipping out to herself. She knew Gean would do something stupid, possibly confront Sherlock. But that would put her in danger of someone less trustworthy knowing. So Maxy had no choice. She diverted Gean away from following  Sherlock to Geometry and took her to the next class, which they also shared.
"Listen I will do almost anything if you keep my secret please please please I will so anything," Gean begged, not even bothering to let the boys get a word in.
Things were incredibly awkward in Government class, not only because he usually ditched, but because he could feel Sherlock's eyes boring into his head ever since he had been told. He hadn't figured it out on his own, alarmingly, and Greg couldn't help but worried that he'd blown this whole thing by acting too soon.
"What, are you Cas now or something?"
"Yeah, with Bishop. Why me?"
"Why hell-lo," the one called Jack grinned cockily at him, before smacking his ass, causing Loki to flush red. Oh all that is good in the world, what had he gotten himself into?
"Whatever, man. I know guys. I am one half the time!"
"Time is of the essence, Castiel. Can you speak a little faster, maybe?" Gean urged impatiently.
John had seen JJ at his scariest, and at his worst. So, he decided that it would be a good idea to try to cool him off in World Studies before they both had to deal wih Stark in Chemistry next hour. Jack had Loki's back for now, they had the same class.
"It would be better than leaving people to make their own choices. At least with one direct goal in sight, not everyone would be so caught up in the politics and trying to get exactly what they want. One person would have one thing they were working towards and could move forward as a collective to improve the situation. There is no way to know that it'll be solely bad choices. Maybe they're just sick of all the hidden agendas, the lies, the deciet... Maybe they want no one to have to be shadowed from the truth? Maybe they realize that by showing everyone the honest reality of everything, a lot less hearts will be broken as hard when not everything is as it should be," Loki could feel his facade slipping.
"I should have known all his 'friends' would be freaks."
John    12:56
John aches with fondness. “Say what?” he teases.
John    14:25
“Then what?”
I was holding the most precious, the most essential and breakable thing in my hands. Of all the men in Paris, Sherlock chose to kiss me. Because he wanted to be close, to feel me, because he wanted me to feel him.
Sherlock presses his hands together and closes his eyes. Perhaps his own skin isn’t the only thing trapping him. Perhaps, for once, it’s his beloved London.
“Welcome”, I answer with no small amount of irony.
He turns his eyes to his own window. He will never be able to say any of those things. He can't name what they are doing, when all he knows is what it
“Well, neither do I”, John replies. His calm only seems to feed Sherlock’s despair.
Sherlock's slow breathing is loud, and John wants to burrow into the safety of that sound. And Sherlock's hair is amazing. John realises how much he's been wondering what it would feel like to do just this. When Sherlock falls asleep it feels intimate, and John watches the end of the movie with a silly smile in the corner of his lips, never pausing his hand's brushing through Sherlock's hair.
It turns out resurrection is good for business.
John    14:10
your own. SH
The minutes tick down towards the end of the year. Sherlock falls silent, fuming quietly over the new variables throwing his system off – before he suddenly looks up, eyes landing on John for the first time in days.
The thirty-sixth year, John falls a little more in love every day. Their lodge is shaping into their home, warming up with flames from the fireplace and cuddly leg tangles on the sofa. Sherlock spends all day in the garden lost in his bee colonies. John sits at the desk, closes his blog and opens an empty Word document, looking through the window at Sherlock's back. His posture tells John how content he is, and his words are softer at the edges. Sometimes they laugh about the way he used to insult John and order him around, and the way John was grumpy and fussy all the time, and Sherlock's rumbling laughter rolls around the lodge and all the laugh lines on his face show, and John loves him intensely.
“I will not miss one”, Sherlock sniffs.
When Sherlock's song came to an end, and he stopped dancing, it was like a spell releasing its hold on my lungs, letting me draw a few harsh breaths through my dry throat. Sherlock disappeared in a wall of cancan skirts, the brass band started playing something else, and I finally had the presence of mind to close my mouth, glancing around in embarrassment to see if anyone had watched me. I must have looked brainless.
Sherlock is a train barrelling through his mind palace. The third door to the right is where he keeps the dust; neat little heaps in between photo frames. Redbeard by the lake – his parents' wedding – his first violin performance – the smell of rosin is unmistakable. Gum, tall oil, wood. Diterpene monocarboxylic acid, alcohols, esters, aldehydes, hydrocarbons –
sent    00:40
After midnight he's getting tired, and at one point he almost falls asleep. He jerks himself awake for fear that he'll dream of a deserted house, Sherlock standing in it with a pill between his fingers, the two window panes too thick for John's scream to be heard.
It isn't until half an hour later that John remembers the second one of Mycroft's kidnappings, a few weeks after his move to Baker Street. A pang of worry ignites the fear in John, spreading through him like cold smoke. John has never seen a danger night so far, which is why he was stupid enough not to make the connection. But while Sherlock always takes off on his own during cases, he has never left like this
“That we should swim!” I start unbuttoning my shirt.
” Sherlock pulls back to look at John, incredulous. “I haven’t kissed anyone in ten years.”
“You cannot be serious. The odds of anyone actually finding '
Sherlock takes his arm from his face and slowly lowers his head into John's lap, eyeing John suspiciously. John tries not to laugh again, and instead lets his right hand land in the middle of Sherlock's unruly curls.
“Mmmm.” Sherlock purses his lips, not looking at John. “Not entirely, I suppose. It’s just not something I share with others now.”
I don't know what that means. And I don't really feel like talking to you about it. So I'll just say: Goodbye, Sherlock, at least for now.
There is a beeping sound from somewhere behind the stone wall.
“How dare you claim to protect me?” Sherlock's voice was dark and loud.
He turned, face twisted in a scowl. “What?”
It was
His full lips close around John's slowly, almost sensually – no,
wanted…” He trails off. “Well, I don’t know what I wanted. But I didn’t get it, and the resulting dissatisfaction disrupted my ability for logical thinking. So I decided to stop looking.”
“You'll figure it out”, John says with so much fondness in his voice, Sherlock immediately moves back into the mind palace bedroom, carefully perching the sound on the pillow of his old childhood bed.
He caught me looking at him and smiled. I love him.
, I protested.
“You amaze me, Sherlock Holmes.”
John    12:42
The moment bent, an exception to the laws of time. When it ended, Sherlock's smile was smug. He dashed his arm out to throw away a rose that someone tried to hand him – the poor young man paled, and then blushed intensely, under the stare of Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock reached out with both hands and shoved at the lapels of the boy's suit with a fast, practised movement, making the jacket slide off his shoulders. Then he turned his back and went on to the next man trying to get a handful of any part of Sherlock's body.
sent    20:26
Martha left with another wink, and I knocked on the dark wood before I opened the door.
When John came out just now, Sherlock imagined his taste in men; broad, muscular, blond. (Sounds more like
Sherlock looked immortal in his happiness. His skin was aglow with it, and his voice filled the theatre, sounding more clear and full than ever before. Never had I seen him so unguarded, not even asleep in my bed. This was Sherlock letting go of everything, telling the world who he was, and doing it as if it was
I strewed a string of kisses onto his neck and shoulders. “You should always have this”, I mumbled. “You're wonderful.”
Sherlock slides his foot further up John's leg.
The words are so big inside his lungs that he can barely get them out:
In the heart of the heart, the large theatre, lived a pulsing prism. Red curtains framing the stage, orange brassieres revealing smooth bellies, yellow gold ornaments on clothes and jewelled crowns, green and blue spotlights, indigo painted skin and violet skirts swirling in exotic dance. The Diamond Dogs were more fierce, more precise, more breathtaking than ever. They sang, voices high and dark and rough and clear; they danced, moving lithely and sensually and wildly and slowly; they told a story, and the joy of telling it was like explosions all over the stage.
John    14:56
“No?”
Largely, yes. SH
to you, but striving to recreate something
They are lying on top of the zebra sheets. It is unclear how it came about that they spend every day lying in this bed together, and even more unclear how Sherlock ended up in John’s arms.
He pointed at the poor composer, who had taken a seat and was looking very small in it.
He hummed around me, a deeply pleased sound.
I let myself look over at William when my friends leave. He isn't looking back at me, but I'm pretty sure I'm the reason for his smug smile.
Sherlock scoffs. “
Seems I missed two categories though. My
An old couple drives the sleigh, sitting huddled together under a blanket. You climb up and sit on the bench opposite them. Sherlock sits down right next to you. The old woman gives you a pile of blankets which you wrap tightly around the pair of you. The heat from your bodies pressed together is already building up inside the thick wool.
understood me.”
sent    10:03
“I-I thought…”
“Ten seconds”, Sherlock whispers. His sweet breath blows across John's face. They stare into each other's eyes – only Sherlock's eyes can ever look so intense, and only when he's looking at John. It makes John's stomach swoop every time.
The flat still smells like an unwashed arse from the prawns. They search in the cabinet under the sink, and when they don't find any remaining shells, they open all the windows. They're soon freezing, sitting bundled together on her bed, the cold somehow making the persistent stench even more distasteful.
He didn't. He regained his composure rapidly, raising his chin defiantly. But I could see his chest rising and falling fast. When I advanced into the room, he nearly backed into the mirror as though terrified that I would touch him.
When I think about it, I can't have actually seen him coming. It was dark, my face was pressed into the cold, wet asphalt, and there was rain in my eyes. But picturing it now, it's like I could see a big black shadow swoop in with a dramatic flare and murderous determination. There was a loud impact when Sherlock collided with the woman and she flew off my back.
I wouldn't be able to say how long we stood there. Wouldn't be able to tell you which shaking breaths were his and which were mine. Eventually we breathed in time with each other, and I wasn't cold any more, wrapped up in him. Strange how something that seemed impossible to do for months – holding him – now was the only possible thing to do. I nestled my face inside his coat collar, and the warm smell of Sherlock felt like a cure.
“Okay. What’s off limits, then?”
by Jack Nitzsche, Buffy Sainte-Marie, and Will Jennings
Perhaps it would be fine if you told me, then.
“Then let’s make it count.”
understand.
“Stop them!” Anderson shouted breathlessly behind us. He was impressively persistent. I suppose his office was sacred for him; it was a status marker, distinguishing him from the simple prostitutes.
“It's better than the alternative.”
It ends two hours into the twenty-ninth of January. John's phone wakes him, Tori cries through the speakers. John tells her he'll come to see her in the morning and he hangs up, falling back asleep before what happened slots into place in his reality.
Something in that expression makes honey pour through Sherlock's limbs and his stomach warm like hot chocolate.
At university, I made a mistake. I never loved Sebastian, in fact I hated him, but I discovered that in letting a man into me, I somehow gave him an entrance through the ice. In giving my body, I also gave control, and I am sure you can imagine how that control may be abused in the wrong hands. When I got out of that association, I promised myself to never again let anyone come into me and make me smaller than I am.
“Hmmm, what?” he asks, breath hot on Sherlock's sensitive skin.
Worst of all is that John must have noticed that Sherlock has woken up; his heartbeats are all but shaking the mattress beneath them. Meaning that if Sherlock doesn't move away very,
adores you, but I LOVE you.
“Mm, not
you'd have been bored by now.
“I love you”, I whispered.
221B is more chaotic than he has ever seen it; it seems impossible that anyone could manage to mess it up this much in one day. Furniture is toppled over, shelves are emptied on the rug, sheets of paper are strewn over every inch of the floor, and Sherlock's hair stands out in every direction. It's outright unfair that someone can still look good after pulling their hair all day.
“Ye-es…”, he frowns.
He rose from the bed, and I watched his handsome back as he walked across the floor. He clearly didn't need help to find out where I kept my shirts, so I went back to writing, relishing the sounds of a man moving in my room while I worked. When I next looked up, he was wearing an oversized shirt that reached below his pelvis.
The explosion inside the palace is deafening. John's voice blows through every room with one single word –
There's something so tremendously freeing in this. Those rare times when you don't have to speak at all to be able to play eloquently with each other on a dance floor.
John reaches out and gently cups Sherlock’s jaw with the palm of his hand. “Hey, look up for a moment.”
would be most welcome. SH
“Why are you saying this?” Even I could hear the panic in the outer edges of my voice.
I fall asleep with William's nose pressed against the top of my spine. I wake up to an empty bed, but that's okay. I don't need more to be sure. On the following Tuesday I leave my house in the evening to walk towards Sidensjö alone.
when he was sent to a man who wanted to consume him. He went to the tower alone, and he went to save us all.
“When you stop it, I will”, Gregory answered.
Because it's normal to exist with a stretch of distance and silence between one's flatmate and oneself. It's normal not to reach out to touch just because one stands close enough to do it. It's normal to lie alone in a narrow bed on nights when one's girlfriend is busy.
“So do you want to add any more rules?”
, I remember saying.
that's nothing. We never even used the word
the roof, and Moriarty told him that if he
in meticulous detail. Truth be told I barely understand half of what he's saying, but I do understand that it's utterly brilliant. Just the sheer amount of information he keeps in his mind for that one tune is staggering. It sounds very scientific when he speaks about it; all these mathematical calculations he makes in his head while he's playing. And yet it
Care to give me an example of those?
Smell of spring, smell of melting ice, smell of skin, smell of breath.
Mary    14:00
It's a beautiful picture, despite the silliness of it. Mrs Hudson has a knack for photography, clearly.
(Halling after Per Lööf from Ekshärad) – The halling that John and William battle to
sent    12:17
He spends time at her flat, and it's buzz and lewd and ecstasy. He feels virile, sexy, he's surfing on hormones that smudge out everything but freckled skin and what he can dream up doing to it. The sex keeps getting better, and the talking isn't too bad either. Even her cat isn't the worst thing in the world; he wasn't overjoyed to learn she had one, but this one does little else than lie around sleeping.
His eyelids lifted. “Take off my stockings.”
Told him to shut up. “The first time we met, you knew all about my sister.”
Your smell is so sexy, you know
We flew apart when the door handle was pushed down. Mary looked us over, and I tried to be discreet when wiping his lipstick off my face.
had let it.
Type faster, John.
“Yeah? Thank god.”
“Oh, yes. Of course.” Holmes smiled again. I wished he would stop; it made him look terrifying. It got even worse when he turned to me. “John, why don't you do the honours?”
John tries to catch his breath, but he keeps twitching against Sherlock's palm. The pleasure doesn't lessen, instead it keeps building, and soon his pelvis is moving again. Sherlock's hand tightens, almost imperceptibly at first.
“Which one?”
William creeps behind me so silently that I keep wondering if he's still there. If I concentrate, though, I can hear his breath. Sometimes I feel it rustling the hair on the back of my head. It sends a peculiar thrill down my spine.
Mary    14:35
I am not. You know that my brain is a hard
pleasing manner. SH
I could do that. SH
“Sherlock.” Their eyes met. Moriarty's were black and emotionless, much like Holmes tried to keep his own. “I- I am certain that can be arranged.”
A bundle of fabric lands on Sherlock’s face.
John goes on about the flowers, and Sherlock notes with surprise that John is truly invested in this garden. Sherlock has seen no signs of John being a garden enthusiast during their thirty years together; but indeed, he talks about these flowers with passion and pride.
“Oh, God.” I slid my hand into his hair and grabbed it. Even anchoring myself to his body, it didn't feel real that someone like me was standing like this with someone like him, being told words like those. “My Sherlock.”
done to ever deserve you, but I'll do
anything you need from me? SH
Sherlock slowly raised his head, piece by piece putting together the act. Holmes watched him, his eyes wide and expressionless, his mouth sad. Sherlock's red-rimmed eyes slid open. He drew another breath through his nose, and at once he had changed. His chin was raised, his head slightly cocked to the side in careless indifference. His face was closed and hard.
When Sherlock moves slightly, John doesn't think about it at first. He feels his friend's soft lips tense a bit, forming themselves after the curve of John's mouth before relaxing again. It isn't until Sherlock pulls back an inch and then immediately comes back, softly pressing his lips against John's before ending it again with a quiet pop, that John really takes note of it. This is new.
“Relax, he doesn't know what I have in store for you. You will be hearing it first; I wanted it to be special! No, he just trusts me to get certain things done. He's grateful, unlike some others.”
“Nonsense”, Holmes said, “Sherlock has looked forward to this night immensely. It is, assuredly, all that he has wanted.”
“No”, Greg answers when he picks up. “Whatever it is, no.”
John inhales deeply, tamping down his anger, before doing a military turn and marching out of the room. Sherlock is standing near the exit, stock still, watching him approach.
Mrs Hudson eagerly lets him in, telling him all about how Mrs Turner was supposed to come over and gossip with her until the start of the new year, but now she has a fever. They eat the spaghetti and pass the time playing cards and watching telly. Around eleven thirty, John goes back upstairs to see if Sherlock is out of his mind palace yet.
John peeks over his shoulder at the bank statement in his hand. “I don't know. But you'll probably work it out when you've nourished that brain of yours with some food. Come on, we've been stuck at this for hours now. It won't just-”
The first Saturday in August is warm and rich. The gardens are full of ripe vegetables, and every meal is based on the day's harvest. The summer still seems never-ending, although the nights are no longer bright all the way through. Still, the sun hasn't yet set when I walk towards Sidensjö with Mikael and Greger.
sent    23:52
“Yeah, sorry. Harriet couldn't find her shoes.” I roll my eyes.
by Baz Luhrmann, Craig Pearce, and Jacques Offenbach
John    11:03
“Happy New Year”, Sherlock murmurs back and captures his mouth again.
Hey, maybe I'll bring my awful slippers next
Just before I step out of the building, I find myself overwhelmed by the attention that will soon be focused upon me. I know I am secondary in this scene, of course; the child in my arms is the highest priority for everyone present. It's just that I, Sherlock Holmes, am holding her like a parent would. I, and no one else, am carrying her out into the world. When John lays eyes on me, he will see me holding a bundle in my arms in the unmistakable way that you only ever hold a baby. I feel unworthy and terrified; I feel honoured and desperately proud.
“Well, I'm going to Harry's, anyway.”
His eyes were intent on my face when I stopped before him, uncertain. My left hand made a fist at my side and he saw it immediately, reaching out to carefully seal his hand over mine. His thumb swept over my knuckles, a soft touch that made my cramping muscles relax.
That feels intimate, somehow. No one has ever been in this bed with me before.
“Possibly
“John”, Sherlock whispers, looking flushed and kissed and fucking
At one p.m., Sherlock has been absorbed by his experiment for an hour, without hearing when John tried to talk to him. But suddenly he springs out of his chair to plant another clumsy kiss on John's lips.
John gasps, fear making his ears ring. He should get away – this is his
Those nights, John follows Sherlock's graceful movements with his eyes and wants to know
“Who says that? That's ludicrous.”
Sherlock    14:19
“Duke Moriarty has the means to spend a minor fortune on this show”, Holmes said instead. “I cannot exaggerate how important he is to the progress of the Moulin Rouge. We simply cannot fail in keeping his interest.”
The song was building towards the ending, a choir backing us in our duet, drums making our every word final and sure. Moriarty raised the gun, aiming with a manic look on his face.
“No, it’s not about that. It’s about everything. I’ve been wrong about so many things. Who I could be with, what a relationship should be…” John pauses, then nods to himself. “I just think I should be with someone more like you.”
by U2, and Bono And The Edge
John raises his eyebrows. “Then why did you let me leave?”
He tried to shake me off, but I wouldn't let him. I had nothing left to lose. I have been to war, but this was the day when I finally felt as if I stood at the edge of the world, its end staring me in the eye.
My walls quivered with deep bass. The unrelenting, dark rhythm accompanied the incessant murmur of raised voices from upstairs. The ceiling squeaked and groaned under the drunken dancing of too many feet in too small a space.
Sherlock whimpers.
Sherlock's heart flutters uncomfortably when he goes into the kitchen. He settles down at the table to watch the seconds creep around the clock face.
Sherlock is the first to board. He drops into his seat and leans his head against the window. He feels like the little boy he definitely no longer is; thrilled by the travel and excited about the destination. The train starts moving, and he imagines a soft piano in the sound of the wheels on the rails. Music that sounds like light and hope.
Here, Sherlock's sharp edges are gone. The concentrated focus in his cool eyes has fallen away. His eyelids flutter as he tries to hold on to his clarity, only to helplessly lose his grip again when John's hips lock him against the cushions. Behind the hard façade Sherlock is soft and welcoming, living and hot; John can feel him glowing through the crisp fabric of his shirt.
Holmes' spyglass was trained on the high windows of the Gothic tower.
Sherlock glances at John. “Yes. But people who seem worth the bother very rarely cross my path.”
I was holding a damp cloth against his swollen cheek, filled with ice from the ice-bucket in the tower. My other hand ran carefully through his hair, over and over.
Say something.
I chuckle quietly. And that's when I get to hear it for the first time; his laugh, blended with mine.
He turned back to me and took me into his arms. He kissed me hard, holding me firmly in place with both hands on the sides of my face.
“Quite.”
The twenty-third year, Rosie brings home her first girlfriend. Sherlock hurriedly gets the goat blood out and it does earn him a sceptical look from the girl, but she stays. John is silently impressed and enjoys the way she steadily grows into 221B until she too is a part of it.
I stroked his neck with the tip of my nose. “Is that why you danced with me?”
“No?” he repeated with narrowed eyes. “Oh, you
“Okay.”
He finally looks up at me.
“You were surprised that I asked you about Afghanistan.”
That makes me hard
not allowed to sleep”, he corrects me.
“Do you think you could?”
The light seeping in through the curtains tells me it is approaching five a.m. I probably have mere minutes until Gladstone wakes up and takes me out on our morning walk. When I get back, I intend to slide down under the covers with you and wake you up in a way that can hopefully convey, more clearly than any words can, how deeply I love you.
this, do you understand me?
This could be a nightmare, the way he. He fell for hours. The world went completely mute when he landed. I couldn't get my body to comply when I needed to get to him. Except that in nightmares it never occurs to me that's what's going on, soit mustbe real.
pretend this is not real. That makes it easier to reply: “You… you’re my best friend, too. My only friend, in fact, but if I had several, you would still be the best, I’m sure.”
, and John takes it in, and again, and again, wanting to keep it inside him somehow.
“You are. See – you don't even know it yourself. How can you not know?” He stares at me with the intensity that can only be found in William's eyes. “It's so rare that people really listen to what others have to say. Or that they care to
John    12:13
Looking into his eyes, I go down on one knee.
He senses more than hears it when Watson approaches the bunk bed again. Sherlock fights with himself for a moment, knowing that a small taste of Watson's blue eyes will only delay the moment when his body gives up and goes to sleep, but in the end he cannot resist it. His eyes flicker to the side, and a surge of electricity goes through his body.
Greg chuckles when John follows him out of the hotel room turned crime scene. “I don't know how you do it, John.”
Nothing really mattered any more. There was no self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath using arrogance as a shield, and no broken ex-army doctor feeling sorry for himself. The distance between the top of a tall building and the pavement below wasn't there. There was only Sherlock and I, having dinner, talking and actually laughing.
“If they turn around. Which they won't, as long as you're quiet.”
He frowned at me, uncomprehending. “Don't be an idiot.”
At two p.m., John leans against the kitchen door frame with a smile until Sherlock rises to give him his kiss.
John    14:03
“You are always my doctor. Why are you angry?”
Thank you to everyone who has read, squealed, yelled, and cried with me throughout this journey. This fic has been one of my greatest writing experiences, and I am so happy to see you share my love for the story and the boys. I'm very sad to end it, especially as I for the first time in two years won't jump directly into a new fic project - right now I'm focusing on my original novel. I do have several Johnlock fics planned though, and I can't wait to get back to it and give them some fluffy, happy moments with a vibrantly alive Sherlock!
“Come back to bed”, I said. He just took another drag of the cigarette, his hand shaking with the cold. I fetched the blanket from the sofa, draped it around his shoulders, took the cigarette from him and put it out. He turned his head then, looked at me with dark, terrified, wide open eyes. I eased open his grip around the cigarette package, slick with cold sweat.
Well, that isn't true, is it. Last time I saw Sherlock, his undersea-rainbows were staring at the sky and his face was unmoving like a marble statue. This is better, even if death seems to have aged him a lifetime. Even if the cautious expression on his face sat like a stone in my stomach, growing heavier the closer I came.
Yeah, you must not have had much alone
Sherlock studies his face. “You… want me?”
Sherlock    09:58
“Go away, Stamford”, I said tonelessly. “Leave me alone.”
He lowers his gaze to the surface of the tea. Then he slowly nods.
didn't want to speak to him.
Sherlock silently shook his head, trying to speak but only managing sharp, panting breaths. Moriarty shook his head back at him.
“Yes.” The word resonated through his body straight into mine.
you're uncomfortable talking about this kind
Sherlock dashed off again, this time leading me out through the main entrance and across the courtyard. The red light bulbs covering the windmill were all glowing, the turning blades groaning above us when we ran into the building. I threw a glance over my shoulder just in time to see the doors to the stage building open at the other end of the courtyard. I didn't stay to see if it was Anderson before I followed Sherlock into the depths of the mill.
Forget it.
William turns his head away, and I'd bet anything that he's hiding a grin.
He shook his head, curls tickling my jaw. “Closer.”
All right. SH
That wasn't for you to decide.
“Oh.” The frown flows off Sherlock's face, leaving sadness. “It's fine”, he says softly.
“I see.” Holmes' lip twisted in disgust. “An ongoing affair. Oh Sherlock, it's the first rule; don't get involved. And yet, even you lose your head over an infatuation like all the other brainless-”
the factors. SH
“Shh”, I whispered, because the earnest apology was too rare and too real. I didn't want to know what he was sorry for. “It's all right, love. It's all right.”
“Right.” John sits back and pops a bit of fortune cookie into his mouth. It really does taste like paper. “Well, we can't all be geniuses.”
It means that Sherlock
“Sherlock. Impossible to work with. He's the best, and he knows it. Thinks it makes everyone else stupid.”
Warmth. Softness of skin. Firmness of muscle. Hardness of bone. Movement of breath. Desperate pounding of a pulse.
It takes him a lifetime to gather enough courage to speak.
“Stay tonight”, I whispered.
I smiled around the painful constriction in my chest that always came with hearing him recite my words. “
When I close my eyes I see the blur of my mind palace in refurbishment. Quite automatically it changes the order of all my priorities until she is on top of everything.
“Don't!” Sherlock blurted, making Moriarty look back at him in mild surprise. Sherlock tried to smooth his voice when he frantically improvised: “… you… just… love our view?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock glares. “Yes, I can
Nobody should expect you to. Not after that.
Mary, I am so sorry.
I sucked at his bottom lip, still swollen from my kisses. “Promise?” I peppered his cheeks with tiny pecks, and the blush that still hadn't disappeared from his cheeks deepened.
Sherlock’s blood stirs in a way it hasn’t done in ten years. It makes him daring.
I cleared my throat and looked down. I was unprepared for the sting. I didn't want to lose the memory of the magic in our dance, but it was too late – Sherlock had already said it, and the high I had been riding from that moment was gone.
No, Sherlock, that's not all that matters. What matters is I was your boyfriend and we were supposed to talk to each other and help each other. What matters is I cared more about you than anyone else, and I won't believe you didn't know that. There must have been another way.
John. SH
It doesn’t matter.
“Jesus.” I should be calm – I
He stopped by the window, looking out over the rooftops, or perhaps at his own reflection. I watched his back, the red silk, the black braces.
“If you want to…” John cuts himself off.
“Well, you did a poor job of that, didn't you?”
Sherlock flinched when the money landed beside him. He seemed to shrink into himself on the floor, all his self-assurance and superiority gone as if it had never been there.
John    09:06
“My, oh my, you must be one wealthy writer to afford such a luxurious pastime.”
“… it will change everything, yes.”
“Your hands are quite small”, Sherlock observes, just to have something to say.
Please, John
“They do see you as a friend”, I told him when we walked down the stairs.
Sherlock    12:42
I turned away when he shed his dressing gown, unable to stand the sight of his beautiful body. When I heard him put on his shoes, I looked over at him again. He sat on the edge of the bed, which was still a complete mess from our last encounter.
, this silent, solid love. Sherlock never feels that he has deserved this look. In fact,he's started to think that maybe that's what love actually is; the affection which is constant regardless of whether the object of the affection “deserves” it or not.
Moriarty's eyes turned to her fast as a reptile. It only took him half a second to read on Mary's face what had been blatantly obvious to everyone during the last rehearsal week.
. (Yes, I did listen to all of those while writing this and yes, I did cry buckets.) And finally,
“Already tried.”
“Do you truly believe that I am unaware of that?”
“Hi Sherlock”, there was laughter in Stamford's voice now, “sorry to bother you, but I'm upstairs working on your new number. I was wondering if the two of you have some time to spare and can come up and try it with me?”
My mother claims that she dreams of my father every year. It's been ages since Harriet confided in me who she dreamt of, although I remember once when we were little she told me that she'd dreamt of her best friend. When the two of them come back inside, holding one small bouquet each with secret smiles and glittering eyes, I find myself for the first time ever wondering who
happened.
Sherlock until he spurted semen in John's hand.
It is somewhat difficult to enjoy the case properly when Watson is standing with his feet planted broadly on the ground, arms folded across his chest, watching Sherlock work. When at any time a breeze could ruffle Watson's sun-bleached hair, making him look tousled and touched. When his blue eyes look into Sherlock's without once flinching away. Part of Sherlock's mind is constantly pondering what will happen when the case is over and Watson has no reason to hover by his side any longer.
Greg sympathetically pats his back. “Can I get you a cup of coffee while we wait?”
I sat down beside Gregory in one of the alcoves. He had made his way through several glasses of absinthe already, and he wordlessly handed me one. I brutally downed it all in one go, my face twisting.
“I have no feelings for you, either. Not… not now.”
All right. SH
And oh, it did.
“Jacob's husband.”
Moriarty walked aimlessly through the room. Sherlock moved in counterpoint with him, always keeping as much distance as he possibly could, never taking his eyes off Moriarty. His body was screaming with the need for Moriarty to leave, but Moriarty only kept talking as if he had all the time in the world.
He scrambled to undress, his fingers frenzied over buttons. We were soon entirely naked, and he immediately wrapped his arms tight around me, holding me in an iron grip.
“I was thinking some asters here”, John says as they walk past an empty flower bed. “They seem to be popular. We can look at it together, if there’s anything you want to have. Oh, and here’s the coneflowers. I got the pink ones; they looked the most cheerful to me. Echinacea purpurea-”
you for one day, mate.
and I'll drop to my knees before you even
Sherlock finally meets his eyes. “It's for science”, he says with the same voice that he uses with Anderson.
“Yes – touch me!” Sherlock's gaze locked with mine as I tiptoed across the carpet, Moriarty's face pressed into his throat. Sherlock's eyes were furiously blazing, and he jerked his head to the side, indicating a curtain near the heart-shaped opening at the front. “Oooh, yes… that's
We did. Now it's time again.
Meaning what?
by Paul Stanley, Desmond Child, and Vini Poncia
Finally, Moriarty took a step back. Sherlock shakily released his breath.
with the risk of scandalising Mrs H
His face was wide open and paler than the moon above him. His eyes lay in shadow, for which I'm somewhat grateful, because his face showed almost more than I could take right then anyway.
When I straightened, the confident dancer from before was entirely gone. His lips were an uncertain line, a red wound on his pale face, and his wide eyes had something fearful in them, insecure from inside the hard lines of his make-up. I only saw it for a split second before he turned again, hand slipping out of my grasp, and in a moment all the other dancers flooded back onto the floor and hid Sherlock from me.
“Turn it over.”
“Happy New Year”, he pants. “Eucla, Western Australia.”
Onto the empty dance floor strides Holm William. His chest is puffed out to convey utter confidence. Confidence in his body, in his dance, in the fact that he and no one else owns these floorboards for as long as the halling lasts. I find myself waiting with bated breath for what he will do.
“No, it’s just- Oh, god, I haven’t- God, more-”
“I can't come down. We'll have to do it like this. I need to apologise. It's all true.” His voice broke.
“I don't-”
I'm so sorry you're caught in the middle of
John    14:01
Sherlock isn't even listening any more. John nods once. Sentiment. Right.
I say the word just to see that smile again – and sure enough. He hides it well, but it's there.
“How could that
Mrs Hudson sticks her head out from her flat and smiles. “John, dear.”
“Okay. Shall we take it from the top now?” I asked softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
. I needed him to move in me, I wanted him to slam into me, as deeply as humanly possible, until he had claimed every part of me, every last cell of my body.
It's not that simple, as you can probably
walls if I come now?
John lets go of Sherlock's wrist before he knows he's going to do it. His hand slides up and laces together with Sherlock's long fingers, and Sherlock grips his hand, hard. He could overpower John now. He could easily turn them over, but he stays where he is. His hips almost lift from the sofa, seeking John's, and John slides down a bit along Sherlock's body.
“But your shoulder will hurt from sleeping in that position.”
Even though it had all been an act, I kept imagining Sherlock's blissed-out face as if it meant something. And then I imagined it again in the arms of another man. For a moment, I thought I was going to throw up.
He dives in for a new kiss, and John decides to stay perfectly still, not so much as twitch his lips, but somehow he finds himself tilting his head. He desperately ignores the way his blood surges through his body, making him tingle. He should move away from Sherlock's pelvis – and he will, any second now. He will untangle himself from Sherlock's legs, and he will still be able to pretend that neither of them felt anything against their hips and thighs.
“Come on, let’s get dressed.”
John    14:14
John    16:24
John    13:18
I sat by my typewriter, fingers resolutely on the keys. I steadily ignored the way my insides were swirling, floating, aching, but it didn't help.
And then it's Sherlock's lips, touching John's mouth and stilling. Not fearful, just staying in place without moving, without pressing, without demanding anything. John breathes Sherlock's air through his nose, thinking how this is as close as he's ever been to Sherlock, maybe as close as anyone's been. It's not a kiss, only the closest thing to a kiss two friends can come, the ultimate border of what friends can do. It's feeling, it's smelling, it's being.
Sherlock's low chuckle in his hair sounds like comfort and home.
”, Irene smirked. “He doesn't eat.”
thinks I can.
I'm already damp with sweat, but I never want the tune to end. When it finally does, my heart is pounding hard. I finally turn to my dance partner.
I don't think I will ever be a skilled enough poet to properly capture a dance with Sherlock. It's like filling my arms with something that they have always emptily reached out for and never found. It's like fusing with another body, finding that it moves the same way as mine does as if they belong together. It's like flying.
Mary    12:21
Sherlock turns his head away. “Where do you want to go?”
“And I think you would look even better without it.” Sherlock blinks rapidly and hurries to continue: “I mean. It hides your fitness, I cannot fathom why you would- Never mind.”
There are no other singles at his workplace.
by eden ahbez
Holmes.
“Mycroft”, Sherlock spat back.
I'll never forget how he looked, standing on the threshold in his intimidating coat, holding a worn page from a notebook in his hand, blackened from sitting in my wallet for four years. His curls were blown into a riot by the wind, his cheekbones were framed by his upturned collar. His eyes were fierce.
He drew a careful breath. Then he turned his head, his warm cheek grazing mine.
He opened his mouth when I started moving, and the noises he made sounded
people?”
” Molly started, but Gregory spoke over her:
“Rough estimation based on your accent. No money or occupation? Well, English retired soldiers don't make any more money than French ones do, and your injured arm would prevent you from doing doctor's work. No friends? A man like you, seeking the thrill and terror of war, forced to return home with nothing to do – you suffer from depression. Moving to Paris wasn't something you planned for a long time, as your plan was staying in the army – no, moving was a rash decision, so likely you don't have any friends in London keeping you there. You haven't been in Paris long enough to make any significant number of new ones either, due to your depression holding you back. I was obviously wrong about you stealing a suit to pass for a rich duke, but that does not mean I was wrong about the fact that you find existence terribly dull and are searching for something that will fill it with meaning. This is why you wanted the job so badly, and why you forced away your writer's block in order to get it. See, there is nothing you can hide from me.”
“What is it?”
“Don't look at me like that”, I murmured, “we're not at home.”
John    16:05
“Good. Then hurry up.” John moves out of Sherlock's arms, sitting up on the edge of the bed and letting in cold air under the duvet.
It doesn't matter to Sherlock, though. It's stupid to miss someone who doesn't even care about spending time with his loved ones on Christmas.
“I step back and take your hand. You follow me upstairs, but we have to stop several times to kiss. You’re starting to think you might not make it to our flat. But we get in and you tear off your shoes. You want to head into your bedroom, but I take you in my arms and kiss you again. I stroke your back, and then my hands dip lower.”
He spoke so quickly that I could barely keep up with him. “A duke?” I asked stupidly.
“You're a bloody lunatic”, he says.
Sherlock was so happy, in those days. He was like a white sun, blinding with his sharp beauty and raw joy. He watched me as if
His voice didn't waver until:
is the master, rather than being limited by it. There's an enticing paradox there. To defy gravity like that, you have to be strong as an ox, but William moves with a grace that hides his strength from the unobservant eye.
Sherlock    14:08
Sherlock blinks at him with dazed eyes. John leans in close, staring back at him firmly.
“I'm not, Sherlock”, I told him seriously. “I'm not about to do anything you don't want to do.”
“No – yes! I mean, it's not that it was unpleasant. It was just so…”
before. I'm worried about you. I don't want
John has never been cheated on before. He's an honest person, a good person, and has just assumed that will prompt honesty and goodness in his girlfriends. And Tori and he were happy. Less than a week ago, he had cooked her a delicious meal with prawns and curry that turned out surprisingly good, and she'd told him no man had ever cooked for her before. She had lit every candle in her flat, and they had eaten the dinner while planning their first trip together. When they'd had sex, she'd come three times.
“There are ears in the fridge.” This kind of statement is met by an unconcerned humming sound from Sherlock. “Human ears”, John adds, raising his voice.
Greg    16:11
“I-” He cut off with a low groan when I started moving. “Oh, John, I…”
you away forever.
John    14:10
“Hold me closer”, he gasped, and I smiled when I captured his mouth again.
Twenty minutes become two hours in the blink of an eye, and I haven't gotten anywhere with the experiment. It is marvellous how not-boring it is to sit with her, look at her sleeping face and listen to her soft snuffing sounds. To be wrapped up in the baby smell emanating from her skin, her warmth seeping into my body.
“Crime scene”, Sherlock clips and turns his back to John, striding out so fast that John nearly has to jog to keep up with him.
by Baz Luhrmann, Craig Pearce, Marius Devries, and Craig Armstrong
, John sometimes can't breathe through the affection he feels for that boy. Sometimes he doesn't dare glance at his best friend, too overwhelmed by Sherlock's imperious energy, sharp gaze and dark hair, all pulling John towards him like a gravity field.
Sherlock.
Martha smiled at me. “I would imagine he's still in his new dressing room.”
I finally buy us caramels. Raspberry. They sit on my bedside table in a brown paper bag, and of course William sees it as soon as he enters my room.
John    13:52
The doctor lowered his head, silently deploring that there was nothing he could do. He left them watching Sherlock, neither Martha nor Mycroft able to look away. In the still innocence of Sherlock's sleeping face, in the wild, inky curls, in the pouting lower lip, Mycroft could never quite rid himself of the image of the little boy, curious and trusting. His slender pickpocket hands reaching for books rather than food. His rapt eyes, big and blue, flying over pages while ignoring his brother's prompts to eat. The flush on his face when Mycroft had said something right, something that made Sherlock decide he was worthy of an endless lecture on Sherlock's latest passion. The scowl on his forehead when Mycroft proved himself
“John! John, there's only twenty-six seconds left!”
When they drive into London, the city feels new.
“Why?” Sherlock scowled. “What's the point in rehearsing when we will only have to redo it all?”
I know I don't need to. But I think I want to.
He nods, averting his gaze back to her. His hand strokes through her thick hair. I watch his face as he carefully chooses his words.
His music sounds raw when he plays alone. It's unbelievably skilful, of course; but when the old fiddler isn't there with him, there's a sort of young ferocity in the way William attacks the strings. The bow digs in so deeply that you can almost hear the whisper of hair on steel underneath the tone.
“Of course.”
“You took an overdose.” I tried to keep my voice level and doctor-like, even with my stomach rising to my throat.
Sherlock stays silent until he gently tips John's face up to give him his kiss.
prepared for that. If he comes back, I mean.
this. But I haven’t said that to you.”
The brass band started playing on the stage, the trapeze was lowering in wide circles, and the audience was whistling and reaching up to touch Sherlock's outstretched hand. When he started singing again, his tone had changed with the quickening beat; the dreamlike smoothness was gone, and in its place was a confident ferocity.
He rolls his eyes. “Not
“It's raining”, I say.
. It feels perfectly natural that this is the place they’re going to, not Baker Street – even though they lived there together for thirty years. As if this is where they were always supposed to end up.
It wasn't about the show, it never had been.
“Yes, 'course I want that, but-”
He tries to stop touching Sherlock outside of 221B. It aches surprisingly much, and in the moments where he would have normally hugged him, the magnetic field of Sherlock Holmes tugs on him, almost making John fall into his arms without meaning to.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he suddenly looks soft. Almost a bit shy. “It's tradition that we kiss at midnight on New Year's Eve.”
Sherlock    14:07
He left me. I loved him and he left me. It's just that simple and just that horrible.
As he treads the steps, he is acutely aware of John behind him. He wonders whether John is looking, then dismisses the thought; of
I was making my way through towards Sherlock's dressing room, hiding as well as I could, but with Moran never far away. From the stage, I heard Gregory and Molly speaking. They were doing the new scenes now, and I didn't know when Sherlock was supposed to enter. I also didn't care.
Moriarty kept his gaze, the smile melting off his face as he spoke. “I will hold you to that promise…
Not really. I need you to breathe, and you're
“No”, I said and flipped us over, pinning his wrists to the mattress above his head.
He can almost hear Sherlock's deep laugh in the dull roar of the engine. Even now, he can almost feel Sherlock against him. Beneath him on the sofa.
“Happy New Year, John.”
“Tori, I am so sorry. I'll pay for the food.”
She's wrong about Sherlock. I mean she's right, but she's wrong. I know I can't trust him. I know he has hurt me beyond repair. I know we can never get anything we had back. In that, she's right.
. It's about how you don't think you're good enough to live true to your heart.”
“I have conducted some experiments on it-”
is another of the most common Swedish folk dances. Like polska, it's a couple's dance, but this one's in common time. (The third of the most common dances is waltz.)
Jesus.
John tells him that he loves him.
My eyes flew open and I spun around. I had only heard him sing one single time, and already I would recognise that voice anywhere.
move on. You're supposed to be together.
John    14:04
I had ever seen in the world was real except for this.
, Sherlock is a brilliant man. Sherlock is a beautiful, hopeful, shiny-eyed man with irresistible morning hair, smooth skin and still-glistening lips. Those lips.
All there was were my own panting breaths echoing from the stone walls. The ticking seconds were deafening inside my head.
He changed it. I know this verse; it's supposed to be
“Couldn't you turn him away? Tell someone…?”
He saw my thoughts on my face, and he blushed faintly at what he'd let slip.
Sherlock spins around at his tone, eyes narrowing when they rake over John's body.
Oh ok
As I'm dragged away by my friends, I catch William's gaze once more. He isn't smiling any longer, but his eyes are still glowing. I see in them the promise that he will be back in my bed tomorrow night.
“Sherlock poured everything he had into his investigation”, Martha continued. “He was my only hope; if it wasn't for that boy, I'm sure I wouldn't have gotten away this lightly. Now all I have is a hip and a reluctance to court gingers.”
“It's just a magic trick”
Whatever the reason is, everyone knows that's John's place. So when Sherlock is darting around the crime scene, his speech blurring into one endless sentence of deductions too esoteric for anyone to understand, they all look to John. John tiredly rubs his eyes with one hand, wondering what to do with the phone Sherlock dropped in his other hand without so much as giving him a look.
It's the first time I see him let his guard down enough to laugh in Sidensjö's dance barn. It feels incredible to be the cause of it.
Sherlock's outrage fades into the background when John takes another bite of his toast and gets back to reading the newspaper.
then?
I felt light. Like the shackles around me were gone for the first time in three years.
“No, it's not.”
He watched the lights of London beneath us. I had watched his face shift on our way from the morgue to the roof, starting with something oddly, shyly hopeful and changing to pale dread. I wasn't sure who would need to comfort whom, but standing before the little door leading to the roof, he was the wrecked one.
When he took me in, his head was thrown back, mouth gaping. He was still, except for the way his folded legs trembled under my hands. I could barely bear to keep my eyes open, overwhelmed by the privilege of being allowed inside him. He was so warm, making room for me, and he held me so tightly.
catch up, but I don't do that. He babbled long
I note with wonder how all that seemed hugely important before is paling into insignificance when I hold this little person in my arms. Fear, heartbreak and lost hopes lose their weight in the face of her acute presence. Looking at her, it doesn't seem so daunting to bear it any more.
, Holmes.” Moriarty's face took on an exaggerated frown. “However. I must say. I'm not sure about the ending.”
I'll be there.
he had left after that. Imagine, he tells Sherlock, what eternity might wait for us after this one. In this world, he says, the memory of us will be forever entwined, and you and I, he says, well, who knows what we will get up to next. When we look back at this, he says, we will laugh at how we thought it was the end. With us, he says, it never is.
“Stop!” he screamed when I tickled him, writhing under me, gasping with laughter.
I looked up and let out a sigh of reverence. The autumn had come upon us, and the afternoon sky was high and clear, a light blue that seemed to expand further up than it ever had before. It had been obscured by clouds for days on end, but today the sun was there, glittering on the golden handrails at the sides of the elephant's back. The air was crisp and clean, like breathing in the high sky and the pale sunlight.
They sleep again.
It was quiet in the room. He was audibly trying not to make a sound – I couldn't even hear his breath any longer. There were only the soft sounds of my mouth on his cock, and the sighs I couldn't help making myself.
This winter has been especially long and unforgiving. It was one of those winters that froze not only the earth but also the bones in your body and the thoughts in your mind. Between the never-ending nights and the cold days, there hasn't been room for much more than making sure that the fire in the stove kept burning and that the food supply would be enough.
“I know how important the Work is to you.” John grabs the butter and carries it to the table. “I would never want to get in the way of that.”
“It has come to my notice that you are having difficulties behaving, Sherlock”, Holmes said, stopping below the stage.
I don't know how many days it's been since I wrote the previous chapter, as the nights blur together in sorrow and alcohol. If I had to guess, I'd say a week, maybe more. I was sure that I was done trying to do this.
I'm the one who messed up.
I went after him into the hallway. He couldn't move properly in those clothes; I was so much faster. He grunted when I grabbed his arm, forcing him to turn and face me.
”, he said, looking at his feet before looking up at me, “
He looked up when I entered him. His lips opened, trembling around silence, and I whispered that I love him, and then he shut his eyes and arched his neck.
“Um, yeah I have. Could you maybe just, sometimes, pay attention to what I'm saying?”
“What do
“In what way do you mean?”
A slight pause. Stamford's fingers picked at light notes and draped the room in a shimmering morning light. I finally looked at Sherlock. He was looking straight back at me, expression unreadable behind the make-up – but his eyes, they didn't miss anything. I looked at him defiantly when I delivered the end of the verse:
Sometimes I mourn how transient our time together was. Sometimes I regret not holding on tighter, and I blame myself for not making it last longer. Sometimes I think that those days are gone forever.
And then there is the distinct touch of the tip of a tongue to Sherlock's bottom lip.
you in again and make you forget about what
, John cut me off.
John almost groans at the feel of Sherlock's hot skin touching him from shoulder to belly, and the return of Sherlock's hard erection trapped between them. Sherlock kisses John's throat, and John holds on to Sherlock's hair, desperately clutching a familiar thing in the middle of this shocking intensity. Sherlock's mouth moves down over his chest, sending an electric spark to John's groin wherever he touches him. John presses his lips together tightly, trying not to make a sound when Sherlock pauses to lick his nipples.
I couldn't say how long we stand like that. Time bends around John Watson too. But in the end time pours back into the room when whimpering sounds emerge from the cradle.
I am writing to once again apologise. I am sorry that I left during our last case. I was swept along with it and I did not stop to think about the potential repercussions of my rash decision. I cannot defend my behaviour, and I understand how it must be difficult for you to trust me.
”, Molly called out, “
John    14:56
The fourteenth year is a busy blur of school, homework, outings sports piano lessonsfriends. They hardly have time for any cases so John works extra hours, and Sherlock is the one handling school contact. When the parents are invited to visit the lessons with their child, John is terrified when Rosie and Sherlock leave for school. He is unsurprised when they come back two hours later, Sherlock having corrected the teacher so frequently that he was eventually asked to leave. He did, but not before he had deduced the teacher and half of the parents pressing themselves against the walls. Sherlock lunges into a twenty-minute rant about the stupidity of human kind, Rosie sits with her arms crossed and huffs that none of this is news to her and she is the one who has to deal with the stupidity
Sherlock is still smiling when he exits the bathroom to greet the new client.
We had a late night yesterday at the dance barn. Soling Jacob seemed never to want to stop playing, which made it very hard to stop dancing. The sun was already up by the time I got back home. I'm paying for it now; I keep losing track of what I'm trying to say.
with a useful number of examples of each.
And then… the gun slotting into place in my hand like the piece of a puzzle. Our steps falling into sync despite our height difference. Our hearts pumping faster, making it easier and easier to breathe. Fresh air in our lungs, clarity, unity, trust.
He is cut off by John’s hand gripping his hip.
Sherlock    12:15
“So I’m not unreasonable, or… faulty.”
“Spare me the charity”, Sherlock scoffed. “This is what I'm paid for – it's why I have money when you don't.”
In the shadow, the side of duke Moriarty's mouth lifted in a humourless smile.
My mouth never closed, jaw stupidly slack when I accepted the cane from him. I shifted on my feet, for a moment forgetting which leg it was that usually didn't hold my weight.
“To protect you, of course. To avoid your ripping yourself apart over a fanciful dream. You seem to forget how it always ends with disappointment, but I have seen you through every defeat. I know what inevitably happens.”
Meaning I now have to wait in Dartford
The one and only thinkhappythoughts has made gorgeous
John feels his face glowing. “Starving.”
He cried then. Against my chest, quietly.
John enters the room with her bottle in hand. He pauses in the doorway, leans against the frame and watches us.
John, I do not want to expose you to any
“Darling”, John smiles and squeezes Sherlock’s hands on his chest, “why aren’t you using sock clips?”
Sherlock walked aimlessly through the halls, every second churning in his gut and moving him closer to eight o'clock. In the tower, servants were preparing supper, and in my flat, I was lighting candles.
I walked all the way, breathing the freezing night air, allowing my body to shake some more with the cold and with the – everything. Smiling to myself every time he smiled in my memory, a small smile of victory.
“Of course not, Moriarty.” Sherlock turned to him with a smile that was a bit too cold. “We will have it tomorrow.”
“All I care about is the-”
“Hmm. Something interesting?”
it to get better?” I meant to sound angry and dangerous, but instead I sounded twisted up and close to tears.
“What's with all the clothes?”
If I take a cab now, I'll only be slightly late.
It sang of the end, because at the very core of it all, in the quiet shimmer behind the breastbone, the soul always knows. It sang of me, unwashed hair and overgrown beard, dirty vest and braces, moonlight on my typewriter and face in my hands. It sang of him, dipping backwards in a sea of rose petals to the sound of distant applause.
Sherlock smiles.
” he murmured, the vibrations of it pouring through my naked skin.
about the hand-holding and the cuddling. As if it's been a secret that neither of them were in on.
He was elegant in that long coat, fitting snugly around his thin body. His waist was accentuated, the sleeves clung to his arms like a second skin, and he wore the collar upturned, highlighting his sharp cheekbones. He held his face carefully behind it like a shield – but a glance in my direction made him look vulnerable anyway.
“Moriarty.” Holmes smiled stiffly. “What a pleasant surprise.” He took a small step to the side to dodge an acrobat executing a complicated somersault.
Listen to
The forty-fourth year, Rosie gets out of hospital and Lestrade goes into it. Sherlock gives a beautiful speech at his funeral and then they go home, Lestrade somehow going with them and staying for a while. They talk about him and Mrs Hudson and Mycroft, and they smile.
“John”, he whispered. I shuddered at the sound of my name.
John has barely seen that lazy cat awake in all the time he's spent at Tori's flat. He finds it hard to imagine it messing anything up too badly, and assumes it's just Tori being pedantic. When he finally opens her door, he is proved wrong.
John shakes his head at the ceiling. Sherlock can see that his jaw is clenched hard. “None of those jerks realised what they had. What they had the chance of having.”
“Yes”, he sighed, letting his head fall down into a clumsy kiss. “I'm sorry.”
There is no guarantee that they will be willing
“It's almost time, John.”
Where did you go? SH
“Yes”, he said, voice deep and seductive, eyes searing into mine.
. You could have turned him down, but no, you wanted that money. So you gave me to him to play his games, and you didn't even warn me.”
