“If you think I’m taking my best guy there…”
“The cat’s out of the bag.” Tony shrugged, giving Steve a rueful smile. “Why else would I have tried so hard to win your auction? I thought I showed my hand, to be honest.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered shut and he leaned in as if he could feel Steve against his skin. “You, of all people, could never hurt me. You never once wanted to.” He put his hand over Steve’s cupped one, and Steve could pretend, as they were a hair’s width apart, that he could feel the calluses of Tony’s fingers, the warmth that Tony had always radiated when he was alive. “And you can’t do anything to me even if you did. Though I can possess
His halfhearted attempt at consolation broke Tony out of his fugue.
He went with what he could say, what mattered the most. The only thing that he cared about in the end. He breathed it into existence, hoping it would serve as a ward, a blessing spell.
Besides, he thought, looking at Peggy, sloe-eyed and breathtaking in a scarlet dress, her lips curved into a smile like a promise, maybe he had already found the right partner.
“I know he wants to help and we need as many people as we can get, but this isn’t some back-alley fight. This is war. We shouldn’t have called him up.”
He had never missed Tony as much as he did then, finally returning home from a war that had felt endless to find out that it was no longer home, not with the person who made it one gone.
He closed the lid on that memory, watching Steve speak, rigid as though one false move would shatter him.
“I should have known better than to treat a random word as gospel,” he shot back, his voice dangerously close to breaking. He took a deep breath. “I just…I wanted to buy into something like that for once, you know? To really believe that it could be the one good thing in my life. Even when I was alone. Even when I was a piece of shit. God.” He laughed humorlessly. “I know it’s stupid. But I really did believe it.”
Simple. Straightforward. Something that fixed the problem at heart even if it didn’t fix everything.
“I love you,” Tony wanted to say because that was real too.
What would Steve do if he loved him? What promise could Steve make to him if he loved him back? Because he knew that Steve would if he did. He had seen it personally, what it was like to have Steve swear an oath to someone he cared about. Even time, enemy to all, couldn’t stand up to him; nearly a century after they had met, after decades had ripped them apart, Steve did his damn best to be by Barnes’s side, to hell with the world.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Steve exhales wetly, and Natasha is startled to find him crying when she lifts her head. He makes no motion to wipe his face when she does, and she’s at a loss as to how to respond. She has never seen him like this. His sadness was the kind that deadened, not the kind that cut into the meat of someone and ripped them open, leaving them naked and confused and scared by its wildness.
Tony didn’t even have time to react to the request. His brain caught up with him a half-step too slow as Steve grabbed his hands before he finished talking anyway; instinct overrode consciousness as he tried to pull away in surprise, but Steve’s grip was firm as he took off his gloves and tossed them to the floor.
There were things that they never said to each other.
Please.
“I know. It makes me want to cry too, but I guess His Royal Pantherness didn’t find him worthy of super top-secret Wakandan tech. Shame.”
They had already hurt each other. They had already realized that they needed each other—more than they might have even realized—too late and at the worst possible time. Thanos had seen to that. They had seen to that.
And, as always when it came to Tony, hope. Bright and intense, piercing the murky fog he had been wading through on a dead man’s march to nowhere, not bothering to look for an escape because there was none.
Even if Steve knew that, Natasha isn’t sure he would keep it anyway. She knows he thinks himself undeserving.
Steve tensed as though he were readying himself to say something or keep Tony from going, as though he had expected Tony to stay longer, but in the end he stayed still but for a subtle, aborted jerk forward that Tony ignored.
The compound was expansive in its silence. The others had greeted Tony and his companion—“Nebula,” Tony had said as she stood next to him, stoic but for the tightness that formed around her eyes when Rocket stopped in his tracks, frozen with grief now that his worst nightmare was a certainty with their arrival—and stayed with them until one by one, they had gone out, throughout the compound and into the city, to do everything that they could to prevent the world from dissolving into more chaos than it already was in.
“No! I mean, yes, I do want to go out with you. I think Sam made my side of this fairly obvious, but…you looked really uncomfortable up there,” Steve said softly.
They had to be because his had meant nothing in the end. Had never meant anything, to Steve. To the universe.
“Shhh. Think about Patrick Sway—no? Okay, how about
“Don’t you hate my robots?” Tony asked, but Steve could tell he was joking.
“No!” Tony held his hand up in protest before slamming it back down on the plates again, catching the knives and forks that had nearly slid off from the force of his emphatic gesture.
Before Siberia, after Siberia.
“Hurry,” he wanted to shout, but almost as soon as he had thought it, an amber circle glowed, dropping the container holding the Soul Stone onto the dirt in front of his knees, before blinking out of existence.
He didn’t want to remember this. He dug the heels of his palms into his eyes as though that would push the memory back into the recesses of his mind, but he always had a knack for recalling things that he would rather forget. He remembered the way she had tipped his chin up as he leaned away, embarrassed by her words and his reaction to his father’s disapproval.
Relief and exhaustion set in as Steve reached him, traveling through dozens of distributaries branching out of his weary heart, a heady cocktail that left his limbs loose and weak.
Steve’s eyebrows bunched together in confusion, but he was so used to Tony making references by now that he let it pass without comment.
His hands curled into tight fists, and he stayed immobilized on the ground.
There was a large pillar lying on its side nearby, blocking most of a caved-in mouth to a fallen building. Tony squeezed past it, into a darkness more complete than the night outside.
And yet his body responded not to logic but to the primitive part of his brain—the part that had only enough disk space to collect sensations and register pain, to store muscle memory.
Tony wrenched himself from that memory and let himself sink into this one, taking a backseat to his past self. It was like dipping his toes into a cold bath and then fully submerging himself, all the sensations lighting up here and there along his body, his feet transforming into blocks of ice, his soggy, tight jeans clinging to his thighs, before he felt everything, all at once. He was suddenly aware of a dull ache in his arm; it radiated out from his wrist as though a blunt object had slammed down on it.
She stays put, something solidifying inside her chest, blocking the air from reaching her lungs, while Jim shoots forward to meet him, probably faster than he should with the way his legs are. She can’t do anything so she does what she does best: observe.
And Steve could see everything, all that Tony said and all that he meant.
His voice is tight with an earnest and urgent desperation as if he waited months to say something he wasn’t sure that he would be able to, as if he now has a small window to do so before he loses his chance forever.
With every new Stone in his possession, he grew more powerful, the playing field growing more uneven and unpredictable. The Time Stone had landed in Thanos’s hands despite their best attempts, with Strange barely escaping, and now he was near unstoppable with five out of the six Stones.
Not that Steve thought he wanted to, what with the way he was looking at Steve, entranced.
He peered out at his city from his perch and bled out of his own skin, dissolving like watercolor, until he wasn’t Steve Rogers anymore—he was New York. He was all the matchbox cars lined up far below him in the streets, all the mismatched buildings and bridges standing proud and strong, all the jewel-like windows sparkling back at him. He was brick and stone, steel and glass. He was lights blinking on, lights that had stayed on throughout the night. He was every single person in this city waking up, turning in after a late night, sleeping in, and sleeping on in these dewy beginning hours.
Tony focused on that as he spoke, committing every part of himself to each word he was about to say.
He hadn’t said anything about that, just that Tony needed to clean his hands—but he had hovered awkwardly in the doorway, halfway in and halfway out, decisiveness making way for uncertainty as he realized this was something Tony could do on his own. All Tony could think about when he noticed that was the way Steve’s face fell when he examined his hands and the way Steve’s hands felt around his.
Steve spoke after a long stretch. “What I said…I meant it, Tony. I don’t need you to say it back.”
He started when Steve covered his hand with his, his fingers bumping against Steve’s.
“Hey, I had a nice, quiet time at college. Peaceful even.”
If no one knew who they were, if they had just been Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, not Iron Man and Captain America…but that was their calling and they loved that about each other.
Even with his eyes closed, he could still see the fear and betrayal bleeding across Tony’s face like an open wound, and he didn’t have to look at him to know that they were still there as he slid off of him, fatigued and hurt in more ways than one, as he stood up and wrenched his shield out of his chest, as he walked away from him without looking back once.
It wasn’t the same, but somehow it felt like déjà vu, the way that he was propped up on one elbow, head pounding, the whole world sliding off its axis.
“I knew while I was losing him. Not at first but…” he trails off, unsure of how to explain when exactly he knew.
“I’ll be fine,” he settled on saying because it was true even if it was a lie. He was no stranger to loss; he would keep marching on like he always did even as he lost more and more of himself moving forward.
Please.
“Was it like this when we left?” he wanted to ask. This empty? This dead?
Steve was sitting at the island, clasping a mug and staring at nothing.
“No, see. I was supposed to live,” he said. “Strange made sure of it.” Bitterness bled through all the way, his dark eyes glittering with its heat. “Told me it was the only way as he handed Thanos the Time Stone. And then they all—the kid—” His hands shook, and he clenched them to stop the tremors, though he took care not to look at them.
“You’re a perfect gentleman.”
Hope flared in him, as bright and colorful as the light of the Stones. They could win this.
He wouldn’t mind giving it all up if he could have this forever, but if this was all he had, little moments here and there, that was okay too. The important thing was that he had Steve and Steve had him.
He ran a shaky hand down his face before dropping it in his lap, barely registering the letter crinkling even though it felt permanently seared into his thigh. It didn’t matter. One more scar was nothing when every bit of him was already branded. Steve had left burn marks all over him, leaving no skin untouched.
Pepper and Tony’s engagement announcement.
“What did it feel like?” Bucky finally asked. His eyes were glued to Steve’s wrist as though he couldn’t tear his gaze away.
His life is one of missed chances. Of what-ifs he had to bury, of things that haven’t been said or done, at least not with the right people.
Tony thought of the Chitauri Invasion and the deal that they had learned Loki had brokered with Thanos all those years ago and said nothing.
No noise came from Steve’s room, but Tony had seen his mug on the drying rack in the kitchen. It had appeared in the half-hour he had left and returned to the kitchen for a bite to tide him over through the night. It was late, but Steve was awake.
“Yeah,” he replied, unable to look away.
The way that he had been able to finally process what had happened because Tony gave him the time to do so on his own terms.
Every line of him was hard and unforgivingly rigid as though he thought that if he held himself together as tightly as possible he wouldn’t shatter. He had been like that in Siberia too, in his explosiveness, each punch unyielding and precise. But he had shattered then.
Steve.
He hadn’t been able to go to sleep, and he had been too jittery to hold any tool properly.
What she means is how can he do this over and over again? How can he almost lose Tony so many times and manage not to break? But it’s a question that’s an answer to itself. It’s because he has that he can hold himself together like Tony needs him to.
She gets her answer later.
If he just turned around slowly, if he was careful, he could pull Steve to shore like he always did.
Rhodey was at the door.
He wanted to hold Tony’s hand for real so badly, the way he used to when Tony got like this.
The water that had gently brought him to land would retreat, dragging the few pieces of dream detritus that had washed up with him back into the ocean, too swift for him to grab ahold of the remnants.
At first it had been because there hadn’t been a point, because it wouldn’t change anything, but then the reason had morphed into something else.
They were supposed to have more time.
“I’ve been planning for this for years. I’m fine,” he said. “I came to talk about something else.” He had no idea how to go about this. A long silence stretched between them as Steve waited patiently for him to continue. “What you said…” His voice sounded strained to his ears. He cleared his throat. “What you said about not wanting any of it to turn out this way. That’s not all on you. I should haven’t backed you into a corner, and I made mistakes because I rushed things. And I’m sorry for that. And for—for what happened in Siberia too. With Barnes. I almost killed him.”
Two years. Two years of silence. Two years during which Steve could have told him. He had the letter, the phone.
“No. Listen. You might’ve drawn strength from your word, I’m not saying you didn’t, I’m not saying that it didn’t help in some way, but in the end that was all you,” he said, so firm in his resolve that he almost sounded impatient. “He wasn’t actually there. You made it this far on your own. That has nothing to do with him.”
And sometimes people flirted back because of that.
Sam gaped at him. “That’s all Tony’s been talking about for ages! What did you think the mystery item was?!”
But Tony was an expert in many things including hiding pain. He would hide it well if it had had a chance to take root, and that was what Steve couldn’t stop thinking about, the answer that eluded him.
He was better than this. He spent two long years rebuilding the team and himself.
“I don’t want it if it makes you miserable. We could go to City Hall right now and I’d be happy. I don’t care.”
, he read again. He repeated the words over and over in his head like a mantra, engulfed in happiness of an intensity he had never felt before.
“The world’s a vast place, Captain. You’re more likely than not not to find them,” Monty had explained, unruffled by the indignant sounds of disapproval the Commandos had erupted into the minute he admitted his indifference. “And even if you do, they might not be who you wanted them to be,” he had added, too lightly this time to be speaking from anything but experience.
What would their lives have been like if they had trusted each other, Tony mused, if they had been upfront about everything—about Ultron, about Barnes, about their soul marks? What would the present be like? He hadn’t wanted to spare any thought to it, too weary and hurt to wallow in “what if”s, and it was too late to do that now. There was no time to dwell on that different present when the one they had was in jeopardy.
He didn’t know what he was doing. Why he had even chosen to go back to this instead of Siberia. Instead of that fateful day in the lab.
Normalcy, now that they’re back at the compound, means slipping back into old habits, trying them on to see if they still fit. It means sleeping in a bed that molds to her curves, comfortable and too pliant at once, and eating the best food money can buy with Tony’s favorite snacks greeting her every time she opens the fridge. It means training with state-of-the-art, one-of-a-kind workout equipment, honing her body for a battle that already occurred and a battle she can’t hope to win.
Numbness crept into every part of his life, a cold intravenous drip of anesthesia circulating through his veins and pulling him under, keeping his senses dulled even when he was asleep. At night he sank into nothingness and woke up hours later, washed ashore like driftwood with no idea how he got there.
Hope, he thought as Tony turned to look at him, exhausted and afraid and beautiful.
Barnes’s hand had been around his mother’s neck. He had reached in with his real hand—why had he done that with his real hand, his metal one would have been safer, more impersonal and anonymous—and he had killed her, knowing exactly how her pulse felt under his fingers as he squeezed, how her windpipe felt as he crushed it in a vise, how her fingernails felt against his skin as she scratched him, her hands scrabbling—
“We’ll lose,” Tony had said then, and he had answered that they would do that together too.
Steve let out a short miserable laugh. There was a cruel, unfamiliar edge to it, but Tony was intimately acquainted with the sound to know that the dagger was aimed inward. “No, you don’t.” He bowed his head, his neck bent with a burden of his own making. The late afternoon sun limned him in gold but didn’t penetrate his skin; he was beautiful and cold as a statue, as immobile. “There’s something else I wanted to talk to you about,” he said after a while, so quietly it was as though he were talking to himself. “This isn’t how I wanted to tell you, but it doesn’t really matter what I want anymore.”
“All the more reason I should have known. It was my fight. I would have worked with you to make sure the right people paid for what they did and every single person that Hydra has ever hurt saw justice. Fuck, we’re
Not too far from where they’re sitting, Wanda and Vision’s plants bend in the wind, still here, still growing. A few shy nubs poke out between the more mature ones, the palest green as though they’re not sure of their existence yet. They remind her of Vision phasing through the walls, the jewel tones of his skin washed out, and the tentativeness between him and Wanda at the start of their tenure with the Avengers and later, their changed relationship.
“Then we’ll recalibrate. We’ve always been good at switching up plans on the fly, you most of all.” Steve gave him a fond lopsided smile.
He took out ointment from the kit, never once letting go of Tony even if it would have been easier or more logical to do so. He squeezed the tube and swiped the lip, getting the salve on his fingers and then shifting his hold so that he cradled Tony’s hand in both of his. Without looking up, he spread it across sore skin and massaged with care, slowing down when Tony flinched.
“Okay,” he repeated stiffly.
Their hands were nearly touching. Steve could feel the millimeter or so separating them as if an electric current grazed the backs of their hands, and his awareness of that distance made the urge to touch Tony grow in intensity. He curled his hand into a fist instead, digging into the cool soil and feeling blades of grass pull up from the earth.
“Everything after Patsy said she’s not interested in him,” Natasha replied. “So he knows you’re in love with him, and you know that he’s in love with you.”
“Romanoff. Rogers,” he said once he reached them, and he was proud of how steady his voice was. He made no move to shake their hands or touch them in any way.
Erskine looked both boys over and shook his head a little. “I have not decided.”
“Hey Rhodey-bear,” Tony greeted awkwardly.
Tony’s eyes took on a calculating edge then he hedged a confirmation. “...Yes,” He said slowly “I am.” He then began to bleed more confidence into his tone as he continued speaking. “Sorry, I just don't like talking about it with people because ...most people don’t react well.”
Natasha and Clint ran and climbed up the deceased head’s neck. They then climbed the other side heads neck. The Hydra twisted and turned trying to throw them off but to no avail. Finally when they were both in position, Natasha whistled in order to get the middle heads attention.
“Aye!” Thor gestured for Steve and Bucky to rise. “Two mortals daring the underworld for an audience with you. That bravery and determination is nothing short of-”
” Steve yelled edging closer. “Let him go!”
“Everything’s shut tight. Just like you cryptically told us to do before running off.” Bucky said as he and Steve walked over to examine the box.
“I can tell you’re going to make it Steve.” He said with a tone of pure confidence and pride; and Steve blushed at the tone and words. “You’re going to become a True Hero and get Peggy back.”
He would never dare to imagine this anyway, to let go like this even when he was asleep. It would destroy him more completely than anything else could.
“I’m right here,” he wanted to shout. But more often than not, to himself: “He never loved you.”
, this would be real. It wouldn’t slip through his fingers like smoke.
The distance between them was vast, greater than the space that lay between them. Somewhere along the way, they had passed each other unaware, two ships skimming each other’s hulls, noticing only when their paths had already diverged.
“Ohhhhh.” Patsy snapped her fingers. “You’re wine-and-dining him! That’s cute.”
A sob surged through Tony, tremulous but powerful like a wave at its peak, ready to crash onto shore. Something about that wholeness when he was now incomplete and unbalanced made him want to claw the word off as much as he had wanted to back in the bunker, run ragged, deep scores through the word until it was illegible. He wanted to feel it mangle up underneath his fingernails, feel every single neat, round letter rip, the chunks of flesh sloughing right off.
It didn’t matter if he didn’t think he could even if Rhodey told him otherwise. When it came down to it, he had to. Because a conditional “together” wasn’t reliable. Because he couldn’t let people in the way he had before and try to make them what he wanted them to be again. Because if his worst nightmares all came true and no one was there, no one was left, if it was down to only him, he would have to be enough on his own.
“Since he said it.”
He watched as Tony picked up a creamy linen square from the mound of swatches that had accumulated on their coffee table. Tony was talking about how the color and fabric might be good for something called a table runner, saying that it was elegant, but maybe it was too boring and traditional, maybe they needed something more interesting except it shouldn’t be too out there either because what if it was garish, he didn’t want something tacky, and the line between his eyebrows appeared again as he frowned and dipped his head to peruse the samples, unhappy and stressed. His entire body radiated with tension, every bit of him pulled tight like a coil about to be sprung.
“Yeah…” she said slowly. “Did you forget?”
It had been a while since Steve was in town. His mother had moved back to Brooklyn when he was away at college and since then, Steve had had no reason to go back. Brooklyn was home; it was where he was originally from and where he was going to next, now that he was done with college, but this was where he had spent most of his adolescent years. Maybe he was a bit sentimental, a bit stuck in the past, but it was why he decided to make the move to Brooklyn alone, getting a day’s head start of Natasha, Sam, and Bucky.
All fight deserted him as he held Tony’s gaze, adrenaline quickly replaced with bone-deep grief and exhaustion. He curled over his shield, over Tony helpless and immobile under him, and shut his eyes tightly, his breaths coming in as rough and uneven as they had when he had gotten his words all those years ago.
She wonders if it was like that for Tony. There are more Avengers here after the Decimation than before it.
, he thought, watching himself in his bathroom, reading a new blood toxicity report, heaving over the toilet, scared of dying alone even as he isolated himself, pleading even when he had lost all hope that he would last long enough to see his soulmate just once.
“Every night,” Steve added quietly as he did. He stared at their clasped hands, not doing anything except sweeping a trail across the back of Tony’s with his thumb, cleansing him.
Surely if it meant nothing to Tony—which should be the case because he had never shown any sign of interest in Steve before and he flirted with everyone but him—he would have cracked a joke right now.
That means…
Thanos couldn’t claim that loss. He made it more certain and unassailable, but Steve had lost Tony on his own and there will be no closure for that. No absolution unless Tony comes back and maybe not even then.
“Preaching to the choir here, Cap.”
True to his word, Steve didn’t act as if he expected something from him over the next few days. They remained friendly, less tense than before but keeping their distance. There was a line drawn in the sand. Here and no farther. Steve stopped being so keyed up, so vigilant about Tony’s every move, now that they had finally talked. He gave Tony space.
He had turned around to take in the compound one last time, and his gaze had caught Tony’s as Tony made his way towards him.
He couldn’t let that chance go if that were the case.
Steve had it all planned out. A family. Two kids, maybe. White picket fence except he knew he would never be able to afford a house in the suburbs. A modest apartment then. One near Bucky, someplace near the neighborhood they grew up in but a step better because that was what his parents came over from the old country for, a chance for him to have what they couldn’t. A good, stable life, a shot at success.
Tony doesn’t have family or friends in Tennessee. Nobody in his circle does.
“Yeah,” Patsy repeated, dragging out the word like she did the first time. She looked as though she were stuck between thinking he was pitifully dense and being insulted that he of all people got the prize when he clearly didn’t appreciate it the way she did.
There was no mention of soulmates in Steve’s letter.
He had lost all sense of orientation, couldn’t tell what was left or right, up or down; the only direction he knew was straight ahead, the shivering needle in him calling Steve his true north.
“Graduated,” Steve said, and it felt like an apology more than anything. “This May.”
Tony wondered if his mother had felt that way in the end. Dying because of her soulmate’s obsession. Because of
He walked away from everything to be Steve Rogers; this time, he walks in the opposite direction. He’s Captain America all the time now, and he doesn’t want to be that, not when he failed the world so badly, but he wants to be Steve Rogers even less.
noticed or had dismissed it because Steve caring about him that way was inconceivable and entertaining that idea was dangerous. He had forgotten how much he loved it even so. He had wanted to make Steve smile like that forever, once.
Tears dropped, one after another, landing on their intertwined hands. Tony didn’t know whose they were, his or Steve’s.
There was a tinge of sadness to Tony’s smile as though he could hear Steve’s thoughts, faint enough that had Steve been anyone else, he would have missed it. But he knew Tony with the intimacy of having spent years studying him, with the practiced eye of an artist and a friend, of someone who loved him before knowing anything about the world and ever since then, and he noticed it with ease.
By the time he landed back at the compound in the middle of the night, Tony felt nothing. Fury, which had raged untamed, had been mostly extinguished in the wake of Steve’s departure, and the flight over the Atlantic was long and solitary enough to extinguish the last embers that remained. He was a forest razed to the ground by wildfire. Barren. Inhospitable.
But Tony had taken out his phone when Thanos’s children arrived, had had it on him at all times these past two years, Steve realized when Bruce recounted what happened, and that had to mean something. But Steve didn’t know what it meant and the puzzled frown on Bruce’s face, the brief pause after he had said it before he cut to the fight, had told him everything that Bruce didn’t say.
She’s with Jim and Steve in the conference room when FRIDAY alerts them that she has a message for them from Tony. Bruce is in the lab, Thor and Rocket somewhere else in the compound with their newest addition to the group, Carol, and Clint hasn’t reached out to them even though they know he’s alive.
soulmate’s…
“And seeing you then,” Tony said, “I just...I didn’t want you to be like that ever again. Not because of me. Not because of anyone or anything. That was the last thought I had before...you know.”
So that it wouldn’t leave him like this, flayed open, every bit of him raw and exposed, bleeding everywhere. He felt like crying and he could if he wanted to—there was no one with him here, miles above the ocean where Steve had spent the better part of sixty years, where he bitterly wished Steve had stayed except he didn’t, not really, because he knew what that was like, dying alone in the darkness—but his chest hurt too much to even breathe and the tears didn’t come as if he had forgotten how to shed them. They welled up inside him, rising past chest level up to his throat, up past his mouth, his nose, and he wanted to tear out of his skin, to pry open his rib cage and flee his body so that he wouldn’t suffocate on them.
“OH! You’re talking about Steve and Tony, right?” Sam asked finally catching on to what Bucky was referring to.
“That’s a shame Bud.”
“We’re sorry my Lord!” Steve exclaimed.
“Well I doubt anyone will attack us with you looking like a walking armory.” Sam teased and Bucky immediately bristled.
Eventually there is an event the Avengers have to attend and Tony declines joining them. However, Steve and him make plans for a date together the next day. Then, just to piss the other waiting Avengers off. Tony and Steve keep doing small repeated kisses to each other and holding hands till Clint literally yanks Steve back into the carriage. Everyone was laughing and Tony waved at the carriage as it drove off. He then turned and walked to the Jerk Off; because the Avengers had naturally dropped him off before the event.
Rhodey visibly backed down and tilted his head in a questioning manner.
“Tony…”
“Steve came to the underworld to ask for a deal so that his intended Peggy can be raised back from the dead.” Tony’s heart stopped and his face took on one of pure shock and betrayal. “I refused to give him a deal, but Thor offered one in my place. Once he proves himself a True Hero, he will be escorted to Hel so that he can take his love Peggy back to the land of the living.”
The Avengers went to say something but Pepper held up a hand and gestured towards the captains quarters.
“I would rather not think of the Lord of Dead like that.” Pepper stated diplomatically. Tony gave a her a cheeky grin and she shook her head in exasperation.
“Even though it was suspicious that you were there.” Bucky added, but stopped at Steve’s harsh look from beside Tony. Tony saw the look from the corner of his eye and his mouth twitched upward in a victorious smirk. Bucky saw it, grit his teeth, and released a slow breathe. “Sorry. Shouldn’t have threatened you. Sorry.” He rushed briskly.
“Friends!” Thor interrupted with a shout. “Is this Howard deceased?”
“Because he told me so! Him and everyone!” Loki rolled his eyes, head, and upper body in disbelief as he let out a mean chuckle.
“Yes. But enough of that.” Loki smirked and grabbed the front of Thor’s armor. He yanked the blonde close to him and tilted his head to the side. “I’ve found what I was looking for, and it’s time to celebrate.”
“Mother?”
“Steve I have come to know you and know a few things about you.” Erskine said as they continued to walk aimlessly. “I believe you will make a good hero.” He said finally and Steve beamed at him.
“How does he have the map?” Steve wondered out loud sharing a confused look with Bucky. They had always assumed Howard had gotten the map to go to Hel to get his child. But now here was Howard, and a child, and the map.
Tony’s original plan of avoiding Steve and the Avengers so it wouldn’t hurt when he was forced back to Hel was now discarded. The new plan was that Tony would enjoy the remainder of the year with the Avengers and Steve. When Loki came, Tony would explain everything and would ask Loki if he could earn his freedom while using some of the years he already earned. He’d work for half a year or a year then for the other half or next year get to be free and live with Steve.
“Can I-”
“I’m not telling you again,” Steve said more sternly than before.
“Fuck, Sir, I’m about to-”
“Tony-”
“Tony I don’t have any condoms with me,” Steve stated.
Steve picked up his pace then, leaving Tony an absolute mess, writhing in his chair and meeting Steve’s every move with a thrust of his hips. Just as Tony was getting close, Steve suddenly stopped and let go of Tony’s dick. Tony was about to complain when Steve spoke.
Fury was still talking and Tony was still not paying any attention. So, when Fury called upon Tony to answer a question, (or something, Tony wasn’t quite sure) Tony had no way to respond. So Fury asked again, and Tony answered.
Back to the situation at hand though, Tony was sure this briefing could’ve just been a video call so he could’ve just stayed in his lab. Hell, as far as Tony was concerned this whole briefing could’ve been an email. That way he wouldn’t have to be stuck in the situation he was currently in. Sitting next to Ca- Steve, thighs touching, whilst also in desperate need to go to the restroom.
Steve was sliding his two fingers in and out of Tony and pushed around for a bit as his fingers were inside Tony. Suddenly Tony saw white and cried out from the sensation of Steve’s fingers pressing against his prostate. Steve used that moment to slip in a third finger. Tony pushed back against Steve’s fingers as they found his prostate over and over. Tony’s dick was slippery from the precum and was sliding over the glass of the table as Steve fucked his fingers into him.
It was all Steve’s fault, to begin with. If Steve hadn’t offered Tony that glass of water and looked so damn hot doing so Tony wouldn’t even be in this situation. If it had been anyone else to come and get him he would’ve been fine. Hell, if Fury had just bothered to write an email instead of host a 4-hour briefing everything would’ve been great. Alas, things hadn’t worked out that way and Tony was slowly losing the battle against his bladder.
Tony was thankful that the others were still yelling because otherwise, the others would have definitely heard him pissing himself at that very moment. Tony was surprised just at how full his bladder had been as he still hadn’t stopped pissing himself. The fluid was running down his legs and completely soaking the chair he was sitting in. Thank God the chair was dark enough on its own that it probably wouldn’t be too noticeable. Tony’s thighs were warm from the piss that had spilled down them as well as Steve’s hand which was probably soaked by now as well.
The penetration of just this first finger didn’t bother Tony at all. He was pushing back against Steve’s hand as Steve pushed in a second finger. It slipped without much resistance because of the lube but it still stung just a little.
Tony’s vision whited out as he came more forcefully than he probably ever had in his life, his cum staining the glass briefing table. Steve’s hips stuttered for a moment before they came to a stop as Steve groaned and spilled his load inside Tony.
“All right, now that y’all have calmed down, let’s just conclude the briefing for now. I’ll see you guys back in an hour,” Fury said suddenly.
“Let go, Tony.”
Steve moved his hand up to Tony’s dick, ghosting over it for a second.
“Only because you asked so nicely.” Steve pushed the first finger in as he said this.
With his cock now fully buried inside Tony, Steve paused for a moment, letting Tony get used to being filled. The ache inside Tony dulled after a moment and he pushed back against Steve. Steve took this as a sign to start moving and began to thrust in and out of Tony at a smooth pace. After Tony got used to being filled to this extent and Steve’s rhythm he began meeting his thrusts in earnest. Steve slowly became more forceful in his movements, his hips snapping against Tony’s ass as he pushed into him.
“Please Sir, please…” Tony wasn’t sure what he was asking for at this point but he begged nonetheless.
Now, if it had been anybody else Tony would’ve simply refused to drink the water, but he wasn’t very good at saying no to Captain America. He had been coming to see Tony more often lately and Tony got giddy and kind of nervous every time he did. This might have something to do with the fact that Tony’s got a huge crush on the man but who’s to say. Lately, Cap had started asking Tony to please just call him Steve but Tony was struggling with that. How on earth did he ever manage to get to a first-name basis with the man he had a poster of in his childhood bedroom?
Steve picked the pace back up and fucked into Tony with even more urgency than before. Tony was meeting Steve’s thrusts, his dick leaking precum against the glass table.
“I’ll come visit you on my days off. I better use up all my vacation days, I doubt they get paid out upon departure.” He joked and Tony chuckled and some of his nerves eased.
And instead of saying anything Howard choked back his tears and just crushed Maria against him.
“Buddy remember there were no signs of a break-in.” Sam tried to reassure.
But in the garden was just a statue of Loki.
“What?” Bucky snapped again, Steve only looked lost. Bucky looked at Steve then grit his teeth. “You have to! Lord Thor said you’d help Steve become a True Hero.”
“Actually I’ve been meaning to ask, why do you call me that?”
Loki’s shoulders dropped and he resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He wouldn’t harm Tony.
Tony shrugged and gave a tired smile. “You can’t unteach hard learned lessons Steve.”
“It’s ok Steve.” Bucky squeezed the blonde in a half hug. “We’ll find him. He’s just-“
“That’s for leaving me!” She scolded then grabbed his face and pulled him into a kiss.
Tony gave an exaggerated roll of his eyes then walked through the door without opening it. That sight sucked all the air from Loki’s lungs. His breath hitched as he tried to stop a cry from escaping his mouth. After ensuring he was alone. Loki collapsed onto his throne and hid his face in his hands.
The centaur looked over his shoulder and then trotted a bit to the side so as to get a better view of the entrance to Loki’s throne room.
“You’re...you’re lying!” Steve screamed.
“You cannot have this -Peggy’s- soul back.” Loki said in finality.
Once they stepped out of the mist, Clint let out a loud yawn that shocked even him.
“However, if you were to fetch the item we were discussing then I would be able to look for this Tony Jarvis.”
“Thanks Thor.” Steve then turned to Falcon and held out his hand. “I’ll take all the help I can get. My names Steve.”
“I’m sorry.” Tony finally choked out, his voice was guilt ridden. “I’m so sorry!”
“What?!” Steve squawked but it was drowned out in the crowd’s cheers and approval. Natasha grinned at his flabbergasted face and Clint broke into full on laughter.
Everyone then caught Thor up on what happened after he left yesterday. They then went into talking about how they needed to formulate a battle plan to get Tony and Steve together.
Tony’s eyes darted around the Throne room. “Where’s Rhodey?” He asked genuinely curious. He was sure the centaur would be the first one to greet him.
“Thor knows I am against this Steve Rogers. If I were to kill him outright or be too brazen with his demise, he’d know it was me and never forgive me”
They had initially thought the giant lion was a one-time occurrence. It was just bad luck that a giant lion was roaming around after the Hydra had been killed. However, it seemed New Thebes City was just a magnet for monsters. Every week it seemed a new monster would threaten the city.
Bucky shook his head in the affirmative then grimaced and grabbed his temples. He then dropped his weapons to the floor and lowered himself onto one of the couches. Meanwhile the others continued to peruse the room.
“... I won’t be like Howard.”
“Not surprised, Ana is the one who lived here. Jarvis just married in.” Tony explained with a shrug.
“No!” Steve said quickly and sent Bucky and Natasha a warning look.
“I remember those practice sessions” Loki mused then chuckled. “You aren’t that good.”
“I-I…” King Minos mentally scrambled to think of something but Queen Pasiphae spoke first.
2. This is as close to Steve!afraid of water/ice as I could get. He’s not really afraid but the sea it’s a reminder to him that he won’t have a house on the water with Peggy because he failed her, like he failed his parents. Looking at it brings him back to the lowest point in his life.
“I’d rather Sam do it.” The brunette grumbled and Steve barked a laugh.
Everyone nodded their heads in understanding and the conversation moved on.
Rhodey was always the level headed one. Was always the one with all the answers. Sometimes Tony ignored those answers but at least Rhodey had them.
Tony threw Loki a confused look and startled when he finally realized Loki’s skin was white and his eyes emerald green.
1. The mental image of the Avengers really talking Steve up trying to impress Tony, and Tony just thinking “UGH” the whole time is hilarious to me. They think they’re being such good friends, helping Tony see how great Steve is but in actuality are just hurting his image is SO GREAT!
The group of mortals began dancing around the only remaining head, obviously setting up for another attack. Loki seethed and was ready to jump in and just kill the mortals himself when a boom of thunder resounded across the gorge. The thunder was so loud it even caused the Hydra to pause. Then a blinding flash of light lit up the gorge and another, louder, clap of thunder resonated.
“Fight him?! You can’t fight Jörmungandr! His scales repel all weapons. He can grow and shrink like Fenrir, except he’s a snake so he’s dangerous on all ends.”
“Damn.” Bucky sighed, shaking his head. “No wonder they never talk about him.”
The crowd and guards began to murmur to each other. Some going as far as to lower and drop their weapons. King Minos looked incensed as Tony turned back to him.
“Peggy?” Steve called after he quietly closed her bedroom door.
“And you're sure you haven’t seen him?” Steve asked the guard again.
“Wings or no. I was a fighter before them and I’m still one now.” Sam said as he took the point in front of everyone “Everyone stay behind me.”
“Then I’ll carry you around until we stumble upon it or you relent and tell me.” The blonde joked getting another laugh from the shorter man.
“An ideal hero.”
“Nat!” Steve yelled.
The ogre was about the size of Bruce when he Hulked out. However his jaw was wider set and his two bottom scissor teeth poked out of his mouth due to their large size. He was heavy set but muscular. Overall he was an imposing figure. However that was diminished by the fact that he looked extremely relieved at the sight of them.
“Yeah.” Tony clipped still unimpressed. “You were
In front of them was a wide river. In said river was a brunette man and a white bodied, blonde centaur.
“What’s wrong with that?” Steve asked.
“Defend everyone.” Steve corrected. “Little guys can also be bullies.”
“No!” Sam and Bucky shouted.
“What?!”  Steve raged.
“Steve calm yourself, I know. You wouldn’t take a handout even if someone sewed the coins into your chiton.”
“None. Fenrir adores you. Training him would take no effort on your part.” Loki answered blandly, waving his hand in dismissal. He then thought for a second and a mischievous smirk overtook his face. “Train Jörmungandr to do a trick though and that will earn you some time.”
The room was now completely black from the explosion that Tony had accidentally caused. All the furniture was either broken or in pieces. Tony’s face and body was also covered in black ash, but other than that he was whole and healthy.
“WAIT!” Loki held up a hand then seemed to zero in on Tony’s face. The god then held up one finger and pointed it at the mortal. Then he spoke slowly and purposefully “You said, he wouldn’t lie to you.”
“Hold on, hold on.” The centaur stopped him and made Tony look at him. “I mean I’m proud of how well you are doing overall! Not in your mission or any of that.” Tony relaxed and gave his best friend a smile. “I’m really proud of how well you’re doing with people, with living life.” Rhodey gave Tony a genuine, relaxed smile. “You look happy.”
1. Tony is wearing a shorter, red, Megera outfit in this chapter, just an FYI. I couldn’t think of how to describe it other than femine and draws attention to the hips.
Tony’s eyes widened in alarm then he joined Loki in glancing about the room for a place he could hide.
Natasha nodded once, Sam bit his lip and Clint looked away pointedly. When Bucky’s eyes found Steve’s, he held them. He gave the blonde a pleading stare and Steve sucked in a breath. The blonde then walked over next to Bucky and gave Tony a serious look.
“I’m proving this to you!” Steve stated in a no nonsense tone. Tony only groaned in response and seemed to flop more of his weight onto the blonde in retaliation.
“We didn't save you for a handshake.” The woman spoke up again. “We saved you and now you owe us. If you don’t pay us then,” Clint rolled his shoulders that held his bows and the woman looked pointedly at each of their weapons.
“Why the Casket?” She asked, walking quickly to catch up to him.
A year passed. Jan and Hank had moved back to the US a few months back and now we’re at the alter saying their vows. Tony gave Steve a small wave from his spot as a groomsmen. At the reception the music and drinks flowed freely and everyone danced and partied till the Hall closed. The weekly meetings had been brought back to Tony’s mansion after the couple got back together and everyone still tried their best to attend.
Tony looked wide eyed at the blonde but Steve didn’t look away from Loki. Loki kept his face impassive until all the Avengers agreed. Sam agreed next, quickly followed by Bucky, Bruce, Clint, and then Natasha (who glared daggers at the god). Then Loki let a cruel smile crawl onto his face.
Once in the Throne Room Loki jutted out a hand and pointed towards one of the doors.
2. Tony thinks the Avengers are overrated wanna-be-in Valhalla tools and Loki straight up hates all of them.
Tony made a disgruntled sound and Rhodey readjusted his shoulders in order to jostle him.
But Steve’s eyebrows just scrunched together in a glare of defiance. They couldn’t talk but they could control their facial expressions it seemed. At Steve’s glare Amora appeared disappointed.
Loki only blinked in response. But then the Scepter vanished from his grip. At everyone’s questioning looks the god went to explain himself.
“....Of course you’re trying….Steve is just difficult in all things it seems.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped in defeat and shame. He didn’t lift his head as he couldn’t bring himself to meet any of the Avengers eyes.
Oh Tony was in trouble.
Howard’s lips thinned and he gestured for the young man to sit on one of the couches he had set up in his office. Steve didn’t put up a fight and sat down heavily. Howard then sat next to him and sighed.
Near the banks of the river, they were greeted by a very blue Loki. Loki was glaring at Tony and hadn’t taken his eyes off the shade. However the glare lost it’s affect the closer Tony got to him; because then he could see the tears frozen on the gods face.
Long ago Loki only held the title god of mischief, now however, he was the god of Mischief and the Dead. A punishment from his “father” Odin (King of all gods) for daring to turn and hold Thor's gaze. The story goes further than that but Loki didn’t care to relive that whole ordeal. Now he only briefly fantasized about being just the god of Mischief and thus free to frolic in the land above causing chaos and weaving lies as he traveled. Not chained here in Hel as god of the Dead, who was constantly tied to his throne and thus the confining place that is Hel.
“Not as bad?!” Loki shot back and then threw his blue arms out and gestured to the entirety of the room. “This place is destroyed!”
“I know being here isn’t easy on you.” Howard said gently, and Steve swallowed hard but gave nothing else away. “....you know you don’t have to be here. You can go home and be with her, I’ll still give you your wages.” Steve shook his head but Howard barreled on. “Call it paid time off. I know this office holds a lot of memories for you two and with everything going on….” Howard trailed off and Steve sniffed and rubbed his legs.
Tony didn’t try to hide the lovemark Steve had left, but glared at the god. Loki shook his head in disbelief.
“You need to use a sword!” Bucky cried, once again gesturing to his hip where his sword was fastened.
Amora’s hands balled into fists and yellow energy glowed around them. Steve and the other Avengers noted her hands with alarm.
“How long have you known?” he asked wearily.
“The serum amplifies everything inside,” he had explained, “So good becomes great; bad becomes worse.”
He could see it too, that universe. It was one where no one made mistakes, where everyone was alive, happy, and whole.
He wondered if his lines would become something different or even disappear entirely before he remembered what Dr. Erskine had said to him half an hour ago.
“Well that’s assuring.” Tony muttered sarcastically. “I’m worse at this than I thought.”
“WHAT?!” Tony and Amora shouted.
I want to take a moment and thank all those who commented and/or gave kudos, and likes/reblogs on tumblr! And not just to this fic but the series! :D
“Can be used like a battering ram when he grows. Or he can shrink and slip through your fingers when you think you have a hold on him.” Tony rattled off then turned back and walked faster towards the temple.
“Badgering a woman and harassing her does no-”
“But…” Loki smirked and rose from his throne. “If he were to die in a way other mortal heroes have then there's no one to blame.”
Tony would later blame this on the fact that Steve surprised him. He broke the “hero protocol” Tony had held him and the Avengers up to. He’d also blame himself. Citing he was weak after watching the mother and son reunion. But that was later.
“Ha!” The centaur barked, “Tired of people? You’re never even around people.”
“You changed the plan?” It wasn’t a question but he spoke it as if it was one.
“Well,” Bucky hedged, “Then get to know us.” Erksine raised a skeptical eyebrow at Bucky’s eagerness. “Steve is the best man I know. You get to know him and you’ll agree.”
“Whoa! What are you-AH!”
But it was earth shattering. Tony’s brain had stopped working. It failed to move forward. His jaw dropped open and his eyes blinked slowly as he processed all this.
“Thor buddy, you need to calm down.” Sam advised after getting sparked for the third time. “You’re more excited than Steve and it’s his date.”
“Relationship?!” Tony finally yelled. “We only talked for a few SECONDS! That’s barely an acquaintanceship!”
“Commendable?!” Loki screeched.
Steve knocked the fist with his own and smiled. Both friends smiled at each other then Bucky’s turned devious.
Tony gulped visibly and tried to take a few nervous steps back but was jolted to a stop when he felt a sharp prick at his back. Glancing behind him he saw a miniature statue of Fandral (the god of love) with his bow and arrow drawn. This caused Tony to do a double take while Steve followed him and squeezed their clasped hands to gain the brunette’s attention.
Howard finally came back into the room and did a quick scan.
“No!” Queen Pasiphae screamed but the guards did not listen to her.
Amora.
“I don’t!” Tony protested not looking at his friend. “I just, I just...ADMIRE him! Ok?!” Tony wrenched himself out of Rhodey’s grip. “He’s different! He’s not what he’s supposed to be. He’s, he’s just…..
“Hello Bucky.”
“Oh great.” Bucky muttered sarcastically then glanced back at Steve who was in the back of the group.
“That’s fair.” Tony answered with his own smile.
“Thor is on a wild goose chase and my patience is gone.” He tightened his grip on Tony’s face, said man winced and let out a sound of pain.
Everyone gasped as they watched the animal change its size at will. Clint then began chanting “what?” Till Phil explained what they just witnessed. Before anyone could say anything else Fenrir had made his way close to them and launched himself at the Avengers.
“It may take him some time till Jörmungandr actually runs home.” Tony amended then grinned. “But yeah, it worked!”
Jarvis was thrilled Tony was getting his chance for full on freedom, a sentiment a Pepper agreed with but she said no more on the subject. Tony could tell she didn’t like what Loki was having him do, but Tony didn’t dwell on that. Jarvis pointedly never mentioned Tony’s price but talked excitedly about all the things Tony would be able to do with his freedom.
Steve let out a laugh. “Peg,”
Sam laughed and wadded into the water to talk with his friends.
“Good thing King Minos said he’s never cleaned the death row convict’s bodies out of there.” Bucky snickered and nudged Clint playfully. “Otherwise you’d be carrying a pigs head into “battle”.”
Tony had only met Jean Grey as a shade and her being unstable was a mild way of putting it. She seemed to be in constant battle with herself but always seemed to enjoy spreading chaos. Giant Man was a Hero Tony had known growing up. He was a brave warrior who’s accomplishments in battle were known far and wide. He towered over most people and had more strength than the average man, making him a Hero of epic proportions. When he had died his soul had put up such a fuss Loki had to attend to it. Tony had trailed along, excited about meeting a real life -err dead- hero. Giant Man turned out to be a huge disappointment. He had demanded entrance to Valhalla / the Elysian Fields (“Whatever it’s called just guide me there! I have more than earned that right!”). Loki had then explained there was no Valhalla / Elysian Fields and Giant Man had gone into a rage. (“I wouldn’t have done all that bullshit if I knew there was no reward!”).  Both Giant Man and Jean Grey’s souls were in the Canyon of Regretful Souls, solidifying Tony’s opinion that heros were just like all mortals. Selfish, untrustworthy, and fake.
“So,” Rhodey broke through Tony’s reverie. “How goes your investigation? Find the home-wreckers weaknesses?”
All the Avengers (sans Bucky and Steve who had met Loki before) looked stunned and dumbfounded.
For it was also renowned that Howard and Maria had lost their only son to the war. But just two years after the sons passing, the war was declared over and many say it’s in large part due to Howard’s genius tactical skills (“and my inventions” he’d always add). And so Steve believed it was Howard’s deceased son that had whispered secrets to his father in order to help him and guide him in his tactics. He had never confronted the man about his theory. Howard never even mentioned his son’s name. The whole city assumed it must hurt too much. For they all had lost people in some way or another to the great war and knew better than to question how one handled grief.
“And that he’s not a star struck fan, showing up whenever we make an appearance?” Sam added.
Loki thought. Figuring out the humans were trying to keep him talking so they could be rescued by their dear Thor. ‘
The Avengers laid there, stunned. Tony still hadn’t looked up from the ground but winced as he heard himself in Loki’s image.
The last time Howard had seen her, it was a shock. The independent capable woman he had known was replaced by a frail but still stubborn girl.
The two had been going at each other ever since the Avengers and Pepper were teleported away. It started with Thor asking what Loki had done to them, to Loki acosting Thor about his cheating, and then eventually it turned into this.
“It’s fine Steve.” But the blonde could tell it wasn’t. “Don’t worry about it.” Tony put on a smile, that Steve did not believe was genuine. “Thanks for walking me home.”
Pepper or Virginia Potts was a shade Tony had met in the Field of Content Souls. Amora was actually to blame for their meeting. She had learned Tony did not like spending a lot of time with shades due to them bringing up his father. So of course she sent him on a fetch quest in the Field of Content Souls. He was to get a bracelet she had “accidentally” dropped there. It was a pain in the ass but eventually he found the bracelet thanks to Pepper. She led him to where she saw the bracelet but only after he answered her questions. She then began to seek him out in Hel. She was curious about him and in her own words
Tony smiled in victory and folded his arms over his chest before turning back to Steve “And really? Bruce? Why are you trying to kill him?”
“He didn’t pick the art remember?” Natasha answered. “He said that yesterday.”
Thank you ALL SO SO MUCH for all the love and support I get for this fic! I'm glad you all enjoy it!!
Bucky and Rhodey began a yelling match. Sam joined in and Natasha joined in as well, however she was on Tony’s side. Clint and Hank also got into it, both trying to defend their friend. Betty and Bruce were on a date that night and Thor was with Loki that night, so they were absent from the fight that was termed “the Civil War”. That was the last weekly meet up for the whole gang.
Tony meanwhile, jumped off the centaurs back. He winced as he landed on his ankle wrong but hobbled away from his friend and continued shouting.
“Meeting a god, can you believe it?!” Clint gushed, grabbing Nat’s arm in his excitement.
“Tony, you have to believe me!” The blonde urged. “I’m not! None of us! None of us are sleeping with Thor!” He said Thor’s name as if the very idea of sex with him was rediculous.
“Showcasing all your weapons doesn’t guarantee you’ll be left alone.” The woman explained gesturing to Bucky. “In fact it’s almost like a beacon.”
“You son of a bitch!” Rhodey whispered but in the silence it was like a war cry. One Bucky responded to.
“You managed to make them all believe he was crazy.” Loki sounded absolutely delighted at the lie and Tony let out a chuckle as he walked back to the house.
“Steve…”
Thor had flew into the air and followed Jörmungandr with his lightning and thunder. And he kept flying and following the snake as the creature backed further and further out into the sea.
Eventually the pain subsided but Steve still felt out of it. His mind was reeling from the agony he just put himself through. He made no effort to move. Too much had just happened for him to try and process thoughts, let alone try to maneuver his sore and tender body.
Everyone began to voice their denials and kept talking over each other until Phil’s loud and piercing whistle silenced them.
“Give me your chiton!”
“What is this manhandle-Tony-day?” Tony asked sarcastically finally getting the water away from his eyes. He then whipped his face over to Steve. “Whoa.” He gasped getting a good up-close look at the apparent adonis that was the blonde man.
4. Finally do any one you know how to put a picture into a chapter? If so please let me know!
“We need to move quicker.” Sam said. “Go on without me.”
“Goodnight Tony.” Steve said gently as he walked out the door.
“Fine. You win this round,” Tony relented then tugged on their still joined hands. “It’s this way. Fair warning, it’s kinda far.”
Later, most of the Avengers had gone off to bed leaving only Sam, Steve, and Howard awake. The older man broke the comfortable silence that had descended.
“Do you have a plus one?”  Steve had asked, and Tony gave him a confused look then shook his head.
“And I will.” Steve responded, offering up his chest. “Do what you have to in order to believe me.” Steve again locked eyes with Loki. “I’d do anything for Tony.”
They defeated the infantry, thinking foot soldiers as generals, one battle an entire war—naïveté that was drummed out of her at a young age, that Tony warned against.
Steve’s role in the war was over.
Tony unlocked the first, and then minutes—hours, weeks, months—later, the second. The Soul Stone sat, cushioned in the center of the box, innocuous and unassuming in appearance. It was hard to imagine that something so tiny could hold such enormous, terrible power, but he was reminded of Quill’s warning, his account of the Power Stone and how it had nearly destroyed him, even with his father’s blood. He couldn’t touch it directly.
“Yes, you do.”
“Boss, you’re running low on juice. You have to land soon,” FRIDAY warned him.
Tony’s touch felt like a mirror memory, a reverse echo of the time he had touched Tony’s chest all those years ago, searching for a sign of life after he had fallen to Earth from space.
For the first time, Steve wondered if it was because Tony was afraid of it meaning something, the way that it did now, when he couldn’t keep how he really felt from bleeding through.
Distance sanded down dissonance to something smoother and more pleasant, and everything came to a standstill, allowing him to look past Midtown’s boisterousness and see what most people didn’t: the beauty unappreciated or never fully appreciated under that rowdy bravado.
It was a joke, a petty one, but nothing that either of them couldn’t handle except while Natasha rolled her eyes, a tiny smile betraying her, Steve’s face crumpled before he caught himself and smoothed it out into a stoic mask.
Big, bold letters screaming across a bright TV screen in Edinburgh.
A ghost of a warning flashed, then blinked out.
Tony wondered if Steve dreamed of Barnes dying in front of him. If his mind flooded with panic as he scrambled to hold Barnes together, to keep him from disintegrating in his arms even if he wanted nothing more than to scrub Barnes’s ashes off of him.
“He asked about Tony.”
There was a time when he would have believed with all his heart that he could—or would have willed himself to do so—but not anymore.
He looked at Bucky and remembered the conversation they had on the way to the place where he would gain and lose everything at once, the way he had questioned whether he deserved to be saved, calmly and without an ounce of self-pity, like it was only logical that he didn’t.
Before he got his words, he would spend hours looking at his wrist, imagining the letters appearing one by one like his soulmate was writing across his skin, talking to him from far away. He would try to guess what they would say that was so important that they would mark him forever.
He’s brave and brilliant. He got both himself and the team out of dire straits and to the summits of their best selves, using risky, unconventional, and clever methods to survive and grow and then later, help them all thrive.
“Then why—”
The sky is choked with sooty flakes, Death’s winter in spring. Outside their grove, the ground undulates with mounds of ash rising from the scarred battlefield. It reminds her of the Dilmun tumuli she saw in Bahrain eighteen years ago. Almost all of the world’s largest funerary grounds have been destroyed over the past fifty years, but it’s as if those burial mounds were restored and transported to the fields in front of her. There are so many gone. From here, where she’s standing, the hills stretch to the ends of Earth.
He didn’t think it was possible to hate himself as much as he did now. The loathing ate at him, violent and all-consuming; he was cannibalizing himself.
So she asks something else as she sits besides him in the courtyard.
“’M with you,” Steve said faintly. “We’ll do it together, every step of the way.” He smoothed his thumb across the back of Tony’s hand with an aching, fragile tenderness, fading, dwindling, but still holding on.
“My promises probably don’t mean much to you,” Steve said, and Tony knew that he was thinking about the phone.
