The idea of being caught out again in this wretched place, especially now as he was dressed in his full armour and in the company of two companions as though on parade, turned his stomach into knots.
John noted that traffic had begun to clog up on the bridge; rubberneckers trying to catch a glimpse of what they could. No doubt drawn to the sight of an ambulance parked conspicuously on the footpath that ran parallel to the Thames down below.
The bed jostled as Sherlock moved, his narrow chest sliding over the top of John, using him as an anchor as he fished something from his shirt on the floor, before moving back to sit with his ankles crossed in lotus position with his bony knees propping up his wrists. His penis lay flaccid in the dark nesting of curled hair, sheathed away in the ruddy foreskin.
Charles shrugged minutely, amending his statement. Thinly veiled though it was. "Ah. Then we find ourselves in agreement. I find both sides to be quite . . . able." His heresy to the crown had become far more open now that the War had taken more than six years to end. His rule had the uncomfortable feeling of beginning to feel permanent.
In repentance, Sherlock climbed his obliques like cobblestone steps and made John's soft chuckle strike up into a harsh gasp when he took a soft bite around his areola and laved. John's fingers tightened spasmodically into Sherlock's jawbone, little fingers stroking into his artery before being forced to still. Repositioning and adjusting. But never, ever leaving.
It felt a bit strange, like dèja vú, to be standing on the bank of the Thames surrounding a corpse again.
"And did the High Steward also deign to tell you the terms of this 'marriage'?" Sherlock asked with a bit of a bite to his words. As though they tasted sour.
"No." Sherlock agreed, shaking his head. He caught John's eye before his long fingers settled gently on John's waist, fingers teasing at the top of his braies. Perhaps as a means to distract him, Sherlock bent forward and pressed his rouged lips to John's. The lightest, most hesitant of kisses connected them as he slid the small sheath of fabric down John's thighs and let them fall to his ankles.
"The Queen Mother has died peacefully at the age of one-hundred and one this afternoon," the reporter says. "The announcement from Buckingham Palace is that the end was peaceful and that the Queen was at her bedside. The Prime Minister's tribute: 'She symbolized Britain's decency and courage. She was admired by all people of all ages and backgrounds. Revered within our borders and beyond.'"
She put a jar of vanilla beans into the trolley with a snort. "Listen to me, talking in silly metaphors. That Sherlock is a good boy, no matter how much he wants people to think otherwise. He's a bit odd, but that's what makes him lovely."
John couldn't help but feel slightly saddened by this, the way Sherlock merely accepted his role in something that John's conscience told him he should actively WANT to be a part of. But Sherlock's tone brooked no pity and it was a clear fact that he had simply come to terms with it long ago, made the best of it, and held no grudges against it.
"Detective Sherlock-san?" The client asked in a stuttering, heavy accent, glancing oddly around the foray and pointing up. He no doubt thought he'd perhaps come to the wrong place. John wondered if they should have a discussion about putting a sign up outside.
Instead of going to it, as John suspected he would, Sherlock limped back through the kitchen and with one hand sliding along the wall to brace himself, disappeared into his bedroom.
"More." John grinds out and another finger pushes in beside its mate, followed a little while later by another. And with three fingers spoked in his arse, John's body writhes heedlessly to meet them. He feels plumbed clear up to his heartbeat.
"And imagine our surprise seeing just what lengths you're willing to go to for a man you've hardly just met. My my. Mr. Moriarty said that you were in deep...but I never truly understood it until now. Bravo! It's been like watching a dinner theatre about doomed lovers written solely for me."
"But you can't!" Sherlock had cried desperately. Choking on his own realization of what he had done. The gravity of it all.
Sherlock's hand found the saddle of John's trapezius, long fingers spidering onto his neck, squeezing in encouragement. His hips jumping up in surprise before settling back down. A hiss through his teeth issuing forth.
The inside of geode is a riot of colour. Layers of orange and gold and blonde are separated with thin bands of white that radiate out from a halo of neon pink towards the inner most center. And at its very core is a burst of star red crystals which sparkle magnificently when his hand trembles.
"An opal." Sherlock mumbled, barely loud enough for John to catch. He had vacated his bright eyes, staring at the wall beyond the doctor.
John was immediately in front of him, sitting down on the coffee table, not fooled for an instant. He reached out with no hesitation and undid the buttons of Sherlock's Belstaff. "What's wrong with you? Are you hurt? Where are you hurt?" He ignored the weakly batting hands and loosened Sherlock's scarf. Then he felt his blood begin to simmer in his veins again, exhaustion and worry knocking about through his head. It was obvious Sherlock'd gone out by himself AGAIN and gotten hurt. The son of a bitch.
Mrs. Hudson's voice was soft. "Oh. I don't mind dear. He's all bark and no bite." She gathered the small pile of vinyls John had discarded on the tower of magazines and went through them briskly, her eyes lighting up excitedly. "This one John, this one's one of my favorites. You take a listen, soon as you can. I want to hear what you think of it. I'd like to borrow it back when you're finished though. I haven't heard this one for ages."
The octopus seemed to pull an optical illusion at that moment, suddenly half way above and half way below the last tank on the top right. The small fish inside swam down into the farthest corner in an effort to escape, but it was of no use. With a quick splay and short chase the octopus dropped through, and enveloped the trapped creature with nothing more than a slosh of water and slight shake of the shelf frame.
John heard the door open behind them, involuntarily tensing. Ygritte, oblivious to the true nature of what had caused him to startle, put a comforting hand on John's shoulder after removing her glove and gave it a squeeze of reassurance. Scribbling some things down onto a clipboard.
John couldn't help the grunt that billowed up out of his throat, his nostrils flaring hot across Sherlock's cheekbone as a particularly well-placed rub chafed his cock against denim.
They seemed to be partaking in a volley of question and answer, occasionally dropping what John believed to be the word 'peppermint' in English every so often, which made it even more confusing. The two men who had flanked the man speaking had remained standing and John guessed them to be some sort of body guards. And drawing back to Sherlock's pointed address to the client as 'Chairman Asano-san' when he'd come in, John surmised that he was possibly someone of importance.
He elicited sounds in octaves that John wasn't even aware Sherlock could make. He pressed deeper when Sherlock's body rocked with want. Shushed and reassured when his hand on Sherlock's flushed cock made the man whimper in protest and took it away when he got too close.
"I wouldn't go so far as to call it a case; it's more a distraction than anything." Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock's angry. Angry at John for shamelessly risking himself. Exposing himself to the monsters in the night that Sherlock had been trying to keep him from.
The head's eyes were closed and its tongue jutted out to an extreme length, nearly touching its jawline, almost as if the man (because it WAS most definitely a man) had been killed by strangulation and it had forced the tongue up his nonexistent neck.
Sherlock considered this for a long while while he went back to his work, stringing up the separated pieces with the wiring like telephone poles stretching across a clump of islands. "Yes. Alright."
It was somewhat surreal, to be suddenly out of those small confined places of John's bedroom and the bathroom, where they had been sharing things so desperately intimate, and to know that the same feelings were still being carried between the both of them. That the presence of a wider space could do nothing to quell such happiness and make them no less palpable in the full light of day.
But Sherlock didn't hear. From his position, he was able to witness a close up of John's cock, watching breathless as the monolith rose like a Great Old One summoned by his words. Rapt as the corpora cavernosa expanded within, thick and bright and humming with blood. Flushing darkly in its sweet ascent.
There was a furious, shrilling honk of surprise and a white ball of violence came hurtling off his bed towards him. The goose was large and startling. Hissing as it came at him, wings held aloft and flapping wildly. It's long neck poised to strike like a cobra. John had half a mind to boot it across the room.
“Sherlock,” Greg sighs. He sinks down to sit beside his sprawled form. “Is this about University?” he asks, ruffling the teen’s wild curls.
Sherlock has spent the fight carefully working around the edge of the room. He’s lucky he is tall for his age or he never would have been able to get the syringe off the locker. “Get off of him,” Sherlock yells, launching onto Sebastian’s back. He uses the momentum of the jump to lodge the needle into his neck.
Uriel is on another perch, below and to the right of him. She’s sprawled out on her belly, wings hanging dramatically.
A girl shuffles in with a tray. Her head is covered in an old hijab and her face is covered in dirt, but John would recognize those stubborn blue eyes anywhere.
“Something like that,” Sherlock answers, turning his focus to the man. He is Sherlock’s height and despite his baggy jacket it is obvious that he is strong, lean muscle hidden away. He casually tucks his hand into his pocket, flicking on his phone without pulling it out of his pocket.
Murray sputters and looks like he wants to ask John a million questions, but he must read something in his face because he keeps his mouth shut. Instead he just sighs a soft, “Oh.”
Mycroft doesn’t have much energy left, but he uses what he has to draw the water of the lake to him. Water shields hardly take any energy, even less if he doesn’t have to summon the water out of the air. The lake curls around them, a dome of grey liquid. He puts all he has into the shield, strengthening it until the water glows violet with runes.
Murray thinks while he hands over his card for the meal. “Last week or so, he’s doing pretty well. You know his leg didn’t bond quite as nicely, but a lot of physical therapy and running 5K’s seems to have gotten it working well. He’s dating some girl from his new job.”
Destructive spells have never been one of Mycroft’s specialities, and he has not spent much time learning them, unlike Sherlock who tended to set rune traps all around the house for unsuspecting servants. On such trap Mycroft had memorized after Sherlock had nearly burned the house down in his carelessness. He built the same circle now, imbuing each rune with raw power.
“And what is this so called truth?” Sherlock asked, leaning forward. He could hardly mask the interest on his face.
Mycroft is unsure what to say in response to their newest revelations and so says nothing at all. By mutual agreement they start back for the hotel. The lights of the city go a long way to chasing off the darkness, but they are both skittish of the shadows lingering in every alleyway.
He shoves the memories to the back of his mind palace, furious at his distraction. He moves quickly to gather the fresh and dried ingredients of the potion before retreating back to him room, unwilling to stay a moment longer in the lab.
John glances over at Mycroft in his bespoke dress clothes, his severe posture. He looks unaffected by it all, by the attention, even the heat. John relaxes by increments, letting his shoulders fall back, his wings loosening until they rest in a graceful arch. He looks out to the bay, to the sparkling waters and the stunning architecture, and shuts out everything else.
Murray was holding him down, pressing him into the stretcher. “Its alright mate, we’ll find him, its alright.”
Greg and Mycroft circle around each other like high strung cats testing out their boundaries. Greg doesn’t seem to know what to do with a man that is nearly a decade younger than him, but about 75 IQ points smarter. Where as Mycroft seems confounded by human interaction in general.
“Sorry,” she sighs, rubbing at the bridge of her nose, “you didn’t deserve that, I know you had your reasons. It’s just this case.”
“Well we can hardly break in,” John grumbles, glaring at the door. If Sherlock didn’t live here, it was going to be very embarrassing. With a sigh, John knocked on the door.
Agent Smith gives them a more reserved bow and Mycroft follows suit, though the wrinkle of his brow shows he isn’t quite sure what they are.
The park is pretty busy, filled with parents and children, Sherlock’s mate could be anyone. With his Timer running when he was born, the mate has to be around the same age or older, which crosses out anyone younger, but that isn’t much help.
His wakes in a jolt, shooting up from the bed in a flurry. “Shite, not again.” He glances at his alarm clock, but its shattered remains fail to tell him the time. Judging by the light streaming through his curtains, he’s late.
The trip to the Hospital is barely 50 yards through K pod and across the street, but it’s 54 celsius outside and he’s sweating before he even closes the door to his CHU. A few soldiers nod polite greetings to him as he passes, but he is surrounded by Americans on all sides and they don’t recognize his uniform or his rank.
And it took no more than that; to know that he shared ground with this divinity on earth, to let him live. Even if he may never seen the beauty again. Or its equal.
The man in the foreground stood with a sober expression above the microphones. His face held in a perpetual frown, looking like one would imagine a hard-boiled copper might look this late into his career. Crusty and solemn. As if he'd seen the worst of a bad lot and took it all straight in his features. He had small, dark eyes the glinted flintily despite the overcast day. The fat knuckles he had curling around the podium looked as though they'd been broken more than a few times.
He would have crumpled, but for the iron grip that caught him about the ribs and held him tight. That lissome body pressed into his back and wedging him upright against the sink, so wet and hot that it was a conundrum to decide which of them was more hot or more wet as compared to the other and who started and ended where.
"It's not the same. Get out!" He pushed the door closed on the detective's face, falling back against it and burying his face in his hands. The shells of his ears felt like they were sunburnt and he'd feared he'd bodged up something awful tonight. Despite all the victories. He'd been very careful to never let something like this happen. He was losing his edge.
His brain was suddenly on rapid-fire. "The incision..." John blinked as his observations coalesced. "That's why the appendectomy wasn't performed laparoscopically; because it wasn't an appendectomy at all. It was a nephrectomy. Oh my God." The Hippocratic Oath he'd chosen to take before graduating flared to the forefront of his mind, its outright violation making his guts turn cold. /I shall not cut for stone/.
The mousy woman silently took her place in front of Sherlock now, the sound of piss so loud in the empty room, before she too took her leave. More servants entered as she left, this time carrying a long, shimmering gown of the brightest green and delicate gold embroidery and a whale bone corset. They were followed by another with the many pearled necklace and then another with a large wooden box. Though the latter was turned away with a small shake of Sherlock's head.
"Your knighthood would surely disagree with you." The monk's jolliness seemed unflappable. "But oh! where are my manners? I am brother Michael of St. Bartholomew's Church and I have been sent on a mission of great importance."
"I'm alright. It's just been a while since I've had to discuss this sort of stuff, y'know? Might be a bit rusty." John devoted himself to the careful consideration of their alcoholic options. If this was going to be a poignant time in their relationship, a turning point, he felt they needed something special to celebrate it with. The truffled drinks from The Jolly Bulldog hadn't even followed him home and John could hold his liquor.
All the while, through the maelstrom, whispering right against the shell of his ear while his muscles thundered, was the unstoppable voice of Sherlock breaking through to him: "shh, John. Let me help you. Please. Shh. Let me help."
"This is quite a turn up, so early in the morning. I was just um," she fumbled with the saw, having trouble coordinating her walking and staring at the brooding detective. "I was just getting my tools ready for um, for the body. Oo!" She kicked the edge of the nearby table and nearly went sprawling, but saved herself, and shut up the saw into the autoclave with a lot of noise. She poked the buttons to turn it on and spun back to the group like the calamity hadn't ever occurred.
Sherlock's cheek rasped smoothly against his knee as a soaked cloth was smeared across his back. Devastated to be brought so low.
John was still stuck back at processing the grudge between Sherlock and this faceless DI, knowing Sherlock would absorb any of the facts that were truly relevant about Mr. Jones. "If Gregson doesn't like Sherlock, then why have you asked us here at all? I mean, won't he come here with the body?"
It wasn't the suit necessarily that John objected to; after all, it was a gorgeous three-piece bespoke cut from the same bolt as all the previous victims' had been. It fit him like a second skin and seemed to rival even what John had seen of Mycroft's wardrobe by a few hundred quid. So it wasn't that.
His lungs burned. His thighs screamed for mercy. His armour felt as though it grew heavier with each laborious step while the parcel in his hand became a nuisance, became a rock, became a cannonball to carry.
"This is not how I imagined this happening for our first time," Sherlock said to the doctor's fastidious hands, having the gall to smirk. "Though I suppose it would suit us."
John shifted in his seat, tugging roughly at his coat, folding his arms across his chest. "Yeah, well. You're usually good about getting what you want."
"You do know that we don't have to do anything tonight, don't you?" John said quietly. He was looking into Sherlock's eyes, making sure he knew. "To spend a night in your company is enough for me."
When John returns to the flat midday the next day, Sherlock is out. He’s grateful. He spent the night with Harry, and the only reason he didn’t try to drown himself in a bottle of whiskey was that Harry had beat him to it. Saved by his sister’s alcoholism.
Sherlock sniffs and somehow makes the action of pulling off his gloves disdainful. John winces; Sherlock’s going to make Greg work for it.
Hands landing back on John’s hips, Sherlock resumed their rhythmic swaying, nudging a leg between John’s. Bowing her head, Sherlock brought her lips to John’s ear. “I told you, I like dancing.”
They throw themselves into their loaner car and John sends a private thought of thanks to Mycroft. They really ought to send the man a gift with all the money they’ve saved in cab fares.
“Let’s try out the weapons room,” Sherlock offers and John grunts his agreement. He doubts John has the focus at the moment for shooting, but they manage it for a good quarter of an hour, the both of them emptying rounds of rubber bullets into red and blue targets. Sherlock never misses the target, but John never hits outside the centre ring and Sherlock can’t help but watch and admire him, eyes running along the strong line of him from the gun, up his arm, across his shoulders, down his back, and to his steadily planted feet.
With a pang of dread, Sherlock pulls out his mobile to check the time and lets out a curse. He’s running for the rental car without another thought, ignoring Lestrade’s confused shouting.
Gritting his teeth, John gets off his bed, crosses the room and opens the door. Sherlock’s hair is a mess, his collar unbuttoned, eyes glinting with eagerness. He is utterly focused and looks ready to go on a suicide mission for the sake of this case. All their personal issues are secondary right now.
With a deep breath, his own eyes clenched shut to stop their tearing, Sherlock presses his chin to John’s head, his free hand skimming up John’s back to clasp him firmly by the back of the neck. The wolf probably doesn’t like it, but John shudders and melts against him.
They glare at each other, then something in Mycroft’s face seems to break, there and gone too quickly to identify but obvious enough for Sherlock to feel a grain of doubt. “I could simply take John away,” he points out calmly, but Sherlock cannot detect any true intent.
It takes several moments for Sherlock to realize the crunching of leaves under John’s feet has ceased, and turns to find him frozen in place, face tense and lined with resignation.
Kneeling at the woman’s side, John presses his fingers against her neck automatically, feeling and hearing the lack of a pulse. Her body is still warm.
before speaking. “You’re the one that has a professional relationship with Greg. I didn’t want to say anything that would make you uncomfortable.”
They get a client two days later, and Sherlock could not be more glad. Work is the best antidote to sorrow, he’s always thought, and he has no other ideas for getting John out of this period of moroseness. Half of the problem is that he’s not sure what John is ruminating on, and the other half is that he’s certain it somehow has to do with Sherlock. In the back of his mind palace is a straining door with water trickling out the bottom, barely holding back a flood of guilt and anxiety that John will come to his senses and realize Sherlock is the reason his life is in shambles.
“I have these terrible thoughts,” John rasps, throat stinging. He struggles to get out the words to make Sherlock understand. “But the wolf doesn’t put them there, it just brings them into focus. Did you know, sometimes, when you’re pissing me off or ignoring me or taking me for granted, I’ve imagined what it would be like if I cheated on you, to teach you a lesson, to see your reaction. To hurt you.”
Hands delved under her dress and pulled down her soaked knickers, just enough for Sherlock’s hand to slip inside. At the first touch of delicate fingers, John nearly cried out, biting her own arm as all her joints went weak. The hand cupped her as they shuffled forward, letting John collapse to her elbows against the wall, biting her forearm as she circled her hips desperately, mindlessly. Even that small movement was enough to ignite sparks in her vision, the friction of Sherlock’s hand and the slickness of her labia combining deliciously against her clit.
Rather than follow right away, Sherlock pauses in front of a photo and gives John a significant look. Brow furrowed, John glances at the photo as Sherlock follows their host, trying to determine what is so important in a photo of Amberley holding a prize for a skeet shooting competition.
“Figured it out yet?” John teases as he laces his trainers, gazing up at Sherlock, who is pulling on a nondescript white t-shirt.
Lestrade is silent for a long moment, but when Sherlock glances at him he appears to be thinking, so Sherlock waits. It can be a slow process, he’s learned. “You should talk to John about it, but…sometimes when people are anxious or stressed they need some alone time. People cope in different ways.”
“I’m not any good,” John warned as Sherlock slipped around her to press up against her back again, freeing her to work on her second beer which was in danger of being spilled with all the jostling.
“Of course there was! It’s always a bloody case and you drop everything else. I get it, I’ve always known where your priorities lie, but I really thought –”
A few songs later, Sherlock pulled away, and John watched her turn to accept two drinks from someone behind her, passing one to John and clinking their glasses together. With a quirk of the eyebrow and a tug of the lips, Sherlock took several deep pulls from her drink. John copied her, the taste of rum strong in the back of her throat.
In his panic, he had not noticed when the other villagers had begun to fall to their knees like the soldier.
He didn't notice the eerie silence that descended on the scene until moments later. When he looked up, everyone was staring at Sherlock, who was staring at him.
A ring of dust had been left to accumulate around the borders of the floor for several years now. Not having been allowed to be cleared away by the servants under strict instruction. It had grown so thick over time, that it was reminiscent of a seance circle, though it lacked the benefit of protection against evil.
John laughed at Sherlock's intense observation, which was abruptly turned into a cracking gasp as Sherlock's broad hand encircled him firmly again, wetted by a lick, and gave it a cursory stroke to keep it hungry. From then on, Sherlock moved as if this were a wholly new creature in the realm of discovery. Like he'd been starved at the sight of another man's cock. His kaleidoscope eyes never leaving that spot as he explored the area surrounding it with fingertips and resolute presses of his mouth.
The story that followed nearly dropped John to his knees: A body had been recently found that had been torn indescrimanently apart in an alley way on Gloucester, the road where they'd found the first body. An identification card reading John H. Watson had been found in the corpse's back left pocket. John's real ID card, as it turned out, which had been nicked from his bedside drawer. The man'd been of a similar height. A similar build to John. He was wearing what was positively identified as being the same outfit John'd worn to the crime scene two days prior. So, by all accounts, the body found mutilated would have /been/ John Watson, had he not currently been taking the phone call.
But instead, John found his unused hand starfished against his chest, sliding of its own volition over his pecs and stopping to pinch the hard flesh of his nipples into peaks. He envied Sherlock's sensitivity here. Remembering the way his whole torso had lifted from the bed when John had sucked them. The very thought made John shiver in the midst of pelting warmth.
And just like that, the three men were left alone, allowing the silence to creep and fill into every space that was left in this pitiless room. John was helpless, Sherlock was helpless, and the High Steward was inordinately pleased to have brought both men so low in one single morning.
"That's where we've lucked out, see, Gregson doesn't like coming to the morgue." Lestrade answered. "Prefers to let the lab techs do this side of his work; he's old fashioned like that. So I thought you two could come here and help me out. Scratch my back and I'll keep you in evidence sort of thing. Gregson gets what he wants, I get what I want, and the process can move a bit quicker with your help. Everybody wins and then we can go out for pints."
He was swanning off towards the bar, giving his hips the slightest of damnable sways in either an effort of character or simply to raise John's hackles. Whichever, John thought it a bit more flamboyant than truly necessary, even if it did make his pert arse look fantastic in those trousers.
But security around the Forest was endlessly vigilant. Much to his dismay, two guards had been stationed at each campfire and while one slept or cooked or wandered off to take a piss, the second took their place and saw everything.
"What's a Sebastop-- oh no! The goose? I'm not going in there, that thing's evil! If you remember, it tried to attack me."
But instead John opened his eyes. HAVING to see and confirm that what he was feeling was really /truly/ happening. So he lifted his aching, unencumbered shoulder as far as he could to sweep the curling fringe back from Sherlock's forehead, squeezing his other hand gently to cause Sherlock to look up beneath dark brows as he felt the end coming.
"Ones that the government doesn't want the commonwealth finding out about." He whispered conspiratorially.
The gauze from last night that had been wrapped around his head was gone, his mop of dark curls lying perfectly on his head like there was no injury to speak of at all. Sherlock shifted on his ankles under his scrutiny, "I minimized the bandaging to a more appropriate size. I can't go around London looking like a mummy, John. I have a reputation to keep." His light eyes were pleading. It wasn't what he wanted to discuss right now. "Will you come with me?"
Sherlock finally stammered out of his rigid contemplation when John brought up a question while Ygritte was laying out all the necessary equipment on the tray next to John's seat.
"It's not as if any of it is a threat to you." Sherlock tried, waving his hand at the (to him) completely harmless discs languishing quietly in the kitchen. "Your immune system's not compromised in any way and they're almost entirely innocuous. And despite your concerns, I'll take all necessary precautions to keep accidents from happening." When John's shoulders didn't come down from their tight posture in his periphery, Sherlock finally turned fully to observe him. It also helped that an advertisement had flashed up on the screen simultaneously and severed his focus. "Does it really make you that uncomfortable?"
Sherlock took on this new train of thought with a quick and significant shuffle of his eyes. "He's trying to get our attention. This isn't about love, this is about a declaration. He murders his victims in places where there is a low chance for witnesses, yet does so with the intention of having his victims ostentatiously found.
He stared at the unmade bed with its pile of Lestrade's shed clothes and felt like an utter tit. How long had he actually been alone?
"I already have." William's words had been soft and sobering. Unwilling to be swayed. "This is for the best, John. If you love me then you will find it in yourself to know it. I will have a partner I can take into the village now. Be seen with without recourse. I will not have to hide and lie about it. I will not have my name disgraced by my actions. Our children, when we choose to have them, will not be made out of wedlock. Do you understand John? I love you and I always will, but my decision is made. I'm to be wed this time tomorrow."
Sherlock took a deep breath, reaching out through a broken out piece of glass to pluck a soft white feather from the sill. He twirled the delicate thing back and forth in his long fingers as he recounted the tale.
Beside the bed on the floor was a tapestry that had been taken down. Its absence from the wall left a large naked space above the bed.
By all accounts, he shouldn't have been in such a nice mood. But he found he couldn't help himself. He was glad to be home again. Glad to have things back as they should be. Glad to be alive. And that overshadowed all the rest.
another little piece of the journey. and i'm sorry for the cliffhanger. I owe you all a thousand thanks. <3 (and an ending before season 4...god willing.) :D
Sherlock turned his chin to look at the ceiling, his hand releasing John's shoulder as if it didn't deserve to be there. "It's not going to work."
"No problem at all." John nodded and sipped at his drink, feeling it necessary to be conversational. "So, any particular reason why a straight man's at a gay bar this time of night? Bit of a posh place just to get pissed, if I can be honest."
He had just blinked blindly at the threadbare chair placed in the center of the sitting room, lit by a hazy shape of sunlight that wasn't meant to be indoors. The antimacassar placed impeccably at its center. The finely webbed threads burnt brown with time. Almost skeletal.
There was but an inch of space between them for either man to lean into, but it was a testament to both their fears that neither of them did.
But the only time there'd ever been the want of having a lover, had been in a time and place that made it impossible.
Breaking into his reverie, there came a little hum from the back of the room and the soft slide of parchment across a box. Sherlock was taking steps towards him by the time John had opened it.
Lestrade ignored his pomposity casually. "Once I get back to the office I can, but in the meantime, there's a forensics team onsite gathering what evidence they can before they have to open it back up. They had to shut down the power to get him off it. From what they told me, he was stuck to it. Luckily though, there's not likely to be any delays for the morning commuters, so that's good."
"Cheers." John subsided and unwrapped the sandwich. He was honestly too hungry to care. "So is this a special occasion, or what?"
The moment they entered St. Bartholomew's Hospital, they became 'Sherlock & Watson: Consulting Detective and Doctor' and no one was any the wiser. John was glad that they had become easy enough roles to slip into.
John frowned at the ashes still flecking the bottom of his, but figured that having it returned to its rightful place was enough in light of recent events. He put it in the sink to wash later.
He'd been trying half-heartedly to tidy up the flat a bit, but he kept becoming distracted by the barrier between them.
John waited and waited in the heavy silence. Blotting himself dry as best he could and toweling his hair enough to keep it from dripping while he impossibly waited some more.
"Of course you do." William had stepped forward then, his long arms encircling John and pulling him close, careful not to upset the wounds still tender on his back. Unable to maintain a distance.
Sherlock took a seat in front of the plate of food, to which John made sure be more fully captivating by setting down a steeping cup of tea next to it and prompted idle talk of 'the Work'. "So? Got any theories on why Gregson didn't come with Donovan to pick up Sipe? I would have thought he'd want to bring his man in himself."
Beginning on Sherlock's riotous mess of perfectly laid curls, the ones that crowned the wing-like blades of his sharp, hunched shoulders, which in turn, rose delicately out from the smooth plain of his elongated back, terminating into the apple shape of his buttocks and wondered how the hell he'd gotten to this moment in time. In this place. With /this/ man.
"And how is she supposed to learn if not from books?" At first, it felt strange to speak to Sherlock in such a dissenting way, but the Prince seemed to relish in it, for he took John by the shoulder to speak to him. Like an old friend.
Taking his cue from the High Steward, John remained absolutely silent as he followed him up the endlessly turning stairs. He counted the turns in his head (to occupy himself more than anything) one wall torch to each level of the tower. Each one leading him closer.
But instead, he buried his face further into his upturned collar and raised his middle finger in high salute, trudging away down the street and off into the welcome arms of the night. Preferring never to have heard the name Sherlock Holmes.
Dark deeds were being done in dark corners and it was all so much John hadn't realized he'd stopped to parse it all until he'd lost sight of Sherlock in the throng.
He made to disappear, then thought better of it. "Or, better yet, volunteer yourself as an outlet for John so that he may discuss his football ...fixation with someone. God knows why he would require something so tedious in his life when he's got me, but it would be better than him talking AT ME about it whenever he feels it necessary. Do that instead." There was a smear of blood on his goggles from where he'd absently pushed back his hair, his eyes as bright as hellfire. "But nevermind that now. Come inside the both of you. There's something you need to see."
John pressed the curve of his foot more solidly against Sherlock's, swallowed the last of his last drink and slowly stood, having all the pieces he needed to now put Sherlock's past romantic life together and venture forward in their own attempt. Make it better. When Sherlock finally looked up, his gaze was raw crystal.
"So?" Sherlock turned to face out with his strange drink behind him, leaning back on the bar with his elbows, and thrusting his pelvis out a little too invitationally. John found himself leaning closer, feeling the overwhelming need to claim the territory of those hips as his. Just as he had Sherlock's bum earlier.
John's movements were quick, his eyes kept closed as he pulled open his bedside stand, groped, and produced a down-turned photo from beneath his Browning. He held it towards Sherlock with his head tilted away, as if he were afraid to see it. His face already devastated.
They had been sketched looking down upon the High Steward in a way that John had never seen them look in any of the brief moments he had seen these two men together.
From this day hence he is to serve as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard to Prince Sherlock Holmes at Castle Appledore. In any and all manners required of him until death or King's decree does release him."
Sherlock keened, high and hard, as John stalled him in a hovering position yet again, gasping and panting. "Did you take something else? I need to know. Anything besides the Viagra?" John asked.
"Don't hurt it! It's for a case!" John just barely heard Sherlock from the bottom of the stairs and physically roaring, managed to pull the door shut just as it cam upon him.
His silk shirt was practically painted onto his thin frame, his trousers sticking to every curve and bump. His hair was a wet mop atop his head, giving him the appearance of a six-foot drowned cat. And it was precisely that visage that had John twisting out of Lestrade's grasp, handing him Sherlock's stuff, and about to tread deeper into the muck when some younger and more intrepid Yarders beat him to it.
Even Mycroft is feeling the overwhelming press of so many people. He had trained himself to be used to flow of London’s magic, but New York has it’s own manic presence and in an international airport his senses are assaulted by magicks from all over the planet. He ends up having to concentrate his focus on John, whose magic is gentle and purifying and doesn’t flare his seer abilities.
“It’s a competitive market,” he shrugged. “You can get dressed,” he gestured to the clothing folded in the corner, “while I’m certain you are quite good at your job, I have no interest in your personal brand of pleasure. Considering our conversation this morning, I can’t decide if Jim was trying to insult me, or just being funny.”
Unfortunately, there was not much to go on. The serial killer had yet to make a mistake, but Sherlock knew he would. The brilliant ones always wanted to get caught.
It was perhaps an hour of taping later when Molly came in. She had an outrageously long scarf wrapped around her neck and a canvas bag on her shoulder - heading home then. “Do you need anything?” she asked in her usual soft tone.
Hamish finished his biscuit to hide his worry. A surprise? He opened the door with some trepidation.
They take the EW line to Raffles Place, the stairs lead up to a glass pyramid that takes them onto a greenway surrounded by massive buildings. “Whoa,” John finds himself saying again, looking up at the mass of looming buildings.
The chance to prove himself came a week later. Moriarty rarely concerned himself with the ‘boring’ crimes, but he had a fierce dislike of crime lords trying to move into his territory.
They have to abandon the cougar at the start of a cave system, around 50 kilometers from the initial ambush.
They stop at the same building as before and Major Barrymore is standing out front. He has his arms crossed in front of his chest and looks rather unimpressed with whole affair. “Mr. Holmes,” he greets, flatly.
Sherlock must have been worn out because there was little he could do to stop the stiffing of his shoulders. “I don’t have a mate, of course I wouldn’t have a Vision.”
An older woman answers the door with a “You must DI Lestrade.” She introduces herself as ‘Mrs. Hudson, I’m the landlady, dear, not the housekeeper.’ She has a dark mark on her hand from a broken bond, her connection curls jagged around her arm like black barbwire, but she has a warm orange strand that disappears upstairs, and Lestrade’s pretty sure she’s less landlady and more Sherlock’s adopted mother.
John had darted quickly behind a pillar when he heard the exclamation. Even older and much deeper, he would recognize Sherlock’s voice. He must be eighteen now, it’s so strange to see the skinny youth from before has now turned into a lanky teen.
Sherlock sighs,”Fine, fine.” He taps out Mycroft’s number and tosses the phone on the counter. The phone rings twice before picking up with a click.
John stared at her in surprise. Helios showing off by spreading her wings wasn’t a surprise, but John hadn’t seen her speak to another daemon since the night she settled. It had been one of the problems that made getting into Med School so hard.
Dr. Franklin gives him a curious look, taking in his feverish eyes and terrible pallor. “No, I suppose you don’t.” He seems unconcerned about the gun. “I’m sorry Mr. Holmes,” he shakes his head, “I don’t have a cure. It seems we are both men without time.”
“You wouldn’t be able to,” Mycroft growls, securing the bag over his shoulders. He’s clearly protective of the thing, John wonders why.
The first bottle contains a concentrated belladonna tincture, a single drop would cause tachycardia, convulsions,  hallucinations, and, finally, death. He adds 3 measured drops to the paste.
John slips the other ring on, feeling the warmth of it against his skin. “Kandahar, but how could you know that?” he asks and grins.
I just added some new art of Young Mycroft and Mycroft's Pocketwatch done by the amazing Tartha. They definitely made my day, it was a wonderful surprise.
Sherlock snatches up the ticket, reading it rapidly before giving John a beaming smile. “Very good John.”
John hits the ground screaming. He tries to bat out the black flames devouring his shoulder, but his hands singe on contact. He lashes out, fighting when strong hands hold him down.
Sherlock takes her hand in a quick shake, all he needs to feel the callouses along her thumb and pointer fingers, and how dry her hands are despite the lingering scent of lotion. “Though I have to admit, you don’t strike me as the sort to unleash a Golem on London.”
He only notices John because of the sharp tug at the back of his mind. There is a large cage in the middle of the lab that he remembers from their tour earlier. He can just barely make out John curled in the center of the cage with his jacket tied around his arm, he’s been bitten. The knowledge that the poison currently blackening his own mark is now affecting John, burns through him.
“You looked like you were having a heart attack,” he pauses, “or a possession.” John steps further back letting his wings curl around his shoulders like a blanket.
He tries to run from it, to burrow into the darkness of his mind, but it’s useless. He opens his eyes to light that is too bright, sharp pinpricks dig into his eyes. He groans, turning his head to try and hide from the light.
Sherlock scowled. “While I don’t doubt the incompetency of the government, Mycroft, I would think you could gather a bit more than that.”
The Irish HQ is much smaller than the main London office, but it is still filled with people. Agents move up and down the halls, summoned demons trailing their steps, though they make a wide berth of Smith, whose second shadow still lingers.
“Exactly,” Mycroft agrees. “To cast a successful water seal the castor must be strong enough to control not only the water but also the entity. For a pond with a sprite it would not take much power at all, but with a pond you would not be able to do much more than splash passerbys. This makes water seals essentially useless.” Mycroft flips the page in the book to another illustration. This one of a crocodile emerging onto shore, a rather massive one judging by the tiny people drawn around it. The inscription reads, ‘Guardian of the Nile.’
I've always wanted to write wingfic, but this story was not at all what I expected to happen. This is a surprisingly accurate reflection of my time in Iraq, not counting the magical realism of course. The RPG that took out our blood fridge really did burst 30 units and created what looked like a slasher film, but no one was injured.
The barman slid John's comparatively ordinary drink into his hand and John took a sip, immediately followed by another as he realized how good it actually tasted. But he was interrupted from truly indulging in it.
Charles would bite harshly at his lips with a hot iron tongue. Choking him with hot gore. And then bear him down upon his back right there where they stood. Sprawling them both over Mycroft's broken corpse.
Sherlock worked down and around. Lingering. Studying. The accompanying small hand against his face finally having no choice but to pull Sherlock back to task when he stayed for far too long licking between the subtle topography of John's serratus anterior and latissimus dorsi. Because - much to Sherlock's dismissal - supposedly he was doing nothing but 'tickling the shit' out of John's armpit.
Sherlock always awoke abruptly at this point. Gasping for breath with sweat on his brow. Every time aware that he had just barely escaped a vision of something even more monstrous about to happen to his person, but not willing to imagine what it might have been. Always waking up before so that he could never see. Vowing that he would never sleep again. Succeeding until he simply couldn't. And the cycle would start anew.
Sherlock brought the thing up to his eye, then glanced at John and bent his knees a bit to match height with John. He pointed it out the window.
During his final hour, Sherlock turns to John. His lips pulled in. A great sadness coming over his brutalized face. "I must apologize to you John. For the confession I am about to make," he takes a deep breath, "but i'm afraid you've been poisoned.
"If you're quite finished talking about me, could you lay out his suit please John?" Sherlock's deep voice was heavy in the silence. He had two fingers and a thumb pulling the man's limp tongue out from his pried-open jaw and holding it out of the way as he probed two fingers inside. A rather outlandish scene if it hadn't been so commonplace. "Lestrade, Molly, look at this." He was pointing to the milky white residue smeared beneath his tongue.
He contemplated the tragedy of it, the sudden prodigy of the very concept. How utterly amazing and totally terrifying it could be. How unthinkable and natural and very truly completely dangerous...but was it true? Had that really just become a possibili--?
John noticed that the boy was looking at him almost seductively, as if he saw something in John that John was finding hard pressed to figure out for himself. He'd seen enough young men back in his Army days with daddy issues and sexual identity crises that he decided right then and there that whatever the boy's intent, it was completely misplaced. A gentle dismissal, should he approach, was already percolating in his mind.
Mycroft smiled dangerously in agreement. "Lucky for you, I see nothing glaring which should preclude you from pursuing your mutual interests. I have made the documents available to Sherlock, of course, should he wish to confirm any suspicions. I hope that is not an inconvenience."
He'd had his share flings, one night stands, relationships that fizzled, marital prospects that ceased before commitment. The numbers were less than people usually thought, but he let them think whatever. Once he'd been given the nickname 'Three Continents Watson',  there was little he could do to dissuade it.
Had Sherlock even been in a sexual relationship? John's guts told him no, but he felt it necessary to sit the man down and get it all hashed out beforehand. Maybe they'd have a cuppa and a serious conversation when they got back to the flat, but there was the distinct possibility that Sherlock wouldn't want to talk about anything now that they had a case going on. In fact, that was the most likely scenario. Which was good, John supposed. That gave him time to think about it, get used to the idea that this could even happen. Let him think about what he wanted to say and ask about and know.
"Greg." John acknowledged as he ground to a halt in front of him. He felt incredibly more able to handle this now that he'd had his little sojourn to think about it. He was even quite impressed with how calm his voice came out.
The tunic was long and form fitting, hugging his every curve before flaring at his hips like a gown and it did not end until it reached his booted ankles. It was edged in the same gold border as the sash bound around his slim waist and seemed to give a barrier to the intricate pattern of small golden basilisks that were embroidered by the finest hand throughout the fabric.
"Huh." Was all John could manage. He was flayed, absolutely truly exposed clear down to a feeling akin to having had his /bones/ opened up to have his marrow be read by a soothsayer.
The threat of sick remained floating in his stomach, always. Perturbable in its timing, rearing up just as he would get comfortable. John had half a mind to stick his finger down his throat and be done with it, and even the very thought of it snapped his shoulders forward and made him gag. But nothing came up.
By the time they drew up to the base of the cliff, they had lost sight of the castle completely, so sheer was the rock face. This was as close as Baker Town came to Appledore.
"There's what?" John asked, screwing down his panic and pressing his fingers back into Sherlock's throat.
He paused at the door, turning to Sherlock's bowed head. "Your brother will be glad to hear that you are on the mend."
Sherlock squirmed under such tender scrutiny. "There are many who blamed me," he whispered. "They said I was a witch."
With some trepidation, he described how had met Moran at the edge of his village, in a state far more sober than he wished to have been, and admitted now to Sherlock alone as to his having had absolutely no plan whatsoever as to what he was going to do.
The first cautious breach had John releasing a strangled groan and quickly realizing that Sherlock was starting out with /two/ fingers. He was even more surprised by the fact that without much effort that taut little muscle was  welcoming them at once, as he had apparently already loosened it considerably in the shower.
Lestrade simultaneously became distracted by something and fished his phone from his pocket, ignoring the growing rumble of the media behind them. Some were beginning to ask ignored questions their way, crowding in like a wolf pack on their prey. Smelling blood in the air.
"So please understand that all this," he tipped his head at his sleeping cock, "is not meant to be taken as a reflection of you or your efforts at arousing me. It's unwillingness to cooperate is merely a part of my general ...dysfunction. So please continue believing that your powers of seduction remain safely untarnished, 'Three Continents Watson'."
And now, by some twisted stroke of fate, he was to return there to live. To work as a Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard (whatever that meant) for a Holmes family member whom he'd never even heard of at King Mycroft's direct request.
Snatching it up, John smirked and stuffed it into his mouth, immediately finding the crumbly thing a little less lovely at room temperature, but he swallowed it forcefully anyway. "After my shower, maybe I'll think about it." John teased, "can't spend ALL day painted in my own spunk."
John's breath bellows from his chest as Sherlock sets up a firm rhythm. Moans and growls pouring from John's mouth with each upstroke and when Sherlock finally adds the tandem movement from his hips, John is lost.
Slowly, he noticed that Sherlock's finger had stopped plotting Fibonacci's ratio to precisely dip into the small sinkhole that made up the exit wound in the back of his shoulder, worrying it gently. Sherlock's heart thumped a hair faster as John realized that Sherlock had realized that he'd been caught out. John closed his eyes.
"You're joking right?" John swallowed hard and reread the smirk that sparkled in Sherlock's eye, seeing what was there. "You're having me on."
John was panting somewhere above him now, eyes closed, head thrown back. His hand was tunneled through Sherlock's hair, clenching and flexing, but splaying loose in an attempt to not hurt him. And all of it solicited orally by Sherlock's heuristic personality, making Sherlock smirk.
"John." Henry had stated simply, opening the door before the servant could do it. His tone had been the clear statement of someone who couldn't believe he was really standing there in the flesh.
A stunned silence follows, before she throws up her chin in offense and goes stomping up the stares all the same. John flashes Sherlock a look.
John listens to them for a while. Falling into their rhythm before giving a necessary squeeze to Sherlock's fingers, an appreciative smile to the cosmos, and slips off to sleep on caramelized bones with the love of his life pressed in closely.
John watched his narrow arse round the edge of the mattress, heading towards his bureau. When he tried to move himself, his skin felt shellacked and his limbs leaden. "Could you get me a towel? I can't get up." His legs still seemed to be trembling.
"Snooping." Sherlock admitted kindly, purposely mixing balled up socks across the invisible divide into the underwear side for the hell of it. "I've just made you ejaculate without even touching your penis and subsequently go unconscious; correctly predicting the outcome of my experiment. So I believe I've earned the right."
"I'll not be wearing those today." John said offhandedly, a little breathless as he tried another go at stabbing his foot into his loose shoe unsuccessfully. He'd spent most of his risen hour trying to get his hose on, and that had used up all the flexibility his back was willing to give him today. "Lord Sherlock has requested it."
John heard Sherlock mutter a, "hm? oh yes," in distracted confirmation and closed the door behind him, which, after some consideration, wasn't nearly as infested as John had feared. Sure, the light switch had been wired onto a bypassable timer, a digital hygrometer had been brutally mounted to the wall beside it, the window had been sealed over with plastic, and the humidity in the air was thick enough that John had a hard time taking a full breath, but the plants themselves seemed to bring an almost alien, terrestrial beauty to a room that had otherwise been hermetically boring.
The High Steward hesitated for a minute, before flicking the key back out and unlocking it, leaving the bolt for John.
Suddenly, Miles' stunning smile slashed through John's memory and to know that that particular beauty might not be seen again for a very long time seemed to suck the air from the room. "Oh Jesus. Jesus!" Barring countless surgeries and months to years of physical therapy, this man would probably be crippled for life. John felt instantly nauseous. He'd made this happen. This man's life had been ruined because of John.
Did John just say that he was ...extraordinary? How could that be? He was rude. He was arrogant. A spoilt, selfish, and cowardly craven. These were the things that Sherlock was. Not extraordinary. Surely not.
But Sherlock did not. His fucking only became more desperate, his head shaking in denial and he continued to pound himself down onto John's hard prick. Like a punishment. Driving his lithe body up and down, up and down like some sort of manic organic mechanacian. Frantic and desperate, to the point where it was almost unpleasant. And from the awful grimace painting his face and the terrible sounds hiding in his closed mouth, John had had enough.
It was a long cylinder of wood that, to John's surprise, slipped out to reveal a smaller cylinder inside of it, making it grow longer. The whole apparatus slowly graduated in size until it came to an end with a rounded piece of glass.
John's mind had raced as he tried to recognize this man. To know why he was here and weeping at his feet. He tried to understand what was going on and why these people were regarding him this way. He was a nobody. He was nothing. He was one of them and one among them. Or he had been. He was. . .
John set out their nice tea set, admired his roaring fire, and heard the kettle boil just as the doorbell downstairs rang.
When the kettle clicked off, he pulled out a mug for Sherlock and made it to his liking. He knocked on the door again, not even sure if he was really in there as there was absolutely no sound. The man could've not even come back here and just left is bedside lamp on for all John knew.
"Sorry, who?" Sherlock lifted his cold coffee to meet it, blinking at him with his eyebrows furrowed.
"Of course I am." He says finally, but still doesn't understand when Sherlock refuses to meet his eyes.
"We don't." Sherlock growls playfully and the rumble in his voice is so deep it drops straight into John's groin and goes molten.
He imagined those butterfly-shaped hips sweeping back and forth with such measured precision, reading his want perfectly, and John taking him firmly by his buttocks from behind and pulling them closer still. Wanting more. /Needing/ more.
"And it should be fairly obvious that we will not be engaging in sexual intercourse while this or any case is on."
Anderson, when they'd arrived, had been flapping about on the road, talking flamboyantly into his mobile. He must not have seen Sherlock and John exit the vehicle, or he would have been at them like an angry wasp by now.
Sherlock had already thought of all this seven hours ago and couldn't help his irritation at John considering old ideas. "Mr. Asano performs twice daily checks to each individual aquarium, he certainly would have noticed if it had been on the floor. And I doubt our client would be moronic enough as to put it in an aquarium without a lid, John."
"Yes. Thank you." Sherlock finally snapped upright from the couch, moving to usher her out the door physically, to both John and Mrs. Hudson's surprise. "You've concluded your business. Go. Please. Now." And shut the door behind her retreating form as she bid them goodnight.
There was a frightened cry and Mrs. Hudson grasped at her breast in alarm. Her other marigold-gloved fist clutching at the curtain she'd just pulled back, before she realized what had spooked her. "Oh John!" She chided and her sweet face melted into a grin as she laughed at herself. "You startled me! I thought you were a pile of laundry! I just came up here to do a bit of the washing up. I didn't think anyone was still here."
"Yes." Sherlock was picking up on John's hints and he swallowed down a sudden excess of saliva flooding his mouth. The butterflies were back again and he wanted to push forward at the same time he wanted to pull away.
"I did indeed." A mischievous grin peeled its way across his face as Sherlock sucked the grease off long, thin fingers one by tantalizing one. John had to swallow down the baying voice inside him that wanted to offer to take care of that for him. And not with a napkin.
"Physician's apprentice actually." Sherlock confessed with distaste. "But she's the best of the whole lot, if I'm to be honest." He walked until he was between John and the door now, the terrible humour having left him for the more kindly manner that John was accustomed to. His shard-like eyes were soft again. "But she has a lot yet to learn and it would do her well to use her eyes, instead of putting her trust into old books."
He would no longer be a serf. He would be a freeman with a large purse of money. Enough money to pay off the debts of Harriet and Clara and make them free as well.
After thorough perusal, he brushed his fingertips decidedly over the bottle of eighteen year old Chivas Regal Scotch whiskey Sherlock had received from a client as a gift long before John had lived here. He took it up and cracked the seal with a heavy sense of satisfaction. It would do nicely.
"Goodness Billy, were they all like this?" She asks when John fails to reciprocate in the conversation.
At his feet sat a white-headed tawny bulldog on a lead; the dead giveaway (if you were looking) to the secret private entrance to The Jolly Bulldog, apparently. The dog's only acknowledgement of the men was a slight hiccup in its smoking snuffle and the slight readjustment of its in-turned feet. Not the happy greeting one might expect from their mascot. "Hardly seems jolly." John muttered to himself and smiled closed-mouth at the severe looking man, not able to shake his giddiness.
So shattering that John couldn't keep himself from falling right into the plushness of that slack mouth curled around sharp teeth. Those ice-coloured eyes boring into him while that hot silken tongue worked him towards devastating completion.
Gregory's hand on Mycroft's shoulder had put a hairline crack in the King's impressively quiet vexation, making Mycroft see the vulnerability with which Sherlock was imploring him, instead of the red wash of his anger.
John looked at the temp and assessed the man. He HAD sat patiently under John's administrations, despite there being a corpse /right/ outside the door just waiting to be disseminated. And he had stopped shivering and looked more like a human with the blood returned to skin level. "I suppose it'll have to do." He sighed and could barely get out of the way before Sherlock was brushing past him, taking only the briefest of moments to press a kiss to John's hair.
He snapped awake. Disoriented. Wondering what had brought him here. "Was I just snoring?" There was a disheveled detective lying beside him, watching him very closely with pale, gravitational eyes. John felt incredibly tired and incredibly relaxed.
"Right. Jesus Christ. You told me that." John replied huskily, panting as well. He leaned up from the counter and observed the harsh red line the corner of the counter had pressed across his palm. The shock from warm to cold as Sherlock stepped back was enough to break whatever spell had come over them.
"Yes!" John pants, watching as nimble hands work his underwear down over his thighs. Cool air sweeps across his groin and he gasps at the difference in temperature on his blood-hot prick. Then Sherlock is working his way down on his elbows, lips smearing down John's belly until his shins are hanging off the end of the bed and in one move he's swallowing John down to the absolute root.
They kissed. Sherlock's hands scooped around to the back of John's shoulder while the grip on Sherlock's rib cage became stronger, possessive.
"This is what I get then? Three days of silence and then you throwing yourself at me like this?" John spoke a long time later. After their heartbeats had dimmed. After their blood had cooled. After Sherlock had stopped trembling. The spunk painting their bellies and fingers and lips had dried into a thin, salty crust. The blanket swaddled them together.
"Everything." Sherlock said gently, speaking on all the pain, all the heartbreak, all the ruin that he didn't even know was ample in John's life up until this point. "Everything you've ever done, is what you did."
William had stayed with John throughout his convalescence, provided any and all of what Harriet and Clara had needed from him, and yet he still felt he owed John. "What could you owe me?"
The condemned man was struck in the face by a rotten lettuce head (which exploded into a shower of soggy leaves) just before a small stone caught him across the forehead and made him cry out. Shrill and sharp. Opening a large gash in his brow.
"There are rumours that it can consume a whole tree in a matter of minutes," the High Steward continued on unprompted. "And that it is able to burn through an entire acre in one night to keep these chambers warm in the dead of winter."
Ten times over the course of the next six years they took their plea for marriage to the Lady of the Manor. And each and every time she refused them.
John watched her go, her little feather flapping on her hat. Their trolley was sufficiently full now, with enough food to last between the two of them - and occasionally the third - for a good two and a half weeks. He was thoroughly puzzled at her departure, until his eyes caught what they'd stopped in front of.
And despite the way he tried to hold onto it, each time he stopped, each time he was declined, the hope in John's chest that he would be able to accomplish this impossible task wicked away as quickly as the rain stole the heat from his body.
Inexplicably, a memory floated into the forefront of John's thoughts, Sherlock's voice repeating a comment he'd muttered while they'd been sitting in Dr. Sipe's waiting room about redheads requiring double the anaesthesia dosage of other people. The profundity of the idea, the sheer randomness of its recollection, made John smirk which in turn caused the young man to finally turn away.
"Yeah..." He remembered the moment quite vividly actually, sitting in the cab on the way back from the lab, Sherlock having just had the epiphany of the questionable death of the child, all based on the Sussex mud caked onto one of the trainer's soles. It had rather stuck in his mind.
Further study had shown the locked room the girls had been kept in, thin blankets for bedding and a bucket for a bathroom. There had been a little flap under the door for food.
. There are three of them as well, one to corral each girl apparently, though marks in the kitchen show the place is usually much more busy. Moriarty must have wanted these three the most.
The shot must hit true, because the heat disperses. Balor roars, cursing them in demonic as the light tears him apart from the inside out. A white glow starts in his third eye, working outward in fine cracks along his body. He claws at his head, scoring great gouges as he tried to claw the holy magic out of him.
They reach the University after about thirty minutes of walking, Mycroft having need of the rental car for the day. It’s uncomfortably hot and he can feel the itchy slide of sweat down his back. “I hate this state,” Greg complains as they slip through the doors. Luckily the air conditioning is on full blast. The whole building is actually just shy of freezing, it’s glorious.
“I’m sure,” John states, holding strong. After having three classes with the professor he is aware of her teaching methods. She is very fair, but has a habit of slipping questions that haven’t been covered in tests and quizzes just to see their response.
Lestrade resists the urge to grimace at his phone. He had explained the happenings to Mycroft and the ensuing conversation and the shear force of the emotions coming across the bond is giving him a headache.
John leans against the jeep’s passenger door, still feeling wrung out. He hasn’t felt this weak since he got shot, but he is enjoying watching Sherlock do all the work loading the boot.
In the following hours John quickly deteriorated, developing a high fever, chills, and nausea. Sherlock flits around him, mostly useless. He brings cold water and cups filled with ice chips. He is starting to develop a low grade fever himself, but his symptoms are mild compared to John, who is confined to the bed and can hardly  be bothered to keep his eyes open.
Mycroft moved through the twisting halls of the biggest hospital in London. In a very secluded area on the fourth floor, there was a section labeled Storage. It was in fact, the location of MI5’s personal doctors.
Thankfully, the room on the right was not shared by Moriarty and was nicely sized. He spent a week trying to stop tensing his shoulders every time he entered the building. There were no dangerous meetings or assassinations. In fact, the only time he saw Moriarty that week was when the man dragged him along to a suit fitting. Hamish was now the owner of his very own Westwood.
“I can’t,” Sherlock says, and it is the truth. He can feel the bond through his aching head, can even send his pain and fear across the cord, but he can’t send words. He feels John’s desperation on the other end, but it is like there is a wall forced between them.
The next week brought an email from an old school acquaintance. Sebastian Wilkes had gone far since school, becoming head of the largest bank in London.
Moriarty and Sherlock are giving them both a stunned sort of look. “John,” Sherlock interrupts, looking rather jealous for a man bleeding all over the concrete.
“Let me buy you a cuppa,” Greg blurts before his brain and mouth can have a good talk about impulses.
A great beast bursts from the depths. It has a man-shaped form, but its limbs are emaciated, all bone and scaled skin. The creature has a head like a goat, with slick fur and curled horns. It’s mouth gaping in a piercing screech.
Stalagmites litter the floor, rising up like spears. Something dark and smelling like rot, oozes between the pillars. John inches around the edge of the cave, keeping his shield out in front of him.
“You can,” Moran agreed, taking a seat. He’s dressed in cargo pants and a pale blue jumper. He looked so different out of his suit that John realized Moran was much younger than he originally guessed.
“Some sort of security consultant for a big corporation, he’s got a bunch of young recruits scurrying about. He says it reminds him of basic, but the food and pay are much better,” Murray laughs.
“Unfortunately,” she nods, “our trackers scoured the stations, but the creature is long gone. We were able to identify its origins, however.”
“Look at him John, it’s hardly a leap,” Sherlock commented, apparently recovered from his earlier shock. “He was a doctor, a trained surgeon, you can see the marks of the scalpel on his index finger. Yet he left that job to become a soldier, the skill of his shots say he entered as a sniper, not a doctor. He has already proven his skill in deduction and yesterday he showed a fondness and familiarity with my violin. It is highly improbable, but not impossible.”
Sherlock’s response is cut off by a blinding pain that starts in the back of his brain and shoots down his bond arm. “John,” he gasps.
Hamish started noticing the CCTV cameras turning in his direction, but he wasn’t worried. The Irene incident had not happened yet, Mycroft was hardly about to pick him up off the street.
Sherlock enjoys the rarity even if his dumb classmates make fun of him for it. “You have to settle as something unique Hyperion, we can’t be dull like Mark,” Sherlock scowled. Mark was one of the boy’s in his class. His daemon had settled as a pigeon earlier in the week, dull, dull, dull!
The snarls have dropped to irritable growls, as the hound realizes that -for now- it’s prey is out reach. It circles the cage, back hunched and paws surprisingly silent as it stalks about in a manner more similar to a tiger than a dog.
“What does it look like,” he snaps, “I’m attaching the mark. It’s still drawing power from the castor, I can use it to track them.”
Then everything went black, but not the black of unconsciousness, John could still see Murray clearly.
He closes his eyes and tries to think. There is no one else to bond to in this great big house and it isn’t like he can bond her to...His thoughts stutter to a stop. “Holmes!” he shouts.
He holds up the print out. “The ash was easily identified as being burned feathers, and we already knew there was blood mixed in. The third component was dirt. From the pH and granular size I can determine that the dirt was not from the tunnels, but the mix of contaminates makes it impossible to identify an exact location.”
This daemon, however, was curled around a shivering little boy. His hair was so blond it was almost white and his eyes were a wide, petrified blue. He was also clutching a book of mythical creatures - that explained some things.
Greg flings his hands out, trying to look placating, “No, I, er, I just want to ask you two some questions, maybe you can help me with a case I’m working on.”
The man stretches out his hand, fingers coated in dry clay and ink. “Jeff. It’s a pleasure to meet you detective. Look as much as you want,” the man speaks like every word is a long sigh.
Lestrade is both surprised and not. Bonds are not something to consider idly. They require a great deal of trust, but with as much as he clashes with Sherlock, he knows the teen would not misuse that trust.
“Holy Shit!” Sgt. Hunt’s voice yells clearly from behind the wall. “Good thing I actually listened to the Incoming siren,” the man laughs as he struggles out from under the desk. His uniform is soaked and covered in blood, but he seems fine.
Sherlock huffs, lifting his chin, “Appearances can be deceiving.” His coat collar gives a flicker, revealing the eye in a lazy blink.
Sherlock contemplates just flinging a spell in his face and making a run for it, but he gives in with a sigh. He’ll go back for now. Next time, he will be better prepared.
“For the plan,” he snaps, muscles bulging along his back, fur sprouting along his face. “You can’t be allowed to go on.” He pounces.
Do not fret, Hamish is not going evil, this chapter is required for character development and plot set up.
The first time John woke, his mind was mush. He felt like was floating out of his body, like the pain in his shoulder belonged to someone else.  His vision wasn’t working quite right either. He could only see a vague shape of someone standing over him. “Sherlock,” he called, voice harsh, god he needed water.
John shrugs, “It’s not really a large market so they always have to be handmade. It can get expensive, so we just went shirtless or phased our wings. It works.”
John feels his heart stutter in his chest, but he doesn’t lower his weapon. Sherlock is stripped to his trousers and there is dried blood covering his chest with fresh blood slowly working its way through the mess. John lets his finger twitch on the trigger.
“That must be what they’re looking for,” Sherlock snatches the photo from his hand. “Even small quantities of jade can hold incredible enchantments. It’s rather difficult to enchant, however, even level twelves struggle with it.”
The bed creaks as John rises from it, coming around to the desk and peering over his shoulder. “That’s the one?” he asks.
“I had imagined this playing out very differently, but I’m rather afraid I have a favor to pay,” Irene smirked, perched in her chair like the Queen.
John is well aware of the damage his healing magic can cause, these stones are a good work around. “No that’s fine,” John shoots Mycroft a grin, “It’ll be nice to be able to heal people.”
Seb’s face shifts rapidly, from pleased to angry to curious. He steps around Sherlock and pokes at his arm. The touch on his marks burns like fire , and he can tell from the piercing pain that the man is jabbing the blackened scar from the Hound.
John couldn’t leave him there to die. Wiggins had joined the Army with his bond Julie. He was a regular scout while Julie was one of the rare female mechanics on base. It was amazing to watch them together, a quad bond so strong that they were borderline telepathic.
John finally looks at him, a wry grin about his lips. “I was getting ready to leave the Compound anyways, feeling or no, and then you walk in and it’s like I was bowled over. I could hear the bells. I knew you were important, that some day you’ll lead me to my One just like MI6 led me to you.”
Mycroft’s face grew pinched, like he’d swallowed a lemon. “Sherlock, I’m not making idle suggestions, Moriarty is the most dangerous man in Britain.”
Hamish stared at the man, trying to determine what he wanted. This was getting ridiculous. “You told me this morning you couldn’t read minds, well neither can I. What is it you are trying to accomplish?”
He runs down the tunnel away from Baskerville, the whole way his chest hurts a bit and he wants to turn back. He ignores the feeling and keeps going.
“Hey you little shit, this is an active crime scene. You need to leave,” Sally snarls, tucking her talisman away at Lestrade’s announcement.
“This just in!” the news lady exclaimed, the picture changing from the studio to a street in London that looked like something out of Afghanistan - except with less sand. “A gas leak on Baker Street resulted in a massive explosion. Police and Firemen on scene are still sorting through the wreckage, but no one seems to have been injured in the blast.”
Sherlock rather suspects the pin was stolen and has been moving through various illegal hands over the years. The question is who wants it now and why? Whatever the pin does, if it’s origins are true, than it would be quite the treasure, but did the thief want the pin for money or magic?
He feels ill and exhausted, he just wants to lay in the floor and sleep, but Sherlock struggles up to look at his...mate.
Temasek sighs, a rush of air that ruffles John’s feathers. The Guardian closes his eyes, looking weary. “Very well fledgling. May you be triumphant.” He lifts out of the water in a grand arch, tail splashing as he dives beneath the surface, gone.
John listens to the sirens growing closer and the anguished wail of the man on the floor. He can understand the madness, just looking at the fox pelt makes him ill. What he needs to know is who this Moriarty is and why he’s trying to steal someone’s daemon.
He unhooks the man’s bonds, and realizes that neither one of them are going to be moving under their own power any time soon.
“What are you doing?” Carson growled, his pulse had increased, but the 100 the heart beat monitor was reading was impressive.
Mycroft approached the light board, while he did not have experience reading x-rays, he could identify the missing pieces. “They removed his kidney and a part of his lungs.”
“Here, that kid’s a bully, but he should leave you alone now,” the boy grins holding out the violin.
John has paced the length of 221B at least thirty times before 1130. He was wired with adrenaline, even though he’d spent the length of the night before listening to Sherlock screech on the violin.
Lestrade tilts his head back, praying for patience. This is definitely going to come back to bite him.
Mycroft hesitates, John can practically hear him working through the best way to approach this. “We are here to seek information. Tianlong suggested that you may know what has happened to the Guardian of Java, and who has been targeting Guardians.”
Silence reigns for exactly five seconds before Mycroft’s smug tone sounds over the tiny speaker. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock grabbed the folder before John could, flicking through the pictures. “This man was a pedophile, these marks, while skilled, where made in rage,” he commented.
The door at the top of the stairs is open, Sherlock is standing on an old couch, staring at a map pinned to the wall. There are a series of colored pins in the map, one of which is labeled with Carol’s picture. “Is that all the people who were killed?” John asks.
John looks ready to deny the ‘charge’ title, but decides against it. “We need to ask the Hudson River a question, do you know how to find him.”
He wants to fix the ruffled feathers, maneuver them into their proper place, but he remembers Lestrade’s flinch and resists the urge. Instead, he spins on his heel and leaves Mrs. Hudson to it.
“One can only hope that we can stop it in time, but I do not know where to go next!” Mycroft growls, obviously frustrated. “I…” he stops face twisting with what looks like pain.  He gasps, curling in on himself.
The door opens before he can knock. “Finally!” Sherlock shouts, pulling Lestrade into the house and slamming the door behind him. “We’ve been waiting ages.”
“Clearly you do,” Mycroft sighs, and Sherlock can imagine him rubbing his brow in exasperation. “I’ll send a more suitable replacement shortly, brother dear. Do try to behave in the meantime.”
He pushes away from the computer with a sigh. “I need more information! I cannot deduce without facts, and I cannot get facts without access.” He leaves the house, needing to work off his frustration. Mr. Hawthorne is nowhere to be seen.
The guards at the gate give Sherlock dirty looks, clearly having been informed about the earlier security breach, but they wave them through all the same. John has to wonder what Mycroft’s people told them about this mess.
Mycroft follows in his own bow, balancing over the point of his brolly. The ash wood of the handle hums in his palm, soaking up the excess energy from the Guardian’s glow. “Tianlong, you honour us with your presence.”
“I told you to stay away from the park, Freak, ya shoulda listened,” Bruiser snears. He tweaks the strings, making the violin give a sharp cry in protest.
She stretches her neck, scales glinting, to press a blessing to his brow. “You have traveled far my dear Fallen Star, but your One is closer than you think.”
Sherlock huffs,” Of course, usually, but the Reichenbach Fall is twenty-five days straight, that’s the whole point.”
The shouting goes back and forth the same phrases constantly repeating until the unknown man hits Don’s temple with the butt of his rifle just to get him to shut up.
He is completely useless for the rest of the day. When the professor calls on him, he can only stare at her blankly until she moves on to someone else. His mind is a whir of conflicting emotions. The thought of seeing Sherlock again, of actually being able to talk to him, is exhilarating. It is also terrifying. He hasn’t contacted his mate for a reason, he could have sent a letter or something if he had really wanted to.
Removal of the lung, even a lower lobe, was tricky. There were ribs and all sorts of vital organs to work around. Hamish hadn’t had this sort of challenge since he left the S.A.S.
Sherlock finds a spot a few meters away, standing just right to watch her hands. He doesn’t need to hear her. She moves smoothly, every action carefully measured. When the demonstration is over, the people scatter.
“I thought they said they didn’t want to drop us in the middle of a mission, that seems to be exactly what they’re doing,” John remarks looking out at the looming wilderness. They hardly know one another, and now MI6 wants them to banish a high level demon together. This can’t end well.
The estate was a sniper’s dream. It sat in a picturesque valley, surrounded by old trees. Hamish settled behind a boulder and bush, covered with a mix of camo blanket and leaves. He was 800 yards from his target, but had easy view of the patio in his scope. The systematic searching of the guards made avoiding them easy.
Sally, who has an almost irrational hatred for the man, claims that Sherlock is such a narcissistic sociopath that he bonded with himself, but Lestrade knows thats crap. He can still see the golden bond like a steel cable, at least until the day it goes black.
Greg snatches it up quickly, while he doubts the man would ever try to steal it, desperate people do desperate things. But instead of moving after the watch, Mycroft pulls out his necklace.
Mycroft can’t quite hide his sceptical look, but picks up the brolly. He narrows his eyes, observing the object with senses beyond simple sight. “It stores magic.”
Sherlock holds up his phone. “Moriarty sent me a text. Asked me to come and play. Lestrade wants us at the yard.”
The Nan Lian Garden is a haven of greenery, plants of all varietals perch on grassy hills, surrounding a placid lake. In the center of it all, vibrant red bridge leading to a golden shrine.
He can feel breath on his neck, the scratch of fangs at his nape. He spins, lashing out with the brolly that had not been there before. There is nothing behind him.
John fought to be better than his broken family. In secondary school he earned top grades and attended every class, even when his mother’s drinking habits left him with little supervision.
“Harry,” he stops her with his voice, wishing he could reach out and hug her. “Thank you, and please be careful.”
He stepped into shower, humming. He borrowed the shampoo and soap that was already there, taking his time cleaning the red marks swirling up his arm. He couldn’t take his eyes of the mark, it was just…amazing.
John, on the other hand, was devastated to learn that angels experience puberty in a manner quite similar to humans, and has been avoiding speaking until his own voice stops cracking at inopportune times. It doesn’t help that he also lives with James, who came out the other end of puberty with a voice like cool steel. Still, he gives a little cough and says, “It’s nothing, just ringing in my ears.” His voice comes out relatively normal, it is the words that make him wince.
The deductions are terrible. One is married with kids, he beats his wife regularly, but she won’t leave because he scares her. He’ll start on hitting the kids when they get older, no matter how much he promises other wise. Another is young and stupid, but has killed at least three men and sees no problem in raping the women or selling them for profit. One isn’t married, but has a thing for little boys and girls and did horrible, awful things in Libya but hasn’t had the chance to hunt in London yet. He’s been touching the girls the most because he can’t get to the kids. The last one is the leader and Hamish feels bile grow sharp and choking in the back of his throat.
With a sigh, he heads to the loo, might as well get ready. By the time he’s done - showered, shaved, and wearing a relatively clean suit - Sherlock is awake and snooping through his cabinets.
The man was 76 inches and twice his weight, but he scrambled away from Hamish like he was going to be joining Carson on the table.
John rolls his eyes, but his shoulders relax minutely. “Did you know I’ve been at the compound since I was 6? That’s what we called the underground base in London, The Compound.”
So anyways, I have been writing. I've been writing a lot actually, I just haven't been writing The Vision. I think this one really only has a few chapters left in it though, so hopefully it will be complete soon.
Sherlock sighs and hands over his lighter, stolen from Anderson. He barely glances at the man only noting his scrubs under his jacket, his dirty blond hair, and his heavily scuffed shoes before dismissing him.
“Rough day?” Murray asks. John seems to be in a daze, looking down at something in his hands with a glazed sort of expression. Murray leans over and finds two soul metals nestled in his palm, they’re a matched set.
Mycroft pulls the book to him, flipping to a page in the first half of the book and pushing it over to John. The open page is filled with an illustration, with a helpful label at the bottom in elegant calligraphy ‘The Nile Water Seal’. The Seal has a triangle base filled with interlocking water runes set around cardinal points. It is structured in a way John remembers from his training, but he doesn’t recognize the tiny, cramped runes working along the edge of the triangle. “What is this?” he asks, running his fingers tentatively over the page.
“Hmm,” Sherlock looks around the room, checking the creations on the drying racks and wandering into a backroom filled with kilns. He’s muttering something under his breath when he sweeps past Lestrade and wanders back out to the hall.
John thought they rather looked like posturing general’s reading for battle, or peacocks, defiantly peacocks.
“Different sort of swelling, I did an experiment recently on how the body retains water in various situations. It in…”
Mycroft pressed his fingers to his chin, peering at the photos laid out in front of him. Something about the man’s baring seemed so familiar, but he couldn’t place it.  “Continue to gather information, I have a feeling he could cause trouble in the future. “
It was strange to so thoroughly concern himself with another human being - especially during a case - but the novelty of the experience had yet to waver. He pushed the incident into his mental queue along with the two -
They are standing in the middle of a Tesco Express. The clerk is being helped off the wall from where he been stuck with some sort of gelatinous substance that Lestrade has zero interest in identifying.
She stays close, keeping her voice down. “They caught me and Josh, he...uh… he didn’t make it, but,” she sniffles, “they kept me alive as a sort of servant. I get food and drink and clean some the houses around here. I’ve been trying to run, but I wouldn’t even know where to go.”
“Oh Carol,” John sighed, running a hand through his already wild hair. “She wasn’t even homeless you know. I mean she was homeless in the fact that she didn’t ever go home, but she had money. She had been an English professor at Oxford, retired with full pension, but her whole family died in a fire and she just couldn’t stand living there anymore. She said the house was still in her name, she just liked the park, helped her forget what she lost.” John wasn’t sure why he told them all that, he was still blindsided by the small dragon that seemed to be posturing for Helios.
“Naw,” John shakes his head, a real smile curving his lips, “it was brilliant.” The smile disappears quickly, replaced by a contemplative look.
“No,” Sherlock straightened, flipping his jacket collar. “I will find him myself, I do not require your assistance.” Mycroft might have shared the Vision, but Sherlock would not allow the interfering git to hunt down John first. Who knows what the man would say to him?
That is all it says. He flips the paper over, somehow expecting more of an explanation, but the back of the paper is blank. He flips the paper back over to stare at the sigil and feels a spike of unease.
The techs go to the bodies in a flurry of activity, taking pictures and cataloging evidence. “I’ll take it from here Sergeant,” DI Gregson announces, breezing into the scene.
The temple is sweltering. It is almost February and Mycroft feels ready to melt out of his clothes. This time of the year in London would be cold and rainy, but here he is in India contemplating jumping into the nearest body of water.
Mycroft sighs, running his hand through his hair in a gesture that reminds John of Sherlock. “Moriarty’s network is far stretching, but he does not involve himself directly in most of it. He moves his pieces in such a way that it is hard to tell that anyone is manipulating the board. We assumed that he had to have a group of close confidantes that worked with him directly, but perhaps it isn’t a group…” Mycroft turns to John, his gaze searing, “perhaps it is just one man. One confidant.”
When he came too and could finally focus, he was tucked into a hospital bed with a saline drip attached to his arm.
Greg shoots Mycroft a curious look, but he shakes his head; not expecting anyone then. He opens the door to find the young man from before, John, and an older man he doesn’t recognize.
“No,” John bites out, trying to control his own anger. “Sherlock didn’t give me that one because your dog took him, and I’m guessing, Jim, that he isn’t following your orders.”
This chapter was more of a plot mover than anything, but I hope you guys like it, and thanks so much for all the lovely reviews so far.
He groans turning away from the pain. His body can’t seem to offer any further movement, however. His limbs feel weighed down and he can’t open his eyes.
“You can’t use more than five rounds to knock them off. We can’t waste bullets,” Bauza says bluntly before walking John through the steps. He makes him practice holding the weapon and switching the safety off and on. They practice breathing and visualizing the shot. He practices taking aim again and again.
“Hmm, I’ve been accused of such before, but usually a riding crop is involved,” Irene said, clearly trying to hide how pleased she was. Even in her career, she had a weakness for compliments. She took a bite of her tortellini and then blinked in surprise. “Oh, this is good!”
“Well you’re not one to let your injuries rest when they should. Don’t think I don’t remember how you were after getting shot,” Murray gripes, waggling his finger at John like one would a child.
John leans back even as he fires. The shots fly true, but the bullets disperse in flares of golden light a full meter from the target. John can feel its sour breath on his face the moment before Mycroft acts.
“This mark kills people, and we know it has at least a compelling charm and some control built into the rune work.” Lestrade tightens his grip. It isn’t painful, but it draws Sherlock’s attention. “We just talked about this.”
“Forgive me for dredging up bad memories, but I thought it best to get the particulars over in one go,” Mycroft sat at the chair by the bed, placing a recorder down between them. He didn’t need the recorder personally, but Anthea would appreciate a proper recording to write up the reports.
Spinning his body around is difficult with the weight of the dog on him, but he manages to swing his hips around enough to kick into the beast’s belly, kicking rapidly like a kangaroo. The dog loosens its grip, startled and pained. John punches it in the head with his uninjured arm and scurries away from it. He tries to reach for the gun, but the hound is recovering too quickly and he doesn’t have time.
“Sherlock, I swear I will lock you in the hotel room until we leave, get back here,” Lestrade threatens, uselessly. He hesitates at the fence before cursing colorfully and jumping over as well.
The fire crackles merrily casting warmth on his face and bare chest. He can feel the godling's power here, protective and healing. Standing at this particular hearth should, he knows, stir up memories of family, but he has none to draw on. Instead, he feels an ache for James and Uriel, missing them terribly.
“Order the tortellini, I promise, this is much better than the stuffy place down the road, besides their kitchen has rats.”
John snatched his jacket from it’s peg and slipped the Browning into the small of his back. “This is a terrible idea,” John muttered, grinning like an idiot.
He fishes his badge back out. “Detective Lestrade from the MET, I was hoping to ask you some questions. It appears we have a Golem on the loose.”
“What are you doing?” John asks, moving his weapons with practiced ease as he shoots the demons, but his light is fading and there is sweat at his brow. The Fomoiri are drawing ever closer, their noise filling the woods as the burst from the bog.
Mycroft looks unconvinced, but Sherlock shoots forward with a manic grin. “Why didn’t you start there? What kind of case? Nothing dull I hope.”
He does not curse, but it is a near thing. Mycroft takes a deep breath, gathers his magicks back together and tries again. It take 5 tries and much too long for the spell to finally click into place, a warm feeling settling in the pit of his stomach while the temple begins to shake.
“I think it’s a bit more than rubbish.” Going on a hunch, because she is clearly lying, he pulls up his sleeve to reveal the small black lines working their way through his mark. They had only been a few centimeters long the night before, but not the marks have worked their way into the first ring of symbols, black marks digging their way into the signs for soldier and danger.
The man’s laughter over the intercom is grating and makes the system crackle with static. “The dog is just a means to an end. It is the poison that is important, and I’m close, so close to perfecting it. It is too bad what you’ve been injected with is an older version, I’d have loved to see the effects of the new serum on a level 5 bond, that would be a true test.”
