Because he is such a special person that only two other people in the world have the privilege of knowing him, and I am sure that with time I will scream that name with all the air I have in my lungs in the same way that I now scream Sherlock's name every time William will do something stupid or reckless- John concluded.
He continues to act as if nothing has changed, as if this child is not important, but in the meantime, he has decided to raise him instead of entrusting him to a foster family.
The elevator door opened, and Anthea beckoned him to step out of the elevator, then remained in the cubicle.
From the moment he had ended his phone call with Greg, he had assumed that it would be one of Mycroft's many minions, given his request that to pick up Hamish should come one of Mycroft’s most trusted man, so opening the front door he expected to see  Anthea, ready to take a quick glance at the child before looking back at her Blackberry and the many secrets it hold.
"Okay, I just have to go in the guest room and wake him up, so you can meet him" Greg said, turning his back on the man.
Lestrade took a deep breath, trying to calm down, standing up and laying both hands on his hips, staring again at the other's imperturbable face.
Sherlock remained silent, observing various emotions manifest on John's face, unable to find an answer to such a simple question: were they a couple?
-So, it's partly right to say that Irene broke my heart, but it didn't happen because of the loss of a mistress, but because of the disappearance of a friend-concluded Sherlock, a hand engaged in slow strokes on Hamish's back.
This story is complete; it's gonna be 14 chapters long and till now I have translated 10 chapters so I hope I can keep up the weekly updates.
He was found by some passers-by on their way to the underground; at first, they thought it was a bum, but then they noticed the blood and realized they had to call us.
"I don't know" he said, aware that Sherlock wouldn't understand a fraction of what was stirring inside him, even though he could see it clearly on his face and in the way his right hand was shaking or some other similar nonsense. -First Emma... Then Hamish.
In the end, he was forced to give in to his curiosity and called John, asking if he knew anything about the boy.
In the end, we were forced to deal with the problem, we talked at length and I think we are both now on common ground ready to start again- answered honest John.
As soon as the child noticed that he had caught John attention, Hamish giggled again, leading John to smile pleased and lay his forehead on Sherlock's right shoulder slightly embarrassed.
For a while, he had believed he had found a kindred spirit... Too bad he realized too late that his true kindred spirit, what simple minds call "soul mate" was John.
"I'm about to fall asleep" John said after breaking the intimate connection between their bodies and disposing of the condom, then laying down with his head on Sherlock’s collarbone and his arm around his waist.
In the living room, silence fell for a few moments before the sweet notes of the violin, again in the hands of its rightful owner, rang out in the room, giving the two men the feeling that, although the road was still long, everything would return to normal.
Mycroft settled better in his chair, his back straighter with his most imposing figure, as if he did not want to leave room for possible attacks and joined his fingers a short distance from his face.
... Although he did not know what had dragged Sherlock into his mind, John was ready to do his best to remind him that there was no point in getting lost in memories, not when Hamish and John were now in his life.
Then she showed him how to dry and hydrate Hamish’s skin with the Vaseline cream and above all, she showed him how to put a diaper on, but without closing it completely, letting him have a try.
Although Jack didn't know much about his past or Sherlock, except what information he had managed to get from his friends, he was aware that this was a particular day,  that on this date something shocking happened, something  that had turned him into what he was now.
John met her gaze, slightly surprised: since her divorce from Clara had become official, Harry had shown no interest in dating again.
The detective disliked the clinic particularly, preferring the clinical and impersonal contact of the morgue to the "
Fortunately, the waiter avoided turning it on, perhaps knowing that it would seem inappropriate and embarrassing.
-I don't think it's ideal for lunch, but maybe I can think about it, if someone will behave well...-replied John.
Two equally severe eyes met Mycroft’s, reinforcing in him the certainty that in another life the young man would be a perfect secret agent.
Finally alone John returned to the living room, looking at the photographs on the walls almost in search of an answer.
Sherlock observed the contours of that familiar face, for the first time so close that he could smell mint and coffee in John's breath, his hands clenched in the black sweater that little could against the cold.
John stared at the table top a short distance from himself, silent, clearly unsure of how to respond to the river of words that had run over him.
After his death, Mycroft closed in on himself, taking on the role of the head of the family, while Sherlock found himself alone, completely lost...-
Committed to filling Sherlock's plate with a small portion of pancakes, without realizing it, John began humming the song, dropping his eyes on the detective's long, elegant hands when he put the plate in front of him, trying to to remove from his mind the memory of how those hands had grasped him, hold him tight to his chest, of the delicate caress of those fingers in his hair.
When the doctor returned to look at the living room, Sherlock was standing leaning against the door jamb, a few steps from him, his arms clenched against his chest.
"It’s because of a superior mind that I'm in this state, I don't think another great mind can help me solve my problem" Greg said before turning his back on him and leaving the room.
Completely indifferent to the conversation that was taking place around him, John had begun to look around the room, tiptoeing into Alison's world, looking at photos of a honey-haired girl with brown eyes along with her friends, with her parents, and especially with Tom, the boy for whom she was willing to die.
Mycroft took off his coat and left, as usual, his umbrella and briefcase next to the small table in the hall, Mycroft made the short walk that would take him to his destination and, once in front of the door of the bedroom, he hesitated with his hand a few millimeters from the handle.
", because everyone knew that he did not watch, but would carefully observe even the most insignificant thing.
Sherlock turned around and greeted the inspector with a nod, then looked as John checked quickly that he had everything he needed before leaving the kitchen and walking to the little bowl by the door where he usually put his keys and wallet as soon as he came home.
-I always get the soldier and the blogger charm... I'd never seen you in all your appeal as a doctor-comment Sherlock happy to hear John giggle for his words-You're really caring with that girl...-he added.
“Well, the knuckleheads are two...” John commented, handing a sweet cracker to Hope before looking at his friend.
John sighed, glanced at the motionless figure turned towards the window, the violin's bow clenched between his fingers, wondering how it was possible to feel so close to a person, to the point that he was sure to know his thoughts and emotions and find themselves the next moment in front of a huge abyss that saw them on opposite sides.
The rest of the day was spent taking a long walk through Regent's Park, between families with children returning from the zoo not far away and professionals in shorts and white T-shirts taking advantage of the weekend to stretch their legs partially atrophied by the office work, where John did not miss an opportunity to take pictures of Emma, in all possible poses and situations.
How could he never notice anything? If all this had happened before his eyes without him noticing, Sherlock must have been right all along when he called him an idiot!
"You were with me" said Sherlock, earning a confused look, which prompted the detective to continue.
John covered his eyes with one arm, taking a deep breath, agreeing with himself that a decision was necessary and that this time it had to be the final one.
At that moment, almost sensing his presence the child stopped crying and two ice-blue eyes stared at him, drawing his attention.
It was only when the two men walked together to Baker Street that Sherlock was again attacked by doubts: what would happen now?
"And I bet you're dying to tell me... - John commented, hoping with all of himself that sarcasm could hide the terror he felt to see those stupid thoughts unmasked.
Only after meeting Emma did he slowly let go and allow me to know the real John Watson: the one who loves children, who spends Saturday nights at home watching "Doctor Who," the funny guy you're proud to be friends with.
In those days, the detective had tormented Mycroft with phone calls, clamoring to know what had been hidden from him until now, but Mycroft had made himself unreachable.
Four days earlier, the last time he had seen Sherlock, they had had one of the ugliest fights, second only to their clash after his return to the Land of the Living... What should he expect now?
The house, consisting of two living rooms, four bedrooms, two libraries (one with antique books and the other with a library stocked with more modern titles), a spacious kitchen, a garden and four bathrooms, was completely different from everything John had ever seen in his life.
John brought his attention back to his tea when his cell phone started vibrating in his jeans' right pocket.
-You know me! I would never sleep with someone on the first date-answer Jack, an expression so innocent on his face that it made John laugh loudly.
He had spent three years in solitude, except for a few short episodes, and what motivated him to move on was the moment when he could make his position clear, when he would finally see again Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson...
All of them were more than valid reasons that led him to reject Sherlock’s idea, but a  veil of sadness had inevitably accompanied his words and contaminated his smile.
) kept asking questions, spurring him to seize that moment, aware that such an opportunity would never come back.
After that, they will try to contact Baby Girl's family, but as soon as her parents renounces all responsibility for the baby, the little girl will be considered "adoptable".
"If it goes on like this, I'm going to end up forgetting what a crime scene is like-" Sherlock said.
Only a few moments later did he notice that Sherlock was by his side; he turned around and stood in the middle of the room, facing him.
"John I have to go out in a couple of hours and in the meantime I'd like to take a nap and a shower, but I don't think it's possible to do all these things with an infant in my arms, so how about you help me out?"
Sherlock smiled, laying a kiss on the lips of the other who, despite having started in a sweet way, quickly turned into more passionate kiss that kept them busy for a few minutes and that left them breathless.
After all, it wasn't difficult: every time Mycroft left, a part of Gregory remained tense until his return, constantly anxious about his partner's fate.
With his death everything stopped making sense to me, the world went on and I could not understand how it was possible, because my life stopped the moment when... when he had disappeared-.
John swallowed loudly at those words, both excited by the honesty with which Sherlock was able to say such erotic things and terrified that to satisfy his scientific curiosity Sherlock would let him hanging for hours.
After the baby would be here, Baby Girl would have been more reasonable, and she would have realized that she would never make it alone with a newborn girl on the streets of London.
Upon his return to the living room, three voices engaged in pleasantries came to his ear and moments later John appeared again on the threshold stepping aside to bring in Baby Girl and Boss.
Don't get me wrong there were also times when I was to throw in the towel, convinced that maybe I was wrong, that the John Watson that presented itself to my eyes was all that was to be discovered, that I had created a fantasy about a man who did not even exist, but every time Mrs. Hudson or Greg urged me to go on, not to abandon him-
Unable to stand idle and in need of information, he had called Jack Micheals and asked if he could go to John's office and make sure that the man was okay.
When Sherlock and I were born, our cousins were already almost all teenagers so the only company we had during our childhood was that of the other and the various nannies-
Immersed in his thoughts, John was completely oblivious to where his feet were taking him, only partially aware that he was still in central London, in the crowd of tourists who besieged those places any day of the week.
-Fuck you! -  John said between his teeth before turning his back and walking toward the blue and white cordon that bounded the crime scene.
With an elegant gesture Mycroft opened the car door and went out into the street, walking slowly to the front door.
"John…" he whispered, trying to cling to that one certainty as the world around him quickly vanished.
John met his companion's icy-blue eyes and, as a few times before, found them liquid, alive and free to express the feelings that usually the man hid under lock and key in a chamber of his Mind Palace: he managed to see the fun for their banter, the affection that always bound him to John, the expectations he had for that evening, the fear of not knowing what the next move would be.
The following paper was the new contract at the clinic where John had worked for years, with a salary increase that was definitely Mycroft's doing  and another paper that certified that Dr. John Hamish Watson was promoted to the role of Director of the aforementioned clinic with the date of a few months before.
Throughout their friendship, John had never mentioned a possible homosexual or bisexual attraction, given the constant turnover of women with whom he accompanied.
It was only using the "Captain" voice that John managed to convince her to enter the tub and for a few minutes the little girl hummed to herself, while John would flock to the kitchen to prepare popcorn and sandwiches for dinner.
Jack smiled sadly and for the first time Sherlock found himself thinking of the many sad smiles that had disfigured John's face during their friendship.
At those words Molly burst out laughing, leading the man to arch his eyebrows for the umpteenth time.
Sherlock looked closely at the stranger: tall, probably six feet, six feet eighty-five, with thick brown hair and eyes of the same color.
Sherlock had ascended the small staircase and had took out the key of the flat from his coat pocket.
-Because you were lonely and sad, and you convinced yourself that this was your last chance to be happy, but mostly because you have a noble and kind heart and you thought this was the only possible solution to help the little girl's future without Baby Girl losing sight of her daughter.
But this time the challenge was shaping up to be rather difficult considering that the fantastic genius was in that state because of John.
For a moment it was tempting to ignore it certain that it was Sherlock, but on the other hand Mrs. Hudson did not yet know of their quarrel: maybe she had tried to contact Sherlock and having failed had contact him.
The week that had just begun would be difficult, he was aware of it, but now he could not hold back: the next day there will be the press conference to announce the return to the world of living of Sherlock Holmes and a few days later there would be John’s ceremony.
He wanted to thank him, tell him that he appreciated what he was doing for him, but Hamish Watson didn't need words, he knew exactly what his son was going through, even though neither John nor Harriet had let anything slip.
"What will happen now Sherlock?" he heard John asking, while he was still immersed in his assumptions.
"I knew that in the end I would be able to convince you... - he answered before moving closer to kiss briefly his full lips and then give his attention back to Hamish.
The detective glanced at the man and saw him already absorbed in the reading of a paperback, thus allowing himself a slight smile that he hurried to hide behind his own cup.
The waiter returned to their table with the rest of their orders and for a few moments Daniel didn’t answer his question, too focused on his own food.
It was only when the dinner was over that the atmosphere changed: usually Sherlock consumed the few bites that consisted of his dinner in front of the microscope, busy taking notes, while John settled on the sofa in front of the TV.
Hello everyone! I want to say THANK YOU to all the readers that left kudos, read my FF and left a comment.
And the most unexpected thing was that now those same images were in his mind and Sherlock was not at all opposed, indeed there was an unexpected feeling
He was certain that, despite the complicated relationship between the two men, if John wanted to make Sherlock part of his new lifestyle, he would already do so.
John stared at him a few seconds before nodding: such an offer would never happen again, and John was aware that he had to take advantage of it now to shed light on some dark spots that always accompanied and tormented his friend.
With his superior mind, the man knew immediately that something was wrong, but he had accepted his silence and his lies without any more questions, perhaps frightened of what would happen by facing that conversation.
It had been off all day and for a moment he was tempted to turn it back on, but then he put aside that idea: he wasn't ready for Greg and Harry's  words of circumstance.
-There's always a first time... But Hamish and I will be forced to kill you if a single word of what I just said comes to Harry's or Mycroft's ears- Sherlock replied nonchalantly.
John couldn't hold back a small satisfied smile for his partner's enthusiasm, leaving Sherlock take control of the kiss, wrapping an arm around the man’s thin waist and pulling Sherlock against his chest to lengthen that moment for as long as possible.
He knew everything about John, he just needed a look to capture his most hidden desires, but he was aware that it would be "not good" if he deducted his partner on their first date; probably John, being the special and wonderful person he was, would find him brilliant, but he would go against the rules of wooing, and for once in his life, Sherlock wanted to follow the rules all the way.
“After all these years you still manage to amaze me, William...” John murmured so that only the detective could hear him.
-Don't forget about Mummy, Sherlock... I think she waited long enough- Mycroft reminded him without turning around.
If we had followed that rule, Hamish would not be part of our lives now, but we chose to raise it together.
A round of phone calls had confirmed her arrival for that weekend, followed by a series of wacky projects that had been changed several times within a few days.
Was it a kick or a quick movement in your belly? - John asked her in a professional tone, but with his warm, affable voice.
However, despite the laughter and the fun, John could not get rid of a constant and annoying thought in his mind.
It comes naturally, then, to wonder whether this passionate defense on Dr. Watson's part does not hide feelings that go beyond the friendship long professed by you and Dr. Watson.
-Then you're going to have to explain to our passport office why you were on the airstrip of an international airport with a fake passport.
Gaining more confidence, he sat down and took Hamish in his arms, sitting him on his crossed legs, supporting his back with one hand, immediately encountering the gaze of the child who did not seem intent on abandoning him.
John shook his head, trying to delete the images that were pushing to imprint themselves in the long-term memory of his brain.
What had happened less than half an hour ago with Sherlock had probably marked the end of his relationship with the detective and, if before John would not have stepped back from a confrontation with the woman who had definitely ruined his life, now he thought it was useless.
Entering the office, Greg turned to the farthest wall, where the writing desk was located, dark mahogany, so elegant and solid that it could survive even a bombing, two other chairs, these decidedly more comfortable, on the tones of the red wine, and an off fireplace  (probably the entrance to the secret passageway leading Mycroft to the Quartermaster's headquarters)
-So, John Watson... What secrets are hidden under this friendly smile and your charming face? -he asked, turning slightly towards him, resting his arm on the table.
John had no idea why Greg called him, or why he asked him to show up alone, with his medical kit, but he knew he had to find a plausible enough explanation to prevent the detective from asking any more questions.
-No, I wouldn't say... It’s just that so much time has passed since than that I think I've lost my charm" Greg joked with a small smile.
I know it sounds strange...- John said, looking at Boss who had been silent since the beginning of that conversation.
Is it possible that those small and precious glimmers of humanity that until now were reserved for a select few were now evident to all?
"I have no intention of paying you, it's enough that I won't take you in for attempted solicitation of a public official" Greg replied promptly.
-Why did you come back? I thought I told you I didn't want anything to do with you anymore- he asked tired.
It would be a smart move, a dead body in plain sight, but I don't think you have the intelligence necessary for such a cunning murder-Sherlock commented.
John shook his head trying to dispel the fog that seemed to have taken hold of his brain and strangely, that simple gesture seemed to work, because one thing immediately became clear to him.
The detective remained silent a few moments, carefully observing his partner’s face, reading the anxiety and concern that had animated John the previous day, the thoughts that had prevented him from resting quietly, the total honesty in his words when he said that Irene would be a better parent than he was.
John watched the sky clear, despite few scattered clouds, and glanced at his wristwatch: he had to hurry if he wanted to get to London on time.
-Absolutely not...-said Sherlock looking at him from behind long black eyelashes- But I think you have to know everything if we want to hang out...-
-Then it means I'm going to yell Sherlock around the house and just whisper William when it's just the two of us…Maybe in the bedroom- John said, licking his bottom lip with the tip of his tongue and touching Sherlock's earlobe.
The doctor knew very well what and how deep his feelings were  for Sherlock, but at that moment he felt that he had missed an opportunity to voice them: when the detective had made his statement, John's throat had contracted for the emotion of the moment and because of his impending orgasm, thus ruining the only chance he had to "declare" his love to Sherlock.
The rest of the day passed by checking and completing old reports before they were sent to the archive, waiting for news from the Barts morgue and toying with the idea of going home and resuming the investigation the next day, but he was aware that he would not be able to relax despite good intentions.
Their lips met once more, both unfolded in a smile, their tongues intertwined, while John carelessly opened the lubricant and squeezed a little into the palm of his hand.
Anyone with superior intelligence would have a foot out the door the moment they orgasmed-commented frosty.
There was a noise of quick steps on the parquet floor and the next moment, Sherlock heard John's amused laugh (
There was clearly a common thread, with which Sherlock tried to make him aware of those feelings to which he could not give voice in person but which he knew were important to John.
Sherlock Holmes had returned to Baker Street as soon as he could, but only now did he really feel at
Physically she had remained the same, with the exception of her  hair, now shorter and under control, but she had become a stronger and more confident woman and Sherlock found himself wondering if it was due to the "mission" in which she had found herself involved or if it had something to do with Detective Dimmock.
To him, his words had seemed like a promise to take care of the little girl and Baby Girl, but at the same time the girl may have interpreted his speech as beautiful and useless words behind which to hide the intention of wanting to separate mother and daughter.
The most logical solution would have been to confront his partner, inform him that he knew of his betrayal and ask him to leave their apartment.
"I try my best" the detective said with a hint of pride in his voice that made John smile. “I'm still convinced that my presence here is not necessary.
He had the morning shift, as had already happened for the previous days, and had gone to work early to organize his work and enjoy the second cup of tea of the day without interruption.
The car moved on the tarmac  in a fluid manner, and inside the car fell  the usual silence that characterized the relationship between the two men.
He understood what had caused that nagging sensation at the base of the neck that had tormented him all morning.
Greg remained silent until he had brought all the various containers, plates forks and spoons into the living room.
John’s blue eyes were staring at him, devoid of the anger and frustration he would have expected in a similar situation, but laden with a feeling that increasingly animated the doctor's gaze in recent weeks.
The British official stiffened and stared suspicious at the little girl, while Sherlock tried to hide a laugh with a cough.
Just thinking of the detective's name reminded him of the presence of the scarf in the right pocket of his jacket and led him to turn around again and take the few steps that separated him from Greg, who observed him surprised.
Tell him it must be a trusted and easily recognizable person; someone Mycroft would trust his life to... I'm not going to give Sherlock's son to the first federal guy who knocks on my door-
John smiled slowly, followed immediately by Sherlock who took advantage of their position to caress a cheekbone with his thumb.
-Bullshit! He was fascinated by Moriarty... With you it was...- John said unable to find the words to describe the lightning attraction that had struck Sherlock the moment he laid eyes on the woman.
-Hello, everybody. My name is John and I'm a drug addict-said with the voice that Sherlock always identified as "Captain Watson".
No one knows him as well as I do, why John persists in these stupid relationships? - he said clearly confused and annoyed.
He then turned and approached the iPhone dock station next to the fireplace and turned it on, selecting a song, letting the music fill the silence in the room and then returned to his chair and sit without grace.
You probably won't find a single man who wouldn't do the same in my place... Except Greg, of course, but I think it's because of your brother rather than a lack of interest.
It should never be said that a Holmes leaves the battlefield without first unleashing all his weapons and having put in place all possible and imaginable strategic plans.
I think I would have accepted the baby and raised him as if it had been mine too, because that would have been my twisted way of saying "
I love Sherlock, you know I do, from the first day our paths crossed and until the moment they will separate forever… We wouldn't be here if I hadn't promised to spend the rest of my life with him, even though there are no timetables, crazy experiments and bullet holes in the wall or all the crazy things that happen to us" John said, making Sherlock’s lips curved in a little smile.
Up until that point he had told her how they had explained their plan, but perhaps it was time to show their more human side.
-I couldn't let him hurt you. I couldn't- he said interrupting mid-speech to swallow the knot that suddenly clenched his throat- I know you think I didn't trust you, and I know I hurt you... More than I can imagine, but I was willing to sacrifice my life to prevent Moriarty or someone of his goons who hurt you.
Staring at the profile that was advancing towards him, John felt his body stiffen, unable to move, even to blink.
The question took him by surprise and for a few moments he remained silent, considering what to say.
John was certain that if he entered Sherlock's room, he would still find it there, bottled as if it should be put on the market, but he was aware that his nerves would not hold up.
Almost summoned by his thoughts, the downstairs door opened and, from the brief conversation that Sherlock heard, the man understood that the British Government had come to meet his nephew.
The Holmes townhouse consisted of an entire three-story building in the West End, on Charlotte Street, with a brick facade and a vibrant cobalt door.
-Dad's not really capable of accepting compliments, is he, Misha? -John commented, ruffling the child's soft hair.
-I can’t stop thinking about everything I want to do to you, John. Ever since you came back, I can't stop thinking about you... Every time I look at you, a new idea comes to my mind...-
Greg needed just a glance to notice all the resemblances between Sherlock and the child, and for a moment he felt sorry for John: not only had he had to find out that his partner had cheated on him, but now there was a living and breathing proof of that infidelity.
-From the first time she was here, I told her that she was not allowed to enter your room and she, being respectful of the rules despite the natural curiosity of a child, listened to me- he merely explained.
And it was precisely that weakness that suggested his modus operandi: he would continue his relationship with Gregory, of course after getting rid of the boy who had tried to take his place, and would generously forgive Greg, showing his magnanimous and gentle side.
John opened his eyes in disbelief: if Elizabeth Watson had been outside the door, Sherlock would have been in big troubles as soon as they had come face to face.
He's a Holmes, and I'm the only one who can stand by him... And I'd like you to be part of my future and his.
Long story short, the Army did finance my studies and internship and in return I joined the Army and once I graduated, I offered my medical skills as a military doctor.
That night when Sherlock had finally told him what had happened during his absence, John had only needed a glance to know that the detective had omitted something, but for the first time that night they had managed to speak as they used to do, without tense silences or without arguing as was the case too often since Sherlock’s return, so he preferred not to investigate further hoping that what he did not know would not have consequences.
Besides, Sally and I haven't had a chance to talk lately, so what better chance than this?- John pointed it out.
-But I know Sherlock, I'm one of the few who really knows him, and I know that if I gave him another chance and he let me down again, there will be nothing left of me- answered John honest.
The man sitting in seat A6, despite being seated by the window, avoided looking at the view outside of the porthole; after all, what would be different from so many other airports, other countries he had visited in the last three years?
He had seen it so many times in the months he lived with Sherlock and had missed it incredibly during his absence: the exact moment when the last piece of the puzzle went to its place and everything finally made sense, allowing Sherlock to solve the mystery.
-When our father died we were young, maybe too young, and while I pretended to be fine while I started the most in-depth study of drugs ever seen up to that time, to stun me and forget what had happened, Mycroft transformed himself into the grey eminence of the British government...-
Trying not to make any noise, the doctor unbuttoned his coat and took off his shoes placing them neatly next to the door before moving into the living room; he curiously glanced at the kitchen noting the bottle used for the last feeding of the day abandoned on the kitchen counter, returning to focus his attention on the man a few meters from him.
Whose genius was mind-blowing and unparalleled... A man who had put his life at risk to save his own, to make sure John was there with him now.
Sherlock picked it up and allowed himself a smile, unable to free himself from the feeling that things would soon return to normal.
-According to the calculations it is a little small for a child of twenty-six weeks, but usually the firstborns are always small and in this particular case the figures do not surprise me, but we still have thirteen weeks before childbirth and during the eighth month the fetus always has a further growth.
"You should know by now that I'm not the type to indulge in useless actions" Sherlock said, starting the kettle and taking a clean bottle the next moment- John needed to be reminded that his place is here-commented.
What had scared him the most was learning about Mrs. Hudson's health problems and the radical change that had taken place in John.
Sherlock shut up for a few moments, still looking into the doctor's eyes, reading into them every emotion the man was feeling at the time: confusion? Worry?
His landlady seemed particularly in a good mood and John  smiled, despite his own melancholy: he was happy that the elderly woman had begun to move on with her own  life, not to let herself be torn down by that day as had happened previously.
Harry let the silence fall again into the living room and focused on her drink, stealing a couple of biscuits from the saucer in the middle of the table.
After a night of sleeping, Sherlock was awakened by the sound of a text on his mobile phone; and it was that text that brought him there, sitting at a Speedy's coffee table with a cup of black coffee in front of him, his gaze fixed on the front door.
-Of course, not... At the same time, you can't wait to let me know your feelings, to let me know how much my actions have hurt you...- retorted Sherlock in the usual analytical way in which he exposed the evidence on a case.
Sherlock shook his head, mentally scolding himself for what turned out to be an erroneous deduction: it was evident that what had happened between them had not had the same meaning for John as he did for him.
-It's simple: in eight  weeks Baby Girl’s baby will be born and then she will still be homeless, but she will also have to take care of her daughter-began Sherlock in a practical tone, without expecting any reply.
Without adding anything else, John turned to Greg, who reciprocated his gaze with a glance at the same time incredulous and worried.
A perfect facade of respectability and luxury to hide your most forbidden desires... Just like your fiancé-added the man almost as an afterthought.
"Better you than one of the homeless people so devoted to my brother..." Greg replied in a good imitation of Mycroft's voice.
-Hey Sherlock, do you want to have breakfast with us? -asked Jack as he approached the stove to retrieve a plate full of pancakes.
While John briefly summed up how Daniel and Gregory had met and what prompted the detective to take him in their house, Mycroft had remained silent with his eyes closed, as if he wanted to escape from his own mistakes and stupidity.
-I'm never the best person for this kind of thing, but in the end this task always falls on my shoulders... When it comes to getting the truth out, no one is better than me-
With quick gestures, John pulled a portable pressure-measuring device, a stethoscope and a light out of his jacket's pockets, leading Sherlock to wonder how he didn't notice anything outside from normal in the doctor's appearance... as usual, John had managed to amaze him.
That morning, when he arrived at work, he had shown himself affable with everyone, showing off his friendly smile and managing to exchange a few words with  Stephanie, the  receptionist, and promising her that they would find the time for a coffee break  together, before locking themselves in his office.
-Sherlock...- the woman immediately scolded him gently- I recently found out too and I don't have any obvious symptoms, so I'm not surprised that Robert didn't notice-
In the last photo the boy was standing, ready to return to his "work" and staring at Greg with an uncertain look as the detective's hand stretched towards him, a piece of paper between his fingers.
The man lowered his head, looking at the tip of the loafers for a few moments, and then shook his head slowly.
-It’s different, Johnny's... If I'd let her, she'd had been with me even in the worst of times, but I couldn't ruin her life like I was ruining mine.
At that sight John smiled and in the absence of a bib, wiped the chin damp with saliva with the sleeve of his sweater with delicate and tentative gestures.
Since his arrival, during the hours he was awake, Daniel constantly had the television on both to distract himself and to fight the silence of the empty house.
- Cool. Although I don't have the faintest idea who they are, but it still sounds cool... Then what happened?  -he asked.
Hiding his feelings behind the usual detached and indifferent mask, he heard a motorcycle and looked up in time to see John leave on the bike, trying not to be overwhelmed by the panic that seemed to take hold of his person.
Moving into John's embrace, Sherlock turned and moved around the blonde, settling behind him and placing both hands on John's hips, relaxing further as the blonde head settled on his right shoulder.
The doorbell rang a second time and John was forced to play a balancing act to get back on his feet without letting Hamish out of his arms and, before heading to the front door, the man stopped next to the stereo system and turned off the music.
Of course, she still wanted me dead because of Moriarty but that didn't stop our friendship from developing- explained Sherlock, trying to use simple terms.
Every time those thoughts gripped him, John shook his head and let a new patient in, trying to make himself useful.
-Okay. It was a stranger guy who did this to you; can I ask you why?- John asked again, cleaning the dry blood to get a clear view of the wound.
-A date- confirmed Sherlock before getting up and having Hamish sit in the playpen full of toys that they had arranged in the living room in perfect view with the detective's unorganized desk.
The only human being to interest him for more than an hour besides John; a companion and fighter with whom he had been able to fight on equal terms, allowing himself to be tempted by her intelligence and fascinated by her recklessness in the face of danger.
"This is my favorite version of you" Greg said, leaning against the door jamb, his arms folded against his chest.
-I think there's a misunderstanding Sir, this table is not available...-repeated the boy, a greater emphasis on the last word.
Greg thought, going back with his mind to those college classmates who were happy with some "action" as long as their girlfriend didn't know.
Only then did he make his way to the kitchen, where he was greeted by a pleasant smell of food, which made him smile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, obviously annoyed that in that situation what caught John's attention was his name.
-I really don't understand your reaction. If the rumors I heard were true it had to happen sooner or later-
Upon their arrival they were greeted by a housekeeper, whom Sherlock called Myrtle and from whom he was called Lock, despite being in his forties, causing an amused smile on John and Emma’s lips and causing the detective to turn a pretty shade of pink.
For a few seconds, he had wondered if he should not approach him and ask him to join them, but then he understood the real motives that had driven the detective there: as absurd as it seemed, Sherlock Holmes was there to woo him and would have followed his rules, also taking into account the possibility of John leaving with someone else.
-She died a few years ago, while I was still in Afghanistan, but not a day goes by without even thinking about her, especially now that I've become a father.
At those words, John looked away from the door and placed his eyes on the detective, now standing next to the step leading to the red door.
It was then that he felt the presence of a stranger a few steps away, followed a few moments later by a slight cough to announce his presence: Lestrade.
Sherlock smiled and his lips teased more of John’s neck till the doctor turned his head and pulled Sherlock face closer as their lips met.
Then the astonishment gave way to pride and love: knowing the man in front of him, there were only two people in the world who knew his real name and learning that secret once again demonstrated the depth of the detective's feelings.
At first, they were very reluctant, some barely remembered me, but it was enough to make your name and they calmed down.
They ate in silence, as if they were two strangers forced to share a coffee table in an overcrowded café, until Sherlock pushed aside his plate empty for three quarters, instantly noticing the satisfied smile that John had hurried to conceal and, cup clenched in his hands, stared at the doctor.
The driver, seeing the assault on his person and the crutch he tried to keep firmly planted on the ground to avoid falling, got out of the car and helped him climb in, before driving away from the reporters.
-I also know that this child would be my only chance to start a family in case I decided to stay with Sherlock, but...
After the speech he had dropped into the armchair, taking a small sip of whiskey and silently waited for the other to speak.
John moved slightly into his armchair so he could meet Sherlock's gaze and smiled, genuinely surprised by the kind words the man had just spent on two of the people he loved the least.
At those words Mycroft halted, unable to breathe, to move, unable to cope with the mental image that those words had shown him.
He heard him exchange a few words with Mrs. Hudson, and while he waited Sherlock settled down more comfortably for the battle that awaited him in few minutes.
Beneath him, the black-haired man moved in his sleep, unconsciously moving his arm until it rested around John's shoulders, and once sure it wasn't a dream, he rubbed a cheek against the doctor's hair.
The annoyed look that Sherlock turned to him for those words, made the little smile that framed his lips disappear.
He had obviously tried to contact John, but he wasn't surprised when his call was transferred to voicemail.
On screen the red-haired woman was sacrificing her life so she could be reunited with her husband once again sent back in time by the last surviving Weeping Angel and for a moment Sherlock wondered if John would do the same.
"Yes, but why?" the little girl insisted, looking up at Sherlock and forcing him to stop what he was doing and meet her eyes.
Our lives will always be too chaotic or too dangerous for a child, but we are a couple and we have already proven to be good parents, however absurd it may seem to the outside world.
I could lie and say that song started suddenly, as soon as you turned on the stereo, but we both know you choose it.
He had no idea what had driven him there, on a Monday night, when he could devote himself to his own experiments without John's constant meddling, but he was convinced that this was the place he was supposed to be.
-I've always knew you have a way with words...- John said before swallowing visibly. -I promise you we'll have sex, soon...-
With each button a new section of pale and perfect skin came to view, increasing John’s desire to imprint his own mark, to leave scratches on that skin so delicate yet so resistant.
When I got home, he kept me busy and focused my attention on something more challenging than my nightmares" - Sherlock concluded.
But when you jumped off that roof... Damn Sherlock did you stop for a moment to think about what your suicide would mean for John? -Greg asked, letting his irritation shine through for the first time.
Sherlock smiled at his son and effortlessly lifted the child placing him on his shoulders, a hand on the little one's bony knee to keep him still.
But above all, what did he want? Was he ready to leave behind a life of solitude, completely focused on his own work and his experiments to make room for another person?
Sherlock had followed him a few moments later, flooding his hand with the sticky and warm proof of his pleasure, murmuring his name and laying his forehead on his shoulder, wrapping an arm around John’s waist to better support himself.
"Would you like to keep our relationship a secret?" asked Sherlock, his long fingers tight around John's waist.
Sitting on the ground, her legs covered in a dirty, torn blanket was a girl Sherlock had never seen before in all the years of his acquaintance with the homeless in London: she was not even twenty years old, long black hair greasy and dull half-back  length, an emaciated and sharp face, from which bulged the round nose and thin mouth.
Letting his head go against the back of the seat, Mycroft tried to control the frantic beats of his heart...
"Things haven't changed much since you and your sister were little" he said, "But it's time for you and this little guy to spend some time alone" he said, stopping next to John.
-The first time that as a teenager he's complaining because we're kissing, I'll remind him that as a child his only reaction was to look at us happily and laugh-Sherlock said in a slightly hoarse voice.
In those short minutes, John wondered what was going on in Baker Street: was the child still there, or had Sherlock found a way to entrust him to someone?
-If you miss my explosive experiments, I can get to work even now- joked the other one with a slight smile on his lips.
It was actions like this one that left John speechless and showed him how far the detective had come from their first meeting in an analysis lab at Bart's Hospital.
Of course, things weren't easy after...-he said without finishing the sentence, aware that John would understand perfectly what he was alluding to.
The next moment the door opened, leaving Sherlock stunned: on the threshold was one of the homeless who was part of his network of informants.
For a few moments in the room there was silence until, unable to hold back much longer, Sally burst out laughing, drawing the attention of the two men.
Your pain, what you've had to endure over the last three years because of me, was the best cover I could have.
Do you want to woo him? That's a good idea! Take him to a good restaurant, not too expensive, have a good conversation, try to eat part of your dinner, and above all avoid the huge elephant that is among you right now, otherwise you will end up ruining everything.
He is very reluctant to talk about what happened with us, he is still very ashamed of it, so I do not think Sherlock has been informed about it.
John was certain that if he allowed Sherlock to explain himself, anger would take over again, leading him to do something he would regret.
John had not considered the other aspects that Sherlock's reappearance in his life brought with him: the day after his return, the kitchen turns back into a laboratory and above all his return from the world of the dead had brought with him Mycroft's presence.
This time it was John's turn to roll his eyes upwards, before returning serious, fighting with himself for a few moments before asking the next question.
He knew John, he was his roommate, his best friend, and none of those man in the club knew him better than he did.
Sherlock had remained silent for a few moments, unsure how to begin the speech, until he let a sigh leave his lips, preparing for the long speech that awaited him.
A murmur inside granted him access to the office and only then did Greg open the door: the office had not changed since the only time he had seen it, the same walls of fake wood, the three bookcases full of volumes, the sofa and the cream-colored armchair, separated from a tea table.
"You didn't do it for me!" exclaimed John, echoing his voice in the living room and probably also downstairs.
Maybe you will spend days without thinking about Sherlock, until something completely disconnected from him or what you had together will bring him back to your mind-
Was he supposed to close five years, no eighteen months of life in common, now that he was one step away from getting everything he wanted?
Sherlock was the most spectacular person he had ever met, while John was ordinary, the most common person you could imagine to meet.
John quickly sought further reasons to end that unseemly conversation: he could tell her that he didn't want to know, that he didn't need any more information, that the mere fact that they had been together annoyed him; but another part of his brain (
-Oh, really interesting... And tell me, from one junkie to another: how do you get your fix? -asked him the black-haired man in a conspirator tone.
-Do you want a night of madness and then everything back to normal? Consultant detective and blogger as usual? -John asked him before stopping again to take a deep breath-I've known you for too long not to know that what I want from you is clear like a tattoo on your forehead, so it's up to you to decide.
Despite being opposed to the Gay Pride because he did not feel he belong to said community, Sherlock was there for Hamish and Hope because he would do everything to prevent them from being targeted by ignorant children who considered their family wrong or unnatural; Sherlock was there to avoid that their children would one day feel embarrassed about something as normal and beautiful as the love John felt in this very moment for Sherlock, so that one day faced with injustice they would be ready to fight with all their might.
There were also two armchairs and a sofa, but while those in his living room told a story, with various acid burns or tea stains, these seemed to have just come out of the furniture store.
- Last time we went to the National History Museum; you spent all your time reading me the information tags! - she reminded him.
John sighed, upsetting his hair with a nervous gesture, still shocked by the innocence with which Sherlock could talk about a similar subject, before looking up at his partner.
"Maybe you should explain the experiment to Misha one more time, maybe he was distracted the first one..." he pointed out, making a funny face to the child.
Those words managed to shatter the playful atmosphere that the two brothers had created, bringing John back to the present and reminding him why he was there and not in Baker Street.
Sherlock took two more steps stopping by the entrance of the living room and stared at John, the man who had entered his life with the intention of sharing an apartment and who had quickly become his best friend, the secret object of his desire and the only person in the world whom Sherlock would put his life at risk against Moriarty and his henchmen.
John let out a sigh, certainly the first in a long series, and turned to the two men, who had meanwhile taken their seats on the sofa in front of them.
But this situation was complicated and difficult to examine coldly: he still could not believe that a beautiful smile and a young body had been enough for Gregory to cheat on him, to jeopardize years of life in common, all their dreams of a future together.
"There will still be days when I will be unbearable, when my experiments will annoy you, when I will not say more than five words in twenty-four hours... - he listed again.
Tomorrow I'm going to take you around town... London is so big and constantly evolving that I think it's best to get to know it as soon as possible" he said, looking back at the child who watched the world out the window.
The military man, perhaps sensing that this was a special day, had agreed and promise Greg to let him have news as soon as possible.
"I don't see why not" John said, turning around the armchair and approaching the stairs that would take him to his bedroom.
How could he have foreseen then that John Watson, a doctor, a soldier miraculously survived a shoulder injury in the afghan desert, with his sweaters and his cups of tea, his reproaches and exclamations of wonder, would become the only person in the world without whom he felt incomplete.
An expression of scorn appeared on Sherlock's face, before the detective quickly shook his head, moving the rebellious curls in an improvised choreography.
-The park? Do you mean Bletchely Park? -John interrupted her in disbelief - Your husband was a war hero! -he exclaimed in disbelief.
He had looked up at his father's face and for an instant the two men had stared at each other in silence, until Mr. Watson had taken a long breath.
There was still doubt as to the identity of the man in the photo, but  he could not find the courage to ask the right question.
-I know I'm not the ideal man to build a family with, but I promise you I will do everything I can, and the impossible if I have to, so that you always have everything you need and that you, Hamish and the little girl are happy.
Molly confirmed that he died of a heart attack and that the head wound was inflicted when he was already dead.
-Yes. His name is Hamish and his arrival was a surprise to both me and Sherlock-he told them looking once again at Baby Girl.
John's face hardened more to those words, and for a moment Sherlock was certain that the other would strike him. again
Feeling the warm and gentle touch of Sherlock lips on his skin John thrown his head back and moaned.
Only Holmes men can be active and snappy as soon as they wake up... Oh no, wait, not even the Holmes man I know - John said with a wry smile before approaching his partner's face for a quick kiss on Sherlock’s soft lips.
While Sally was busy with her own jacket, and Greg and John were busy placing the various containers on the table, Jack approached the refrigerator and took two beers for the newcomers.
"Oh, you mean the endless list of reasons why you won’t come with us to the Parade?” John asked him taking a step into the living room.
John would have done the same if the situation had been reversed and although everyone was convinced Sherlock was a heartless machine, he was the only one who knew the truth.
“Johnny you're my son, there's always going to be a place for you here if you need it, but this isn't your home” Mr. Watson said, interrupting mid-sentence.
"I haven't trained for three years" said Sherlock, while placing the instrument against my shoulder.
Then there were those moments of apathy, of complete boredom in which Sherlock swore that he could hear his own brain cells rotting and dying from the lack of stimulation; in a distant past he had fought the silence of his mind with his beloved cigarettes and cocaine, his favorite drug.
-That's what you do in a restaurant, isn't it? - Sherlock retorted, not directly answering the question.
Once again, the woman had meddled in their private matters, even going so far as to bypass him and meet John directly, thus risking ruining everything.
I think it was a way to clear his head... He could have found worse methods-commented the woman, almost overthinking.
The detective would get over it: Sherlock would brood a little because things hadn't gone the way he wanted, but then he would realize that this was the best solution, so he would contact Irene, and everything would work out in the best way.
Sarah had found Hamish in perfect health and in good standing with the mandatory vaccinations and had advised both of them to start the weaning process, already a few months late, as soon as possible.
Sherlock assessed his options, considering the benefits of the friendship between him and John, the staple of his existence made of deductions, cups of tea, outbursts of anger at the fault of human remains in the refrigerator and the absolute certainty that the other would always be there if he needed help.
"Well, then I'll let you know as soon as possible if there's anything new" John said before turning to Baby Girl- In the meantime you'll take your medication and at the first cramp or symptom that something's wrong, you'll send me to call.
But if you really want to do something nice for me, how about giving me that information? -Greg tried.
After making his decision and discussing the details further with Sherlock, John had left the Baker Street apartment and set off to the place where he was most likely to find Baby Girl and Boss.
Sherlock thought back to the first time he had seen John, in that slightly grainy photo of surveillance cameras; he thought back to the first time they had come face to face, to John's disbelieving and hurt look.
During his absence, a new chapter in the life of the Apartment B at 221 Baker Street had begun, and suddenly John was jealous that he was not a part of it as usual.
In his twisted manner he was always worried about you and if that scarf had really been in his possession, then you would have had it a long time before, maybe even three years ago- continued Greg pleading for the man's cause.
As Mycroft had predicted on the day Hamish became part of their lives, the child had already started crawling and, although it was evident that crawling for him was a lot of fun, he seemed ready to attempt the next step and now his mind was engaged in seeking the right movements that would allow him to stand up.
The smile he had in response to his words was the most beautiful and luminous to ever appear on Sherlock's face and managed to remove any doubts  remaining on  John's mind.
Mycroft had remained silent a few moments, considering his words, before making a slight nod with his head.
"Why did I become friend with her in spite of everything she did to us?" he asked, receiving a nod in return.
John raised his hands and cupped Sherlock’s face, allowing John to  come face-to-face with Sherlock when he raised on his toes.
"Of course, I'm not allowed to ask you what has tormented you these days" Mycroft said, stroking the inside of Greg’s fingers with his own.
"Jesus Christ, when was the last time that you have eaten?" Greg asked, pausing in the center of the office.
John stroked his beard on his jaw and aware that it would be useless to scold Jack, he moved to the kitchen to resume his breakfast.
Being honest with himself, Lestrade was willing to admit that he would gladly accept Sherlock's help, despite the not-so-veiled insults and invectives that would surely accompany him, but after what had happened the last time they had worked together, he didn't feel like risking it again, even if it meant the increase in unsolved crimes.
They had just come out of a pub, but it was clear that the only thing that had drawn them there had been the sheltered and warm place to fight the cold evening wind: from that distance to Greg it seemed that both were under twenty-five years old; while one had short brown hair, the other had red, thick hair long enough to making him look like a woman at a first glance, if he had not paid attention to the broad shoulders.
John, one cup in each hand, entered the living room and placed both cups on the coffee table at a safe distance from Hamish, before turning a curious glance to his partner.
"Yeah…I want our children to be proud of us and our family. I want them to always be ready to fight against any kind of injustice. I need…I need to know that I did everything I can to give them the means to fight against every single person that will try to make them feel wrong or dirty because of our relationship." John concluded calm and firm.
-You should know by now how much I'm well-behaved... Even at the cost of ruining my liver-answered Jack with a smile.
Once in their bedroom, John pushed lightly on Sherlock's shoulders until the man was seated on the edge of the bed; but before John could make any move, Sherlock's lips rested on the doctor's abs, mouthing the rib line, biting the soft skin of his navel before sinking his tongue into it.
"You never do the cleaning" John pointed out before leaning toward Sherlock's face leaving a few small kisses on Sherlock's full lips.
Don't look at me like that! I can be romantic I want to, it's not my fault that you weren't impressed with it" he exclaimed as an answer to John's incredulous gaze.
"You are going to think of me as old school, but I have to ask you: what are your intentions towards Sherlock?" she decided to ask.
At that moment he hated everything and everyone... He just wanted to be home, in his own bed and sleep for ten hours straight.
"Is there anything I can say to dissuade you from going to 221B Baker Street as soon as you get out of this car?"asked Mycroft, ripping him back from his thoughts.
It was only when the child began to complain in his cot that Sherlock broke away from his thoughts and approached the child.
You knew how he was like when you decided to turn your friendship into something else- the older man pointed out to him.
It was strange how he could not accept the concept of loneliness after spending much of his life in a voluntary isolation, to avoid the pain and misunderstandings that human relations carry behind.
She just needed to look at the child once and her eyes had sparkled, like she found herself in front of a new corpse to analyzed.
Yet many things had changed in the last few days: since meeting Boss and Baby Girl, for some strange reason, Sherlock had become affectionate, and eager to show his feelings, his own need for love and also protection (  even though Sherlock would torn him to pieces with a few words just for thinking such a thing.)
He worked with kettle and mug making as much noise as possible, trying to give even a minimum of privacy to the two adults, but still managing to hear some whispered phrases.
Even in my blind adoration for you, I realized that she was different- Molly couldn't help but ask him.
Greg looked at his coat and noticed that, perfectly visible for the entire time of their conversation, the arm holster of his gun had peeped out of his coat.
"Now you're getting unnecessarily vulgar" Mycroft accused him, turning his back on him to walk into the living room.
-Ok, why don't we all calm down?- John interrupted them turning to Greg and looking for his friend's gaze. - Why don't you go out and smoke a cigarette?- he proposed.
In the room sounded the pleasant and soothing notes of the violin that Sherlock, in pajama pants and dressing gowns despite being five o'clock in the afternoon, played with undisputed mastery for the exclusive benefit of the child and the adult sitting on the floor next to the tea table.
Settling next to Sherlock, John clasped his hands on the handles of Hope's stroller and smiled when he noticed the pat that Greg gave to Sherlock’s shoulder to show his approval and friendship.
To hear his name, John annulled the murmur that had developed in the waiting room and focused exclusively on small television waiting for the answer.
The wrinkles around his eyes had been heightened, as had the black dark circles that accompanied him since he started the police academy.
-Fuck... Okay, I need you to come to my house with your first aid kit" Greg told him after taking a deep breath.
Last night John had behaved exactly as he would have done with one of his conquests, with some important changes of course, but the same attention he had focused on Sherlock had been directed (and appreciated) so many times before in the past by different men and women.
Damn they were a couple; they should have talked about it together before making such important decisions about their future!
Fifteen minutes later, the taxi stopped at the designated address and, after paying for the ride with the addition of a generous tip to thank the taxi driver, John went out onto the road and looked at the blue door in front.
John let a nervous laugh go, in his mind the memory of the first words Sherlock had used to describe Mycroft.
-Okay… We met again a month later, we introduced ourselves and at the end of the evening we slept together- concluded Jack.
The passenger of the A6 stood  up, slightly bending  his head to avoid colliding with the overhead bins  and with a single step of the long legs, climbed over the banker sitting by his side before  the man even  hinted at moving, stopping in the corridor just enough time to take his travel bag in to the compartment above.
Never in his life and despite his irascible temper, had he felt the desire to hit a woman, but Irene could touch nerves unknown to him making him feel a terrible person.
After spending a fantastic evening with John, and picking up Hamish from apartment 221A, he had spent a few hours playing the violin, helping his roommates’ sleep ahead of the next morning's London Zoo date, but apparently there really was a higher entity.
With a quick movement, Sherlock stood before him, both hands on the sides of his face, eyes looking for the doctor's blue ones.
-Everything you've ever wanted, what we talked about... You, me, a family, a life full of action and adrenaline... You just have to admit that you miss me and Hamish, because we desperately miss you...-Sherlock confessed honest as few other times in his life.
Right now, knowing that John was enraged, really angry with him was a positive factor: Sherlock knew that John would never abandon a discussion in half when his anger towards the detective had reached these levels.
He would have recognised that profile everywhere, but it was impossible for him to be there at Scotland Yard.
He has various bruises on his left and right hand and I'm pretty sure you'll find more on his knees...-
-No, I don’t. Yes... Oh God! -John blurted out just as confused before lowering his gaze on the hand that still held the girl's one.
-Ah... You're here - said the doctor, abandoning the cane by the door and moving toward the kitchen.
But to be honest I don't want to talk about it now; it's late and I have to go home-said John fixing his own sweater.
The blonde covered his mouth with one hand for a few moments taking a deep breath, trying to control the anger he felt was ready to explode at the first wrong word from the detective, at the first hint of sarcastic tone, staring at Sherlock's gaze for a long time.
The doctor was dressed in a pair of black jeans that highlighted his solid legs and narrow waist and a black-striped shirt that accentuated his firm chest and arm muscles covered by a black waistcoat with a white handkerchief; it was a typical and at the same time unusual attire for the man (
Sherlock had looked up at the inspector and found him absorbed in his own thoughts, his absent eyes fixed on Emma.
Emma chuckled at those words, letting herself go under the water's surface for a few moments before re-emerging as if she were a fish.
He knew he was sexy when he wore "Captain Watson" skin, it was thanks to his confident and affable attitudes that he had earned his nickname in the Army but to know that even Sherlock, so impenetrable, was impressed with it, embarrassed him for some strange reason, and led him to wonder what would have happened if he had exploited that information.
Despite his perfectly ironed shirt and creaseless suit, Greg could clearly see behind that mask: his partner’s face was also plagued by deep dark circles under his eyes, his face slightly hollowed out at the height of his cheeks, and his complexion had turned a weird shade of grey.
"How do you plan to provide for your needs and those of your little girl living on the streets of London?" he asked her in a calm tone.
Sherlock snorted, clearly annoyed, but made no objections, aware that he would not achieve anything.
Several times he had drawn upon himself the incredulous, sometimes horrified, gaze of passers-by who had heard him talk about murders with a newborn, but as always he had answered that look carelessly: Hamish was his son, he understood perfectly why he was telling those stories and given the lack of complaints, Sherlock could say quietly that Hamish loved those stories almost as much as he did.
So he had walked the streets of London, finally free, without having to look over his shoulder every moment in search of snipers or assassins who might be on his trail.
"Okay, do you think any of his clients could have killed him?" -Greg asked then, trying not to get frustrated.
Was he ready to take the last step that would turn their friendship into a full-fledged romantic relationship?
Satisfied, Sherlock rose from his armchair and made his way to the lectern, ready to put his plan into action.
-Usually muscle irritations are an impediment during sexual intercourse-said Sherlock, interrupting the silence.
Sherlock Holmes had never been a sentimental man, but he could empathize with the man's words on screen without any problem: he had done anything to make John sit next to him.
A breath of relief came to his ear, taking him by surprise: if Sherlock showed up there, it meant that Mycroft knew where he had hidden and consequently Greg, so why was the inspector so relieved to hear his voice?
-I guess there's nothing I wouldn't let you do... If you'll let me do the same- he added in a whisper.
But I'm sure you read the files and that you are already aware of this-commented John, shaking his head a little.
The sound of footsteps moving away led him to look up, discovering himself alone in the living room.
"So many things happened last night, should we discuss them all?"asked the man, and for a moment John could not figure out if it was a serious question or if Sherlock was making fun of him.
The next moment a strong arm tangled around Sherlock's waist and soon after John's compact body was against the black-haired man’s back, bringing their pelvis close and making them move together to the rhythm of the music.
On the short journey from the Zoo to Baker Street, Hamish had fallen asleep, his head dashed by the wool hat and once they entered their apartment, John helped Sherlock to free the baby from the baby carrier, coat and shoes and with extreme caution took him to the detective's room where the little boy's cot was.
Emma remained silent for a few moments, heedless of the people passing by to reach the upper floor or on the stairs to take photographs.
Of course, he knew it wouldn't be easy, that he couldn't expect to be welcomed with open arms, in fact he was especially concerned about the reaction John would have when they will see each other again for the first time, but now that he was back he wasn't going to wait a moment longer than necessary.
It was clear from his words that a smile was framing his face and for a moment Sherlock found himself jealous of that little girl, for her ability to make him smile only with a few words, only with her presence.
I know you're not really a couple: there's nothing in your attitude, your movements or your mood that confirms a physical relationship between you two.
-What's that? What you mean, Hamish is with you? -Greg said clearly in disbelief at the other man’s words.
"I have to assume that things between you and Dr. Watson are fine now" she said with a knowing smile.
Trying to recover from his treacherous thoughts before Sherlock could read them directly from his face, John cleared his throat and laid his eyes on Emma, who in those few moments of silence had remained beside them and who now watched them curiously.
Despite your absence at the press conference, journalists were eager to know your reactions and what happened to you during these years.
It was a stupid reaction, he was perfectly aware of it, but the image of John making out with a stranger had appeared in his mind, distracting him.
-You don't have to feel obligated. But it's clear that Emma would like it if you joined us- he said.
That morning he had briefly seen the detective, but the man had not made the slightest hint at the press conference; for a moment John relive the past days to find a clue, without finding anything besides the countless messages Sherlock had sent from his mobile phone and the hours he spent playing the violin, as if he wanted to recuperate the lost years.
Conversation between the two housemates was minimal, mostly focused on Hamish, and Sherlock had not escaped John's total disinterest in his meals, or the hours of sleep slept by the detective.
) to try a different look at the last moment before deciding that he preferred the previous one, arrange the knot to the tie so that it was perfectly in the center (
John nodded, trying to control the heartbeats of his own heart that had gone mad about the hidden meanings of Baby Girl's speech.
Something that awakened an unpleasant memory in his mind and that brought the detective back to a period of their life that he believed was over forever.
The smile on the blonde's face reached  his ocean-blue eyes making them even more beautiful and Sherlock was pulled into John’s stare.
The same happens with the brothers: you can have the same parents and be completely different or be identical but have nothing in common-said Sherlock without looking away from Emma.
He had ended the phone call by thanking the doctor and for a long time had stared at the wall in front of his desk, reflecting on how a misjudgment had compromised a years-long relationship based on trust and love.
John nodded standing to his feet, then dropped the brush dirty with red paint on the newspaper carefully placed on the doorway.
-All of you have this absurd certainty that I can read your mind... I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I haven't developed this ability yet, so could you stop playing games and tell me why I'm here before I decide to get up and leave? -
Our friendship was immediately different from those I had in the past: this complete stranger who in less than two minutes can tell me the story of my life... Extraordinary.
An unexpected sheen appeared in John's eyes, leading him to wonder if he had said anything wrong, before the other man put his hand on his right cheek.
We are investigating some clubs, but as you can imagine it’s not easy-added Greg before sinking the fork into your own Cantonese rice.
Instead, in those five days, driven by the knowledge that Daniel needed him, he had made sure to go home every night at a decent time, bringing with him the paperwork he would otherwise fill in his office and takeaway for their dinner.
After a moment of hesitation Mycroft hurried to follow him down the corridor, unable to accept that a misjudgment could end their relationship.
-It started like this: a pill was enough to fall asleep and find myself in a world where I was once again useful and "indispensable" as only he was able to make me feel.
Then suddenly she was gone, leaving me with the bitterness of not having solved the mystery and a stupid phone full of mischievous messages-
You have no idea...-John said interrupting the sentence in half and looking away from the detective for a moment.
-But things will be different, there will be rules, and don't even think for a second that being roommates will change things between us again.
He cleared his throat, strangely embarrassed to have been discovered on the phone with Sherlock and drank the last sip of tea from his mug.
-No! I wasn’t talking about that, who cares about the corpse? -Sherlock abruptly interrupted him by making some agents not far from them turning to stare at him.
He looked closely at the man's face and noticed the serious expression and the pulled muscles that manifested discomfort with that situation.
She told me you were here and asked if I could bring it to you- explained the woman before taking a sip from her bottle.
Once again, he called himself an idiot for his inability to completely detach from the detective and refocused on the conversation.
The now empty bottle hung between Hamish's lips and with sure gestures John took it out of the child's grip and placed Hamish against his shoulder to help him burp, then he looked up and met Mycroft’s gaze and let go to a deep breath.
"If there's not an emergency" Greg said, taking the beer Jack had left on the table for him, carefully following John's movements and casting a glance at Sherlock, taking a sip from his own bottle.
Sherlock had expected that answer because the next moment he shook his head, leaning slightly forward, careful not to crush Hamish and placed an elbow on one knee.
Once again, the two men looked at each other and in that brief moment, as a thousand silent words and a thousand silent promises were uttered, Sherlock had no doubt: John Watson would still take a bullet for him to be sure of having him still by his side.
-No, but usually my clients are in a hurry to conclude, they don't want to take the risk of being seen by someone they know; you, however tense, were in no hurry... That's why I let you talk: I was testing my theory- Daniel said then looking up at the waiter who arranged in front of him the slice of cake and the cookies and poured the coffee into both cups.
Risk-loving Sherlock Holmes, had decided to back down because he knew John would never forgive him if he found out, perhaps putting in place the threat of looking for a new apartment where he would become even more inaccessible for the detective.
-You don't have it, do you? I'll tell you why: it's not because of the incompetence of your subordinates, but because it never happened!
It was an important step, he was aware of it, especially for a man like Sherlock who had always valued his own intimacy.
Accompanied by the applause of the crowd, John walked away from the stand and slowly descended the steps, returning to sit with the other members of his group.
This time it was John who remained silent, taking a moment to reflect: it had been obvious from the very first moment that their relationship was different from those that the detective had with Lestrade or Molly, although  he had never been able to understand what made it different.
This is the last chapter of this Fiction... I hope you had fun reading it, as much as I had fun writing it and traslating it.
Greg frowned, turning his gaze now on John now on the detective, noticing the battle-hardened expression of the black-haired man and the doctor's furious look, wondering what might have happened in the few minutes he had left them alone to provoke those reactions.
Exasperated John turned again, almost annulling the distance from Sherlock and observing the man’s face from below up, not at all intimidated by the height difference; Greg kept himself a short distance from the two, ready to intervene in case the situation worsened like last time, noting distractedly that the curious glances of most of the agents were now intent on following the scene.
Talking was a mistake, an instinctive action that he would regret bitterly in a few moments, but he had decided that if he had to give up on John, he would at least try to explain his own reasons and desires.
-Sherlock, we can't create a penguin colony in a London apartment... We'd just make them suffer- John retorted with an amused smile on his lips.
It would take less than a month before one of them takes good use on lethal weapons, poisons and so on.
Detaching himself from Sherlock's perfect mouth, John’s lips moved on his right cheek and cheekbone, teasing his long and white neck with his teeth, while his hands slid on his chest and focused on the small buttons of his shirt, freeing the former from the slot.
For now, I can only thank you one more time each one of you that read, left kudos and a comment to this story... You are shining stars! <3
Dimmock passed his hand through his hair and sighed, clearly confused; worried about her husband, Molly moved closer, stopping in front of him and took his hand in hers.
-I was there, sitting on the ledge, with my legs dangling in the void and here comes my personal guardian angel to sit next to me and talk until he can make me change my mind... Being rescued by the British government and his trusty right-hand man is something that happens once every two hundred years, like Halley's comet- he joked.
I tried amphetamines, I tried LSD, although I have to admit it wasn't a very wise choice given my hyperactive mind, and eventually I switched to heroin and then cocaine.
Sherlock spoke at length, recounting in detail everything that had happened from that day three years earlier at Barts, going through the injuries sustained during the Fall and the tricks taken to make everyone, John included, believe that Sherlock Holmes was indeed dead.
For a few moments the blonde remained silent, staring at the tabletop irreparably ruined by Sherlock's crazy experiments, before meeting his gaze again, a serious expression on his face.
-They saw with their own eyes how hard it was for you to overcome my... my disappearance and being, as you rightly said, close to you, now they see me as the villain of the story-said Sherlock, trying to drive out from his mind the memory of the last time he had heard that phrase and especially by whom.
At those words, John looked at him for a moment in silence, an expression incredulous on his face, which was almost immediately replaced by anger.
He had to admit to himself that he had not considered that eventuality and, cowardly, decided not to think about it even now because he did not have all the necessary evidences.
For a few moments silence fall in the room, until an incredulous sound ran away from the young man's undated lips.
Sherlock nodded, walking up the stairs, promptly followed by the doctor, letting the silence drop, until they were safe within the familiar walls of their apartment.
For a few moments silence fell between the two men, but John knew his father enough to know that there was something the other had to say and that both of them would not leave that room until everything was said and done.
To that statement, an expression and shock so genuine arose on John's face, causing the thunderous laugh of the detective and leading their table neighbors to cast curious glances at the couple.
-I know I'm not the ideal man to build a family with, but I promise you I will do everything I can, and the impossible if I have to, so that you always have everything you need and that you, Hamish are happy.-
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, clearly pissed for the man's words, deciding that he had wasted too much time being kind to Michael.
-You know what I mean: this secrecy, the boy; you didn't want to have Sherlock to come with me, so I assume Mycroft doesn’t know anything of this, or at least you hope he's unaware.
Then he was gone and honestly, I don't know if I'll be able to forgive him...-said leaving the sentence in half, unable to get rid of the knot that suddenly clenched his throat.
Given the age difference between me and Mycroft, at the time of my birth, there was more than one person who believed he was my grandfather instead of my father- started Sherlock.
It was a song he remembered from his teens, a group brought back to the fore thanks to a TV show, to which John had never paid much attention, but listening to the words of the singer, it was not difficult to understand why Sherlock had chosen it.
I haven't seen him since the last time he came to see me in the hospital, and it's been almost a year now.
John had always hidden his scar, partly because he considered it horrible, and partly because after seeing Sherlock's half naked and perfect body several times he knew perfectly well that he had no hope of matching it.
It had become apparent to him a few minutes before that this was not the road to Baker Street, even  though he had only managed to find now the strength to ask that question.
Since Sherlock's death, his relationship with Harry had changed: his increasingly fragile and troubled sister had taken on the role of protector.
Sherlock remained silent, observing the tension in John's shoulder and back muscles, the dark circles under his eyes, and for the umpteenth time the resigned expression that was clearly visible on the man's face.
John was ninety percent sure that the second person was Irene, especially after Hamish's arrive at Baker Street, but what the detective had said about the woman during their dinner was anything but a declaration of love...
-Because he's an idiot and I'm the masochist in love with an idiot-replied John without needing to think.
But we have created a life that reassures us and adapts to our needs... Without which we have shown that we are lost or able to barely function-
Sherlock frowned and stared at the doctor intrigued, noticing the volume he held tightly in his hands before returning to lay his eyes on his face.
The man sighed deeply and let the silence fall for a few moments, thinking carefully about how to answer the question.
"What would you do if I had done to Sherlock back then what you did today?" Greg asked again but did not give him time to answer before continuing. -He was a junkie, he lived on the street... What would you have done if he had asked me for help, with the same injuries as Daniel, and I had sent him back on his way? -
"I'd spend hours looking at you, cataloguing every little groan or shudder of yours" Sherlock whispered, looking up at John's face.
I had a great childhood: my father was a teacher, a real genius and we were really close, and, in some ways, I think I was also close to my brother, since he shared my intelligence- said Sherlock.
The sender did not surprise him in the slightest, rather he was staggered that Sherlock had waited so long to storm him again with his requests to return home.
"I don't think 00 agents usually walk the aisles for the public" said Anthea, her nose back in the BlackBerry.
"If you think about it, I don't think you had any reason to act like a jealous boyfriend: we weren't even a couple at the time" Sherlock pointed out, rational.
Sherlock's attention focused on the phone call as soon as he heard that name, leading him to stare intently at the inspector's back.
At thirty-seven, Sherlock was able to somewhat control his own deductions, slightly aware of the impact that certain revelations could have on the life of the person he had brilliantly deducted.
With a little bit of luck, they will leave, and they will not disturb us anymore-said Sherlock in a whisper.
Unfortunately, he had not yet come to any solution when, still in his studio, the noise of the front door opening came to his ears.
- But I can see why they chose poison: cutting their veins would have been messy, throwing themselves in front of a bus is not a sure way to end it and surely they could not do it together, they were too young to get a gun and hang themselves must have seemed too complicated- John concluded finally raising his glance from the body and noticing the gaze of all those present on himself, leading him to frown.
This time, however, instead of sitting on the uncomfortable carpet, John lay down on the portion left free by Hamish on the plaid, then turned to his side to observe the child.
The doctor had thought long and hard about the most suitable words to use to prevent his speech from taking a wrong turn or for Sherlock to feel compelled to accept this change, but with Sherlock you could not never be sure.
When we arrived at the camp, the most serious patient was me...-concluded with a smile devoid of irony.
She's going to need you... I mean, Sherlock is a genius, but even he won't be able to do much when he finds himself in front of a teenage girl with love problems- John said to her with a smile.
-The correct answer is: "Hello Jack, how are you?" -teased the other man, unperturbed by the detective's abrupt manners, entering the living room, passing Robert still standing at the door.
-It's always been you John; before the Fall and then when I was with Irene: she meant nothing to me because every time I had an orgasm I had you in mind.
"Did you sleep well?" asked the elderly man, the slightly grass-stained clothes that revealed his work in the garden.
"I didn't know!" repeated Sherlock for the umpteenth time, raising his voice slightly, provoking a sound of protest from Hamish.
His precise and habitual methods had also sent Sherlock into confusion, hiding that hidden facade that took him to gay clubs every Monday night, which had made him "the most desired gay in England", hiding from the sight of many his drug-addicted past.
Once in the kitchen John placed his bag on the table, then approached Daniel with a friendly smile on his lips, observing with a medical eye his half-closed right eye, his split lower lip, the scratches on his knuckles, quickly considering which words to use to make the boy let him examine his chest and abdomen without considering him a threat.
Boss smiled and nodded, silencing with that gesture all the fears that had accompanied the medical examination.
He turned and watched the main street, people rushing into shops or leaving the restaurants, tourists taking pictures next to the golden lions and shook his head, feeling paranoid.
-You can't talk about this in front of Misha! It's not an appropriate conversation - the blond scolded him.
Or when I was away from home for cooking classes around England? -Mr. Watson said, crossing his arms to his chest.
He would fight with tooth and nails, that was for sure, but how could he rob a child of his family, his real parents?
He then took the stethoscope and moved it for a few moments to find the spot where the baby was placed, a smile framing his face.
-Detective Lestrade had to knock down the door. I'll never forget that day- said Mrs. Hudson without adding anything else.
-So that's what you do in your spare time... - murmured Jack, taking the piss at him-Never tried something quieter, like chess? -
-But I do not want to rush things, I want things to progress slowly, find out what you like and what turns you on...-he added, turning in Sherlock’s arms so he could look at Sherlock’s face, stroking with his thumb the vein in his neck that became evident every time Sherlock moved his neck to the right.
A stranger had occupied John Watson's post, increasing the number of unanswered questions in Sherlock's mind.
John had to be the luckiest bastard in the universe if among millions of more deserving people, Sherlock had chosen him.
If he had received a similar message three years ago, he would have immediately thought of a new challenge launched by Moriarty, but the death of the criminal consultant excluded, of course, that possibility.
"Don't you dare!" he said with flaming eyes "I've spent three years of my life fighting to protect you, to keep Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade safe”
His lips closed around Sherlock's lower lip, gently touching him, his eyes still open to meet the other's, reading the surprise before Sherlock let go and responded to the kiss, closing his eyes and putting a hand on John’s left side.
Once in front of the door, Greg took a deep breath and knocked, aware that the other man had already felt his presence, probably since the elevator doors had opened.
To be honest, a part of him had hoped that John would build a life with someone else, so at least he wouldn't just mourn his passing for the rest of his days.
Mycroft knew that the situation between the two men had improved slightly, that John had allowed his brother to explain himself and recount the adventures he had been in the last few years and was also aware that his brother had omitted a very important detail, which would make things worse irreparably between the two men if it had come to light one day.
Once he would not have had the slightest doubt, but now seeing how their complicated relationship was he no longer had that security.
-My roommate and I hunt down criminals, only the interesting ones though, collaborating with Scotland Yard, running around the streets of London and risking our lives while I try at the same time to keep us safe and alive-summed up the blonde.
The feeling of finally being in the right place, at the right time with the one person with whom he could have indulged in that intimacy without fear of being mocked, of being hurt or betrayed.
Looking for the perfect family, which would look after him with love and he would not miss anything, making sure he will grow up like a normal child.
John continued to walk, careless of people's curious glances and shouted questions at him at a speed unthinkable even for Sherlock and tried to stop a taxi, which passed him by careless of his outstretched arm.
This time, however, Sherlock had decided to abandon his experiment and settle down next to John, on the other side of the sofa, while the doctor was focused on a movie on tv about a man mistaken for Jesus, making him laugh and sneer every two minutes.
John shook his head and passed the volume to Lestrade who glanced at the cover before returning to stare at the two men.
The next moment John put himself together, recalling his half-made breakfast, the day ahead of him and he turned his head slightly towards the kitchen counter to check his now lukewarm teacup.
Those words led the inspector to stand up suddenly, unable to give a name to the annoying and scary feeling that was quickly taking hold of him.
John had taken a deep breath and repeated himself that this was no longer his problem, that he no longer had to be a peacemaker between the two.
It wouldn't be easy for him, but he would have been willing to do it if that would have helped John in some way.
That deep baritone voice he had heard so many times in his dreams and in his head during those three years...
John opened his mouth in a soundless cry and arched his head backwards for a few seconds, before looking back at the raven head frightened of missing any details.
When they parted, that atmosphere of uncertainty that had accompanied their conversation so far had finally disappeared and John smiled happily as he returned to hide his face in Sherlock's warm chest, still reluctant to loosen that connection and the detective had to think the same way as Sherlock closed again his arm around John’s waist and pressed him against his chest, caressing his back.
I bet there was a lot of cash and many credit cards in his wallet, and if it was a robbery, you wouldn’t have found any of it.
John looked at Sherlock and saw him in a dumpster, immersed in the dustbin to his knees, looking at the corpse; the doctor passed the police tape and made to approach the dumpster when he heard the call.
Shortly before, he had left Hamish with Mrs. Hudson, without making too many recommendations and receiving in return the usual reassurances combined with the wish to enjoy the evening.
A small bell rang as soon as he opened the door, announcing his presence to a busy waitress behind the counter who gave him a quick glance before returning to her chores; John looked around and quickly checked the few busy tables (almost all the customers were of Asian origin), looking for the security exits in case he needed it, and finally looking at the table where a woman, sitting alone, had looked up as soon as the bell on top of the door rang.
Sherlock brought his lips closer to John's ear and kissed the earlobe, teasing him with the tip of his tongue and then sighed.
-I'll see what I can do to help you- Greg merely answered, aware that further solicitation would lead Sherlock to clam up.
Sherlock, after a short deliberation, decided that this unexpected visit might be positive: it would allow him to know a side of John who was completely unknown to him and, if he played his cards well, he would diminished the distance that John had put between them.
"I don't remember tea having any nutritional properties" Greg readily retorted. - How long? -he asked again.
As usual, John had sat in his own chair and spent the rest of the afternoon immersed in the thriller paperback of the week, interrupting himself only to turn on the light placed next to Sherlock's chair as the evening progressed.
To be completely honest with himself, however, Greg did not miss it, especially now that in his life there was Mycroft: if before many times he had found himself wondering to himself when the life of the police inspector had become so full of intelligences and strangled by bureaucracy, now Greg couldn’t really complain because most of the time he find himself breaking the rules to help and cover Sherlock’s actions.
Sherlock's shoulders stiffened, and that simple gesture was enough to make him understand what the other was hiding from him.
Annoyed by that idea and trying not to listen to the little voice in his head that pointed out that the man had never snapped his fingers towards him, he turned to Jack.
By jumping from that roof, Sherlock had destroyed all the dreams of a shared life once he retired to private life, the idea of the house in Devon where the detective would take care of his beloved bees and John would devote himself to writing.
Yesterday morning you asked me if I knew why I was apologizing... I'm sorry that you're suffering from the consequences of my mistake, that it's hard for you to accept Hamish for who he is...
As every morning, John made his way to the kitchen to put the kettle on, surprised to find it already hot and ready; turning his head slightly, he glanced at the detective who deliberately avoided meeting his gaze.
Molly's marriage occupied a smallest part of his thoughts, accompanied by gratitude to the woman for all the help she had given him during those years, and to the relief that he would finally no longer be the object of her clumsy advances.
"So, what do you say? Are we're going to have another baby?" asked  Sherlock  again, returning to the main topic for the umpteenth time.
Jealous of that smile that had not been caused by his deductions or his mere presence, but by two perfect strangers who had nothing to do with him and John.
-Okay, are we ready for the museum? The last thing I want is to spend all morning in a queue- he told her.
-So, I'm supposed to take him to a fast food restaurant? "Is that what you're suggesting?" Sherlock replied clearly upset.
-My first ever memory is my mom singing me a song – John said, keeping his eyes on Baby Girl's little hand.
John stared at him furiously, his hands clenched into the pockets of his coat, which quivered with the desire to strike that perfect face.
Sherlock looked in the direction he knew he would find Mycroft and met his gaze, finding him as always emotionless.
Don't forget that we're talking about Mycroft, if it were up to me, there should be no trace of his passage on Earth- he answered caustic.
It was then that Emma had entered into the dining-room running, followed a few steps behind by Lestrade.
-When Mycroft was born, our father was the same age as my brother is now, if not a year or two younger.
At the end of the sentence, John turned his back on the waiting room and the small television, the voice of a different journalist in the background, heading to his office, aware of Sarah's attentive gaze on himself.
"It would have helped to avoid the surprise of finding your face on television!" retorted Greg, raising his voice slightly.
Greg took a deep breath and let the silence fall for a few moments before taking his look back at his friend and talking again.
Personally, I would rather make things clear, let everyone know that we are a couple, so the English homosexual male population would know that you are no longer available.
John stared at him for a few moments before nodding in his place, then retrieved his cup and taking a sip.
There are some dinosaurs that have turned into reptiles, and others have become aquatic creatures that have sometimes turned into fish- explained patiently Sherlock.
-It's true, you could... But if there were hundreds of guns in your apartment, then you wouldn't have resisted the temptation to take one with you, maybe tucked under your vest, to "precaution" and to protect yourself and me.
Molly laid her gaze on the man and watched him peer over the child, cataloguing all the details and information in his Mind Palace as only Sherlock could do.
He rested his arm on his knees and hid his face there, trying to hide that moment of weakness from the sight of strangers and colleagues.
This certainly won’t do! The only solution was to re-enter his role and label that mistake as an oversight.
Once again, Hamish pointed his ice eyes at him, fascinated by the difference in the timbre of his voice, and stretched out his arms to get in his arms; leaning slightly, John kissed both hands and then approached the baby's face to lay one last kiss on the tip of the baby cold nose, receiving another laugh in return.
So you thought it was enough to have a young, cute face and a nice firm butt for me, a policeman, to throw away my principles and my love for you and start fucking with the first guy who walked next to me- Greg said before meeting again the look of the man in front of him.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, slightly covering his mouth with his right hand, as he always did whenever he was embarrassed.
He then followed the male steward to the head of the plane, regardless of the looks of the other first-class passengers, who had been politely asked to sit for a few more minutes,  wondering who that silent passenger was and what did he do to receive such treatment.
-The sedatives worked for a few months, until my dreams were corrupted by the same reality that I was trying to shun: every time I closed my eyes, I always saw the same scene, the same nightmare, from which I could not escape.
The smile on John's face grew bigger, before giving Sherlock another quick kiss, stroking the inside of his upper lip with the tip of his tongue.
Combined with the shaved cheeks and the almost impeccable way the doctor's blond hair was groomed, Sherlock slightly clenched his jaw.
A corner bar was set in the center, reachable so from both sides and slightly elevated compared to the platform were the DJ station was.
-Mh...-Sherlock just answered, clearly busy scrolling through the list of restaurants that owed him favors around London.
Sherlock had turned his gaze to Emma who had merely shrugged her shoulders before moving her history book towards him.
Just give him time…- Greg said from the kitchen, where he had begun looking for cutlery for their dinner.
Recomposing and hiding his anger behind the usual mask of indifference, Sherlock opened the door and stood in the entranceway that separated his room from the living room, instantly finding John, a few meters from himself, standing between the sofa and the desk they used to share.
Luckily Emma had chosen that moment to stand up, backpack in her hands to ask him to accompany her in search of Sherlock.
A new determination appeared in Mycroft's eyes and his body stiffened further, giving the inspector a glimpse of the true British officer in his duties.
Sherlock felt the blood boil for those words, but he avoided commenting on the stupid ideas his brother had made about their relationship.
“Hamish just had a bath; I don't think there's any germs of any kind. Sit on the couch, Sherlock" she said.
Perhaps thanks to beginner's luck or superior intellect, Sherlock had no problem performing that task, receiving a satisfied smile as a reward.
-At the time, John was using amphetamines... he had sudden mood swings: one moment he was the soul of the party and the next he was holed up in a corner staring at the wall in front of him.
