hated
Later.
"Because I want to do it right, with you," John explains, aching. "Everything we do. It matters to me how you feel about it." His voice is unsteady; can't help it. "It matters to me," John says, "that you enjoy it"; and there, a too-fast flinch, barely visible if you hadn't been—fucking
John swallows. Silent. It's not the sort of thing he's seen before, quite. He'd thought they were all designed to afford plenty of access between the thighs.
"Well," John says, and then straightens: in for a penny. "Because he's got no sodding reason to do it otherwise, and because he—I don't know if you were lovers but I can tell you, from that photo, that Raj certainly
He laughs, because she wants him too. "Ta. Your desk, then?"
"I like it." John bends down:
, not—more, John—
it—Christ, the way he looked at me."
"Fine, you implied it," Sherlock says, and perches at the very edge of the sofa, his knees knocked together. Elbows on his thighs. "I say no more than six and a half minutes. You seemed interested in taking that bet."
"So we'll have breakfast," John says, very quietly. "I'll get rid of Mycroft, you start the pancakes. And tea, we need tea."
"Lie down," he says, "und—," and then stops and crosses his arms over his chest. He's still wearing his pants.
"You always want to kiss," Sherlock says.
After. It has been, perhaps, a full second: but miles away John can feel the aftermath of his smile, deconstructing slowly. He really has sweated straight through his shirt, hasn't he: half of him wants to have the car take him back to the flat for a shower. The other half—.
"This'd be easier lying down," John admits.
"We don't have to." John presses his forearm against the steering wheel, fidgeting. "It's just a stupid game, and you don't—." He clears his throat. "You're better at—almost everything, so—"
"No bother at all," he murmurs, so with Sherlock's arms 'round his shoulders, John tilts his chin up for a kiss.
John nods. Treacle-slow. "Do you like to kiss?"
Sherlock's gaze is fixed on his face. "Do you—," he says, and then stops.
John's been around for a fair few years, now. Nothing new under the sun, he knows it. Still. Still. Kneeling up across Sherlock's thighs on the sofa with his face abraded-red and hot like Sherlock's kisses are hot and good like his hands on John's arse and thighs and back as under his fingers the cold writhing knot inside John's chest loosens, a millimeter at a time.
"Just." She twists to glance over her shoulder. "Rhoda!"
Sherlock murmurs, "You can owe me, all right?" as he gets down onto his knees.
"Come on," John says, quiet. Pulling his knees apart, to make space.
It appears to matter very little that John saw it coming: it's still a burning coal, from Sherlock's mouth. John shifts his weight. All his fingers spark, stinging: he curls them tight into his palm.
John blinks. "Oh," he says, uncertainly. The impression he'd always got from Vic and Greg and, in fact, from Sherlock himself had been that Sherlock'd gone, quite directly, from being chucked out of Cambridge to a life of pridefully semi-impoverished dissolution, before Greg'd more or less taken on a one-man campaign to make him fit for police consulting, eventually colluding with Mycroft to have him, in fact, sectioned, for a time. John doesn't think Sherlock knows, even now, quite how involved in all of that Greg had been. "You were—when was this?" John asks, because he can't find space for it. A contradiction: unpleasant, really, to find one, just lobbed straight in amongst everything he thought he knew.
"I was
—but then hard-fast hot-throb allover drawn up away the edge the edge right to the edge and shivering with Sherlock's scattering-hot panting breath warm hands rolling him—up held-still must hold can't let while rocking drowning-dark eyes pink-wet licking mouth Sherlock is pushing—up and John shivering knife-edged thighs aching holds still holds still holds still not letting, doesn't let, can't let himself—push
They kiss and waste water. John could—John could do it for ages, but—he'd had—an idea. He pulls back, finally. "How do you feel about
"That was un." Sherlock swallows. "Necessary."
never made yourself stupid about an older woman."
"No." When John'd opened the door from the en suite the border between collapsed: one space, this space, Sherlock's space, with his long mirror and his huge white bed and a wardrobe with a suit jacket hanging from its handle beside which Sherlock is arguing with the buttons at the cuffs of a green shirt he never wears: it doesn't, John persists in thinking, obstinately, bring out his eyes; and is annoyed. Sherlock says, "I imagine he's waiting until he's got me somewhere I can't—," looking up at the mirror: a sliver, reflected, of his puddle-grey gaze; and John folds his arms over his chest while Sherlock is stopped, silent, surprised.
, John is thinking, with a sharp leaning-forward throat-pang: he'd wanted it without knowing what he wanted and Sherlock'd given it to him and it'd been lovely, utterly. Now John lets Sherlock pet at him and hold him down and kiss his cheeks and his chin and his aching-open mouth revisited-rewatching he feels, instead,
to a lesser extent; as well as certain scattered aspects of
"You can't be serious," John says.
"Does
"You were a wretched child, weren't you." John sighs. "Shut up and hold still, and later I'll get your moisturizer for you. I'll even massage it in."
John adores him; "are an absolute menace, and—"
"You've just rather raised more questions than you've answered," he says, instead. Gentling: rubbing his palm over Sherlock's sweaty side.
," and Sherlock half-laughs half-purrs into the side of his neck and his mouth and his throat and whispers, "Mm," whispering, "Feels good, yeah?"
The entire area is cordoned off, all the way from the bridge, causing an unholy nightmare of foot traffic and gawking overinterest, with an assortment of uniformed constables directing the curious and their smartphones away while constables lead sniffer dogs about and John and Sherlock follow Greg and Sally to the police van they're using as mobile HQ. DCS Donnell, assigned back in 2013 as lead for citizens' interests and transparency in policing, is standing with her arms crossed and a taut, flat half-frown, regarding Sherlock with the same blank unimpressed stare she's turned on him every time they've come face to face since the trials. Greg'd once suggested John try getting into her knickers to put her in a better frame of mind, and in retaliation Sherlock'd broken about three-quarters of the glassware in Greg's depressing divorcé flat. John'd thought it'd been something to do with Paul, at the time.
"Did you get it on my dressing gown?" Sherlock is asking. Smiling: John can feel it. Between the borders of their bodies, a pressed-flat joke. John laughs, too high: "Oh." He swallows, Sherlock's mouth brushing—down, over his jaw. "Probably," John admits, pressing his burning hips up so that Sherlock's curled fingers in his pocket curl against him hot-hard, Sherlock making a hot-purry sound against his throat. "Probably it'll still be—" John, swallowing— "
"You've not got any room to talk," John says. He hadn't even noticed them moving. He's still holding his lube— "I ought to make that photo show up whenever you ring me, liven things up when we're at Scotland Yard."
, and it'd be one thing for Sherlock to, to sodding—play around, with another boy, when he—but for
"So you can," John says, "as much as—you can stop, if it gets to be too much, or—" as Sherlock licks his lips and lowers himself down onto elbows and knees.
"I just." John swallows. "I can't—I can only guess," he explains, "what you think."
"Complete tosser," John says, very quietly. "Which we knew."
Years.
—probably—ruined my breakfast, too, and—"; and John says, "I think you missed your food, actually, but you did, ah. Give the table a little bath"; and Sherlock says, "Your
Sherlock swallows (up-down, up-down), but doesn't answer.
Sherlock nods. Exhales, when John squeezes him tight.
; and then, hard on its heels,
"Kiss me," Sherlock murmurs, so John twists: hollow empty mouth finding Sherlock's warm mouth as crouched over him their four fingers slip in and out of him, slick.
He says it as matter-of-factly as he can, but the truth is that in the face of Sherlock's flat expression and his idle thumb pressing into the edge of the lid of his tea John feels volcanic, burnt up, boiling over: filled to the brim with some sort of strange, syrupy-hot anger that clings and sticks to him, eating in through his cracks, like the acid-yellow light in their kitchen this morning as it'd rested on the winged 'V' of Sherlock's hair: inked dark just against the back of his bent, white neck.
: Sherlock giving him a hard mechanical pounding and not looking at his face and chest tight throat full John touches Sherlock's half-open mouth and Sherlock doubles forward, gasping: forehead to forehead folding John's thighs flat-hard between their chests. It makes John's stomach ache. His suspenders are pulled so tight they nearly creak: stockings straining, tearing almost—and Sherlock shivering, rock hard, stilled shoved deep inside John's body rubbed raw at its edges: and John knows, with absolute, blinding certainty, that this is not what either of them wants.
Instead he drags himself up and through a shower and shaves and dresses and plugs his mobile in at the surgery, where Natalie is already grumbling over the mess Marcus has made of her files. "How's your dad?" John asks, brewing two cups of tea.
hadn't felt safe until, having ditched Cal with the day's last case of strep throat to check in on Sherlock, John had leaned against the door with his hand on the broken latch watching Sherlock pace the length of the room three and a half steps at a time until John had burst out,
"If you like," John'd replied, very quietly; and Sherlock had closed his eyes, grateful; and pressed a kiss into John's half-open hand.)
Sherlock rolls his eyes. His gaze drops down onto John's shoulder, though, his cheeks pink; he rubs John's collarbone through his t-shirt.
Sherlock pulls back. Sidles back around him. The taps run while John gets to work on the garlic: an odd experience, really, re-learning the touch through nitrile-deadened fingertips, but he supposes, if it puts Sherlock off—
—they are apart. John blinks, blinks, eyes sweat-stinging and Sherlock's hand his chin and swallowing knees pressed-hard into the sofa back aching John curls down to touch—his mouth to—his mouth—
"I'd expect. Legs."
"What do you do," John asks, "when the things that you want and your partner wants are fundamentally incompatible?"
"Because that intimacy is important to you?" George asks.
—light.
John picks up the second cup. "Thanks," he says, and Sherlock's eyes flick back down again.
Sore. "Well," John says. "If you meant it, about your chair—" and Sherlock presses his mouth down against John's shoulder, wrapping himself around him, tight and close.
It is an ordinary, dull-pebble sort of thought, dropped into water. Sherlock, John is certain, has never read
: knelt up red-faced turning away with his hand hard on the base of his cock while next to him John—swallows, just-tasting—still dizzy and weak from orgasm while hunchedover arm braced Sherlock shudders—
profession."
": holding tight as Sherlock shakes and sobs and shakes against him while John whispers, "I'm so sorry. It's all right. It's all right."
His sweat is already cooling, tightening on his spine. Sherlock keeps his flannels (which are white) neatly rolled up in a little basket by his washbasin, as though he lives in some sort of upscale hotel—a detail of which John was already perfectly aware. Strips and remakes his bed with hospital corners every morning, too. It still tightens John's chest with an almost painful fondness, though, doesn't it? He wets two flannels, warm water. Wipes himself down with one—shivering, it's not... cold, but—and then then staggers back into the bedroom with them both, and one dry.
After a long moment, "Yes," John says. "Thank you, Marcus. He, er. Didn't happen to say who he might be?"
"—and Vaughan, of course," Ben is saying, beard waggling, forearms on the table, "takes it as a personal affront, 12th century German politics being what he likes to do at the weekends—"
Sherlock doesn't say anything, after that. Doesn't look away.
and instead of protesting for fucking once Sherlock grabs John by the hair and shoves him. In: Christ.
"Yes, well." Sherlock waves a hand, mouth tight. "Mummy couldn't be bothered with us most of the time, which was ideal, really, but Anne knew that I was brilliant, and
John flattens his face against Sherlock's warm throat. Breathes: sex and sweat, their bodies. Breathe.
"Yes," Sherlock says, "please," with his fingers curling against John's side; and John kisses him, close-mouthed.
John nods. "So shower. And then."
"Do you want me to stay, truly?"
"It's good," Sherlock whispers. Brushing John's cheek.
Christ. "And suck?" John asks, lifting his chin. "Or just—do you just pet your tongue, and your—your teeth, and your lips?"
Sherlock twists, setting the glass back on the bedside table. Asks, "What?"
"Yeah," Sherlock croaks. Clears his throat: "Yes."
"It's like." John scrubs his hands through the back of his hair, and then leans back against the radiator, the ridges digging into his arse, the backs of his thighs. Looking back up towards George, sat with his hands idle in his lap in his armchair: clear, nonjudgmental, George meets John's eyes.
"I'd ask you when you've last cleaned
"Sherlock," aching scalding-hot half-gasped; but Sherlock shakes his head.
John goes over to sit down in his chair.
"I." Swallowing. "I have to think there's—there must be something
, not even when they're eighty-seven, it'd simply be beneath them—so she had her pack them both into the Audi and drive over to Winchester and then she
"All right, all right." John says. Straightens. "Foil, is it? Let's do this properly."
"...hm."
"If you were," Sherlock says, voice thick. "Me, I mean—" but tight and anxious hard John shakes his head.
: under pressed cotton John scrapes blunt nails over his skin and Sherlock inhales, sharp, as John curls his hand into a fist. Knuckles pressed to the flat satin stretch of skin over muscle, sliding down.
, or—"
, salt-bitter-sharp on John's tongue helpless and John wants to put all his body inside him to—to feel him—
John nods, makes a mental note to text Scotland Yard about scrounging up a case. "How long?"
," gasps Sherlock, breaking apart. John breathes. Carefully he breathes. Not thinking: about Sherlock peeled naked and squirming. Not thinking: his
you?" Sherlock asks, lifting his head; and John stops.
"I, I helped him set the smoke bomb," he says, unsteady—the smoke bomb was Year Eleven, wasn't it? "in—in the staff room," Sherlock'd told him but John'd been drinking and the lights'd been low and he would've, if he hadn't been—he would've helped him set smoke bombs wherever he wanted, he would've— and Holmes slaps the cane down again, hard.
Beneath John's hand on John's belly Sherlock curls his hand, hooking their fingers together, offside. Their fists knot, tangled. Quiet, Sherlock says, "You hardly ever show marks."
He gives himself a long, critical look. It ought to make him look—attractive, he supposes; erotic, somehow; but mostly he just looks like a battered middle-aged soldier, naked, in a bra. The gunshot doesn't usually bother him much, these days; but against lace and elastic it seems wrong, twisted, thrown into uncomfortable relief: a particular branch of violence he thought he'd left behind him, strange in this yellow-white bathroom light. The cups, as soft as they are and what Yvonne'd politely described as "petite," still only-just stretch, on his body; and the wire pulls them in wrong directions across his ribs. But it's—a bra, unmistakably: it is still unquestionably his—Christ. Unquestionably his breasts. Still his breasts, such as they are, in a black lacy bra; still his bare belly, not quite flat; still his fuzzing nest of pubic hair and his soft prick; it is still the long black line of a bra strap stretched alongside his dark and knotted scar.
John licks his bottom lip and asks, "Did you—er, recognize his M.O., or."
John swallows, as Sherlock turns it around. It's—it's indecent, really, probably. John touches fine metal chain, black leather; picks up a flared glass plug, liquid in the light, and then sets it down again. Clears his throat.
Sherlock, turning, takes two strides, bends to grab it. Straightens, but turns back: "Yeah," he agrees, and then puts his mobile to his ear. "Yeah," he says, "I'll be right down"; and he lifts his chin, and meets John's eyes.
, so that he can shape himself around that hurt more easily, is so many orders of magnitude worse that it makes John feel unsteady on his feet.
"I want that too," John says, quiet. Easing his fingers in and out of him while Sherlock breathes. Shuddering-softens. Pushes his face against him and pets at his genitals and breathes.
"Oh," Sherlock gasps, ragged, "John, I want to—" and John nods, nods, pulls when Sherlock pushes him back, shoving into the wet-slick-soft-hot space between their bellies, groaning into John's mouth, fucking—hard—
John pets his hair off Sherlock's forehead, sticky, still damp. "Do you want to go to bed with me?" John asks, quiet. "Now, I mean. Here in 2015."
, out-in-out-turn, in-out-in and John pulls him into an emergency double-time
looking at porn, John is realizing. Not looking at porn, which he'd—halfway thought, at some points, hadn't he: but Sherlock
"I mean." John laughs, for some reason. Low down. "What do you like?"
"Eloquent as always," drawls Mycroft.
John tightens his arms: Sherlock's warm solid weight. His living breathing sweaty long back.
He stops. Clears his throat.
Again.
"No," Sherlock murmurs. "I didn't say that."
Across from him. Between them—space. Sherlock turns back towards the kettle, fussing: there's nothing for him to do. "You didn't hurt me," Sherlock repeats, then hesitates. Inhales, very slow. "But it wasn't—good, for me." His long white hands touching, touching: the handle of the kettle. Their cups.
"Well," he says, finally, "I'm not overly fond of this shirt, so," and Sherlock's mouth goes through a series of rather spectacular contortions, only to wind up in an embarrassed little half-turned-up half-smile.
and his thumb rubs over the head of him, again, just the once, and John's breath catches as he comes all of a sudden with no warning and his mouth empty and Sherlock planets away from him: John's thighs cramping up, painful, as his prick dribbles sullenly onto Sherlock's black trousers. Smearing white.
John nods. "That's probably for the best," he says, and Sherlock gives him a heart-stopping smile: lopsided and rueful; familiar; sweet. Grateful, John nuzzles up against him; and Sherlock puts an arm around his head and pulls him in to kiss.
"I thought your hands were getting tired," Sherlock whispers, but his knees twitch open: easy for him, nearly.
"I, God." John laughs, ragged. Sherlock slides closer, kisses under his ear. "I don't know, I don't," John pants, pushing back. "It feels.
John holds him close. Wound up together. Sherlock slithering shifts against him. His feet squawk along the edge of the bath. They can't get any closer, and yet. John pets at his chest, his arm, his abdomen. The bow-taut angles of his elbows, as he thinks—
They kiss.
John swallows. Breathes. Swallows: then says, too fast and clumsy, "What—what can I do, I don't—"; and Sherlock interrupts, "I just—," and then stops.
, John is thinking; thinking
"Do you want to try on the other pair?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock looks up. His face is queerly unreadable: John'd thought that he knew all Sherlock's looks, nearly. "Well, I hardly thought you'd fit into the ones in schoolgirl size," John explains; and Sherlock's eyes and mouth go through a complicated sequence of acrobatics before settling on suspicious; offended.
Above him Sherlock inhales, slow and noisy. John scrubs his way down, back up. When he kneels up with his weight off of his bent-up feet, it puts his face level with Sherlock's arse, which is starting to prickle up with goosebumps, the soap-streaks half dried. John pulls himself up with a palm on the tiled wall: "Come on," he says, knee—
," and John laughs.
Sherlock swallows. Throat moving against John's thumb.
It doesn't feel like two months. That weekend feels—far away, holding him.
John touches the edge of his cheek. Sherlock puts his mouth back around him, relentless and tender, still looking up, and "I wanted," John says, voice wavering, "not to stop."
But. His face.
"You don't ever choose to be safe," Sherlock says, low and heavy, and then lifts up his head.
He lets go of John's hips, presses the heels of his hands over his eyes, breathing deep. John still braced up on his knees and his palms above him: he rolls, carefully, onto his side.
—!" Swallowing, swallowing, as Sherlock gasps, "
"You barely know how to scramble eggs, and you overcook everything," Sherlock sighs, and then rolls out of bed and tugs on his blue dressing gown, which is—John is fairly certain—dry clean only. "The hob's got more settings than just 'high', you know." It's not a conversation with the cleaners that John would relish, personally, but Sherlock is already tying it shut.
"I need," Sherlock says, in that same sandpaper voice: "The—lube, or—" and John says, "Put your fingers in my mouth": a rolling, wobbling unfamiliar sound; and Sherlock exhales, a slow, soft sigh. Rubbing their noses together sliding his hand over John's—heart—and John. Breathes. Breathes: as Sherlock's fingers slide in over his tongue. Sherlock is pressing their foreheads together. Noses, cheeks: John petting Sherlock under his bra in little helpless circles while he gets Sherlock's fingers wet so that Sherlock can tuck his hand back down between them, touch him gently, press his fingertips tenderly in behind John's aching oversensitive balls. If they were other people right now Sherlock could roll him over, spit, rub it into him to rewet the lube he spent all morning fucking up into him and then but they aren't. But they aren't. The people that they are are kissing and John is shivering drawing his knee up wanting as exhaling out into John's mouth Sherlock is rubbing against him, his two wet fingers meeting—John and it feels. A part of him, it could be—him, wet for Sherlock, getting—wetter while hot-faced Sherlock breathes into him half-kissing sharing breath while John is rubbing his—his lovely little breasts and unsteady John says, "Sherlock."
"—is to you."
"Yeah," Sherlock says, fast, and John bends down. Sherlock drags him down against him, pressing up up
Sherlock doesn't say anything else. He's gentle, though. He eases John's jeans down and his pants and then peels off his socks, one at a time; and then he touches John's skin so lightly John barely knows if he'd feel it, if his skin weren't already so hot. Then in silence Sherlock lies down fully dressed in between John's red-striped thighs and nuzzles him, presses little light kisses to the crease at the bottom of his arse; "Wait," John gasps, face hot, after the seventh or eighth; and then peels his shirt and his vest up over his shoulders together and tucks them both under him, wadded up. "I just washed my sheets," he explains; but Sherlock is already touching the planes of his back, hypnotically slow; silently counting John's vertebrae off with his fingertips, all the way down to his tailbone. Then Sherlock bends back down to kiss him just below the press of his fingers: wet, open-mouthed; and John shudders all over, pushes back.
"Shallow," he breathes. "Even if I want."
He rubs his hands over his face, and takes in a long, slow, unsteady breath.
, feeling—cracked open, leaking out, splitting apart; and then this stranger had looked up at him with—with really rather startling blue eyes and said,
John nods. "Now?" he asks; and Sherlock says, "Yes."
Her eyes on his face are bright, worried. "Something's very wrong, isn't it," she says, voice low, even with both doors to the stairwell well shut; and John sighs.
"; and Sherlock yanks his hips: John stumbles back, half falling: catching himself with his palm slapped-stinging flat to the wood. Gasping, startled; as Sherlock says, "Seems you've got up to quite the list, of things you shouldn't do."
And Sherlock loosens. Thumbs at John's vertebrae, 3-4-5—. Strokes his long fingers on down into John's collar, curls his knuckles against his skin.
Sherlock folds his shoulders together, hunching up over the table. "It just seems a bit silly. Going back, I mean. At this hour."
"Oh," Sherlock says, sounding shocked.
John kisses him. Hollow. So hollow how can he be with Sherlock just—
Sherlock nods. Warm by his side, a handspan away; John found it rather touching, that one, really.
; a strange traveler, from a far-distant land. Sherlock seems, annoyingly, halfway unreal. As though if John turned his head he might vanish. Forcing himself to look away from him John focuses on his washing powder and not Sherlock, gorgeous and improbable, wearing John's clothes and scratching at the mess of his hair, thumbing his sheet music open—but. But then John wonders: why? Why shouldn't he? Why
"You were surprised, weren't you. Back during..." She shifts. Says, "our case," with surprising delicacy; and John opens his mouth and then closes it again, because he knows what she means. She's right. He had been surprised. Sherlock had been—so newly back, so much the same and yet so different, in a thousand countless and immeasurable little ways: antagonizing the police; cooking John dinner; shouting at Mrs. Turner over talking to the Sun until John and Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson
John licks across his bottom lip. "I didn't," he says. "I mean—I don't, really. But." He clears his throat, shrugging awkwardly: his face feels hot. It feels like the one conversation—largely repressed—that he'd had in April with Greg about. Related things. "Sometimes you just get—a
and toward while squirming down around John's curling-stroking fingers as John whispers, "Should I keep—" then silent as Sherlock frantic nodding pushes up into him dragging across his palate leaking God allover bitter salt and inside John pets him pets him while thick "Keep going," Sherlock gasps, "don't—don't stop—ah—
"Sherlock," John tries, muffled, holding him— "
"I'm just." John swallows. Sighs. "Just—aiming for being irritated enough for the both of us, I suppose," he says, finally, "with the absence of criminals and the fish van and the brick wall and—and so on," and beside him Sherlock straightens up in his seat, and takes another sip of his tea.
"Yeah," John admits, and shivers, swallowing, pressing his face down into the pillow. "God." Stretched-spreading open: he still feels soaking wet. "How much lube did you use?"
, God! as curling up off the duvet Sherlock lets out a long slow shuddering wet moan: pulling John in—in—and
Sherlock twists, just barely, turning to look up towards the edge. He's half lying down: the edge of it is glistening well above the left side of the bath, shiny with steam. "Not very well," he says. "Why?"
"I'll look in on him, don't you fret," she says. "You're going to be late for work, aren't you?"
Sherlock says, "But I live in hope that you'll get the opportunity to shoot someone, so—"
"Mycroft?" John asks. "Rather not, thanks."
, as well as
"Jesus," John gasps, squirming—arching—; as Sherlock grinds out, "For me to hurt you," rubbing up everywhere against him, clothes rough— "treat you like some sort of worthless—little—" voice breaking; as "
"In a minute." Pillow scraping cheek: he blinks. Lights off: shadow on shadow. "C'mere," John whispers. Sherlock's warm-soft sleep-sour scratchy mouth pressed close. John rubs them skin to skin face to face; close against him soft, Sherlock sighs. His hand. John's neck.
Sherlock looks over. "Does what?"
"He's not wrong," John says. "And Chambal hasn't shut up about your form since the Howlett case."
"Good," Sherlock says, thick, "it feels good," standing close enough to him that when John flattens his hand back out so that his pinkie skims over the edge of the pebbled-hard nub of a nipple and Sherlock gasps, John feels it hot and sharp on his face.
even before he is kneeling up bending over him pressing down
to which George, who doesn't miss much, had said,
, you're." He laughs, a little. "You're not wrong, about that. But."
: while thinking also,
Sherlock laughs and squints open one eye. "If you kiss me right now I'm going to end up fucking you through the floor," he says, sounding embarrassed.
Kitchen. Cup, plate, spoon. John fills the kettle and starts it, then gets out the bread and puts it in to toast. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Sherlock shuffling about the living room: hovering by his music stand, between their chairs; John carefully doesn't look over. Instead he hesitates for a long not-watching moment beside the toaster and then goes to the fridge to get out an egg. Another. Scramble them and he might not notice that there're two; John sets a bowl, so they won't touch the toast, on top of the plate together on the back of the stove to warm up while he cooks the eggs, so that Sherlock'll have a bit of time to come around to them, before they get cold. Soft eggs. Overdone toast: John pushes the button down again and turns off the hob while he puts milk in Sherlock's tea. He won't drink chamomile, if it's sweet.
Which.
," Sherlock snarls, and pushes up to his feet.
Bare on the lino his feet are flexing, pushing up; his hand slipping around the warm solid cut of Sherlock's ribs and his sides and his spine through his shirt, which is, still, an unflattering green. This close he fills John up: smelling of sweat and expensive fake coconut and too many cups of sweet coffee followed by too many cups of black tea: John can taste a faint salt-musk tang on the back of his tongue. This is a space of bodies he knows: his own tight half-eager stomach, the steady syrupy throb of his blood; under his hands Sherlock's round arse melting up into his angular waist, Sherlock's arms heavy around his shoulders with the hand still fisted around the lemon pressing into John's back. The heat of him. His scratchy-edged mouth on his mouth. The cuddle they didn't quite manage in the morning, John is thinking, rubbing his face against Sherlock's face, breathing him in: better than nothing, now that they can. The edges of John's nerves crackle, hiss: clearing static, tuning in. Sherlock noses along his cheek. Presses his mouth to John's jaw. John tracks him by touch, eyes closed. He is very warm.
She shrugs: right shoulder a hair ahead. "About the same," she says, and John nods and passes her her tea.
, I—I'm not unhappy. And if I—if sometimes I want—
: "Whenever I say," he says, unsteady. "Right away."
"Oh!" She blinks. "John!" She shifts her basket, left hand to right. "Sorry, I'm a a bit jet-lagged, not all together—"
the plans, I
Sherlock's eyebrows dip down. "Smoking," he says, disbelieving, "behind the bike sheds."
; but John's never minded that Sherlock has always—somewhat comically, really—thought that John was easy; and John's been treated to enough lectures from Harry on sexual double standards over the last few decades to be reasonably clear as to why. If he'd ever given it much thought—which he hadn't, really, until last night—John might've wondered why it was that Sherlock, who is not, in fact, uptight, nor really even particularly prim,
Sherlock turns back towards the table. "Probably he'll try to dig up a—a convenient serial killer or two up north," he says.
Then Sherlock slides down underneath him leaving him braced and bare and lonely shivering all over until Sherlock kneels up behind him sliding his left arm beneath John's braced arms, wrapping it around his torso and holding him up as Sherlock coaxes John's knees together: John is gasping for breath; every nerve inside him shimmering with light. Sherlock kisses the nape of his neck, beneath his ear, his cheek: "Is it too much?" he asks, very gently; John shakes his head, hard, and Sherlock nuzzles into his hair. "Tell me," he murmurs, reaching down to push his arsecheeks apart, to pet at the soft swollen edges of John's body and then twist with his long fingers just so and John sobs. "Too much?" Sherlock repeats, and
"You're
"Not snap," Sherlock says, "we haven't got any cards":
"Your show, I think," says Sherlock above him. Crisp. Precise. Looking down at him while John turns his thigh open, presses his head back against the cushions, breathing hard. Branding, Sherlock's gaze: laying seared-open stripes all over John's skin. Pushing inside all over while John pushes two fingers inside and the sofa sticks to his shoulders and spine, sour hungry-slick under his tongue: Sherlock's lips are parted, damp. Pink. His face tipped down and his back barely-just bowing to bring his body down nearer John's body with his long hands open at his side and John wants, John wants, John
"Oh," Sherlock repeats, then swallows, quick, twice. Steps closer: warm. "Hullo," he says.
Nods.
, embarrassed; the perpetual paradoxical litany of John knowing Sherlock in all the new small spaces that John has found to know Sherlock, like how he prefers his showers long and hot or the way he likes to kiss or that he forgets how to move all his parts quite in concert when he sits down on the edge of the bed next to John, an unlearning of his grace that John sees whenever Sherlock wants more things than his body can reasonably be expected to produce all at once. John pets his right palm up Sherlock's knee and thigh; strokes his side as Sherlock stretches out beside him, John's left arm tucking under Sherlock's skull as they lie down face to face. Sherlock is flushing, skin rosy even in the fading silvered light, and John has learnt that, too; just as he has learnt that little bobbing double-swallow: a barely audible click-click as John rubs the end of his nose against the edge of Sherlock's nose, slides his arm around the notch of Sherlock's warm waist. John pets at his warm muscular back and his arms and the warm top of his arse with their knees interleaved as bubbling over with wanting to be soft and near and easy,
"There's never any parking near the flat, anyway."
John hears himself make: allatonce. Torn out of John's throat, unwilling, ragged and heavy and wet; hand over his mouth, too late.
"—with his little army of overqualified secret service girls," John adds, as Sherlock starts to laugh, "with headphones,
"Have you ever been before?" John asks; and Sherlock smiles at him: warm and soft, eyes crinkling, up close.
—!" as—rocking back with the sharpraw drag of— "Oh," Sherlock chokes, shuddering—
"Good," Sherlock is saying, very quietly. Warm and stroking. "You're doing such a good job," blanket soft: "Very good, John," as John licks.
. Still. Still. Still close enough; still John's hands remember, still his hands splayed across his own too-fast falling-rising ribs know that on Sherlock, they wouldn't be using the loosest set of fastenings, to get his bra done up. Still they know that if instead John could coax him over onto his belly so that they could pull the strap tight, so that they could do the hooks up one by one by one, they would use the tightest row: one, careful, and two. Still they know that under them Sherlock would shiver all over. That he would make little hot ravenous noises licking at their fingers when John touching his mouth put his own mouth over Sherlock's lacy cup at the bottom. When, as they thumbed into him, he licked and nuzzled his way up underneath.
"Er—the parsley," John asks. "How much?"
"Stop," John gasps; and Sherlock kisses him again, over and over, whispering, "No, I can't let—you don't under—," and again before he gasps, "please, kiss me,
," Sherlock says: he's said it before, too, in just that tone, in response to a bit of weak tea praise from Mycroft's assistant one before Chloe; the sting goes out of it, though, when Sherlock traces his finger up the underside of John's cock.
," in the tone of a man delivering a devastating blow; "I hate YouTube," John reminds him, and Sherlock says, "You have bookmarked
After a moment, John says, "I like buttplugs," and Sherlock starts laughing, pushing his face back down against John's neck.
Knees buckling John grabs at the front of Sherlock's shirt. Panting. Blinking back sparks.
John feels a low, dangerous tug in his belly. Says, very quietly, "Then I've news for you about that too, I think."
Sherlock nods.
"Okay," Sherlock says, "that's—almost too much, I—"
Sherlock's mouth: a wet, between-things opening sound. "S'all right," he says, rough-voiced.
Swallowing, Sherlock touches the placket of John's shirt. "I was a tit," Sherlock says.
John swallows. Petting: the creamy-soft crest of Sherlock's ribs: his thumb. Sherlock exhales, sinking. His lovely green-bright-brilliant eyes, sinking shut.
"Do you enjoy having sex with him?" George asks, and John laughs, raw and too loud. Wild.
"Well Reuben did get half a bottle of sherry down Vaughan at the drinks party after," Ben is telling Jeremy, "but I can't imagine you'll be surprised to learn that it didn't much improve him"; and the entire table, except Priyanka, bursts into laughter.
Watching him. Eyes soft with his mouth turned down at the corners Sherlock feels so far away it seems almost hard to actually see him: not—not a person but a snapshot of a person, someone John barely remembers, and can't meet. Absurd. Absurd. Because Sherlock is here, isn't he, watching John's face from an armspan away as he reaches up to brush his thumb, very gently, to the center of John's bottom lip. Like—touching, almost.
," John snarls, and then laughs.
," John says, exasperated; and Mycroft narrows his eyes.
"Christ," John groans, and staggers up to his feet. Sherlock looks, unfairly, somewhat surprised. "Which is that, then?" John asks; and Sherlock's hands, hovering, drop. His ungainly white knees.
He didn't. On a hunch John rings Mycroft as soon as he's stepped out to eat his lunch, who does a somewhat plausible job of presenting himself as calling about some sort of suspicious probable-poisoning that his agents've turned up in Liverpool, but fairly obviously is more interested in sliding in barbs about what it says about John that he and Sherlock are shagging. John lets him go on just long enough to be reasonably certain he hasn't got anything more important to say, then hangs up on him and finishes his paper cup of terrible takeaway tea.
"Let's go out," he says. Arms up in the air, scrabbling at nothing with his sleeves shoved up to his elbows: the hem of his jumper sliding up, up.
God: John shifts, careful. Slow. He pulls away from him slowly, just enough to turn; rolls over so their knees touch, so they are lying curled up face to face. Sherlock is red from his scalp to his knees, curled up like an unhappy caterpillar, his eyes squeezed shut tight. John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock's cheek, touches his chin; holds him still, unnecessarily, for a sweet, down-soft kiss.
, John replies, finally; and then, after he's rung for his next patient but before she comes in, he adds,
"'—after my father left to go find himself in bloody
After his shift John scrubs out the fridge and does two loads of laundry, remakes his bed with hospital corners and then has an only-very-slightly-cross conversation with Harry and then replies to all the comments on his blog, which leaves him fidgeting in his chair at half nine and realizing that he's spent the evening wishing that Sherlock were there so they could either go out and investigate some grisly sort of murder, or fool around on the sofa; and that he's not all that particular about which. He sinks down into his seat, kicks his feet up onto the ottoman, and pulls out his mobile: nothing.
"You think fine," Sherlock says, "when you choose to"; and just for that, John tells him, "
Sherlock watches him, silent. Mouth lopsided, badly arranged.
"I tried but Mycroft wouldn't let me," Sherlock says. "He sent me—six bloody hours of CCTV and then he stationed six agents to turn me back in Calais, so then I—I tried for the ferry in Dieppe but he'd got his oar in there, too, so I wound up stranded, scrambling across the countryside on a twenty-year-old moped dodging a warrant for my arrest, which I ought to mention he'd put out on charges of identity theft because he's got a really awful sense of humor, and I had to pick up a job dishwashing in Rouen because he'd canceled all my credit cards and I'd only managed to come away from Szczecin with forty-seven euros and no one in their right mind would've bought that moped."
John swallows.
"John," Sherlock whispers. A kiss. His collarbone. His throat.
"Dunno," he says. He thinks that's just about spot-on, too.
"Yeah," he says, quiet. Willing his heart to quiet: slow. Quiet. Slow. "I did."
"Anything I should avoid?" John asks.
And then stops.
He's dreaded this, he realizes, is realizing: he's been dreading asking again and getting an answer, to a question as inevitable as the underground. It couldn't help but come up again, he knows that; but that doesn't make it much easier. He drags his gaze up from the pale-tanned mesh of Sherlock's hand in his hand. Sherlock's wide, light eyes. Not pinched at the corners: soft, John is thinking, soft, always. Sherlock's so soft around him, always.
"That," Sherlock says, looking very cross, "was not at all graceful." He resettles his weight more steadily, his hands back on John's knees. "Sorry."
"Yeah," John says, quiet. "That."
, he types, then hesitates. Slow, he thinks, chest aching; go slow, take it
"All right?" he asks.
"I always like it," he explains, "when you're there"; and sighing Sherlock rests his cheek on John's shoulder. Tucks his face into John's throat.
Sherlock eats his portion in silence. Finishes it, too. John sits with him at the table in silence and tries not to watch him; and then, in silence, they do the washing up.
"And the other bombs'd been left for some time," John agrees, and Sherlock turns and backs John into an alcove, bright with a humming fluorescent overhead light.
(which John had added one evening on the strength of the physical evidence and which Sherlock had, furious, waited until John was in the shower to scratch out),
"Could always do it later," John says, finally; and Sherlock laughs, wet. Drops his hands and turns his head, looking at John. Honeyed by the lamplight.
"I—I know all that," John says; against him Sherlock exhales. "I do," John says, "I know you're sorry, I—I know you didn't mean to—I know it wasn't." Swallowing. Helpless, still, somehow, no reason: "Sherlock," John explains, "you did. Come back."
: wanting, somewhere not-so-deep-down and poorly hidden, for Sherlock to smack his arse while he talked him off with his casually posh accent and that conjured-on-demand air of arctic intellectual disdain; and whatever Sherlock says, his
John digs around in the tissue paper. Stretched away from him Sherlock breathes. Is quiet. Breathes. When John sits up cross-legged on the bed, Sherlock is watching him: pink-cheeked, dark-eyed.
close—and then slides two nimble fingers into John's open mouth and desperate with Sherlock's cock leaking against the stinging swell of his arse John shivers and sucks and sucks. "Could do it just like this," Sherlock murmurs, "does it hurt yet?"; and fingers thick on his tongue John moans. Sherlock pulls back. Pulls him open. Rubs over his hole, then dips his fingertips in: John shudders all over, elbows buckling, and Sherlock pulls back and spanks him so hard John can hope it'll bruise. "So desperate I just shove myself into you, half-dry?" Sherlock says, then slides his fingers in deep enough that it
," a bundle of chopped-up low leonine sounds when he says, "stay properly, and—and look into all of it, until."
: John's throat, cracking open, while Sherlock's eyes flutter closed.
John inhales. Steady. Steadying. He says, "All right."
"You don't have to—"
"No, that's yours." Sherlock folds himself down onto the sofa next to John. "Trust me." He slouches, kicks his feet up onto the coffee table. Sips his own tea.
Sherlock says, "John," soft. Scratches his fingertips through John's hair.
—John like holding water still burning all over. Like grabbing at stormclouds. Like trying to hold onto a flame. What else would John be but kneeling, before his magician king?
"Hm, low resolution," says Mycroft, low and drawling; and John knows he's being managed, he does, he
He is staring up at the ceiling. It hasn't changed. "I think—I think that maybe we ought to," he says, finally:
"John," Sherlock says, very quietly, and his thumb pets across John's cheekbone and so eyes prickling John gasps, "Green," and Sherlock drops his fingers in a flash and then hits him: lightning.
as he—
John's mouth. Twisting down. Taut. He pets Sherlock's neck. His sticking-up black hair.
Some time several geological ages ago back in January of 2013 Mike had rung up Ciaran who'd asked around at Royal Free where someone knew of a GP running a three-room surgery over in Stoke Newington alone with a young relation but wanting to retire, so Mike'd recruited Clara, Sarah,
! Sherlock rocks back and John breathes in sounds—and Sherlock gasps, "Shh, shh—" pressing back thick deep filling him up hips rolling out (diaphragm space flooding filled without thinking)—
Sherlock looks over. "Twice that, about," he says; so John nods, and keeps tearing.
John soaps up Sherlock's arch, scrubs in between his hairy toes. "You know," John says. He keeps having to clear his throat. "I like looking after you," he says, as steadily as he can manage. "Like this. Or."
Every nerve in John's body pins-and-needles. Waking up: Sherlock's thickslickwet long fingers slipping into him, knuckles caressing, slow. Last night. Now listening John hears the echo of Sherlock's hand inside him like a bone-deep dragonish roar:
"Have you looked in a mirror," Sherlock asks, flat; and John huffs.
Cracking. The darkness at the heart of him John's chest drawn choking-tight his hands on skin on skin warm skin as pressing down above him Sherlock bends his head.
And again.
around him without even getting his boxers down, or open, or off. Shocked—somehow shocked into his body John pants—is already—
He can hear Greg breathing, in. Out. In. Out. In. "All right," Greg says, very slowly. He doesn't believe him: John can tell. Greg asks, "Does that mean you can't tell me why Sherlock's using your email to send me his sodding holiday snaps with Dutch bicycle thieves?" and watching blue-white out the window John doesn't—he doesn't know what—he can't know what he's supposed to say.
Then nose—brushing, gentle—to warm nose.
myself think about you, not really, because I—"
His palms are sliding—rubbing, really—petting up John's thighs, and his eyes are terribly wide and pale, blues and yellows and greens that turn muddy and washed-out in this sort of light, and a warm, tender sort of knowing is unlocking in John's chest, sliding his body down into a sprawl-legged slouch, holding the button for Sherlock as Sherlock tugs down his zip. It makes him feel stretched tight, quiet inside, the way it lifts up his hips when Sherlock rubs at his hips; he'd told Sherlock it'd made him feel like a kid, but nothing's made him feel like a kid quite like this. Sherlock leaves his trousers halfway to his knees and noses at him through his boxers, breathing in little careful huffs. John slides his fingers into Sherlock's soft hair, and Sherlock sighs into the crease of his hip.
"Yeah," Sherlock says, "it—loomed large, as it were, in my. Experimental planning," and grateful John kisses the corner of his mouth.
. Thinking:
John says, "Hey, do I insult your brother? Oh wait"; and Sherlock snorts and comes over, plops down practically on top of John's shins, staring down at his face. John reaches over to drop his book on the coffee table and sits up facing him. "How was Manchester?"
Sherlock shifts about, clumsy. Gets his weight onto his left side. He's hesitant about it, but only at first, and the angle's not perfect but plenty good enough: Sherlock nudging the slick-membrane head of his erection back across John's tongue until his fist bumps into John's lips, Sherlock's breath coming in quick, uneven pants. God. John squirms. Opens and opens, throat on down, while Sherlock fucks shallowly into his mouth. John rubs at Sherlock's hips, his round little arse; hot all over presses his tongue up against him as Sherlock makes a broken little noise and then drops his hand back to the carpet, arms shaking and unsteady as John squeezes his arse in both hands. Nudging deep. Deeper. Sherlock's leaking all over the insides of John's cheeks, prying him open—Sherlock groans, pushing
John has to laugh, a little, but it's probably true.
"God," Sherlock gasps.
—who for a moment John'd thought he might've someday have wanted to—
"I can," Sherlock says, "I don't mind"; and John swallows.
"Or." John laughs, burning all over, pushing—
"Mm." Sherlock turns his face into the pillow. "You brushed your teeth. And." Breathing deep: "Shaved—you showered, or—"
— John squirms, twisting to kiss him, feeling—already feeling—
"Not all of us have your..." John breathes. Breathes. "Self-control," he says, finally; and Sherlock's mouth twitches wide, sly; "You've not got anyone's self-control," he says, and then grins full-on; and John smacks him on the shoulder, probably not as hard as he ought. Sherlock starts to laugh.
"Where you can't," John prompts. He knows he looks ridiculous; but.
, for Sherlock with him to not hurt.
Sherlock slouches into his seat, knees jammed up against the dash. "You're in a mood tonight, aren't you," and John's face flushes hot.
And they kiss.
John curls his toes in his socks. He's not hard, not anymore, but he'd spent over an hour next to Sherlock smelling sweaty and good and John knows that if he slid over, knelt up, buried his face in the damp little wisps of hair at Sherlock's pink nape and breathed in—he slides his hips down into the seat. Wonders what Sherlock's been doing; the screen's not angled so he can see. Wonders if all the time he was slogging his way through that execrable novel, Sherlock was watching something kinky with the sound off. Sherlock is still holding statue-still, breathing softly; John flicks up the tab of his zip. Slides it down, tooth by tooth, and watches Sherlock's gaze flick, up down up—
"Nope." To this John nods. Rubs his shoulder. The back of his neck. Sherlock shifting against him, asking, "Should I apologize?"
Arms folded tight over his belly. Reflexive. Defensive. John does know, he can't stop it: but he nods.
about your sex toys, Sherlock, it was you." John rubs at his face. "It seemed—" He laughs, a little, awkwardly. "Unfair, almost," he says, "how lovely you are"; and Sherlock's eyes widen, pupils shifting, startled; and John presses his trembling hand to Sherlock's warm cheek.
"You want to be hot and tight for me?" Sherlock whispers, and spark-stinging John shivers and nods, as Sherlock pushes his wrists into the mattress. "You want to be around me," voice unsteady, pushing his fingers all the way into their base as John opens, opens, doesn't—doesn't choke, leg winding up—closer, wanting— "you want to make me feel good," Sherlock says, lifting his head with his dark eyes and around him John's moan tries to—stopped; helpless—
"It doesn't actually bother me," John says, very carefully, "when you call me a whore." Propped up over him Sherlock is getting redder and redder. His cheeks were already pink. "But it bothers you when you think you've bothered me," John says, "yeah?"
"Not really," Sherlock says, and then: "First thing I ever learned, nearly. Just after eggs and toast and macaroni cheese, which were all largely improvised."
him, tongue dipping in alongside the slick hard unyielding bulk of the toy, and John starts to shake. He is making noises: he knows it, he can't stop. An overinflated balloon. Into him Sherlock makes a hot, satisfied noise; and then
"Not okay?" Sherlock asks.
"Oh," he says. "I was
. John scrubs at his face.
is that this Sherlock, this morning, had been—he had been someone who decided to—or no, had he, John doesn't think he'd—
Sherlock pulls back, leaning against the ottoman, which—predictably—slides. John catches his wrists, holds him steady.
John can't—can't say. Nods, instead.
"It wasn't my finest moment," Sherlock admits. "I was chasing a suspect—"
"You're a bastard," Sherlock says, breathless, and then twists to kiss him, hungry and wet, while heart in his throat John pets at the edges of metal and rubber on Sherlock's blood-hot skin and Sherlock gasps, "
John's mouth opening as he breathes him into him in deep and Sherlock's tongue slips against him just inside John's upper lip.
Sherlock swallows, silent, and rolls up onto his side, facing him.
"You'd let me?" John whispers, and Sherlock gasps, "Yes"; "You'll let me—," and Sherlock moans, "
"All right," John says, quiet. "I won't."
He stops.
. Like
about it, he was hardly taking notes on who started what where and when but it's like a poison, isn't it, the instant his brain flashes without asking,
"Well?"
"So," John says, and then clears his throat. "I think, um." He sets his tea on the sidetable so he can dig out his sandwich. Sainsbury's. Ham. He has to work, to pry it out of the outside pocket of his laptop bag. Victorious at last he sets it on his knee, then says, "I think that first I should probably mention that Sherlock and I are sleeping together," and then starts picking at the corner of the plastic.
A hot burst in his chest: John swallows.
"Christ." John inhales, deep, rubbing at his forehead. "How much do I—"
"Please don't run again," Sherlock says, very flat, and John looks up.
—" writhing above him; John presses his thumb into the upturned crescent of his foot, hard. "Fuck," Sherlock gasps, "don't stop
, that's nothing." Sherlock's mouth quirks, lopsided; and John rubs his fingertip along the smear of Sherlock's melted eyeliner, his faintly stubbling pink cheek; and John swallows.
, John is thinking. He is thinking:
"I love it when you kiss me," Sherlock says, raw, and then laughs.
Bread, anyway. He leans out and bumps into a woman: "Oh, Christ, sorry, I didn't mean to—" even while she's apologizing, too as John registers her familiar brown hair and her familiar odd glasses with their geometric orange frames and her familiar oval face and then says, "Ah—Marianne, hullo," with the same strange half-sinking half-rising stretched feeling he gets whenever they run into her.
In the shadowy space between their faces Sherlock is smiling at him. "You're already planning to blackmail Mycroft for CCTV stills, aren't you," he murmurs.
sinks his hand into Sherlock's thick, warm hair.
"I have to close the window," John says, thick. He doesn't know—how, did he—sleep, or. Or. He didn't notice, somehow. Sherlock nods, rolling up, and John pushes up clumsy to his knees to tug at the window, which is wet at the curtains and all over the sill. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Sherlock pushing up to standing behind him: bending forward, to untie John's slipknotted neckties. John hadn't thought of that. He feels—lopsided, for some reason. He's—sleep-heavy and worn thin and still—still wearing a fucking suspender belt, which seems. Incongruous? Is that the word he means? He shuts and latches the window, and suddenly the rain fills his ears in its silence. In the muffling stillness left behind.
deep under there, I think"; and Sherlock's spine snaps straight as he inhales. Looks back. Meets John's eyes.
something about it, but a lot of the time, you. Can't." He spreads his hands; and she shifts in her seat. Chin tilting up.
"Thank you," John says, "for that extremely insightful look into why I can't stand therapists"; and George grins at him, lopsided, half-conspiratorial.
"At any rate," Sherlock says, some moments later, low and rough. "I—I've not got any special attachment to the particulars of the experimental design."
been why he'd stopped seeing Paul—its own minefield, really—and because he'd wanted a shower and because in the years before Sherlock'd left they'd essentially had exactly the same exchange a half-dozen times at least, and because it'd seemed mostly rhetorical, anyway. John had never stopped to think that it might've really been wrapped around a genuine question:
"You're not sore?" Sherlock asks, very low.
Sherlock's head jerks up. "I—what?"
Salt. Skin. Strange, this feeling: the better part of a decade since John got on his knees for a comrade in arms, but John can think of no feeling closer to this, wanting to—to suck certain and fierce and heartfelt, to—to
Sherlock's breath is heavy, irregular. Uselessly John pets him. Holding him close: his folded-up hunched-together tight shoulders. His miserable back. So. So John pets him. He doesn't know what else to do.
Sherlock nuzzles at his shoulder. "Want a little more?" he murmurs.
"Oh," Sherlock says, sounding surprised, "I didn't shave until after university"; a revelation made as casually as whatever he'd had last for dinner, if he'd remembered, which Sherlock only appears to realize is in any way incriminating after he's finished saying it; whereupon he flushes bright pink under the shaving foam and casts his eyes down, turning away. It makes John dizzy with desire.
"Yeah," John croaks, and Sherlock nudges John's glass toward him, until it bumps into the back of John's right hand. John takes it, coughs. Drinks. Coughs.
The whole thing makes John hesitate. Twisted up inside, feeling—out of balance, off-kilter. Wrong. He steps back, turning his whole body so that they're facing as Sherlock steps towards him: John very slightly the taller, for once. Sherlock lowers his bag down by his thigh, when John leans to give him a kiss.
Watching Sherlock's throat move when he swallows pushes a thick, electric lash shivering up the length of John's spine. He wonders, a little hysterically, if this'll end, too, with him wanking on his knees on the living room floor.
down on his knees hard as a rock trying to see how much of Sherlock he can get into his mouth. Hands pinned by John's hands folded up fingers knotted against brick while Sherlock's hips jerk as he gasps, "John—
He wasn't. He isn't, is he? This newer older Sherlock doesn't lie to him, does he? John—knows him. Doesn't he. So Sherlock—left, yes, inarguable, but that just means that Sherlock just—he just needed John to be angry with him, he must've just needed—
"Y-y." Half-swallowed. "Yeah."
John nods. "It's pretty," he says.
: angry like he'd got angry over Brian's Walthamstow friend, out of place at Oxford, in 1988: John tears the paper under the sticking square of sellotape to bare lace, mesh, elastic like piano wire and buckles like knives: John would've bet money that Yvonne had been wearing stockings and suspenders, under that demure knee-length black skirt. Old lessons: John doesn't think about that because Harry would've murdered him, back in 1988, for thinking about that. On the towel rail he marshals his weapons, the edges of the mirror still hazy with steam. He thinks, very briefly, about shaving his legs, but then squares his shoulders and doesn't: the human fucking touch indeed.
He scratches at his jaw. "Smells good," he says, and Sherlock glances over.
"Self-important, self-serving
"You wanted to know," Sherlock says, fiddling with the lock, "how to do it."
"I mean—" John pulls back, looking up. "Please don't misinterpret this as any sort of foot-dragging on my part, but—"
"What makes you think it's for you?" Sherlock's voice buzzing into his skull. "Maybe I just like how you feel," Sherlock murmurs, and John slides his hand into Sherlock's hair, aching and open. Tightens. Tugs. Gives Sherlock all his tongue and his teeth with Sherlock fucking him slow and gentle with three long fingers—
John brushes his knuckles along the knobs of Sherlock's spine, then flattens his palm on the back of one tense, scrunched-up arm. He pets, feeling helpless. Before Sherlock'd turned his back to him he'd looked so uneasy. "You can lie back, if you like," says John; and watches Sherlock's shoulders huddle up under his ears. "Or," says John, soft. He doesn't feel soft but he wants to be soft, he wants to be so soft, and—and so he rubs, soft: thumb, trapezius. Up the tense-clutched line of Sherlock's levator scapulae; and then Sherlock makes a small, caught noise, and his head drops forward. Just barely.
"Your hand," Sherlock says, quiet.
Breath warm, "Moisturizer," Sherlock corrects. "Blue bottle. Black lid."
Sherlock hums. "I thought": a kiss. "You said Friday," teasing, voice low, a smirk; John laughs.
John nods. Throat tight. All those—all those nights, all those terrible—or, or before, before in, in 2012 and 2011 and 2010, in their flat with the doors locked and Sherlock not-asleep a storey underneath him or—or in—in 20—in 201—when he was—even while Sherlock was chain-smoking and chopping garlic in, in fucking
John can't help it. Jerks his hand free, coldhollow, to grab at Sherlock's working wrist—
"Oh, well, if it's only
, Sherlock replies, forty-five minutes later.
"Mrs. Hudson," John murmurs, biting at his jaw, "is going to wonder why—why on earth there's water dripping down her stairwell—"
"So can we trace—"
"Stay still, or I'll hit you," Sherlock tells him, and
"So." John wouldn't mind. His sock squeaks on the lino: closer. "So you—you like it, then?"
Contrary to Clara and Harry's decade-plus of endless banging on and on about the zeitgeist and cultural literacy and John's lack of respectable reading habits, John has, in fact, read
He takes twenty-six photos, keeps two: one close up of the triangle between his collarbone and trapezius, just flanked by the bra strap, that came out all right; and another, more daring, of the architecture of suspenders and knickers and stocking framing his arsecheek and the top of his thigh. Everything else he keeps, very carefully, outside the frame.
"Fucking against the fridge," Sherlock says. John can feel his own mouth tug, uneven: a rueful, lopsided smile.
He stops. John gets the lube out from under the pillow. Squeezes some into his palm, and closes his fingers, to warm it up.
"Last weekend Mrs. Hudson congratulated me and asked me if I wanted to borrow her Ann Summers frequent shopper discount card," gasps Sherlock, pressing up; and John starts laughing, hot and helpless, pressing his mouth to Sherlock's mouth, his cheek, his jaw and lovely pink throat while Sherlock drags at his hips and moans helplessly, hot-hard-silky against him and pushing—
When John next turns to rinse the razor, Sherlock asks, "Have you ever shaved your own?"
"Wait," says Sherlock, and reaches over; and his fingers brush John's bare thigh. John sits up, looking at him, and Sherlock, not meeting his eyes, slithers down to his knees.
"I know," he says, quietly. "If I thought he'd take it, I'd ask for one."
"Hm." Sherlock wriggles closer, so John rolls: sinking back, Sherlock's body heavy and warm and pressing tight against him. "Are you?" Sherlock mumbles, and John wriggles his other arm under his shoulders. Strokes down over his back, his arse; Sherlock's cock half-hard against John's hip. Sherlock says, "Hmmmmm," muscles flexing against John's palm; and John smiles against his temple.
Still half-frowning Sherlock lifts his right hand out of the water, and John takes it.
"It's Saturday, tomorrow," Sherlock says, into his neck. "Weekend."
Behind him, Sherlock is silent.
and thickening, easing back into him; John's pulse fluttering in his knees and his elbows as Sherlock—slips—as John groans, with that same bright-aching fitting-open feeling dripping out through his body, squirming, fingers curling, while Sherlock asks, "What happened to the lube?"
"You n-naked," Sherlock gasps, and then laughs, raw and wet, "just—just coming in and—and—"
"Only fair for you to pick, I think," John says; and Sherlock lifts his chin.
"John," George says, after silence.
, to avoid reception for another fifteen seconds; and then shuffles out as slowly as he can, thumbing out
: Sherlock, mouth full, moans. John swallows. Squeezes Sherlock's thigh. Bites down on his lip staring at Sherlock's hard wet cock a half-inch from his face, dark-flushed and dripping while Sherlock sucks him, hard; tongue and throat and lips wet and tight and relentless until shivering and shaking eyes stinging with salt John can't do anything but thud his head back against the carpet; gasp "Sherlock," somehow; and, hands throat body hollow, close his eyes.
"You don't ask," John says, quiet.
and tight full held hot prickling-wet overflowing as John incandescent explodes.
"Out of shagging me over every relatively smooth surface in the flat," John snaps, then inhales, squares his shoulders. "Or is it just me," he says, too loud over the rush of the water in the sink.
Spine to porcelain: uncomfortable, a bit; not important. Knees bent up John spreads his arms on the sides, waiting. Sherlock is looking down at him. Hovering and uncertain. Mouth dipping down at the side.
"So that I can be here with you, yeah?" John says, finally. "So that I—so that I can be—
John forces himself still.
"So it feels like someone else?" John asks, and then bends down heart pounding to lick at the crease of Sherlock's thigh. "So it feels like me?" John rasps; and Sherlock says, "Yes."
," John says, vaguely stung. He'd always checked under the bed.
She nods; he hits send. "Tea?"
"But either way," John says, a little too fast, "I think to him it looked like his—his California hipster wet dream turned up in the flesh and started listening to him and encouraging him to be chatty and forthcoming and to—to
He settles back in his seat, watching her. She's not pretty, exactly; but she has that quality, same as Rhoda and Clara and Jeremy, of being utterly, wholly herself: squared and solid down all the way to her bones. Mycroft, John is reluctant to admit, has it too; Sherlock doesn't. Marianne is younger than he'd thought, at first—her hands, her voice. He'd be surprised if she's much past thirty. She seems older.
John comes. His knee bangs into the underside of his desk: he's bit his lip half-bloody. He wipes at himself heart pounding and horrified with the bit of kitchen roll he'd got from his receptionist's fake office kitchenette and Christ,
, John, John couldn't, can barely—rolling them over curving his liquid spine melting to him while Sherlock, face burning, is slipping his fingers out of John's body leaving him—hollow empty like his mouth which he fits over Sherlock's hot peaked breast through black lace and then
"Oh." Sherlock clears his throat. "It was—ages ago, you wouldn't've—"
Standing there seeing nothing but the handle on the closed door of the fridge with Sherlock pressed up against him, Sherlock's hair soft around his fingers and Sherlock's breath humid against his neck makes something wind up tight and knotted inside John's chest, a clenched fist at the base of his throat. John turns his face towards him, and Sherlock exhales. Pulls him tighter. John's mouth brushes his hairline. He can't reach much of anything else. Sherlock tilts his face until his mouth finds skin and then all of a sudden opens and sucks and
"That's a miss, on twice a day," John says, laughing, "if you really think—"
John is panting into his hair. "I," swallowed. "God. Is it—okay, I'm not—"
And slow, so slow, while John's heart slowly slows: Sherlock's arms slot up around his middle. Tighten across his back.
"Oh," John says, uselessly.
—still hard, brushing against John's burning skin. "Make you nice and warm like this," breathless: "for me," Sherlock's soft mouth, "every time."
Sherlock stays quiet. There is, unaccountably, a strange stretched sense of regret in John's chest.
how can he because Sherlock must feel this
Sherlock should be afraid, nor least of all why on earth John should feel it like it is his fear too; why the idea of his body alongside Sherlock's body, buckled tight, held in line, should launch whatever—whatever change in Sherlock's breathing, or shift in posture, or the way he holds his hands, that John couldn't describe but still has clearly learned to know; why John too should be infected by the, the angle of his chin, or the way he moves his hands, or whatever bleeding
When he turns back, Sherlock's wearing his trousers. Shirt untucked still half open, bare feet, as the flush on his collarbones fades millimeter by millimeter, and he fills the kettle in the sink.
John doesn't think they're talking about gaydar any longer, but it's a little bit hard to be sure. "For," he says; and Sherlock says, "The—that text."
John's fingers. Sherlock's mouth. His half-closed eyes, very dark.
"I keep thinking about—"
"I don't suspect anything," Mycroft says, and then pauses. "Except incompetence, which I tend to find with distressing consistency."
"That feels." John swallows. "Good."
Sherlock is still scowling at him, but he smooths it out. "I'd just thought," he says, straightening up, "if I'm going to get the stuffing kicked out of me by a hobbit—"
John sighs. "I know that." He picks the bread off his sandwich, then sets it back down. "That's not—I'm trying, all right?"
Holding him close. Soft.
"I'm not entirely sure that I can wholeheartedly endorse the experience," Sherlock murmurs, still—fucking—
"I did," Sherlock agrees. Hands up John's dressing gown, which has come open: he makes no effort to remove them, just says, "I think you know why I asked you here," with his cheek tipped down and resting, his nose tucked against John's throat.
He draws his hand back, caressing: Sherlock nearly stumbles, noise caught low in his throat; and John steadies him, hands on his hips. Sherlock's pulse is racing, all his skin pinked up. For an instant John's head swims with the breadth of his torso and the length of his legs and the citrusy coconut still-sweaty smell of him and then Sherlock takes a step back to press flush against him, John's arms sliding easy around him, his arms folding down along John's as the long hot pink weight of him is too-hot sticking to John's face and his thighs and his chest.
John sleeps like the dead and wakes up feeling half-hungover, groggy and disorientated, but it clears by the time he's halfway done with his second cup of tea at the surgery, enough that Rhoda says, "
"'—so should you ever meet her, whatever you do, don't refer to her as
"What?"
"He's got an uncanny ability for pushing my buttons," Sherlock says, finally.
Not cruel, quite. Not hope.
John nods and nods, dizzy. The slick-hot cradle of Sherlock's big wiry body, holding him—down—he swallows. "Got me so wet," he says, unsteady, "I'll probably be dripping all day."
"Well, you can show me, then," John says.
"All right," Mycroft says, very calmly. "He's about three minutes away from you, just coming up Tottenham Court Road, bit of traffic, but he'll be there—"
John doesn't know how to answer.
"John," Sherlock gasps.
He stops.
"So," she says, finally.
John nods. Half-dreading; and then.
"Yeah, so." John shrugs. "I'm up on all the spicy gossip about what goes on in their surgery." He pauses. "And at City Academy."
"Something like," Sherlock says. "Left late, on the 9th," voice rough. "Home, supposedly, on the 14th."
Sherlock's shoulders snap back. "That you want it," he finishes, crisp and flat, and backhands John so hard the window rattles his skull.
Sherlock shifts. "No," he says. "Well—yes, I do, but no, you don't need to, it'll be boring, you won't get to shoot anyone."
"You're making a mess of my trousers," Sherlock tells him, and John croaks out a raw, agonized laugh. "Ought to make you clean them up, too. Hm?"
, everything she
Slow.
He settles down against him, tucking his chin on Sherlock's collarbone. Sherlock wraps an arm around him, hand splaying low down on his spine. They're sweaty: uncomfortable, really. Even with the window open it's too hot.
"I was—I'd just thought, we could just—mess about," he says. "For hours, if we wanted." Gathering—gathering in. "As long as we wanted, I mean," John says, steadier. Steadying. "For—ages, if we liked."
He takes John's wrist. Turns up his hand. The meat of John's palm is black with dirt, seeping wet. Stinging, hot. Sherlock presses his fingers out, gently, and John shivers down to his toes.
"I can do the tea," John suggests, "and you can do the food."
Sherlock nods. Exhaling. Steadying. "Not quite the ideal situation for your first go," he admits, touching him.
for ten sodding minutes so I can get some food into you. All right?"
Sherlock'd wrapped himself around him. Was holding him up. Still is. Embarrassing, the necessary scaffolding of Sherlock's body hot everywhere around him, one hand on his sternum, the other flat half-over John's on the bed. His breath hot but slowing, coming onto-into John's burning sweat-dripping face. Sherlock isn't moving at all. Still in him, John realizes, and swallows.
His mobile rings.
"That's." John shifts. "Fine."
"I do want to ask you," John says. Nosing: mouth, cheek. Under the weight of his arm, Sherlock lets out a breath, melting-sinking ribs. "Not yet?" John asks. Lips on skin. "We've got time," he says, quiet; and Sherlock rubs up against him like a cat: bare and soft, eyes heavy-closing, and hot. "Not yet," Sherlock, breathing, agrees: John wraps an arm around him. Cuddled close to kiss.
"You touch yourself like that?" he asks, thick. "Left-handed?"
Very seriously, John says, "I would love it if you would let me blackmail him, into anything"; and Sherlock starts giggling, kissing (forehead, cheek). Pressing close. John breathes him in. Drawing deep.
"Can we." Swallowing. "Sherlock, can we just—"
"Do you still spar with Mantle and Chambal?" Sherlock asks.
, and soft Sherlock had said,
, John says.
: John's back prickles. John
His voice curves down, he finds, at the end.
"All right," Sherlock says, sounding half-gone; "Christ," John gasps, "you've no idea, how I want to fuck you, I just—"
," Sherlock grumbles. John scratches up his ribs, eyes closed, as under his fingers Sherlock shifts and stretches with John shifting-stretching, John's hand sliding up Sherlock's back as Sherlock slides back under the covers, lying on his side by John's side. Arm tucked under Sherlock's warm neck, which rubs: his stubble (rough) against John's jaw (rough); his shoulder; his throat.
Sherlock is quiet for a minute. "You and Mrs. H," he says.
John says, "Twelve, sir."
Sherlock doesn't say anything.
Slow.
"You mean," John says, digging around for the last of his chicken, "our friends from the Winchester fencing squad—"
Low, Sherlock says, "Come here"; so John goes.
—and then helpless, hunching forward, he shakes his head.
— "coming into the flat to find you upstairs getting fucked."
," gasped out of air as Sherlock shoves into him, deep. Fingers so hard they might bruise, Christ: John twists his mouth to his arm to muffle himself, and Sherlock draws back—in—out—
"Eight," John agrees, "at least"; and Sherlock breathes out long-slow and bends to give him a kiss.
, Sherlock had said,
," Sherlock repeats, more insistently; but his hand keeps moving over John's back, hypnotically slow. John inhales and yields anyway, stretching out his feet and legs until his ankles crack, then rolling over onto his back. Bared, Sherlock scrubs at his face, but doesn't otherwise make any attempt to move.
"—as though I'd not notice, with you two giggling at each other just above my living room." She sounds rather amused: John scrubs his hand through his hair.
"What?" Sherlock asks.
"Mm?" John squints up at him. Sherlock is still staring at him, unmoving. If John slid over the mattress he could get his mouth around him for a bit while he. Just closed his eyes. "D'you want to do it some more?" John asks, "Or"; as Sherlock flushes a bright, luminous red.
to say that to him; because not one word of it would fucking help. Over and over Sherlock will insist over and over that he is all right over and over and so they just—trundle along, don't they. Don't they. Don't they; and everyone is all right.
"Kiss me," John says, quiet; and Sherlock groans but twists harder to kiss him, hot and eager and hungry, hungry for him, chest arching under his hands while John kisses him open-mouthed starving and pets his sternum, plays with his tits, wanting—wanting—
"Mm?" Sherlock's hands all over his back and shoulders, prickling; their legs interlacing.
. He is staring at the edge of the coffee table with his hands on his knees full of air. He feels—
"Your mobile's dead," Sherlock says.
to, I would've," so fast the words crash together, stumble and trip.
: unsought; impossible;
John nods again, stretching for the lube, which Sherlock'd knocked over, and which is leaking onto the base of the lamp. John wipes it up with his palm, not very effectively. Wipes his hand on the duvet, clumsy. When he turns back to face him Sherlock rolls up onto his side, watching: his impossible, unreadable face. John pauses, then hesitating, he wets his hand, then puts the bottle back on the bedside table.
Sherlock's hands are knotted up in the back of John's shirt. Heavy and crumpling. His breath on John's neck: just the same. His mouth moves: a kiss, nearly. Another: higher up.
John points at his jaw with his fork, then sticks it back in his eggs.
a Canadian?" he asks.
"Yeah," groaning, anything Sherlock'd give him, hand or prick or "Sherlock—please,
He turns out the light in the bathroom. At the top of the stairs. In his bedroom Sherlock is sitting on the end of his bed, in just his pants, looking awkward, which is, quite frankly, somewhat better than John'd entirely expected. John turns out the light by the door and comes over to Sherlock, yellow lamp-lit.
"I was." John swallows. "I felt great." He sighs, then rubs his left palm over his face.
"It's—nice, yeah?" John says, quiet; Sherlock exhales. John touches his side—soft belly—warm waist: "No one's watching," he whispers, "we're having fun"; and Sherlock catches his mouth in a hot, dragging-wet kiss. John tightens his arm around him, hard. Wanting—barely knowing, just—wanting Sherlock on him, mouth to mouth hand to hand skin to skin, just—
"Want me to?" Sherlock strokes him, loose.
—" with a curiously mechanical rhythm: John feels, dizzyingly, as though he is countries away. It doesn't hurt, precisely, but it aches; it is frightening; feeling all that light gone and in its place—
"Yeah," John says.
"If we're betting, I mean," John says.
He pants. John batters at his nipple with his tongue and Sherlock shudders all over, hand digging hard into John's hair. "You wanted," John suggests, muffled: he can't pull up, doesn't want to; fits his mouth back tight to Sherlock's nipple as his fingers pluck at the other and Sherlock's ribs hitch—and hitch—
"I could if I rolled you over," Sherlock tells him, in a low hot lecherous voice: nearly comical, with those acrobatic eyebrows; just the way he'd do it to get some poor assistant or receptionist to lose their composure in an overheated half-offended half-lustful flutter, while John was briskly kicking in their boss's door.
"But," Sherlock murmurs, muffled.
, and John already red-faced shuddering, gasping as Sherlock works it in licks up the whole length of him lips slack and parted, Christ—John'd give his left attention-lavished nut to get his cock in that pink mouth. Instead Sherlock gives him a chaste little kiss that has John shovingforward hips and then Sherlock licks down and then fucking
"What?" Sherlock snaps. He crosses his arms over his chest. His face is thunderous. "Frankly, I'm having a very hard time seeing how it's anything to do with you."
Sherlock ducks his chin, half turning. Picks up a pen and then sets it down again, daylight limning the line of his jaw, and says, "Your chair, then, I think."
John would never have given that as an answer before. He is thinking: that hasn't changed, either.
he was a bit of a mess and I
, John thinks.
dog and handler team, but it's awfully slow going—apparently they've got plastic sheeting and sharp tools all over, so they don't want it to get any more crowded—worried about the dogs, aren't they, paws and noses and the like. I reckon he couldn't have planned it better, could he?"
. Odd: John'd never been particularly close to his own parents. He doesn't know why, for Sherlock, he should so much more feel the lack. Sherlock's mum lives in Manchester. He could visit her tomorrow, if he wanted. John's mum'd died when he was twenty-one, and at that point it'd mostly been a relief.
Sherlock frowns at him. "There were, as I recall, one or two things in between."
person tea?" he asks. His hand has migrated to the base of Sherlock's back, slippery and wet. Eyes closed Sherlock wipes streaming water off his face, mouth uncertain; but John pets at his spine, wanting helplessly. It shows on his face, he knows: how couldn't it? and after a moment, Sherlock kisses him: on the nose, undignified; but then bends to go for the stopper. John lets him pull the curtain out of the bath and flip the diverter, then watches, a little mystified, as Sherlock climbs out of the rising water, and goes over to the basin to drip all over the floor, to—to brush his teeth.
know that?" George asks; and John gasps, "Christ," and then folds his shaking hand over his eyes.
"I'm sorry I left you, I mean," Sherlock says, and John is silenced. Voice caught. "I'm sorry that I left you to Vic," Sherlock says, very quietly. "And. I'm sorry about." He clears his throat. "The girl."
"I love you," Sherlock whispers; and John stares up at the ceiling.
to—I'm
while Sherlock had gasped and
Hard.
, he'd said, and then had to swallow.
"Twelve." Holmes's voice, that: John nods. The cane is still resting against his arse, unmoving. Holmes says, "It's important that I hear you say it."
Lying like that. Cuddled up. John kisses Sherlock's cheek and pets the small of Sherlock's back and feels—he doesn't know. He doesn't know what he feels. Sherlock's pulse is still racing. His body half on top of John's body, tense and unhappy and hot.
Sherlock sighs. Dropping his head back, heavy on John's shoulder. "I want—I want you to fuck me across the bathroom counter, I want to come down your throat, I want—
"Six," Sherlock whispers, but John is already shaking his head, even before Sherlock says, "and a half"; and then stops.
"I should?" The warm-tight bubble in John's throat feels almost like laughing so John laughs as he
He pets.
"I want—," Sherlock is gasping, "I want to feel you—": as John cups his hands on the sides of Sherlock's face; and Sherlock laughs, broken-wet. Arms tightening around him back and neck: breathe in they kiss. Sherlock arching up underneath him, grinding—
"I had an idea," Sherlock explains.
"Should I chop this up?" John asks, holding up the onion, and Sherlock nods.
John breathes. He unlocks his fingers from fabric, one by one by one. Touches the back of Sherlock's flushed neck, then slides his hand into Sherlock's damp, cowlicked hair.
"I didn't do it expecting anything different," John says. "I—I knew that and I wanted to, I want—"
"Until—here,
John scrambles back to curl himself around his back, arm fitted around him face fitted against him like John's knees fit into the backs of his knees while warm and damp and fragrant against him Sherlock breathes, deep-deep-deep.
Sherlock is rolling his eyes. "I was thinking,
want to," he says; and then, awkwardly, laughs.
"I know," says Sherlock. "I know you aren't."
him, doesn't he. He ought to—he
," John insists, "not just help yourself to—stop it—you
"John," Sherlock gasps, lightning-shocked, and John eases back.
, John's absent thoughts. "But." John's fingers.
"Rhoda's spent quite a while thinking of you as my profoundly tactless flatmate," John says; then scrubs his palm over his own turned-up face.
"What do you need," Sherlock asks, very quietly, "for me to put my mouth on you?"
"It was a long few days," John says, soft.
," Sherlock moans, and shoves his hands down John's pants: John laughs against his sternum, and then promptly falls half off the sofa trying to get his jeans off. Sherlock grabs at his hips, steadying him: and John has a vivid flash of shoving his cock up alongside Sherlock's, sweaty and slick—
John pulls back, panting, while Sherlock rolls his hips into John's hips. "Fuck," John groans, and shoves himself down against him: Sherlock moans. "You're close, yeah?" John gasps, and Sherlock nods and nods. "Getting closer?" John asks, unsteady, and moaning Sherlock grabs at his arse tender-hot-sparking and grinds them hard together. "Jesus." John swallows. Fucking against him, moving in sweat-slick slow-liquid rolls: Sherlock moans and
, with every rational part of me, that you were fine. And I wish that you'd just told me to fuck off but that, that
"I do," John gasps, sucking down oxygen-hollow breaths, "I want—Sherlock—"
and "God," gasps John. Swallowing. "How can you—how can—"
(Close enough that—.)
Sherlock closes the door.
John takes another sip. Sherlock is a heavy, hot weight against his right shoulder—his whole side, really; shamelessly pushing John over to fit into the leftmost third of the sofa. They both smell. Ought to shower, probably. John sips his tea, and Sherlock turns his face, rubs his cheek against John's shoulder.
course, which John does not consider worthy of reply. "So," he says, "what were you doing, chugging lager behind the bike sheds?" as he turns back to pump the other twice into his palm, and then—upon reflection—again. "Doesn't seem your style."
Sherlock inhales. "Yeah," he says, and then licks over his own bottom lip. "Sometimes I like to get it up me and then get dressed just to—to see."
She shakes her head. Says, "You're secretly an optimist, aren't you."
"No." Sherlock shifts, and John with him, taking more of his weight on his elbow and hip.
So. So John is standing in the middle of the kitchen, holding an open bottle of wine.
and pawing at him hair and neck while Sherlock tongues him through cotton and then—
," knelt halfway up with his hips snapping—shoving him
"H'lo," he says, instead. Nods at the table, slings his bag over into the seat of his armchair. "Slow day on casework, I take it."
"Ages ago," he says, "when I was still at uni": his low tumbled-rock voice. "Or," Sherlock says, "did you mean, more recently."
, that's absurd, that isn't—"
, either. But I can't fuck you and feel like it's not allowed to mean anything." He takes a breath. "And I
"That's my mobile," Sherlock says, rough; then adds, unnecessarily, "Chloe."
"Oh, fuck off," he tells her, and she laughs. Reaches up to push her hair back. His face is warm: wine, sun. Embarrassment. He can feel himself smiling, though.
"You are," Sherlock says, voice cracking. "You are, you're so—"
Sherlock pulls his hand back. "Didn't understand," he says, quiet; folds himself in half sliding down to kiss the side of John's slicked-up mouth: John puts one hand in Sherlock's hair and tugs.
"You're still a bastard," Sherlock tells him.
"There
Sherlock smiles down at him, not nice. "Hardly," he says, "it's just that it's so much bigger than you're used to," as he reaches for the—Christ, it
John inhales, and squints his eyes open: the room is grey and blue with newborn daylight, watery through the window. Sherlock's squeezing him tight and John's mouth tastes terrible and "I have to piss," he says, which induces Sherlock to let out a vast, put-upon sigh, but he does loosen his arm around John's waist.
Sherlock presses—sliding his fingers into him. "Hot?" Sherlock suggests, as  John's mouth opens. Drips.
His voice cracks strangely around the end of it.
"He's not incompetent, he's
, while John licks out panting hard-cold huffs through his stinging nostrils and John has to, has to—grabs at Sherlock's wrists, could—hold him moving with Sherlock pulling at him panting fucking him deep-wide-open for him wanting—and Sherlock gasps, stumbling—forward,
Sherlock nods, close against him. "So," he says, much in the manner of a man who has proved a thesis conclusively. "You see."
"Why not," Sherlock says. He sounds astoundingly petulant for a man having his nipples stroked up into little bubble-round rocks: John pinches one and Sherlock moans, pushing back, rubbing tantalizingly against him.
, he's terribly sweet, he's sweetly rubbing John looser and looser with his long gentle wet sweet fingers fucking one into him just the tip and then oh-h-hh-
"I've forgot," John says. "Have you met Gerald King?"
John pauses, then finishes his lunch. Goes out. Washes his hands, makes another cup of tea. He brings it to Natalie, and leans his head close to hers behind her desk.
, rolling over and about inside his head, as he walks to work. Above him the morning is a watery butter-yellow, heavy with haze. He'd spent two and a half hours throwing Sherlock into the carpet repeatedly before his knee finally gave up with a loud protesting
Their hands touch and tangle together. Come to rest between their chests. John presses his mouth to Sherlock's hair, dark and knotted. A mess.
It should feel absurd, saying it like that. It doesn't. It feels deathly serious. He can look Sherlock straight in his yellow-blue eyes, can examine him: can measure all of the expression chased off Sherlock's lovely strange face. John's heart throbs in his temples. His throat.
John gasps, presses the top of his head to the door. Sherlock's palm on his chest, sliding down—petting his belly in ever-lower circles with his other hand on his arse— "Better like this." Sherlock pries him apart—slides into his crack—rubs against him: John bites at the meat of his thumb— "Just consider: me rubbing against you until I can't stand it," Sherlock whispers, "let me soak your back"; and John moans. "Yeah?" Sherlock whispers, and John jerks out a nod: "You thought about that?" and a nod; "Shouldn't though, should you?" and John nods, nods; and then whimpers when Sherlock steps back. "Or me shoved to the root inside you," fingers hard on John's thighs, "shouldn't think about that, should you," shoving John's jeans the rest of the way to his knees: "but you do."
"Not particularly," Sherlock agrees, bending down. "Wasn't necessary, anyway," he adds, as John soaps up his hair. "It's not hard to find wild hops, actually."
I don't want to stop, you know
the way down, John half levitating out of the chair as he moans. John drops his arm—
"You always want to kiss," Sherlock says.
"Extraordinary circumstances," John says, low.
Sherlock stares at nothing John can see in silence. John, every few minutes, turns a page. The wet windows darken, bee-striped with black and washed-out amber yellow, and John drinks about a quarter of his cold tea. He tucks his feet under himself. The flat isn't cold, precisely, but it's not hot anymore, either. Rain batters at the glass, rattling and sullen. In the morning they'll wake and open the windows and the air will flood in, washed clean, cool and hollow; but right now, the flat just still smells of onions, and tea, and rosin; and somewhere deep down underneath everything: Pears soap, and Sherlock's warm skin.
, Sherlock had said. Sherlock had said,
John sets the cup back down and goes to make himself toast. Eggs, too, enough to hold the pan over Sherlock's plate in offering, but not so much that he won't be able to finish them off when Sherlock waves them away.
), John spends a quarter of an hour standing up pressing that blasted green jumper to Sherlock's forehead while he slumps on the brick edging of a flowerbed and Greg calls for a cab to come 'round and fetch them, since he'd rather it didn't wind up in anything official and Chloe's fucked off with Mycroft's car. When they get back to the flat Mrs. Hudson shouts at all of them comprehensively, then makes them tea while John sews up the gash in Sherlock's gigantic idiot head in the kitchen. "We didn't even catch her," Greg confesses, downstairs; "You never catch her," John says, "go home," and then bolts the door behind him and sighs.
John smiles tightly. "Very forward-thinking of you."
He stops again. Sherlock is watching him, still. Saying—
Sherlock pulls his laptop back onto his knees, then sighs, exasperated, and shoves it back onto the coffee table, flopping his legs out. Arms sprawled. His bare feet twitching.
as bad," he says, hot on the back of John's ear: under his long rangy sticky-hot weight John shivers, stretches; "as my syphilitic," a
"Fuck," John gasps, shoving his leg up; and Sherlock makes a noise, hot and hungry, and pulls him apart.
John laughs. "Well, if you hadn't told me that you didn't—"
—while John tells him, "That isn't—that isn't, that isn't—"
—" with his face falling forward enough that Sherlock's arm catches the word hard in his throat.
"I kissed you first," Sherlock says, a little too fast.
An idea, almost. A barely-idle half-thought. He opens all the windows: a breath of air. Another: he breathes. He could: go for a run, make breakfast, read the news. Plug in his mobile: that one, he does. Half five, by his mobile at 10% battery: outside their wide windows starting traffic-sounds and the faint acrid hot-metal smell of rain: somewhere, not here, but not far. He goes back upstairs. Sherlock is still just where John left him, his body heavy with sleep. Bared: the soft pale back of his long heron neck. It makes John feel—wetted. Sodden and weighty, still-squelching, dripping all over everything. Ever so careful John climbs up, eases himself down. Tidily he stretches out on the space of crumpled sheet behind Sherlock's long body, careful and slow. Hot. Careful John pushes his boxers down to his ankles, off his feet:
Not, John thinks, very crisply, in his vocabulary.
. All the while he had felt impossibly sympathetic and fond; trying, rather painfully, to remain steadfast, to not laugh: nothing but silence before this morning but at a quarter to midnight last night, there still hadn't been any record of that. John had been lying in bed with all the lights off wanting Sherlock with corners of him he'd thought long abandoned while
," when John is two-thirds of the way up the back of his thigh. John's heart is beating, strong and loud. If John got Sherlock to open his legs around him that'd be just where he'd rest his thumbs so he does it now, digs them in. Sherlock groans, pressing his hips to the duvet.
"Yeah," he says, finally. "I mean, I still wouldn't like it much, I—I see these kids, you know? And they are." He swallows. "Kids, I mean." He laughs a little, his eyes prickling up, nearly: idiotic, really. "Hatchlings," he explains; and his voice catches; and a gasp. Caught in the back of his throat.
"Yeah?" John rubs at the sweaty hollows behind Sherlock's knees. Heart pounding.
himself back—and not very well, either; all the little abortive restrained motions of his body towards John's body when they aren't already touching, the way he'd looked at John all evening, the way upstairs he'd wrapped his hand around John's bent-up knee and then squeezed so hard he'd startled John into saying,
"God." Sherlock's eyes flutter shut, just for an instant. Chest lifting. His hand sliding on John's cock in rhythm with John's weight: John rubs his thumbs across Sherlock's nipple, light, and Sherlock's hips jerk beneath him.
He's panting. Dripping all over. Pulls it out gasping, feeling hollow, emptied out; and stumbles to pull the chair away from the wall. Dead center of the room, facing—no. No. John turns the chair towards the door and shoves his wet silicone cock down onto the seat 'til it sticks and then gets down on his knees and gets his mouth around it. Wavering reflections in the lights in the window but John doesn't look, doesn't watch himself, doesn't want to, just wants to suck it down deep, deep, deep, thick and bitter-slick across his tongue fucking into his starving mouth deeper and deeper and deeper, until it makes his breathing stop. He pulls off eyes closed with his right hand around it and three fingers on the left up his arse and jerks it, panting; licks it like an ice lolly and pulls it back in, sucks it hard. Could suck—could suck so hard with three fingers up his arse could suck him until he tasted him, halfway to spilling across the back of his throat, could—could keep. Fucking.
," sounding gratifyingly broken; and then, "Oh, God, you
Sherlock gives him a little cotton-rough lick; then, bolder, another: John swallows, drops his head back against his chair, nearly laughing.
—lips onlyjust sliding hotwet
"Just—saunter down to the ground floor, I reckon?" John shifts his shoulders, rubbing his palm at the back of Sherlock's ribs. "Step out to check the weather, letting it all hang out?"
you, I miss you": and then gasps, and gasps, and
"We're all caught up on the bills," John tells him, rocking forward on his knees and bracing his hands on the border of towel and sheet above Sherlock's shoulders: "and you've only got Mohr in German, so—"
Again:
Eyes. Closed, John nods.
"I don't masturbate to orgasm," Sherlock says, "no."
, how—how you—you respond to, to
Sherlock nods, fast. His whole body held quivering and tight, painfully still. John wants to kiss him, to pull him closer, to pull the blankets up around him and—
"No, they weren't making bombs, then, they were stealing bicycles." Sherlock scrubs at his hair, then flips the laptop back around and starts typing. "It wasn't—it had nothing to do with Moriarty, you know. It was just. A favor for a friend."
"Do you like it?" Sherlock asks, petting—down—
"Hey." John licks his lips. "Want to come up here for a bit?"; and Sherlock turns his face back down against John's leg. "No?"
"Pears is drying." Sherlock scrunches up his face, but he's sheepish, grinning.
touch you like that?"
while Sherlock sighs, soft, into the edge of his mouth; and then slides his palm down John's lit-up belly to lift up John's balls.
Close up, Sherlock breathes.
The streetlights are amber, draining the color out of everything. Sherlock touches the edge of his hand to the edge of John's cheek. His palm, then; John inhales, and Sherlock bends down.
"You say Amsterdam very certainly," Sherlock says. That tone of voice: scorn, delight. John shifts in his seat absurdly. Feeling himself heating up under the table, heavy between his thighs. "Surely Brussels would be a more rational choice," Sherlock is saying, eyes sharp, "I'd've thought."
John looks back out the windscreen. "Even one that means taking orders from Mycroft."
They kiss. John breathes: Sherlock's frantic overhot breaths. John pets over his arms and his shoulders and the tendon-taut line of his fragile white throat and wants him, desperately, wants—wants to
and John moans into the pillow, pushing back. "Again," he is gasping, barely hearing— "
"Eleven," he gasps, "sir"; and then Holmes cracks the twelfth down across his arse again and John sobs, helpless: "Twelve, sir," and Holmes is backing away like he's going to stop but John gasps, "Sixteen—sixteen, you said—you said sixteen," sounding wet and shaky as he is wet and shaky all over: Sherlock stilled beside him; "Sir," John manages, somehow, "you added four."
In the office across the way. John watches. A woman's cracked open the high slit of a bathroom window to take a long, taut drag from an illicit cigarette. She must be standing on top of the toilet, to be up so high: eyes closed, her lipsticked mouth twisted. Her hair pulled all to one side.
, echoing in John's ears,
, John hears, flitting through his scattered thoughts as he rubs his face against Sherlock's face with Sherlock's hard cock nestled in between them while they kiss like teenagers in Sherlock's disheveled bed; but John barely knows what it means. It feels normal to lie on his back in the nude with his thighs bracketing Sherlock's thighs, but it isn't. Even for John, it is a new thing upon new things upon new things; Sherlock must feel as though he's been asked to reorganize the Atlantic. "Do you want," John asks, some time later, feeling red-faced and too tight in his skin; and Sherlock nods, panting, lifting John's hips up off the bed to push into him, John leaving lube-sticky fingerprints all over Sherlock's throat and shoulders while he kicks Sherlock's laptop shut—"oh—sorry—
He seems thoughtful, mostly; but still a little surprised. Curious. John wonders. An interesting question: what Sherlock does and does not notice, when it comes to sex. "Did you know that Tom was gay?" John asks.
, Sherlock had told him,
, still echoing in his fingertips,
him to see. "That much is obvious. That he made you unhappy, and whether it was—a man a decade older than you irresponsible enough to start shagging a boy under the age of consent or," aching, "or some girl two houses over who you'd known from nursery school, you wouldn't—you wouldn't hide it like this," John explains, quiet, "if he hadn't made you miserable."
"I could," John offers, and then swallows. "I meant it," he explains. "If you want, I could—," and Sherlock picks up an old-fashioned silver safety razor, and, handle-first, passes it to John.
"I—maybe," Sherlock says, finally. "I mean, just if you—"
"No," John whispers. "No." Face burning. "I want—"
, when Sherlock's hand starfishes over him, caressing through his shirt his, his nipple, his ribs, and "Please," gasping John is gasping, "please,
John rubs at his face.
John didn't. He nods.
"Soft-hearted," John says, and then laughs wildly. Holmes, not Sherlock. "Probably—pants at discipline, probably—probably couldn't even bring yourself to—"
"It was intense," John says steadily. A little too loud because of the water, and. A good scrub. "I needed to go to sleep."
John says, "It's just been such a long time," aching, "since I trusted me."
, John is thinking: nonsensical and incandescent, heart fluttering up in his throat; wanting to twist towards Sherlock twisting back; wanting Sherlock slumped down in the water with his knees jutting up just so he can rest his head back against John's shoulder, John's arms wound 'round his arms; wanting to coil himself into-around Sherlock until there's no space in between them, so that neither of them can get free. John's palm, brushing Sherlock's taut-twisted breathing-warm throat. The fair damp hair on his moving sticky chest. Living without him had been a grievous wound: an injury so ragged-edged and bloody John'd barely been able to look at it, at the time. It's not precisely a wonder that, having got him back, John'd be desperate to spend sodding weeks cuddled up with him in an undersized, uncomfortable bath.
and Sherlock says, "Ahhhunnngh," and between them the shiver squirms down his body and into John, slithering down his spine to his feet. John pulls back. Shaking. "Sherlock," he gasps. (If you weren't me.) Staring up at his long fair throat moving up-down. Up-down. Can't breathe.
; and then immediately regretted it. Every word.
"Don't you," John murmurs, touching them, and Sherlock inhales, slow.
John is gasping. Airless and desperate, eyes prickling up, with his cock going soft in his fist.
—" and John whispers, "All five for you?" with his face tucked in against Sherlock's rising-falling belly, eye-level with his cock only just-dripping onto his flushed skin.
John swallows. Swallows. Tucks his knee in between Sherlock's bare knees with his blood pumping hot everywhere all over: "You wanted it like this?"
"Not right now," he says, and then eases back up onto his knees. "Breathe," he says, rubbing at the small of John's back, and John nods and breathes as Sherlock pulls slowly, carefully out.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. After a moment, John rests his forehead back against Sherlock's spine. Tender, bruised.
"Did he go with you?"
Sherlock puts his mobile into his pocket. Takes it out again. Puts it back, then takes it out again all in a rush and reaches over, crane-like, to set it on John's bedside table, his whole body listing into a strange, off-balance "X." "You should," Sherlock says, and then swallows, twice: up-down, up-down. "Take your clothes off," he says, at last; and when John starts unbuttoning his shirt, Sherlock straightens. Cheeks pink. Turns around. "Do you—could I borrow a hanger?"
His conditioner smells like coconut, too. In addition to being two and a half years older, Cissy had been head and shoulders taller than him and had had round arms and lush breasts and had let John kiss her once, but not twice: a generosity; an indulgence given—very kindly, John thinks now, past forty—to a little boy; and John is painfully, irrationally ashamed. The ends of Sherlock's hair tend to catch, he is noticing, when wet. This close he barely has to raise his voice to ask, "Do you like it?"
John asks, "How was Amsterdam?"
"Yeah," John says. "Tea sounds great."
John groans as he comes: can't help it, harsh and loud. He bites down on his lip, breathing hard through his nose. Swallows, and breathes, and swallows.
," unsteady, and helpless John presses his mouth to Sherlock's mouth opening his mouth and his tongue slipping inagainstalongside his tongue and "I want you," Sherlock whispers, "
Shifting his weight doesn't make the bench any more comfortable. John says, "Does seem a bit like someone's been reading too many comic books though, doesn't it?" and Sherlock straightens, shoulders squaring as he lifts his head.
—hesitates.
John looks back at him. "Is what different?"
you to be—probably thought he'd won the lottery, I'd expect, to just
Sherlock pulls back, hand still tight in the fabric stretched over John's chest. "I want," he says, and then lets go. Says, "I have something to show you," very seriously, as he smoothes down John's vest.
, I just wanted—I wanted—"
John swallows. His heart gives a sick, lurching throb.
, is it—," breaking off again, jerking his red face five degrees to the right.
"Simon says," John says, muffled, "with tongue": and Sherlock starts laughing, but kisses him open-mouthed and sweetening: the familiar oceanish warm-metal tang of his tongue.
"Yes," Sherlock whispers. Swallows. "You could—," he says, while his body tightening-trembles, "if you want you could—"; and John asks, "Is it all right if I go slow?" very quietly. Sherlock swallows. John can feel it all the way through him. "Yes," Sherlock says, tongue thick, and then exhales: soft; as knee braced suspenders creaking John rubs his two wet fingers against his only-just-barely relaxing body. Only-just-barely dips the tip of one in. Sherlock curls his forehead up to John's shoulder squeezing. His whole body focused and taut, hands tight on John's shoulder and his hair: John wants it to be longer for him. Sherlock, he thinks, likes to pull.
Lets go of Sherlock's hand.
"Well, I was only there for three days," he says.
Cups his hand over John's half-hard cock and John arches, groaning, "God, I don't—I don't know, I don't know,
"But I do enjoy it," John says, "I get off, don't I? I just—I always want more from him," tongue thick. "Don't I."
John inhales. "Yeah."
"I'm going to fuck you with this," Sherlock says, "so you'd better get acquainted. Lick it, please."
Sherlock is holding him,
"Well, when I gave them a go I could barely figure out how to get them on
"John." Thick.
Another.
Sherlock says, "What, you petting me like a cat," but it comes out—wrong, somehow. Queerly unbalanced at the end.
"Smaller," Sherlock says, "loads smaller. Almost a paste, but not quite"; and John nods. Gives the board another 90 degree turn. Another series of cuts, another turn.
"I'm not sure I'll fit," Sherlock says. His voice wobbles, a bit.
them," he says, breathless, "or—"; while Sherlock exhales "
John nods. Touching his cheekbone: his eyeliner is a mess. "I do," John says. "I am."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says, and John shakes his head.
"I know," Sherlock says, quiet; and John nods.
"I was going to make you breakfast," Sherlock mumbles, wedging himself in close and tight. It's unnecessary, thrilling; John is already quite efficiently pinned to the bed.
"Tutoring?" John asks.
it, to want Sherlock—to tie him up, to blindfold him, to fuck him however he likes or to bolt his wrists and ankles to a spreader bar on someone else's floor, to let him—to let them—to do whatever Sherlock fucking wanted to if only bound in the dark if only Sherlock would just—would just sodding put his—his
"If you can call it that," he says. "He still—gets me off, doesn't he. He still—puts. Puts himself. All over me."
, where he had flung his arms out between John and the doorway, as though he'd been trying to shield it from view.
Sherlock breathes. Nods. Breathes.
Sherlock lets out a breath, shoulders sinking.
"It's pouring down rain," John says, from where he is trying to straighten out his back with the floor.
"I—all right," John says, after a moment. "All right, yeah, I." Breathing in, around the rising-hot—pushing it.
, silent. John swallows. Slides his hand. Tugging: come close. Sherlock scoots back: millimeter, centimeter. John kisses the bare back of his arm: hot.
John leans down against him. Sherlock's skin warm on his cheek.
, and I hope that you have read and continue to read with discretion. My full warning policy is, as always, in my
been what Sherlock'd zeroed in on. Brian had cheated on his husband with a medical student, Sherlock had informed everyone listening: voice cutting, all teeth; while John'd been standing off to the side looking studiously at a bedraggled weed doing its best to make for sunlight through a crack in the pavement, feeling hot, and miserable, and ashamed.
Sherlock says, "I wasn't tossed out"; and then, "Have you ever even had a cigarette?"
"Oh, not entirely, I don't think." John settles down, a bit, against Sherlock's bare side. "I'd rather not run into the wardrobe over and over once we've found it, but you know that I love a good flail in the dark, under the right circumstances." Sinking against him: contact. Weight.
Knelt across the foot of the bed smoothing the far side of the duvet against the wall Sherlock flushes, darting a look back at him; and John would modify—correct—backtrack, except that Sherlock's mouth is half curled up on the right and he looks pink—torn—pleased.
Sherlock rubs his palms across John's arse. The sweat-damp base of his back. "It's." Sherlock swallows, and John lifts his face, just enough that Sherlock comes into focus when he says, "
, which'd been true, which'd always made it worse.
"Why, aren't they sexy?" John asks, stepping out of his boxers and leaving them on the floor, while Sherlock, twisting to look up at him, rolls his eyes.
tell me you've got it in private browsing, I don't want that following me all ov—here, click over to XTube."
on this fic to cover  discussions in comments; I've already updated the author's notes at the beginning of the story, but am also including this note here for those of you who are reading a chapter at a time. Thanks!
, Sherlock,
Sherlock touches John's throat, once. It aches.
John pushes himself up, in amid the mess of pillows, and then twists to start stacking them back up. "The box, I mean." John laughs. "I have no opinion on the age of your sex toys."
Sherlock clears his throat. Takes a step or two. "Well," he says, after a moment, "I think you'd better remind me how many you're due," and then lays the cane flat across the meat of John's arse, a narrow cool line pressed into his skin, connecting his body to Sherlock's body up through Sherlock's long arm.
. Waits 'til he can feel his blood condensed back inside the fragile walls of his veins and breathes deep, breathes deep. Says, "Or finding me warmed up for you," at last. "If you wanted"; and Sherlock turns his head, lips parted: dragging his steepled thumb across tip of his tongue. John inhales. Squeezes.
, for
Sherlock is still in the shower. They'd left his towel draped across the puddles on the bathroom floor, John realizes: it feels like years ago, but without it Sherlock won't be able to dry off. He sighs and sets Sherlock's clothes on the chair in his bedroom, then goes back down to the kitchen to grab the towel—covered printed with faded pink and purple flowers—that they'd borrowed from Mrs. Hudson when they'd wound up cohabiting with an odiferous basset hound one rainy weekend in April while working out who'd kidnapped his elderly owner, and never given back. It'll have to do. Upstairs, he knocks his knuckles on the bathroom door, calling, "Sherlock, I'm leaving a dry towel just by the door"; waits a beat, until Sherlock calls back, "Thank you," sounding—drawn, Christ: John forces himself to breathe, breathe, breathe. It's fine. It'll be fine. He goes back into his room. He wipes up the spilt lube with a vest from his dirty washing and then gathers up everything but the duvet, bundles it all up into the tissue paper at the top of the carrier bag, and stuffs the bag next to his laundry basket in the wardrobe, and then closes the wardrobe door. The shower is still running. He wishes he could open a window, but the rain is still battering on the glass.
Sherlock swallows. Kisses the palm of John's left hand. "All right," Sherlock says. Muffled. Hot.
"Well," Sherlock says, "the other half of that particular social experiment was made up of Sebastian and Julia, so."
"Yeah," John says, quiet. Sherlock breathing slow and wet, pressing his nose against John's overheated prickling throat. "All right," John says. "Shh, it's all right, we'll sort it out." Nonsense, really: "We're just—having fun, yeah? We're all right."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says. It sounds like it's being ripped out of him.
John hesitates. "Bromley." He pushes open the heavy ground floor doors.
"Good at that, though," says Paige. "I'm not certain how they thought they'd fit fourteen in back here."
John exhales, hot. "I—I don't think that's true, Sherlock," he says; and Sherlock falls silent. Unmoving on his bed.
," and Sherlock throws his head back into the duvet, laughing so hard that his shoulders shake John's body, and helpless with longing John kisses his mouth—temple—his long pink throat—and then Sherlock is tucking his mouth back down to meet John's, kissing him, while John squirms all over against him fitting into him, wanting him. Closer. Close.
"Speaking of making plans," Sherlock says.
He is late for work. He doesn't care. He sees a bunch of people who blur together in an endless river of minor ailments about which they are massively too worried and chronic conditions they're unwilling to properly look after; all day, Natalie brings him tea after tea and a diverse series of transparently worried expressions. For lunch he gets her to use his money to buy him a cheese and pickle sandwich which he chokes down, grimly, in seven dry and flavorless minutes; it's enough to get him near to back on schedule, at least, and he sees his last patient—asthma, poor inhaler adherence—out to Natalie just after a quarter past six, and then John shrugs on his jacket and his laptop bag and marches out of the surgery, first to Tesco's, then back to the flat, spine stiff and regimented. Mrs. Hudson had texted him, once, not long before lunch:
over and over while Sherlock claws at John's back, grinding out, "I don't, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I don't know what's
Except that brushing against John's mouth Sherlock's knuckles had felt knobby and ungainly and ungentle; and exhausted from a day he barely remembers John is sitting and staring at a purple eyeliner as he boils, quietly, over. Something not unlike dread is closing itself snake-slow around the root of his throat: John had said,
of age of consent laws is—is to draw a line, and to say, we have decided that children up to this age have to be protected. It's a promise. And whether or not the law was bad, whether or not the law was unfair and homophobic, Jacob was on the other side of that line. That law existed to prevent adults from taking that choice upon themselves, it said, 'This person
"Well?" John says. He crosses his arms over his chest. "Are you going to show me this fabulous thick cock you're going to fuck me with, or—" and Sherlock steps to the side, motions him in, head inclined. His other hand, John notes, white-knuckled on the door, which he closes behind them.
John inhales.
"Arse open," Sherlock says, hushed, "for all the street to get a good look."
Sherlock brushes his teeth in the en suite. Beside his bed John undresses. Shirt off, and jeans; he leaves on his vest and his boxers, hoping; too tired to properly decide if that's right. His shirt and his jeans he folds up and sets on top of the chest of drawers, and when Sherlock sidles out of the en suite John goes in to wash his hands and then tug down his pants to wipe his sticky cock with a wet flannel. Pat it dry. When he looks up at the mirror he looks every minute of forty-three and then some: pouchy and wrinkling, skin yellowing under the fluorescent light. To think he'd thought of them like—like something different. Like children together, in a different time. John splashes some water on his face, and then uses, hopelessly, a sip of Sherlock's mouthwash, and then shoulders prickling rinses away the worst of his tell-tale spearminty edges, spitting four long swishes of water in the sink.
Sherlock takes a breath. "At first everything pointed to Prague so I had to go to Prague," he says. "So I told Mycroft to look after you and I. Went"; and John squeezes his eyes shut tight. Squeezing. Squeezed. Sherlock's arms are already around him: octopus-like, vast and clinging; John halfway hates it, usually. "I'm sorry," Sherlock is saying, "If I'd known I think I would've—"
"And—I've skipped history every day for two weeks," he says, and Sherlock straightens, eyeing him.
"Do you think he broke me, John?" Sherlock asks, very quietly; and John takes a breath.
, and John's hands slam down on the back of the creaking-sticking back of the sofa all-over shivering while panting Sherlock licks his throat.
"You know how you look?" Sherlock's voice is low and hot. "Right now, like this?"
"Yes," Sherlock says, at last.
he can't, he can't—every part of him locks up when he tries to talk about what—what he actually—"
"Is it." Swallowing. "Strange," Sherlock asks, rough, while John strokes over his ribs, half-hypnotized, watching them rise with Sherlock's quickening breath.
"Ah," George says; and something in his tone makes John—furious, flooding hot all over with a kind of sick, helpless rage that he knows, and recognizes, and hates.
is watching him, cold-eyed, was watching him through the window—Holmes, who is closer in age to his pupils than to the other teachers, isolated and alone—a desert-desperate kind of thought; as John's weight is shifting, a hip cocked head tilted: borrowed from another version of himself, almost three decades back. "Did you watch me," John asks, with something monstrous uncoiling-unlashing itself inside his chest, "wrestling with the other boys," claws and tail; as he watches Holmes sitting upright in his chair, lean and insouciant and dangerous, in someone else's spectacles; "did you watch us," John asks, "rolling around in the mud?"
"You missed Nina again at the weekend," Rhoda says, and waggles her eyebrows. "She asked after you."
"It's." John stops, and then takes a bite of his sandwich and then chews and then chews and then swallows. Everything in him feels like—a handful of feathers, in a high wind. Flying out from him. He takes another bite. Chews. Swallows.
that collect about the flat: odd charity shop clothes that Sherlock buys to stab or shoot or set on fire and chemicals that John tries not to think about too closely in the interests of plausible deniability and assorted esoteric hand tools that don't have any place to be tidied away into which get underfoot and drop screws that grind and stick in the hoover. John could hoover. That, he realizes, is something he could do. He could hoover. Or—or he could dust. The flat is probably dusty: it usually is, when he does it, which he doesn't, often. He is sitting at the table where they ate their breakfast at his laptop and he hasn't anything useful to do, really, so he taps at his laptop trackpad to wake it and finds—
"I'm not unhappy," Sherlock whispers. "It doesn't—it doesn't make me unhappy, not—not." Hoarse: "Quite."
in a messy scrawl of Sharpie. "I'd not thought about it at all, we were all so pleased to have you back," Mrs. Hudson says. She pats the back of Sherlock's left hand. The right is presently occupied in stirring a fourth spoonful of sugar into his tea.
"Not enough, is it," Sherlock asks, quiet. With his slick hand.
John doesn't know how to answer.
John lets out his breath. Rests his hand, very gently, atop Sherlock's sticky-damp half-dried dark hair.
"Yeah?" Sherlock says, soft. Soft-eyed. Mouth soft. The cap clicks, behind John's back.
His mouth.
"Yeah," John says. "I mean, back when—back at uni." Chest and stomach tight with anxiety.
"Christ, you could." John rubs at his own face, heart pounding; then reaches up. Tipping Sherlock's lovely face up with Sherlock's fingers curling up inside him: that sizzle of want, skittering out through every last one of his nerves. Sherlock's banked-fire green eyes. John says unsteady, "I think you could make me, again. I don't think I could stop you even if I wanted to." Then—helpless—moans: spine arching as Sherlock—Christ,
Sherlock, careful, rests his chopsticks against the edge of his bowl.
Flushed pink, still.
Petting. Sherlock turns his face up, soft-eyed, and they kiss.
John shifts, face scraping cotton. Lower Sherlock is saying "yes I was asleep it's not even half six what do you want." Not, John thinks, a question. Hand out: skin. A thigh, found: John pats it, and Sherlock folds his hand over John's, warm, closing: still. Held still while he is whispering
. That long false silence beforehand, etched into John's skin.
"Not home," Sherlock says; and John nods. Hair cotton-scraped.
He stops. John watches his throat work, his bright eyes, the tomato flush on his cheeks and his throat and his chest; John nods. "Better do this first, though," John says, and hands him the cock ring, unbuckled flat.
He gasps. Gasps: laughs, nearly.
"You'll tell me," John says, scraped up.
at him, tearing him open, ripping him apart: because it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. He can't get what he wants and Sherlock is miles and oceans and years from him but if it got Sherlock to lie down with him for half a minute he'd still do it all over again, over and over, 'til he died of it, wouldn't he. Won't he. He will, would, is, and is wanting it, all of it: over and over and over again. And still none of it will fucking matter, in the end.
"I was..." Sherlock pauses. "A bit graceless. At school."
John props himself up on his elbow, and Sherlock brushes his palm down John's chest.
John nods. After a moment, he says, "The 6
"Hmm." Sherlock nuzzles his face into his until John twists: they kiss. "Good, isn't it?"
, of all things! and then she'd gone to Bletchley Park: and when one of the former bright lights of the GCCS lives fifteen minutes from your school and turns up to tell you that her grandson needs
working on, before they'd started—they'd had a terrific row about it, back in—in May. Christ. May? Christ. He'd been sawing it out eight measures at a time for the better part of a month; but John hasn't heard it in weeks. His own fingers, he finds, have drifted up: pressed to ache in his chest. He's mixed up all over, the damp-electric memory of Sherlock's mouth on his forehead, his cock half-hard in his jeans. Sherlock isn't looking at him, at least. John forces his hand down and steps back and heads back up the stairs to his still-damp bathroom, to floss his teeth.
but John had wanted to and then Sherlock had slapped John 'cross the face. Now in the kitchen Sherlock slithers his tongue into John's ear. "Upstairs," John gasps, prickling all over. "Please—let's go—upstairs"; and Sherlock pulls back away from him, looking down.
He stops. Throat tight, heart pounding all over, Sherlock clinging to him with his arms and his legs and the wet-rubbedsoft spaces of his body: "I'd kiss you," John says, unsteady, "and then—what would you want?"; and arched up under him panting pressing forehead to forehead Sherlock under him grinds out, "I'd want you to kiss me until I could barely breathe," and then shivers as John kisses him, clenching all over: "And then," Sherlock says, voice rough, "I'd want you to turn it on."
John licks his lips. "A nice thought," he says, very carefully. Weary: that's it. He says, "But—rather more theoretical than some things, at the moment, yeah?"
"Tell me," he whispers. Sliding his loose hand around him, careful and light.
—John arches. "
. He wants to gather Sherlock up, carry him to bed, toss him onto clean sheets and roll about and kiss him and kiss him and kiss him: it isn't a coincidence, John doesn't think.
"Come on, Sherlock," John says, exasperated. "Haven't you ever—"
"One." John swallows. "Sir"; and Holmes brings the cane down again. "Two, sir," John says, unsteadily, as his skin throbs with two hot crossed lines; and Holmes says, "Very good"; and John bites down on his bottom lip. Hot all over. His cock is so hard it hurts: Holmes lifts the cane.
he asks.
In silence Sherlock takes it. John is exceptionally aware of Sherlock's breathing. Not strained, precisely, but—heavy. Even as though he is timing them, counting: in one two three four five, out one two three four five, in one two three four five. He is gathering the stocking carefully, loosely, in his fingers. Not twisting, John thinks. Seam straight. "Point your foot," Sherlock says, quiet; and John points his foot. Sherlock puts the stocking over his toes, gathering at the arch. Slides it up, soft and silky and very, very slow. John's thighs and back and arms are prickling, shivery; hands clenching in the duvet. He can't get hard again, probably, but his body's certainly giving it a go. Sherlock does up the suspenders: careful at his work, one strap at a time. Then he shuffles closer between John's bared thighs and bends to brush his mouth against John's cock, not even half-hard and prickling, hyperalert; and John takes a breath; and Sherlock exhales, and then buries his face in John's lap.
He scrubs a fist over his face, burning and wet, and then drops his head down until the edge of the sink digs into his forehead, a hard sharp line. It digs into his skin like his nails in his palms and his feet on the lino and an unclosed fist on his face until—until—the hard wet cold edge of the sink, pressing electric purple-green light into blackness.
. Back outside Village John had stripped off his own shirt and tossed it balled-up into the skip out the back before dragging Cal up to the door in just his vest and best jeans, letting the bouncer run his eyes across over Cal's bespoke shirt with the sleeves casually rolled to his elbows and John's bared shoulders, the rough starburst edges of his scar; and then let them in. Cal'd been laughing, easily towed; clearly thinking it wasn't anything but impulse and wine and possibly a punchline about midlife crises, all the way until John had him out on the dance floor crammed together and sweating hard between bodies mouths whiskey-sharp and messy, with his hand down Cal's pants. Whatever particular bouncerish criteria had been satisfied by Cal's soft swooping £100 quiff beside John's hard arms and hard eyes and flat, hard mouth hadn't given them any bother either, out there: John had still been burning, scorched and curling at his edges, eyes lighting on every bad university decision any of them'd ever made in the form of a pink-flushed brown-haired boy with huge eyes, all pupils: pulled up easily mouth lush with John's two fingers in his pocket to press hot-close against both their sides. Wet-mouthed sharp-toothed while John was thumbing over Cal's cock hand curled tight around him open flies shoved-down elastic prick bared to show him off, the boy had plastered himself up against John's side with one slim flat hand rubbing John's belly and Cal had shoved his cock up into John's fist, the tight-writhing grind of their hips; the boy's panting mouth to Cal's mouth to the side of John's mouth half-deafened by the bass and near blind with bright lights while Michael and fucking Brian had returned to some exquisitely tasteful row house in Notting Hill with empty hooks for rucksacks and mudprints from the kids' wellies on the parquet in the entry and an Audi A4 parked outside where they would screw, politely, with the lights off, in their carefully coordinated Egyptian cotton sheets while John—blood hot-sluggish and thick in his fingers, his wrists—jerked Cal off for a twenty-year-old stranger on ecstasy as the boy worked himself off against John's arse through his jeans. And now. And now:
and Sherlock gasps, "Oh—yes—" and pinches it rubs it rolls it in between his fingers while suddenly 200 kph desperate John shudders and screws himself back, Sherlock's cock squelching wet and thick between his thighs and John thinks—he wonders—
: as John drags on his jeans and his brown shirt over his prickling-waving skin with his mouth dry and his eyeballs hot and gritty; just sod the entire miserable bloody thing!
Between them bare inches. Their hands; the black hole of the bed. Sherlock wouldn't've said it in his own room, John realizes, all of a sudden. Not a word. He wouldn't've been able to, downstairs. A strange kind of safety, John is thinking: his brave new world. If that's it John will give it to him, anything he needs: freedom to—to not know, to be—
"I don't know," he says, "it doesn't matter, I—I want—so much from him, for him to—to to
"Oh?" she says, "I see"; then adds, inevitably, "Who's the lucky girl?"
"It was awful," John agrees; and then—gasps, and shuddering:
"Do you want to?" John asks; and Sherlock sighs. Pulling back, he tugs up his knickers, just enough, but then eases himself back down: the weight of his body and John's body. His long heavy arm slung across John's waist.
And—oh. John watches, thinking: a note. A pin. A map-marker, always: Sherlock's beautiful red face.
He stops. Shakes his head.
"And hot sauce. I don't do it
In the silence John is acutely aware of his breathing. He hadn't meant—but he had. but he did. He meant and will mean and is meaning (mad, really—ridiculous—absurd, his cracked-open face—cracked-open chest (time, just but) give him
John looks up.
: Christ, how long has he been—
, sometimes John wants to punch him right in that taut, flat, pink mouth. "I wouldn't've followed you, if you'd told me not to," John says, very low, "but you didn't. You didn't tell me anything"; and Sherlock's mouth bunches up for an instant: prissy, displeased; then—then it pulls, down and out, as his eyes are shifting—reshaping where they are fixed on John's face—John's chin—John's throat and John's chest and, and, and—
"No, I've been rotten, actually." Chin hooked over his shoulder wrapped around him close and tight, "Violently—" kissing— "impure—" and kissing— "thoughts."
Sherlock sighs, long and slow, and then rolls away onto his back.
"I wanted—you and Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock says, quiet. "I asked him to... look in, I."
"Yeah." Sherlock inhales, deep. Lifting up. "I want first shower," he mumbles, red-faced, and then he peels himself back, sits up, not looking when John nods. Sherlock rubs at his own face, turned down. John watches him, helpless: Sherlock is hunched over; his erection is jutting out, flushed nearly purple,
John breathes. His arms and shoulders are tightening, prickling all over in bare air, but between his thighs with the duvet draped over him Sherlock radiates heat: his warm hand cupping around John's left knee with his mouth wet and lips tender and the duvet slid down to his shoulders while, naked and helpless, John strokes at all he can reach of his shoulders and hair. Sherlock is impossibly gentle. Slick and suckling, over and over, Sherlock licks and nuzzles and laps. Behind John's knee he rubs his thumb in circles that wind all the threads of John's body up tight, tangling them up so close together that John can feel his own face flushing darker and darker as between his thighs Sherlock gets redder and redder, his mouth soft-shivery and lush with his big angular blood-warm body folded and taut, shifting under the duvet, not-quite-squirming into the mattress while his slow-careful warm mouth cradles John's half-hard cock. John is saturated with him, his body soaked soft with a foggy, ungraspable pleasure, felt most sharply in his wrists and his toes until at last Sherlock pulls off, and, panting, presses his burning face to John's thigh.
"I didn't," Sherlock says, unsteady, "I didn't say, I didn't say you had—I didn't say you had to stop," but John is wrapped all around him, holding him all over and he felt it like a lightning bolt, didn't he: Sherlock's body locking tight with that sudden surge of terror, or shame, or misery; the tight-clinging clench of his fingers knotted up on themselves on John's wrist which had—released, and then slammed just over John's forearm to dig into Sherlock's own thigh. Swallowing rabbit-fast pants. Hiding away.
Sherlock says, "Tell me what color your face is and I'll stop"; and John swallows. Skin prickled up. Sherlock's palm-print sinking downdowndown through blood muscle bone and "Or," John manages, gasped; and then squeezes his eyes shut tight, shuddering, and presses his forehead to the back of his palm as behind him Sherlock murmurs, "Or tell me all the reasons why I shouldn't stop"; and John groans. Nearly laughs. Doesn't. Manages, "Face down on your bed," instead; and Sherlock gives him a little slap, barely anything, so John blurts out, "Shouldn't be thinking about you bending me up against the door and buggering me 'til Mrs. Hudson comes up to ask us if we could
"I might be," says Sherlock, very quietly.
"Oh," the girl says, staring down at him. "Did you want more water?"
"But," John says, sharp-pricked all over, agonized, "
"I suppose it's only fair," Sherlock agrees, wiping at the mark. "Since you've lent me that hit on your wrist." Doesn't seem much bothered about it, does he.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says, low and frank, "that must've been awful"; shocked. Which.
"Do you want to get into bed with me?" John asks, and Sherlock says, "Yes."
The car. Traffic: he straightens in his seat to look out the window, and recognizes—nothing. Nothing. "Where are you taking me," John asks, finally.
"I know, shh," Sherlock whispers, "I'm not going to," and he presses his mouth close to his hand fucking—fucking John open, prying him open with John's fist tight on him—holding him—
—breathe.
Sherlock shaved last night, didn't he. His mouth is already starting-rough at the edges, warm and sweet and inimitable. Sometimes his eyes slip half-open green and yellow while they kiss. All the hot's still down by their feet, not at all mixed in, and the bathroom floor's half a lake and John's arse has fallen asleep against the porcelain and
Memory, he thinks, is an inaccurate map. What
"Dishtowel," Sherlock decides, and pushes up to his feet.
"Hours," John echoes; and moaning Sherlock presses his fingertips against his prick hard inside him—
And oh. Sherlock's gasping, hitching breath; and near to him John's skin, under Sherlock's big hand. All his—armor, and scales and things, settling; as Sherlock pants and squirms under John mouthing him through his bra. Just like that.
it: John hears it bounce on the floor and rolls away to a stop somewhere under the bedframe, Sherlock shuddering crying out: his lovely flushed shoulders collapsing around a long, anguished, desperate moan.
"John," Sherlock breathes.
John nods. Sherlock's whole fair body—John pushes up onto his toes, reaching up over Sherlock's shoulder for the soap. A pure-white bar of something that smells faintly of lemons and feels silky on John's fingertips: probably hand-milled by French peasants, or something; probably worth a third of their rent. Not a taste, John thinks, that he picked up in Wolvercote—: and then, furious with himself, he snaps the thought shut all at once. There is soap in his hand, so John rubs it to lather between his palm and the loofah as Sherlock turns 'round, baring to John the long hill-and-valley dips curves of his pale back.
A strange feeling, John finds.
Awkward, to carry this kind of dread; when knowing what will be coming can't lead to knowing what one ought to say, whether he ought to—lie, or—dodge, or just—just swallow the hard-fearful lump in his throat of loss and shame and regret and say, "Yeah." And say, "Nat."
—and Sherlock lifts his head, hair electrified and ridiculous, with his lovely red face growing redder as he says, "I, that is, er," and John puts his palm on his cheek, and Sherlock falls quiet.
John swallows.
," swallowing, "had an older boyfriend when he was preparing for his A-Levels, someone who—who cared about him. Even if it was illegal. Unethical." He takes a breath. Lets it out. "And I
"Yeah." Sherlock has to duck to get his head under the spray, then grins down at him, fringe dripping, a little sheepish; and John has to stop looking at him so he turns to the jumble of bottles on the ledge instead, hunting down the shampoo.
. John shivers, electric. He is at home but feels not at home but feels—
"What?"
"The Irregulars?" John frowns, thinking. "What's in Clapham?"
"Really?" John asks, oddly charmed. "Your gran?"
Quietly, Sherlock says, "Yes."
John nods. Sensible, really. "Did you wear white trainers?" he asks, and Sherlock laughs. Wriggles closer.
a seven, a one to—" and John twists to laugh into his own shoulder while, disgruntled, Sherlock says, "you're a bastard, you know that, don't you."
John rubs his four fingers up the seam at his knee and exhales: "Yeah."
"He worked for her," John says. "After Cambridge, he said."
"Yeah," John says. Notebook. Pen. "Toast it is"; and Sherlock nods. John nods at him. Observes, "You could take off your coat, you know"; and then watches until Sherlock has started to fumble his way out of it before going back into the kitchen.
place to have an excruciating accidental double date.
amber between blue with his hands slid into the gap at the bottom of Sherlock's shirt into his unbuttoned trousers and his mouth on his mouth John wants wants him unbuttoned, laid bare: fumbling the buttons free up from the bottom with Sherlock's coat shadowing (amber-blue) around him Sherlock's arms tight around him Sherlock's hand on his fucking
"With your hand down your pajamas," Sherlock observes.
"I'm not—entirely clear," John admits. "What people mean, when they say that." He swallows. Swallows. "I thought I did," he explains: the tide in his throat. Sherlock drags his gaze up. Meets John's eyes. "I said I did," John says. If he were standing—. He shifts: spine straight. Shoulders. He says, "But I was still screwing around with something like fifteen percent of Shoreditch, so—"; and looking down from above him Sherlock makes a face. Rolling his eyes.
It still takes him another minute to decide. John keeps his hands on him. Careful: his mouth on his temple. Rubbing, very gently, at his scalp. When Sherlock's spine slackens enough John inhales; when Sherlock pulls out it aches. "All right," John says, quiet. His hip creaks, cracks, as he stretches his legs out: better. The overrubbed feel of his body; nothing for it. "Come here," he says instead, and Sherlock goes: lying down half on top of-beside him, heart pounding and hot. John presses his face to Sherlock's burning red face. Arms tight around his crabbed knotted back.
it: the warm solid way he—he would feel, if John could just—if he could just—
John kneels up and closer. Tugs the band of Sherlock's right stocking up, up: Sherlock's thighs, falling open; Christ he's red. Eyes still closed with his arm tucked under his head like the picture of ease, almost, with his heart throbbing double-time in the creamy soft crease of his thigh: John wants it under his mouth. Instead he picks up the solid navy necktie that Sherlock had slipped into his closet without saying anything five years ago while he pets Sherlock's knee up, just enough that he can tie the navy, clumsy and lopsided, just over the band of the stocking where it wants to keep slipping. Not tight.
—" and John pulls just apart from him, cringing and loathsome, rubbing at the hot planes of his face.
John swallows. Under his clothes that prickle of sweat and arousal is cooling, leaving him just feeling sticky, and shivery, and ashamed. Sherlock is tensed up all over with his hand painfully hard on John's wrist and John's limp cock is still tucked into the curve of Sherlock's fingers, both of them clammy with that barely-managed welling of semen: Christ, this awful, awful night.
he thinking? What
Sherlock makes a noise, half-groan, breathless, and John swallows, pushing—down and it feels—
Sherlock glares up at him. It loses some of its heat, with the apple-red flush all over his cheeks and his chest. John feels Sherlock like a fishhook in his organs, tugging
He gets down the colander and sets it in the sink. When he goes for the parsley, Sherlock says, suddenly, "I forgot—thyme."
"If he's avoiding CCTV," John says, instead.
"Mm." Nodding. "And you were a sickly child," mouth to mouth, "were you." Warm all over. The glass cold on his back.
"Your uniform would be traditional," Sherlock says, mouth tugging up; and John bends down to grab the knickers, snapping them at Sherlock as he laughs, hand wrapping around to catch them just before they'd smack into his face.
Sherlock is already sliding his cock out of John's body leaving him hollow and swollen, sore with wanting; and so John knees up the mattress clumsily, Sherlock's steadying hands on his hips. When his knees have got up near Sherlock's shoulders Sherlock moves his arms down between John's splayed shaking thighs and then reaches up and coaxes him down with his fingers wrapped back around John's sides to pet at John's belly and so John eases down and then Sherlock leans up to lap at him—
"I know." John swallows. "But."
After a second, John says, "Yeah."
, not exactly erotic but good and strange and shockingly, almost painfully intimate: it makes John a little lightheaded. Sherlock is tenderly tightening the strap: "Tell me," Sherlock says, "it oughtn't be too tight"; and John says, "I—that's. Fine."
it, you're just—"
, it'd've been. At seventeen. At seventeen John would've looked past Sherlock's skinny narrow shoulder at the bad news sat up in Mrs. Holmes's living room past all the—scarves, or—Indian throws, or—and then John would mumbled,
," sounding really quite offended, and then pushes John back into the pillows to stretch out against him, warm and bare and close.
: all John can want is to be wrong; and he isn't.
, as Sherlock's big hands flatten on the sides of John's face and hold him still—
"Mm." Sherlock sighs. So close: fuzzing pale lashes, half shut. "What if I said I wanted to clean your bathroom?" he asks; and John pulls back enough to look at his face.
