"Now your calves, let them relax. Loosen the muscles there and feel them lose all stiffness you've built up during the day. And do the same with your knees, and your thighs. Let them just melt and relax," John breathed, watching as Sherlock actually seemed to be relaxing. "Good. Let your hips fall back and relax. They don't have to carry anything right now. They don't have to move. Just relax. Let your stomach loosen, release all the tension that's built up. And let your chest, as it rises and falls with each breath, breathe out all of the negative energy. Release every bit of tension and strain, every bit of negativity out of your body. Let your shoulders slump and relax. Now your neck.... Good. Doesn't that feel better? Now finally, let your head just relax. Every bit of it, all the way to the crown. Let it just loosen and relax."
They both waved goodbye once more and then John left and found his way up onto the street. He walked the rest of the way to Baker Street and tried to ignore the empty, gaping feeling in his gut. It didn’t work.
“It really is good to be back. It’s not really the same outside of Baker Street, is it?” Sherlock shook his head. He had been thinking the same thing. Although they may be fine and perfectly functioning outside of the doorstep to 221B they were both the most themselves when they were here. Just the two of them up and away from the rest of the world.
“No, it’s not that, Monday works fine I just have something to do between two and three.” The ‘thing he had to do’ was actually his therapy appointment, but somehow that didn’t seem like a good thing to mention when planning out a first date.
It was one that Sherlock had made for him on his birthday, the year that him and everyone (a few of his old army mates, Mrs. Hudson, Mike, Greg, even Harry) had gone down to have dinner at a Chinese place in Soho. It was amazing actually and he let the pleasant memories of that evening wash over him. Everyone had gotten along perfectly. Talking, cracking jokes, reminiscing. Harry had even stayed away from the alcohol all night.
“Yeah. Me too. He was a good man, you know? Or, had the potential to be, at least.”
“I almost thought you weren’t going to show.” She looked bashful and a bit pink in the cheeks from embarrassment. John felt like such an arse.
After he had thoroughly washed himself and no longer smelt like stale alcohol he scrubbed himself dry with a towel and wrapped the piece of fabric around his quickly slimming waist before heading up to his room to get dressed for the day.
John thinks about arguing; denying any possibility that he had a chance with Sherlock but when he looks down and see’s the tired smile, deep laugh lines and hopeful eyes staring back at him he doesn’t have the heart. He can’t
“Have you thought about moving out of Baker Street?” The mood between them is making both of them unusually direct and John needs another beer because of it.
John looked over at the closed bedroom door and felt his hand itch to open it. He stopped himself. He didn’t deserve to go take refuge in Sherlock’s bedroom. Not after treating his memory like some kind of sexual fantasy. He gathered all the will power he could muster and straightened his spine in an unconscious soldiers rest and turned sharply away, marching stiffly up to his bedroom.
Before the army he had been in excellent physical shape. He had played rugby all throughout his school years and somehow managed to keep up a decent workout schedule while hectically finding his way through med school. He had always had good muscle on him and during his stint in the army his body was at it’s prime. Everyday they ran drills or did training his body would be pushed to the limit and it most definitely showed. After he was discharged he had started getting a little weaker, recovering from a bullet wound will do that to you, and after he’d moved in with Sherlock he’d gained back some of the lost muscle from running around London and taking down the baddies. Sure, he may have had a few extra pounds of softness around his belly from a more relaxed work out schedule and a bit too much takeaway but he had looked good. Healthy. Now he just looked drained. His whole body was slouching and the softness of his belly was gone completely. He looked skinnier than he could ever remember being. The skinny that came from too many forgotten meals and too much remembered pain. He couldn’t remember a time he found his physical looks to be more disappointing. Maybe he should consider going back to the gym.
A pause. Sherlock’s arms around him, pulling him close. Their bodies are now completely pressed together. John can feel everything. He’s just realized they must both be naked because he can feel Sherlocks skin all over his own. It feels amazing. Sherlock’s body feels like it was made to be against his own. It’s hot and solid and John wants to taste it.
“I’m sorry I worried you,” he offers, voice full of contriteness. “I- well, it’s been… difficult. I’ve never been the best at these things.”
“Oh, that bastard.” John growls. All in the span of a few seconds John has darted across the room, grabbed his phone and is viciously dialing a number. It barely rings once before the person on the other end picks up.
As he went about the flat doing last minute tidying that he had missed the first time around he decided he would pay Mrs. Hudson a visit tomorrow.
“Three minutes Sherlock, might want to get started on the next hand now. That looked preeeetty unpleasant and I’m sure you’d hate for Mr. Detective Inspector over here to have to take your place.”
His first thought was that Sherlock must have broken something while doing one of his experiments but that thought was instantly followed up by an achingly painful twinge in his chest.
“It’s fine. More than fine really. I’m glad you felt you could talk to me. I, well, I would really like to talk more. Hearing about your detective friend was interesting and my brother will be positively thrilled when I tell him I went on a date with
She’d seemed to have a personal vendetta against the younger man that night and apparently made it her mission to make the dinner as uncomfortable as possible.
“You and me both, mate.” They share a smile and out of nowhere Sherlock feels an uncontrollable wave of affection burst through him at the sight of this lovely, fierce, caring man so determined to show Sherlock kindess. He loves John Watson so much in this moment it is like a tangible
Fear?
“How reassuring,” he drawled in the most sarcastic tone he could muster. As if Anderson and Donovan were competent enough to so much as
“She? You’re dating a
“I’m so sorry, Sarah. I- well I…” He hesitates for a split second. He can't say he’s hung over. That would be incredibly bad for many reasons. One of which being that Sarah knew of the addiction in his family, not only Harry’s but his fathers and mothers as well. He had shared his family life with her when they were dating not really thinking of the ramifications it could have on his job. He should have. Sarah knew of his family’s addictive tendencies and she also knew as a doctor how addiction like that could be hereditary. If he shared the real reason he wasn’t in to work today she would immediately suspect alcoholism and there would go his stable job prospect. Nobody wanted to hire a veteran with PTSD and an alcohol addiction. Sarah may not care about the former but John has no illusions over how she’d feel about the latter.
“Hi.” Her voice is soft and almost gets swallowed up by the wind. John forges ahead and unlocks the door, holding it open as Mindy steps in after him and he follows her up the stairs. Once they get in to 221B and it’s just the two of them. John starts to feel nervous. He’s never fucked up with somebody in such an insulting and well… creepy way. He doesn't even know where to begin his apology.
Sherlock had no clue what to say about that, but John was clearly trying very hard to make an effort (this talking stuff is not easy for him after all) and so he had to make an effort back as well.
The only reason he had even been able to take a cab the last time was because his brain had been so focused on how late he was to meet Mindy that he hadn’t the time to ponder about time lost.
Sherlock clenched his jaw tight and decided to just power through it. He was going to have to do it no matter what, so he might as well just get it over with. Deciding on what seemed like an innocent enough place he brought the torch down onto his bicep. While he had been cutting himself he hadn’t made a sound, he kept his eyes wide open and trained on his task almost calmly, that’s not what was happening right now. He could feel his skin burning and bubbling under the intense heat. His eyes weren’t shut but they were squinted in pain and every half a minute or so he would let out a groan or a gasp. After his right bicep had had enough he moved onto his left and repeated the process. By the time Moriarty told him his five minutes were up he had burn marks and blisters all along the tops of his arms and shoulders. Even though the torch wasn’t there anymore the burning feeling along his arms only seemed to intensify as more time passed. He was suddenly strangely grateful for the gag, he didn’t want to cause the others any more distress than they were already going through and the wadded up fabric did an excellent job of muffling his groaning.
“What?” he asked not even knowing what to say. He was still a bit too fuzzy in the head from the sedative to follow the odd change in conversation. He knew Lestrade was hardly a genius but surely even he couldn’t be stupid enough to think anything that happened was because of him. Moriarty did that to get at Sherlock, because he has an obsession with
“Sherlock? Hey, Sherlock? How are you feeling?” Sherlock snapped back to attention and took his eyes off his blood soaked hands to look straight at John. John was looking at him intensely no doubt checking his pupil dilation and pulse for any abnormalities.
First step, he decided, was a shower. He reeked of hangover and though he hadn’t seen himself yet he knew he must look like crap. So, shower it is. Then he could get some cleaning done. He left the washer to do it’s thing and started for the shower. He turned the water on, making it a tad cooler than he normally would as his skin was feeling more tender than usual due to the hangover (and the orgasm though he is
“When Sherlock and I first started working together… He was a mess. Way worse than he ever was while you two were… together.” He trails off awkwardly, looking at John carefully, waiting for him to deny or correct his assumption. John doesn’t do either.
“What are you doing, John?” He had been expecting angry accusations, passive aggressive comments, an immediate pink slip. He hadn’t been expecting the desperate, tired question. He had no idea what to say to that.
John was sitting beside the bed reading one of those dull crime books he, for some unfathomable reason, enjoys reading and Sherlock decided that spoiling all the plot twists and the ending he had deduced from reading the back cover and the first few pages was the best use of his time. He could tell John was getting just as irritated with the hospital as he was, and he finally gave up and agreed that they should message Mycroft and have Sherlock taken out of hospital care early.
“I can’t hold that one against you. ‘John Watson’ isn’t exactly uncommon, is it?” They spend a moment just smiling softly at each other, letting the air clear now that the hard part is over.
“It’s not. It wouldn’t be any easier anywhere else though. I love London and I wouldn’t be able to afford any other flat in the middle of the city, not on what the clinic pays me. I just… I just miss him Greg.” Greg nodded into his drink.
“John, why don’t you just sit down. There are still ten minutes left in the session and I think it’s important to go over this new breakthrough together—“
As soon as he noticed her hidden anxiousness he felt a stab of guilt shoot through his stomach. There was no way he could outright reject her.
It’s a rather extravagant bouquet of red roses followed along with a slim card with elegant scrawl across it. A pretty nurse named Louise brings it in with her bright pink lips pulled into a repulsively genuine smile.
“Well, yes. I know you
“No!” Sherlock reacted without thinking, already missing the warmth of John’s hand. “You don't have to… I well. You can put your hand back. It’s… nice.”
“I… I don’t know what to say to that,” he answered honestly. “I don’t see how giving your enemy a fellatio could be construed as brave.” There. He said it. He finally mentioned the elephant in the room that they’ve been dancing around. Small ticks of anger were reappearing in John’s demeanor. Sherlock hoped it was anger at Moriarty and not him.
“Oh dear… Well, no wonder. Only a few months you said?” She sounds quietly horrified and John feels touched that she actually seems to care.
“No. It-it wasn’t all you. He made you do that.”
“I know none of it was true, John. We all do. All of us that knew him –
“Yes,” he agreed, still somewhat reluctant to see it this way. “He did but-“
Would one date really hurt? It would give him both some human contact and an excuse to get out of the flat, and God knows he could desperately use both of those things.
All at once the thoughts come shooting back to him. His own mind is under enemy fire, but there’s nothing he can do because he
“Yes, I think you do. You just don’t want to admit it.” She waited for him to add something but when he didn’t she just continued on. John wished she hadn’t. “You have a tendency to sabotage good things that are happening to you before they have a chance to go bad themselves.”
For any of you who might be triggered by things of this nature, there is a part in this chapter where a character refers to an old case involving the sexual abuse of a child. However, it's not graphic and is only mentioned briefly.
“Hey… Is everything alright?” He looked back up and took his head out of his arse to find Mindy staring at him, her large doe-like eyes filled with concern.
Either way Sherlock knew he could only lay there and brood for so long. Whether he wanted to or not he would eventually need to open his eyes and face the situation head-on. Best to rip it off like a plaster. Get it over and done with.
Her voice has taken on a softer tone and John feels a rush of gratitude for this woman. When things hadn’t worked out with them romantically, John had feared the awkwardness of their failed relationship would seep into their work relationship as well, but his fear had quickly proven to be groundless. Sarah and him still maintained a friendly relationship and she had always been nothing short of professional with him.
“Really? Weren’t you the one that started letting him in on cases in the first place?”
“Sorry?” Not-Sherlock asked. John shook his head and felt his left hand clench. What was he doing?
“Jesus. How is he?” Sherlock was baffled yet again as to why he was asking John that when he could have just asked Sherlock directly but he supposed he was a little too out of it to give himself a proper diagnosis.
“John?”
“Well, enough of this.” Mrs. Hudson proclaims in her sternest (though still gentle) tone. “Have another cuppa and tell me about this new
“Prob’ly a good idea...” he may have argued more under different circumstances but he suddenly felt unbearably exhausted and for once didn’t mind letting Lestrade and John take control of the walking. Slowly and carefully the three men shuffled towards the doors that Anderson and Donovan were already holding open for them and walked out into the fresh air. It felt great to get away from the stale sex-tinged air of the warehouse. Sherlock felt himself begin to shiver as the cool air dried his sweaty skin. Donovan was holding his shirt and jacket and he was tempted to put it on but he knew it would hurt badly on top of his burns. John felt him begin to shake and ran a hand along his back trying to add some friction heat. They had only to wait a few more moments before the sound of sirens filled the air and the ambulance was coming down the road. Everything happened incredibly fast, or maybe Sherlock was just more out of it than he thought, but it barely took three minutes for him too be laid on a gurney (much to his displeasure) and transported into the back of the ambulance with John sitting beside him. He wasn’t sure where Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson were but they must have still been outside explaining the situation to the paramedics and police.
John had decided to invite her out to dinner with him and had managed to convince Sherlock to come as well. It was hard enough to get the haughty detective to agree to eat, much less to eat while meeting a new person but somehow John had managed. John had expected Sherlock to be his usual unbearable self throughout the night though surprisingly he’d put on his best behavior. John felt a smile form on his face as he remembered how Sherlock had actually complimented Harry’s outfit upon first greeting.
“What? What the hell are you on about now?” Sherlock sighs. It’s so like John to do this. To put aside his own feelings to spare Sherlock’s but he can’t let him keep doing that. He needs to be selfless and help John for once.
“He was the most accident prone bloke, as well. Not clumsy, don’t get me wrong, he was bloody graceful enough he just didn’t care to avoid things you know? If he was doing some kind of mad experiment with an open flame you can guarantee I would be applying burn cream on him later. If we were chasing a bloke through London and he climbed over a fence there’s no way he wouldn’t walk away with a pile of cuts. I must’ve went through hundreds of quid worth of plasters while I lived with him.”
His breath was coming heavy and he felt like he was going to be ill.
John was woken up by a sharp crash. The sound felt ear-splittingly loud to him as he slowly open his eyes and roused himself from his whiskey-induced sleep.
“Unpleasant? Of course it was unpleasant, unpleasant for all of us too watch but unpleasant for you most of all. And something I couldn’t get past?” John sounded utterly incredulous. “Sherlock let’s get this straight. Moriarty assaulted you. It was non-consensual. Bottom line. Shh, I don’t care what you have to say about that. I was there and I know you were not a willing party,” he cut the detective off before he could say otherwise. “Moriarty was the one that kidnapped all of us. He was the one who orchestrated the whole thing and trained snipers on us. We can agree on that, yeah?” Sherlock nodded slowly.
John let out another loud, strained sigh and ran his hands through his disheveled blond hair. He was beautiful. Even sitting in a hospital room looking tired and sad and irritated John Watson looked like a work of art. He should get away from Sherlock fast. If he wasn’t careful Sherlock would ruin him and Sherlock would never forgive himself if he were the one to break John Watson for good.
It smells delicious.
Thank you and I hope to get back to you very soon with a far better story then I originally set out with.
He could do this. He had a date, with a gorgeous sweet girl and he was excited about it.
With that thought, he felt himself sober up enough that he managed to walk from Baker Street to the underground without stumbling again. The tube ride felt long, although it really wasn’t anymore than fifteen minutes. John passed the time by looking at the other passengers. There was a group of young looking mothers, all gossiping and sharing baby advice. The introverts that sat in the back and had their eyes glued to their books and phones. There were students sitting in the back blaring their music. There was Sherlock.
“Oh my…” She trails off looking at her own finished ice cream. “How… How did he…” She trails off not quite sure how to ask what she’s asking. Perhaps she doesn't feel it’s appropriate. John almost laughs remembering how Sherlock used to approach loved ones of murder victims. If he ever found out you knew someone who had died recently he would interrogate the life out of you regardless of your comfort levels.
“Oh Goodie! I was so hoping you’d make this choice. I think two minutes should be plenty.” Sherlock nodded. His heart was racing and he was so woozy it felt as if his head would float away from his body completely.
“I could have! That’s the whole point. If I had just seen--“
He was startled from his thoughts when a body came into his peripheral view and sat down right next to him. He turned his head to take in the new occupant of the seat and saw a very pretty girl. She had dark brown hair tied into an intricate fishtail braid that blended nicely with her deep olive toned skin. Her eyes were round and bright, filled with a kind of young naivety that John hadn’t had himself in years. Maybe he had never had it.
“Nice to see you awake, Mr. Holmes. I’m Dr. Richards.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” John sighed. “Sherlock and I weren’t together. I- I wanted to be… I think, but it never did happen.” It feels strange to admit out loud. To share with someone else the thoughts that have been brooding in his head for weeks. He doesn’t look at Mrs. Hudson now. He equally expects her to look both shocked and smug and he knows he’d deserve both of those reactions.
He takes five bites and after that he’s not so much eating it as he is playing with it. He tries to take a sixth bite but it doesn’t even make it to his mouth. John drops the fork in defeat before grabbing some plastic wrap to put over the remains of his meager meal.
“I’m so sorry. I—well. I lost track of time.” He figured that saying he fell asleep on his dead best friends bed while he was in a state of extreme ennui because he’d had a row with his therapist may have made a bad impression.
“Look, Mindy. I’m sorry. What happened last time was… horrible. I – I’d had too much to drink, I think,” the admission hurts but it’s
“Oh… John...” She pats John’s hand and gives it a tight squeeze. “I know you boys had something special. He was different with you; softer. That man always did need a bit of softening.” She tuts.
“Hullo, Mindy. I, uh, got your voicemail.”
“Shouldn’t take more than five minutes now.”
, or you’ll need to find another place to work.”
A third of a bottle later and John couldn’t even remember why he had ever been depressed. He couldn’t remember anything at all.
He gazes at the gun still held tightly in his right hand. Slowly he brings it closer, guiding it right between his lips. He closes his eyes, but not before checking if the safety’s on. It isn’t.
“John?” He called out feeling panicked. He didn’t want to fall asleep. He and John were finally alone and talking.
He gulped down the remainder of his victory drink and started to his room to get ready. He walked straight up the stairs, not even bothering to look at any doors that led to what he knew were empty rooms. What was the point? He knew nothing was going to be behind that door, so why give it the energy?
“No kidding?” Greg asks incredulously. “Hmph, come to think of it I never knew either. Seems weird really. He’s the kind of bloke that seems to do everything he can to get attention, I figured his birthday would be his favourite day of the year.”
ejaculate. God. He was sick. Seriously messed up. He couldn’t believe how
. Just the memory of the rugged and dark lilt it had to it had him moaning. He always suspected that Sherlock would be able to get him off with only his voice and nothing else.
Sherlock looked up at him and Johns heart soared, except…
“Hush. No buts. He kidnapped and threatened our lives, all our lives, yours included. He gave you impossible choices where you did what you thought was best. You – God, you were incredibly brave through that Sherlock.”
When he finally awoke Sherlock was surrounded by the smell of antiseptic and clean sheets. His brain felt foggy. Like his cranium had been stuffed with cotton and clouds. It was for this reason that it took him a full minute before he realized he was in a hospital and another minute to remember
“You still think that? Even though he may have been a fraud?” The alcohol seems to be going straight to his head tonight and though he hadn’t meant it too, his thought’s slip out his mouth scornfully and without thought. No matter what happened Greg’s been there for him when he needed it and he can’t justify treating the DI like that. Greg however looks entirely unbothered by it and is staring at John with a look of strong determination. The look of a man who is about to voice his opinion and not feel a bit sorry about it.
Then he had been all hands.
“Good job sweet heart,” his hand gently patted down Sherlocks sweat soaked curls, “Don’t forget the rest of it now.” Sherlocks jaw clenched tightly glaring at the last article of clothing standing between him and Jim’s engorged cock. They were posh looking black boxer briefs, eerily similar to the pairs Sherlock owned (which he would be burning when he got back home), they were new; no more than a month or two old and still smelled faintly of laundry detergent, once you got past the thick smell of musk and pre-come that is. At least he had the cleanliness factor going for him, though he supposed that would fly out the window as soon as he got to the actual point to all this. His hands were still far too wrecked and shaking to use easily and he assumed that Moriarty’s “no blood stains” rule still applied, so reluctantly and with a hefty amount of trepidation he bit down on the waist band of his pants and slid them down until his whole cock was uncovered. He was already near fully erect and as his prick became uncovered it slapped lightly into Sherlocks cheek, leaving a disgusting splotch of pre-come that made the younger man shiver in repulsion. He tried not to stare at his erection though it was a tad difficult to avoid when it was literally in his face. It was uncircumcised, thick, and only a bit longer than his own.  It also had a large white bead of pre-come dangling precariously on the head threatening to roll further down the shaft. He pulled his head away unconsciously not wanting to be so close to it.
John asks himself. He laughs bitterly at the absurd idea of this, this apartment, where he and Mary had built a marriage - a sham? - and immediately he thinks back to 221B, where everything had been oh-so-wonderful and John had been happy and then Sherlock had to go
,” Sherlock whines, pushing up to hide his face in the juncture where John's shoulder and neck meet. “Oh god, I'm-!”
John braces one arm against the doorframe while his left hand fumbles with the button to his jeans, unzipping as quietly as he can. His jaw is clenched and he's breathing harshly through his nose, barely managing to suppress a loud moan as he thrusts his hand inside his pants, wrapping it around his cock, slick already from the precome he's steadily leaking.
, and spent a spectacular night in bed that first time - followed by Sherlock clinging to every part of John he could reach - the taller man had decided once and for all that full-on body contact was something he would very much like to explore further.
“I know,” John had whispered, into the phone, his face glistening with silent tears of his own. “But I can’t come see him yet. He needs space away from me, for- For his sake.”
“I was hoping that it’d be just me and you, just for this time around. Not that I don’t want Rosie to be there with us, but I’d rather spend our first proper date laying all the attention on you, and not worrying if Rosie will start throwing food everywhere,” John laughs once again, clearly recalling that one incident weeks ago that ended up with a very apologetic John and Sherlock, a delighted Rosie and a forgiving Angelo with nothing to offer but pure adoration for the toddler.
He feels John's presence right beside him, radiating warmth and concern. "Are the bastards dead?" the doctor whispers into the still air between them, to which Sherlock answers with a small nod.
I was thinking of maybe doing a 30 days of porn series sometime soon so you lovely people have new content from me in between waiting for updates for this story. What do you guys think? Or should I do an omegaverse fic? Will anyone be interested? :)
“Anything you want, Sherlock, you only have to say it.”
Sherlock trailed his hands up towards John’s chest, quickly finding his nipples, flicking and pinching them, knowing how sensitive they were, revelling in the breathless moans that escaped John’s mouth. He grinned, ignoring John’s straining erection save for a teasing brush of the pads of his fingers across the front of his boxer briefs. He broke their kiss, mouthing his way down that tempting stretch of skin before him and towards his favourite part of John’s body: the gunshot scar on the shoulder, the very thing that brought John Watson to Sherlock Holmes. This he worshipped with tentative brushes of his lips, murmuring soothing declarations of love over each and every fold of healing and healed skin, his hands caressing John’s sides, leaving goosebumps in his wake.
Sherlock.
The detective shushes her cries with his lips pressed firmly to her temple, one firm hand holding her to his shoulder and the other rubbing her back with just the right amount of pressure as he hums the softest of melodies and sways on his feet.
"Sherlock," John says, moving, letting go of the younger man's elbow, only to clasp both of Sherlock's bigger hands in his own smaller, sturdier ones. The rigid set of John's shoulders betray the thrumming of his body, but thrumming with what, exactly, Sherlock can't tell.
Scanning the bevy of twirling bodies on the dance floor, Sherlock spotted a flash of dirty blonde hair. Grabbing both of their coats, he moved briskly forward to where John was in the middle of what appeared to be a bright red lipstick-covered kiss aiming straight for his cheek, accompanied by a barely covered thigh deliberately brushing against the front of his suit trousers..
John's voice is soft, filled with the unknown. His eyes are a deep blue abyss; they tell the story of a man thrust into adulthood all too soon. His hands, where they lightly touch Sherlock's, are roughened. These tell the tales of lives taken and countless more lives saved. On the outside, John is unassuming. On the inside, he is an enigma. Sherlock could never truly understand him.
Sherlock merely raises his eyebrows, surrendering to the discomfort and settling back onto the hospital bed. A tense, silent minute passes before he decides that he simply does not have the strength to be playing mind games with his older brother. His head is throbbing, and Sherlock has the sudden urge to tear himself free from the bed and flee back into the night. Just as he is about to make a smart remark that may irritate Mycroft enough to give him space, the other man breaks the silence.
Now as he stands in front of the bathroom mirror, eyes trained on John’s reflection in the glass where the man is staring at Sherlock’s bare back, the detective can’t help but think,
A declaration couldn’t do much to hurt the already crumbling foundations of their strained relationship, can it?
Their ride came to a stop outside 221B.
“Ah yes, won't be a moment,” John giggles, straightening his torso and sitting low on Sherlock's thighs. He pulls off his jumper and button down, flinging them in the general direction of the floor. As he gets to work on the button and fly of his jeans, a cursory glance back at Sherlock's face only makes him speed up, shifting his legs to get his pants off as well.
Sherlock scrambles to turn on the sofa and face his partner, only to almost fall off at the sight of the gleam of silver held aloft in John’s hand.
He folds it neatly, drops his dressing gown, and tucks it into his Belstaff.
Now as he stands here in the arms of the man who means the world to him - the remnants of Sherlock’s melancholy violin playing still drifting in the calm air around them, punctuated by the adorable gurgling from his happy, oblivious daughter - John allows himself a shred of hope for redemption.
He walks briskly to the black car waiting, sliding into the back seat and securing Rosie’s car seat before the car pulls away from the pavement. He looks up, and meets the neutral gaze of Sherlock’s elder brother.
John hates himself for agreeing.
A harsh jolt seizes his body; his mind palace shakes on its foundations, the lights flicker overhead.
“Of course,” John giggled, rolling his eyes, surging up to retaliate with another rough kiss. The both of them worked hand in hand to remove Sherlock’s shirt, and subsequently both of their trousers until they were naked save for their pants, both barely managing to conceal their burgeoning erections.
Sherlock’s cock dislodged from John’s hole in the process, but before he could question the sudden move, he was pushed onto the floor and onto his back, his Belstaff coat protecting him from the slight itchiness of the carpet as John scrambled to get on top of him, straddling his lower stomach. Sherlock could only gape in astonishment as in one quick movement,  John raised himself up and his cock was once again wrapped in the tight heat of John’s hole. He brought his knees up behind his lover, his long arms holding tight to John’s hips as the blonde started fucking himself once more on Sherlock’s cock.
” the text says.
Sherlock lets loose a look as if scandalised, mouth opening to ask John what on earth would have possessed him to feed their daughter dessert at this time of day when he spots his beloved standing in the corridor. John holds steady in his hands an impressive-looking cake, his face adorned with that bright, fond smile Sherlock loves so much.
John swallows around the tightness in his throat, his next words dying on his tongue, because it hurts, boy it hurts, because what Mycroft just said is nothing but the truth.
John stepped forward, running his hand down the length of Sherlock’s arm in an attempt to soothe him. “It’s up to you, love. I don’t want to make you do anything you don’t feel comfortable with.”
Scars are now a prominent feature of Sherlock Holmes’s person; Each and every one of them tell a different story, like the small rounded marks on the inside of his left elbow that stemmed from drug use and the numerous streaks of raised damaged flesh - most are still in the process of healing - peppering the whole of his back resulting from the harsh blows Sherlock received at the hands of his captors during his time away in Eastern Europe.
that was gone before it had ever seen the light of day.
“Sh-lah?” Rosie giggles from where she sits on his lap. She’s only just started discovering words, but already seems to be competent in grasping basic pronunciation. “Da? Da!” she giggles some more, clapping her hands together before sucking one fist into her mouth.
He pressed his body harder against John’s, effectively letting his abdominal muscles rub with agonizing friction against the underside of John’s cock, where he knew the doctor was particularly sensitive. Confident that John’s legs were tight around his hips, Sherlock moved both his hands to clasp between John’s back and the wall, barely a breath of space between their heated bodies, and proceeded to thrust
“More than anything, sweetheart. Please,” John pleads softly, brushing a light kiss on that cupid’s bow.
She holds on tight to both.
His world went blindingly white, just barely aware that John was also still beneath him, the sensation of John's cock ejaculating between them, with less come than before but an impressive amount nonetheless. Sherlock moved to pull out, eyes widening at the sight of his come dripping out of John's hole.
Before, Sherlock had viewed everything around him in a calculating, disconnected manner. He’d driven everyone else away, thinking them inferior for dabbing in something as mundane as emotions. Even when he was consulting for the Yard, he’d struggled to understand the emotional drive of the most common of murders.
So on he walks into the night.
A red tulip.
“Oh?”
“Yes, John?”
He thought what he felt for Victor was - unmistakeably - love, and Sherlock, for once, was
John swallows around the sudden influx of saliva pooling in his mouth. He has seen his flatmate in various states of undress around the flat in the years they've lived together, but it is something else entirely when said flatmate is undressed
Sherlock swallows the thick lump that has suddenly made itself known in his throat, finding himself not hesitating to nod his head with unrestrained enthusiasm. “Am I being courted?” he squeaks, the uncharacteristic noise startling him. John responds with a nervous laugh, rubbing the back of his neck, a lovely flush blooming across his face.
John shuts up. He freezes up, eyes wide in disbelief.
Even if he wasn't, (and he
“I am also human, John. I now realise I have needs too, like everyone else. Thanks to you I discovered my capacity to
”s with each push of his hips but then his eyes slowly blink open, and he locks eyes with John. What John sees there makes him still his hips in worry.
Instead, Sherlock settles for standing still, waiting to see what John will do next, now that he has seen damning evidence of all Sherlock had let himself suffer through if it meant that he could keep his friends safe.
Tip-toeing his way up the steps to the flat, John tries to hold back a wide grin, wanting to sneak up on his flatmate. He braces himself to find the flat in disarray, but once he pushes the door open, he is surprised to find it almost… clean. There are no stray cups of tea on the floor, no experiments spilled onto the kitchen table, nor is there any additional bullet holes in the wall (there shouldn't be any, really, seeing as John now keeps his gun somewhere he knows Sherlock wouldn't have thought to search).
“John? Is everything alright? I wasn’t due to go to Baker Street for another hour...” she speaks, timid and uncertain. Rosie wriggles in her arms, having spotted her father in the doorway.
“Yeah well, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re a better father to her than I ever was,” John snickers, but there is no bitterness behind his words. “Then that day came when we thought someone had taken Rosie, only to find that she had simply crawled into one of Mrs Hudson’s many cupboards, and you had that look on your face as your held her and teared up as you kissed her hair - don’t look at me like that, you really did cry - only then did I realise that you and Rosie were all I ever needed, my family, right here where I belong. I made love to you for the first time that night, after we had tucked Rosie in to bed and stood there watching her for what had to be hours. I remember all of it, from the moment we kissed for the first time, to the way you look disheveled and blissed out with release, your long limbs wrapping around me like I was your own personal burrito.”
The man picks up after just two rings.
’, as you were, and I don’t appreciate you being too friendly with our clients, or anyone for that matter.”
John stands outside Sherlock’s room, his hand sweating where it grasps the handle, his skin prickling with anxiety and regret.
“Johnnnnn, oh god-”
He’d have a fit if it is some drunkard behind the door, thinking that he’s at the correct house, because god knows it’s happened before.
And promptly broke into hysterical, loving giggles.
To Sherlock’s credit, the detective was busy playing a piece on his Stradivarius whilst Rosie looked on, her bright eyes widened in awe, her thumb forgotten in her mouth, mid-suckle. John, having been in the military, was also not a stranger to moving around undetected, and is deeply aware of which of the 17 steps make tell-tale creaks on the way up to 221B.
John laughs, exhausted yet more contented and exhilarated than he’s ever been in his life, nuzzling Sherlock’s sweat-slick skin. He giggles, catching sight of Sherlock’s wide-eyed expression.
, per se, but you can still be such a diva in your worst moments," John laughs softly, prompting an eye-roll from the detective.
A gurgle and happy squeal greets him as he unlocks and steps through the front door of the house. Molly is there, bouncing a very-awake Rosie in her arms. She looks up, meeting John’s gaze, and immediately her face creases in concern.
Neither man as much as move a muscle. Sherlock breathes shallowly, his heart rate picking up out of their own accord as his brain screams at him to either do something to rectify the situation, or god forbid Sherlock does this -
John’s words haunt him.
John smiles that smile reserved for Sherlock, and Sherlock alone. He tightens his hold on the younger man. He takes a deep breath.
Looking all around him, Sherlock notes that the happy memories far outweigh the sad; Where there are gaping black holes - the most painful thoughts he’s had concerning John - there are brilliant stars all around it, too bright to extinguish. Sherlock has the fleeting memory of reading up on black holes and the absolute absence of light within them, - more to impress John than Sherlock would care to admit - and he can only give in to the flashback of when he and John had been looking up at the brilliance of the night sky above them during that case with the Blind Banker.
“I’m glad you think so, Sherlock. Well, it’s time to go. All set?” John asks, flashing him another brilliant smile and a wink that almost -
“God, Sherlock, is that what you really think?” John responded, growing limp under Sherlock’s onslaught. He chased the other man’s lips, letting his tongue slip in between the pinkened lips already slightly swollen from the force of their kisses. “I love you, god, I love you so much, I must be doing poorly as your lover if you’re still considering silly things like that.”
“You said it.”
of the door opening. Sherlock would get startled, try to pull away but John wouldn’t let him. Not when he was so close. He’d pull Sherlock back, forcing him to impale his mouth on John’s swollen cock and the feeling of Sherlock’s throat straining and stretching around his cock would send him
“I don’t know what you mean.” He nearly growled through gritted teeth. So much for not showing any signs of defensiveness.
“Here, let me take that…” Sherlock tried to resist as John took the bin away from him but he was tired and sore and his muscles were quite done with cooperating with his demands, so John barely had to tug hard at all to get the bin out of his grasp. John placed the vomit filled bucket next to his bed and grabbed something on the bedside table. “Try and drink some of this.” John handed him a new cup of water and he reluctantly drank some. He swished a bit in his mouth and spit it out back into the bin before downing the rest. On the bright side his mouth now tasted of nothing but vomit. He didn’t taste Jim Moriarty any longer.
“No. No, you’re right. I would have done exactly what you had. Or at least, I think I would. I suppose I hope I would. I don’t know if I would have… handled it quite as well as you did but yeah, I’d try.” He let’s out a pained breath. “I may be a bloody hypocrite but still. In the future just, try to remember you have me to rely on, okay?”
He releases Sherlock’s throbbing length, precome bitter at the back of his throat, ducking his head to suck Sherlock’s balls into his mouth, pressing hard at the crease. He feels the heaviness of them on his tongue and knows Sherlock is already close.
“God, you're magnificent, you beautiful, gorgeous, incredible thing, you,” John praised, resting his head back onto the pillow, pressing back into Sherlock's every thrust. His left hand worked hard at bringing himself off, wrist flicking at each alternate pull. Sherlock huffed, kissing the top of his husband’s head.
“This happened when you were away, didn’t it?” John asks, his voice low, almost inaudible.
With unsteady steps Sherlock makes his way to the sitting room, dropping heavily into the sofa as he waits for John to return. He steeples his fingers under his chin in his default thinking pose, and does not realise he’s been away in his mind for a while until he feels John’s tender touch caressing his hair, and the welcome warmth of John’s thigh under his cheek. He doesn’t recall turning and lying on his side in John’s lap, but he ignores the details nonetheless, choosing instead to tilt his head up and meet John’s thin, soft lips with his own.
Then came the surprise deduction about Mary’s pregnancy, and in the blink of an eye, John had watched with restrained worry as Sherlock’s eyes dropped to the floor in what had to be resignation, and sadness. John hadn’t understood then, why Sherlock would be sad that John was about to be a father.
“As I love you,” Sherlock says, tilting his head downwards to press his lips tentatively to John's. It is light, and loving, and John brings a hand to behind Sherlock's head to clasp the base of that long neck, fingers roaming upward to twist themselves in the soft curls there, nudging just slightly to increase the pressure of their kiss.
He feels the tension start at his toes, shooting up his spine and settling in his groin as he chases his orgasm. John's legs threaten to give out but he pushes ahead, Sherlock's grunts and whimpers driving him on. He grits his teeth and hurriedly pushes the rest of his jeans out of the way to stare dazedly at his hand as it worked to bring him off.
“Sherlock?” John said, his voice barely louder than a squeak.
On a brighter note, the next update will be on *edit*Friday, and I fully intend to have the boys get a move on with a fresh start and - of course - the romance soon after, maybe? Yay!
As he struggles to make sense of the unsettling feeling, Sherlock barely makes out a buzzing sound coming from all around him. He spins on his heels, eyes darting, seeking out the source of the sound, when it happens:
John stares at her, at the features she’s clearly taken from her mother: her curly hair, her facial expressions, her bubbly, loving personality. For once, he is glad Mary’s spectre is no longer there in his shadows. He doesn’t think he can handle what not-Mary might say to him now, now that he’s just run away from the very best thing that had ever happened to him.
“Why can’t Rosie stay?” Sherlock asks, once they’ve parted for air.
As his vision blackens and blurs at the edges, Sherlock allows himself a final shred of memory: that very first evening he and John had stumbled into the foyer at 221B, breathless from running from the police. John had been incandescent then, all signs of his limp gone, eyes shining with newfound purpose and mouth pulled in the most delighted smile Sherlock has seen on John to this very day. He'd already loved John then, and wouldn't realise it until he was standing on the precipice of St. Bart's, sobbing his goodbye into the phone, John nothing but a tiny speck on the ground before him. He had let himself believe that John's anguished cries afterwards were borne of sincere heartbreak, and sorrow, and a promise of
Well, John asked for it.
Sherlock let out an embarrassingly loud moan, and proceeded to flip sunny side up and haul the doctor up and on top of him, naked crotch coming in direct contact with denim-clad one, eliciting combined groans; it didn’t take long for them to start rutting against each other. Sherlock held onto the arm rest beneath his head for dear life, and John held onto Sherlock, his jeans already open and the hot, hard length of him sliding against Sherlock’s healthy erection.
John continued, undeterred by what appeared to be the routine sulking session on Sherlock’s end. “Well. I take it you managed to apprehend the husband? You know I don’t like it when you go after a murderer alone.”
, and emit a hopeful “Sh’lah?”, and John would respond with a little shake of his head and a firm kiss to her temple. He would do this every time she asked, without fail.
, his arse muscles clenching as he drove his hips forward with impressive speed.
Downstairs, his phone buzzes with a frantic call from Molly, followed by an urgent text from Mycroft.
Sherlock sighed. “It’s done, it’s over and yes, I left him handcuffed to the toilet. I simply gave you the chance to let loose during the case.”
(See the end of the chapter for
In the days that followed, casual touches escalated to the not-so-casual and John found that he couldn't go a single day without laying an innocent kiss anywhere on Sherlock's face.
“Bingo,” John laughs, and if there’s one thing that Sherlock would like to hear during his every waking moment, it’s that low, cheeky rumble of John’s. It never fails to make his heart skip a beat and beam like a shy teenager. John continues, the register of his voice even lower this time as he clears his throat, licks his lips. “So… don’t have a girlfriend then?”
“Wait, John, this is for you,” the old lady tuts, rushing forward to pass him a neatly folded envelope with John’s name on it. “Don’t read it until you’re on the plane, Sherlock said.”
“What did you wish for, my love?” John asks.
“Say it, please.”
Sherlock’s insecurities never failed to throw John for a loop. He sighed, gifting the other man with a kiss so heartfelt, it left Sherlock gasping and flushed. John drew back with a raised eyebrow.
Angelo greets them at the door with his usual flair and an unusually high amount of enthusiasm, quickly ushering them to their customary table at the window with a hurried promise that their food is already being prepared as they speak. Sherlock cannot help but notice the table already has a candle - bigger than the normal adorning the other tables in the restaurant, mind you - and a intricate vase holding two more flowers.
Sherlock feels John shudder against him, and it is only when he registers the man’s uneven breathing does he realise that John is crying quietly, his whole body tense with the force of his restrained sobbing. He immediately pulls back, shushing the smaller man with a kiss to his forehead and wiping away his tears with his thumbs.
he thinks.
“When I’m feeling better later, I will delete it. Delete it all,” Sherlock sniffs, his heart rate picking up according to the monitors, the sound paralyzing John where he stands.
’ and gotten together.
’s” spilling forth from Sherlock’s mouth, for his ears only.
“God, John,
Sherlock breathed a final “
Sherlock, on the other hand, does know John has only one: the angry mess of scarred tissue adorning his left shoulder, a constant reminder to the both of them of how one single moment can change the course of their lives.
Seems quiet around here! Where's everybody gone? Teehee. Still, I hope you're all doing well <3
“Because you’re amazing and brilliant and so beautiful that I have to have you immortalized in my sketchbook. Please, love?”
I know, I haven't updated in almost 2 months now, and I can't apologise enough.
“N-no, it was perfect. It's just- I just needed to say something… John,
“I’m ready.”
John’s fork stops in its ministrations. “Oh, right. Do you have a boyfriend?” John picks up his glass, sipping at the wine. Sherlock stares as his adam’s apple bobs in the candlelight. “..which is fine by the way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“-so much.”
“But what she said was all true, John,” Sherlock mumbles from his corner on the sofa, curled up on himself. “I've only ever brought misery to you.”
He’d made Sherlock all the weaker for it, but what is a man without flaws, if not to use that weakness to build on his strengths?
“Aha! It wasn’t my idea to flirt with the lady in the first place, if you’d recall correctly. Before this you had no problem using me as a distraction, so why now? What was different this time?” John purred, nuzzling his nose down Sherlock’s exposed neck. He nudged forwards, closing the gap between them, stretching up to place a chaste kiss on plump, cupid’s bow lips.
.. was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done.”
“What did she say to you, John? Did she praise you, bat her pretty little eyelashes at you?”
It is not a nice feeling, and hopefully will be gone by the next update, which is John's pov, and quite likely will be up tomorrow! ^^
He surges forwards, grabbing Sherlock’s clammy wrist where it lies on the bed. Sherlock’s pulse thumps erratically under his fingertips. The man greets his approach with startled, watery eyes.
actor – and that it should require a great amount of distress for a man of John’s discipline and iron will to break down in front of somebody else.
, John,” Sherlock breathed, eyes raising in shame, but what he could find in the deep cobalt blue irises meeting his gaze was only of deep adoration and love, and Sherlock could only grin in return.
The next chapter is being written as we speak, and will be up tomorrow.
, twisting them, stretching the muscle, searching for his prostate. “Ah, fucking-!”
“You don’t want to know,” John sighs, a mild laugh escaping him, high and almost hysterical. The creases between Sherlock’s brows deepen, and John resists the urge to smooth it away with his fingertips.
“Well? What are you still doing all the way down there?” Sherlock smirks.
Holding on to the base of the glass plug, Sherlock slowly inched it out of John’s hole, undulating his hips, distracting John from the stretch. When it was fully out, he threw it onto the sofa, turning his attention back to the man wrapped around him, feeling his way to John’s entrance, easily slipping two, three fingers into the stretched muscle, feeling how hot and slick it was inside.
What he sees promptly sends his jaw to the floor and blood rushing south.
He worked with the concentration of a soldier in battle, the sound of pencil lead scribbling filling the air, washing over him like a soothing balm. John had always had a knack for drawing, though it had only been a rare hobby up until recently when he opted to join a life modelling class to fill his time in between classes at university.
“Mind telling me what this is about?”
Sherlock draws back once again to answer him. “I've never been more sure in my life. John, I've never been more sure of
“Good god,” John breathes, giving his own cock a squeeze at the base, his eyes squeezed shut, willing his arousal to simmer down. Not wanting to waste any more time, he pushes in his middle finger alongside the first, watching hungrily as Sherlock's body swallowed them up eagerly, his other hand preoccupied with kneading the plump arse before him.
We're finally getting somewhere people! I hope you enjoy this chapter very much. My everlasting thanks and love to all of you <3
Correction: The consulting detective was positively
Depending on how you see it (and your tolerance to feels), I may or may have not left you all with another cliffhanger. For that, I am truly sorry.
“Hmm? What was that, love?”
“I know all the good stuff about you, and the not-so-good stuff. I'm still here, aren't I?” John replies, sweeping a thumb across Sherlock's soft lips. “I'm here for as long as you'll have me.”
It is just like the very first time they locked lips, the two of them, following a exhilarating chase through the streets of London. It was on a particularly boring evening in the autumn, John recalls, when the two of them were simply staring at the other, faces alight with wide toothy grins that threatened to collapse into uncharacteristic giggles. John had stepped forward into Sherlock's personal space when he had noticed a trail of blood making itself known on the taller man’s temple.
Perhaps it's time he remove himself permanently from John's life. They're all better off without him, John, Lestrade, even Mycroft. They all would have one less thing, person, to worry about, to watch over. The world would move on, would keep spinning without him.
to make him forget the pain of the last seventy-two hours. Turns out luck, (and whenever has Sherlock Holmes ever believed in luck?) was evading him. Sherlock approached the haggard-looking dealer, only to be mugged and robbed of his phone and wallet. Said dealer turned out to have none of what Sherlock needed, having inhaled the last of his supply himself before going on a murderous high and stabbing the detective with a rusty knife he brandished out of nowhere and fleeing into the night.
“Uh- Sorry, didn’t see the ring there, I swear-” Mrs Roberts spluttered, hands at her chest as if scandalised, but Sherlock has no time for dramatics and he really, really needed to get them both home right this minute. He turned to face John -
John's arms, supporting his weight, start to tremble, so he lowers himself to press his body with Sherlock's from the chest downwards. He gives a small roll of his hips, delighting in the moan that erupts from the detective's mouth. Sliding a forearm underneath Sherlock's head and the other caressing Sherlock's face, John pulls out halfway before thrusting back in, trying his hardest to rein himself in and not come too fast, wound up tight as he already is.
“…John?” Sherlock croaks.
. Fear, attachment, hunger, adoration, love, and now, lust. Though now that I've examined closely that aspect of me, I've concluded that I'll only ever feel desire for one person, and one person only. That being you, obviously.”
“You know that’s not true!” she’d scolded.
He may be back to square one right now, but he still owed John for all that the man has given him, for John’s constant presence and guidance had been all Sherlock needed to regain his footing, and for his cold, hard exterior to warm and gradually fade to nothingness.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock soothes, tightening his grasp.
Sherlock refused to speak to anyone after what happened at the hospital. He keeps to himself, brushing Mycroft’s hushed words aside, giving him the silent treatment until the elder Holmes gives up and marches his way out of the flat.
“That’s it sweetheart, my love, my sun and stars, I love you so-” John declared, because it’s true, all of it, and Sherlock finally let go with an aborted cry, spilling between them, tears coming to both sets of eyes; John screamed into the warmth of Sherlock’s neck as his orgasm washed over him and dragged him under, his eyes falling closed to the litany of “
“Sherlock was found unconscious in a derelict part of North London just an hour ago,” Mycroft announces, his stern gaze making John want to cower in the corner in intimidation.
Sherlock has never laid bare his heart for the world to see like this, and he doubts it will be the last time, now that John is once more back in his life. If he is to be honest with himself, Sherlock finds the concept of being human all too-frightening, as if he is made all the weaker for it, and all the more vulnerable. Sometimes it is simply easier to not
. He smoothes his hand down Sherlock's chest and his taut abdomen to wrap around both of their lengths, giving one leisurely stroke from the root to the tip. Both men groan decadently, Sherlock pushing his hips forward instinctively through the circle of John's hand.
Making his way quickly but quietly back down, John grabs his phone and house keys with one hand, passing the keys to Greg to lock up the house as John rushes over to his neighbour’s. He hands Rosie over to the sympathetic - and understanding - Mrs Orwell without a word. She’s well acquainted with the family, and ever since Mary died, she’s stepped in as a mother figure to Rosie without hesitation, and John will be forever grateful.
“John.”
kissing John with just a hint of desperation, and obvious interest that John takes a moment to think, “
“Mhmm, it's soaked in your scent. I missed everything; your face, your smile, your smell, god, it's why I had to choose your sodding bed and the pillow I know you never fail to cuddle when you sleep. Sorry about that,” Sherlock pulls back, face flushed in embarrassment or arousal, John can't tell.
Oh, and what a
Sherlock chooses to spend the quiet evening at the kitchen table, poring over his notes on the most random of topics, only making a sound of affirmation whenever John asks if he would like more tea, or if he would like to have Chinese takeaway for dinner.
Molly reciprocates with a smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes, and with a verbal farewell to Rosie, she closes the door behind her.
ago-”
“I do, John. I care about you.” Sherlock fights the impulse to hide, so he straightens himself once again, head bowed but his expressions open, letting all of the love and pain and affection show on his face.
Sherlock falls to the floor with a strangled cry, clutching his chest where it burns. He feels his heartbeat pick up, irregular, the bundle of muscles thumping wildly as it struggles to find its rhythm.
John pulls Sherlock to him at the same time he shuffles his body closer, until the two of them are pressed from head to toe. He extends his left hand to brush over the curve of that sensuous body, from just below the buttock to the nape of Sherlock's neck, where he proceeds to mimic the actions from before. Round and round the fingers go, paying particular attention to the hairline where he knows Sherlock is most ticklish. His thumb caresses the skin just behind the outer shell of the ear, and before long, Sherlock’s tight facial expression breaks formation to crack into a wide, adoring smile.
He showers kiss after kiss on the expanse of chest and collarbone, taking in the unrestrained sounds of need and pleasure coming from above him. He feels his cock take interest once more in the proceedings, hardening rapidly. Pinned down by the detective’s longer torso, John ignores his erection for the time being, as painful as it is, just so he can let Sherlock take control of his pleasure and not be overwhelmed by too many sensations before he is ready for more. He snaps back to full attention when he hears the familiar baritone moaning for him. “Oh, oh god, Sherlock, that’s it, you’re doing
“Y-yeah. I know,” Molly squeaks.
arse it is. “Bloody hell,” John breathes, his hand shifting down to adjust the growing tightness in his jeans. He'd always taken notice of Sherlock’s plump behind, more times than not, courtesy of well-tailored trousers that leave nothing to the imagination. Once, he had to excuse himself from the crime scene because Sherlock had chosen then and there to fully bend over the poor victim's body to examine something, round arse sticking out for all to see.
Sherlock gulps, his throat gone tight. He looks down at their entwined hands and the ring, and the enormity of the moment hits him then, that he is of that very moment, a word, a single syllable away from the one thing he’d never thought he’d find. The love of his life, which in this case is a culmination of ugly jumpers, comfy jumpers, endless cups of tea, kisses in his hair, kisses on his forehead followed by his lips, eyes drowning in love and fascination each and every time they’re trained on him. John Watson is truly a miracle.
When Rosie wakes from her nap with a loud whimper just as the clock strikes eight at night, Sherlock is already on his feet, his dressing gown a torrent of material behind him as he walks briskly into his bedroom to soothe the frightened toddler. John stays close behind, peeking around the half-opened bedroom door to watch as Sherlock lifts Rosie into his arms with practiced ease, ever so careful, as if Rosie is the most fragile thing he’s ever come across.
“That’s good, I’ll turn around and let you settle down alright? Get comfortable,” John murmured, laying a soft kiss on the taller man’s reddened cheek. He pulled away, taking the opportunity to pull his armchair closer and at an angle to Sherlock’s positioning that would facilitate his drawing, and only turned back when he registered the telltale squeak of bare skin pressing down on the soft leather of the sofa.
Sherlock flushes deeper than John thought possible. He brings John’s hands to the waistband of his boxer briefs, and with a trusting nod, the same hands rid Sherlock of his pants until they are both bare, in all aspects, to the other.
“Wait...stop!” Sherlock says, sitting up. John releases him, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Come here, you.”
Sherlock howls, body tensing, back muscles flexing under John's hands. He scrambles for a firmer grip on the pillows as he parts his knees further, opening himself up. John licks his lips and moans at the sight, sweat trickling down his forehead with the exertion.
, body jerking as he shouts aloud, “fuck! Oh god! Joh--”
“John?” Sherlock’s low voice cuts into his spiralling thoughts.
“Oh god, John,
,” John gasped. “As much as I would love to desecrate one of your brother’s many private cars, we’re almost home, you madman.”
“There you are, I missed you,” John whispers, leaning forward. This time Sherlock relents, licking and tasting his way into John's mouth, both men content to be sharing each other's breath, to bask in each other's presence like a welcome oasis in an unforgiving desert. John voices his relief in a loud sigh that he lets bleed into the warm mouth covering his own. Not breaking the kiss, he reaches down and pulls Sherlock’s right leg up and over John’s hip, slotting his own left leg in between Sherlock’s. His thigh is pressing directly on Sherlock’s cock, now only half-hard from the earlier pause in proceedings. Adjusting a little more, he gasps when a tentative thrust of the hips from Sherlock catches him by surprise, rubbing Sherlock’s heavy testicles in a delicious friction against his skin.
For the first time in a very long time, John Watson finds himself at a crossroads, torn between walking away from, or coming face-to-face with the one person who stormed his way into John’s life, upturning everything and promptly setting everything right where they belonged.
“I can, quite confidently, tell you that it is not the detective inspector.” Sherlock takes another sip of his wine, the tartness of the flavour burning a welcome path over his tastebuds and down his throat.
The body below John is almost at bursting point, he feels it in the way the legs wrapped around him tighten their grip and Sherlock's chest is heaving.
, John groans, inwardly. It takes him a while to register that Rosie is wailing now, and John himself is a mess of tears and shaking sobs. He stands, trying to shush his frightened daughter, his salty tears running down his cheeks and settling in her soft hair, where her head is tucked underneath his chin.
His mind made up, John pulls out his phone, and dials Mycroft Holmes’ number.
“Nuh- not good, Sherlock,” John hissed.
He shuffled downwards until he was staring down at the trail of white come steadily dribbling its way down John’s perineum. Before he could think about it, his fingers were there, pushing his come back into John’s hole.
Mycroft’s scathing words haunt John for days afterwards, the threat unspoken but clear as day. He shudders just thinking of it, alone in his flat as he stares at Rosie’s sleeping form, tucked soundly into her cot. The little girl has been cheerful, mostly, but once in awhile she would give John a
Sherlock smiles, dimming the light in Rosie’s – John’s -  room and closing the door behind him, before making his way down the staircase.
John pulls back; Sherlock settles further into the pillows and into John's lap, and in one smooth thrust they are joined. They groan in unison, one adjusting to the tight snug heat, the other willing his muscles to relax and welcome the intrusion.
A familiar voice cuts through the haze, its sound a welcome anchor onto which Sherlock desperately grabs onto.
“Mycroft. Please. Afterwards I’ll let you do what needs must,” Sherlock sighs, his heart sinking at the thought of being isolated from his conductor of light, but then John’s crestfallen face comes to mind, and Sherlock shutters all emotion from his face in preparation of the conversation to come.
The army doctor notices this and takes a moment to mentally chide himself for apparently having reacted wrongly to Sherlock's spoken desire. He could feel the arousal dissipating and tension rising anew in the air. Desperate to rectify the situation before Sherlock gets too upset, or even worse, get out of the bed and refuse to let John touch him for the rest of the night, he resorts to desperate measures.
John's name into the heavens as his hips give a particularly powerful thrust, his body tensing up.
, John thinks. “What do you want, love?”
“Hm? Oh, sorry, I- I just,” he gazes up at Sherlock’s frowning face before he swallows the lump in his throat and looks away at the curtains fluttering in the light wind blowing through Baker Street. “Sorry.”
John swallows around the hard lump in his throat, flicking the bottle open to pour some lube down Sherlock's exposed cleft and some on his own neglected cock. He groans at the sensation; seeing Sherlock's pink hole presented to him only serves to ramp up his need for release. Tentatively, he slides his forefinger past the ring of muscle, breath hitching as it pushes in with no resistance.
The two men stand there, in the heart of what used to be their home; two friends fighting to recover from what had to be n-th time their relationship was put to the test.
Sherlock never asked for a best friend all his life, never thought himself deserving of one after all he’d been through. But John had limped his way in. Insignificant, weary, unassuming,
“Unconscious?” John stammers, not liking vague details of Sherlock’s condition.
“Well hello there,” John whispered, eyes alight in lust and love.
- move this upstairs, yeah, wouldn't appreciate Mrs Hudson nagging at us for destroying her wallpaper,” John chuckled, removing himself from Sherlock's hold and moving to pull the younger man up the stairs with him.
Rosie misses Sherlock.
It takes him five seconds before he manages a choked “You’re kidding me.”
“This okay?” Sherlock voiced, his hands hanging limply at his sides as he looked everywhere except directly at his lover. “Or do you need my pants off too?”
John doesn't rush, letting Sherlock's body slowly open to let him in. He wants to give Sherlock this, give him pleasure, and surround him with love, so much love.
, his mind helpfully supplies.
Rubbing his cock along the damp crease of Sherlock's arse, John nudges Sherlock's face up from where it has buried itself into the pillow he's clutching, laying one last kiss onto that cupid’s bow. The kiss through which John makes known his undying devotion, trust and love for the man in his arms.
was before your marriage to Ms Morstan,” Mycroft stated, eyes cold and calculating, spitting out Mary’s name like it was the worst thing he’d ever had on his lips. "He offered his life for the taking twice, for you, yet you kick him to the side with no regard for just how much he's sacrificed to keep your friendship."
didn't it? So OOC it's not even funny. But my poor flu-wracked brain couldn't fix it so I had to put it up. Let's just ignore this pile of rubbish shall we ><
Hearing Sherlock’s chuckle against his temple thaws just a little bit of the ice of self-hatred John’s encased himself in, and before can even react, Sherlock has released his hold on John and promptly bent down, scooping Rosie up and into the air above their heads, the little girl squealing in surprise and delight; Her eyes crinkle up just like John’s does when he’s amazed by something the detective has just done, unable to resist rewarding Sherlock with a wide, toothy grin and another one of his verbal compliments.
I have the best readers in the world. Thank you so much for all your support and understanding, and for waiting patiently for the updates to this story. I couldn't have carried on without you guys <3 <3 <3
John Watson had done the one thing no one else could: he’d made Sherlock human.
The little girl starts bouncing in Sherlock’s arm - excited with the prospect of seeing her beloved Mrs Hudson - whipping her head around, golden hair almost slapping Sherlock in the face, much to John’s amusement. She leans in and plants a big wet kiss on Sherlock’s right cheek and he rewards her with a kiss on her forehead in return. “Paaa!” she laughs, and Sherlock finds that his eyes have gone mysteriously misty. He passes her over to John’s steady arms, and watches as father and daughter make their way downstairs to 221A.
, he thinks, looking down where John's own eyes are spilling forth.
“I allowed this only because it would do Sherlock a lot of good and get him to stop wasting time wallowing in his self-pity,” Mycroft borderline-snarled, the disdain visibly dripping from his mouth like acrid poison. “Do not think that dropping Rosie into his arms would change anything.”
“Oh do keep up, John. I may not have been with anyone before then, but I certainly know how to handle things when my transport demands release once in a while-!” Sherlock gasps, cut off by the sensation of his cock in damp heat as John takes him in his mouth in one go, nose buried in the soft curls at the base. “
“Bossy,” John says, removing himself from the bed, stripping his shirt and bottoms off in record speed, eager to return to the bed as quick as possible. He settles back on the sheets, nudging Sherlock to lay on his back, but he refuses to budge. “Please, Sherlock?”
Carefully now, John arranges himself on the bed, lying on the side of his good shoulder. He pulls Sherlock to face him, the detective still sporting a look of uncertainty on his face; vulnerable yet trusting John to make the next move.
The detective had been mostly radio silent save for the occasional texts stating the mandatory
They meet halfway, Rosie clapping her hands in excitement while simultaneously trying to grab and stuff more cake into her face. Sherlock holds her just out of arm’s reach, shaking his head at John but no words come to him.
“Sherlock loves me,” John announces, to no one in particular. He thinks he should feel something, having said it out loud, but nothing changes other than the fact that he registers the slight quickening pace of his heart, and the sweat gathering at his brow.
He berates himself, relieved that Sherlock stays exactly where he is, handing Rosie over to John when the toddler starts wriggling in his arms, reaching out for her father.
He doesn't realise Sherlock has moved until two long legs come to rest on the top of John's arse and a large hand has wrapped itself around John's quivering length, slick with lube. Two pulls, then three, the hand evenly coating the length before Sherlock is wriggling his arse, and pushing at John's elbows, coaxing him into position. John grabs the base of his length, the head of it nudging at the loosened rim of Sherlock's entrance. One last silent affirmation with his lover's eyes is all he needs before he is pushing forwards, easing himself into Sherlock's body.
“Anything for you, love. I'm all yours. And the feeling is very much mutual.”
So I'm here to let you know that I will finally be able to put up the next chapter by next weekend (23rd/24th sept) and we'll be back with the boys hopefully working on who they were to each other and figuring out how they could heal from all I've put them through in this story.
John drops his duffel bag in the foyer of 221B with an audible sigh and a huff of relief.
John almost chokes around his mouthful as he registers Sherlock’s first ever curse, wrapping a hand around the base and pulling up, only to tongue at the foreskin, tasting the few drops of precome gathered at the head. The taste of him is heady and everything he didn’t expect and more. Being able to bring Sherlock pleasure like this still feels surreal and so John basks in the compliments that start spilling forth from the detective’s mouth. Taking Sherlock in once more, he sucks and pulls, building a rhythm that reignites the spark low in his belly.
“Thought I’d prefer if we were alone, so I could give you your birthday gift... properly,” John replies, but there is a hesitation masked behind his words, and it starts to gnaw at Sherlock’s mind.
“What’s he got himself into this time? I only just saw him yesterday eve-”
“Right then, up we get!” he croons to Rosie, the little girl giggling from her spot, strapped into her portable car seat. “Ready to see Uncle Sherlock?” Grabbing her overnight bag in one hand and the car seat in the other, John nudges the door open the rest of the way, nodding to the chauffeur and passing the bag to him before turning and closing and locking the front door.
Good morning, Mrs. Holmes!" John chirped, rather caught up in the moment. "May I say, you look particularly lovely today!"
"Your hips carry you perfectly and show off that gorgeous arse," John purred, placing a kiss on each hip and kneeling in front of Sherlock as though in worship. His hands slid of Sherlock's hips and bum, letting the dressing gown fall to the ground. "And just look at these thighs. They're so toned and muscular. And so are your calves," he hummed, kissing each one gently. "And look at your knees, perfect little caps on your legs," he added with a smile.
Soon a sailor let out a call for their landmark. "Well, you'd best be gathering your things," he told them with a smile. "Get ready to disembark, and with our blessing."
As the chain untangled, the bird let out a happy chirp and stopped fighting so much.
The unicorn snorted a bit as though offended and John couldn't help but think about the derisive man he was dragging along. As the animal whinnied, Sherlock approached slowly.
"Right-ho! Get ready to grab the ladder!" Wiggins instructed. Not a moment later, a rope ladder came swishing down through the clouds. John hesitated though, glancing over at Sherlock.
"That may be, but it doesn't stop them from toppling over. Your focus is incredible though. Your mind, your body....bloody beautiful. Let's see what we can do about that breathing though," John insisted, moving closer. He stood behind Sherlock, gently placing one hand on the man's chest and the other on his abdomen. "See, your stance and balance are fantastic. But you really need to focus on your breathing too. Diaphragmatic breathing is key in a lot of these poses. See, the diaphragm is right--"
A light tinkle sounded from the charm and John suddenly became a mouse, squeaking on the ground.
"It's just....funny, isn't it?" John panted. "You were complaining about being too hot. And now....we're even hotter and sweatier."
"Oh!" Sherlock gasped in surprise, blushing slightly. "It's you. I got up early to watch the sunrise and see my siblings to bed. I suppose it's not until now that I've felt like singing."
When it was all over, Sherlock laid on the floor while John reclined on the sofa, both trying to catch their breath. Then John began to chuckle softly, breathlessly.
"Piss off," the star replied, then laughed. "The other stars don't know what to do when I can tell them everything about everyone. Many of them don't care about humans anymore. But they're more interesting to watch and deduce."
"Very good. Now out of those wet clothes, you poor dear, and we'll get you into a nice warm bath," Irene insisted, helping him out of his clothes. "I'll just wring these out and we'll have them good as new. Oh, and such a pretty jewel around your neck. And an interesting chain around your wrist."
"Yes. Which goes to prove that you are indeed a ninny, a lackwit, and a......a clodpoll. And perhaps I am too," Sherlock sighed.
Just as he was about to dismount, the door to the Inn opened and a beautiful woman appeared. "Hello there, dearie. Oh, you poor thing. You must feel absolutely dreadful. Come inside. There's a fire blazing in the hearth and enough hot water for a bath that will surely make you feel better," she hummed.
Jim waited hours longer until the dead of night, when the woman was sure to be asleep, before sneaking towards her hut.
"Come on. I need to. There's something out there and I have to get it, for this girl," John insisted.
John nodded and thanked her, watching as she left before turning back to Sherlock. They set out their yoga mats to face one another so John could check Sherlock's poses and Sherlock would be able to see John demonstrate any pose he had difficulty with.
"You cannot continue this way, Sherlock! You're killing yourself!" Mycroft finally snapped.
Who am I now in this world without her?
"Perhaps I will....I only wish my mother were out, so I could say goodbye to her first," Sherlock thought aloud.
"Ah, yes. They have to get up pretty early in the morning to pull one over on me," Janine chuckled. "I do believe that flower he gave me is worth even more than the one that stupid girl lost me all those years ago."
"So......how do I......" the brunet began, turning towards John. "...look?"
"Oh no, that would never do," Sherlock replied sarcastically, rolling his eyes.
"When last we met, I ruled with my sisters in Carnadine, before it was lost," she answered easily.
"What?" John asked, tilting his head. "Sherlock......what's going on? Do you think you aren't attractive?"
"You just spent hours in the corpse pose," the doctor told him. "I've rarely ever spent such a long time with someone in any pose, much less that one."
Sherlock was freely sobbing as he finished the song, playing through the ending notes before collapsing to his knees and letting his violin sit to the side on the ground. Gazing out upon the London streets and the deep night sky, he could hardly conceal his feelings anymore. He'd lost the love of his life right after they'd admitted how they felt for one another. Through his tears and cries, he didn't even notice Rosie padding into the room in her footie pyjamas.
"Yes, I suppose he is," Sherlock admitted.
"I am Lady Emma of Stormhold," she replied, then reached into her pocket and produced the ruby rose. "This was payment for more than sixty years of servitude. I plan to barter with it for a palanquin to take us back. We must arrive in style, with bearers, and outriders, and perhaps an elephant. Nothing says 'get out of the way' like an elephant."
The Holmes manor was massive, the biggest house in town. The party was in full swing by the time John and his friends arrived, so they all headed their separate ways. His friends planned on getting drunk and really partying. But John was still hooked on his mystery lover. Until....
"The boy? The one in the Inn? With the unicorn?" Irene asked.
War and glory, reinvintion
"Say you accept," Sherlock encouraged. "Then we get to ride in her caravan."
John chuckled, then pulled Sherlock closer by his tie and murmured, "...Deduce it!" before kissing him soundly.
The bird fluttered its wings as it was passed to the woman, seemingly upset by this transfer.
So this was initially going to be a chapter about the private session entirely, but it turned out like this. the rest of the private session will be in the next chapter.
When the new of his husband's imprisonment reached Sherlock, he was torn to pieces. He had to go see John, talk to him, figure out what had happened. Mycroft tried to console him, but to no avail. Just then, their mother came in.
"I....I understand, John," Sherlock murmured, but was quickly cut off from saying anything else.
As the woman began heading for the kitchen, Sherlock shouted after her, "That's all right, I don't really......eat food...." He quieted by the end and shrugged it off, settling in the tub and content with the knowledge that there were still those who wouldn't want to harm him.
On the floor were Sherlock and John looking thoroughly debauched. Clearly caught in the act, Sherlock's shirt was unbuttoned while John's was nowhere to be seen. John's tie and one of his shoes had been discarded haphazardly and a vase of flowers seemed to have been knocked over in the process. Sherlock's tie was draped over his shoulder, dangling between the pair with Sherlock on top and John pinned to the floor beneath him.
Sherlock sighed, his head lowering. "Stars fall. They don't go back up," he muttered.
And she's gone.
This particular evening, the witch was preparing dinner when a visitor appeared outside her caravan. The bird squawked, alerting her to the presence of another. The hag-looking woman easily recognized her own kind, especially considering a woman of such beauty was approaching in a cart pulled by goats.
"Aye, they always learn," Janine agreed with a nod. "But they're never grateful for the lesson."
John returned home with his father, enjoying breakfast with his parents. But finally he had to ask the question that had vexed him since his childhood. He had to know about his birth. And finally, his father answered him as best as he was able.
"Oh, I doubt it," John dismissed, shaking his head as he pocketed the flower. "It would need to be a very fine deal, with a guarantee of safe conduct and that we shall arrive at the Wall in the same condition and state we're in now, that you will do us no harm, and give us board and lodging along the way. Deal?"
"Hm," Richard commented, but said no more as they continued on the path.
"About what?" Sherlock questioned.
"Yes, I'm right...The Star is coming this way," she murmured. Departing from her cart, she sharpened her knives in preparation. One was a small cleaver, specifically designed for cutting through the rib cage. The other was a more dagger-like blade, designed for cutting out the heart.
"No, there isn't," Richard answered, a bit more firmly. "You were sleeping under a tree. You must be suffering from exhaustion and hallucinations."
Sherlock swallowed hard yet again as John continued. Sooner or later, John would reach his crotch and see the most horrific part of him. He'd run for sure then, and he certainly wouldn't kiss it.
"I, uh....." John stammered. They'd never done something like that before. And suddenly it hit him. "I want you to tell me what's going on here."
"Simple. You're listed as Dr. John H. Watson at the health club. Clearly medically trained. Seeing where your eyes go during most yoga classes, you clearly watch for any signs of actual health or physical trouble during each pose. There's also your tan line and the bags under your eyes, your limp, and your war injury," Sherlock rattled off, then went on to explain. "The tan line clearly suggests time abroad, but not for pleasure. You weren't sunbathing, you were wearing full length sleeves the entire time. Coupled with the psychosomatic limp and the bullet wound on your shoulder, it wasn't hard to piece together that you were a soldier. And with your medical knowledge and the fact that you are currently a yoga instructor and not a doctor suggests that you were an army doctor recently invalided home who took up yoga to help with a war injury and now teaches."
John nodded, following his sister to the pub and up the creaky stairs to the landing behind it.
The woman eyed him suspiciously, giving the bird a couple of looks too. "Perhaps what you say isn't entirely a pack of lies," she muttered before beginning to whisper to the bird. "Wait there."
John tried and tried to reason with him, but to no avail. And then he figured it out. He managed to sneak around the man and get over the Wall before he noticed, then set out to find the fallen star. What he didn't realize though was what stars really are. And out in the woods, in the crater where the star had fallen, was the star himself: Sherlock Holmes.
"So. Mary Morstan. Your fame precedes you," Sherlock muttered in distaste.
"So, you've made it back without any hurt," his father laughed.
How could this be? He'd seen Sherlock not long ago. He'd been fine. But then he heard the cause of death: drug overdose. Sherlock had killed himself when he'd heard John was in jail. That must be it. It was all his fault. John sank to the crowd in grief, though he didn't seem so much sad as he did angry. He was furious. furious at himself, at the world, at the drugs that had taken his husband's life. Then he knew what he had to do. He didn't want to live in a world where he was a widower. So he did it. Strung up in his jail cell, they found him. Death by asphyxiation was the technical term. But he'd hanged himself. Now he could join his husband in whatever afterlife there was and they could be happy together for eternity.
"All right, ladies. Now let's try the gate pose," the blond instructed as he walked between rows of yoga mats and students. Glancing around as everyone changed position, he occasionally stopped by one or another to correct their position.
"She seems.....familiar, somehow," John murmured to himself.
Soon they were both naked and John couldn't help but stare as Sherlock's lips, which had just been the focus of such intense desire, began to do exactly as he'd imagined. One hand grasping the base of of John's length, delicate lips began to tease the head of his erection. Sherlock held his tongue for once, leading up to that. John's eyes were blown wide with lust as his short, tan fingers began to grab at the detective's curls, tugging lightly as Sherlock's lips teased his body.
"Brothers," Jim stated aloud, though he couldn't see them. "Your spirits surround me now, surely. I know I must avenge this sad carcass, for the honour of our blood and all of Stormhold. But then I shall assume the title I now legally inherit. And you will all still be dead."
"I think it likes you," Sherlock chuckled.
"We are much obliged," Sherlock added.
"I....I'll need help coming in. My leg is injured," Sherlock answered.
"It is a frozen charm," she explained. "A thing of power. Keep still and I will show you. I touch it to your head, thus--"
"Yes, please. Where?" Sherlock responded, taking John's hand.
"Blast you!" Jim shouted, feeling the paralysis already beginning to spread through his body. He groaned in pain, quickly losing his ability to speak.
Lighting his pipe, the captain continued, "You know, it wasn't entirely fortune that we found you. Well, it was fortune that we found you. But I was keeping half an eye out for you. I and a few others about the place."
Sherlock had known John for years, even though the last few year he'd been "dead". He'd been sure that his best friend would be waiting for him when he returned. Even when Mycroft revealed that John had found someone else and was planning to marry her, the detective was certain his place beside John would still be waiting for him. After so long, he'd been certain he would be the one to stay with John.
By this time, Mrs. Hudson had cleaned up and rearranged a bit in the flat so they actually had space to do some yoga. It wasn't much and Sherlock hardly seemed to notice.
"No. You may travel by palanquin and elephant and all that if you wish. But Sherlock and I will make our own way and travel at our own speed. Right, Sherlock? Sherlock?" John called, realizing the star had vanished.
"Aye. I nearly had it, at that, up in the mountain pass. Do you remember?"
Janine grumbled, but gave her the flower all the same.
trip. I was hit. In the side. By this," he explained, pulling out the necklace he'd hidden when he fell.
"Well is it?" Emma pressed.
"Sherlock, I'm home," John called out when he returned from yet another date. But when Sherlock didn't greet him from his usual spot on the sofa, John furrowed his brow and began to glance around. Then he noticed it. There was a trail of rose petals leading from the front door to the bedroom. And on the table in front of the sofa, there was a single rose with a note.
Footsteps approached then and Emma appeared with a soft smile. John stammered to get out a greeting, though he was unsure what to call her. Emma just chuckled.
John chuckled, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. "Yeah, I am. Sorry," he murmured. "I just......Well, I saw you in the park earlier today and I just......I wanted to tell you I think you're gorgeous. What were you staring at?"
"How do you get into these scrapes?" Sherlock chuckled.
"No, no.....he's still here. But he's headed for the Market at Wall," Molly explained.
"So I am to be the eighty-second Lord of Stormhold, and all the rest of it," Jim commented.
he is," Mary commented with a smile, getting to her feet.
"Girlfriend? No, not really my area," he hummed.
"There is! I see them!" John insisted.
"Yes. The thing I showed you. The topaz stone that caused me to fall when it hit me," Sherlock explained. "I have to give it to the right person. The last time the right person came along, the innkeeper woman cut his throat, so I have it still. But I wish it were gone."
"I do not know," Sherlock answered. "But I have one obligation still to discharge."
"There. A bargain's a bargain. Now give me the flower," Janine demanded. John nodded, retrieving it from his pocket and handing it over easily.
"So, you thought you would warm yourself at the burning of my cottage," she hummed. Jim would've had a smartarse comment if he could've moved his jaw to speak. "You should be ashamed of yourself! Attempting arson and murder on a poor old woman living alone."
"He's gone, my lord. Left early this morning," the woman told him.
Once he'd made note of the regime he had in mind, John managed to get a bit of sleep for the night. But he was far too eager for his private session the next day. When morning did come, it barely even felt like he needed the caffeine he usually craved. He went through his morning routine though and headed for the health club, ready for his usual classes. There was one difference though. Sherlock wasn't in class. Probably for the best, since the group sessions seemed to agitate him far more than help him. So John went through the class as usual, ignoring the flirting from his students and just going through the poses.
And we fought like it was all some silly game
John rolled his eyes, but glanced around and spotted a town not far away. "Look. There's a village just over that hill. I'll go and get some food. You wait here. The unicorn will protect you if anyone comes."
"So what now then?" Sherlock asked, raising a brow.
"Oh, good idea," John murmured.
John blushed deeply before deciding to be bold. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against Sherlock's, kissing his gently at first before weaving his fingers into those dark, gorgeous locks of hair. He gave a light tug as he noticed the detective returning his advances, pressing back against him. They didn't pull apart until the need to breathe interrupted, then met each other's eyes with a mutual sort of desire.
"I'm John Watson. Now come on," John insisted. Then came the rope. A thin, golden rope darted out from John's hand and tied itself around Sherlock's wrist. "You're going to be a gift for Mary, my true love."
"There," John answered.
Sherlock stared at the magic rope in disbelief, then scoffed. "But of course! Nothing says romance like the gift of a kidnapped, injured man!"
She was cut off by a banging at the door, followed by Lord Richard yelling for service.
"John....is this really what you want?" Sherlock finally asked. "I have some....misgivings."
"Whither thou goest...." Sherlock muttered ruefully as they approached the Wall.
Sherlock waited by the food and ale stall, staring through the gap in the wall where John had disappeared and never returned. Along came a lovely blonde woman who spotted him and his longing.
John did, though clearly disgusted by the action. They shook hands wetly and the deal was struck.
"All right, just join in when you're comfortable. It's nothing major. Just a calming chant. We'll be in the lotus pose, as best you can manage," John explained, getting into position. "Close your eyes and just chant with me. Ommmmm......" he began. Within moments, he heard Sherlock's baritone voice join in and he couldn't help losing his concentration. For a moment it was just Sherlock chanting, John's mind blanking temporarily as there was more than a slight stir in his pants. But before long, he joined back in and tried to act as though nothing had happened. This would certainly be an interesting session.
"Might I have the honor of learning your name, my Lady?" Sherlock requested.
"Well, whatever you are, I merely was going to point out that we cannot have children together. Not that two mortal men could either," Sherlock told him.
"If it's not too forward of me to ask, sir...what are you searching for?" John asked curiously.
"All right, everyone. Let's get started," John announced after he'd finished speaking to one of his students about one of the poses. "Grab a mat, neat rows, and we'll start slow and stretch."
Far from what one would expect of a star, he had dark curly hair and stunning blue eyes that almost seemed to change color. His pale, alabaster skin drew most in. But right now, it made him appear lifeless and cold. That is, until he woke and sat up. glancing around, he realized what must have happened. Something had hit him and he'd fallen from the sky and.....damn! He'd broken his ankle. Well, no use struggling to get out of this hole now. There was no chance until this was healed. So he glanced around, trying to plot a way out for when he was healed, when he saw something shimmering beside him. Reaching over, he discovered a necklace with a single jewel in the center. Having no idea what its significance could be, he put it on and hid it in his shirt. And there he waited until......
"I enjoy your company. We're out, spending time together. And last I checked, we are both blokes, as you've put it," Sherlock chuckled. "I was hoping to make a rather nice evening out of our day. And I wanted to ask you for this."
Jim laughed, almost as though he'd heard his dead twin. The sound echoed throughout the empty, bloodstained mountains, surely terrifying anyone who heard it.
The thunder grew louder, closer, but a new sound joined it. It seemed to be a sort of creaking, like that of a house settling or a ship's rigging. But that couldn't be, could it? They were in the clouds.
Jim had gone far in his travels, reaching Diggory's Dyke after some time. But he'd hardly expected to find a small hut along the road to the Wall. Who could possibly want to make a home here? Well, Jim was going to find out, examining the hut through his spyglass with his belly to the grass.
Sorry if anything is off about this. I know the movie is different, but I haven't seen it recently enough to put it into the story. I'm working off of a script I found online, so hopefully it's all right!
"Well they're clearly all idiots. You're bloody brilliant. Not to mention your flexibility. Honestly, I've never met anyone so naturally flexible. So hopefully with some guidance, you'll catch on in no time," John assured. "So why don't we get started? We'll just do some chants to start and relax, yeah?"
So now Sherlock was trying to adjust. He hoped that if he slowly got used to seeing himself naked in the mirror, then he would eventually be able to be naked in front of John. That's what he was doing now, standing in his room in nothing but a dressing gown. It was one of his favourites and he'd hoped that would make him feel a bit better about what was underneath. So, standing in front of his full length mirror, he untied the gown and let the midnight blue silk fall delicately from his shoulders and pool around his bare feet. Looking at himself in the mirror, he began with his face. Angular, pale, sharp features framed by curls that only seemed to enhance how pale his skin was. All right, move on. His eyes slid down his neck, long and delicate, to his shoulders. Hardly manly at all. He'd always been more feminine in his appearance and boys in school had bullied him for it, among other things.
John felt fine, but simply accepted the explanation to avoid losing his ride out of the forest. As they continued, the horses began to act odd as they approached a new path on the mountain.
isn't it over?
"I know you, Janine," Irene snarled, narrowing her gaze. "None of your damned lip. Who travels with you? For the spell of honesty you placed upon me when we last met I know place upon you."
With the announcement, everyone seemed to rush around to get a mat. Sherlock didn't realize what the big deal was until he spotted some of the students. All women, all rushing to get as close to John as possible. Ah, so that was why they'd all moved so quickly. Sherlock scoffed and grabbed a mat, settling himself a good distance away from the rest of the students so he could concentrate rather than hearing the constant giggles of the women pretending they couldn't do something just to have John's hands on them.
"It's about time, woman! Didn't you hear me?" Richard huffed, in an abnormally bad mood after the night he'd had.
"He will break it, or waste it, or lose it. They all do," Irene insisted.
John approached just as the woman was leaving, a smile on his lips.
"And the man you promised your hand to.....do you love him?"
"And let it kill me too?!" John huffed in exasperation.
John blushed a bit at the suggestion as he stood, but nodded. "I guess you're right.....It's a bit late to be going home now. If you really don't mind, I'll stay," he agreed.
"If I may," the doctor interrupted from the doorway before stepping in. "The nurses have informed me of your reluctance to go to therapy or to a rehabilitation center. And we have many patients who feel the same way. What I would recommend in this case is that you see a rehabilitation counselor twice a week at least, and continue seeing a medical doctor monthly so we can track your progress. And to help combat the loss of your high, I'd recommend exercise. Exercise will release endorphins--"
"So you've got a boyfriend then?" John repeated.
"Fine," John sighed, turning around. "But I'll be seeing you in the Seventh Magpie tomorrow, and I won't be buying you a pint."
"Oh......well, it's uh.....a bloke.....someone you go out with and spend time with.....someone you like," John tried to answer.
There was a moment of quiet between them before Sherlock answered, "Yes. I do."
"J-John......." he stammered. "Y-you don't h-have to."
"No, you shouldn't have," Sherlock argued. "I live, as long as I am in Faerie. Were I to travel to your world, I would be but a cold iron stone, pitted and pocked and fallen from the heavens."
The day he'd finally gotten up the courage to ask out Sherlock Holmes was the happiest day of John's life, so far at least. Sherlock had said yes and they'd ended up going on a date that night at Angelo's. Everything was going well for the first couple of weeks. But then there was a bump in the road.
"What's happening?" John asked, looking around at the crew.
"Well? You just going to stand there and talk to yourself all day?" the woman huffed.
"Impossible! You.....You are long dead!" Janine argued fearfully.
John hated days like this. Sherlock was always more irritable when it got too hot. Thankfully, they didn't normally have that issue in London. But today was one of those rare exceptions where it felt absolutely sweltering outside and the humidity wasn't helping. Both Sherlock and John were particularly on edge with this heat.
"Good day, sister," Janine greeted, the curse causing her to forget all about ever meeting this woman before. Not that she would be recognized in this form anyway. "What happened to your house?"
"Stop it," Mycroft argued, turning it back down. "You're not getting high in the hospital. You're getting treatment and you're going to stop. Smoking is one thing. But at the rate you're going, you're going to be dead before your next birthday. Now stop it!"
Jim glared, clearly angry about his demise. But he nodded, knowing he couldn't go back now. "Indeed, brothers. There are none left to take revenge on her, and none will be Lord of Stormhold."
Sherlock was grazed by one of the bullets as he fell to the ground, but was sent home after receiving stitches and staying a night in the hospital for observation. John wasn't so lucky. The former soldier had received a fatal shot to the chest, enough to know he wouldn't make it. He didn't die right away, bleeding out with Sherlock beside him. He insisted that the detective stay to help raise his daughter. Sherlock could hardly refuse his best friend's dying wish. As they waited for the ambulance, Sherlock kneeled beside his friend and sobbed.
Back at the market, Janine was trying her hardest to sell her glass flowers, her servant girl by the caravan.
Sherlock beamed at the suggestion and nodded instantly. "Yes, that sounds much better. I'll see you tomorrow after your usual class then?" he replied before beginning to walk out the door.
"John. John Watson. Pleasure to meet you," John introduced.
There was a pause before John continued. "Mary. I am responsible for all that I've done, not you. And you did not promise me your hand if I returned with the star."
Sherlock furrowed his brow, looking up at her. "Who are you?"
"We'll see," Richard huffed. "He has to find the girl who wears it first."
"Good. Now close your eyes and breathe. Let it happen naturally," the doctor instructed. "Let your body feel heavy on the floor. Notice your breathing as it goes in and out, in and out. Relax each part of your body, one by one. Start with the soles of your feet. Notice them, how they feel, as you relax. Let the tension out of your feet and your ankles. Let them rest."
"Party of Watson?" the badger asked. "John of that set?"
Isn't it over?
"Strange looking horse, if you ask me," Sarah commented before heading back inside the inn.
They were both quiet for a while as they let it all sink in before they both began to laugh.
"It seems I owe you an apology," the woman admitted as she turned back to them.
Sherlock was thoroughly upset by this point. In the mountains, it was raining heavily and he was soaked to the bone. He'd been riding for what felt like ages and was growing tired and irritable.
"Come along then," his father instructed, an arm around his son's shoulder. "You look taller."
Sherlock began to sob, truly and deeply sob, for the first time in his life. His chest ached and it felt like he was truly dying. Dying of a broken heart. Poetic and sappy, but it certainly felt true. Mycroft left him to himself for a while, deciding that was the best course of action for now. He couldn't have been more wrong.
Time passed and Sherlock's leg began to heal, enough that he was able to get around on his own. He was thrilled by this development, and John was relieved to see the star so happy. His own hand was healing as well, the burn nearly a memory as he awoke in the early morning. Blinking the sleep from his eyes, he tried to focus on what had woken him at such an early hour. Sure enough, there was singing above on the deck, a beautiful sound unlike anything John had ever heard before. Following the sound, he made his way to the main deck to find Sherlock singing to himself and dancing slowly.
"There. Now let's go. We need to get ready for our party," Mrs. Holmes told her husband.
Sherlock sighed as he saw the headlines. John was seen all over town on "dates" with someone from his clinic: Nurse Mary Morstan. Blonde, just a bit shorter than John, average health, no pets, cat lover, bakes her own bread. They made a cute couple for the pictures and John did his best to appear in love with her. They met each other's eyes and smiled, kissed, fed each other, the usual couple things. And it made Sherlock wonder. Was he being a bad boyfriend? What was it one did when they were in a relationship? He needed to know. So he decided to research. Every time John was on a date, he studied the photographs in the papers, did online searches, talked to people online, did everything possible to get the data he needed. After months of watching John with this woman, he was ready to be the perfect boyfriend.
John spoke softly and Sherlock, surprisingly, found that it was working. His feet practically felt like they were asleep at this point. He kept his eyes closed and focused on listening to John's voice as he went through the guided meditation. It seemed to be working wonders and he didn't want it to stop.
"Hello, father," he greeted, coming to sit with him.
"If you want to," John offered, smiling as Sherlock nodded. "That's that then. We can come out tomorrow though. Tonight, I want to show you just how much I love you. And you can lie back this time," he chuckled. And with that, both men were very, very happy.
"Do you really?"
"So was I," John replied.
Isn't it?
"Only the risk of the clouds disappearing into nothing. They do that, you know," Sherlock told him. "I could not survive another fall."
"You dare feed me Limbus grass?!" Irene snapped, glaring at the women. Janine just cackled.
"He sounds like a dangerous man," the ex-soldier replied.
"I've never heard anything like it," John admitted as he came closer.
Yes, I know that in Yvaine and Tristan don't actually travel back to the Inn, but it was easier to make the transition this way so I wrote in an extra stop.
"Er...My friend's hurt his leg, and I've burned my hand," he called back.
"You mean through the Wall?"
Sherlock couldn't help but chuckle a bit at that as well.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Time of death: 2:34 pm. Cause of death: Fall from building.
"Would you like heads or tails?" Janine offered.
"Let's see how everyone's doing with your tree pose," John decided, demonstrating as usual so everyone remembered how it was done. Once everyone began to move, he walked through the rows to see how they were doing. "Good, good. Remember to breathe, everyone. Keep that right foot on your thigh."
John was silent for a moment before letting out a breathy comment of, "Fantastic....."
Richard smiled. "Welcome, brother," he added. "We've waited to be reunited. Now our time here is done. You are the last."
She was just a head shorter than John with beautiful blonde hair framing her rounded features. The stunning girl had caught John's eye, as well as the attention of every eligible bachelor in town. But John never gave up in his advances, even when she blatantly chose another man. One evening on his way home from work, he stopped by her house yet again.
"Richard! They tried to poison me!" John announced, causing Richard to jump to his feet and reach for his belt. But the prince found nothing.
"Well....I suppose it feels.....happier. Less troubled. More easy," Sherlock told her.
Finally, he forced himself to look at his groin. A dark bush of curls formed there, covering the base of his penis. It looked grotesque to him, wrinkled and full of dark veins. The head stuck out like, well, a sort thumb really. It was thinner than John's, but longer. He preferred his lover's. It was darker, shorter, and thicker, surrounded by a bush of gorgeous blond curls. There was nothing ugly about it. It was perfect. Sherlock's.....well, it was far from, he thought.
"We can't leave it, the poor thing," he murmured, reaching out gently to pet it's long snout.
Isn't it?
"Good. Now this pose emphasizes the hips especially. Now everyone up. Let's move into the downward dog," he continued, watching the poses shift. And as he looked around, John got a wonderful view of Sherlock's arse. Damn those tight trousers, as well as his own. Neither left much to the imagination, if anything. And John managed to find a reason to move back to Sherlock.
"Jim, you have paid for your deeds. None of us can bear you a grudge now," James greeted.
John was absolutely crushed. He'd fallen for Mary Morstan only to get rejected time after time that he asked her out. She kept flirting with him, but he never seemed to be able to get a date with her. His friends tried to keep him upbeat, following him around with different things to do to take his mind off of her. Finally he lost them in Regents Park, grateful to get away from everyone for a bit. As he sat among the trees, trying to clear his head, he saw the most perfect creature in God's creation. A tall, slender brunet with curls as dark as night, skin pale as the moon, and eyes that seemed to pierce his very soul. Eyes the color of the sea during a storm focused intently on something, but John couldn't tell what. He just knew that this was the person he was meant to be with. Unfortunately, it was at that moment that his friends found him and led him off.
"No, you will not. And to tell you the truth....I was relieved to learn you are not marrying Mary Morstan," Sherlock revealed.
"Oh, of course, you poor mite. I'll have my husband, Billy, carry you inside. And there's hay and fresh water in the stables for your beast," she assured, calling her "husband" to the door.
"John....I missed you," Sherlock purred, getting out of the bed with tousled hair and coming over to snog John against the wall. "Why don't you let me show you how much?"
"Good evening, Mary. Lovely to see you again, as always," John greeted with a smile. He tried to engage her in some sort of conversation, but to no avail. And when his competition appeared, he ended up feeling his temper raise.
"God, I hate you for making me cry on my wedding day! Thank goodness I'm not wearing any makeup!" John teased, then stood up on his toes and kissed Sherlock gently.
"I miss Daddy too," Rosie whispered, tears in her own eyes. The pair stayed in that spot for a while longer, crying together. Sherlock shared stories of his best friend, John Hamish Watson, wanting the blogger's daughter to know just how amazing her father had been. Eventually, they dozed off together on the sofa, Rosie on Sherlock's chest. That was where Mary found them the next morning. She smiled softly, letting them spend time alone together for a while.
"Steady, steady," Jim muttered to himself as he crept closer. Against his hip was a club of oak, brass nails studding the head. He listened at the door until he heard the woman snoring, then snuck into the bedroom. Uncorking the brandy, he poured it and lit a lucifer. Before long, the hut was engulfed in flames. Jim walked out easily, smirking as he examined his club. "Either she'll burn alive inside her hut, or she'll run out and get bludgeoned by my club. Either way, my debt will be fulfilled."
Now I've got to be there for her son!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oooh, fuck, Sherlock!" John cried out, tugging at the man's curls.
"Just checking you've not sneaked out through the window!" John chuckled teasingly as he came into the room. While traditionally the groom was not to see the bride before the wedding, they'd agreed that it didn't matter since they never seemed to follow tradition or cultural norms anyway. So John had decided to come see his partner before the ceremony.
"He would do well to remember the proverb which warns against relying upon the numerical value of unhatched chicks," James huffed.
"Ouch!" Sherlock yelped as John moved too fast and tugged at the chain. "Wait for me! This stupid chain's not that long!"
"It is the Power of Stormhold," Emma told him. "You are of the blood, and now all of your uncles are dead and gone. You will make a fine Lord of Stormhold."
"Oh...well....boyfriend then? Which is fine too. It's all fine," the blond was quick to point out.
"Now do you believe me?" John murmured as he caught his breath. "I love every last piece of you. You're beautiful to me, all over. And I love you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes."
"Nope. No one passes the wall," Greg told him firmly.
"Because I've never had sex. Certainly you, of all people, know what a virgin is," Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock did just that, feeling a calmness and an almost tired feeling taking over his body. He yawned softly and stretched a bit before finally letting his brain turn on once more.
"I'm sorry," John murmured.
"You're the bird from the caravan, when I was--"
read the newspaper headlines. Apparently they'd seen Sherlock out with John and caught him giving what they described as "longing gazes" and "eye-fucking from across the room". The tabloids would do anything to get a story, but John couldn't let this go on.
"Only half mortal, according to my father," John replied. "Everything I ever thought I knew about myself, who I was, or what I am has turned out to be a lie. Or sort of. You have no idea how astonishingly liberating that feels."
"Hardly," Sherlock muttered, thinking John wouldn't hear.
"Fine, what's your name?" John sighed.
Janine laughed in disbelief. "And how will you stop me? You swore an oath as my guest, darling. There is nothing you can do to harm me."
"You know, I've been thinking," John began. "After we've got you back to the Wall, to Mary Morstan......perhaps we could do what you need."
