"Extremely lucky," Sherlock said and smiled fondly at John. He continued eating, doing his best to clean his plate. After he was done, he helped John clear the table and wash the dishes.
John started bobbing his head, each time he came down moving lower on Sherlock. He relaxed his throat, willing Sherlock to use his mouth if he wanted to. He felt a bit cheeky and moved one hand underneath his boyfriend, slipping a finger between the cheeks of his arse to tease him.
John moaned into Sherlock's mouth as the other boy came down on him. He was so tight, the feeling was incredible. He worked his hips up, meeting Sherlock's each time he moved, wanting him to enjoy this as much as he was.
John looked up at Sherlock and smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Sherlock." He leaned up to kiss him. "I love you, too. I promise, I'll be fine," he said, only half convinced of himself.
"Well... let me start by explaining how I knew what happened without John telling me," he looked back and forth between John and his father and smiled nervously. "Back when John was in the hospital, you, Mr. Watson, left the room for a phone conversation. You seemed rather distraught and because you don't know anyone in London yet besides your boss and co-workers, I could only guess it had to be involving work."
Sherlock clung to John as he felt him enter him finally and he threw his head back with a loud moan. He felt like everything was finally coming together and that he was at last complete. The feeling of being so connected with the love of his life was more than he could possibly put into words.
John took Sherlock's hand and squeezed it. "Sorry I asked," he said after seeing him get uncomfortable. "I wish I could do that, though. I get haunted sometimes by my nightmares." He closed his eyes and thought about trying to lock up the memories but the more he thought about them the stronger they became, so he gave up.
Sherlock cried out and threw his head back to give John more access to the skin of his neck. He moaned and clutched at the other boy's back, pushing himself further onto his fingers. "John...
John squeaked a little when Sherlock poked him and rubbed his side. He decided to play along with Sherlock's fake anger. "Aw, Sherlock. Of course it's not, I was teasing." He scooted close and kissed his lover's ear. "Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"
, but quickly smiled when he turned back around. "That sounds perfect, Mycroft can drive you to school if you're going today, I'm supposed to stay out for the rest of the week to recover, but I'll ride with you to drop you off," he said and started to get dressed while John called his father.
John definitely liked that reaction. He dipped under Sherlock again and repeated what he'd just done, smirking up at him after. He swirled his tongue around Sherlock's slit, scooping up the precum and swallowing it.
," he moaned and dug his nails into the other boy's back, rolling his hips up to meet his thrusts.
John sighed and made a disappointed sound. "Alright. Goodnight, Sherlock." He was pretty tired too. Plus, the sooner they went to sleep, the sooner they could be together again.
John grinned, but it didn't reach his eyes. "Sherlock...stay close to me, okay? I really don't want to be alone at that party," he said softly, resting his head on his fiance's chest.
John shivered at the feeling of Sherlock's breath and wrapped his arms around his lover's waist. "Sounds good to me." He slipped his hands down further to Sherlock's arse and squeezed.
"Oh...oh, God!" John groaned and bit into one of Sherlock's pillows. Sherlock's tongue was barely touching him and already he could feel how warm and wet it was. He couldn't help himself, and lifted his hips enough to wrap a hand around his cock, stroking slowly.
Sherlock slid down the door and buried his face in his hands, elbows rested on his knees. He wanted more than anything for John's father to be completely accepting of them because he knew how important it was to John.
John slumped forward onto the seat, warmth spreading through him with the heat of his lover's release. He panted, staring into the mirror at the two of them, and smiled wryly. "God, yes it was...We look good like this," he said, taking in their flushed, sticky with sweat appearance.
Sherlock adjusted his suit jacket for about the hundredth time in the mirror. He ran his fingers through his hair and made sure his face was clear of any bumps or blemishes. He was nervous, to say the least. His mother had decided on throwing the biggest wedding London had seen since William and Kate's and had invited around eight hundred guests.
Sherlock gasped in pain, but stayed focused on John's face. "I promised to protect you," he whispered, "I love you more than anything, John Watson." He felt his eyelids getting heavy and felt light headed. He was struggling now to stay awake until the ambulance arrived.
John hummed softly, tilting his head over. He never wanted to shower alone again. He licked his lips and followed Sherlock out of the shower, grabbing himself a towel. "You are such a tease," he said, pinching Sherlock's arse.
John had been nervous to go inside, he had to admit. But of all the things he thought might happen, he never expected the response they got. He smiled wide and looked up at Sherlock, seeing his eyes shining with the beginnings of tears. And it only made him all the happier. Sherlock deserved this, after everything he'd been through before they had met. Finally, he wouldn't feel like no one cared.
"Yes... That's right, love." Sherlock reached his hand up to the back of his lover's head, twining his fingers into the hair there. "Take your other hand and rub your finger behind your balls. Don't touch your arsehole yet, not until I tell you to."
John's anger flared as he remembered the words. "He said, 'Freak'- meaning Sherlock- 'thinks he's better than us and we're teaching him a lesson.' Then he punched Sherlock in the face."
"Mmm," Sherlock hummed against John's skin, "you're the only one who will ever experience them." He nuzzled the side of John's neck for a few moments, but froze. "John? What time does your father wake up?" he murmured softly.
Sherlock kept crying, making soft, sad sounds as he kept his hold on John. He screwed his eyes shut and allowed himself to be rocked, trying to let it calm him.
"Yes it is, I was so excited to be able to dance with you again and... show you off... that I didn't think of how much seeing all these drunk people would affect you. I'm so sorry..." Sherlock lifted John's head and kissed him softly on the lips. "I can call Myc to come get us," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
John slept happily through the night and woke the next morning to the gentle caresses of Sherlock's lips. He smiled and kissed him back lazily when they finally landed on his lips, only to groan at the prospect of going to school. "Do we have to? I'm happy right here," he said, snuggling into Sherlock further.
Sherlock beamed down at his husband, "yes, you are... In so many ways, love." He leaned down to press a loving kiss to John's lips as they danced.
Sherlock smiled and nudged John with his shoulder as he continued to eat. A few minutes later, Mary Morstan walked over smiling at them. "Hey, guys! How's my favourite couple?" She sat down across from them and laid down her tray.
John massaged Sherlock's scalp as he bobbed his head, letting out a sound of discontent when Sherlock pulled off. As the other boy came up to kiss him, he ground upwards towards his hips, letting their cocks rub together.
Sherlock bit his lip and looked away, letting his fingers graze across the top of the flowers. He was embarrassed to admit it, but he was still terrified that there was a chance John might still leave him. He nodded slowly, "I..." he paused, trying to think of the best way to word this. He sighed heavily before turning back and looking John in the eyes.
John chuckled a little at Sherlock's exclamation and he led him out to the car park. As they walked towards the end of the lot, John answered him. "My father got a new job in the city and we had to move closer. It's a lot different from where we used to live. We were out in the country before." They walked towards the outer edge of the lot, not to a car but to a motor bike. John turned back to Sherlock with a sheepish smile. "I hope you don't mind. It's a lot easier to have one of these in London than a car."
John was glad to finally be able to hug Sherlock and he held him tightly as soon as he was over. He listened and nodded firmly after Ms. Rodin had spoken and gave her a quick 'thank you' as she was leaving.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and closed his eyes, his chest still heaving. "God, that was wonderful." He lifted his head after a while and smiled down at his lover before cupping his cheek and kissing him softly.
Sherlock kissed John on the forehead and stroked the back of his head. "I love you too, John... I love you, too."
John obliged, moving further down on Sherlock. He got halfway before he stopped, lolling his tongue over the rough skin. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew Sherlock was going to get back at him for the teasing. But it was too much fun to resist.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, "yes, I'd have to agree on that. I think that's been proven, yeah? We're right here together even after all we've been through." He smiled again and ran his fingers through his new fiance's hair before pulling him in for a deep, loving kiss.
John pulled his fingers out and flipped Sherlock around, pressing him against the wall. He ground his cock against his fiancé's arse and then moved himself inside. "Oh,
John grinned. "Yes. Anything at all." He was actually excited about this himself. He was certain Sherlock could be very creative if he wanted to be.
Sherlock kissed his husband back, pulling him back in for another kiss once they parted. "Mmm... I really can't wait to get you to the hotel," he murmured against John's lips.
Sherlock smiled, "John," he said softly. His voice still wasn't fully back yet, so it was raspy, but he brought his hand up and cupped John's cheek, saying the words he never thought he'd get to again. "I love you."
Sherlock relaxed, glad John didn't ask him what he meant. That was a part of his past he wasn't sure John could accept. "Don't linger on them," he said, sensing what John was trying to do, "you give them more power when you do that. Just... think about something else, something that makes you happy."
was that?!" She yelled, rubbing the bridge of her nose.
John whimpered into the kiss, his mouth falling completely open to let his lover in. He pushed down Sherlock's pants and trousers, leaving the two of them bare from the waist down. Pulling back from the kiss to breathe, John let his head fall back to the pillow and groaned. "Please, Sherlock...God, I need you."
John's heart went out to the boy when he saw him flinch at his touch, but he was glad that he didn't try to move away. "Come on. I know how to fix your nose up." He offered the boy a smile and held out his hand. Now that he wasn't trying to protect him, he got a good look at him. His eyes were a piercing blue-green that he'd never seen before on a person, and his hair was a complete mess of curls in all directions, but it seemed to work for him. Not to mention he had some prominent cheekbones. He mentally scolded himself for thinking this, though. He wasn't gay... Not really anyway.
John heard a knock at the door and went to open it, finding a man standing with a garment bag. "Um, hello?"
, yes..." Sherlock groaned softly and gripped harder to the arms of the seat. His breathing quickened and he had his eyes screwed shut against the pleasure his husband was giving him. He wanted so much more, but knew John would tease him relentlessly after what he did to him.
"I guess so," John murmured, tilting his head enough to capture Sherlock's lips in a firm kiss.
Sherlock suddenly stopped crying and his arms loosened around his legs. He let John lift his head, but he was staring blankly off at the doorway. "Is he going to be okay?" Mary said softly, frowning and brow furrowed. His eyes looked glazed over and the only movement was him blinking occasionally.
, John..." Sherlock whimpered and held tightly to the other boy. A few more tears fell down his cheeks and he threw his head back, closing his eyes. He focused his entire being on John; his words, his touches... everything.
John nodded emphatically. "You should feel it from my end," he said with a lopsided grin. He looked down at the floor and grabbed the tie he was wearing before. "I think this is the best we can do right now," he said, handing it to Sherlock before slumping back again. He didn't want to move an inch. Actually he didn't think he could.
John kissed Sherlock back, tensing a bit as his hand moved toward his side. But Sherlock was careful and the areas he touched just tingled with the sensation of the loving caress. He relaxed again, enjoying the attention and letting Sherlock take the lead on the kiss. He was still tired and he couldn't move too much without extra pain. And part of him liked being doted on by Sherlock.
John nodded, "they're trying him for attempted murder," he said. "We'll never have to worry about him again." He again found himself thinking about exactly what he would do if he ever saw the face of that low-life again, but he shook the thoughts away for the moment.
John arched into Sherlock's touches, grinding slowly against his lover. As Sherlock worked off his trousers, he kissed down his neck, biting hard on his pulse. He dragged his hands down Sherlock's back to clutch his arse.
When they stood up to say goodnight, John waited until Sherlock had hugged his mother and then stepped forward to shake her hand again. "This was wonderful," he said sincerely. "Thank you for having me, Mrs. Holmes."
"Oh, John..." Sherlock moaned and continued to roll his hips. It was so easy to get lost in the sensations of his lover's mouth on his skin, his body beneath him and the various sounds coming from him. He loved to hear each and every breath, each moan and each whimper. It turned him on more than anything ever could.
The sound of a gunshot rang throughout the hallway and Sherlock felt a sharp pain in his side as he collapsed on the ground. Sebastian's eyes got wide at the sight of blood and he dropped the gun before running away.
John smirked a little as they began to sway to the piece. He'd become much better at formal dancing over the years. "Am I really so inspirational?" he asked, settling his chin on Sherlock so he could look up at him.
"Okay, so... While Sherlock was recovering, you continued to go to school, correct? How did Moran react to seeing you again?" Ms. Rodin questioned.
Mycroft sighed dramatically, "I suppose," he grabbed his keys and headed out the door, "come on, then." Sherlock followed him out to the car and shoved the envelope in his inner jacket pocket before buckling up.
John had collapsed against Sherlock, breathing heavily. When he could finally speak he looked up at Sherlock and just shook his head in wonder. "Incredible..." he breathed, and then settled his head on Sherlock's chest. He had no intention of moving from that spot or away from Sherlock ever.
Sherlock nodded, "I know... I guess I'm just so used to having to hide it and having to deal with it alone." He leaned down and kissed John on the lips, "I'll try to be open with you about it from now on."
Mr. Watson grinned at him and patted Sherlock on the back. "Don't mention it. Now sit down and eat. You need some meat on those bones." John laughed a little and resumed his seat. He may have been missing a mother figure for a long time, but he was glad that he had his father instead of her.
John flinched a little at the temperature change, but quickly relaxed, leaning back against Sherlock with a lazy smile. "Yes, I agree. Mmm, that feels good..." He closed his eyes and let Sherlock work out the knots in his shoulders.
John laughed and returned the embrace. "After I write a novel and go to the moon." He poked his tongue out at Sherlock, then wiggled away, floating on his back.
much," he murmured. After he was able to catch his breath and slow his heart rate back to normal, he turned over onto his lover and gave him a passionate kiss. "Allow me to return the favour," he whispered and leaned down to kiss John's neck.
John giggled and stepped out. "Why thank you, darling." He went to the towel rack and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around himself.
Sherlock moaned at the new angle and clutched tightly to his lover's back, dragging his nails across his skin. "John... Oh God,
Sherlock watched as she put the papers in her briefcase and right as she was about to leave, he spoke up. "He doesn't deserve you," he said firmly.
John's cheeks went the faintest bit of pink. He'd forgotten about this too, another threat he'd said to Moran. "I told him that if he touched Sherlock again I would let him know what it felt like to be in his position."
John thought back to the conversation. "Well, he was saying that it was our fault, that we ruined his life. I said that he was the one that ruined it because he came after Sherlock and I. And I told him that he shouldn't take it out on us because he couldn't deal with the consequences."
Sherlock moaned and pushed John away, following him back and crashing their lips together. He started working on the other boy's trousers and managed to get them undone and off in record time. He pulled his pants off as well and turned to start the water running.
John swallowed, remembering the conversation, and his cheeks went a bit pink. He hoped that Sherlock wouldn't be upset by that, he was just being stupid. "Well...yes, I did. But that doesn't mean that I would have bullied a gay person if that's what you're implying. I don't agree with picking on people."
"And what did he say?" Ms. Rodin asked, starting to pace.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and scoffed, "Unlike you, Mycroft, we know the meaning of privacy. There will be no snogging in public, we save that for when we are alone." He looked over at John and smirked.
Mycroft opened it and looked at Sherlock with a raised eyebrow, "needing the favour already?"
Sherlock reached up and cupped John's cheek, "don't worry about all that, love. It will all be taken care of," he slid his hand to the back of his fiance's head and pulled him down for a kiss. "I think it will be absolutely wonderful living with you. I look forward to it every day," he murmured against his lover's lips and smiled.
," Sherlock moaned as their full naked bodies came into contact with each other. He grabbed onto his lover's hips, pulling him down into harder thrusts. "M-more...
Sherlock's lips quirked into a smile when John took his hand and he lifted their joined fingers up to his mouth, kissing the back of his fiance's. His mother stood and made a big speech, bursting into tears near the end and causing his father to have to stand and finish it for her.
John lapped at Sherlock's neck, tongue gliding over an older mark he'd left there. "Figured you'd think that." He started sucking a new mark in place just below it. He was glad that they were already naked, because his hands had full access to Sherlock's gorgeous pale body without fumbling with clothes. He ran his hands along his lover's chest and down his sides.
!" he shouted. Sherlock saw Moran's finger move right before he went to pull the trigger and screamed, "No!" shoving John out of the way, knocking him to the floor.
he thought and brought his own fingers to his mouth, wetting them and moving forward. He licked around the head of John's cock for a few moments before sneaking his moistened fingers back behind him and pressing one against his entrance.
"He thought that someone was trying to hurt him," John finished for him. "He separated himself from what he thought was going to happen." It all made sense now. It was scary for him to see Sherlock like that, but at least now he knew better. It was just a defence mechanism.
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up, "I... he..." he stuttered. His mother laughed, "Sherlock dear, you honestly think we didn't know? Come now, you know where you get that intuition from." she winked and to Sherlock's surprise, his father was not angry, but smiling.
"John, where are you? You never came home!" His father was shouting so loud that John had to pull his phone away for a moment.
Sherlock fell asleep with his cheek resting on his fiance's head and a smile on his face. The next morning he woke John gently with soft kisses all over his face before planting one on his lips. "Wake up, beautiful... It's time to get ready for school," he murmured softly.
John cried out when his lover's cock was pressed to his and he bucked into Sherlock's hand. He scratched down Sherlock's back, leaving red trails in the pale skin, and buried his face in his fiance's neck.
John was breathing hard as well, and he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck to hold him there. "Oh,
Sherlock immediately wrapped his arms around his fiancé and let his tears continue to fall. He started shaking with near silent sobs and clung to John with all his might.
John turned with a smile when he heard the door but it instantly disappeared when he realised who it was. "What are you doing here?" he asked, tone defensive. He hoped Sherlock came back soon. He could tell that this girl was trouble, and didn't know what she was capable of.
John immediately rubbed his back, rocking him slowly. "I wish I could have been there for you. I'm afraid we're not going to get a decent night's sleep until we live together."
The next morning, Sherlock woke up before John and slipped out of bed to start getting ready. He scrounged through his closet for an outfit that would fit John, finding an old jumper and a pair of jeans he'd outgrown a couple of summers ago.
He walked over and handed John the smallest shirt and bottoms he had, but the bottoms would most likely still be too long for him. He sat cross legged on the bed next to the other boy and started eating his own brownie.
John looked up at Sherlock, face heating as he was so utterly moved by both the music and what Sherlock said. "I wish...I wish that I could do something like that for you. But I don't have any sort of talent like that. My words will have to be enough to express just how much I feel."
John smiled and kissed the top of Sherlock's head. "It's all thanks to you, love. You saved us." He smoothed a hand along Sherlock's spine slowly, other hand finding Sherlock's and twining their fingers.
much shame. He clung to his fiancé, his tears drenching the other boy's shirt.
After they were done cleaning up, Sherlock grabbed John, wrapping his arms around his waist and kissing him firmly on the lips. He led the other boy back to the dressing area and sat him down on the ottoman. "Wait here, I want to model for you too."
," Mycroft growled. He looked over the boy in the chair, scared and vulnerable, and sighed. "Listen... I know that whatever happened, you didn't mean to do, but I need to know. That's the only way I can get him out of this." He spoke softer and grabbed a chair to sit next to John.
John shook his head. "I'm fine. I don't want to stop." He smiled at the two Holmeses and then turned back to Ms. Rodin. "Please."
When he got to where John was, he sprinted over and knelt in front of him. "Hey... You all right, love?" he said softly, cupping his cheek.
Sherlock sighed, "Mycroft can be... difficult at the best of times. He also has this overwhelming need to protect me and goes to the greatest lengths to make sure I stay safe."
John leaned into the touch, his arms encircling the other boy. "I don't see damages when I look at you. I see a handsome, brilliant, loving, strong, and all around incredible man, who deserves so much more love than he gets. It's my pleasure, my privilege, to love you."
John cried out and thrust up into Sherlock as he came, soon finding his own release inside of his lover. He kept moving until he was totally spent and then slumped back and pulled Sherlock against him.
John swallowed and kissed him back, taking the comfort happily. "I know. I know we are." He put his arm back to where it was, holding Sherlock close to him, relishing in their closeness.
John kissed Sherlock back, running a hand through his hair. "I know, love. But you have me now, and I'll always be there to make you feel better." He stayed quiet for a moment, thinking. He wished there was some way that they could eliminate the memories from Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock moaned softly and swallowed,
Sherlock obliged, slipping his hand under the elastic of John's waistband. He wrapped his fingers completely around the other man's length and started stroking harder, twisting his wrist a little. "I bet it's so hard to stay quiet, isn't it? I bet you want to scream out in pleasure..." he whispered directly in his husband's ear.
"Well, the trial is on Friday," John said. "If it doesn't carry over to Saturday I'm sure we could make it. What do you think, Sherlock?" he asked, turning to his fiance.
Sherlock grinned and gently pushed John off of him so he could stand. Then he grabbed the other boy's hand and led him over to his closet. "All this stuff, is just what I normally wear. I think a lot of it is worn out and may not fit you, but... I want to show you something." He smiled over at John before opening a door at the back of the closet.
Sunday flew by and soon they were at school again. John found himself rather distracted all through his classes as he thought about meeting with Ms. Rodin again that afternoon. He had gotten so defensive when she started asking questions like the other lawyer. If he did that in court, would he look guilty? How would the real lawyer react? He tried to stop himself thinking like that. Sherlock needed him to do this. He had promised to protect him and be brave.
"I pushed Sherlock behind me, and Sebastian started shouting that we had ruined his life. He had been expelled and lost a scholarship because of the attack on me," he explained. "I...I tried to reason with him but...he pulled the trigger and..." John's eyes filled with tears, but he kept going. He needed to keep going. "Sherlock pushed me out of the way," he said, voice high pitched. He turned into his fiance's shoulder.
, I need you," he breathed and continued to rock his hips.
Sherlock smiled as he watched John button his shirt up for him. "What would I do without you?" He chuckled and straightened out his fiancé's collar and brushed off the shoulders of his jacket.
," he said firmly. "I have no intentions of hiding our love from anyone, no matter what they say. I would shout it from the rooftops if I could. I love you more than anything, John Watson and I know it's easy for me to say because I'm not in your situation, but... even if my parents couldn't accept us as easily as they have, I still would have told them."
John groaned a little when Sherlock started fidgeting. "Sherlock...cu'it out..." It took him a second but then he realised that his fiance must be having a nightmare. John sat up and opened his eyes. "Sherlock? Sherlock, love, it's John." He gently shook his shoulder, trying to wake him.
Sherlock laughed and reached over to pat the back of John's hand, "of course, that's our job after all, isn't it Mr. Watson?" He smiled and winked at John's father.
John let out a puff of breath, hugging Sherlock back and pressing his face into his fiance's neck. "Yeah...Yeah, I'm good." He inhaled deeply from his nose, breathing Sherlock in. "Actually this was good. I think I'll be able to keep my head better during the trial."
He gave Sherlock's hand one last squeeze before releasing his grip and standing up. With a deep breath puffed out through his cheeks and squared shoulders, John walked up to the witness stand and stood behind the gate. He could do this. For Sherlock.
John looked up at Sherlock as the other boy rolled them over. He smiled and put a hand to his cheek. "Do anything you like. I trust you." He knew that Sherlock would take good care of him and he would listen if John needed him to stop.
"And Sherlock? Where was he hit, can you show me?" Helen asked and stopped pacing. Sherlock swallowed, he thought they could just move on, but apparently Ms. Rodin wanted every little detail.
arse. The longer he spent in Sherlock's company, the more attracted to him he became. He felt heat shoot downwards as Sherlock took on the new position and he went over to the bed, deciding to straddle Sherlock. "For someone without any experience, you are very good at this," he said, voice a few octaves lower.
Sherlock just smiled and led them to their seats, sneaking a quick squeeze of John's arse as he walked by. He sat them down and put their carry-on luggage overhead and grabbed their blanket, spreading it out over their laps. He waited until the plane took off and then let his hand wander over to his husband's thigh.
Sherlock complied, grabbing tightly to his lover's hips and pounding into him. He moaned loudly and looked over in the mirrors to watch himself slide in and out of John's entrance.
Sherlock almost stood up, almost ran over to John to hold his hand, but he didn't. He stayed put and looked over at John lovingly, doing what he could to support him. He mouthed 'I love you', hoping that the other boy saw him as he continued to speak.
As Sherlock spoke John couldn't help but smile. He always knew just what to say. When he was finished he hugged Sherlock tightly. "Thank you." He pressed his face into his fiancé's neck. "But please don't tickle me."
John mouth fell open at the sight of the room. He was sure there were enough clothes there to open a small boutique. Shoes of every style and colour were neatly lined along the floor, a rack of belts took up a small space of wall. There was even what looked like a jewelry stand, though it was filled with watches and cuff links. In the centre was a large, round ottoman-style seat, and in a corner, a stand with full length mirrors surrounding it. He looked back at Sherlock and wound up just shaking his head. "I shouldn't be surprised, I really shouldn't, but...wow."
"Sebastian dropped the gun and ran," he said, voice still a bit choked. "And I called for an ambulance..." He pressed a finger to his own wrist, just to feel a heartbeat, pretending it was Sherlock's. "Then I held Sherlock...u-until he blacked out," John continued slowly. "I thought he had died." It was nearly a whisper, and he didn't know if anyone had really heard it.
"Da, please..." He handed the last of the dishes over to Sherlock to dry.
After adding a third finger and stretching John some more, Sherlock removed them and spit into his hand to slick up his cock. "Ready?" he asked quietly and positioned himself at his lover's entrance.
Sherlock shook his head, "no, I'm not," he murmured, looking down at their joined hands. He knew better than to lie to John again, his fiancé knew him better than anyone. "I really want your father to like me. I realise that sounds completely juvenile, but... I do." He bit his lip and rubbed his thumbs along the back of the other boy's hands.
John bit his lip a little. He hadn't told his father the exact reason why he'd been attacked by Moran. "It's not your fault, Sherlock, it's mine," he said quickly, trying to recover. "I pushed my luck with him, so he got angry. It wouldn't be the first time that I pushed someone to the limit, eh, Da?"
the most amazing, kind, wonderful man that I've ever met." He offered John a smile and leaned in to kiss his lips again.
John let his hand fall away, feeling terrible. He sighed and turned away. "I'm sorry." He looked out the opposite window, trying to understand what he could have done wrong to make Sherlock so upset.
John watched, enjoying the slow reveal of his lover's body. When he was finally bare, John stepped forward and walked him backwards, pushing him onto the bed. "Lift your arms, love," he said, and once Sherlock had done so, he tied each wrist with a scarf. He kept it loose enough for him to pull out if he really needed to, but tight enough that it wouldn't be too easy. Then he tied up Sherlock's ankles the same and straddled him.
Sherlock let out a breathless chuckle, "I'm glad you thought so, love. It was quite... arousing seeing you come apart by my hand." He turned his head to smile at John. Lifting his hand up, he grimaced, "I guess I should probably clean this up."
Sherlock kept bucking his hips back and forth, thrusting up into John's mouth before rocking back and impaling himself on his finger. His orgasm hit him hard and he cried out John's name as he trembled through his release.
what caused it, that would damage him too. Do you understand?"
"Mycroft," Sherlock spat. "Sherlock," his brother replied. The elder Holmes looked John up and down for several moments before nodding swiftly and stepping past them into the dining hall.
Sherlock was both excited and apprehensive at the prospect of being so tightly pressed against John and he felt his heart rate increase again. He gave John a smile in return, "Of course, no problem. I live out on the edge of the city, 418 Holmes Court. It's um... a big house. Kind of hard to miss," he chuckled nervously.
Sherlock smirked and nipped at John's earlobe. "I have been thinking about how wonderful you looked this morning. Naked and dripping wet. I had to try so very hard not to ravage you in that shower. Not to push you against the wall and just have my way with you."
John's cheeks took on a rosy glow as he realised that this was the song playing the first time they made love. He took Sherlock's hand and smiled, moving in close to him when they made it on the floor. He was getting the hang of dancing now, and really enjoying it as well. He rested his head on Sherlock's chest as they swayed to the music.
obvious... but it was to me." He kissed John on the forehead, "what would you like to do now, love? Did your father say you could spend the night?"
John took Sherlock's hand under the table and grinned. If they were anything like Mr. and Mrs. Holmes he would be very grateul. They seemed to have a very strong marriage.
John groaned and pushed back into Sherlock's hand. He thrust his fingers into his fiancé's mouth, and when they were sufficiently soaked, he pulled them out and scooted off of Sherlock. He leaned back, spreading his legs, and reached down, moaning as he circled his entrance. "Fuck, Sherlock...you have no idea what you do to me..." He pushed a finger inside with a cry. "I-I...oh, God. I can't wait to bounce on your cock." He added a second finger, stretching himself.
Sherlock moaned softly into the kiss and briefly darted his tongue out to caress inside of John's mouth before retreating, still unsure of himself. His hand migrated from John's hip to the small of his back and pulled him even closer, their bodies now flush against each other from head to toe. Sherlock hooked his leg around the other boy's and groaned, his eyes rolling to the back of his head from the pleasure of the contact.
When Sherlock pulled back, he moved forward trying to catch him again. But as he started kissing the bruises, John just laid back and let out a soft hum. Every spot he touched tingled with relief from the pain. "I love you..."
Sherlock panted and laughed, "yeah... Shit, I think I'll need to wash my sheets again." He removed his fingers from his arse and wiped them dry on the bed so he could grab his phone. "Wow... we'll definitely have to do that again sometime," he breathed and let his head fall back on the pillow.
John took deep breaths trying to calm his pounding heart. He couldn't think of anything to say to describe such an amazing experience so when Sherlock spoke he just said, "Yeah, that." He chuckled softly and shifted so that he could bury his face in Sherlock's neck, and he trailed soft kisses over the area that he could reach. "I would never think," he said against his skin, "that you were a virgin only a few days ago. You're a fantastic lover."
"Dizzy... but fine," Sherlock murmured, reaching up to rub his head. "What exactly happened?"
"I wish that I could make you beg," John whispered into Sherlock's neck. "I wish I could have you on your hands and knees and fuck you senseless." He started moving his hand faster, wanting to bring him closer.
Sherlock moaned loudly in response and feeling his lover clenching around him, he was soon brought to his own release. His hips jerked sporadically as he came deep inside of the other boy and he grunted with each spurt. When he was finished, he collapsed on top of John, gasping for breath. "Shit... that was hot," he panted.
"Alright. Be careful. Good bye."
John really didn't want to have to leave Sherlock either. So when he asked if he could stay the night, there was no hesitation in his answer. He looked up and smiled softly at him. "Of course. It'll be good for both of us." He pulled away enough to start leading Sherlock towards his bike.
John gasped and arched towards Sherlock's wonderful fingers. He was already so hard from sucking his lover off that this was just making him even more antsy. Though he supposed he deserved it.
Sherlock groaned and started fumbling with John's shirt. He finally got it off and started running his hands along his fiancé's back, pulling him closer to bring their bare chests together.
He increased the speed of his movements, knowing Sherlock must be close to the edge. He wanted him to climax, wanting to take everything he gave.
Sherlock rolled his hips back, trying to get John's fingers inside of him. He whimpered into the kiss and reached down to tug at his fiancé's cock once before letting go, trying to tease him.
Sherlock reached down and undid his own trousers and pants as he worked, managing to kick them off and he released his fiancé's cock, kissing his way back up his torso until he planted one final kiss on his mouth, instantly delving his tongue inside.
"I will, I promise you that," Sherlock said seriously and looked at Mr. Watson, his face conveying just how serious he was about that statement.
John didn't expect Ms. Rodin to want more, but he obliged. "Well...I, um..." He swallowed thickly as the memory brought up all the emotion he'd felt that day. "I held Sherlock as he was bleeding and...he went unconscious." A tear escaped his eye and he wiped it furiously. "Then the paramedics came and the police and Mr. Holmes."
As John lay with his face burrowed against Sherlock, he couldn't see the tears brimming in his eyes. But he was thinking himself along similar lines. Technically speaking, if he and Sherlock hadn't met then John probably would have continued on, dating girls and only later on perhaps discovering that he could like boys as well. But it would be the same result in the end.
Sherlock laughed, "good boy. I should probably let you get some rest, love. We'll see each other tomorrow, right out front," he said and yawned a little.
John's blush only darkened when Sherlock asked him about dating. Oh, if only he knew who he wanted to date now. What would he think? "Well, I haven't really talked with many girls since I moved here," he said. "And dating hasn't been the first thing on my mind lately anyway. I've been trying to get good enough grades to get some kind of scholarship or I don't know how I'm going to go to Uni." That was absolutely true, of course. Much as he was now feeling like he wanted to date Sherlock, before he hadn't been trying to find anyone. It just didn't seem that important at the time.
Sherlock grinned wider and stepped beside John, reaching over and covering his eyes with his hands. He carefully led the shorter boy through the remainder of the woods.
"I never thought I'd say this, but... thank goodness for my big mouth," Sherlock said and chuckled, nuzzling into the top of John's head.
"My pleasure." John rolled off the bed, landing on his feet and holding out a hand for Sherlock. "I have to warn you though. My shower is a bit tight."
"Well, I don't know about a stick, but I think father has a cane he doesn't use..." Sherlock joked and smiled brightly down at John.
John took the seat offered him and grabbed a few pieces of toast and some bacon and eggs. He turned to look at Sherlock, frowning when his father said that he was actually screaming from the nightmares. He swallowed what was in his mouth, and put a hand on Sherlock's knee. "You can call me next time," he said softly. "I don't want you to have to go through that alone."
By the time Sherlock finished humming the song, Mycroft had re-entered the room. He looked up at his older brother, "did you ask him?" he said softly, trying not to wake John. Mycroft nodded, "and?..." Sherlock said, looking at him expectantly. Mycroft cracked a small grin, "He said he'd take care of it, if it came to that."
Sherlock let out another moan as their cocks slid against each other, loving the feeling of it. He gasped when John turned them over and let his eyes flutter closed as his boyfriend slid his fingers all along his body. "John..." he moaned quietly and bit his lip.
When they reached the front of the school, Sherlock looked around for John, but didn't see him. He sat on the steps and waited, checking his watch every couple minutes.
Sherlock groaned at the sight of John's arsehole stretched around his own fingers. And his words...
Sherlock squeezed John's hand reassuringly and led him to the head of the table where his mum was already seated. "Well, Sherlock... Your brother told me you had a friend coming to join us! Hello dear, it's so nice to meet you! I'm Sherlock's mother, you can call me mum if you like." She smiled brightly at John and gestured for them to have a seat. Sherlock pulled a chair out for John next to his usual spot.
going to snap out of this... we need to get someone else. You've done what you could... Now
After the lawyer had left and Sherlock's father went with her to walk her out, Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around John. "Are you okay, love?" he murmured softly into his hair.
They sat for a while, silently keeping vigil over John. It was about an hour before he started to stir. God, did that hurt. In fact, everything hurt. He groaned and opened his eyes, Sherlock swimming into his vision first, and he smiled weakly. But then he noticed the presence of Mycroft and..."Da?' he rasped, eyes widening.
yes, John... God... You're
Sherlock shivered at the idea and smiled down at John, "that sounds... delicious." He started eating the cake off his husband's face as well, giving him open mouthed kisses as he cleaned his face.
Mycroft shook his head, "bad idea... all the other times, you were right there with him when it got bad. So in the back of his mind, he knew it was you who was trying to bring him back. Since he ran away this time..."
John leaned into Sherlock's touch, but he couldn't smile. He hadn't thought about how much it would hurt to be away from Sherlock until he thought about the army. It wasn't even like Uni where they could visit as often as they wanted. He'd be so far away, fighting in whatever war was going on. He wouldn't be able to kiss Sherlock or touch him or hear his voice. "Oh, God, Sherlock..." He leaned forward into Sherlock, pressing his face into the other boy's chest.
John would never have admitted to believing in soulmates before, but there was no question in his mind now. Sherlock was his perfect match, the only person that he could ever be with and be truly happy. He kissed him back passionately, and then kissed the tear from his cheek.
John grinned, glad that Sherlock was getting something that he could actually stomach to drink. He turned back to the view as he waited for his fiance, marveling at how beautiful everything looked, just because the sun had gone down.
Sherlock returned the kiss and beamed down at the other boy before connecting their lips again. He pulled away again with a sigh and grabbed John's hand, lacing their fingers together. "It's time to meet with the lawyer again," he said and squeezed his hand.
"Fuck..." Sherlock swore under his breath and leaned closer to speak in John's ear. "Unless you want me to end up molesting you on the dance floor, I suggest we run to the limo to continue this."
"So he hinted at wanting to attack Sherlock again when he got another chance to?" Ms. Rodin asked, glancing over at the defendant.
"I have heard the accusations... and the evidence. And I have come to a decision." Judge Riddle said, looking out on the crowd. "I find the defendant, Sebastian Moran, guilty of all charges. I hereby sentence you to whole life order, starting immediately..." The crowd cheered and Sherlock let out the breath he was holding.
John still couldn't speak. He just nodded in agreement, surprised that he could move his head. After a few moments of sheer bliss, he brought his arms around Sherlock and hugged him close. "Fantastic," he said, voice raspy from his screaming.
Sherlock pulled John into an embrace and rested his cheek on the top of his head. "You can always call or text me," he murmured and placed a kiss on the other boy's temple.
John whined, squirming and grinding back on Sherlock. "Please..." He opened his eyes, catching their reflections in the mirrors. Sherlock looked so powerful standing behind him that way, truly owning him, and the sight made him whimper, cock throbbing.
John cried out as Sherlock started to grind harder into him and he moved his mouth to a new spot to continue his work. Sherlock had such delectible skin, easy to mark, to show the world that he was loved by John. He nipped and sucked and licked as his hands wandered down towards Sherlock's arse, groping him and effectively bringing him closer.
John understood Sherlock's silent desire and he pulled his finger away, reaching it up for Sherlock to suck on. He honestly felt like he could have fully fucked him right then and there if he hadn't just been sucked off himself.
Sherlock smiled sadly as he took a bite of toast, he felt bad that he had so much while John had so little. It just wasn't fair that someone as amazing as John struggled so much. He shoved his food around his plate, a frown forming on his face.
His mother walked away, leaving them alone and his father patted him on the back, "I don't care who you date, son, as long as they make you happy. You can't choose who you fall in love with, after all, eh?" he winked and Sherlock nodded before he walked away.
Sherlock hummed, "luckily you won't have to." He sighed happily and snuggled into John's neck, "you're amazing as well, love. I couldn't see myself with anyone but you."
Sherlock felt the guilt continue to grow within him, completely unaware of the other boy's thoughts. He sighed shakily and a few tears fell from his eyes and landed on top of John's head before he could reach up and wipe them away without John noticing.
John swallowed hard. The thought of having Sherlock twice in one night only served to increase his arousal. He moved on Sherlock, rolling his hips so their still-covered erections rubbed together deliciously. John moved his hands up to Sherlock's tie, loosening it from his neck so that he could open the buttons on his shirt and reveal that gorgeous pale skin. He bent to start nipping at Sherlock's collarbone.
Sherlock smiled reassuringly and grasped John's chin in his hand. "Nonsense, John... They'll adore you." He kissed the other boy, briefly allowing their tongues to touch before pulling away with a smirk, "just be yourself," he whispered and grabbed John's hand, pulling him out the door to the bathroom to wash up before going to the dining hall.
"Start moving your fingers faster... Tighten your grip on your cock," Sherlock murmured against John's skin. His eyes were riveted downwards, watching his lover's cock slide in and out of his own hand and his finger working in and out of his arse.
John grinned, closing his eyes. "Yes. Together." He yawned softly and burrowed into Sherlock. Tomorrow would be a good day, he could feel it. Slowly he began to drift off, mumbling a soft, "G'night, Sherlock," before he finally fell asleep.
John looked over at Sherlock as the car started to move, feeling guilty. He hadn't wanted to hurt Sherlock's feelings, but he knew that if they got into anything he'd never make it home. He scooted over towards him, putting a hand on his shoulder. "Sherlock?"
he thought to himself as he ran. His big mouth was always getting him in trouble.
Sherlock whined and buried his face in John's neck, "but I don't
"Well... That was... unexpected," Sherlock said once she was gone. He wasn't used to being invited to things, especially by the popular kids.
Sherlock smiled against John's skin and latched onto the junction of his shoulder, sucking and licking. His hands ran across the other boy's sides, hiking the shirt up and touching his bare skin. John's skin was so soft and he loved the feel, as well as the taste of it. He hummed in contentment as he finally released John's neck and began placing kisses on different spots of his face.
"You have a home theatre?" John asked, sitting up a little. "Yes, I want to see it!" He got out of bed and grabbed his shirt, pulling it on and smiling excitedly at Sherlock.
He picked him up and cradled him in his arms. "Hang on, love. I'm calling for help." He quickly dialed for an ambulance and shouted the address before tossing his phone. "Stay with me, Sherlock, listen to me." He was crying, hysterically crying, but he barely noticed. All he could see was Sherlock and so much blood...
"/Shit/," Sherlock breathed and couldn't help but buck his hips against his lover's. "I can't believe... how horny I am on a regular basis now. The things you do to me, John... /God/, you're just entirely irresistible."
"A week before the wedding," Sherlock said and scooted closer to John. "Along with all this..." he handed the satchel over to his husband with a sly grin. "If there's anything else in there you'd like to use now, I certainly wouldn't be opposed."
John didn't exactly go to sleep again but just drifted in and out, warm and sleepy with Sherlock holding him. When Sherlock told him it was time for school, he groaned and snuggled closer. "I don't want to go."
John's face only heated further as he returned the hug, snuggling into Sherlock. He only hoped Sherlock was right. "I love you, too. So much."
John tried to be reassured by Sherlock's words but he was still incredibly nervous. He kept a tight hold on Sherlock's hand, only letting go to wash up in the incredible bathroom. He looked in the mirror, doing his best to fix himself up to look presentable, then followed Sherlock down to the dining hall. As with everything else in the house, it was also huge and beautiful. There was a long table, set with fine china and silverware. Another chandelier hung above them and all around the room were cabinets of crystal figures and paintings hanging on the walls. Swallowing, John gripped Sherlock's hand for support.
Sherlock chuckled, "I suppose that was a logical assumption, given the situation." He smiled and kissed John on the lips again, "now let's see... The first day we met... Well, I also thought you were really handsome, brave and very kind. I also thought about how great you would look without a shirt on." He grinned down at the other boy, "and I was
John felt awful the entire ride to school. He just knew he had done something wrong, but he couldn't figure it out. He had to make it up to Sherlock somehow. He decided that he would stop somewhere after school before he went back to Sherlock's house.
Sherlock blushed and nodded, "yeah, I'm alright. Now touch me or I'm really going to go crazy," he said and chuckled softly.
John knew there was nothing more that he could do besides what he was doing. He rocked him, kissed him, and whispered sweet words of comfort. But hearing Sherlock cry like that was making him want to cry too, and a few tears escaped his eyes. That sick bastard Sebastian...he would pay for everything he'd done, someday.
John smiled up at Sherlock and took his hand to stand. "Well, this is convenient since we're in the shower already," he said with a light laugh. He lifted his hand toward the spray, rinsing off Sherlock's cum where it had splattered on him.
John was just elated. There was no other way to describe the feeling of pure happiness that filled him to see the little gold band on his finger. He admired it with Sherlock, smile never leaving his face. "I don't know," he said. "I wonder how our parents will react."
Sherlock held John while he calmed himself down and when he got on the bike behind him, he hugged him tightly and kissed the back of his neck. "I love you," he murmured.
John felt Sherlock trying to restrain him as Moran holding him down. But he could hear Sherlock's voice and he looked for him wildly. "Sherlock?" he called, which came from his sleeping self more slurred.
John laughed a little and grabbed another rag, soaping it up and slowly washing Sherlock's back. He trailed the rag from his shoulders, down the expanse of his back, to just above his arse. He couldn't help it, Sherlock was just too much fun to tease.
John continued to kiss him, wanting to do what Sherlock had done to him the other day. He nipped gently at the skin and started sucking on the spot. His hand rested on Sherlock's side and smoothed it up and down.
"That's it, love... Let me hear you," Sherlock purred in John's ear and nipped at his earlobe. He swiped his thumb over the slit, gathering the precum and using it to make his hand slick. Just the sight of John coming apart by his touch and the sound of his boyfriend's voice, deep with lust, was making Sherlock hard. He rutted desperately against the sheets, trying to find friction for his aching arousal.
"I'm doing quite well, thanks," Mary said and smiled. "So listen... I'm having a party on Saturday and was wondering if you guys would be able to come. I'd love it if you could make it."
After a few moments, Sherlock began to thrust faster and panted as he threw his head back. "N-now... Oh
- tight little arse..." His breathing was rapid and his strokes frantic as he felt himself closing in.
delicious," he murmured and smirked.
John grinned and moved back to where he was. He mouthed over the center of Sherlock's chest and then moved towards his stomach. Here he left sweet kisses all across the width, very gentle and feather-light. His hands were roaming Sherlock's legs again, smoothing over the soft skin.
"Heard you won the trial, that's so great! I... Oi! What'd I tell you about dancing on the tables, Kev? Gianna, I told you, you're already cut off, ya caner! Sorry... I have to go take care of this, make yourselves at home!" Mary ran off in the direction of a dark skinned girl, sneaking a bottle of vodka from the bar.
John made a soft noise. "God, I wish I could see you." He popped open his trousers, slipping his hand under his boxers. "I would pull off your shirt, maybe lick up and down your chest. Suck on your nipples until they were so red they'd stay that way for a week." He groaned as he stroked himself. "I'm touching too..."
He didn't have any nightmares that night, miraculously and the rest of the week went by without incident. Soon it was Friday and he was sitting on a bench outside the court room with John, grasping tightly to his hand as they waited to go inside.
John nodded, understanding. He gently flipped them over so Sherlock was on his back beneath him. "I'll take care of you first, my love. Tell me if anything is too much for you." He bent to kiss Sherlock, hands working the button of his trousers.
Sherlock sighed and pulled away, "fine... If you insist." He stood and walked towards the door, calling out for Mycroft. Then he closed the door and 'accidentally' knocked off a cup of pens that was sitting on the table next to the door. "Damn," Sherlock said and bent over to start picking them up, making sure his arse was pointed straight in John's direction.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and nodded, not saying a word. His heart started pounding as he looked down at John. It didn't take much to figure out what he was planning on doing.
Sherlock was pacing the foyer as he waited for John and his father to arrive. He was dressed in a deep purple button up shirt that was tailored just for him, so it fit him perfectly. He also had on black dress pants which were also tailored.
He slid their tongues together for a few moments before leaning back and picking John up in his arms and laying him gently on the bed. "Looks like you've got yourself a pretty nice setup here. I'd like to try out the bed sometime when you're feeling up to it." He winked at the other boy and joined him in the bed, laying so they were side by side, facing each other.
Sherlock held John tightly and kissed him on the top of the head, "it's okay, love." He pulled back and cupped his boyfriend's cheek, "do you want to talk about it?" he asked softly.
"Glad you enjoyed yourself," Sherlock smiled and helped John pull his pants and trousers back on. After zipping and buttoning them back up, he kissed his lover on the lips and went to grab some sleep clothes. "Do you want to see the home theatre? We could watch a film before we go to bed."
John blushed a little, looking at Sherlock. "Well, it didn't really matter, boy or girl. Sherlock is Sherlock, and he's my heart."
"Oh. Da, that's terrible. Why didn't you tell me sooner?" John tried to get him to meet his eyes, but he wouldn't.
John relaxed a bit under Sherlock's touches. He was trying not to let himself get too worked up about it, but it wasn't easy. "One night when I was nine...Harry had been in her room, and Da was watching to make sure that she didn't leave the house. He fell asleep." He took a deep breath, focusing on Sherlock's hands, his body surrounding him.
That night, he slept well, dreaming of him and John in the field lying on a blanket and just holding each other.
John nodded, returning Sherlock's embrace and feeling a bit better. "Thank you." He pulled back and took Sherlock's hand as they walked back through the forest to the house. "Is your father here now?" John asked. "I never got the chance to meet him this morning."
, and only you. You're the only person I want to be with, ever. And not even the prettiest girl in the world could change that."
The usher stood near the back of the courtroom and walked up to read the charges. "Sebastian Moran, age 18, being charged with harassment, assault and attempted murder. Being charged by Sherlock Holmes, age 18."
John's father looked up and turned as he heard Sherlock speak. With a deep breath he stood and walked closer to Sherlock, holding out his hand. "I have to apologise for the other day," he said, voice a little choked. "It's just been very difficult since John's mother left us and when he came home with you... it was just a shock." He attempted a smile. "John must really care about you to want to take the chance of my disapproving. You must really be something special."
John cried out, pushing his fingers into Sherlock further as a response to the hit on his prostate. He ground into Sherlock faster, moving to rest his forehead on Sherlock's shoulder as his body started to shake. "So...so close, fuck..."
As soon as the last bell rang, John sprinted from the building to his bike. Luckily, even though he had left it overnight, it was fine. He zoomed out of the car park and into the city to a little flower shop he knew. He found the nicest bouquet he could afford and then rode to Sherlock's house, readying his apology speech. Even though he still had no idea what he had done, it was good to be ready.
..." He could barely speak as he was nearly in tears from the sensation.
Sherlock gave John a kiss on his forehead and reached up to run his fingers through his fiancé's hair. "Back to school tomorrow... Together." He smiled at the thought, he would be able to keep anyone from saying bad things about his fiancé and prove that all the rumours were wrong.
As they approached Sherlock's house- no, mansion- John gaped in shock. Alright, so that street was definitely named after him. That had to be the biggest house he'd ever seen. Suddenly he felt extremely nervous. Compared to Sherlock, John might as well be homeless. Bad enough that they lived in a tiny flat, but his father was actually working two jobs to make ends meet since his mother had left. If Sherlock found out he was poor, would he still want to be friends?
John still hadn't opened his eyes, afraid that if he did a vision of his dying fiance would be lying in front of him, blood pooled, eyes dim. He finally did open them when Ms. Rodin asked her next question, and he nodded silently. He looked at Sherlock and watched the rise and fall of his shoulders, the way his eyes moved.
Sherlock laughed and shook his head, "not afraid as in scared... I'm afraid I won't be able to stop myself from saying something to him. And that I'll have to pull
anything to him did you? Like, start running at him or anything?"
Sherlock moaned as his erection was caught between their bodies. "Oh, God... John," he whimpered and clung tightly to his lover. He would never get tired of this. Being completely connected with John, in the most intimate way possible. Every day he was reminded how lucky he was to have such an amazing man in his life. Sherlock let out a loud groan and dug his nails into the other man's back.
He looked over at John, "that's why I was so happy when he found you, he deserves to have someone to love him and for him to love. I apologise for blowing up at you, but I hated the thought of the person he cared for most hurting him. Something like that would destroy him."
John took the controller in hand and looked it over. "Bit different from my day. The last home console I had was an NES." Sherlock was right, John had no chance now.
"He... he'll be back soon, he just went to talk to someone," Sherlock stuttered and swallowed. Sebastian grinned, "Oh, you mean Mary? Yeah... They'll probably be a while." Sherlock furrowed his brow, "What do you mean?"
"I started after Sebastian attacked me in the showers. I couldn't deal with the memory of it, so I took them to forget..." Mr. Tabling stood, "oh, come on! You can't possibly tell me that you believe he started doing drugs after
John was nearly asleep again when he felt a bit of moisture fall into his hair. And unless Sherlock was drooling on him, he could only guess it was his tears. He pulled back and looked up to see that Sherlock was indeed crying, but he couldn't understand why. "Sherlock?" He kissed the tears away and stroked his fingers down one cheek. "What's wrong?"
Sherlock chuckled, "sleep well, love... I'm pretty tired myself." He wrapped his arm around John's waist and snuggled closer, twining their legs together. It didn't take long for him to drift off, the lack of sleep catching up with him.
Tears were even coming to Helen's eyes now, she couldn't believe that someone would do something like this because of their sexual preference. "What happened next, Sherlock?" she asked softly.
Sherlock pulled himself together as best he could and looked up at John, "No. Please, John... you can't... you can't leave me. I
Sherlock leaned down to kiss his lover deeply, "I'm here, love... We're both here together and we're going to be okay now." He cupped John's cheek again and smiled down at him.
Sherlock chuckled and joined him on the bike, "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, love. After all, it's only natural since the chemistry between us is so..." he leaned close and breathed hotly in John's ear, "electrifying."
Sherlock laughed, "Yes, I suppose she will." He smiled at John as he unwrapped his gift. He opened up the lid and pulled back the tissue paper, his eyes wide. "John... It's beautiful." He pulled out the dark blue cashmere scarf and ran his fingers across it. "I love it... Thank you." He leaned over and gave his fiancé a kiss on the cheek.
John let out a held breath and smiled. "Did you, um, leave them in your other jacket?"
John sighed. "I wish you were coming. I miss you when I have to go to school." He stepped into the shower once the water was on and pulled Sherlock in with him. "Some people think you're dead and that the school is trying to cover it up because they don't want a scandal. And some people think that I was a part of it, even though we were quite obviously snogging that day." It was then that he realised that he and Sherlock had only been together at school for one day before all of Moran's attacks. It was no wonder no one believed him; no one had seen enough proof.
Sherlock sighed happily and placed a kiss to the inside of John's wrist, "I have dreamed of you so much that my arms, grown used to being crossed as I hugged your shadow, would perhaps not bend to the shape of your body. For faced with the real form of what has haunted me and governed me for so many days and years, I would surely become a shadow," Sherlock quoted and placed another kiss, just in the center of John's palm. "That's what you are, John. You're my dream come to life and I'm so glad I finally found you." He spoke softly, holding John close and closing his eyes into the touch on his cheek, holding his hand there.
John hesitated but those words went straight to his crotch. "Fine. But you tell me the first instance of pain if you feel anything, alright?" He started to strip down to nothing but his underpants, and then he kicked them off as well, climbing in bed with Sherlock. "So what is it we're about to try, anyway?"
Sherlock bucked his hips up into the touch and he let loose a loud, throaty moan. His fists were clenched in the bed sheets, "God...
Sherlock was looking at a specimen under his microscope when he heard his mobile go off. His head jerked up and he ran over to grab it. As he read the message, his heart sunk. Things were definitely not good. He sighed and shook his head, typing out a reply.
, yes..." Sherlock whimpered and kept slamming down on his lover's cock. John's words alone were bringing him closer to orgasm. "More... t-tell me more," he begged.
John tried hard not to blush, but he did anyway. He leaned closer to Sherlock, settling in against his side. "Well, you're quite attractive all the time," he murmured, smiling up at him wryly.
John let out a soft moan, rocking slowly against Sherlock. He pulled back from their kiss to breathe, but immediately latched his lips to Sherlock's neck, kissing over old marks and pale skin, making sure to hit every inch of it. He smoothed his hands over Sherlock's chest, to his shoulders, and down again to his sides. When he got there, he pushed the other boy's shirt up from inside his trousers and slipped his hands underneath, repeating the action.
"I know, love," Sherlock murmured and grabbed a pillow. "Just think... once we're out of school and off to Uni... We'll never have to sleep alone." He snuggled into the pillow and sighed. It was a poor substitute, but what could he really do?
John shrugged, letting the man open the door for him and sliding into the limo. "I know you did. But how could I not get my fiance a gift for his eighteenth birthday?" He looked around the interior of the limo, more than a little impressed. The seats were soft leather, there was a small fridge near their feet, and music was playing low in surround sound.
John gladly slumped on top of Sherlock, leaving his face in the other boy's neck. He snuggled further into him when Sherlock embraced him, and returned it easily. "You deserve it," he said. "And a lot more. I love making you feel special."
"By 'managed', you mean you ripped them away from Sherlock, correct?" Ms. Rodin clarified.
John rocked against Sherlock as the kiss became more heated. He let go of Sherlock to started working off his belt, opening his trousers, and pushing down those and his pants. He lifted himself and let the clothes slide to the floor, leaving him completely naked, then pressed in close to Sherlock again.
They all sang Happy Birthday and Sherlock smiled over at John before blowing out the candles. Everyone applauded and his mother and father came over to give him a hug. "What did you wish for, son?" his father asked, smiling down at him. Sherlock shrugged, "I didn't wish for anything. I already have everything I could possibly want." He walked over to John and wrapped his arms around him, hugging him close.
Sherlock hung up his phone and turned on his side to go to sleep. After a couple hours, he started to have nightmares of those first attacks from Moran and the others in the gym showers. He woke up sweating and gasping and was unable to sleep the rest of the night.
Sherlock held on as long as he could but was soon coming hard and fast across John's hand. He cried out his lover's name as he rode through the pleasure.
Sherlock kissed John back, glad to be able to feel something other than pain. "I'm sorry I scared you," he said softly, looking deep into his lover's eyes, "I just... I had to save you. I couldn't let that bastard take you from me."
"Add another finger, twist your wrist a little... That's it, love. Just keep listening to my voice." Sherlock ran his fingers through John's hair and scratched lightly at his scalp. "I love you so much, you're so amazing... So beautiful. You're simply gorgeous like this, when you're so desperate for release.
"Of course. Just as long as I can't hear what you're doing later tonight," Hamish said with a grin.
John felt awful. He had never thought that the defence lawyer would bring those things up, but then again, why shouldn't he? He was trying to make John look bad, and right now, John felt just as bad as he was being portrayed. And now, Moran might walk because he couldn't keep his big mouth shut. When Ms. Rodin had left the room he turned into Sherlock's side, pressing his face to the other boy's shoulder. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I've ruined everything," he said softly, tears welling in his eyes. "I failed you."
"I know. But that doesn't make me feel any better about it." John rubbed Sherlock's back slowly, watching over him to make sure he fell asleep again. He wanted to ask him what had happened, because he couldn't understand what was so terrible that Sherlock couldn't tell him, but he knew he couldn't. He wouldn't force Sherlock to relive those memories.
John smiled, heart warmed and chest swelling in happiness. He snuggled into Sherlock and sighed in content. "I'm lucky I found you. To think one minute could have changed everything and I might have missed out on you."
John grinned and returned the kiss. "You're quite welcome." He went to get some more shampoo, quickly lathering and rinsing. Once he was done, he turned back to Sherlock with a smile. "Ready?"
Sherlock swallowed thickly and shivered, the implications of that were... fascinating. He nodded slowly, "Okay... and if I win?"
Sherlock blushed deeper when John ruffled his hair, but leaned into the touch. Having a sensitive scalp wasn't all bad, after all. "Ah, yes... Mum has always been very affectionate. Dad not so much and Mycroft... well, let's just say the most contact I've had with him is a handshake." He sighed and leaned his head on John's shoulder, "rub my head again?" he asked and smiled sweetly up at him.
John made a soft sound as Sherlock kissed him, easily forgetting the feeling of Irene with his fiance's mouth on his. He hated that he had been kissed by anyone else. It felt wrong, disgusting, to do this with anyone else but Sherlock. John wrapped his arms around the other boy's neck and held him there, letting Sherlock work his magic on him. Much as it wasn't his fault that this had happened, he decided to be more careful around crazy girls. He never wanted to see Sherlock so upset again.
John smiled to see Mrs. Holmes again. She was such a lovely woman and she made him feel welcome. Sherlock's father was quite handsome and he could see now where his boyfriend got his cheekbones. He shook Mr. Holmes's hand and smiled, speaking as politely as he could. "It's nice to meet you as well. Thank you for having us."
!" With a loud, almost inhuman sound, John was coming, spilling onto his hand and the black leather of the ottoman.
John followed Sherlock, glad the school day was finally over. He didn't expect Mary Morstan to be standing in their way, and definitely not asking to speak with him. They'd shared all of two words since he'd transferred there. He wondered what might be going on. Glancing at Sherlock and shrugging, he decided there was no harm in seeing what she wanted. So he let go of his hand with a smile and followed her around a corner. "What is it?"
John smiled at the soft touches and kiss and felt his chest swelling in happiness. "I love you, too." He could stay like this forever and be perfectly content.
John nodded, repeating everything that Mycroft told him in his head. It seemed strange, but he was going to do whatever it took to make sure that Sherlock was alright. "Mycroft," he asked softly. "What makes this happen? Why did he react differently this time?" If this was something that happened before, and could happen again, he wanted to know how to avoid it.
!" He couldn't even form words anymore as sobs wracked his body. Finally the sound of sirens appeared and the door was broken down as not only paramedics but a team of police stormed in.
Sherlock smiled as he watched John dive and swam over to meet him as he came back up. "Well... When are you joining the Olympic diving team?" he teased and wrapped his arms around the other boy.
John pulled his mouth away, moving directly to Sherlock's ear as he stroked his lover as quickly as he could. "Come on, Sherlock. Let it all out. God, I wish you could scream my name."
Sherlock smiled sadly at John, "In case you've forgotten, love... I don't fit in with them either. All these people... they might as well have been forced to come. They could care less that it's a party for me. They all think I'm a freak and are just there to make themselves look good. The only difference about this year... Is that I have you. You're the first one to make me feel like I belong. That I am a perfectly fine person to be and that I don't have to fit in." He looked deeply into John's eyes and smiled after he finished speaking, hoping that he said enough to squash his fears.
John let go with one hand do reach down and grab his balls, rolling them with his palm. "Yes, Sherlock, come. Come for me!" He groaned as he came ever closer, knowing one more move in the right way would do it. "Fuck,
Sherlock took his time divesting his lover of his trousers. He released John's neck, smirking at the dark mark left there and knelt in front of the bed, pulling his trousers down to his ankles. He then leaned up and nuzzled the other boy's crotch through his pants, breathing hotly on the fabric.
Mr. Holmes smiled at his wife and squeezed her hand lightly, "I suppose that's a good sign then," he said and chuckled. The butler brought in their salads and after he had placed them on the table and left, Mr. Holmes turned to John's father. "So, Mr. Watson, what is it you do for a living?"
John smiled, finally understanding what he'd said to set off Sherlock. "I do want to be with you," he said, surprised at how easily it came out. But it was just the truth. He couldn't imagine himself with anyone else for some reason. "I just didn't want to go too far today. We only just met after all, and if we do something, you know,
Sherlock wiped his eyes and continued to smile at John. After they exchanged the usual vows, the minister proclaimed them married and Sherlock leaned down to press their lips together. He wrapped his arms around his new husband's waist and closed his eyes, drowning out everything else but this moment where they truly became one.
"I love you, too, Sherlock Holmes," John murmured, closing his eyes. It wasn't long before the soft sound of their breathing and matching heartbeats soothed him to sleep.
John relaxed, glad Sherlock forgave him and that he seemed to be feeling better. "No, I want to do it now. If you're up for it. Are you feeling better after yesterday?" he asked, looking him over. Sherlock still had some visible cuts and bruises on his face and arms but John couldn't tell how badly it felt to him.
John took deep breaths as he tried to set his bike up with shaking hands. As he was suddenly lifted, he squeaked indignantly and scrambled to try and grab some part of Sherlock. "You crazy git! What are you doing?" He finally settled on grasping Sherlock's arse, pouting as he felt like a sack of potatoes.
Sherlock closed his eyes, "I'm glad you're not struggling anymore," he said softly. He was so happy to see John and his father able to have all the essentials without wondering where the money was going to come from.
Sherlock lifted a hand to John's chin, tilting his head back up to meet his eyes. "I still love you, John. I made some mistakes before we met, too. We've all made mistakes. I can't blame you for trying to fit in, I've tried to myself." He smiled and leaned up to kiss John softly on the lips.
Sherlock fell to the ground and barely had time to react before all the boys started pounding on him. He whimpered John's name over and over as his whole body was pummeled, wracked with pain. He tried to ward them off, but there were so many of them coming at him in different directions. He managed to yell out John's name one last time before a well placed kick to his head knocked him unconscious.
"Go on... pick something out," Sherlock said, sitting down on the ottoman. "I want you to model for me," he said, lowering his tone and winking.
Sherlock made small talk with his mother throughout the meal and though he barely ate anything, he smiled at how much John seemed to be enjoying it all. He even got along very well with his mother and he was grateful that she was so accepting of him and kept him involved in the conversation.
There was a pause and then, "Maybe. I'll check." His father's footsteps moved away, but then turned back. "Did Sherlock go to school already?"
Sherlock let out a low moan and swiftly turned around, wrapping his arms around John's waist and bringing him flush against his body. He put one of his legs in between his fiance's and leaned in close enough so they were sharing the same air.
John returned the kiss with a smile. Everything would be fine. He would protect Sherlock from having to relive those memories and make sure that Moran never touched him again.
Sherlock nodded and smiled, he was really excited to show John where he was taking him. It was a very special place to him and he hoped he liked it. He stood and grabbed John by the hand, dragging him out the door and through the foyer.
Sherlock smiled and leaned into the touch to his cheek. He grabbed hold of John's hand and placed a kiss to the centre of his palm. "Thank you... No one has ever said anything that nice to me before." He beamed at his fiancé as happy tears came to his eyes. How could he ever have doubted this young man's love for him? It was written clearly all over his face in that one moment. Sherlock knew this scarf would forever be his favourite item of clothing.
"Relax... I was just teasing you, love." Sherlock smiled and bent down to kiss John on the cheek as he pulled his pants on. "We don't have to talk about her if you don't want to."
John said goodbye and hung up, sighing. "Guess I'd better get ready."
John whimpered, his head falling back in ecstasy. Sherlock knew just what to do to get him all worked up. He could barely speak through all the sounds the other boy was evoking from him. But he did managed a soft moan of his lover's name.
. Please don't leave..." he whispered brokenly.
"But you did say that if one ever hit on you, that you would; and I'm quoting here, 'punch them in the face'." Sherlock frowned, his brow furrowing. John wouldn't say that... would he?"
"Well, I can't blame him for that." John leaned back as well, enjoying the heat and the closeness with Sherlock. It wasn't long before he was sweating steadily.
Sherlock grinned and leaned down to give John the most passionate kiss he'd ever given, trying his best to steal the breath from him. When he pulled back, he rested their foreheads together and a few tears escaped his eyes. "Thank you," he whispered.
John stayed strong through the ride to the hospital, grip firm on Sherlock's limp hand. He wasn't going to give up yet, not without a fight. The paramedics worked around him, looking scared almost to ask him to move if they needed to get to something. Must be Mr. Holmes' influence, John hadn't realised how powerful it could be. Shaking his head a little he looked back at Sherlock, watching the rise and fall of his chest, thankful for the small movement.
Sherlock pulled back, taking John's hand and squeezing it before they got into the car. He kept a hand at the small of the other boy's back as they walked towards the house and led them up the stairs to his father's office.
Sherlock smiled down at his fiancé. "I guess we should get you ready for school, yeah?" He grabbed John's hand and led him out of the bedroom towards the adjoining bathroom.
Sherlock smiled, "me too, I think they both deserve to be happy."
Sherlock smiled and brushed his fingers across John's forehead. "As are you, love." He leaned forward and kissed the other boy softly on the lips. "I love you so much," he murmured.
John grinned and led Sherlock out to the bathroom. He started the water, looking for some extra towels before stepping in. He wasn't kidding when he said the shower was tight. There was just enough room for them to both stand inside with a centimetre between them.
Author's Note: Well, here it is! Chapter two of our story. This one gets a little intense, so be prepared for some angst! Please R&R, we love hearing from you!
He raised his head and looked into John's eyes, his own searching the other boy's face. His brow furrowed in concentration, "I think... I may be falling in love with you. How can that be? We only just met..." he murmured and shook his head.
John looked over to his father who just smiled, knowing he probably wouldn't be home if he went with Sherlock. "Make sure you two are safe," he said. "That's the most important thing."
Sherlock hummed into the kiss, "oh yes... I enjoyed that
, but they had attached him to a stretcher and were taking him downstairs. Once he was out of sight...John just went limp. There went his one and only, his
... man that I have ever met. So don't you go feeling all down about yourself, okay?" He smiled and leaned forward, kissing him lightly. "I love you."
Sherlock covered John's hands with his own and leaned back into him. "I just... I didn't want you to know I woke up screaming." He sighed and tightened his grip on the other boy, closing his eyes.
Ms. Rodin sighed, "I'm not sure what else we can go over today. I think we all need to regroup and meet again on Monday. If you think of any other details you've left out, write them down and tell me. We can't afford to be surprised by anything in court." She gathered her things and walked out the door, Siger following behind.
, John Watson," he murmured against his lover's lips.
John bit his earlobe and then went back to speaking. "I want to have you everywhere. I want to pin you against the wall, I want to find a secluded corner of the school. Anywhere we are, I would throw you down and fuck you so hard."
Sherlock continued to murmur sweet things to John in French as he undressed him. He connected their lips again after the other man was stripped down to his pants and flipped them so his husband was hovering over him.
looking forward to some hot shower sex." He grinned and winked at John before pulling away and turning them so he was under the shower spray. He leaned his head back, closing his eyes and stretching out his neck, running his hands through his hair to get rid of the suds.
John hummed, so content in this moment. "Agreed. Though I think it has a lot to do with our new marital status." He reached around to take Sherlock's hand, the one with the ring, and kissed his knuckles. "I love you, so very much. My world, my heart, my soul."
Sherlock sat the gift down on the seat beside him and pulled John next to him, wrapping an arm around his waist and kissing him. "Thank you, love," he murmured and smiled. "I'll open it in a little bit, but first..." he reached down into the mini fridge and grabbed a bottle of champagne and two chilled glasses. He handed the glasses to John and worked on popping the bottle open.
John kissed him back and shrugged. "I didn't want to wake you up." He looked up and cupped Sherlock's cheek. "But you had them too?"
Sherlock rested his cheek on top of John's head and hummed in content. "I feel the same about you, dear. Not to mention our sex life is
... t-two weeks in Paris for that," Sherlock whispered back. He could feel himself get closer and groaned, looking around to make sure no one heard it. No one seemed to be paying attention to them, for which he was grateful, because he wasn't sure how much longer he would be able to stay still.
"That next Monday, we went to school together and we didn't hide the fact that we were in a relationship. But Sebastian didn't like that," he said, face going serious again. "After school, Sherlock and I were walking out of the building, and a girl- Mary- came up to me and asked to speak with me alone. I didn't realise it but she was trying to lure me away so Sherlock would be more vulnerable."
Sherlock sat holding John's hand as his mother attempted a speech, bursting into tears just like she did at his birthday. He blushed as Mycroft told stories of his 'little brother, Sherly' and teared up at Mary Morstan's speech. She spoke of how amazing he and John were together and how she considered them both her best friends. He raised his glass for each toast, clinking glasses with his husband (sparkling grape juice for both of them).
Sherlock nodded, "I think so... It will be hard not to say anything to him when we see him in court." He didn't say his name, John would know who he was talking about anyways.
John groaned and sucked on Sherlock's tongue as it invaded his mouth. He was pretty much ready now and continued to rock into his lover's lap, the friction evading him because of the resistance of the water. He whined and pulled back to go back down to Sherlock's neck. "I don't remember their names, I don't even remember their faces. I don't know what it feels like to be had by anyone but you."
John smiled gratefully at Mycroft and got up slowly to get Sherlock some water. He handed him the glass, making sure that none of his movements were sharp or too quick. "There you go, love. Need anything else?"
Sherlock chuckled and put his hands up, backing away. "Alright, alright... Sorry, dear." He smiled and pecked John on the lips.
John hissed a little at Sherlock's nails, and scraped his teeth over Sherlock's cock in response. He grazed him all the way down to the base, taking him in as far as he could go, while slipping his finger up inside of Sherlock at the same time.
About halfway through the film, Sherlock got an idea. He took a piece of popcorn and held it in front of John's mouth, smiling at him. "Open up," he said softly.
"Oh... yeah, I guess that kind of gave it away," he chuckled nervously. Mrs. Holmes beamed and hugged both of them, "Oh, we're so happy for you both!" she squealed, "come on, then... Let's see that ring a bit closer, John." Mrs. Holmes smiled and held out her hand.
Sherlock sighed and frowned, "fine... As you wish... Doctor Watson," he smirked as he said it and winked. "I submit myself to your care," he murmured huskily and laid back, his arms spread out by his sides.
After several minutes the friction just wasn't enough and Sherlock growled and pulled away, taking two of his fingers and sucking on them before reaching behind himself and pushing one of them inside his entrance. "I want you to fuck me," he panted, head thrown back, "I want you to pound into me John... I want to feel you deep inside me, just like this." At the end of his last sentence he took both of his fingers and shoved them deep into his own arse, leaning himself to the side so John had a perfect view of what he was doing.
"God, John... You just get me so hot, I want to rip your clothes off every time I see you. Even when I watch you eat, I just want to take you. Every part of your body turns me on," Sherlock groaned and gripped tighter to John's hips, grinding up into him.
"Oh..." Sherlock gasped and was caught between wanting to buck up into John's mouth and push back onto his finger so he rolled his hips forward and then back, trying to let his boyfriend know that he wanted it all.
," he groaned and collapsed on top of his fiancé, pushing him down onto the bed.
Sherlock slipped out of his trousers and turned to face John, "Usually, yes... Although I don't really eat that much. Tonight was the first time I've had anything since... Hmmm... Tuesday?" He turned to grab a couple shirts from the drawer and turned back, still standing there in just his black cotton pants. "What size shirt do you wear?" he asked John.
he thought. Ms. Rodin nodded and took more notes, "Alright, so you were able to get Sherlock to the hospital after the attack... Now, what happened the day he came after you?"
John nearly cried in relief. He put Sherlock in and climbed in after, shutting the door so they could speed off. John held Sherlock's unconscious form close to him as tears finally fell. "This is all my fault. I shouldn't have left him alone. God, I'm such an idiot." He rubbed his fists against his eyes, trying to calm down.
John let out a breath through his nose. Keep calm. Don't let your temper go. He looked up at Sebastian with a forced smile plastered onto his face. "
Sherlock swayed back and forth as he played, getting lost in the music. He opened his eyes and looked over at the bed to see John looking back at him. He locked gazes with him and his mouth quirked into a soft smile as the song drew to a close.
"I just can't believe it... I overheard mum and dad talking about it and they said I
"Listen to me, Sherlock Holmes. You are my entire world, the other half of my soul. You have no idea how shattered I was when I thought you were..." He swallowed before continuing. "The point is, I love you with every fibre of my being. I love your strengths and I love your weaknesses. Nothing and no one can ever change that. All right?" John smiled softly as he continued to smooth his thumbs on Sherlock's face, catching a few stray tears.
Sherlock moaned and wrapped one hand around the back of John's neck, pulling him closer and pressing their torsos together. His other hand migrated to his lover's hip and he held on tight. "Hang on for me, love," he whispered, continuing to thrust and bring himself closer.
Mycroft nodded firmly and released John's hand. "I want you to know that after tonight, you will no longer have to worry about Irene Adler. She will be out of the way for good." Mycroft smiled and walked away without explaining further.
Sherlock smiled and wrapped his own arms around John. "Good, because I'm keeping you... forever," he said softly and hugged the other boy closer to him, resting his head on his shoulder.
like at my birthday party." He leaned in to whisper into John's ear, "I really can't wait to grind against you on the dance floor again," he murmured huskily.
John grunted into Sherlock's mouth as he stretched his lover. Finally, he pulled his fingers out and grabbed his own cock, using the precum there to slick himself before positioning at Sherlock's entrance. With a groan he pushed in slowly until he was as deep as he could go.
John's jaw dropped at the sight of the theatre. He had seen on the telly once or twice people who had put a theatre in their house, but in person it was even more impressive. He followed Sherlock down to the DVD closet and looked through the choices. "I...I don't even know. I don't think my mind is working well enough yet to pick. This is fantastic!" He turned to Sherlock and kissed his cheek, wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist. "Why don't you pick? Surprise me."
John let out a sigh of relief through the kiss. He still felt like a jerk, but at least Sherlock didn't blame him. That made him feel a bit better. After a moment he pulled away, resting his forehead against his fiance's. "I'm also sorry...so sorry...that he ever touched you." He stroked his fingers down Sherlock's face as his eyes started to glisten with tears again. "But I also want to tell you how much I admire you. I can't think of anyone who would even still be here after everything that you've had to deal with. You're so strong, so brave...You're my hero." He gave Sherlock a watery smile.
Sherlock hummed in content, "so, what can we do to occupy ourselves for the rest of the day?" He ran his fingers softly through John's hair and closed his eyes.
Sherlock smirked, "Oh yeah? Well, in case you haven't noticed, he feels the same about me as I do about him, so just piss off Moran." Sebastian raised an eyebrow, "Oh, I see. We'll just have to do this the hard way then." He grabbed Sherlock's apple off his tray and bit into it violently before turning and walking away.
John bobbed his head fast, groaning and swallowing around Sherlock to add to the effect. His finger thrust in further and curled, looking for his lover's prostate. When he found it, he rubbed the tip of his finger over it, even though he risked Sherlock screaming.
Sherlock gasped and pulled John closer, reaching his free hand back behind his lover. He leaned down to lock their lips together in a wet kiss. His tongue reached out for John's and stroked against it as he slid his fingers up and down the other boy's crack teasingly.
"I'll dance for you in private this time," Sherlock said and smiled seductively at his fiancé. He started rolling his hips again, standing just a couple feet from the chair that John was sitting in.
He looked up at the clock and realised that it had been nearly a quarter of an hour and Sherlock wasn't there yet. Just as he was about to get up and find him, his fiancé walked in, looking worse for wear. John met him across the floor and grabbed his hand. "What's wrong, love?"
Sherlock spent his morning catching up in each class. He was able to finish all the work he'd been assigned while absent as well as the current assignments all before lunch. He sat down in the cafe and waited for John to get there, not bothering to grab any food but an apple because he knew his fiancé would fuss if he just didn't eat.
, Sherlock..."
John flushed a little, as snogging in the car reminded him of their escapade in the limo at Sherlock's birthday party. He quickly shook his head, not wanting to dwell on it and then have an awkward erection to deal with. He leaned into Sherlock's side and closed his eyes.
"I know. I'm sorry. I'm coming home soon, I promise."
John didn't have a chance to question Sherlock further about what they were doing before the other boy had fallen asleep. He sighed fondly and kissed the top of Sherlock's head before closing his eyes. It wasn't long before he was asleep as well.
"Never...Though we probably won't be able to go three times in so short a span when we get older," John said with a breathy chuckle. He choked out another groan, already feeling close. It wasn't too hard to finish this time, since it hadn't been that long since they had done it in the hot tub. He rubbed his thumb over their slits, gasping at the feeling.
After a few minutes of that, he pushed up so that their positions were flipped. Putting his hands on either side of Sherlock's head to hold himself up, he started to thrust his hips hard, slamming into Sherlock and trying to get deeper each time.
John hummed a little. "I think Sherlock said something like that once. He said that's why he used before, because certain memories were too hard to get rid of." He realised then that there was a party full of people besides him that knew there was more than just what Sherlock remembered, especially Mary.
John's breath hitched and he whimpered at the feeling. "Please, Sherlock...I need you." He dug his fingers into Sherlock's shoulders to try to keep himself from reaching down and stroking himself.
John smiled back, glad that Sherlock was eating and that he was in a better mood. He finished up his plate, then grabbed everyone's dishes and brought them to the sink, cleaning them up.
Sherlock was about to tell John to hurry the hell up when he felt his lips enclose the tip of his arousal. "
Sherlock released John's hand and ran his fingers through his curls, "Not that I know of," he said, surprised John would want anything to do with him after this. "Why? Did you have something in mind?" He hoped he wasn't misreading things, but it seemed as if John wanted to spend more time with him and he was more than willing, in fact it was the first thing he'd looked forward to since... well, ever.
Sherlock stood and lifted his shirt to show the wound on his side. Helen looked over at him before turning back, "okay, continue please, tell me what happened next."
..." finally, he leaned down and kissed his fiancé deeply.
"Yeah, I think it would be best if he didn't. That would make for awkward conversation," Sherlock said and chuckled. He turned around so John could wash his front and leaned forward to peck his lover on the lips.
"I recall you doing very well dancing with me at my birthday party, you have natural rhythm, that's all it takes." Sherlock turned John so they were facing each other and moved in close, grinding their crotches together as the music continued to play.
Sherlock kissed John back as passionately as he could and kept his eyes open to look back at his boyfriend. "I also promised you I wouldn't ever leave you," he murmured and smiled. "You'll find I never break my promises, John."
Sherlock shook his head, "No, I want to feel you everywhere," he murmured and looked into John's eyes, trying to convey how much he trusted him in just one look.
Sherlock stepped in after John, his front to his lover's back. He reached up to begin massaging his shoulders, leaning forward and kissing the nape of his neck.
Helen finished taking notes and closed the notebook, "I think that should be enough for today. I'll be back tomorrow afternoon to run through questions the other lawyer might ask you." She stood and gathered her things together before holding her hand out towards the boys, "I look forward to helping you put this monster behind bars," she said and gave a sad smile.
"No, no, not that..." He couldn't look John in the eyes, and kept his head bowed. "John...remember that call I got when you were in the hospital? From my boss?"
John clung to Sherlock as he felt his hand fall away. "No... No Sherlock, please!
Sherlock watched as they walked away and shook his head. He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned around. There stood Sebastian and all the other rugby players. Sebastian had that evil smirk he was so good at on his face and backed Sherlock against the lockers.
When he was finished, he pulled the other boy on top of him and kissed him lazily. "Mmmm... that was... wow. I can't even..." he murmured and finally gave up on trying to describe it, just leaning forward and locking their lips together again.
John smirked. He could have fun with this. "Imagine me touching you, everywhere. Every spot that makes you go crazy," he said, voice low. "Go faster. Squeeze just a little tighter."
John pulled the boy up and shrugged a little. "I know I don't have to. But I want to." He looked up at him and could see the almost calculating look in his eyes. It was a bit unnerving, especially because he didn't understand why this boy would be looking at him that way. Unless of course he didn't trust him just yet. John supposed he couldn't blame him for that after the way he had been treated. He gestured for the boy to follow him down the hall, intending to go into the bathroom and clean him up. Luckily he always kept a first aid kit on him. "What's your name?" he asked, glancing at the boy.
Sherlock swallowed thickly as he watched John take off his jumper. "Okay... Maybe that wasn't one of my best ideas..." he murmured. His eyes fixated on his lover's chest and he tightened his fists. As John started working on his nipple again, he groaned and threw his head back, closing his eyes.
When John locked their lips together, Sherlock kissed back hungrily. He lifted one of his hands to grasp the back of his lover's head and bring him closer.
John swirled his tongue in Sherlock's slit, still with just the tip in his mouth. He brought his hands up to push his fiance's legs open further, keeping them on the soft pale skin of his inner thighs. He liked this, liked seeing how far he could go with Sherlock while he had to be quiet.
Sherlock thought as his lover continued to tease him. "At least take off your shirt?" He murmured as he arched up into John's mouth. "Please?"
John stroked Sherlock through his climax as his own approached. The feeling of Sherlock tightening around him and the sounds and movements as he came finally brought his own release, crying out his fiancé's name. He poured out deep inside of Sherlock, the rest of his body trembling with the force of the orgasm.
He held John tighter, tears reaching his eyes as he tried to push away the negative thoughts. He was with him now and nothing was going to change that. He needed to trust that John would always love him.
John was glad to see Sherlock waiting for him at lunch and looking to be in as good of spirits as he was that morning. He sat with him once he got his tray and grinned.
, you're amazing. I'm s-so lucky to have such an amazing lover. Y-you're just so..." He let out a loud cry and threw his head back as he reached the right angle to pound into his prostate with each thrust. "F-fuck..." he breathed, beyond words now.
John felt a lump welling in his throat but he swallowed it down. He opened his mouth to say something, but he knew there was nothing he could say to fix this. The damage was done. So he just bowed his head and left the flat, holding back tears.
Sherlock smirked, "and you're hiding the
Sherlock tried to keep things slow, he really did, but after a few thrusts he just couldn't anymore. He growled and grabbed onto the headboard with one hand while the other grasped at John's hip. He started rocking his hips hard and fast, moaning and panting. "Oh, fuck... John... Oh, God...
"Look, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. John doesn't care about you. All he wants is sex. Now that he has an extremely sexy girl to give it to him, he doesn't need you."
Sherlock moaned softly and pulled away after a few moments, resting their foreheads together. "Okay... unless you want to be late for school, we really have to stop," he murmured.
John moaned and let Sherlock keep going, having a feeling he knew what was coming. And the prospect of it only made him more anxious for it. But he stayed patient, relaxing under the soothing touch of his lover's skilled hands. "Bloody violinist," he muttered with a smirk.
Sherlock spent the whole day in the clearing, picking flowers and listening to the wind. He tried to not think too much about what John had told his father that morning, but even escaping to his mind palace didn't help now that it was filled with all things John Watson.
John nodded. Sherlock was right, of course. There was no reason he should hide it. Worst case scenario would be a little fight and not speaking for a bit. But his father did love him, and he should be happy that he found someone he truly cared about. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. You're right." He looked up into his eyes, biting his lip. "Forgive me?" he asked softly. "I'll bring you home with me right now and we can tell him together, if it will make you happy."
John slept soundly for a little, but soon his dreams began to shift.
Sherlock's eyes widened slightly, he'd thought they'd been one maid short since the shooting and now he knew why. His father must have fired her. Helen turned back to John, "please, continue," she said with her hand stretched out to him.
John watched, only wincing slightly at the shifting he had to do to get his shirt off. He felt each bruise and cut as Sherlock kissed them, but they only felt tingly and warm. He felt as if they were actually healing under Sherlock's touch. He sighed, relaxed, and laid still as Sherlock moved over him.
John kissed him back gently and then settled his face back in Sherlock's hair. "Sorry, but you're a lovely pillow. I'm going to sleep now."
His father sat opposite as John sat in the chair Sherlock had pulled out for him. "Thank you," he said as he pulled himself closer to the table.
"I'm glad," Sherlock whispered, pulling John's face closer, "I want to make you forget having anyone else. God, it makes me sound so selfish, but I do." He locked their lips together and moaned as their tongues collided.
Sherlock growled and locked lips with John again, kissing him deeply and grabbing the back of his head to pull him closer. He let go after several moments, backing away panting. Lust overtook his every sense as he practically ripped off the remainder of their clothing and attacked John with more hungry kisses, grinding their naked arousals together.
John groaned at the feeling of being sheathed inside of Sherlock. Dear God, he was tight, and it caused the friction all around him to be incredible. He slipped his arms under Sherlock's back again, pulling their chests together, feeling like he could just melt into Sherlock and combine into one being with two halves that were missing each other until this very moment.
John was nearly crying in pleasure. He had thought it was great before, but without a condom he could actually
"I love you, too, lad."
Sherlock moaned and captured John's lips in another fierce kiss. They kept snogging until the limo stopped and Sherlock helped his fiancé off his lap. He pulled him out of the vehicle and ran to the front door, dragging the other boy along behind him. They made their way up the stairs, toeing off their shoes and socks. Sherlock almost tripped in his hurry to get to the bathroom.
It took all Sherlock had in him not to sprint the remaining few metres to join his fiancé at the alter, but he managed somehow. When he finally made it, he grabbed onto John's hands and squeezed them, giving reassurance as well as trying to get it. He smiled widely down at him and mouthed 'I love you' before the minister started to speak.
John didn't miss Sherlock pulling away from him and he bit his lip. Had he done something wrong? He hated to leave like this but he did have to go to school. "Alright...I'll see you after school then." He finished getting dressed and stood for a moment, feeling like he should say something but he didn't know what. So he just whispered, "I love you," and left the room.
"Allow me to remedy that," Sherlock murmured and started undoing the buttons on John's shirt. He slowly slid it off and moved to his lover's lips, tangling their tongues together. As soon as the shirt was off, he threw it onto the ottoman and started working on the trousers.
Sherlock released his lover's hips and slid them down his thighs. He pulled off and immediately reached up to grab John's hands, pulling him up and into a standing position. Once he felt like his fiance was stable enough, he took his cock into his mouth and down his throat again, pausing when he had it all the way in. This time, he clasped his hands behind him and looked up at John, silently telling him he had control now.
Sherlock smiled brightly in return, looking down at what was possibly the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. John simply glowed in the early morning sunlight and he stroked a hand down his cheek. "Good morning, John," he murmured and placed a soft kiss on his lips.
He spread John's thighs and bit his lip against the sight. "You have no idea how gorgeous you look right now," he breathed. With his legs spread wide and his cock jutting up between them, eyes dilated and the light sheen of sweat glistening off his face and chest... He looked absolutely ravishing.
"What? You mean we have to...move?" John felt his heart shatter. He couldn't be away from Sherlock, he just couldn't. This was all his fault. If he hadn't instigated, he wouldn't have gotten hurt and Moran wouldn't have beaten him like that.
John nodded and slowly lifted himself, coming down hard on Sherlock. "Oh...oh, fuck..." A tear trailed down John's cheek as he started to move in a steady rhythm. He kept his hands on Sherlock's chest to keep himself in place.
John flushed a bit at Sherlock's words as he left the room and the suggestion lingered in his mind. Someday he'd have to take him up on that. He found the bathroom and showered quickly, dressing before he left to go back to Sherlock's room. John stepped in and leaned back against the doorframe. "Ready for breakfast?"
Sherlock smiled and kissed the top of John's head. "You need to call your father, don't you? That is... if you're still planning on staying the night. I have some sleep clothes you can borrow so you don't have to go all the way home."
They laid in bed talking and exchanging kisses until Sherlock heard John's stomach growl. "Uh oh," he said and grinned at the other boy, "somebody's hungry." He slid down and placed soft kisses all along John's stomach. "I think we need to feed you."
It wasn't Sherlock himself that had caused his father to get upset. It was the fact that Sherlock was a boy and his father had been through so much already because of Harry liking the same gender. Any boy that he might have brought home, or even just telling his father that he fancied boys, would have given the same results.
John let his hands travel down to Sherlock's waist, opening his belt and trousers and slipping them down. He pushed them off onto the floor and then pulled away from his lover's lips. When he saw the faint shine of tears in the corners of Sherlock's eyes, he smiled softly and kissed them away. "I love you, so much," he breathed." You're my heart and soul. My entire world."
As soon as the doorbell rang he jerked his head up and smiled, running to the door. "Hello, Mr. Watson," he said and shook the man's hand. "Hello, John," he beamed at his boyfriend and kissed him on the cheek briefly. "Please, come in."
Sherlock pulled away and frowned down at John, "you too?" He bent and kissed his fiancé on the lips. "You should have called me," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
Sherlock eased John's erection into his mouth, savouring every moment and every sound coming from his lover. He then started bobbing his head in a slow and steady rhythm, keeping things calm and loving.
John was asleep before Sherlock had even spoken, his mind so tired that no dreams came to him.
John whined when Sherlock pulled away and pouted. "Fine. I guess we have to go." He sat up and pecked Sherlock once more before pushing him up so he could get out of bed.
"It's a pleasure, Mr. Watson," Sherlock's mother smiled and shook his hand, "my name is Violet Holmes, this is my husband, Siger." Mr. Holmes took Hamish's hand and grinned, "good to meet you, sir," he said and sat down. "Well, it seems our boys have taken quite a liking to each other, hmm?" Mrs. Holmes said and winked at Sherlock, chuckling softly.
John scratched the back of his neck and shrugged. "Well, I don't have anything specific in mind, but if you want to hang out..." He looked up at Sherlock nervously. Did he trust him enough to want to spend time with him? Did he even want to spend time with him in the first place? He waited for Sherlock's answer, wringing his hands together.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed again, the tears reaching his eyes and threatening to spill over. "I... notice things. Things that most other people don't and I get a lot of hell for it. People just don't want to hear what I have to say, preferring to stay in the dark rather than be shown the truth about things." He sighed raggedly and felt the first drops of moisture roll down his cheek, "I think too much most of the time and it gets so
John continued, making sure to spend extra time on the newest mark from the night before, kissing it a few times before moving to another spot. He kissed Sherlock's pulse point, feeling the steady beat of his heart beneath his lips and smiling.
Sherlock moaned again, unable to keep his arousal from getting stronger. He sighed contentedly and raised his arms as slowly as he could so he didn't alert his lover and then grabbed onto John's bare arse.
John quite enjoyed having Sherlock in his class, and sitting next to him. It made for an interesting, and entertaining, experience. And he decided that the moment that they got some alone time he was going to show Sherlock exactly how it felt to be teased like that.
Sherlock was steadily moaning around John's cock now and kept thrusting his fingers in and out, working his lover's cock deep in his throat and swallowing like he knew he liked. Growing bold, he added another finger in his fiance's arse and pressed the digits against his prostate, wiggling them rapidly to cause a sort of vibrating effect.
close," Sherlock panted and thrust up into John's hand. He reached up to pull John down into a possessive kiss, thrusting his tongue into his mouth, stroking, tasting,
Sherlock nodded, "okay, take as long as you want. No rush, yeah?" He finished getting dressed and once they were both ready, he took John's hand and laced their fingers together. Smiling, he lifted them to kiss the back of his fiance's hand and walked downstairs with him to the car where Mycroft was waiting.
John was almost there. Sherlock was far too good at making him lose all control. He reached down to grab his own cock, giving himself a few quick strokes to push him all the way over. "Ohh...Oh, fuck!
Helen nodded, "right, okay... The trial is this Friday, as you know. So... let's go through the rest of it, shall we?" She started pacing again, "now, let's talk about the morning that Sebastian broke into Sherlock's house. He came in, holding a gun at you both, correct?"
It was always eyes closed, heads turned away, trying not to think about who this was they were shagging with. Not this time. John didn't feel strange staring back at Sherlock at all, but he did close his eyes to give him tender kisses with each thrust as he felt himself getting closer.
Sherlock shook his head and gave John a lopsided smile, "
Just then, his phone buzzed and he smiled a little. He sent a message back.
John moaned into Sherlock's mouth, barely able to contribute anything to the kiss because his body was so focused on the feeling below his waist. Being wanked off underwater was something totally new, and it felt spectacular.
John could feel Sherlock's emotions in the way he was kissing, so he tried to channel his own back to him. He wanted to reassure him that nothing was going to separate them, and that he cared about Sherlock so much. John hated to see Sherlock so worried that he was going to turn around and leave. He knew that he had a lot of insecurities so it would take a while for him to solidly convince Sherlock that he was here to stay. But that was alright with John. He would keep trying until the end of time.
"Da..." Flushing, John rolled his eyes. "Goodnight." He gave him a hug before leaving with Sherlock
John's heart dropped. He wanted him to leave? "Da-"
"Well, we have the whole flat to ourselves for at least eight hours. No one to hear us, or accidentally stumble in. What could we possibly do..." John moved to straddle Sherlock, putting his hands on the other boy's shoulders.
Sherlock swallowed as fast as he could, licking and sucking until John was limp in his mouth. The increased suction on his own cock brought him that much closer and as he pulled off he cried out John's name as he found his own release.
John smiled widely, "You really like it?" He took the scarf out and tied it gently around Sherlock's neck. "Just like I thought. It really brings out the blue in your eyes." He caressed his fiancé's cheek for a moment. "I know this sounds weird but it reminds me of you. Soft and warm, luxurious and sexy, and very special."
"Oh, it's a bit much, especially when it comes to the upkeep, but we manage." Mrs. Holmes said and laughed softly. "Sherlock, how come you've never mentioned your friend here before? I was beginning to think you didn't have any!" Sherlock felt a lump form in his throat, his parents were blissfully unaware of his struggles to find friends, never having time to actually talk to him. "Well, we actually just met... John was walking down the hall when..." he paused and looked over at John, "when we got off school and we started talking, so I invited him home with me." Sherlock's mother smiled, "Well, it's lovely to have you, John. You're welcome to stay over any time you want. Consider this your second home!" Just then the butler and cook came in with a cart filled with food. The butler passed out bowls of soup while the cook began to carve a large turkey.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he grabbed a pillow, bringing it to cover his mouth while he cried out through his release. Because of all the build up, just the one touch to his prostate brought him to orgasm and his whole body shook with the intensity of it.
Sherlock sighed and smiled, "Good... that's good." Mycroft nodded and left the room. Sherlock held John tighter and kissed his temple, settling in beside him and falling asleep shortly after.
His father popped in and out as well as Sherlock's family, bringing changes of clothes and other things he wanted from home. He ate very little of what Mrs. Holmes brought, and by the fourth day he was nearly falling asleep sitting up.
"Ohhhh, John...
Sherlock looked up at his fiancé and smiled, cupping his cheek. "My hero," he whispered and leaned up to connect their lips. John was so good to him, doing all he could to protect him. He was reminded once again how much he loved the other boy, how much he needed him.
Sherlock stayed silent until John left and then he let the tears start to fall down his cheeks. If John really loved him, he wouldn't be ashamed to tell his father about him and he couldn't get rid of the pain he felt deep in his stomach over it.
," he breathed, trying to keep his tone low.
Sherlock let his hands drop to his sides as his lover lavished his body in kisses. By the time he made it to Sherlock's crotch, he was a quivering, moaning mess.
