"You didn't, um... Are you okay?" He asked quietly, slowly moving to rub gently at Tony's shoulder. "Did I hurt you...?" He said even quieter at a concerned whisper.
"His booboos are from lots of things over the years. Mostly from work." Steve explained for now. "But it causes an invisible booboo in his heart. His Daddy never really made him feel good, so he sometimes feels he doesn't deserve to feel good. We are trying to make that better."
He wasn't surprised to hear a quiet yawn from Peter; Tony gently removed the chemistry book from the hammock and set it on the floor, giving them a little more room.
"The whole reason my dad wanted to talk to me was because of rumors that you and I were a 'thing'. I told him the whole conversation could have been avoided, that even though I liked you I was pretty confident you were straight and narrow.".
"C'mere, baby bear, before you pee yourself," He chuckled, letting the boy clamber onto the couch and snuggle up to his chest.
"This place honestly has more than I thought a place could have." Steve hummed thoughtfully, sticking close to Tony. "It’s overwhelming for someone who isn't used to all of this."
"That's good then." Steve said, handing Tony the screwdriver and holding a piece in place. "Now you have some extra tools to work with, too. Y'know, when you do your engineer-y stuff." He hummed.
"Uh-huh. He's sleepin'," Peter whispered, "Can I go to bed now, Papa? Daddy gave me ano'der paper t'wead an' m'almost done it."
Tony felt the roll of arousal in his stomach at the pet name, walking around to the other side of the desk to get the paddle from the second drawer. "He can ogle all he likes, he's not breaking any rules," He replied, patting Steve's backside with the wood, "Where do you even manage to get away with it? The bathrooms, don't you? Locker rooms?" Tony pulled at the lacy elastic, humming at the sound of it snapping against Steve's skin.
Steve looked down to see the blade, wanting nothing more than to make it just disappear. But he knew better. He knelt down beside the tub, looking to Tony with apologetic eyes.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve shivered with want as he watched Tony's movements, each one of them completely sensual and perfect. Absolutely perfect. It was almost like a dance, really. Always was.
Tony nodded, internally groaning as he felt his dam break, tears dripping down his face. He hiccupped, burying himself in Steve's chest. "Sorry, I just ruined a really great moment," he whispered, "I just--I really,
Once they made it to their home and in the garage, Steve did not want to stay in the car. He quickly grabbed up all their packed bags and waited for Tony to tag along so they could see their boy.
"Peter sure sounds like a bright kid," he added in, watching Pete's face light up, "Don't you think, Stevie?"
"Tony!" Steve said a bit surprised, cheeks going red. "I can't exactly have Bucky pick him up right this second. And we don't even know if he wants to go." He explained softly, biting his lip a bit. "And what if Peter decides to come in here again?"
"He kicked me out of the bed," Tony laughed, handing Sammy back over to Steve, "He told me I took up too much room. Either way, I gotta sew Wade back together. I still can't believe Bucky and Pete fought over it and nearly tore him to shreds."
soulmate, I love you," Tony breathed, "A-ah, Steve, p-please, feel so good, o-oh--" He moaned again, vision starting to blur.
"I hope it was," he murmured, letting the warm water soak his muscles, "You look so gorgeous all bent over."
"I think so. Have us a lazy Sunday." The blond hummed, playing with the baby's hands. "Figured we'd let you recuperate from last night." He smirked playfully, kissing his husband's cheek.
"Yeah, pipsqueak. You can play down in the workshop while I fix your Uncle Buck up," Tony hummed, patting Peter's back, "We all splittin' till dinner?"
"Don't look so sad, lil 'un, I'll get you an ice cream after lunch," Tony chuckled softly, ruffling the boy's hair.
Ever since his 16th birthday, Steve's tattoo has been present. It was ever a reminder that it would be the key to finding his soulmate, as he was told when it appeared. It bared the first words your soulmate would say to you when you first meet, which for most would be tricky to know. Many would have just a
"Of course." Steve grinned back, looking at the frame pieces and getting them in place. "What kind of tools are we needing for this?"
"I t'ink Daddy should cleans by his'self 'cause he made deh mess," Peter pointed out, smirking at Tony.
Smiling softly, he closed the door behind them and went over to the bed, happy to put Peter in Steve's waiting arms.
"Yeah. Yeah, I'll take a hot shower, and I broke my fever at Clint's, but I'll nest in a guest room," he breathed, wiping water off of his face.
"They will get better. We'll make it better, I know we can and will." The blond whispered lovingly. "I know it."
"Of course. I'll go build us all up a big blanket nest in there, I guess." Steve hummed, going towards the guest room to get things started.
"Nothin' to be sorry for." Steve replied, crawling back over above Tony once more and slightly straddling his waist.
would be funny. Peter, call Papa 'Mommy' from now on," Tony joked, turning a grin to Steve that quickly dissolved into a shiver of fear at the look on his face.
"Shhh. There are people listening," Tony hushed him, reaching up to stroke his cheek, "I'll get some stuff done, and hopefully start the Christmas cookies."
"Always am," Tony corrected, wincing as he tried to sit up, "And possibly in need of a back brace. Remind me to install padding in my testing room."
He kissed Steve's cheek, curling up into his body warmth. Humming, Tony tucked his head into Steve's neck, kissing at his pulse. "I love you."
Steve honestly didn't think Tony needed that, but he wasn't going to argue. Tony had a lot of deep set problems that only he himself knew about, so he wouldn't question it.
"These past two days have been weird, and I have seen some weird thiiIIING-- hey!" The genius laughed, feet twitching as Steve played with them. "That tickles!"
"I---" Tony bit his lip, nervously shifting from foot to foot. "I am distracted, Sir," he continued, "Very, very distracted. I can't help it."
Tony ran a stressed hand through his hair, observing the sight in front of him. He was sure it was Steve because of the face, but the rest of the body washed up on the beach was very off-putting.
"I'll text them all and let them know and we'll deal tomorrow." The blond hummed, typing the group message on his phone.
"Fuck--" Tony greedily moaned into the kiss, scratching his nails down Steve's back. He lifted Steve up slightly, giving himself room to thrust up into him.
"Um," he started, "I'll need to talk with Tony about it before we decide. So we'll do that and call you all back, okay? Sound good?"
"Wall," Tony grinned, "Then counter. Then shower, and hopefully, desk, if we're not completely spent."
Steve nodded through a moan, lying face down on the desk to muffle the noise. It did hurt a little at first, but the pain all just transitioned into straight pleasure. He eventually caught up, moving his hips back against Tony's in time with his movements.
"Mmm, lots of things I wanna try when you want to," Tony mumbled, a flush on his cheeks, "Just...stuff." He buried his embarrassed face in Steve's chest, trying to stop the heat from spreading.
"Hmm..." Steve hummed thoughtfully, leaning into the touch happily. "You always so touch craving. I love it." He grinned playfully, trailing fingers along Tony's sides.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly, kissing him back. "Breakfast is a yes. The morning sex is a maybe. Just because you're hurt. We'll see--" he grinned softly.
"We must take evasive action! Don't worry, my love! I'll save you from the mini-monster's attack!" He said playing, moving Tony onto the couch as a barrier.
Steve hummed sleepily as he felt the touches, shuffling softly before he slowly opened his eyes and peered at Tony.
Tony sat down in a huff. It was eerily quiet in the room, with Howard staring at him with complete seriousness. Tony stared back apathetically. After a few more moments of silence, Tony finally spoke.
Steve grinned at that, shrugging at Peter. "I told you, munchkin; Daddy thinks I'm handsome. He just can't help but kiss me." He chuckled, grabbing some paper and setting it on the table next to the crayons.
"Noted." Steve sighed, running hands along Tony's back soothingly. "What all did you do? I felt something earlier, but I just figured you burnt your fingers or something."
Steve had an amused smile on his lips as he spotted the coffee, moving around the kitchen to get things started.
"You gotta be quiet, Sammy's still sleeping," Tony whispered, scooping up the little bear before going back to their room.
He eyed Tony as the brunet worked himself open. "God, you are always so beautiful." He hummed lovingly, stroking Tony's cheek.
"It might take a few months. We should let Peter get out of school and settled, and maybe talk after the holidays?" Tony suggested, "Take our time."
He suppressed the shiver that ran down his back, giving Steve one last kiss before forcing himself out of bed to pull on sweatpants and a t-shirt.
He stroked Tony's hand with his fingers as they were laced, humming softly. "And that sounds good. What are you wanting to do?"
He hefted up the bassinet and trudged it out of the nursery, carefully bringing it into their room to set up again.
"It'd probably be a good idea to go now before I start on any painting or anything." Steve answered, mentally hoping they get out before anyone showed up. "It'd be a waste of paint at that point."
He slicked up his fingers and gently prod at Steve's hole, carefully slipping one in up to the knuckle.
Tony waited to feel Steve's cock nudge the back of his throat before swallowing, pulling off slowly.
"I think he's good for you, but you really need to hold onto him," he continued, "He's a rocket, but-- god, you know all this, but if what the media says is true, he's way worse off than what he's shared with you."
The blond moaned softly against Tony's lips, back arching further with the third finger added. He let out a gasp when he felt fingers brush over his sweet spot. "There, right there--"
"He appwesiates not'in' but his t'ought of perfe'tion." Steve said through the toothbrush in his mouth, spitting out the toothpaste and rinsing quickly, "And those thoughts are ridiculous. It’s only because of the art and the check that I don't go insane."
"You have nothing to be sorry for, Tony. You are getting more bothered by it than I am waking up." Steve explained, waiting for the acceptance from Tony before he reached out to comfort him. He knew body contact after these nightmares could be touch and go, so lately he has been waiting for the okay before letting the instinct kick in.
He kisses at his husband's face gently, humming softly in thanks and just loving the comfort Tony brings him.
"Yes sir, love it," Tony panted, eagerly putting his hips up in the air, "Love your hands on m'ass, feels so good--"
He lit his pipe and took a long puff, draping himself over his chair so his khakis were tight across his groin. Not one to do things on accident, Tony blew smoke up to the ceiling, carefully watching his partner.
"Pretty great, right?" Tony chuckled, seeing Steve's enjoyment. "And I get some of the best beds. I accept no less."
"He got a bath. He's clean." Steve hummed with the kiss, wrapping arms around Tony and Sammy sweetly. "I just like to give all my favorite boys kisses. If Peter weren't napping, he'd get kisses too."
Steve looked over towards the woman, who smiled softly back at him. He then looked over to Tony who was close by, the brunet nodding back in assurance before going to sit nearby. The water spray on his hair surprised him at first, the blond soon settling under the warm spray. He may have made a small hum of contentment when the beautician started to wash and massage his scalp, because man did it feel good.
"Most people who do aren't under eighteen years old! Most people aren't even STARTING college at that point. Only geniuses and whiz kids do.".
Tony kept it in, slowly getting up and melting into Steve's arms, tucking his head into his neck. He bit back his sobs, body shaking as he gripped to Steve.
“And you are fantastic for not wanting that, Tony. You treat him so well." Steve smiled, continuing his work. "He looks up to you so much. Adores you. He loves his Daddy. Plus, you're his science buddy, so he has fun."
“You seem remarkably calm about this, Steve.” Tony pointed out, glancing over at the blond “Especially for someone who is going to have to deal with 9 more transformations at least until we can get some sort of information.”
"I bet you are. Was a long day today." Steve hummed, ruffling Peter's hair before going to grab the bandages.
"Been a long time," Tony groaned, relaxing under the pressure, "Too damn long." He moaned loud and unashamedly, loosening under Steve's hands.
"M'feets were cold. I wanted socks." Peter said drowsily, grabbing a ball of socks and heading back to the bed. "Morning."
"DUM-E. D-U-M- hyphen E, in all caps. He's one of the robots that I built before MIT. He isn't too bright, but he's a sweetheart for lack of a better term.".
"You don't take kindly with many people, and I always see you charming the women." Steve pointed out, gently pressing his lips against Tony's with a hum of want. "So I assumed. Assumed you'd never even give a man that time of day."
"M'gonna sweep aaaaaall nite," Peter proclaimed around his pizza, "No yellin's gonna wake me up, neither!"
"What do you mean because of yourself?" Steve said with a serious and concerned waver to his voice. "I'd really prefer for you not to bleed at all, if it could be avoided."
"Steve, honey, I love you, but if you sing another chorus of "You are my Sunshine" I'm going to cry again," Tony mumbled, sniffling against Steve's chest.
Steve leaned up and kissed the man's lips gently, grinning up at Tony. "You must really like me in panties, huh?" He asked, raising a brow.
"Great. You're both conniving against me," Tony sighed dramatically, standing and swooping Peter up into his arms, "What a buncha dweebs."
"Maybe I want you to take me up on it." Steve smirked. "Maybe I'll come home from work, still all in uniform, and I can hold you for interrogation. Get you to talk?" He purred.
"Mmm, poor baby." Steve soothed, hugging Tony close. "I know the feeling. I used to have so many bad allergies. Not so many anymore, but they are still there."
"Well, I don't know what all you do." Steve said with a shrug. "I just know it’s all the things that I don't know or understand how to do. I'm just the one to do the heavy lifting."
"Unless you grow one. Which I'm putting down as my birthday present," Tony laughed, smooching Sammy's cheek before buckling him into his high chair and wrapping a bib around him, "Alright, pesty Pete, I'll sit next to you."
Tony rolled his eyes and cleaned himself off, efficiently getting himself done before grabbing the clothes he'd grabbed for Peter, going to find the boy.
Later that evening, after he got off work and showered, Steve went back down to Tony's apartment. The thought of the visit had buzzed around in his mind all day, something to look forward to but at the same time be nervous about. He didn't know exactly how well they would hit it off, but there was no sense in avoiding this. Just get to know the guy.
"Oh my god," Tony snorted, laughing into Steve's chest, "You--Nope. I have nothing to say, otherwise I'll laugh too hard."
“Quite the sniffer, Steve.” Natasha chuckled, tilting her head as she thought for a moment. “Does that mean you can smell us? Is all of us here overloading your sense of smell?”
Steve watched Tony leave with a pang in his chest, taking a breath and heading to Pete's room. He knocked on the door gently. "Peter? May I come in?"
"Okay, it’s just a little cut, bubba." He tried to assure. "We'll clean it up, but it’s definitely gonna bruise and be sore for a while."
"I was certainly hoping I would be able to join you." He hummed, walking over to Tony and smacking his backside. "Meet you there."
He grinned, easily capturing Steve's lips. Steve giggled against Tony's lips, brushing their noses together for a moment.
"After the holidays, I would like you to come back. In the time between now and then I want you to make two lists; one is positive things you believe or say about yourself, the other is positive things others believe and say about you." He explained carefully. "Bring these with you at the next appointment and we are going to compare them, okay?"
"Thank you very much, Doctor Blake. That takes a lot of worry away if this happens again, God forbid." Steve sighed, reaching to take the paper and shake the man's hand.
A couple of weeks had passed. Peter no longer felt he would be replaced by the new baby and he was surely excited for Christmas. He had no idea what was in store for him for his big present, and that made it all the better.
"You got sick lots, too?" Peter said at a whisper, leaning lightly against Tony. Staying leaned up was getting tiring. "Does Papa get sick?"
"Shh, baby. Relax. Let me help ya, okay?" Steve hushed softly and took Tony in deeper, working him slowly and running his tongue over the underside.
"All right then. How about that'll be my half of the punishment and you can add on what you think should be added?" He asked Tony carefully.
"Steve, you don't have to. I am more than capable of doing it for myself. That's why I showed you how, should you need to and I happen to not be around. Its okay."
"Sure, baby. We'll get one on our way out though, okay? We don't want it to get dirty as we walk around, do we?"
"Take all the time you need sweetie," Tony purred, reaching down to slowly pump Steve, "It is our wedding night, after all."
"You didn't fail as a parent, sweetheart. You were being firm but fair, and that's what he needed." He said softly. "It was going to happen eventually. Otherwise he'd be a terror. I... I felt the same. When I was dealing with him and the paint. I thought he'd hate me for it..."
Steve nodded, humming at the touch. "Yeah, I'll be fine. Just sore muscles like doing a heavy work out after not having worked out in a really long time." He explained. "But a massage later sounds fantastic, thanks."
“Geez, pushy." Steve smirked, raising his hips and helping shimmy out his sweats. "And what do you plan to do now, Tony?" He noised softly as Tony caught a nipple between his teeth.
“An egg, Steven. An egg!” Tony emphasized further, sitting on the other side of U on the couch and giving Dodger on the other side the stink eye, “I have quite a few words for you later, mister. You better be a good dad and help with that egg. And you’re sleeping on the floor tonight.”
"Are you trying to tell me he is a mermaid?" Pepper said disbelievingly, crossing her arms. "I know we've seen aliens and gods, but mermaids? Really, Tony?"
"I know, bubby. It’s okay. It was an accident." Steve assured, getting Peter scrubbed down gently. "You get scared? That happens sometimes when people get scared."
"Thank you." He hummed, rolling his eyes at the shirtless comment. "Let’s see, so far I have been a schoolgirl, am going to be an officer, and now you want a lumberjack. Anything else you want on the list?" He asked with a laugh.
Peter cheered, causing Tony to put his hands over his ears, groaning loudly at the high-pitched yell. Pepper laughed, pulling Tony into a hug before smooching his forehead, still laughing on her way out the door.
"All right. If the boss boy says so. I'll take a nap." He sighed playfully. "You guys be good. Or else."
He rolled his eyes and turned his head at a small noise, seeing bear ears peeking out from the stairwell.
Steve smiled at him sweetly, holding his genius close as they swayed together. He kissed lightly at the crook of Tony's neck, feeling the vibrations of the man's voice as he hummed with the music. Before long, Tony spun back out and came back into the position they began, leaning up to kiss Steve's lips softly with a smile.
"Have fun," Tony called with a laugh, going about cleaning up the kitchen and putting the cookies away. Once he was done, he grabbed the bag of Pete's gifts and the wrapping supplies from the hall closet, and went upstairs.
Steve started to shiver later in his sleep, curling further around Tony to find warmth, but not finding it.
"Easy! Its okay, Steve." The genius stated, resting hands on Steve's shoulders to calm him down. "JARVIS is just Artificial Intelligence. He doesn't have an actual form, but he has a voice. So he can see you, but you can't see him. He keeps an eye on everything for me."
Peter cried more as Steve carried him upstairs, uncomfortable at the cold wetness spreading through his khakis. He buried his face in Steve's chest and hiccupped, busting into tears when he felt the cold liquid trickle down his thigh.
"It’s mostly the sick." He said, picking at the last of his food a bit. "I don't want to bring it up and make you mopey too since you've gotten a bit better."
"See? No harm done, bubba. Don't cry. It'll be okay." He assured. "How about we get you dried off and you can have your cookies before bed, hm?"
Steve's face looked a little hurt for a moment, not that Tony could see it. He reached out to lightly pat the shaken man's shoulder. This caused Tony to twitch, as if reacting to someone trying to assault him. Steve slowly pulled his arm away from Tony's shoulder, his eyes filling with slight sadness. He started to leave and spoke softly before closing the door.
"No." Steve responded carefully, unsure to react to all the kisses. They just met and barely actually knew each other, but oddly it felt right.
They took their shots in one smooth motion, Steve coughing a little as it went down his throat. He wasn't very used to whiskey.
"You're terrible." Tony huffed, picking at a string on Steve's shirt. "We should probably talk about that. The sex stuff."
"I think you'd be good at power play. Telling me what to do, ordering me around. It'd be a bit heavier than what we're doing now," he explained, "Also, couch fucking. That needs to happen again."
"Hm," Tony shrugged, massaging his thumb into Steve's abs, "I don't know, love. I can look into it, if you want. See if its--"
"My name is Erin Wyatt. I am the instructor here for the art department. You must be Tony. I have heard quite a bit about you lately.".
"Peter, baby, don't worry about it." Steve soothed, smooching the top of his head. "We'll be okay, baby."
Tony pulled back and nodded, wiping the last of the tear tracks off his face. "Yeah... yeah, lemme wash my face, and I'll change him while you make his bottle," he mumbled, squeezing Steve's hand, "Okay?"
"Yes, yes, I see you," Tony rolled his eyes, trading Peter for Sammy, "How's my little bubble blower, hm?"
"Your Daddy, Papa, and big brother have been very excited to bring you home, little one." He whispered sweetly, the baby wriggling a bit and gurgling back in response.
It was a shiver of want as Tony took him in, working on him slowly and skillfully. He made a small wordless noise, assuming that was fine since it wasn't a word, biting his bottom lip to keep from it again in case.
"Tony, I can't believe you are trying to make that." Steve huffed, trying to help Tony and rubbing gently at the knots in the man's back. "I don't know whether to be ecstatic or angry."
"I figured you'd want that. Especially after I woke you up late last night." He said softly, making himself a cup with sugar as he cooked. "You going to call the realtor after breakfast?"
Steve thought for a split second before answering. "I thought it might help us all feel better after how today went. Cookies are always good, right?"
He opened the door, eyes comically widening at the disarray and disaster that used to be their living room; the tree was on the floor, garlands knocked down, and a suspicious face peeked out from the steps before darting back up.
"C'mon, Samwich. You gonna learn how Papa cooks big boy food, huh?" The blond cooed as they left the room.
"Yes, we do. I want to see the gorgeous house when get to." He hummed, then yawned softly. "But after sleep. And breakfast in the morning."
"He don' show it well, doe. He don' match his cwothes well," Peter sighed dramatically, worming closer to Steve's chest.
"All right. Chair for big boys, coming through." Steve announced, setting it up. "There. Now all of us Stark-Rogers men will sit at the table. Like men." He joked, picking Peter's arms up slightly and making muscles with them.
"Yeah. Good things it’s a list of positive things," Tony chuckled, bumping his nose against Steve's collar, "Let's get it done."
"I don't doubt it, Stark. Not at all." Steve hummed to himself straightening the paper as he thought. "Seven letter word for a creature with a piercing and horrible screech."
"All right. But it’s not odd. He's asleep." Steve point out as they headed upstairs, hands still held together.
"You're allowed. You can move with it, if you want to, Tony." Steve assured, slipping his hand past Tony's waistband and starting to palm him through his boxers. "I see you're already a bit eager, hm?"
"I'll take care of the basket and pipsqueak, you make sure the little one doesn't wake up," Tony whispered, carefully taking the basket from Steve's hand.
Steve opened his eyes again, looking at Tony before leaning down to kiss him tenderly. He caressed his cheeks gently as they kissed, leaving it soft and lingering.
"Oh honey, shh," he murmured, scooting over to sandwich the boy between him and Steve, "Everything's okay, you're okay, I promise."
"He missed his daddy." Steve grinned, handing Peter a muffin and donut as the boy sat on his lap. "He missed his friend he can blow kisses to."
Tony went back to the table and picked up the glass dildo he'd bought, coating it with a sheen layer of lube before resting it at Steve's entrance.
He moved to carefully unbuckle Peter, scooping the boy up carefully and grabbing a few bags to carry inside as well. Steve sat the bags down and started to carry Peter up to his room.
"Sometimes, Rogers, I wonder if you ever were a doctor," Tony hummed, amused, "Anyway, Mr. Wilson, did you notice anything peculiar about the scene? Before the police arrived?"
Tony couldn't help but laugh as Steve didn't even glance at the attire he put on, having to put his hands on his knees to keep from falling over.
? I have a better show planned for you sweetheart, but if you still wanna see Ouija, I'm game," Tony chuckled, sliding out of the booth.
"Yessir..." Steve said quietly. He was a little disappointed he didn't get to look at Tony during all of it, but he'd get the chance to later, he figured. The anticipation left him feeling a little anxious, but he trusted Tony. It'd be fine.
The blond chuckled softly, offering his hand like one would a dog before patting the claw. "Well it’s very nice to meet you, Dummy." He grinned, the bot beeping back before turning to Tony again. "You did good building him though. I've never seen a robot with its own personality before."
"Alright you, bedtime," Tony rolled his eyes, still petting Steve's hair, "Enough silliness from you, Mister."
Tony moaned quietly, adjusting himself to be able to pull Steve down for a deeper kiss, rolling his hips down onto Steve's fingers. Steve hummed into the kiss pleasurably, starting to move his fingers in and out and scissoring them as they rocked together.
"I love you," Tony murmured, giving Steve's jaw a light nip before grabbing the lube from its place on the nightstand.
"I know, baby boy. I'll be able to pick you up once we find Daddy and Bubby." Steve shushed as he looked for room 109.
Testing his luck, Tony slipped a fourth finger inside Steve, watching precome leak from Steve’s cock and pool on the bed.
"Thank you, sir." Steve grinned, taking the peanut butter and getting out the loaf of bread to get started.
"Hey, no, sh," Tony gave Peter a warning look, to which the boy grumpily slouched, followed by Sammy attempting to do the same.
"Good." Steve reply with a soft breath, kissing Tony's cheek gently. "Thank you for sticking up for me. It was a nice thought. Now, we should get you cleaned up. I'll help you to the tub, hm?"
"I feel pretty lucky myself." He continued. "An amazing husband, two incredible sons; I couldn't ask for more."
"Cool. You pour us cups, I'll keep bambi occupied," Tony hummed, taking the band and kissing Steve's cheek.
“That’s an understatement.” Steve replied back “I don’t see how Bruce does it with the other guy. I might have to ask for tips. Of course, he just gets bigger and greener and doesn’t change species, but he’s the closest person I can ask who has an idea to what it's like.”
"Peter? Keep a close eye on your brother for me. I need to go check on Daddy, okay?" He asked softly, kissing Peter's head before heading down to the shop.
"Twenty-five dollars." He stated. "That's a lot for a scarf." Steve shook his head. It wasn't his place to judge. "Uh, I live down the hall and they delivered your mail to me by mistake. Came to give it to you.".
"Maybe." He hummed, petting Peter's hair. "Anyway, because of that bond, we know there is no one else better for us out there than each other. So you don't need to worry about Daddy and I separating, okay?" Steve looked down at Peter with a soft smile.
why you were getting Jarvis to help you with your homework," Clint complained, "He overrided your internet access, didn't he?"
He then turned to Tony. "And the tights and such will make sense when we backtrack and learn his origins."
"And this is your floor. Right below mine." Tony explained, leading Steve into the apartment area that served as the man's living space.
"I found it in my things that were in my old storage unit that I finally finished clearing out." Steve said with a soft grin, enjoying Bucky's reaction to his old childhood toy returned.
“Tony, calm down. He’s-- He’s just got his own things to handle first. I get that.” Steve tried to reassure, trying to keep the disappointment out of his voice. “We’ll just have to wait and be patient, and try to manage until he gets back to this dimension. Not much else we can do.”
"I'm gettin' hungry anyway," Tony forced a smile, sitting down next to Pete, "Besides, the kid's too cute. Can't resist."
"We have a courting ritual that we do to find a potential mate. Is it like that?" The blond asked, trying to piece together something similar to what Tony was describing.
"Well Steve- can I call you Steve?- For those being rough sketches, those are pretty good.". He stood up and extended his hand. He was a few inches shorter than Steve was, so he had to look up slightly to meet his eyes.
"If I was that damn conceited and didn't want you just because you have scars, do you really think I'd still be here?" He said loudly so Tony could hear him over the water. "Everyone has scars, be they physical, emotional, or both. And I love you. All of you. And I just-- I just want to stop you from having to hurt anymore..."
"Well, if that's how the time will go for getting called in, I might just act up a little bit more." He grinned contently, soaking deeper into the water. "But it was very fun. I liked it, 'Mr. Stark'." He chuckled with a dopey grin.
Tony nodded, letting himself lean against Steve so he could get up. He grabbed the blade and cleaned it off, putting it back in its drawer once it was dry. With a sigh, Tony rifled through the cabinet for his medicine, dry swallowing a half of a pill before turning to Steve.
"Sir--" Tony's voice trembled as he turned his head into Steve's neck, whimpering loudly. "Please Sir, d-don't let me--" he moaned, shutting his eyes to reign himself in.
Steve hummed in thought, a soft smile on his lips from the kiss. "Mmm... Sure. We can have waffles. Just gotta get the waffle iron going, okay?" He explained as he sat Peter in his chair. "You wanna help me make the mix?"
"Those are some profound thoughts about a robot." Bruce hummed as he came in from the guesthouse, being followed by a small, sleepy group.
"Sir--" Steve shivered in want, hips twitching up slightly as Tony mouthed against his cock straining against his briefs. "Please don't tease me."
He reached a hand up to stroke at Steve's cheek, running the pad of his thumb over the merman's bottom lip gently.
--" Steve noised as the brunet mouthed gently at the tip, shivering under the attentions. "So fellatio is the name of the game?" He asked with a pant, softly moaning.
"That my friend was JARVIS. He's an AI I made myself and I can use him exclusively on my phone to remind of events, give me directions, and a whole slew of things!".
"Shh, don't be sorry Tony. It'll get better eventually, all of this. So don't be sorry." Steve said sweetly, leading them back to the bed. He slipped under the covers and waited for Tony. "I wanna cuddle with you right now though, so let’s worry about that at the moment, okay?" He smiled warmly.
"Oh my god, Steve, you're going to make me cry," Tony mumbled, already starting to get misty-eyed, "You two are going to be the death of me, I swear."
"Thanks for the offer, but probably not tonight." Steve hummed, putting in the headboard. "Tony and Peter left early and will be gone pretty much all day. I'd like to spend family time with them tonight if I can. It’s the holidays and everything. Need to spend the time with the family I actually have."
It was now the middle of May. Steve's project would be due in less than two weeks and he still needed to decide on what to make of the last piece. He didn't worry about it too much though. He had been spending so much time with Tony, Steve had no doubt it would come to him soon.
"I was kidding about the coloring books. Unless you really want one." Steve chuckled, looking at Tony's handiwork.
"Fuck," he growled, easily slipping in a third finger, "Fuck, Steve, please, I need your big fucking cock in me--"
"We's not meanies, we gots you ice crweams." Peter explained, being set down on the bed next to Tony and Sammy. "And ice crweam's good."
"Mmm, sounds nice. But you're gonna make me sleep if you keep that up." Steve hummed, referring to the scratching. "You know that's one of my weaknesses."
Steve nodded, hurrying to get dressed, cleaned and ready. He grabbed his keys and wallet before leaving the apartment and moving fast in excitement down to the garage to meet with Tony. Tony was already leaning against the car when Steve showed up, giving him a quick kiss before climbing into the driver's seat.
"I hate that you answer like that," Bucky sighed, twirling a pen in his hand, "Especially since you never pick up your goddamned cell phone."
Steve watched Tony carefully, but didn't say anything. His thoughts however ran rampant in his mind as Tony packed, against his wishes.
"It's not a problem at all. I'm glad to help out all I can." Pepper explained fondly. "I'll always come help out if you need me fast unless I am out of state or country."
Hmm..." Steve hummed in thought. "It may sound silly, but I'm sort of wanting to watch an animated film. Something lighthearted."
"Go try your stuff on, Ken. I wanna see what Brucey picked for you," Tony drawled, turning his attention to the heavy wood in front of him.
"Anthony. What are you doing?" A stern voice came through the air into his room, Tony's back straightening as he continued to pack.
"Hey yourself, you charmer." Steve hummed back, giving him a hug. "You sleep a little better this time?" he asked, brushing Tony's hair back.
Sighing, Tony reluctantly let Steve pull him aside, not quite making eye contact with him. He crossed his arms over his chest, looking slightly smaller in Steve's oversized sweatshirt.
"So, Peter requested that we have breakfast and then cuddles." He hummed, petting the boy's hair and looking to Tony. "What do you think about that, Daddy?"
"This is definitely one of the better ones, I'll admit." Steve gasped, gently starting to thrust up into Tony as he held him pressed against the wall.
Steve pulled out the cookies and set them out on cooling racks, sprinkling sugar lightly on the top of them before heading back to the living room.
"Peter, Daddy's not going today. Just you and me." Steve said as he was being smooshed by both Tony and Peter as the boy bounced around.
"I'll cut you up some peanut butter and jelly, okay? Then you can go do whatcha want until dinner, since all the adults will be talking in the living room," Tony murmured, reaching up to pet Peter's hair.
"Don't you give me that look, young man. I know what that look means on you." Steve stated, crossing his arms as he looked at the boy.
"--lots of videos of me having drunk sex," he continued blandly, voice catching at a non-censored video.
"We'll have to dust some, but yeah. Just food. I'll dig out my cookbook, and you can try your hand at Mama's chicken cacciatore. It's my childhood favorite." Tony hummed happily into Steve's touch, preening under the care.
"Right. Sorry, kiddo, Papa and I will try to keep to ourselves," Tony grinned, winking at Steve, which earned another groan of disapproval from Peter.
Tony smiled fondly and took his own lunch out of the basket, not surprised to see one of the sandwiches marked with his name.
"I won't purposefully try to. Here," Steve pulled the spoon away for the moment, blowing on it lightly to cool it down. "Alrighty, you should be good."
"Oops," he chuckled, leaning in to kiss Steve's cheek, "A little delayed gratification never hurt anyone, love."
"Yeah, maybe," Tony chuckled, stealing another kiss, "I've still got my doubts, but I think I'm getting out from under myself."
"Mm-hmm." Steve groaned out softly as Tony started to pump his fingers slowly. He started to moan quietly when the fingers moved a bit quicker.
"That'd be nice. I know he'd appreciate that since he didn't come with us today." The blond pointed out as they watched the jellyfish. "Look at those ones. They glow in the water."
"Okay." Steve said with a sigh of relief. He was worried he frightened Tony. Steve leaned down for a kiss, slipping two fingers into Tony's entrance.
"I apologize if this is the wrong address," The woman started with an English accent, "but I was told I could find a man by the name of Steve Rogers living here?"
Steve barged in the workshop and went straight to Tony, kneeling down beside him and pressing light kisses on his neck. He said no words, just tried to comfort, running small circles on Tony's back.
The blond's sleep was a bit fitful during the night, various nightmares trying to rack his brain throughout. He managed to make it through without incident, waking up slowly with Tony still in his arms and Peter still in his.
"Oh please do call him. I believe he would find no disrespect to either." Schmidt simply grinned back, a wicked one it was, "Mr. Rogers knows the rules and that I am a grand stickler for promptness here. And he comes in ten minutes late after I gave him time off on his last shift. I do not see that as disrespectful." He stated smoothly. "Besides, what is one simple security guard to men in our profession?"
Steve smiled soft at his boys in the car mirror, pulling into the garage to find Tony's car already parked.
“Yeah baby, we'll go see the house," Tony murmured, grabbing Steve's pajamas and helping him into them. He led Steve back to the bed, climbing in behind him. "Sleep, sweetheart," Tony mumbled, stroking Steve's hair, "You were so good today. Thank you."
"I still want a non-kid-friendly thing. I got you one, that's for sure," he purred, running his hands up Steve's chest.
They adopted Peter, an adorable little boy who had wound up in a difficult family situation. When they had gone to an adoption agency,
Tony rolled his eyes with a smile, reaching behind with one hand to unlace it. He took a deep breath, laughing softly.
"He is like your mini clone. If I could handle you by myself, we can handle this one together." Steve pointed out with a shrug. "Let’s just enjoy right now while he's adorable."
"As long as we do that at home. Not sure how well that'd work on the back of a motorcycle." He joked, giving him a kiss back.
Steve brought Tony into the bedroom once they were over, getting Tony comfy in bed before going over and changing out of his uniform and into some pajama bottoms.
"Not bad." The genius murmured, adjusting small knobs on the side of the device for a moment. "Okay, now I want you to try and say something for me."
The scream from upstairs was enough justification that Peter had found his gift. With a grin, Tony took his keys out of his pocket, jingling them before standing to go upstairs with the small party. Peter was already bouncing around outside the door, desperation written all over his face.
"You might have to have faith for the both of us for a little longer," Tony mumbled miserably, nuzzling Steve's cheek, "But, speaking of the baby. I think you should be the one to be used with the surrogate."
"As long as I'm your favorite." He chuckled, kissing Tony back. "And for the record, I won't be old until I'm like, fifty. I still have twenty four years and less than two months before then. So I'm good."
"Papa, Sammy and I are gonna go up to the artroom, and we want you to come with us," Tony hummed, petting him, "That okay?"
"Don't worry my dear, Rogers and I have merely come to take a look at your latest... company, shall I say," Tony chuckled, grabbing gloves before handing a pair off to Steve, "I've been presented with another case."
"Shut up." Steve said with a laugh, playfully smacking Tony's arm. "That actually sounds extremely terrifying. And by motorcycle engine, I hope you don't mean
Tony nodded and put the ruler back, picking up the leather paddle. He twirled it in his hands for a second, backhanding the leather across Steve's backside.
"Okay. But you saying those things to me just might make me lose it." Tony said with a soft whine, reaching and running a hand through Steve's hair in thanks. "I don't do well at taking compliments, so you know. So all this 'beautiful' stuff just might make me combust."
Steve eased and continued to drive to their location, taking the hour nice and easy. He tensed up slightly as they showed up in front of the building.
Pepper laughed quietly at that and unwrapped one of her bags, making appreciative noises as she drew out a soapbox.
"You'll get bigger as you get older, munchkin. You'll hit you a growth spurt near your teens, no doubt." Steve chuckled from Peter's comment, starting to fill another tray. "Could even get taller than Daddy."
"I love you too," he chuckled, quickly washing himself up before climbing out of the shower, drying himself and walking stark naked into the bedroom to find some semblance of clothes.
"Oh, okay. That wasn't too smart. It popped my back." He chuckled, setting Bucky down to make up the bed with a red and blue sheet set.
"Smart boy! They are bioluminescent." Steve praised, kissing the top of Peter's head. "Daddy is able to teach you all sorts of science-y things. I've never been that great with math and science. He probably could teach me a lot, too." He hummed as they moved on to see the tropical fish.
Tony exited the car, sighing happily up at his dream house, sidling up to Steve and squeezing his hand. Steve squeezed Tony's hand back as they walked up to meet with Babs. He greeted her with a firm handshake and a warm smile, keeping things friendly and professional.
"That'd be nice. Sort of have a whole family thing." Steve grinned, changing out of his wet clothes. "I know Peter would like to see his aunts and uncles. Would you wanna have them over?"
Steve ran his hand along Tony's back softly. "If you gotta come in, then I'll come with you. Help you out as much as I can." He said kissing Tony's temple.
"Lil brotha!" Peter shouted, accidentally tossing his fork to the floor, "We's goin' to the hop'ital!"
Tony pouted, but only slightly, hesitantly opening his mouth. "Don't you dare burn me," he muttered, trying not to giggle.
"I've been thinking, and-- I kinda wanna get another," he mumbled, "Like, a surrogate? From that age. I'm sure Pete would love a little brother or sister."
"Oh, no, baby. Shh, shh... It’s okay." Steve hushed him gently, rubbing gently at the boy's back. "I don't want you to ever worry about that happening to Daddy and I, okay? We would never, ever separate. Never in a million years. You know why?"
over the threshold. So that's just what's gonna happen." Steve grinned back happily, getting out of the car and over to Tony's side to scoop him up out of the vehicle.
"So, does he have any friends? Bonus points for attractive, single ones with their tattoo?" Natasha asked Tony, setting the boxes she was carrying into the kitchen.
"That, and its rude to call your father a liar," Tony continued, crossing his legs, "He and I were discussing things about
"Well, it is date night. And I wanted to do something special." Tony stated simply. "You always talk about how you'd like to go dancing, so we're going to dance. Or rather, I'm going to show you how, if you let me.".
Nodding, Peter tucked his head against Steve's chest, only letting himself be put down when they were next to his booster seat. He climbed up, putting his head down on the table while he waited for his breakfast.
"'Kay, Daddy! Thank you!" Peter cheered about his treat, causing Sammy to look up at his brother and noise curiously as he continued to chew on his teether.
After snapping out of his stupor, Steve offered to help Bruce put Tony into his bed and clean up. When they set Tony on his mattress, he reflexively grabbed onto his pillow and nuzzled up against it. Steve stifled back a chuckle at the sight. It was adorable. Steve stopped and shook that last thought from his head as he help Bruce finish cleaning up.
"He spent five hours without food, I'd be super hungry too if I were him," she hummed, letting the baby finish off the bottle.
"Peter? Hi, I'm Doctor Blake, but you can call me Donny if you want," he smiled, gentle despite his lumbering appearance, "Do you know what happened to you?"
"I'll talk ta ya, Daddy. I don't wanna talk ta Steve!" Peter yelled back behind a sob, laying on his bed.
"I'd hope not," Tony breathed, grinning as he scraped his nails down Steve's chest, "I have to behave, though. I'm not ravaging you in our backyard. Yet."
"Uh huh," He mumbled, nuzzling against Steve's chest, "I like when Ariel s'in her cove an' she sings 'bout thingamabobs."
"If y'tell Miss Parks, Flash'll know I told an' I get bullied more," he whined, "I'd rather just... deal wiff ‘im until the end of d’year."
By the time Steve was done talking, Tony was already asleep again, snoring softly into Steve's palm. Steve let out a small laugh at that, trying to relieve some of the tension in his body.
"Innocence," Sharon hummed, settling Sammy in her arms, "However, I figured we'd give him formula, rather than-- attach."
"Such a pouty baby." Steve teased, putting everything away for now and turning the stove and oven off. "All right.
He took the bottle away and dabbed at Sammy's mouth with his bib, making sure he'd swallowed before letting him suckle at the bottle again.
"Anyway, you may not know what help you need, but that shouldn't stop you from letting me try." The blond continued, kissing Tony's temple. "For better or worse, in sickness and in health, right?"
"I don't think he could pronounce it, I'll be Dada till he can," Tony huffed, going over to Sammy to pick the baby up, "Isn't that right, squeakers?"
"A-ah, babe, wait--" Tony took a breath to let himself relax and adjust, rocking his hips when he felt good.
"Well-- I mean, you can, but I'm not sure you'd like what you'd find," he replied quietly, "There's stuff out there from my rebellious phase before I met you, and-- a video of Howard that a butler of mine managed to get out. It's... heavy, Steve."
"I mean, I'm not allergic to them, so if Papa says yes, we'll think about it," he replied carefully, "I don't know if having an animal around Sammy is such a good idea, sweetheart."
"You're older than me, so you'll always be the old man," Tony pointed out, grinning, "One day, instead of getting each other flowers, I'll have to get you hemorrhoid cream."
Steve was surprised at the response. Tony rarely ever admitted he was scared, no matter what it was.
"Omelets." He said with a smile at the pet name. "Ham and cheese. Or just ham, if you don't like both together. And I'll make some toast, too."
“Pfft, please. You do not have a lot of belly fat at all." Steve scoffed. "And I was meaning you were comfy like home." He said softly. "It’s nice having someone to just hold close and cuddle."
"Daddy!" Peter yelled, barreling into the room and jumping on the bed, "Papa's gots donuts downstairs an he said we can't eat till you come downstairs--"
The genius looked over at the sketchbook carefully, taking in the sight of the sketches carefully because wow. They did look like a lot of care was taken in drawing them. They were all just small moments that could happen in his day; him drinking coffee before he can function in the morning, working on something in the lab with smudges of most likely grease on his face, and some close ups of his face, eyes, and hands. They looked fantastic. Flattering. And he had never saw Steve sketching him.
"Well I wouldn't doubt the saltwater part, but you're not hallucinating about me. I am really here. Really real." The merman replied, flicking his tail gently against the tide lapping at the shore. "Now, can I see? You agreed."
great. Don't worry, baby." He soothed softly. "You gonna wait a little before going back to sleep? I'll stay up with ya."
“The only way you'll get me to stop is to pull me over you lap, like the naughty boy I am," Tony grinned, gently necking Steve.
"Well, there's not all that much to tell," Steve explained carefully, not really one to talk about himself too much, “I'm originally from Brooklyn, moved away to here when I was 21 and been here ever since. Make a good wage as a guard at the art museum, selling some of my own stuff on the side."
"Good to know it’s all mine. And my 'cuteness' is only reserved for you." Steve hummed contently. "Only you are allowed to call me as such." He clarified, leaning into Tony's touch. "I love you."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When Tony woke up, the tiny bundle wasn't in his arms, but the bed was still warm. He didn't need to be a genius to know Peter had gotten up on his own, probably to go play or sleep in his own bed. With a yawn, Tony slowly woke up, sadly picking at Steve's pajamas.
Natasha nodded. "Yeah, everything is set up for Steve to organize as he'd like." She explained. "I know most people are particular about how things like that are placed, so I'll leave that to you."
The men settled onto the couch, both under the throw blanket because Steve insisted they share and stay warm, even though it was fairly comfortable in the mansion. But hey, it was an excuse for him to be closer to Steve, so he wasn't going to complain about it. As the movie Anastasia began to play, Tony started to wind down and relax into the couch. He needed this after today. It was nice. He was relaxed...
Tony laughed and sat in the chair, letting Peter climb into his lap so he could comfortably hold them both.
"Thank God." Steve panted out, shiver running down his spine at the absence behind him. His arms were shaky, adjusting himself a bit in order to keep himself held up.
"All right, Aqua Man. Scoot over. I'm coming in." Tony grumbled fondly, heading towards the bed and crawling under the sheets. The blond smiled back at him, huddling up close once Tony was settled underneath with him. "Hang on, turn around. This might be more comfortable..."
"She had found hers and lived her life. But me? I'm sure I've found mine, and he's standing right in front of me.".
Steve just grinned back at him widely, taking his hand as they walked inside. "Do you want a drink for while we watch?"
"Shh-shh-shhhh, hey, it’s alright. You didn't ruin anything, Tony." Steve soothed, running his hand along Tony's back. "You
"Ah, man..." Steve panted, nuzzling into Tony's skin as he fell from his high. "Love you." He whispered softly. "Love you, love you,
He grinned, leaning down to suck and bite on Steve's nipple, swirling his tongue around the nub before making a trail of kisses down to his groin. Steve hummed and noised appreciatively from the attentions, body arching slowly with Tony's movements.
"Okay," Tony replied slowly, "History is important. But he's a science boy. The way technology is moving is more relevant than the Declaration of Independence. Sure, it's important to
Steve nodded, getting up from the bed and stripping down slowly to give a small show. When he was done, he crawled back up on the bed, sitting down on his legs besides Tony.
"Otay." Peter wiggled so he would be put down, grabbing the markers before laying down on his stomach, spreading out the Color Wonder pad.
"We appreciate that, Bucky. A lot. Hell, I know Tony will appreciate it. We will definitely use it now and then. Thank you."
"It started when I was young," he began, ignoring the lump in his throat, "Four or five years old. Actually it began way back, but I really remember it at that age. Howard never wanted to have kids, and when Mama had me, he didn't try to form a bond with me, or
"Everyone else was well wide awake after a while and got a little antsy. So I brought you up to bed. It got late though, so they're asleep in the guest room now, I think. It’s a little before midnight, now." Steve explained all with a yawn.
Peter nodded and let Steve pull back the covers, snuggling down into his bed so Steve could tuck him in.
"My question?" Steve asked curiously, humming in thought and trying to ignore how Tony was laying on him. "What question would that be? I don't recall a question."
"Shhh, you're okay buddy, I forgive you," Tony murmured, gently rubbing the boy's back, "No need to cry, sweetie, everything's okay."
Steve barked a quick laugh at that. "You're terrible." He laughed, leaning with the scrubs. "Absolutely cheeky."
"Never just f'y'body," Tony breathed, taking his already hard cock out and lubing himself up, "Much more than that."
"Yeah--yes. Yes. A-ah..." Steve noised, rocking back onto the plug as Tony twisted. "It's all a lot though--
"Well, look at you! Washing up your hair by yourself." Steve said proudly. "Just like a big kid. I'm going to help you rinse though, okay? Getting it all out of your hair is a little tough the first time." He hummed.
'Oh, Tony! You're home.' Steve said pleasantly surprised, standing in front of the oven with big oven mitts on his hands and an apron haphazardly tied around his body. The source of the slightly singed smell came from a dish placed on top of the stove, the liquid it had in it browner than probably should have been.
Tony snuggled under his sheets, sighing at the warmth. "I know, I know, but when I get a train of thought I gotta go with it," he grumbled, immediately sucking up to Steve's warmth.
He tied it around himself before cleaning off the island, going to set out flour, cookie sheets and the cookie cutters.
"Tony," Steve groaned in a warning. "Keep going like that and it'll take a bit before you'll get what you're wanting..."
"We'll need to start thinkin' names," Tony murmured, leaning down to smooch Peter's forehead, "For boys
"I'm not a cat, Steve, y'don't have to give him a litterbox for me," Tony muttered, turning over in bed to face the wall.
"We gon' have dinner and then cuddles?" He asked excitedly, looking at his daddies. "Huh? Huh? Huh?!"
Steve bashfully covered his face with his towel, proceeding dry his hair with it. "Well, I'll get used to it eventually, I'm sure. So enjoy it while it lasts." He teased.
"Alright, you guys have a good nap, I've got some updates to work on in the 'shop," he murmured, "Call me up whenever it’s time to eat."
"I'm only hobbling ‘cause my butt is numb, asshole," Tony grumbled, sighing into the hot spray, "I'm not hurt. A little numb and I'm pretty sure I have bruises on my hips, but not hurt."
"This is true. You must be well lubricated with all your talk to yourself when you work." Steve chuckled, turning to kiss the tip of Tony's nose. "What other ways do you keep things well?"
"Hey, Dummy," Tony murmured, petting the bot's claw before sitting down at his table, flicking up some new designs to keep him busy.
"Yeah. I'll get a realtor set up for us and stuff," Tony hummed, nuzzling Steve's hair, "Go back to sleep, baby."
"What Dad means," Steve explained, "is that no matter how big or old you get, you will always be our little Pete." He chuckled, booping Peter's nose with his.
"I am also referring to how you tease me in front of others, as well." He murmured. "It’s a bit rude when one knowingly does that."
"No no, hon. I will clean the kitchen once Peter is taken care of." Steve insisted softly. "Stick around and help me get the rugrat cleaned and clothed?"
He padded up the stairs and to the front door, blinking as he opened it to a stocky brunette, whose red lips stood prominently out from her doll-face.
'Yeah, I like that one a lot, actually. Let's do that.' Steve hummed with a small smile, Tatianna nodding in understanding as she prepped to work.
Steve was unsure what a fairy tale was, but he assumed it had to do something with him supposedly not being real.
Steve smiled back and sent loving thoughts in return as he headed up the stairs to settle into bed for a quick nap.
"Yeah. I thought it would be cool, y'know. For Peter, especially. I mean, what kid wouldn't want to know there was a superhero made specifically after them?" He explained.
"Not a problem. Not a problem at all." Steve said with a grin, watching as the baby suckled hungrily at the bottle. "Hungry little guy, ain't he?" He chuckled.
"Yeah, yeah, gripes, I got it," Tony rolled his eyes, laying down on the other side of Peter so he was sandwiched in their warmth, "Better?"
"I don't run," Tony grinned sheepishly, stuffing more pizza in his mouth, "I have arthritis in my knees. Hereditary. You can carry me, though."
He buried himself into the pillows and blankets, happily and easily settling into the comfort and falling asleep...
Steve tucked the blankets up around Peter carefully, letting the boy snuggle his penguin. He rubbed the boy's back soothingly to put Peter to sleep, humming a soft lullaby.
"It really doesn't look bad. A little shaky in some spots, but that gives it some character." He hummed. "We have to wait for it to dry before putting on the lettering, though."
"The one time we try to get away, and I'm a disaster," Tony whispered, voice crumpling, "I'm sorry."
"I love you, too. I'm sorry it got to the point of missing me when I'm right here." He hummed softly, kissing Tony's cheek. "We just had a lot going on."
Steve chuckled, raising an eyebrow. "And you said nothing girly." He grinned, taking both boxes. "Do you want to get the Transformers ones for an actual present and the Disney ones as a funny present?"
He watched Steve go up the steps, shutting off the movie and going around the clean the house a little before heading for their bedroom. Steve stopped in front of Peter's bedroom door, finding it locked. He knocked on the door gently, pressing his ear to the door.
is why you are in trouble, mostly." Steve stated in an even tone, pointing towards his pair of pants on the floor.
He gave Steve a pointed look before getting up to pour a second cup for himself, scooting up onto the counter. Steve rolled his eyes playfully as worked on dinner, humming a tune as he worked.
"It’s my most dominant side." Steve admitted, going and getting a wash cloth. He started to gently wash Tony off. "There are very few people in my life I care about, so I like to know they are taken care of well."
Tony shivered under his touch, gentle pants escaping his lips. He ducked his head shyly, preening under Steve's fingers.
"Then we'll get you a slice for dessert as long as you're a good boy." Steve teased, rubbing his thumb over the top of Tony's hand before their waiter arrived.
The next few nights were the same; His younger self gripping to the chair in that same room, void-less and empty. The only things he could recall changing between the dreams were his grip-- hands not letting go but loosening ever so slightly as the dreams progressed-- and the form appearing. As each dream went, he could see the form getting closer towards him, close enough at this point he could tell it was the shape of a person. He couldn't tell who it was or any discerning features, but it was certainly humanoid.
"Of course bud. Sorry, I'm still waking up a little." Steve stated, scooping up the boy before heading downstairs. He kissed at the boy's cheeks sweetly before setting him down in his booster seat at the table as he started breakfast.
He wrote out the check and gave it to Rhodey, not surprised that man reminded him to call Pepper before sending him on his way. Tony held Steve's hand on their way to the car, giving him the keys.
Steve glanced up to Tony, giving him the 'Eyebrow Raise of Judgment' after hearing that, then glancing at Peter again.
don't plan on going again anytime soon." Tony smirked, reaching up to tap Steve's cheek. "I know how many times I can go, it's you I'm interested in," he drawled.
I'm sorry, buddy. You're okay and safe, sweet boy. I promise. It’s okay." Steve whispered back, rocking them gently.
"Yeah. I mean, I already have the genius, and having the suit? I could shove it in Barton's face," Tony grinned, "And it would be fun to fly around."
Tony looked over at the high chair on the other side of the table, smiling at the blue teddy bears dotted over it.
"Papa, what wuz da thing Daddy said other den ten bucks?" Peter asked curiously, Steve's face tinting pink.
. And if she changes her mind, then it wasn't meant to be, but I don't think that's gonna happen. Okay?"
, you silly boy," He laughed softly, rubbing the tiredness from his eyes, "C'mere, you might wake Papa up."
"Well, it can still be our thing. But he'll still learn to color. He's a little one. It will help him learn." Steve responded, stroking Peter's hair. "You and I will still color plenty, just us two. I promise you, munchkin."
Steve nodded in agreement. "Sounds good to me, hon. Sounds perfect." He hummed, leaning in and smooching Tony sweetly on the lips.
"It could've waited for a while since you came to visit." Steve sighed. "He...feels bad because he thought you could've been some woman I was seeing on the side."
"Oh, I'm well aware," Tony laughed, running his hands up Steve's inner thighs, "All the better reason to punish me, officer."
Tony went quietly, letting himself curl up onto the couch once he was inside; he didn't deserve Steve, soulmate or no. Tossing a blanket over himself, Tony choked back a sob, insecurity rolling in his gut.
"Hey, if you like it, you get to eat it, so I don't see the problem," He teased, spreading the shirt to get his hands on Steve's bare chest, “There's whipped cream in the fridge, if you want me to get it."
Steve smiled back, looking up at Tony with a grin. "Well, you best start believing. Or will I have to make you believe it?" He asked, raising a brow.
"We're definitely doing more role play. I've never seen someone flush so fast by just seeing me in glasses," he mused, "And I can adjust the cuffs to be my size. Anything you wanna try? 'Cause I'm a pretty open person."
"Okay." Peter leaned against Steve until he was put down in the kitchen, eagerly running over to try and pull the griddle out by himself.
"Am I allowed to discipline this one," he asked bluntly, managing a straight face at Peter's ghostly complexion.
"Papa supplies the heat, Daddy supplies the silly kisses!" Steve chuckled, hugging the boy up in his arms from the shrieking giggle.
Tony wrapped an arm around Steve and waved till they rounded the corner, then started to tug on Steve's shirt toward the house. "Steeeve," Tony hummed, "Stevieeee."
"Y'told me you wasn' gon give me 'way but then y'only happy when y'talk about a baby!" Peter wailed, huge tears rolling down his cheeks, "It's not
"I highly doubt you've gained anything, baby," Tony murmured gently, "Really. Pete doesn't know better, when he's older he'll have
A loud shout from upstairs rang through the house followed by stomping feet, till a familiar blur rounded the corner. Peter tripped over himself and smacked his face on the floor, but he got right back up, wrapping himself around Tony's and Steve's legs.
"You aren't allowed to depreciate yourself, either." Steve said with a soft smile as he observed the finished frame. "Time to get the mattresses on now? Is it sturdy enough?"
"I was going to come over anyway," Tony replied with a raised eyebrow, plucking the paper from Peter's hands, "You and I need to have a talk, young man."
All the blood rushed to Steve's face, quickly getting out of the car when they were parked. He went to the driver's side and practically dragged Tony out of the car and into the house.
It was all just so much all at once, leaving Steve just a noisy mess. He couldn't even form the words to warn Tony as he got close, coming hard soon after and vision whiting out for a moment.
With that, Tony surged forward and captured the blond's lips again in a meaningful kiss, tilting his head ever so slightly in order to deepen it. He moved his hands around Steve's waist, moving them enough that he could recline the other on the length of the couch. The shift in position earned him a soft sigh of contentment from the smaller man beneath him, slender hands wrapping around the back of his neck to tug him down further.
"Well, it'll explain all the gifts," Tony hummed, smooching Steve back, "Here, go fill mine somewhere else so I can fill yours, okay? No peeking."
Steve stopped his movements for the moment, looking to Tony softly. "Don't let you what, love? What don't you want to do?"
"That no organs were missing." She stated simply. "The way he was cut down the middle would suggest the culprit did so in order to take organs. But all are accounted for."
"Both you are so much alike. Ya both gotta hurt yourselves acting silly." Steve shook his head fondly, kissing both o their heads. "I'll go take care of Sammy real fast. Give him his teether and a change, okay?"
"Hey, it’s okay buddy," Tony soothed, kissing the top of his head, "I get scared sometimes too, nothin' to be ashamed of."
"You should. Lists are good things to have with you for stuff." He murmured, eyes locking with Tony's as the finger traced his lips. He took Tony's hand instead, kissing lightly along the man's knuckles.
Peter waited for Steve to unbuckle him before hopping out, grabbing Steve's hand to drag him toward the building.
"Steve--" Tony whimpered quietly, biting his lip to keep from moaning "--we can't, not with the kids upstairs, even if they are asleep." He thumped his head against Steve's chest pitifully, mumbling apologies into his shirt.
"Right. Right. In the baby classes." He said calmly, eyes in the road. He was quiet for the moment before speaking again.
"Shut up. Wait till I'm really subby, I'll make you bathe me," Tony chuckled, nuzzling into Steve's chest, "Of course I'm comfy. It's all the belly fat."
"Yes please," Tony grinned, settling his hands on Steve's thighs, "Aye aye, Captain. Full speed ahead."
"Really? God, you were allergic to everything," Tony mumbled, adjusting Sammy in his lap, "I'm sorry you went through that, though. I'm sure you gave Sarah and Bucky the biggest scares of their lives."
"I'll call Mama after breakfast. She might bring Howard, but hopefully not. She's been trying to get us to tolerate each other," Tony sighed between mouthfuls.
Tony woke an hour or two later, comfortably snuggled up to Steve's warmth. He yawned, stretching until the ache in his back flared up.
As Tony walked down the hallway to the bedroom, he looked at a set of paintings on the wall in passing as he often did. It was a set with four pieces. One yellow, one blue, one red, and one white. Tony always smiled as he passed them. They always reminded him of that one time a certain art major came up to him and asked if he would be the subject matter for his final project.
"These are anal beads," Tony replied, proud that he could keep a deadpan face, "They're-- fuck, Steve. I had a string at college, and they were so fucking amazing. I lost 'em in the move though..."
"All right pal, thanks. And don't let her get you too bad." He smirked before ending the call with an excited hum.
"Oh, so now he's bambi? I'm offended. Passing off my pet name." Steve said with a grin, helping Peter out of the tub and handing him to Tony. "All right. You guys get all dry and clothed.
"This is it," he grinned, turning to Steve, "I don't think I can carry you over the threshold, though."
Steve nodded, flushing at the pet name as he began to strip down his lower half. He stepped out of his pants and undergarments as instructed, a slight chill running up his bare legs from the air hitting them. He glanced down at himself and his flush grew, seeing what it was that Tony was talking about prior.
Tony smooched Peter's cheek, ruffling his hair before returning to his own schematics done in paint.
Steve hummed at the touch, eyes drifting close. "Mmm, you sure make it easy to sleep doin' that, though..." He hummed before falling asleep.
of vigorous sex. We might try some stuff over there, I got a few things hidden away we haven't tried yet."
'Thank you, Tony. This is brilliant. It about killed me not being able to say anything.' Steve said with a grateful sigh. 'I mean, I would've endured, since it was my decision to trade my voice... but I am glad I have a second chance so I can communicate with you.' He finished happily.
"No, honey, not you," Tony murmured, getting both his arms around the boy, "I'm sad over something else, and Papa's sad 'cause he can't help me, that's all. Nothin' to worry over, promise."
The blond adjusted slightly without waking Peter for the moment so he wouldn't roll over on him in his sleep. Once settled, he joined his boys in slumber.
Steve quickly looked to Tony, heart sinking in his chest at the news and just the expression on the man's face.
"Well that's very good Peter. That takes a strong will. Especially with your Daddy and Papa." Natasha pointed out with a smirk, making Steve's cheeks go red again.
"All checks out. Thanks. I don't trust anyone else to work on it, so thanks a lot, Tony." He smirked, patting Tony on the back as he stood. "And we'll talk more in detail for dates and stuff for your getaway when squirt's napping." He assured.
"Steve? Hon, whenever you're done fiddling up there, the gang's here to wish us off," Tony called up the steps, juggling Peter on his hip.
"You're such a nerd," Tony laughed, penciling in the last of Steve's outline, "Alright, you're done."
"Shush, loudmouth," he snickered, finger-fucking Steve faster, "All I should hear is this vibrator. That's it."
"Right, right," Tony took a breath, pulling back to rest his head in Steve's chest, "No more seafood. I'm not taking chances."
"Tony?" Steve called out softly so he didn't manage to wake Peter and headed to their bedroom. He saw the bathroom door closed, worried about what could be happening behind it.
Steve pulled out a small black box, opening it to show a slightly worn gold band. "It was my dad's engagement band. He gave it back to my mom saying he'd be back for it and her when he came back from the war."
Tony gently rocked Peter and hummed under his breath, rubbing his back till the boy's eyes slipped shut.
"Actually, I asked him." Steve grunted, helping set down the desk for a moment before taking it upstairs. "He has a, um, very nice aesthetic." He smiled softly.
“Do you mind if I stay here for a while?” Bucky had asked out softly. No one was sure if he was asking Natasha since she and the others were leaving or Bruce because it was his lab, but the question was there. “I could look up information on a tablet while I’m up here, but I kind of want to spend some time with Steve for a bit.”
"Secret kink," he mumbled, "Wanted t'try it out, worked beautifully--" Tony laughed breathlessly, content to hold Steve's body against his chest. "Like making you mine."
Tony's voice trailed off into a series of quiet moans and groans, trying his hardest to not buck up into Steve's mouth. The blond patted at Tony's thigh, letting him know it was okay as he managed to take him to the hilt, nose lightly brushing against dark hair. Steve gave a low hum for further encouragement. Tony took the signal and slowly thrusted up into Steve's warm mouth, lacing his hand in Steve's hair.
Bruce just left the subject alone for now. It was silent for a minute, save for Tony's slight metallic clinking as he worked. Bruce tried starting a new subject of conversation.
apparently wants to come back over here to you and say hello." Steve said with a grin, turning to Sharon. "May I?"
"The room next to the Master Bedroom is the perfect size for a nursery, and it'd be really close to us," he trailed off.
Tony held back his laugh, proud that he could keep a face set in stone. "Very well. On your feet," He ordered, already standing, "And bend over the desk."
"I'm the real lucky one," Tony muttered to himself, nosing at Steve's thigh before sitting up, covering his fingers and lube and warming it up, leaning back down to gently prod at his entrance.
Tony looked over at Steve, making kissy noises at him. Steve noised back, still laying on the floor relaxed as he looked up at Tony and Peter on the couch.
we discuss potential enemies Mr. Wilson may have had," Tony answered, running a hand through his hair, "Now, Samuel, may I call you Samuel? Please, tell me your story."
"I know, I'm sorry Mr. Schmidt. I had a late start this morning. I tried to get here as fast as I could, though." Steve explained truthfully.
"Peter, I'm sorry bubba. I'm trying, I really am. I don't ever to feel like you are being ignored or anything, baby boy." He said softly, coming to sit on the bed softly.
"I'd like to do it, thank you." Steve said quickly, bouncing off of the bed and over to Tony. His hand trailed gently along the plush fabric of the robe, slowly stopping along the tie.
"Well, you're going to make me sign a lot of papers. Which probably won't happen. Feed me, make sure I sleep, answer calls, yadda yadda. You're basically the Dad I never had," Tony scoffed, "It's easy, really. I'm just a difficult person."
"I never had a place in mind. And maybe I want to go to California?" Steve shrugged and smiled warmly. He gently grabbed onto Tony's shoulders.
break." Steve insisted. He snuggled up against the boy, kissing his forehead. "So that means Super Papa Furnace Powers activate!" He chuckled.
"A kitty would be nice, but Daddy is allergic to kitties, Peter. Like what happened with you and the shrimp." Steve answered the boy softly, apologetic eyes and all.
"Yeah baby, it's your big boy room. Papa and I thought the other one was getting a little small for you," Tony laughed, stepping into the room so the others could look.
"I know. I won't be able to discipline him at all," Tony sighed, "You get to do that, Papa bear. I can already feel that he'll go through the bratty five year old phase."
Sammy blinked and put his hand up to his lips, babbling while he attempted to 'blow' kisses at Peter. Pete blinked, doing the motion back, giggling when Sammy repeated him.
Steve simply shrugged as he continued to cook. "Nothing bad or embarrassing. Promise, babe." He hummed at Tony.
"You'll find that my approach to punishment isn't as direct. I prefer to tease. Play a game of wills." He purred, running a slicked finger over Tony's entrance.
"I have terrible knees, it's a genetic condition, asshole," Tony complained, pouting up at Steve. He crossed his arms haughtily, trying to look angry, but instead looking like a grumpy dog.
"Please do not make me come here again, Gene. I am a very busy man, and I do not want to have to get my father involved in your shit of a business," Tony clipped, staring down the gnarled man, "Now, Stevie here's gonna do his job, and after his shift, he's going to come work as my personal assistant. Okay? Okay. Glad we cleared that up."
He gave Peter one last kiss before standing and setting him on his bed, barely managing to keep it together while he sought out Steve. Standing in the doorway to the studio, Tony completely lost it, looking helplessly at his husband with tears stinging his eyes.
"Shh shh, Sammy. Don't cry, sweetie." Steve tried to soothe, rubbing at the baby's back. "You're just not big enough yet, baby. When you get a little bigger, we'll all color lots."
Tony let Steve start to sign while he carefully arranged Peter on his hip to free up his dominant hand; it took all of ten minutes for the papers to get signed, at which Tony's heart started to pound once the nurse went into the nursery to get Sam.
"Da water feels good. Jus' don't like dat its wetter den da baf." Peter said softly, letting Tony scrub his hair.
"Yeah, you can curl up to me, bambi," Tony teased, kissing him back, "Pizza sounds amazing, dearie."
"I really can't wait for the baby, Stevie," he whispered, "We're gonna have two minis running around, and we're gonna have bath time again and story time and we get to go baby clothes shopping--"
As the three played through the games, it was evident where each of their "strengths" lie. When they had played Soul Calibur, Tekken, or basically any game that required fast button combinations, Tony won by a landslide. Steve was dubbed "The Mini-Game King" due to his absolute conquering of all of them in Mario Party. Bruce was surprisingly good at the war-based games. Steve and Tony always had a hard time finding him, and Bruce would always end up catching them as he passed through like a ghost. They never saw him coming and they never saw where he went afterwards.
"'Course it does." Steve smiled up at Tony softly. "It sounds wonderful. Thank you." He sighed, eyes falling closed again, but staying awake.
He reached to cup Tony's face, bringing him into a loving kiss. Tony returned the kiss, noisily smooching him.
"Yeah, he probably won't be making full words for another year," Tony explained, wincing when Sammy crawled across his stomach to get back to Steve, "It's just how babies are, lovie."
"Well, I re-heated it. I get hungry too, silly," Tony laughed, kissing Steve's cheek, "Mmm, you don't feel as warm to me, babe. After dinner we'll get you showered and we can settle for a movie."
"I lub yew," he mumbled into Steve's pant leg, hugging him as tight as he could, "I didn' mean t'make ya upsets--"
“Syl!” Dodger answered in an enthusiastic noise, rubbing against Tony’s legs to try and help his trainer calm the other down.
Tony gently lifted Sammy from his carrier and took him over to the nursery, making kissy noises at him. He set the baby on the diaper station and grabbed a new diaper and an onesie, smiling at the grey elephants that dotted the material.
"I don't know. That's like you and Bruce's 'roommate bonding' thing isn't it? I don't want to be in the way.".
"What do you expect? I never had to pick anyone up with any before." Steve kissed back happily, cupping Tony's face and licking softly against his bottom lip, asking for entrance. "Mhmm."
He set the oven on to preheat and placed the step stool next to him so Peter could help cut the cookies with the shapes. "Which shape you want first, bubba?"
Steve helped adjust everything to Tony's design, getting the big part of the furniture situated. Bucky snorted and rolled his eyes, going to find the box with the hammock in it.
"It’s okay, brotha. You'll get it. Jus' gotta keep tryin'." He said with a small smile. "You jus' get back up if ya fall."
"That's my job. Take your kiddo to work day's coming up, so I'll take him in to the Tower. I'll order the stuff and have it stored in the guest house, and you can get Buck to come over and help you set it up."
Steve ran his hands along Tony's back, breathing gently. "That's why I told him they were booboos. He thought they were funny lines. He wanted to get a marker for you to help them match before that." Steve explained softly, kissing Tony back. "You should rest. You're exhausted..."
Tony was way too startled by the sneeze, turning around with wide eyes at Steve. Immediately, he slapped a hand to Steve's forehead, grumbling to himself.
"Oh, Peter--" Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, taking a second to stare off into space.
"No cherry for me, though," he added, scooting down into the warmth of the hoodie, "And get Pete a little strawberry one. He's been good lately."
Steve rolled his eyes playfully, smirking back at Tony. "You are relentless, huh? There are subtler ways to ask for a blow job, y'know?"
"Ah, ah--fuck--" Tony pushed back into Steve, back arching as he hit his sweet spot. "Steve, Steve, God, yes, right there, please," he begged, mewling loudly.
"I'll take him, you clean up and get Sammy all ready, text me when you get there," he called over his shoulder as he swiped his keys and wallet, running out to his Mercedes to hurriedly stuff the boy in.
"Pretty sure you are, too." the blond laughed warmly, swinging an arm over Tony's shoulder as they sat on the couch, humming contently.
Steve smiled, chuckling gently. "Really is. Just think about when we'll have two to do this with for a little while. At least until this one hits his tween phase and finds it embarrassing."
It didn't take even a second after Tony came before Steve fell over the edge, moaning loudly as he felt the other clenching around him. His grip on Tony's hips loosened and his body twitched as wave after wave of orgasm pulsed through his body.
"Pepper. I'm sorry, Tony's mentioned you but I didn't know what you looked like. I'm Steve Rogers. Please come in, we're all in the living room."
"It's funny." Steve whispered gently, glancing up at Tony. "Funny how you can be rough with me, then your touch is so gentle. So strange..."
"Not to lessen the punishment. A genuine compliment." He breathed softly. "You look very attractive, Sir. My boyfriend might get mad if he found out I was looking at you in such a way..."
"Oh my god," Tony groaned, laughing slightly, "Maybe. I do have pie in the fridge, and I wanna have cream with that."
"Of course, Stark..." Steve sighed, heading down the stairs as he mumbled under his breath. "Because apparently I'm the door man and it’s completely good form to answer the door in pajamas..."
The blond reached up to run his fingers through Tony's hair appreciatively, moving his hips up slightly.
"Only fer a lil' bit, doh. Unca' Buck says big boys dun use binkies." He stated almost business-like. "'N he says it'd mess ma' teef."
Steve rolled his eyes softly, leaning at Tony's touch. "All right, fine. Although you babysitting is a given as an older sibling, y'know." He chuckled, turning to kiss Tony back sweetly.
"I guess you're right. And it sort of gives him mentally his age to play with." He laughed, turning away from the welding. "At least until you guys have another little squirt running around. How's that working out, by the way?"
It took him a few minutes, but Peter eventually wore himself out, slumping tiredly against Steve's chest with small hiccups. "I feel bettah," he mumbled, wiping his nose on Steve's shirt.
Eagerly, Tony nodded, nearly slipping as he dashed up the stairs, crawling on top of the bed to watch the door with ready eyes. The blond grinned at the apparent eagerness in Tony, heading off to change quickly and go upstairs.
“Spidahs," the boy replied proudly, showing Steve the purple and green arachnids on his paper, "I luh's spidahs."
"I would love to go see the house, Tony. I'd love to see how it looks in comparison to the way you described it. It sounds great."
Steve nodded and settled as well, letting his eyes slip shut as the others had fallen asleep. Things would be all right. Everyone will get used to the new addition to the family tomorrow.
"Sorry! Sorry. Didn't mean to squish you." Steve said with an embarrassed grin, looking at the ring then back to Tony.
Steve let his eyes look Tony over for a moment, looking somehow attracted and slightly bashful all together.
"You two are absolutely adorable," Tony murmured, pulling up his sweats before climbing in on the other side of Peter, letting the boy tuck up to his chest.
"Then get workin', Rogers," Bucky laughed, directions already on his knee as he started to piece together the desk, "Don't be a slowpoke."
Thank you guys for reading! This will probably be my last bigger fiction until the holidays start. Once this semester of college is over, I will be a free bird until about the second week of January. I might try and work on other ones I started that seemed pretty liked out the gate. It just depends on what strikes me I guess. If you like this fic, check out some of my others! I love it when people read my things and enjoy them~
“Syl Syl!” Dodger nearly barked, darting out the bedroom and towards the elevator that went to the other floors.
He sighed happily, moving on to putting away plates and bowls. Steve moved along to go help Tony, setting some of the things on the higher shelves that Tony can't reach himself.
He lightly dragged his nails down Steve's chest, flicking a nipple. Steve gasped at the touch, leaning with it as Tony moved.
Tony clung to Steve and tried to keep his sobs quiet, completely tucking himself in to his husband's chest. It took him a few minutes to come down from the emotional high, headache slightly subsiding as he realized Steve was rocking him, singing that old lullaby under his breath.
Steve grinned back in reply, happily hugging Peter to him as he did. "Yeah, we do. We can't wait. And Peter, this is where you'll come in." He started. "Daddy and I will need you to teach your little sibling all there is about being a kid. You'll get to be a big brother, and your little brother or sister is gonna look up to you on how to act. Think you can do it?"
"If you cry, I'm gonna cry for sure." Steve said, shaking his head with a laugh. "Oh jeez, we're fucking saps."
"Uh, okay..." He spoke out to no one, turning and deciding to head upstairs to check up on Peter and Sammy.
"She said deh last soulmates was born in deh '90s," Peter explained, "New soulmates aren't bein' born."
"Well, it’s the kinda kisses that two people who really, really love each other share. Adult kisses."
"Oh God, Tony. What did I do? You're bleeding." Steve said with an apologetic look. "I should've-- I'm sorry. Can-- Can I move you to the couch? Would you be okay?"
Tony gives a questioning noise, glancing at the old photo of him with his father with a frown. He thought he had thrown it away long ago. "That there is your grandfather. Howard." He replied, the name coming through nearly gritted teeth.
"I thought we was gonna be in you 'n Papa's bed?" Peter said pitifully, Steve nodding gently in reply.
"I'm going to finish dinner and see the guests out, and I'll come back up--" He flushed faintly. "--clean the desk and do some paperwork while you sleep."
"I never been much of a drinker. At least not the hard stuff. A beer now and then when I'm hanging out with the guys." Steve explained, deciding to reach up and help wash out Tony's hair. "But I've never had a Sex on the Rocks. Have to tell me what’s needed so I can go get it for later."
"There is time for more sleep later." Steve insisted, humming at the touches. "This is a rare chance for us to do quite a bit. Just, like, have a marathon."
"Do you actually have a box just for things not to touch again?" Steve asked with a grin of amusement. "Remind me to go looking for that. I'm curious."
"I was thinking the same, actually." Steve stated warmly, offering up a soft grin. "That's my regular here. I was going to find out what you liked and find a compromise, but it worked out, didn't it?"
"I've got a cabin out west, and I wanna take Steve for a romantic getaway week and some. Candles, rose petals," He mumbled, a faint flush rising on his cheeks, "We were hoping you'd take squirt in so we could go."
"We need to get you something to eat and laid down to rest. You'll need it." Steve cooed softly, rocking Tony gently. "I'll get Sammy tonight so you can rest, okay? Get you feeling better, sweetheart."
With a resigned sigh, he got up from his worktable, accidentally getting grease smudged on his forehead. Before opening the door, he grabbed his scarf to hide the tattoo around his neck.
"Don't wanna hurt you, babe." Steve gasped, giving only shallow, slow thrusts now. "Still got--ah-- a little to go..."
"It’s not a bad thing, Tony." Steve grinned, walking towards Tony, wrapping arms around him. "You are perfect snuggling height."
Steve broke from his nostalgia and actually looked around, eyes meeting the genius standing in the corner. Tony had a grin on his lips, hands in his pockets, and was wearing a uniform similar to Steve's. All it missed were the pins and medals that adorned the soldier's own.
"If you could do it with just him, I think it'd make his day," Tony murmured, smooching Steve's cheek, "I'll keep dinner going, you go play with baby bear, okay?"
"I like this." He admitted. "Getting to just relax, have fun and spend time as a family. It’s really nice."
Tony looked over and immediately picked up the boy, ignoring his silverware clattering to the floor.
"Can't even have fun in our own room. Terrible. Terrible, I tell ya." Steve joked softly, glancing at Tony with a grin on his lips.
Tony bit down on Steve's neck to keep from crying out as he came, stars dancing in his eyes as Steve still pounded into him.
"Oh, do ya now?" Steve hummed up at him, leaning with Tony's touches. "I'm not even allowed a hint? I mean, will I have to pack for warm or cool weather?"
"Now, what gave you that idea?" Steve teased, handing Tony his plate and making the man a glass of orange juice. "Eat your food, darling." He said in a joking tone.
"Then we can get you some fluffy handcuffs. I don't feel comfortable about mentioning my estimated penis size in public, please." Steve whispered, the tips of his ears and the back of his neck heating up.
The blond cracked his eyes open softly, seeing Tony next to him again and gravitating closer to him as they snoozed. He kissed at his fiancé's cheeks sweetly, wrapping around him comfortably. Tony nuzzled him back in his sleep, curling into Steve's warmth.
"You've made me so goddamn emotional," Tony mumbled, nosing at Steve's palm, "I'm getting choked up over a little person that isn't even
Tony grumbled profanity to himself, unable to help the laugh in his throat. "The universe could not have picked a better person for me to fall in love with, y'know?"
Peter rolled his eyes, but didn't say any more, opting to dig out his dark green crayon to scribble in grass. His tongue poked out of his mouth while he doodled, trying to concentrate.
Steve had plates in his hands to carry to the dining room, stopping and giving a fond smile at the new weight on his back.
Tony could only agree in soft noises, hands clutching at the sheets as he bucked into Steve's hand, starting to pant harshly; He whined like the needy person he was.
"About a half an hour." He hummed, moving up to nuzzle Tony's chest. "So we've got a little while--".
They would come randomly, drifting down into the water from the world above. When Steve wasn't busy with his more serious military duties, he would go to investigate the objects. They fascinated him. They were so different from the objects they had in the ocean. He started to go looking for these objects any chance he got and had started to collect the ones that fascinated him the most. One object he found sparked his interest in particular one day.
He grinned, going over to his liquor cabinet to pull down an old bottle of whiskey, setting shots up on the table. Everyone made a noise of approval as they migrated towards the table and grabbing a shot glass as they were poured.
Peter was startled out of his thoughts by a jump scare and a loud-pitched screech, causing him to scream and fling himself into Steve's lap.
"Love that I can make you sound so great, Tony. Love making you feel good, baby." He preened, kissing carefully at Tony's face.
"Well den I'm jus gonna look f'the yellin's you's talkin' 'bouts," he groused, slumping back against the couch.
He stole another kiss before sweeping Peter up, making dinosaur-growling noises at him as he carried the squealing boy over to the couch.
He packed the blanket carefully into the bag, adding a couple changes of clothes and diapers before heading back downstairs.
Tony fired up the car, backing down the driveway and roaring off towards Red Light, two towns over. When they arrived at the front of the store, Steve was rather surprised at the store. Compared to Bruce's discreet, kind of hole-in-the-wall place, this was essentially a small Walmart. A Walmart for sexual items.
"Well, I think you do wonderfully. You've done great with Peter." Steve pointed out, gently rocking them together.
"Before you start yelling about the mess, it was Peter," Tony deadpanned, motioning to the flour and batter splattered over the kitchen counters.
"We can do that. I could probably do mine in a silver to go with your gold. And I'll put it in the same lettering since this is a Victorian house." He smiled back, practicing the writing to use for the mural. "This will be great when it’s done. Our own stamp on the place."
"You've got me there, but I am more of a tried-and-true superhero guy myself. My all-time favorite is Captain America.".
"Hmm... It'd be nice to finish the mural up. All we need is our lettering, so it shouldn't take too long. So that would be perfect." Steve smiled back, kissing Tony's nose. "Let’s head up."
“I hate that you make sense.” Tony grumbled, earning a warning growl from the blond “The real question is if we can get ahold of him to probe for information on this. He always seems to be dealing with other magic shit when we ask for his help.”
Tony trotted down the corridors in a fury on his way to his father's office. Not once had Howard even bothered to talk to him all semester long, so why did he want to see Tony now? No doubt to tell him how much of a screw up he is. That's all he ever seemed to talk to Tony about when he ACTUALLY paid attention to him.
The group all took care in comforting Tony so he stayed calm as he tried to eat. Tear-soggy toast never tasted good. There was another ring of the doorbell, Steve going up this time to get it.
"I really hope not. I enjoy being your PA." Steve said coyly. "But I just can't work for a boss who'll be mean to me, Mr. Stark.".
"Nope, no, no no, that's never happening, we'll shift nap," Tony snorted, "Especially since I'm used to the odd hours."
"Is this okay?" Tony asked quietly, looking at Steve gently. "I know Raavi can be a bit much when you first meet him. Especially since you don't really have much experience with people to begin with."
Steve sputtered a bit as he tried to think. He was happy they were wanting to decide to adopt, but he wasn't sure about handing Sammy over just yet.
"As Riley and I were walking back home from work, we noticed something lying in the alley beside our apartment." He continued, trying to keep his voice from breaking. "We...investigated the presence to find that it was Wade, lifeless and body sliced open..."
"Mmm, still. I haven't rewarded you in a while, pet," Tony hummed, tracing a finger over Steve's lips, "I want to. Let me?"
"You're such an old man," Tony laughed, scooting down to place sloppy kisses all over Steve's face, "My favorite old man."
Tony buried himself in Steve's heat before coming, arching off the bed with a breathy gasp. Steve panted, gasping in euphoria as he felt Tony coating inside. He tried not to let himself collapse on top of Tony as his limbs felt loose.
Tony stared at the three before sheepishly ducking around them, getting warm pajamas before going to take a shower.
"We are going to talk about all of this later." Steve continued, with a sigh. "Anyway, Peter and I came down to propose an idea."
"Uh-uh. Only been a week," Peter grinned, snuggling into Steve's chest, "Unca Buck an' I pwayed a lotta games an' Auntie Tasha made me a cake--"
He walked over to Steve's front, leaning down to smooch his cheek. Steve smooched back softly before Tony headed back again.
"That doesn't make it your fault, Tony. I should've been more aware." Steve sighed, shaking his head.
Steve came with a moan soon after, feeling Tony clench. He helped them both ride out their highs, rubbing soothing circles into Tony's hips. "So good, Tony... So, so good..." He panted out, leaning to kiss the man gently.
"Yeah, twerp, go put the movie in," Tony laughed, standing to clear their plates, "Wanna go wait upstairs for me, Stevie?"
Steve turned to see a familiar mermaid staring back at him. Her brunette hair flowed gently in the water, but her eyes and tail fin both twitched with irritation. Steve straightened his back, not showing any signs of being intimidated. He looked back at the brunette and curtly nodded.
Now to deal with Tony. He headed down to the workshop, knocking on the door loud enough for Tony to hear. He learned the lesson of coming in last year.
"There we go! Good as new!" Steve grinned, blowing a raspberry on Sammy's tummy before scooping him up.
"I love you too, bambi," Tony hummed, "More than you can imagine." He chuckled, still petting Steve's hair. "You've turned me into such a sap, y'know."
The brunette looked at the blonde nervously, afraid of what Steve possibly meant by 'choices'. Sensing the question look, Steve clarified his statement.
Steve woke next later in the morning, bleary eyed and arms still wrapped around Tony. He tried to keep still, allowing Tony to continue to sleep soundly. Tony yawned around ten, slowly blinking as he woke up.
"It's not that baby, I promise." Steve headed over to console the boy. "It... A bad thing happened to Daddy's mommy and daddy. And he misses them, and that makes him very sad."
"What was your brother like?" Steve asked curiously. "Was he ever involved in a negative crowd? Have any enemies?"
Tony put his hands behind his back, a nervous blush rising on his face. "Well, I--ah, Sir, I can't tell you," he mumbled, "You wouldn't like it."
"If he's not too busy still sleeping, that is." Bucky chimed, but ultimately agreed. "We'll catch you lovebirds later. Or, y'know, whenever you decide to leave the bedroom."
"Then I'll get you cleaned up." Steve grinned back, kissing Tony gently before getting up with a small grunt, heading to the bathroom.
"We'd--That could be something to discuss...?" Bucky said with an unsure tone, looking to Natasha and earning an accepting nod. "Yeah, we'll discuss it."
"Are you sure about that?" Howard muttered. "That would mean you wouldn't get to see your 'friend'.".
"It's a blueprint for my work, baby. It's--ah, its formulas and an outline of how I want my next machine to work," Tony tried to explain, “Look, Papa's drawin' yooou."
"I mean, not for more than an hour or two," Tony replied carefully, "Sammy's only five months, and I don't mean to be a hen, but I do want him back as soon as possible. However, we haven't had 'us' time, really, since Sammy was born, so...."
"For the beginning process, yes." Sharon said with a smile. "Once the papers are all approved and everything, then there will be more as we progress. But for now that’s all we needed to go over business-wise. Unless you have any more questions?"
"Your sketchbook. It could have some drawings in it to help jog your memory. If we could find that-- May I?" he said in askance, gesturing around the room.
"Oh, um, all right." Steve whispered back, kissing Tony's cheek. I'll meet you when everything is settled." He answered, carefully cradling Sammy as he headed up the stairs.
"Peter, you helping Sammy is so sweet. Why are you upset that I saw that, baby?" Steve asked, feeling bad hearing upset in the boy's voice.
"Maybe. That's only one suggestion, though. I'll need you to work your magic to get us in to the morgue so we can see the body," Tony continued, fiddling with his pipe as he put his hand on his hip, "Think you could get the corner to sneak us in? If not, I'm sure we could get Clinton from the Yard to get us in. He owes me a few, anyway."
?!" He said, appalled, "I'm glad you didn't get hurt, Peter, baby, but Tony, you got burned and didn't have it at least
"Look at you, big boy! Sitting up all by yourself." Steve said happily at the baby. "That’s a big job. Good job, bubba. We'll have to show Daddy sometime when he's awake."
"Alright Socrates, whatever you say," Tony laughed, juggling Peter on his hip, "Let's go wait for your aunts and uncles, 'kay?"
After about half an hour, Steve was a little suspicious. Peter was quiet. He cleaned his paints up and headed toward Peter's room, not finding the boy.
"'Cause I trust you." He stated in a sigh. "You know how to do this all perfectly with me, so I can--
Steve laid back down next to Tony, giving him a grin. "Oh, I look forward to it, darlin'--" he preened, kissing his lips quickly. "And I'm not a Stark-Rogers just yet. Not officially, anyway."
Iron Man, right? Actually, that suit looks pretty buildable. I don't know if iron would be the best choice, though. I'd go with a titanium alloy of some sorts. More aerodynamic."
"Well hi there." He said softly, gesturing to the mug of coffee beside him. "Fixed you a cup." He hummed. "How was he doing?"
The baby huffed softly, taking the binky from Steve and popping it back in his mouth with a small squeak. He smiled toothlessly up at Steve, reaching up to pat his cheek.
Steve grinned back at the boy, smooching his face. "Then that's what we'll go to do. Because I like that idea very much."
Peter let the water wash out his hair before sitting up, letting Steve grab him with a towel and lift him out.
"Well, so much for an early night in..." Steve murmured into his teacup. "Well, it has been a while since we've dealt with a murder. Why am I not surprised? Bound to pop up sooner or later, eh?"
"You really are insatiable..." Steve muttered, whining again softly when Tony's lips touched his tip. "You were so close to Peter walking in here."
Tony laughed, pulling himself off Steve before cuddling up to him, gently laying on his side. He unclipped the collar and tossed it somewhere, breathing heavy into Steve's chest.
He made sure Steve was asleep before allowing himself to drift off, protectively wrapping his arms around his husband.
Peter nodded, taking Steve's hand as they walked down to the kitchen. He stood on his tiptoes to get the peanut butter from the fridge, grunting as he carried it over to the counter.
He waited for Steve to walk off toward the kitchen before scurrying by, hiding the gift under his bed. With his penguin still clutched to chest, Peter toddled back down to the kitchen, walking in on his dads kissing.
Peter sniffled and nodded, barely slurping at his milkshake on the way home. Once they were home, he unbuckled himself and sadly got out of the car, trudging inside with his half-empty cup.  After Steve unbuckled Sammy and grabbed the diaper bag, he turned carefully to Tony.
'Its fine. If you trust him, its okay.' Steve said carefully. 'What all will Raavi 'make happen', exactly?'
Tony broke down into sobs, burying his face into Steve's neck to keep his quiet enough so Peter wouldn't hear. He shook on top of Steve, completely breaking down.
"Sammy hurt his nose I guess." Steve said worriedly. "He was sitting up by himself and so happy, but he raised his hands and fell down on me."
Peter's lip wobbled as the lady dived in, taking her little crate with her. She swam up to a cluster of the creatures, opening the crate to let the chum float to them.
"I am only helping him out with his art project. Yeah, he's a friend now and we hang out a lot, but do people have to make such a big deal about it?". Tony's voice had slight spite hidden behind those words. Howard outwardly groaned and squeezed the bridge of his nose.
Peter nodded quickly, doing just that as he ran into the room. He dried off his body and his hair fairly quick, moving to slip on his underwear and try to get his clothes on properly.
the surprise, by the way. Probably going to get some in every color under the sun at the point." Steve chuckled softly.
"It's hard, though," Bucky replied, leaning against the wall, "I mean, if you don't believe it yourself, it's hard to believe other people."
"Fanks Papa," Pete whispered, quickly scrawling his name and 'Daddy' on the tag before sticking it and the bow to the gift.
The jet boots flickered to life, giving off enough power to shoot Tony up to the ceiling, effectively smacking his back into the concrete before shorting out, causing him to fall.
“You guys don’t have to go digging for werewolf lore. I can always go looking for it myself.” The captain insisted, shaking his head. “I’m sure there are plenty of rabbit holes to go down involving the subject.”
"Thank yoooou," Tony sing-songed, nuzzling into Steve's chest, "And for the record, I have sensitive eyes. I do
did I marry you," Tony teased softly, placing light kisses over Steve's neck, "Hmmm, mighta been for the fun we had
"Be good! Love ya, munchkin! We'll get you first thing in the morning!" Steve yelled, waving as Bucky's car started to pull away.
Steve hummed, relaxing at the touch. "Mmm...you're going make me fall asleep. Long day, comfy bed, handsome sight in front of me... I'm all set." He chuckled back.
Drying his hair a bit before standing him up, Tatianna moved Steve to the barber's chair, settling him in front of the mirror to start her work.
"I couldn't have said that better myself, munchkin." Steve hummed, holding both his boys close again. "Words truly can't describe how much, honestly."
Tony put on a fake smile for Steve's sake, getting up to put Sammy in his bassinet. Steve could feel the real emotion behind Tony's smile, feeling bad for him. He turned to Peter with a serious look.
"You don't understand, the guy has some sort of vendetta against me. He has just been looking for a reason to fire me." Steve chimed before he headed into his apartment to change.
He hugged Tony close, nuzzling the top of his head softly. "So this sounds like one of those supernatural scary movies, with like ghosts and stuff? I like those best when it comes to horror. Not big on slasher films."
"Don't be sorry, baby. You have nothing to be sorry for, okay?" Steve soothed, bringing up Tony's food and medicine again to take when his stomach settled. "Lay down and relax. I'll get a trashcan to put by you and I lay with you."
to be here when we go pick up Sammy?" Tony asked, stuffing a piece of waffle in his mouth, "Don't you think that many people will scare him? I'd let him get used to us first."
"You think?" Steve whispered back gently. "You've said that you did before. I hoped that was still true." The blond hummed. "Well, I think I love you too."
Tony nodded wordlessly, shoulders a bit stiff as he helped cook. Once everything was ready and set, Tony set the table, brushing his fingers through Peter's hair.
"Soon enough, we'll get you your own crayons and a coloring book." He explained in a still calm tone. "We'll have fun, little bit."
"We would have come here to help you in a heartbeat if we had known. If you're ever down, you can always call any of us."
He hid his face in Steve's back during the ride, glad that the oaf gave off so much body heat. Steve was grinning the whole way, enjoying the feeling of Tony pressed against his back. He parked along the curb, right outside of a hole-in-the-wall pizzeria called Giuseppe’s.
"Be as loud as you want, baby," Tony breathed, slicking his fingers before easing one into Steve, curling the digit to get him to relax, "Scream my name."
"We're supposed to take him over there and they would bring him back sometime tomorrow." Steve pointed out as he followed them upstairs. "So we have to get dressed too."
Steve let out a noise meant as a chuckle at Tony's last statement, laying back and enjoying all the touches and praises. He hugged Tony slightly in their position in thanks, running his hands down the man's back slowly and softly.
well. But I assume that's gonna happen when you keep shoving things in me. I mean, how many fingers did you add with that thing?"
"All right, all right. C'mon guys. Breakfast." Steve stated, calling everyone to the kitchen. "The sooner we eat, the sooner we'll get the show on the road."
"Right," Tony hummed back with a smile, smooching Steve's cheek, "They'll be back in no time, and you can make a cuddle nest to hen over. Okay?"
"Uh..." Tony flushed, shrugging, "I usually don't talk about my past, unless something stupid like this happens."
," he murmured softly, "being a domestic, married man with a son and hopefully another soon, the company's going well, I'm going to get better--"
"Okay, silly bear, whatever you say," Tony laughed, taking Steve's and his luggage, "I'll go put this in our room, okay?"
"Well," Steve began, "By the state of the body, Mr. Wilson seems to have died between nine and ten o'clock last evening. It is still unknown as to why the specific parts were taken from him, but they were taken nonetheless."
"He wanted to learn," Tony shrugged, "He saw me feeding him and asked to learn, so I taught him. He can't quite hold Sammy up, though."
He kissed the boy's temple again before standing, going back down to the living room where the tree and garlands were mostly back in place, with a much frazzled Steve on the couch. Peter wiggled out of Tony's arms and went over to him, immediately curling up in his lap. Steve jumped a bit, feeling a little boy suddenly in his lap. He reached down slowly to pet at Peter's hair softly.
"Oooh, Steve, not with Peter next door," Tony grinned, not budging an inch, "Thought we agreed not to scar the kid."
Peter rubbed at his eyes and shivered in the cold of the bathroom, whimpering as Steve helped him into the shower.
"I didn't mean it that way, love." He said quietly. "I meant... Just the specialness behind it. It happens a lot with married couples. Especially with kids. It’s just a rut that happens in marriages. Doesn't mean it can't be brought back. We'd just need to shake things up a little. Make it special again instead of a routine."
He stopped and glanced into the next room with a hum. "Is this the room you said would be a good nursery?"
"Ya vampire." Steve snorted back, slipping on his boxers. He grabbed up the panties Tony had on last night and managed to scoop Tony up to carry inside, burrito'ed up in his blanket.
"Y'so good, Steve, so beautiful," he breathed, scraping his teeth over the heated flesh before taking him in again, gently bobbing his head into a slow rhythm.
"You just have to be asleep in a little while before he comes." Bucky stated, grabbing a slice of pizza and a bit of Chinese food.
Tony grinned, tugging Steve towards theatre 5. Following behind Tony, Steve helped him pick seats in a row near the middle. Steve checked to make sure his phone was on vibrate before slipping it back into his pocket and taking Tony's hand again. Tony turned his phone off completely, bumping shoulders with Steve before curling up in his seat, resting his head on Steve's shoulder.
Tony quickly scooped the boy up and dried him off, efficiently stuffing him into his undies and pajamas.
Rolling his eyes at his father, Peter slipped the gloves on and got to work. He was nearly done when the front door opened, causing a chill to go down his spine; he stripped the gloves off and bolted for his room, locking the door and diving under the bed.
Steve smiled proudly at the boy, smooching on his cheeks. "When'd you get to talking so big? You spend too much time with Dad." He joked.
He quickly squirmed out of his clothes, whining as he tugged on Steve's shirt. Steve quickly whipped off his shirt and shucked it to the side of the bed, slipping out of his jeans as well.
"He was completely active not even five minutes ago. What happened?". Bruce paused the song and spoke quietly.
Sorry it has been so long since an update! I have started to try and get back into writing again, and have been working on updating this series and “You Want Thingamabobs?”. I will be alternating between the two on updates, so please stick around!
"Beyoncé? Really?" He said with a large grin growing on his lips. "But yes. Yes! A thousand times yes!"
He winked, giving Clint a hug before walking them out to the truck, hugging them again before waving them off, arm around Steve. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony in return and waved, leaning into Tony softly.
"Put your sneaks on, kiddo, brush your hair and comb your teeth before coming down for breakfast," he teased, ruffling Pete's hair.
"Love gettin' all pretty for you, babe," Tony purred, ripping Steve's boxers off, "Love your cock in my ass, fillin' me up--" He gathered the precome from his own cock to open himself up, gasping and whining as he sunk down onto Steve.
"Just relax and let go, Tony. Come when you feel you're gonna." He moaned, knowing he wouldn't last much longer himself. "This is about you. You feeling good, baby.
"Mmhm," Tony murmured happily, feeling completely drained, "Thank you, love." He nestled into Steve's chest until he was lowered into the water, waking up slightly to clean himself off.
"I can go start on that, if you want? Get dinner going and you can hang out with the boys a little." The blond offered. "See if Sammy'll blow ya some kisses."
? It's gonna be fucking fantastic," Tony breathed, adjusting the ice pack so he could cuddle up to Steve, "Mmm, I have to give you your gift too. And we gotta use Bruce's stuff that he gave us."
"I won't kill you, anyway." Steve hummed, filling in the lines of Tony's shape. "Just think of it like a coloring book and you should be fine. You're just filling it in." He grinned.
Steve hid a smile at that. "See? Mini you. It’s amazing to think you’re not blood related, you guys are so much alike." Steve stated. "That’s why I love you both, lots--"
"And I don't ever want to lose you. You're too damn good to lose." He whispered wetly, caressing at Tony's face.
"I got it," Pete promised seriously, helping them unbuckle Sammy once they parked in Bucky's driveway.
"He's so affectionate," Tony hummed, breaking off soft bits of the muffin to feed Sammy, "And he likes chewy muffin."
Three pieces. Steve was to do three pieces, but there was another one on the bottom. It was on a blank white canvas and was still only the sketch of a head. Tony assumed it was unfinished because the face was missing.
"You're lucky your eyes do what they do to me." Steve teased, leaning down and kissing Tony. "Sheets are still in the dryer."
Steve's cheeks tinted a slight pink at the mention of something like that, eyeing the beads carefully.
"JARVIS, keep record of this. Sammy's making a breakthrough and I want Tony to be able to see it later." He asked quietly, eyes locked on Sammy. "You've got this, baby boy. I know you do."
He stretched Steve as far as he thought the blond would go before pulling the vibrator and his fingers out, marveling at how his hole stayed open.
"I don't think there could be a better family for him," she replied softly, tussling Peter's hair, "Take care, guys. I'll see you in the morning."
"Oh, um, okay Peter. You can go play in your room for a little bit then, okay?" Steve said, trying to keep a blush away as he watched Peter leave.
"Three and a half, to be exact." He pointed out. “And I would think that a good idea. Just not sure if it’s too soon after yesterday's fiasco to whisk him away somewhere."
Clint opened his mouth to say something, but was quickly silenced by a look from Bucky, putting his hands up in defense.
"Oh, Peter, honey--" Steve started, wiping the tears from the boy's eyes. "We'd never stop loving you, sweetheart. Never ever. You are our sweet, smart boy and nothing would change how much we love you. Which is a lot."
"Hnnnn..." Steve grumbled, barely awake as he nuzzled Tony back, but eyes stayed shut. "But’s comfy and warm, Tony...."
"I texted Pep to make the arrangements that she's been nagging me to make," Tony looked over at Clint, eyes slightly distant, "I couldn't-- I didn't want to be a burden on anyone else. I was already putting a lot on Steve with my insane mood swings."
He leaned up, languidly pressing his mouth against Steve's, nibbling on his bottom lip. Steve gave a small whine at that, wanting, wanting so badly to capture those lips. Capture the taste. He ran his hands along Tony's back, giving a soft nod up at him.
Steve placed the ruler on the desk for now, sitting down on the desk and looking at Tony carefully. "You haven't been paying attention much in class." He stated, adjusting his tie a bit. "Now, I don't know if you are just constantly distracted by something, but every time I ask you for an answer, you don't know what I've been talking about."
"We did. And I have your cookies. Three of them, since you earned them." The blond said carefully, examining the boy's face.
"I just want to stay with you like this for a long while." He hummed sweetly, continuing to simply kiss at Tony's skin.
"We talked about your little 'hobby', as you put it." He stated softly. "You don't have to do that ever again, Tony. You can come to me if you have troubles. Because if you were to...cut too deep and I wasn't around to help, I--". He swallowed quietly, shaking his head. "I just don't want you to hurt. And I don't want to lose you because you were hurting and I didn't know about it."
"I really don't know what to do, Stevie," Tony whispered, leaning up on an elbow so he could pet his husband, "I don't want to see him so upset, but he
"Beautiful as always, Miss Potts," Tony called after her, turning in time to see the disappointed look melt off Roger's face.
"Thank you, you little cutie." Steve giggled, blowing Sammy a kiss back. "You'll have to show Daddy when he comes home how you blow kissies, bubba bug."
"Now, I don't want you to move, or make any noises," Tony ordered, thrusting the fairly large dildo in and out of Steve, "Understand?"
His arms shook as he held himself up above Steve, carefully pulling out and flopping down next to him. Reaching up, Tony brushed the sweat from Steve's brow, giggling softly.
"Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night." Steve finished at a whisper, softly shutting the book and kissing Peter's forehead before he left the room for the boy to sleep.
"Just so you know, Daddy and I were sad because we miss our mommies and daddies. And that they didn't get to meet the wonderful boy you are." He said softly.
Tony nodded sleepily, making a tiny affirmative noise. Once he let his eyes close, he fell asleep within seconds.
"I will put you over my lap in point five seconds unless you tell me what you did that made your Father so upset," Tony frowned, "Now, Peter."
“That is not the case, so no, that’s not the announcement.” Steve answered seriously, clearing his throat.
"And bingo was his name-o," Tony replied, shifting Peter to his other hip, "Speaking of arm, I need to give you that tune-up I promised. Your bicep's looking a little worse for wear."
"What kind of rumors, exactly?" he asked in all seriousness. Howard's expression stayed constant, or if anything it only got more intense.
"When you start to get a bit better, you can lay in my lap and I'll play with your hair, alright? We'll watch a movie together," he hummed, "Sound good?"
"Alright. So, pre-you, I was on a bender. Drugs, alcohol, sex-- drugs was only high school, though. I got outta that
"We'll talk more after you're rested," Tony murmured, wincing as he stood with Steve, somehow managing to carry him from the workroom to their bathroom; he laid Steve down in the tub, filling it with hot water. "You okay?" he murmured, brushing Steve's bangs back.
"I know you don't, but know that someone had to feel you were." Steve said quietly. "The universe apparently felt that you were. Honestly, I don't feel worthy enough for you sometimes. But I remember we were matched for a reason."
"I--Can we move away from it?" He asked quietly, looking down towards the other. "I'm...not comfortable doing this in front of it..."
Steve watched carefully, really tempted to reach out and grab the feet again if it got Tony to laugh like that. It was infectious.
Tony startled himself awake, breathing heavy as he looked down at Steve. He tried to speak but could only whimper, laying down to curl into Steve's warmth again.
He covered the top with a bow to hide the contents, taking it back to its place to hang before heading back to their bedroom.
"Its fine, Tony." He smiled reassuringly. "Think about this; this is how I was at the beginning of you talking about the sex things. You've helped me be used to that. So I will help you be used to the romance-y things."
"What you liked or didn't like, other things you want to try," Tony hummed, leaning up on his elbows.
Once he was alone for a few minutes, Steve grabbed his paper pad and pencils as he padded to the living room. He settled himself on the couch under one of the throw blankets Tony had around and got comfortable. He has never drawn or really written anything before, so he made a few tests on the paper to see what to actually do. Once he started to see marks being made, Steve grinned. It was actually kind of fun just making nonsense shapes with the graphite on the paper. He continued this a while before he finally asked JARVIS if he could start playing a movie on the list.
"Oh, so she gets to be in cahoots, then." Steve hummed. "Don't know why Tony had me call then, but is tomorrow night good for you all?"
"Awe, lighten up a lil, Stevie," Tony teased, wiggling his backside and sending the blond a wink, "Just a little harmless talk."
"Steve? Everything okay?" Tony hobbled down the steps, managing to get over to the couch while looking between them.
"All we have to do is tease Pete about his girlfriend from ballet," Tony replied seriously, grinning.
“Sounds great. Thank you, Bruce.” Steve answered, sitting himself up with a grunt so he take a plate and begin to eat. He was so hungry that he nearly inhaled all of his breakfast before Tony had even started his first plate. When he noticed, Steve cleared his throat sheepishly, a slight flush creeping onto his face.
Steve blinked over at Tony softly, nose making a small sniffle as he slowly went about cleaning himself.
He held his hands out to Tony and Bucky, smiling as Clint begrudgingly went along with the hand holding.
"Butterfingers! U! DUM-E! Daddy brought a friend for you to meet!" He called out, three metal masses starting to move around and whir. One started to roll forward before Tony tutted.
Steve wriggled slightly on the couch happily, excited to try human food! He didn't know what exactly pizza was or what cooking is, but he figured if Tony liked it,then it must be good. As long as it was better than krill and seaweed.
have and never would, baby. Please don't-- If--If I lost you, I--I couldn't-- I don't even want to think about it."
"Bye!" Bruce yelled from his place, walking towards the back door, "If you all need me, I'll be trying to get
"Steve?"  Tony's head poked around the corner, voice laden with sleep. He took in the picture, blinking slowly.
"Yes. Yes I would." Steve answered back softly. "We probably wouldn't gotten along as quickly, but I have no doubt we would've ended up together eventually. And we have too good of a thing to give up on. So yeah, I'd still stay."
"You're so loose, Stevie, you really must be fucking around with this boyfriend," Tony hummed, knowing he himself was completely hard by now, "How's he gonna feel about having someone else's cock in your ass?"
switch up roles," Tony laughed, kissing on Steve's collarbones, "Whatever you want, babe. Anything."
"Relax, hon. That's a good boy," Steve purred, kissing at Tony's temple and waiting to feel the man adjust. A moment later, he began to stretch Tony, slow and gentle in his movements but getting the job done.
“Please, dear Jesus almighty--" Tony groaned, rolling his hips back, "Please, officer, I need you so bad, my cock aches so much, God, please--"
"Alright, alright, everyone upstairs for Peter's last gift," Tony laughed, gingerly taking the novel from Peter's hands before the boy ran off, "Look for the bow, sweetie."
Steve looked at the exchange, a bit confused on what was wrong. "What's the matter? I think it’s really neat. Peter likes it, too." He explained.
"Again, I want to apologize for the wall. He really had the best intentions for Clint." He explained. "Thank you for watching them, though. We appreciate it."
"Pepper's here, so now all that is left is Bruce and we'll all be present." He hummed, settling back onto Tony's lap.
"Yeah, but there are always so many people out there though. Don't wanna risk shooting someone. Lawsuits and all.".
Steve smooched Peter's face happily and sent him on his way, starting up the mixer getting the mix started all up as the iron warmed. Peter skipped up to his room and wiggled out of his onesie and undies, standing nude as he stared at his closet.
"Yep. All ready to go." Steve replied with an unassuming smile, taking Tony's free hand in his as they headed back home. "Bread smells wonderful."
"Well then, that will be something to use on our vacation. Along with my stocking stuffer." Steve grinned softly, leaning in for a quick kiss.
"Get used to it. I'm a bed hound," Tony laughed, letting his eyes slip shut, "I've been in bed for days before. Like, only getting up if I have to eat or somethin'."
"Please, Mister Wilson, Riley, sit-- Rogers, go have Miss Carter make us some tea while we discuss matters," Stark asked, flicking his eyes over his new clients.
"I suppose, but they are just rough sketches. Most of my better work is all back at my dorm or in the studio.".
"Ah-- I can see why ya like 'ta do this. Feels good--" He praised, a bit of his accent coming through.
He smirked, scooting backward to tug off Steve's slippers and khakis, tugging off his own ascot before helping Steve out of his shirt.
"I'm sure you're right, buddy. He has problems sleeping a lot and stays up working sometimes." Steve hummed as he started making up pancakes and some scrambled eggs. "He also has trouble sleeping when he gets upset like last night."
"Maybe when he is making things, but the rest of the time is what I worry about." Steve explained, putting some of the blueberries in the mix and handing some to Peter to toss in. "He's a troubled man."
He had lost this Tony the same. The Infinity Stones' power still too overwhelming to the other's body when he snapped; When he saved their universe.
"You're already starting to rub off on him, Peter. But Daddy's right. You can't take care of those things by yourself completely just yet. One of us have to be around to help."
"Welcome to my workshop. You should be honored. Few get to step foot in this place." Tony teased with a wink, pulling up a stool for Steve to sit on before he stepped closer to the middle of the room.
Tony grinned, trooping back to the other side of the desk to grab the lube from the top drawer. He kissed Steve's nose, ruffling his hair with a quiet 'I love you'.
Steve looked to him carefully, forcing the pink to stay off of his cheeks. "Again? When was there a first time?"
He leaned over and kissed Steve again, only pulling back to grab a notepad and pencil from his side drawer.
"Love you too. Very much, Tony." He hummed turning to his side to look at the younger. "I'd wrap up around you, but I don't want to get you messy, y'know."
"From what I've heard, soulmate marks aren't found on children born in 2000 or later," he replied quietly, "But it’s possible that they aren't of age yet to get their mark."
"No, no, sweetie. Its okay, just grabbing a towel to get you dry. Shh." Steve comforted, swaddling the baby in a fluffy towel to dry as he carried him up to the nursery.
Slipping his hands down to Steve's hips, Tony opened his mouth slightly, gently nipping on Steve's lower lip.
"You always are the clever one, Miss Potts. That is the exact one." Steve replied with a small smile.
"Next time you can occupy him, I'll go in and set up some other stuff I built," Tony murmured against Steve's lips, "God, this kid is
"I think that's a perfect idea. No wonder the other teachers say you're brilliant." Steve grinned at the attention. He wrapped arms around Tony's waist, tugging him close and sneaking a hand down to grab at Tony's bottom.
"Yeah. Yeah, that feels a lot better..." Steve responded breathlessly, letting his legs fall now that the discomfort between them was gone. He reached up and felt a dampness on his shirt, shivering slightly from the feeling of it.
"Must've been good, then." Steve grinned, kissing the top of his head. "Well, I brought up coffee and sandwiches. We can eat and then do something, if you'd like."
Peter nodded softly in reply, letting Tony continue. "They’s very grateful. He saved da day!" He cheered, lifting the duck in triumph.
Peter picked up his spoon and started to eat, smearing cheese sauce all over his lips and face. Tony hid a grin in his food, wrapping his hands around the warm bowl.
"I know, I know..." Steve sighed, stopping his hands. "But I should still be able to love on you like this. It’s my right as a loving husband to do so if you wish me to."
"Take a guess. Only one chance though." Tony ducked his head to kiss at the head of Steve's cock, slowly taking him into his mouth.
Tony blabbed while he took the mail, not even looking at it while he tossed it behind him. Steve's face warmed a bit, thankfully not enough for a blush. But he nodded carefully in reply.
"I love you, too. And you are always forgiven, gosh Tony." Steve whispered back as he hugged Tony tight. He kissed at Tony's neck until he remembered the state they were in.
"Okay, okay." Tony chuckled, sitting with Peter on the couch. "This is the story of how your genius father met your hunk of a Pops..."
It would get closer with each dream, and each time he tried to speak to it, he would awake. Same aching, old bones. Same cold bed.
"Not a loss at all," Tony murmured, drawing Steve in for a kiss, "Come on, you. I'm actually tired and I want to fall asleep in your arms."
"I can see you limping," Tony pointed out, grabbing one of Steve's hoodies and throwing it on as a second thought, "But if you don't feel good, we don't have to do that anymore."
Steve chuckled lightly when he heard the grumble from Tony as Peter crawled over him. The blond kissed the boy's face and ruffled his hair.
Steve gave a sheepish smile back, looking to Tony. "You're one to talk, mister." He said with a soft chuckle before heading down to the kitchen.
Bruce understood the boy's look and carefully opened his gift, pulling out a very antique chemistry set.
Tony let go of Steve and moved his hand back to his hips, leaning forward to kiss his breastbone. "Take your time, babe," Tony breathed, hitching his hips up slightly.
He simply laid and quietly settled behind the other until he heard soft snores from the small body pressed against him, trying to process in his mind how they ended up in this position. Tony Stark was curled up against a former merman in bed after they had a round of hand jobs with each other. He had been in weird situations, but this was definitely close to the top of the list.
Steve chuckled warmly, nuzzling Tony's cheek sweetly. "Get some rest, Tony. So you're well rested for our date." He hummed.
"It might do you good to get a nap too after we visit Daddy." Steve chuckled lightly as they headed to the workshop.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him for a moment, wondering what 'interests' are involved with Red Light that Bruce didn't have.
Steve leaned down to Peter's level, nodding gently. "While you get cleaned up, I'll go wrap it for you. And when you're done in the bath, I'll let you put on the name tag and the ribbon, okay?" He whispered back
"Don'--don' feel bad," Tony hummed, turning a tiny smile to Steve, "Best all that blood came out of an accident and not 'cause of m'self, right?"
"Um," Steve started, clearing his throat as he tried to get past how much he was like Tony right now.
"I'll go out and get it since you were out already." Steve offered, bouncy Sammy gently in his arms.
"He's talking about Cap, Peter." Steve explained lightly. "He is my character like Spiderman is for you and Iron Man is for Daddy."
Steve nodded as they walked into the kitchen, sitting down at the table with a sniffle. “Good. The sooner whatever this is is gone, the better. And a movie sounds great."
Steve rolled his hips back carefully and let out a groan. He grabbed a hold of Tony's body carefully, moving them around gently.
"Fuck, fuck, please Steve, ooh--oh god," Tony moaned, white blurring his vision, "Fuck me, Steve, no making love or shit just
"Close..." Steve warned softly in a moan, head resting against Tony's chest and nuzzling into it. "'m close already, Tony..."
"Fella? Really? You're such an old man," Tony snorted, "Yeah, yeah. A few things. Dunno if you'll like them, but they're there." He shrugged, leaning down to kiss the top of Steve's head. "I mean, I'm totally not opposed to using them
Okay!" Pete grinned and dashed off, practically slamming himself into Tony's legs. Tony quickly scooped the boy up on reflex, kissing his nose while waltzing him into the kitchen.
It wasn't much longer after when Tony came with a soft cry, thick and hot come coating Steve's hand and his own stomach in bursts. The other managed to help him through his high, Tony's lax arm reaching to stroke against the blond's cheek in thanks and praise.
is, do you want to fuck me in these panties? 'Cause if you do, I gotta take the corset off. It's--pretty fucking tight." He paused. "Among other things."
Steve cut Tony off by raising his hand up in a gesture to stop. It was quiet for a moment until he spoke.
"That's good," Tony murmured, waiting for Steve's cock to swell a little more before removing the cockring.
"Maybe sometime we can." Steve agreed, nodding softly. "As long as you let me know if it’s too much when we do. I'm not big on hurting someone who doesn't deserve it. Even if it’s playful.”
Tony sighed quietly, letting Steve go in the room first. He made Steve sit on the bed, while he dragged over Peter's bedtime story chair.
Tony quietly opened the door before heading over to scoop up the fussy baby, smooching his forehead.
He sighed happily, nosing at Steve's shoulder. Steve hummed sweetly as Tony watched through the window inside, glad the man was reminded of something happy and nostalgic.
"Love you so much, Tony." He whispered, leaving a light kiss on Tony's lips before falling straight to sleep.
"Of course, Sir. I cannot have my reputation tainted by an incident to the principal's office." He gasped.
"...Yeah," Tony replied, raising an eyebrow, "You alright there, Pippy Longstocking? You're not usually this--" He waved his hand. "--hyperactive."
"Scared? What is it you're scared of?" Steve asked softly with concern in his voice. "What are you afraid of that's giving you nightmares like that?"
"Do dey hurt, Daddy? Sowwy. I twying not ta hurt yous." Peter apologized, hearing the slight change in Tony's voice.
He chanted Tony's name as he fell, body wound tight but patient to allow Tony to get to his own orgasm as Steve rode his out. Tony sealed his lips over Steve's, trying his damned hardest to silence him. He breathed heavily, and feeling Steve tighten around him, fell over the edge, burying himself to the hilt.
Tony paused and put a finger to his lips, carefully sneaking over to the Peter-bundle on his tiptoes. Waiting a beat, he scooped the boy up, blanket and all, placing sloppy kisses on Pete's cheeks.
“Stevie. You’re serious?” He asked carefully, empathy in his expression once Steve nodded in assurance. “Last night was the full moon. You changed. That’s why you’re in there, right?”
Once he was finished packing the little Superman suitcase, he brought it downstairs, not surprised to see Peter already finished his breakfast.
"We should have them do the list for Doctor Rhodes while they're here," he mumbled, "Get that over with."
Steve's grip on the chair had finally loosened completely at the reassurance, tears building in his eyes as the form finally was close enough,
"I weigh less, so yes, technically," Tony murmured, running algorithms in his head, "I mean-- was that an invitation?"
He popped bread into the toaster, hopping up onto the counter. Fiddling with his cup, Tony kicked his legs.
He carried the boy over to the waiting nurse, helping Pete into his little gown, gloves and booties before donning the wear himself, leading the boy into the room.
“Eager, hm?" Tony opened one of the desk drawers to pull a bottle of lube out, quickly coating his fingers and warming up the liquid.
Tony sat back quietly in his chair, putting his coffee cup on the table with shaky hands. Drawing his knees up, he clicked the TV off, giving himself a second to process the information.
Steve kept with the spankings a bit longer, making his hits harder because Tony hadn't spoken up of it being too much yet. He just hoped he wasn't holding out on purpose.
"God, Steve, I've been so selfish, I can't-- fuck it, we're starting over, completely new-- we can get married again," Tony babbled, relaxing at Steve's bubbly laugh, "Yeah-- yeah, god, I love you, and I'm so sorry--"
"Says the man who thinks running ten feet is exhausting." Steve scoffed with a harder smack. "Seriously, a first grader? As if Peter hits harder than me."
"Daddy? Are you and Papa awake?" The boy asked quietly outside the door, not entering the room just yet.
Steve's face held a calming seriousness. Tony looked back at him, a smile slowly twitching onto his own face. Before he realized he had reacted, Tony jumped up into Steve and gave him a tight hug. The blonde was shocked for a moment, but then smiled and hugged the brunette back.
Sammy whined in Steve's arms and reached out for Peter, bursting into tears when he wasn't given back right away.
"You're really pretty, all nice and open for me like that," Tony murmured, flicking the vibrator off, "Alright, no more mean. You can talk."
Steve started walking towards Tony, reaching towards him. Steve grabbed onto the ARC Reactor in Tony's chest. Tony tried to fight back and keep Steve away from it, but he couldn't move. He was cold, frozen in place.
"Mmmm, not at all, bambi," Tony murmured, leaning in to kiss him sweetly, "You're still young and beautiful, and definitely the best arm-candy a man could ask for."
Unsure exactly what to do, Steve moved a hand out to gently pet the bot's crane. This earned him some happy little beeps, a smile growing on his lips in response.
"Oh my god, Steve, still such a little 'un," Tony teased, "Like the first time I caught you in my office--"
"It may not be the point you are trying to make, but I can't just ignore that you admitted to it." Tony laughed with a cheshire grin, wrapping an arm around Steve's shoulders and pulling him a little closer to him. "Wanna know a secret, though?"
"That's only with weddings, I'm pretty sure, but we won't risk it. My clothes and everything is over there, anyway." He chuckled, kissing Tony's cheek back before heading over to slip on his old boxers and sweats. "I'll come back by when I'm done to 'pick you up'."
"I see. And a peculiar case it seems to be." Natalia hummed, leading them down a bit to a body covered on a table. "Virginia notified me that this is who you wished to observe? A Mr. Wade Wilson."
"He needs cuddles and things that make him happy. I hate seeing him all sad like that." He murmured.
Steve got everything set up for them to work, setting down the tarp and containers of paint. He sat down with his sketch book just as Tony came up with coffee. "Thank you, baby."
"I ask 'who is it' because it's not like you to be this way. I don't know if you think you'll impress someone, or if you're being bullied to the point where you take out that anger on your father, but it's still not okay to do that. Now, if it's
"I'm pretty sure there would be a lot of legal problems if you went around the airways in the suit." Steve hummed. "But the spandex would be doable." He chuckled.
"Coddling babies isn't everything to parenting, unfortunately," Tony mumbled, bouncing Sammy in his arms, "I can get babies to sleep fine, it's when they start talking that I have the issue."
Early morning sunlight poked through the room windows, a stray beam shining down on Steve's face gently. The light caused the blond to stir, waking slowly with a silent hum. He stretched his new limbs with small pops leaving his bones, being able to wiggle toes causing him to smile.
Pepper followed with a little boy still clung around her leg, even as they made it to the living room. "Hello, everyone. Merry Christmas."
"Tony? Tony, will you come out here, baby? So we can talk and spend time with you? Peggy's gone, so you don't need to hide out, sweetheart."
"Of course, baby." Steve smiled, leading the boy there. "We have to get your penguin and Daddy's shark, don't we?" He grinned. "Think I could get you to pick one you think matches me, too?"
"Talked about? No. Last I remembered I passed out in the lab," Tony replied, giving Steve a look. He paled slightly, then coughed. "Why? What did I say?"
He shook his head, pinching his thigh before starting his spanking. Steve mewled softly when he started to be spanked, lowering his head at the slight sting.
Steve bypassed the hand and surged forward from his chair, pulling the other into a tight hug and burying his face into the crook of Tony's neck. He couldn't help the choked out sobs that left his lips as he held the other. The familiar scent and warmth of the other was overwhelming, it was a comfort. It was safe.
"Just don't let him be giving you trouble, Tony. You keep me in touch." She warned, kissing his cheek. "I'll leave these papers with you to go through. Let you spend time with your... friend. But I expect you to explain this all to me in more detail later."
"I want to be able to meet them. To see all these things you talk about. Explore with you up here."The blond explained longingly. "But I'd need legs. And I am unable to just grow a pair."
"We'll take it all slow. But I love the idea of it." He said giddily. "It’s a lot to discuss, so we'll have to get all the information before we fully decide it all."
"Y'know, for someone who was complaining I made them sore, you sure are looking to have me make you sore again." He chuckled, running his tongue against the fresh mark before going to make another one.
"You better not," Tony grunted, wrapping his arms around Steve, "Clint would kill you. And then me, for being paranoid."
"Eager?" Tony joked, squeaking when Steve shoved him up the stairs, practically slamming him against the wall. "Yep, very eager, good to know," he wheezed, already trying to strip himself of his clothes.
Steve nodded with a small hum. "Mm-hm. Jus' tired." He sighed, leaning into Tony's touch. "Thank you...”
, and Poseidon's favorite creatures are sharks. The deadlier, the better," Tony hummed back, putting plastic wrap over the cookie tray.
"Daaaddy! Not in fron'a Sammy!" Peter griped, covering the baby's eyes despite the giggles from the little one. "It’s gwoss!"
He sat up and leaned over to give his husband a gentle smooch, sliding off the bed to pad over to their en suite.
“Can’t keep what hidden?” A familiar voice asked, a couple pairs of footsteps entering the room accompanying Clint and Natasha with them.
"Hopefully you'll soon learn to like my body," Tony added, grinning sheepishly, "Sorry if I come off as super lovey-dovey, I'm just super psyched that you're
"God, Steve, I don't know what to do other than go in and talk to the teacher, or pull Pete out and homeschool him. He needs the social groups, but he's getting teased and I can almost guarantee it's because he has two fathers."
"If you decide to touch yourself while I work, that's your own choice." He explained softly. "But if you don't decide to slick my fingers, well, I'll end up fucking you with my fingers and it won't feel as pleasant. So really, it’s your choice."
"Stark's a sneaky bastard, that's why," Bucky replied, pouting at Natasha, "Tomorrow's fine, I gotta go,
Steve smooched Peter's cheek as they headed upstairs, the boy nibbling his cookie but still confused.
Today was meant to be a good day, but somehow managed to fall to pieces. He forced himself to sleep, waiting until he would wake to Sammy's first cries of the night...
Tony nodded as he pulled on a hoodie and his shoes, lacing his fingers with Steve's once the blond was dressed. They trooped downstairs, Tony only letting go to gently shake Peter awake.
Steve grabbed softly at Tony's hips, helping him ease down onto him and rolling his hips up to help be sure it was all the way.
"Someone wants to say hi to his bubba." Steve said happily, joining the others on the couch with the baby.
"I don't mind you like a little bit of both. Come to find, I'm the same. I like when you're in control, but I also like making you feel good when I'm in control." Steve smiled softly. "What exactly do you want me to help with when we meet your parents?"
"That's mean, Rogers. Real mean," Tony huffed, scooting back out of Steve's arms, "You're getting punished for that. Later."
Tony bent himself over the desk again, whining at Steve. "Please Sir," he begged, practically bucking against the desk for friction, "Don't need much prep, just need you--"
"Very, very smart bud. I'm sure you'll grow up to be a smart guy just like Daddy." Steve praised, a smile in Peter's direction. "And smart guys get pizza for dinner on Fridays."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Peter hiccupped and nodded, wiping the tears off his cheeks as he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck.
Tony moved closer to look towards below the arrangement of the pieces. There were two pieces of paper printed with text taped to the wall beneath them.
Peter sat back when his stomach started to settle, hiccupping as he looked up at Steve. Steve grabbed a tissue and wiped off Peter's mouth as the boy sat back.
"Mmm, the ancient ones are priceless y'know," Tony hummed, shoving his other hand into his pocket, "So, have you thought about the cake? Or is that part of my surprise?"
Steve panted softly, wincing a bit as he lowered down. "Jus' cuz muscle weighs a lot..." He murmured, sighing in the water. "Y'comin' in with me?" He asked softly.
"He's carrying pretty much everything, pipsqueak," Tony laughed, bending down to scoop the boy up, "Let's go put you in the car so we can get outta here faster, okay?"
"I'm pleasantly surprised myself that I got myself a looker." He answered warmly. "Plus you're proving to be smart
Steve hummed thoughtfully at that, kissing Tony's cheek. "He is a mini you in a lot of ways, hon." He whispered softly, before speaking to Peter.
Sammy giggled again and blew more kisses, to which Peter sighed and rolled his eyes. He stood and put his markers away before trudging down to his room, grabbing up his biology textbook before settling in his hammock to re-read his favorite chapter: Arachnids.
"You haven't been insensitive, Tony." Steve reassured softly. "You've had a lot to deal with the past few days. I've had years to deal with this. It just resurfaced again in light of everything, but it'll die back down again, too. I've been more concerned with helping you through everything than that."
Tony stuck his hand out for a shake in agreement, which Steve took without a second thought and with a grin.
"Well that's real humble of him," Tony replied, taking one of Peter's hands to clean under his nails, "The people must be very grateful to have such a squishy ride back to shore."
Steve shook his head softly.  "I do not want that, Mr. Stark. I came here to inform you that I'd like respect in the workplace. From you and the coworkers. They all seem to think I'm sleeping with you for a raise with how often I visit your office."
"You can come. Just a little more and you will. Come for me, Tony. You'll feel so good, I promise ya." He whispered against Tony's ear as he thrust deep into him.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, leaning down to smooch the boy's forehead before going back to his breakfast. Sammy looked up curiously from his spot in Tony's lap, eyeing the food and reaching for the other half of his daddy's toast with a garble.
Steve looked at Tony only to see a gentle, warm smile on his face. He quickly made a rough sketch of the expression before speaking.
Bruce sighed audibly, glancing at the three next to him. "We should probably let the fiancés have their morning in," he said with a knowing look, "Tony's probably eager to get his husband-to-be back upstairs."
"I suppose." Steve hummed as he stood and pushed in his seat. "As long as you don't want any help cleaning up the kitchen from dinner first?"
"I wonder why?" Steve asked in concern. "Is it just like a headache? Or worse? I can go get you some pain reliever?"
Steve nodded softly, looking up at Tony as he settled into the bed. He made space next to him, patting beside him for Tony to lay down with him. Tony clambered on top of Steve, pressing his face into his neck after tugging the blankets up around them.
"I'll be out in a minute," he sing-songed, slipping on stilettos and the red collar, tying a bathrobe around himself.
"I still don't see why you thought it'd be funny to play as Sherlock and Watson," Tony laughed, shaking his head, "And
father. Whenever Peter is over, he always talks about what he got to do with his Daddy or what his Daddy taught him. The kid
"Mmm, I love the hue your face turns, though," Tony murmured, tucking a strand of hair behind Steve's ear, "It's like a cherry blossom in spring."
"Mmm--" Tony mewled into the bed, softly rocking back against Steve. "Need you, babe," he breathed, rolling his hips eagerly.
It completely went over Peter's head, but Tony laughed behind his hand, having to brace himself against the wall.
"Alright, so you're in the right position, now comes the actual dancing part." Tony started carefully. "Now this is probably the easiest thing dancing-wise and works the best with slow music.".
"And I love you. So very much, Tony. Always will. So never forget that." Steve answered back genuinely, kissing the top of Tony's head sweetly. "Let’s get some rest, all right? We'll talk more about it in the morning."
"I know he is. I'll take great care of him, I swear. I won't let anyone hurt him again without a fight." He assured with a curt nod, watching Tony walk up with the redhead.
." Steve insisted, face still red. "I told him that the yelling was just us expressing our love. And he said it was stupid and wants us to express quieter."
Pepper laughed softly at the expression, smooching Peter's face. "Hey, one out of a year isn't bad at all, Peter. Good job." She praised, causing the boy to grin.
," Tony held back his laughter, cleared his dishes and started to wash the used pans, "What else do you wanna do today? Or is it a 'stay home before I have to put on that goddam uniform again' day?"
Steve headed towards the bed, getting in this time to curl up around Tony instead of Peter. He wrapped arms around his husband's waist, leaving light, tender kisses along the back of his neck. He whispered small praises he felt about Tony each and every day, continuing until he managed to drift to sleep.
"Not telling. No looking, either." Tony scribbled down his list, folding it and putting it in his pocket before Steve could look. "Thank you, sweets," He grinned, easily gulping down the cup of coffee in three sips.
"Okay. All right." Steve gasped as he settled in, leaning down to capture Tony's lips in a deep, wet kiss as he started to move his hips with shallow thrusts.
. Leave sensitive subjects for days that aren't my birthday." He yawned, turning onto the opposite sidewalk to start heading home.
"Your jaw's gonna ache a little once we're done, but since it’s a basic gag, it shouldn't be too bad, okay?" Tony murmured, petting Steve's hair, "If you want out-- ah, tap my wrist three times. Since you can't talk."
"As long as its female strippers. And pretty but not too pretty. I'm terribly jealous and protective, come to find out." Steve admitted softly, playing with the last bits of food on his plate. "And I only didn't say it because I don't feel I should speak of it without my consultant present."
"Like heaven. Oh, yea, we're getting you one," He purred, striding off towards the aisle after tossing cuffs into the cart.
"Yessir," Tony moaned, barely able to get his hand wrapped around his cock before he came, covering the sheets in white stripes.
"You're certainly fit enough for twenty years younger," Tony murmured, "You have more stamina than me, like /damn/, Steve."
They all did their respective jobs, Steve helping Peter as he tried to get his toys all arranged neatly and the way he wanted. Continuing their system, they were done in no time.
"Hey, hey. You have nothing to be sorry for, Tony." Steve assured, stroking Tony's cheek. "I'm the one who bit it, I could've stopped myself, but I didn't. It’s my fault. Not yours. Don't be upset.”
He let himself back up against the wall, pulling Steve down to kiss him greedily. The blond kissed him back with just as much want, pressing flush against Tony and holding him against the wall with his body. His hands trailed the brunet's sides, hips rutting against hips in need.
"No, no. It’s not really that private. We were leaving the topic, anyway. You don't have to go, Tony." Steve said carefully, catching Tony's hand before he got away. "Got all your stuff set up downstairs? Got grease on you." He hummed, wiping a spot off Tony's face.
"Honey, we haven't gotten private time alone to take our time with each other," Tony murmured, sifting his fingers through Steve's hair, "Of
Steve made a noise of amusement, shutting his eyes. "Well, I'll be sure to the next time I see you being
"Hey, hey. No crying, you," Tony rolled his eyes, "C'mon, drama queen, we'll go do stockings, then breakfast,
"You're so gorgeous, Steve. So beautiful," He murmured, dancing his fingertips down Steve's chest again, "I could just sit here and enjoy you. I don't need to do anything sexual-- God, I'm turning into a sap."
Steve obliged and set it beside the younger. The brunette then picked it up and perused through the pages. As he looked at the sketches, Steve got slightly nervous. The guy had a great pokerface. Not a sense of acknowledgement towards the sketches. There was a very slight reaction however when he reached the last sketch. It was the one Steve did of the guy. Steve's face grew hot as the brunette closed the cover.
Tony beckoned to Steve and had him lay down, easily scooting back into his chest so they could both watch Peter.
"Night, Peter. Sleep tight." Steve said softly, settling with his boys. He got comfortable and let his eyes droop until they closed, falling into a deep and comfortable sleep.
He ran his hands over his face, still shivering a bit. Steve looked over at Tony with apologetic eyes.
The second time Tony woke up, the drugs weren't as heavy on his mind, giving him some semblance of sentience. He looked over at Steve, not surprised to see the blond curled up in his chair, asleep. With a sigh, Tony tugged out his IV, sitting up and stretching.
"Oh, no baby. Don't be sad, you did so good." Steve whispered, immediately going quiet after to not get caught.
Steve nodded with slight pink to his cheeks, flipping them around slowly on the bed. He straddled Tony carefully, looking down to him with a small hum.
He smiled as he watched the boy run off, heading into the kitchen to look for Steve. Finding his husband, Tony sidled up behind him, burying his face in his warm back.
"Peter Benjamin..." Steve said softly, moving around on the bed to pull Peter into a reassuring hug.
Tears were still streamed down his cheeks as he opened his eyes, the morning sun moving through his bedroom window. His old body ached as he moved to turn towards the opposite side of his bed, the side still cold to the touch. No Peggy. No Tony. Not for a long time, now...
