“Just forget it. Just get me my beer so we can both get on with our night.” The detective said, managing only to give away slight scorn in his voice.
John lifted an eyebrow.
Once again the guilt ridden voice in his head echoed;
“Hello Mrs. Hudson.. Err, not to sound rude or ungrateful, but what in the world..?”  John started, but didn't even get to finish his question before Mrs. Hudson answered.
“I-I can’t..” Sally hiccupped, still crying.
Besides them Lestrade growled dangerously and very roughly grasped the collar of the attacker’s jacket to heave him up a bit only to slam him back into the ground. “You bastard!! What the hell did you slip him?” He yelled angrily into his face.
When Sherlock did not answer John continued;
John was quick to join him as the opening credits started to flash across the screen.
This comment clearly baffled Donovan and Anderson as both their heads turned bright red in embarrassment.
“Right, sorry John.” Sherlock said he started to lower John back down.
Sherlock knew how hard it was for John every time he would lose a patient, especially when the death is a result of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, because some psychopath decides to take destiny into his own hands.. And worse of all is when John loses a child.. It’s by far the worst experience to have ever overcome the poor doctor; a child, who’ve barely had the chance to live, and then see the life of this innocent being slip right through one’s hands.. It’s a feeling you’ll never grow accustomed to..
To render Sherlock speechless it had to be something big so John turned his head to find what had caught his lover’s attention so abruptly. At first he was puzzled. It looked like Sherlock was eyeing two men across the room, having a heartily conversation, but then John recognized one of them. He looked down at the programme in his hand and found the picture of the conductor of the night. Sure enough, the clear Italian genes, the slightly greying hair, the small rounded nose and soft brown eyes. That man standing in the corner could be no other but André Salieri, the star of the night.
“Nice try love, but I’m still not going to help dissect a human brain in our kitchen. Which by the way, I’m still very much against you doing!” He added pointedly.
“Car accident?” Sherlock asked, curiosity getting the better of him for a moment.
! Understand old man? They’ll have to listen to their big strong boss man, won’t they?” The last part said with great sarcasm. The cameraman laughed, clearly loving the power he held in the moment.
“Mass shooting.. Downtown.. The patients just kept coming…”
Sherlock quickly replied with a
“Sure.” John said as he too entered the giant house. John made his way upstairs, slightly slower than usual as to not disturb his left shoulder too much. As he reached the top he was greeted by Sally Donovan, who emerged from one of the adjoining rooms to the crime scene. She greeted him politely as he reached the top.
John turned around with an annoyed sigh to face Anthea, who unsurprisingly, still had her head buried in her blackberry, tapping away at its keys.
“Hey we were just talking mate, don’t come here and tell me what to do!” John acted up, playing his role. Anderson then fisted John’s right shoulder, not really putting enough pressure for it to hurt. John let out a pained groan and let his knees buckle a bit, making it look like Anderson was really hurting him.
“What’s wrong?! Mrs. Hudson, you’re the one to have collapsed on the floor! Are you alright? Does anything hurt? Any headache, dizziness? Do you know what day it is today?” Sherlock rambled, his heart still hammering away in his chest, his arms still supporting his landlady’s back and head still afraid she might feel faint once more.
“You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you.” He recited as he’d done so many times before and pulled the boy up to a standing position before handing them over to the two officers. “Put him in the back of the car, we’re taking him in.” He said.
“Bloody hell are you alright Sally?! Should I call an ambulance?”
“Are you hurt?” John whispered harshly as he felt adrenaline flood his system.
“Thanks John.” Anderson said. “I just have to grab a few things from the van, I’ll join you guys in a bit okay?”
“You’re doing great buddy, keep it up.” John said reassuringly and rubbed the boy’s thin arms in a comforting way. As he looked closer it was clear to see the kid’s throat were swollen, this no doubt being the cause of his respiratory difficulties. John thought back to Dimmock’s quick resume of Daniel’s illness. A theory came to mind, but he couldn’t be sure until he got some more information. The Doctor turned slightly to look back up at Dimmock who’d moved himself a bit to the side to give John some room. His eyes and face portraying fear and worry from experiencing his dear boy in this situation.
“Sherlock, what’re you doing here? Is everything alright?” John asked when he reached his boyfriend.
“Head trauma.” John answered, not minding the stray question, having learned to love Sherlock’s, at times desperate need of needless information and rested his own head back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Thanks to you, yeah.” She answered softly, the shock clearly still affecting her.
Taking the cue Sherlock started talking;
Right now though, John and Sherlock looked on worriedly as they stood standby in cover, with several other officers outside the old warehouse holding the DI. Both men had initially insisting on going along inside, but had reluctantly agreed not to in the end.
John couldn't do anything to stop the slight hitch in his breath and his jaw to drop a bit as he laid eyes on the gorgeous man in front of him.
They didn’t look like homeless people the way they were dressed and while they weren’t fighting Charlie still got a chill down his spine. His instincts telling him something was very wrong.
Sally too seemed to shake off her unease with a determined nod and a deep breath of her own. “Right.. Our latest case is regarding a large growing drug ring in London that calls themselves The Syndicate, who mostly deals with cocaine. The organisation has more or less eliminated all competition in London. Normally we wouldn’t complain about a decreased number of drug rings and dealers in the city, but The Syndicate have accomplished their fast growing reign by brutally murdering the other reining drug lords. Now that they’re one of the only contributors in town they blend the drug with other impure substances to make their cocaine supply last longer for greater profit. This has resulted in an alarming mortality rate of people OD-ing on the stuff. We’ve been having suspicions they might soon try to export their business outside the country. DI Lestrade have been lead investigator on the case and in corporation with the narcotics division we successfully confiscated almost 300kg of cocaine hidden in an abandoned warehouse last week. You’ll get further information from the video.” Sally explained with a firm voice, but as she continued her voice grew slightly more sullen while she looked Sherlock in the eyes; “Lestrade made it clear you weren’t to be called you in for consultation on the case because…” But Sally didn’t get to finish her sentence.
“What a shame. You just look so amazing.. And clever.” John added pointedly.
Half an hour passed which Sherlock spent in front of the window, torturing his violin in an attempt to vent his frustrations. The brain in the fridge forgotten, there was no fun in dissecting a brain without John around, who’d spend the first ten minutes complaining about Sherlock’s need to carry out gory experiments in the kitchen where they prepare their food. Still, whenever it happened it usually ended with the doctor coming around and not being able to stop himself from grapping a scalpel to show Sherlock the correct dissecting methods. Sherlock couldn’t keep a small smile off this face as he thought back to a couple of those moments. This was just one of the many reasons John Watson was the perfect partner for Sherlock in every sense of the word. He couldn’t imagine anyone else ever putting up with his constant curiosity, need to learn new things and mood swings.
Suddenly Sherlock's long arms wrapped themselves around John’s torso and pulled the doctor even closer, burying his face in his jumper as he did so and Sherlock finally allowed his tears to run freely down his cheeks. He leaned closer to John, seeking more comfort and feeling the love in his soothing warmth embrace.
John smiled, but the smile soon turned into a groan as rubbed his eyes with his one hand. The last 15 minutes had been very intense and on top of already being sleep deprived John felt dead on his feet by now. Sherlock was quick to join his side and wrapped one of his arms around his doctor’s waist.
“I agree.” John offered back with a smile of his own.
"Feeling better I assume." John said and placed his own hands on top of his boyfriend's.
Sherlock kept his arm around Charlie for the whole cab ride back to central London. Charlie didn’t protest the gesture and even leaned against the detective in his rare vulnerable state. They dropped off Dexter near Hyde Park, but not before he’d reached over to Charlie and held gently on the back of the boy’s neck as he whispered something into his ear. Sherlock could not make out the words but he didn’t try to either, letting the boys have their moment. He knew Charlie had come to see Dexter as a sort of older brother and whatever he said made the young boy break into a soft smile and gave him a small nod as answer.
Sherlock was lost on whatever reference John was making and decided to go down to the bar and get John and him a refill, while the doctor kept on entertaining the masses. John was so enthralled in his own, slightly intoxicated epilogue that he didn’t notice his detective slip off and Sherlock didn’t want to disturb him. He already knew John would prefer another large Indian pale ale to drink so there was no need to ask.
“And you’re also not upset I didn’t tell you about him till now?” Sherlock knew he might be pushing his luck, but he wanted to make sure John truly was ok with the situation.
“Oh John there you are dearie, welcome home.” The elderly woman said warmly and threw her arms out as she walked closer to embrace the good doctor.
I’m sooo sorry this took so long, but this chapter was a lot harder to write than I first anticipated. While the title of the story is ‘5 times Sherlock Holmes was there for somebody’ this chapter also contains a lot of details of Lestrade being there for Sherlock in the past. I really wanted to explore the relationship between Lestrade and Sherlock. I may have made Sherlock at bit too OOC in the chapter, but I really just liked the idea that Lestrade being captured and tortured would effect Sherlock more than other’s might think, so I went with it.
“I don’t want to jump..” Was he said, his voice hollow and soft. “But I don’t know if I can keep going. I don’t want to go back into the system..” his young voice broke. “I just.. Want to belong somewhere.”
Sherlock struggled to find the words and looked down to his shoes. He dearly hoped John wasn’t too angry with him. He knew the doctor profoundly hated it when Sherlock occasionally wouldn’t be completely honest with him and John had clearly been looking forward to this night in a long time. Maybe now he felt like Sherlock had spoiled it all with his stupid sentimentality to his old teacher and friend.
“PLEASE SOMEONE, ANYONE! CAN SOMEONE HEAR ME?! LET ME OUT PLEEASE!!”
John had made sure to stack Sherlock’s plate high with scrambled eggs, bacon, beans and toast and had then watched with fondness as the detective dug into his meal with vigor. Sherlock had even, willingly, helped with the dishes afterwards which John knew was Sherlock’s silent way of saying ‘Thank you’.
Now as the DI lay alone, sleep rapidly creeping in on him, he took a moment to appreciate the man Sherlock Holmes had become. Sherlock might think he had been the one who saved the detective, but Sherlock Holmes had saved him too in so many other different ways. Tonight only adding to the list. He would make sure the detective got to know that.  Just as he was about to fall asleep, the door to his room opened and a figure entered only to close the door softly again. Lestrade didn’t even have to open his eyes as the figure took a seat by the bed and gently took a hold of his limp hand. Lestrade smiled softly into the darkness. Yes, he was grateful for all the Holmes present in his life.
“Urrg.. Yeah, this isn’t working Sherlock, I need to lay back down.” John groaned. The position he was in putting too much stain on his ribs, making it difficult to breath.
Sherlock kneeled in front of her and held her gaze firmly. “Mrs. Hudson! You’re clearly
“How long since you and my brother started your.. companionship.” Mycroft uttering the last word in an overly articulated way.
“Great, that’s great.” Molly said in an attempted cheerful voice, but shifted her gaze to her lap clearly trying to hide her disappointment.
“I know that, but now you look the part to. Come on love say something clever.” John said his eyes glinting.
“Pleasure.” John said as he reached out to shake hands only to have it greedily clasped between both of the other man’s.
touch him again!” The doctor growled angrily into the now completely terrified face of Anderson, who quickly nodded in agreement, not daring to speak in fright of angering the ex-soldier any further.
“He tutored me for 12 years until he had to move when he was offered the chance to work with a grand symphony orchestra in Austria, chasing his dream to be a conductor. Besides you he’s the only man I’ve ever considered a true friend. For almost the entirety of my childhood and youth, his lessons were my one place of sanctuary. The only time I felt truly happy and could escape from the chaos of the world and dark sides of my mind and while I understood his need to fulfil his dreams I was heartbroken when he left me.”
“I bet the whiskey is for you. You strike me as that kind of posh, pretty fellow who’d enjoy such an expensive, fancy drink, am I right?” The man asked, still smiling that eerie smile of his.
Sherlock is the first one to break the silence; “John.. I need to tell you something.” He says gently, his eyes never breaking away from John’s. John let’s one of his hands caress the detective’s back softly as he replies; “And what’s that Sherlock?” Sherlock’s hold on John’s jumper tightens a bit more. “I wasn’t really talking about Frodo and Sam.” He said with a straight face. John couldn’t help letting out a laugh. “Yeah I figured as much Sherlock. I wasn’t really either. Still meant what I said though.” Sherlock eyed him a bit skeptically once again. “Soo.. Just to make matters clear. You.. Love me?” he almost whispered the last part as he was afraid he’d just misunderstood the whole situation. John smiled fondly and brought one of his hands back to caress a sharp cheekbone. “Yes Sherlock, I love you. I love you so much.” John confessed for real this time, making sure Sherlock heard every word. Once again Sherlock’s eyes portrayed a world of emotions, happiness, joy, bewilderment, surprise and something John sincerely hoped was love as well. His hopes were answers quickly though as Sherlock answered with; “I love you too John. I just never dared to dream you felt the same.”
Sally turned around, back to the door. Beads of sweat were gathering at her temples, her breath hitching, realising she was dangerously close to hyperventilation. She moved the light franticly around the small room, just then realising in her half panicked stage that she was holding her phone. She quickly opened the screen only to find absolutely no bars available down here to call or texts for help. She couldn’t help letting out a small cry of despair and slammed the back of her head back against the door. She once again tried to bring her breathing under control, this just couldn’t be happening, not here, not now. The room was closing in on her, suffocating her slowly. It was getting too hot, she clawed at her collar and in a frenzied panic practically ripped off her thick jumper that was over her dress shirt, but it didn’t help. She was full out hyperventilating by this point. It was too late. She was now in the midst of a full-fledged panic attack. She dropped her phone to the floor, turned around and pounded at the door as hard as she could screaming; “HELP! HELP ME SOMEONE PLEASE!” She stopped to let out a few heaving sobs. “LET ME OUT OH GOD PLEASE LET ME OUT, SOMEONE!!”
“Morning Dr. Watson. What brings you to the Yard so early? You know, you don’t have to keep showing up after a case is closed, right?” Dimmock chuckled, amused by his own joke.
“Fair enough.” Christian said with a shrug and pulled back his hand.
Greg cringed. “No, no we got him alright.” He said ruefully, causing John to look at him with confusion.
But Sherlock merely snorted in dismay and let out a short taunting laugh which only fueled John’s anger even more.
John raised his weary head at the sound of Sherlock’s gentle voice. He hadn’t even noticed Sherlock until right now, and slightly surprised that his lover had waited up for him. Sherlock of cause immediately noticed the heavy bags underneath those usually cheery, blue eyes that were now, to his dismay, dull and bloodshot, clearly from hours of stress and lack of sleep.
John groaned. “Ah, you’re probably right Sally. Alright cheers and remember to give him a slap on the wrist from me, he knows I hate how he taste after he’s been smoking.” The doctor said, still not happy about Sherlock’s seemingly inability to quit the smokes completely, but he supposed it was preferable the git now only smoked when he’d had a couple of drinks and not on an everyday basis anymore.
John smiled warmly. Sherlock would be so very attentive and sweet whenever it was needed the most.
Sherlock nodded once in recognition before picking up once again;
Sherlock smiled a little in victoriously, having suspected John would have put up a bit of a fight, but happy to find that that wasn't the case.
In his pained haze, John hadn’t even realised he’d been holding his breath. He exhaled and drew in a shuddering breath as best as he could. He continued this for a few moments, the pain in his shoulder starting to fade, but unfortunately only very minutely.
“I said that doctor is a complete wuss. He might as well add drama queen and attention-seeker to his resume. Wailing and crying on the floor like that from a little shove. Pathetic.” Ethan stated coldly.
Sherlock nodded absently, his eyes already fixed on the stairs that would lead him to John’s room.
much better together. They need each other to survive! Frodo should know.. He should know that all Sam has ever don have been to help and protect him. How can he not see that?” Sherlock ended his small rant with a hoarse mutter. His eyes cloudy with sadness, doubt and confusion.
Lestrade had now joined and were also kneeling by John’s side. “John maybe you shou..” But he didn’t get to finish his sentence.
“I promise John, I promise never again!” Sherlock quickly agreed and pressed several more kisses to the top of John’s head while gently rubbing the tense back under his hands in warm shooting circles, mindful of his injured shoulder.
“It’s right up there, in the alley on the left!” Charlie called after a few minutes of running, pointing to place ahead, still running.
Still, Sherlock can’t help but feel proud, because to be honest.. To have lost ‘only’ 2 lives out of so many shot victims is beyond spectacular. But Sherlock knows he won’t be able to make his boyfriend truly understand how amazing he is tonight.. Tonight those 2 lost lives, especially the boy's, will be all his mind is able to focus on and Sherlock will do anything to try and soothe and comfort his doctor until the completely unreasonable guilt he is no doubt haunted by will pass.
Once they were in, John exhaled an audible breath.
“Shouldn’t you be in bed?” One of the paintings said to him. Sherlock turned to it and held a finger to his lips, making him tut. The paintings wouldn’t tell on him. He’d have to avoid Filch the care-taker though.
“You’re the Seeker?” Mike asked, more of a question than a statement.
with a swish of his finger rather than actually touching it. Mycroft was seventeen now, and perfectly allowed to use magic outside of school, a fact that he loved parading around in front of Sherlock as unnecessarily as he could. "Heaven forbid you get placed in my year, and sit in my classes."
“Molly Hooper. Third year Hufflepuff.”
John laughed from where he collpsed on the floor.
“Bisexual; likes guys more than girls, but has suffered a bad breakup recently so is more inclined to get into a relationship with a girl than a boy. Probably wants to forget, you know how people are so unnecessarily sentimental-”
Sherlock stopped. He locked eyes with John as he attempted to figure him out. “Hm. You’re cleverer than you look.”
“Say no more.” Irene said, silencing him with a manicured finger on his lips. She sauntered over to the Slytherin girl, and Sherlock rolled his eyes for the fifth time that day as he watched Irene interact with her.
“Great! Can you tutor me in Charms?” He asked, hopeful.
"Yeah if it's not too much trouble. I mean, I would love not getting kicked off Quidditch. Speaking of Quidditch, don't you play?"
Everything was brand new to him, he was a kid learning about the world all over again in a new light. It was fantastic. His parents would be lying if they said they didn’t see a difference in him after the first year, coming home talking about how he transfigured a toad into a teapot, eyes brimming with an excitement they had never seen in him before.
Sebastian and Jim had been friends for years. But in the last year or so, Seb realised he was looking a little too closely at the movement of Jim's lips, and lingering a little too long at the curve of his back when he changed into his uniform in the dorm in the morning, and staring a little too fondly when he started his monologues about nothing in particular. Sebastian knew it was just a petty crush. Everyone crushed on their best friend at some point, right? He'd get over it. Besides, Jim would never look at him that way. They had been friends for too long. If anything was going to happen between them it would have happened already. He wasn't going to jeopardize their friendship for anything.
The first class John was going to take at NEWT level was Potions. He wanted to cry about it. It wasn't going to be fun in the slightest, he knew that much. It was just another thing he had to push through if he wanted to be a Healer.
"Come on, John. It was funny."
Pet names-
Jim finally shrugged off his tie. "Bed, I think." He said sleepily, and fuck, Seb had to
." He whispered, pointing it at his feet. With a grin, he walked across the library without so much as a squeak. It wasn't anywhere near the curfew time, but where he was going was strictly against the rules. With his grin widening, he started walking towards the restricted section of he library. Close now, just a stitch away from the door handle-
“And you’d have to pass OWL exams. It was difficult too, I mean I don’t know how I managed-“
"Good for him. Must be smart, done his OWLs early. His brother is smart, anyway. Tutors in everything, apparently."
The library was hopefully going to be empty, it was the evening. He opened the door carefully, peeking his head round the door. Seemed quiet enough. Sherlock tiptoed through, hoping not to catch anyone's attention. He pulled out his wand to cast a spell - sycamore wood, phoenix tail core, 12 and half inches.
The giant spider was technically an illegal pet in Hogwarts, but that didn't stop Jim from bringing her in his third year. She was still a baby yet, though she was growing quickly. She was just over the size of Seb's entire hand, but they could grow well over fifteen feet. It was going to get more and more difficult to hide her, and Seb guessed they'd have to let her go soon. He wasn't looking forward to it; Jim loved her. Seb had a humble pet rat himself. His name was Tiger. He had sleek black fur and massive front teeth. Ugly as anything, but he was Seb's and Seb loved him to bits.
"Doesn't mean I don't want one." Sebastian grinned, plonking himself on the leather sofa opposite Jim by the fire.
John raised his brows. Well this year was off to a fantastic start, wasn't it?
"You don't even like them, Seb."
"I'm afraid not. Not really my..."
“Yeah.”
“And Professor Snape has said you barely passed Potions last year.”
Greg was half-blood, so he had the muggle parent that John could relate to. It was probably what John gravitated towards. He didn't know if he'd class Greg as a friend though, or rather, if Greg would class him as friend. Greg was so popular and hung out with so many people, John didn't know who were his friends and who weren't. Worse yet, he didn't know where he fit into that pile himself. So he kept things friendly but distant.
“Oh, did I-? Again?” The boy spoke in unfinished sentences, still half asleep.
"How can he tutor in everything?"
"No offence, Greg, but is this your big plan on how we're going to win the Cup?" John folded his arms.
Sniffing, Mycroft left the slice of chocolate cake staring longingly at him and instead picked up a pear and bit into its flesh.
"I wasn't aware that was funny."
“Good evening. Or night. Or maybe morning is appropriate.” Sherlock smirked.
"Not tonight, unfortunately."
It was a boy - not Mycroft - still in his pyjamas. He had his back to him and made no indication of having realised Sherlock had knocked into him.
That made Sherlock stop. He retraced his steps back to the painting.
Mycroft looked surprised. "Really?"
“Yeah, I remember. Would come in handy though, wouldn’t it?” She smiled back. “The holiday has gone so quickly, I can’t believe you’re going back to school next week. What is it you’re studying for now?”
Mycroft raised a brow, took a bowl of cress, and poured it into his plate. He stabbed at it with a fork and chewed it, mirroring Sherlock’s expression.
The weather was cold, cold for a typical day in September. It almost felt like winter was coming early, bleeding its way into autumn and summer like a sickness. The trees were feeling it too. Their leaves had dried themselves out, turned crispy with their molten hue.
"Yeah, We have that fool Blaise in our dorm this year, he's a snitch. He'll rat us out the minute he sees her."
"You were not supposed to know about that." Mycroft said severely.
“And you,” Mike said, looking over to John. He paused, and John realised he had forgotten his name.
"As does the entire Hogwarts body." Mycroft murmured.
“Have a pleasant journey. And be sure to change into your uniforms soon.” Mycroft said and left quickly.
“Oh. Victor, Victor Trevor.”
“Do the thing for me one time and I’ll leave.”
"Intuition?" Greg said, scoffing. "What kind of intuition knows that?" Was he outside the room, listening to the humiliation as McGonogall stomped on him?
. It was only to hide the waistline of his midsection.
“Quickly now.”
“Ah, yes. Of course. Mycroft Holmes, Head boy. Allow me to lead you to a spare carriage, though with your lack of punctuality I doubt you’ll get an empty one.”
"You cock!" John shouted, as the rest on the team picked up their brooms as well to join him in the sky.
was why he put up with him. Sebastian was the only fool around here who wasn't scared of him. He was willing to stand up for himself, consider himself Jim's equal. It was entertaining. Well. He knew Jim would never actually sock him in the face, so maybe it wasn't all bravery on his part, but it was entertaining none-the-less.
Sherlock lifted an intrigued brow. How very interesting, he thought. His second thought surprised him, because he said it out loud.
"Damn. I should have sensed this. Mycroft was bound to have relayed a message to get it locked properly. I'll have to practice the stronger unlocking charm."
Greg beamed with a relieved smile. “Thank you, Prof-“
"Is he? He's supossed to be in his fifth year."
"Explain the ingredients for Wiggenweld Potion." Snape said to the class, folding his arms. Silence. "Well?"
"Who?"
“Very. And so are you. I do like a bit of fun though. You are so entertaining to wind up.” She lifted an arm, putting a hand on the crook of his elbow.
“The Restricted section.” Sherlock said, turning his face towards John.
“I know, I’m absolutely dreading it.”
“I don’t discriminate.” Sherlock huffed, and started walking away. To his grief, she followed behind him.
Harry held up the notebook.
There was a quote or something, cry in the dojo and laugh in the ring? He really hated Greg for believing in that. He had the whole team doing laps back and forth across the entire pitch. If John didn't pass out from low blood sugar, he was going to kill him.
“What about this one?” John said, looking into a carriage that had only one passenger, a skinny boy with dark hair and his pale face stuck in a potions textbook. The textbook looked far too advanced for his young face.
He glanced over at Sherlock who was further down the table. He watched his brother attempt to suss them all out, guess their houses before they put the Hat on. A smug expression crossed over his face when he got it right, a purse of his lips when he was wrong.
!"  Greg shouted, right in John's ear. John winced.
Sherlock tried the door to the library, but it was locked.
John turned to look over his shoulder to see who dared to speak, as did a few others. Everyone had their gaze on a pale, dark-haired Ravenclaw who was sat right at the back on his own. John furrowed his brows and recognised him as the one from the train.
“Come in.” Professor McGonagall’s curt voice came, and Greg opened the door with slightly shaking hands.
"I wonder why I put up with you, you know." Jim rolled his eyes.
“What now?” John said.
"I think you'll find I'm in all your classes, Lestrade."
"Wiggenweld Potion." The boy said, his voice a lot nicer sounding than what John had imagined. "Used for healing injuries. Relatively straight-froward to make. Ingredients are one pint of Horklump juice, two drops of Flobberworm Mucus, seven Chizpurfle fangs, Billywing sting slime, a spring of mint, Boom Berry juice, one stewed Mandrake-"
An Auror is one of the most dangerous occupations that requires few brain cells. Sherlock has the capability of reaching the highest ranks in the Ministry, and he elects to be an Auror? Madness!" The words flew out at lightening speed.
"Yeah, but it isn't your fault either. I know you wanted-"
"This is wonderful!"
Greg looked down at it. "Right. I need Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts too."
"Rat me out, you mean. Reichenbach is
"No, it wasn't." John said, pulling off his Quidditch robes to get changed back into his uniform. Gross, he'd need to shower later.
"Out. Out of my class."
“Quidd-
“...Three?”
“I’m not. If I were you’d know about it.”
The boy grunted slightly.
"Who else is going to motivate you, you loon?"
"Oh, Lestrade the cheerleader." John said, and the team laughed a second time, loud enough that Greg came down from his broom in front of them.
"Everything."
Mycroft returned the grin with a small curve of his lips. "Yes. Too much leg work. I shall leave the glory to the more capable."
Mycroft - Applewood (known for the unusual ability to converse with other magical beings in their native languages, the owner usually has great personal charm. I instantly had to give Mycroft this wand wood, since he is knowledgeable in so many languages and could quite literally charm the pants of anyone).
." He whispered, and held the wand steady as it started to cut through the skin of the apple, slicing its way around. He began carving out a pattern.
apple?"
He was halfway up when he heard his mother call for him.
Mycroft smiled gently. "Well in your defence, I doubt you were expecting anyone else to be here." Mycroft said, placing the books in his own arms down on the desk beside him. Quite a hefty pile too.
“Yeah, not one for sports.” Harry crinkled her nose.
The moonlight strew through the tinted glass, casting a soft green filter onto Jim's features. Seb had to gulp again. Damn it. He wasn't supposed to be doing this, but here he was, a hair away from getting up and-
“And what are you going to do to my kitty?” She said, playfully. “Describe, in detail, exactly what you’ll do to my kitty.”
John turned around and mumbled the password, grunting as he shuffled his way back to the dormitory.
To his surprise, Holmes didn't quieten himself like he thought he would.
.” He said, and the tip of his wand lit up like a torch. Not that he’d need the light. He’d managed to mind map most of the castle grounds over his time here into his palace, he’d be able to do it with his eyes closed.
“Here, let me help.” John said, offering to put the rest of the crockery away from the dishwasher.
They both followed behind him. Nearly every carriage was full.
"Funny, I thought you had enough of that from earlier." Greg couldn't help himself.
John laughed. "Not so similar then." He started to do up his tie.
imprinted in gold lettering on the tip. There were footrests on it and everything. It was the new fastest broom to date. Greg had to look away, it was like porn and he nearly came in his pants; it looked so beautiful. He flicked back again, looking at the price, excitement seeping away with a frown.
"Also, you're missing the obvious one." Mycroft said.
"You'll find another hyperfixation. You always do." Seb said, as he concentrated.
John paused then inhaled on Sherlock’s behalf. Somehow he had rattled through all that in one breath.
"I believe I was just answering your question, Professor. I should think that be being an insufferable know-it-all has it's advantages, since the younger, and the so clearly disadvantaged, is the only one out of your class of elder and more knowledgeable students to answer you. Maybe that put's into perspective of how good I
"You're standing in a library full of textbooks."
"Quite harsh." Mycroft stated.
Greg blinked. "Really? What do you tutor in?"
"Me."
“Just as well. If she caught a glimpse of Boswell, we’d be in trouble.” John said, cradling the toad cage before setting it down.
"What? You can't know everything enough to teach it."
Greg jumped violently. "Jesus fucking Christ!"
"What a waste of being Head Boy. What do you even do with all that power if you can't use it?"
“Hello, Sherlock.”
"Uh, yeah, thanks." Greg mumbled, but it was said to himself since he was alone. Great. That went well; he isn't going to tutor you for shit now, Lestrade, idiot, idiot, idiot.
Greg nodded. “And...” he looked over to the boy.
"I knew you'd complain." Jim said, smiling. The smile faded quickly. "It's so boring here. I can't wait to get out. Another two years of this drivel and I might just point my wand at my own head and curse myself."
"And what a waste of a Time-Turner too. Don't you use it?" Sherlock seethed.
"Don't tempt me." Jim sighed and closed his eyes as he leaned onto his back, stretching his arms up into the arm of the sofa. It made Sebastian stop and glance over at him, swallowing at the movement.
“You’ve heard correctly.”
"Or you Moran. Whoever it was. Sir, look what he just did, aren't you going to deduct points?"
And what? What exactly was he going to do?
“Pretty damn clever then, I hope.” John scoffed.
He sighed and rolled his eyes before looking down the corridor. It wasn’t too busy. He picked out the girl by the fountain.
Irene’s black cat - Bohemia - Irene Adler was featured in A.C.D’s short ‘A Scandal in Bohemia’. I figured she’d be the type to have a black cat.
John scoffed. “All right, no need to take the piss.”
John cleared his throat.
“You.” The boy said. “What are you doing here?”
"I know, right? Don't know how I'll manage it. McGonogall said to get a tutor, happen to know any?
The silence of the room hung in the air.
Greg leaned back, exhaling with relief and laughing at the same time. “You’re such a pisspot, you know that Watson?”
"Happy birthday dear Harry, Happy birthday to you!"
"How you all managed to obtain the grades to get into my NEWT class is preposterous." Snape spat.
Sherlock prodded him with a bony finger. The myth of waking a sleepwalker were amazingly untrue, and this was rather amusing.
“Ah. Well, that’s... uh, lovely, isn’t it? Very thoughtful.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes fiercely. "What would make me pleased is if they graduated me right now, not move me up a
"Has he got a brother?" John said, tucking his shirt in.
Sherlock made a pointed expression.
"John," She said later, when he was brushing his teeth for bed. "Thanks for the gift."
John rolled his eyes. It's not like he was expecting Snape to deduct points from his own house, but the favoritism was excessive. He opened up the paper, but it was blank. Sighing, he tossed it to the side. Maybe it would have been a good idea to sit at the back after all.
“Yeah, just slipped out of my hand, John.” His mother said, throwing it into the bin.
I've done my homework and I'd love to share it! So a few things:
"Not for every mundane activity. And keep your voice down." Mycroft hissed. “At least think about tutoring.”
John felt a ball of paper hit the back of his head. He touched at the spot, and looked behind him at the culprit.
He was hoping that when his sister got her letter things would be different. He would waltz into school with a magic sibling who would probably get sorted into Hufflepuff and then show everyone that magic really is in his blood and he is worth his place in Hogwarts because he deserves to be there and oh my god John you’ve really been thinking too much about this.
Greg perked up at the mention of his cat’s name. “She’s asleep, curled up my bag. Likes it in there, for some reason.”
"But you're so clever." John pointed out.
Holmes? As in Head Boy Mycoft Holmes? That's right, John thought, he was the one reading a Potion's textbook, wasn't he?
"So we aren't going in then."
"No. She's... ordinary. It's just me." John said, tight-lipped.
"Hm." John hummed, non-noncommittally. "Is Mycroft like that?"
Mycroft raised a brow. "Quite an expansive list for the first day back." He commented.
“The try-outs are this Saturday. We will need a Captain.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg looked over. He didn’t know her, but being the Captain of the team, he was used to people knowing him. Especially the girls. His team always teased him about having his own little fan club.
John smiled. “You know I can’t use magic outside of school.”
“Oh.” John said.
Sherlock grinned. “It’s pretty clear.”
“My grades will improve, I promise.”
Greg flattened. "Oh."
"Obviously. All of them." Sherlock said, smoothing back a curl.
“Hm, thought about it; no.” Sherlock turned on his heels and started making his way out of the library.
“What the hell do you want, Irene?”
Mycroft jammed his hand on the door as John attempted to slide it open.
“Holmes.” He said by way of greeting. Greg came away from the wall so he could come up to a decent height to him and ran a hand through his dark brown hair. Mycroft was always so prim and proper, it was intimidating.
"Ah, night sweetheart."
“Yeah, good enough.” Greg caught the little red badge displayed proudly on Mycroft’s uniform, next to his blue Ravenclaw tie. “Promoted to Head Boy then?” He said, conversationally.
"Go ahead and try." Seb said without the slightest worry in his voice, not even looking up from his intricate work on the apple.
"Mycroft." He sneered, turning around.
Mycroft had always been on the larger side. He was tall and broad, and his turn towards comfort eating in times of stress and boredom left him heavier than most. That with his stoic personality and hawk-like expression left most people intimidated by him. He acted like his weight didn't bother him, but there were days when it did. Like today for example, the first day of school, was one of them.
Last year was his Ordinary Wizarding Levels. He managed to get by them just fine, pretty decent scores too, enough to get him through to NEWTs. It wouldn't be long before his younger sister was going to take her GCSEs.
We get some Mycroft centric pov in the next chapter for you hardcore Mycroft stans (eg. me).
“Yes.”
Sherlock nodded.
Mycroft pressed his lips together. "I see."
"You were looking in the Divination section for History of Magic?"
“That devil cat.”
"Only a few hours before I have to get up for class. Speaking of which, why aren't you in them anymore?"
“What do you mean, second one?”
Sherlock stood up. "I'm going to be an Auror."
"How many."
“Why did you bring me?”
"With you, yes."
Sherlock moved around in front of him and held the light up to his face. It was that sandy-haired boy. And he had his eyes closed. He was asleep.
"I'm organising the books. It amazes me how people disregard the ordered space of the library. Haphazardly strewing random books in wrong places." Mycroft lifted a pile and wandered around the corner of the bookshelves to return them to their rightful places. Greg followed him.
"Shit. Remind me not to do that. It won't be as easy as last year." Jim sat up, and began taking off his tie and loosening his top buttons.
"I'm not doing that." Sherlock snorted.
"Time-turners can't be applied for, Sherlock. They are presented by the House leaders. As was mine, four years ago." Mycroft returned to his newspaper. "Clearly you haven't been deemed responsible enough."
“Three of
John winced. This was not going good at all.
"Oh fuck off, Greg." John panted, laughing.
"What subject?"
But, he learned quickly, the wizarding world was biased to people like him. Being muggle-born was seen to be a disadvantage. He hadn’t grown up being taught about being a wizard, he had to learn it all in the space of a month before he attended. Some who were from pure-blood families, where every member was a witch or wizard, were still not too fond of the idea that muggle-borns were of equal talent to them. Job opportunities, everything, was difficult. Even making friends was difficult. He was still alone, but now it was a brand new world where he didn’t know anything and that was much worse.
"There's a second year, Victor Trevor who needs help in Charms. I would do it but my schedule-"
Greg knew Mycroft, but not very well. They had been in several classes together, but they had never really exchanged anything other than a formal conversation.
Greg looked at his watch. He had been Waiting at King’s Cross Station for twenty minutes now, it was close to 11 o’clock.
Both Greg and John were on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, which is where they got to know each other. Greg was the Keeper and the Captain, and he picked John out as the Seeker last year because he thought a tiny little thing like him would be nimble enough to chase around a Golden Snitch. He was right of course, his instinct when it came to Quidditch was unwavering.
And not moments ago Mycroft had thought they weren’t alike.
She sliced into the cake with quick lines. John didn't feel like eating it, but he did anyway to keep her smiling. He grimaced as she unwrapped the present from him: a self-made little book on flying tips that he thought would have come in useful for her first year. She looked up from the book to him, smiling, but sadly.
“Hi!” A chirp voice said from behind him.
“Aren’t you gay?” Sherlock was really scraping the bottom of the barrel here. Anything to get away. He knew exactly what she meant by kitty and it wasn’t a feline.
“Hello? Wake up.”
"Captain, try outs are on Saturday." One of the Chasers said.
wished for. He spent all day by the front door waiting for it, but Harry's acceptance letter never came. She wasn't a witch. As it stood, John was the only weirdo. John just automatically assumed that since he was a wizard, Harry would have magic too. He waited for more than 14 hours, the smile on his face slowly receding as the day wore on. There was no letter, which meant he was the only one in his family to be born with gifts.
"I'm not getting you anything." Mycroft said resignedly.
"It wasn't funny. It was damn hilarious." Greg wheezed, straightening himself up. "Clever though, that." He complimented after he recovered.
"Lestrade, I think we're late."
"Well they should, that was bloody brilliant." John grinned.
"Wasn't me." Jim said, lifting his eyes to the ceiling innocently.
Seb blinked and he pushed down the little hitch in his chest to flick up his brows, entirely over-dramatic and suggestive. "Finally. Thought you'd never ask me."
"Yeah that's exactly what I was thinking, how did you know that?"
He moved them along quickly, practically having to tear them both away.
Mycroft watched him with careful eyes. "You need a distraction. Perhaps you should try tutoring-"
"Was fun though."
Ah. The First Feast. Traditional welcome meal of the starting year. Mycroft pressed his lips together as the food appeared before him. He glanced again at Sherlock, who was already looking at him. Mycroft almost startled.
"Jesus, he has more balls than I thought. I've heard he's quite the wild card, difficult to put up with."
"And I bet they'll be better than you lot." Greg folded his arms.
“Another student. Lot ruder than you, didn’t even acknowledge I was talking to him.”
"Don't whine, Watson." Snape said coldly, making Sebastian snort with laughter.
“The library.” Sherlock whispered back. He was still looking down the hall, so he didn’t see the face John made.
"Where's
“Fantastic!”
Sherlock cringed. “Get away or I’ll make sure that black cat of yours doesn’t stay black.”
The door's handle had a tiny thread from the jumper she was wearing yesterday evening, likely Eurus hasn't changed her clothes or hasn't left the room entirely since yesterday. The handle itself was shiny, where she had grabbed it in anger and removed the layer of dust by turning it too vigorously. There was a crack that had been widened in the adjacent wall, where she had slammed the door recently. Sherlock put his ear to the door and could hear her softly crying. He leaned back.
Greg's cat - Cinnamon - All right, you got me here. It's ginger, so it's called Cinnamon. Nothing clever about that one, but it's cute.
Warning for mentions of binge eating disorder.
Sherlock furrowed a brow and glanced at Mycroft’s plate.
“I’m bored, I need information. Anything. I’ll decide if it’s useful to keep or if it needs deleting later.” Sherlock muttered, moving towards the Restricted Section.
"Let us pray you don't." His elder brother said, flipping over the page of the newspaper he was reading,
Greg glanced at John who was trying extremely hard to conceal his smirk.
"Thank you." Mycroft said.
Acromanrula."
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. "I do have others on my list. My schedule is quite full at the moment."
"One, it seems. Potions." Mycroft took his wrist, examining the cuff of his white shirt. There was a tiny smudge of Aconite Fluid where someone had not cleaned it entirely off the desk Sherlock was leaning on, possibly a previous lesson's practical.
"Not sure. Didn't see him, but he got kicked out of Potions after that thing with Snape, so I'm guessing he just didn't turn up."
He looked pleased enough, and scurried off back to his own table. Mycroft turned back to the table and found his appetite ravaging. He frowned, and looked back over at Sherlock, who had stopped eating, instead distracted with his nose in his book from the train journey.
"I didn't do anything." John shrugged.
Greg laughed. "Thank you."
It wasn't that he hated school. He loved Hogwarts. He loved learning. But sitting still in a dreary room for an hour being droned on at six times a day by a teacher, the only difference between him and them being their formal qualification to teach, was agony. Many of which, in Sherlock's opinion, were not even deserving of their qualifications.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. "Won't be able to endure the humiliation?"
. You’d hate that. Aggressive sport.”
"I've had enough of this. I'm retiring for the night." Sherlock announced, leaving the room.
Jim smiled to himself as he watched him.
“Long story, one I’m not avid on explaining at this point in time. Sherlock Holmes, by the way.”
He flicked through his magazine in his hand. There was an advertisement in on the new broomstick. He halted, staring. The
John looked perplexed. “I don’t understand.”
There was a shift in her posture; she was sliding.
“Wind me up some other time then, I’m busy.” He growled. He wasn’t going to lie. He did kind of like her attention. She was the only one who gave him any.
John sighed. He knew what
Mycroft set his paper down. "Good?
"Ah." Of course Greg, you idiot. "What are
Sherlock yanked his wrist away. "Shouldn't you be getting me a key for this door, like a proper big brother?"
"No, I'm meeting with Greg the day I go. I'll just need a lift to the station."
“If you are quite done gentlemen, I’ll request you get to your feet and find a carriage.”
"That's enough!" Snape snapped. "Just because you've been moved up a year doesn't make you entitled to show off how good you think you are. Stop being an insufferable know-it-all. It might have gotten you through your OWLs, but I won't stand for it here."
John panted as he jogged to the end of the Quidditch pitch. He heaved, bent down to touch the ground and took off again in the other direction to repeat himself.
“You’re in your sixth year now, right? What subjects did you pick?”
Mycroft turned to observe him with a look, clearly not believing a shitting word he'd just said. "Quite. As I said, I'll be happy to help."
"It's late. What are you doing awake?"
Sebastian caught it in his hand. "See, I knew you'd get one for me."
"I imagine." Mycroft straightened his tie. He walked over to the other sections, pulling out a couple more books for him. "These are also good if you want to improve your grades."
Sherlock lifted a hand to run his fingers through his dark curls. Tedious. Less than three days of being here and things were already tedious.
“I know who you are.” He attempted to shake the sleepiness out of his head. “John Watson.”
“What was that?” Harry turned around in the bathroom doorway.
He whipped around, and saw Mycroft stood with a barely concealed look of amusement plastered on his face.
Sherlock's expression changed to a sneer. "I hate them."
"But I study for a couple of extra ones."
Sebastian - Spruce wood (ill matched with owners who have nervous natures. Requires a firm hand to produce excellent magic. Best matched to a bold spell caster with a good sense of humour. I HAD to give this wood to Seb, it screamed at me).
"Coming from someone who's aim is to work for the Ministry of Magic, that will soon happen to you too."
"I said the same." Greg pulled on his jumper.
The halls of Hogwarts were dead quiet after curfew. Sherlock took an educated guess that it was probably after 2am.
She finally set down the quill to address him with eye contact. “Obviously, I have brought you here for a discussion and not one on the weather. This is about your grades. Last years.”
"Oh, I should sock you in the face for that."
"She, well, she's eleven now. Should we expect anything?" She raised a slightly worried, inquisitive eyebrow at him.
“Come on, Professor, it’s dull. I only picked it because it’s required for a career in Wingezamot.”
Hold on, what was he doing here? Surely he wasn't in John's year or he'd know his name.
The colour drained from Greg’s face. “You- you can’t do that, Professor!”
“What do you want from the Restricted section anyway?”
John's toad - Boswell - A famous quote from Doyle's novels 'A Scandal in Bohemia' is Holmes saying "I am lost without my Boswell", referring to Watson. Boswell was a Scottish biographer who famously wrote the biography of his best friend, called 'Life of Samuel Johnson'.
Sherlock sighed over dramatically. "I have already read it, reading it again won't change what it says. I don't see why you're so excited, mummy, I still have two more useless years of education. I did my OWLs early, surely they should let me do my NEWTs this year."
back in!" He shouted, and the rest of the team laughed, despite themselves. "Why don't you come down here and run this distance too?!"
"Yeah," Greg attempted to rectify, but ended up babbling like a toss-pot. "You know, you're tall, broad. Beaters are usually quite wide and strong, hitting the Bludgers out the way all the time."
"I'm sorry."
“Off where? Oh, forget it. I better get back before somebody finds me out of bed and I’ll have to explain myself.” John bit through his bottom lip, eyes on the floor. He looked embarrassed.
John smiled and stuck his mit out. Mycroft took it and shook.
"Boys, please. Mycroft, you should be happy for your brother! Tell him you are proud." Their father said.
“But,” she cut in, “I want improvement. By Christmas I want your grades moved from Poor to the minimum 'Acceptable', or Gryffindor will make do without one. Is that understood, Mr Lestrade?”
"It's Quidditch." Greg thought he'd explain. "I'll get kicked off if I don't improve them by Christmas."
"On the contrary." Sherlock smirked.
John tapped his feet, his toes wiggling where his feet were still bare. "Well. I guess I'll see you... sometime? Or not."
"Speaking of which," his mother cleverly sliced in. "What is your career of choice, Sherlock?"
Great. Another person he had to avoid. Why the hell were they out of bed?
"John?"
“The library? You’ve snuck out to go to the library, are you having a laugh?”
“You’re a Leglimens?”
He rolled his eyes. “John Watson.”
“Yes, Court of Magic Law careers do require some historical knowledge, don't they? I suggest you pull your socks up. If not, I’ll have to suspend you from the team.”
Harry grinned a mixture of baby and adult teeth. She always had been behind in development: slow to walk, talk and teethe. She pushed back a rogue lock of blonde fringe. "Obviously, I can't tell you, dad."
"We better run if we're going to catch the train in time. We'll be lucky if it doesn't bloody leave without us." Greg exclaimed, gripping his trolley with his suitcases on and breaking into a run; John, with his shorter legs, a beat behind him. "Just like Quidditch practice, hm?"
Greg just hummed. “Uh, evening.” He choked out. “It’s been a lovely day, hasn’t it Professor?”
John was going to return back to school in a weeks time for his sixth year. Frankly, he didn't know what to expect this year, but coming from a non-magic family, he never did know what to expect when it came to Hogwarts. Every year since he got his letter of acceptance was wackier than the last. Everything was completely out of his comfort zone from the moment he set foot in the school. Everything he thought he knew about the world was completely turned on its head.
“And all this won’t do?” John motioned to the other books. Then a look of realisation crossed over his features. “You’ve read them all, haven’t you?”
Greg's parents didn't exactly have a typical romance story. His dad was a muggle, a mechanic who fixed cars for a living. His mum was a witch who worked for the Ministry of Magic as an observer of muggle behaviour. They met when she was working undercover, and they fell hopelessly in love. She spotted him when she was crossing the street, and spent three days learning about the job he did. Then she bought a car and purposely smashed it up, so she could take it to him to get fixed. It's a ridiculous story, but Greg secretly loved it. Absolutely no one under any circumstance was to know it, but he was a terrible romantic. Flowers, chocolates, the lot; the more cliche the better. He loved the idea of fate, and he believed in soulmates.
“Irritating?”
His mother twittered. "All of them?"
"I do."
John caught Jim staring at Holmes with interest. Oh, great. New target. John turned back around so he didn't have to see the hurt on the poor guy's face. Snape could be a right arse sometimes. All the time.
John halted. He never noticed what pretty eyes he had. They only accentuated his ridiculous cheekbones, and the curve of his cupid’s bow was so exaggerated it couldn’t be real. His whole face looked like it had been carved out of stone like those art pieces in museums. John flicked out his tongue to wet his lips.
"What did you wish for?" John's father asked.
It was true. The more he thought about it, the more he realised how Harry would never fit into the wizarding world. She was the most muggle kind of muggle you’d ever meet, and she liked it that way. She loved him of course, but she would never be able to live a witch’s life herself. She was too much like their parents.
“Well, I am a Griffindor.”
Greg looked up at Mycroft. "Fair enough. Hey, how about you tutor me for all three, and then I'll pick up my grade by Christmas!"
“I’ve sent you owls all summer. Did you read the letters? You never reply to me.” Irene said.
"Exactly."
They managed to clamber on, just as the Hogwarts Express pulled off from the platform.
year."
John scurried after him. “Wait!” He whisper-shouted.
“Alright, uh...”
Knowing he was going to be engaged in conversation, he set down his knife and fork turned around properly.
“New material. Anything.”
Greg paused. "Wait, how did-"
She picked up her quill to start writing again, maybe to prevent herself looking in his eyes.
“Parasomnias like sleepwalking and nightmares are usually linked. And you have worrying muggle parents, of course you were tested for ADHD among other things; they had no idea you were a wizard at the time. Though I must emphasise the shakes are nothing to do with your wizarding capability, but rather your hunger for adventure which I hope I have just proved.”
John fought to keep the grim line off his face. He pushed himself to smile when she bent over her cake to blow out the number 11 candles, sitting back up with a huge smile on her face.
Greg groaned when he was a safe distance from her office; scared of her hearing him complain. How the hell was he going to manage this? Alright, his life did revolve around Quidditch a bit. He'd just have to suck it up and study if he wanted to keep playing. With a sigh, he trudged his way to the library. Better get cracking if his grades were going to improve by Christmas.
Lestrade repeated the action, harder this time. “ANSWER ME! What did you slip him?!” The DI roared this time.
John couldn’t stand by anymore though. He quickly stood and placed himself in front of the still pacing man, stopping him in his tracks. Sherlock looked him in the eyes for the first time since John awoke and the look the doctor received nearly broke his heart. Sherlock looked so sad and lost that John simply couldn’t help himself but gently cup Sherlock’s face to make sure the man would listen and not turn away from him as he talked; “Yes Sherlock, Frodo should know. He should know Sam is the greatest and best hobbit he’s ever met and will ever meet. But while he might see he does not observe. He’s caught in this moment of weakness and makes the biggest mistake in his life to send Sam away. Believe me he’ll regret that decision very quickly.” John managed to offer a soft smile as he continued; “But spoiler alert, this is a very shorth and temporary thing. Very soon they’ll get back together and Frodo realizes he can’t possible go on without Sam by his side.”
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes firmly on Lestrade. “You had your reasons and I understand. You fought so hard to get me clean.. You sacrificed too much for me.. And I never even thanked you probably for it.”
Lestrade turned around to face the rest of the room with its many officers. “Did anyone see me even touching officer Davis back there?” He asked openly. Immediately a steady stream of ‘No’, ‘Nope’, ‘I didn’t see anything sir’ followed from everyone in the room. Lestrade turned back to Davis. “Looks like it’s your word against mine son.”
“I’m afraid of what might happen if you someday should decide, that my brother no longer fulfil your sentimental needs and you chose to exclude him from your life, for good.” Mycroft said in an ice-cold voice.
Lestrade quickly pulled out his handcuffs and clasped them on the wrists of the teen.
Lestrade chuckled and turned to face the seemingly inseparable team of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.
“Well, your captain authority doesn’t work with everything as well as it does with me.” Sherlock said in that sinful deep voice of his as he finished tying a perfect knot around his doctor’s neck.
John couldn't suppress a smile of his own.
Sherlock inhaled deeply, taking in the comforting scents of disinfectants and chemicals. It’d been some time since his last visit to Molly’s lab. He’d missed the atmosphere. Molly always kept her workspace and supplies in sublime order and best of all, she allowed Sherlock access to her lab whenever he wanted. As long his usage didn’t interfere with her daily work, he could more or less come and go as he pleased. It was rather late so there wasn’t much life outside the door to the hospital hallway, except the evening staff patrolling by now and then. Sherlock allowed his mind to emerge itself at the experiment at hand, enjoying the peace and quiet. As long as it lasted anyway..
“John.” Sherlock called from across the room. Clearly wanting John to join him in the examination of the body.
Sherlock smiled affectionately.
Sherlock blinked a few times, processing the other man’s words. Sherlock leaned closer to the bed and held Lestrade’s eyes firmly before answering; “If John was able to make me a great man.. It’s only because you made me a good one to begin with.”
“You know.. You said that you should just tell me and Rob said he needed to meet with my caseworker to work out the paperwork first.. You’re planning to give me up because I’ve been to difficult to handle. Just like all the other times.” Charlie explained sadly and looked to the ground.
“Yeah no kidding.” John said. He couldn’t help but cast another glance at the tall man beside Greg. He still hadn’t said a word, but had been eyeing John silently for some time now. John turned towards him in an open stance. “I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met before.” He said and reached out a hand in polite greeting.
This time Sherlock at least had the decency to feel a little guilty. He slowly stood and walked towards John, whose head was still in his hands. Sherlock seated himself on the armrest beside the doctor and placed a comforting arm around his shoulders.
John had very little time to react to the attack as he’d been very close to the wall when the man escaped and he’d been taken by surprise. Instincts took over and his first concern was to disarm the attacker before he could injure or kill anyone else. The man came at him with full speed so John only had just enough time to grasp the man’s left wrist and twist it forcefully, making the man drop the weapon to the floor with a pained cry. But the momentum at which the man rammed into him was simply too great and John felt himself being tackled to the ground. As fate would have it, most of this heavy man’s weight impacted on John’s left side and a huge amount of this pressure grinded down right on his injured left shoulder.
Mrs. Hudson looked on with fondness as Sherlock narrated with great enthusiasm, his arms flailing and gesturing madly to add more drama to his story. She realised as she sat there, with her two young tenants that this might be the happiest she had ever been in her life. When she’d first met Sherlock a few years back he’d been a distant, pale and hollow looking man. His eyes emotionless and dulled from what she’d later learned, stemmed from prolonged cocaine abuse. And though he’d been helpful even back then, making sure her vile husband would never lay a hand on her again, it had been with a withdrawn mannerism he’d acted towards her. She’d soon realised that this was because Sherlock Holmes didn’t trust others easily. She’d decided back then that she wouldn’t let him simply slip out of her life after his help and offered him dinner, since it looked like he hadn’t eaten for days. He’d looked at her with that piercing look he still got today, seeming a bit hesitant at first, but finally accepting in the end.
John couldn’t help but pull Sherlock into yet another kiss after their shared confession. This movie night had turned out so much better than he’d ever imagined. When they parted once again John wanted to make one last thing clear; “I promise you Sherlock, I’ll never throw you aside or leave you. Nothing will chase me away, know that.” Sherlock smiled that wide smile only John could pull from him. “Thank you John.”
Sherlock made to run over and help him, but before he even got close John voice cut through the air;
John wasted no time in sprinting past the young boy. He almost fell as he skidded slightly making the sharp turn into the dark alleyway. It didn’t take long as he ran down the narrow pathway that he could start to make out two figures at the end, huddled close against the wall. He slid to an abrupt halt, his breaths coming out in harsh puffs from running so hard. He squinted his eyes and ears as to try and make out what was going on in the darkness, willing his eyes to adjust to the gloom.
Normally John would have accompanied them, but for one the doctor had been feeling unwell when going to bed and probably wouldn’t be up for a midnight exploit through the city in the cold weather. Secondly, having John present while Charlie was having an episode wouldn’t be productive in calming the teen down, worst case and more likely it would even have a negative effect on the boy. So Sherlock made the decision that it be best he and Dexter went alone. As they made their way in the cab Sherlock sent off a quick text to John, letting him know where he was and what he was doing. A promise the detective had made his doctor after several hardtaught lessons were. Luckily the streets had little traffic as it was a week night so they reached their destination in little less than 20 minutes.
By now a number of people in the room, including Sherlock, Lestrade and Ethan seemed to have noticed John’s slightly strange behaviour as he chased the invisible.
Sherlock lead all four men into the alley and then went on a long rant of deductions linking the dust partials in the victim’s hair to this back alley near a construction site, that mixed this chemically unique yellow sand in the fundament that’d been cast two months ago. The owner of the grocery shop they now stood behind would weekly have his trash pulled off to that dumpsite in which Jonas Miller had been found.
Sally nodded in agreement a more solemn smile on her lips. “Well, we’ll figure out who did this to her and at least give her justice. If anyone can do it it’s you and Sherlock.” She said.
Sherlock’s eyes feel back to John.
If John willingly admitted his need for painkillers Sherlock and Greg knew it was more than just bad.
In a few minutes, after Sherlock had entered the shower, John was taking care of the wet clothes and went to find Sherlock one of the big, fresh, newly washed towels. When on his way back, a black towel hanging from his arm, he got a great idea that he was sure Sherlock would appreciate.
“Yeah, the housekeeper comes in every other day and noticed the door to this room was locked from the inside. She found that odd as it had never even been closed in her 20 years of service. When she couldn’t locate Mrs. Chester she called the police. A locksmith was called to open the door and this was the scene we were greeted with.” Greg scratched the nape of his neck. “None of the windows in here can be opened. Only the two skylights above can, but only a crack to let in some air. Mrs. Chester was, apparently afraid of buglers and even had the windows installed with reinforced glass and top of the line alarm system. So, it’s a mystery alright.” The DI explained, clearly confused by the whole situation.
John was slowly making his way towards 221B Baker St with his arms full of groceries bags. It was relatively late as work had dragged out at the surgery “Damn paperwork” John thought angrily. Then he had to rush to the store before closing time, as the majority of the content in their fridge (kudos to Sherlock and his constant need for gore filled experiments) was severed limps and organs. By now John was tired and exhausted after a long day and finally making it home should have been a relief, but John found himself already dreading what state the flat might be in after Sherlock had been alone the entire day. Once again the shooting ‘accident’ came to mind. The doctor had texted Sherlock earlier in the day, informing him that he would be home late because he was being held up at work and Sherlock had texted him repeatedly during the rest of his shift, complaining that he was bored, that there were no interesting murders to occupy his mind and that John should just ditch work and come home early. The texts however had stopped approximately 2 hour ago and even though John should  have been relieved that he could finish his work without any more interruptions it only fueled his worry even more as it could only mean one thing, Sherlock had found an outlet for his boredom. John just prayed in didn't involve another kitchen explosion as the mere thought of having to clean up before having to make dinner and then persuade Sherlock to actually eat something was almost enough to give him a headache.
“Help! Someone help!! He’s gonna hurt him, someone’s gotta help me please!!”
"Look at you, you're shaking like a leaf, we need to get you warm right now or you'll just catch death."
“My God.. How could I've missed that you were still using when I moved in? I should’ve noticed, I’m a goddamn doctor. This only seem to prove how useless I really am..” John sighed and lowered his head in defeat.
Sherlock greeted Sally Donovan with a firm stare and a slight nod as he entered the offices of the NYPD’s homicide division. The sergeant replicated the gesture her own stare on the cold side. Ever since John had rescued her from being struck down by a car four months ago and the time Sally had defended John so fiercely when that bastard Ethan Davis had insulted him after damaging his injured shoulder, the pair had had a sort of truce between them. Sally no longer greeted him with ‘hello freak’ or referred him as ‘the psychopath’ anymore. In turn Sherlock no longer undermined her work or deduced her private affairs publicly. It had worked out relatively fine for most part, but after Sherlock had accused her of incompetence and uselessness when Lestrade had been kidnapped only three weeks ago it had made a huge crack in their already brittle ceasefire.
“Same mate!” John offered in agreement from his own seat.
Sherlock and John spend a good while examining the body, the cause of death being obvious. She’d clearly died from blood loss from her slit throat. John checked for other factors such as outer signs of poisoning or trauma, but found nothing. Sherlock started rambling off his different findings across the room, but he was still unable to conclude how the room could have been locked from the inside and in extension how the killer could have executed the murder.
John giggled.
“Yes you can Sally, just listen to me and do as I say. First sit down on the floor.” Sherlock started to dig through his pockets at the telltale sound of Sally slowly sliding down to the floor. Sherlock kneeled down at the floor himself so he was at eyelevel with the lock as he kept rummaging through his many pockets, he knew he had it on him somewhere. “Good, now put your head between your knees and take as deep an inhalation as you can.” The detective mimicked the action too as he listened carefully to Sally’s slightly more raggedy breath. “Very good Sally and out.” Again Sherlock followed by example, hearing Sally follow as best as she could behind the door. Finally he found what he was looking for in his blazers inner chest pocket, his lockpick set! “You’re doing fine, now keep it up. I’ll have you out soon, promise.” He assured her once again as he began working the lock with deep concentration. Sally whimpered weakly as she tried to keep up the calming breathing pattern but finding it hard.
John then quickly dropped to the floor and faced Daniel. “Daniel buddy, look at me, look at me. You have to calm down a bit, try and focus on breathing. Come on.” John gently grasped both of the boy’s arms and raised them over his head to give his lungs more room to expand. “Come on now Daniel, together with me – breath in.” John inhaled deeply and Daniel tried to match the best he could. “And out..” John said and followed it with the action, again Daniel did it as well as possible. They repeated the same procedure a few times, Daniel’s breathing easing up a bit now that he wasn’t hyperventilating in panic and a having a calm presence to ground him.
By this point Sherlock’s face had flushed up, becoming deep red in anger. John had never seen Sherlock so furious before. Well, at least not at him anyway. But John was a soldier and he certainly wasn’t about to just stand there and take such an accusation and accept it. If Sherlock wanted to pick a fight then Captain John H. Watson was willing to enter the battle.
Right now, there were no cases making him run through half of London and John felt the satisfaction of relaxing after a productive day, safe from the chill of the weather outside. But even though it'd been nice to have the flat to himself for once he kind of wished Sherlock would return soon so they could enjoy a nice evening in, maybe order some take-out and then some crap telly cuddling.
“There you go mate, looked like you needed it.” He said and raised his own shot in salute.
“A minor setback merely John, but I can assure you I knew all along it was the lawyer that was the culprit.” The tall curly haired detective said confidently to the smaller man at his side, but with a small smile on his face.
nailpolish. It’s something I’ve been working on for some time, outside work. It’s a clear polish you can put on one of your nails, it changes into a light blue colour if it gets in contact with a wide variety of commonly used drugs for spiking drinks. If you’re ever in doubt someone put something in your drink or have left it unattended, you can just discreetly stir your drink with your finger and if it’s spiked the polish will react and change colour in a span of 30 seconds.”
“Oh John.. None of what I said was true.. None whatsoever.. I said those things out of spite and anger and I know that is no excuse. But it was lies and lies only.. John, you mean more to me than life itself, without you I cannot function.. You know I’m often accused of being heartless, but without you I truly would be.. I love you John Watson, you have to understand that you are my heart.”
John grabbed the remote and paused the movie so he could focus on figuring out why this scene had caused Sherlock so much misery. He turned back to the man and gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze as he tried to explain. “Well.. Frodo is confused and have been convinced by Gollum that Sam isn’t as good a man, or you know hobbit, as he thought him to be.”
“Well, Sherlock’s calling. Better do as he says.” Greg sighed and pocketed his phone in his shorts.
“Sure, that fits me fine.” The detective said. John stood up, taking their now empty glasses back towards the bar.
“Who I am is not important, you should be far more concerned about what I can do.” The man stated in a very calm collected manner, which for some only seemed to make him much more frightening.
John allowed a small smile to ghost his lips. “Just a bit mate.”
John kept scanning their surroundings. They could see the exit only a few yards ahead of them, but the last stretch to their freedom was completely bare and offered no protection whatsoever. John stomach fell as he realized there was no way they’d make it. At least not both of them…
“Let me just get my bag and we’re out of here.” The doctor added swiftly. He would fit in an extra workout tomorrow to make up for today, but right now he also felt a desperate urge to hurry home with his detective in hand. Thank god the flat was only 5 minutes away, actually 3.. If they ran.
The man rolled his large shoulders, his bodylanguage indicating a sharp defensive at being called out like that, but his voice was calm and his crooked smile still in place as he talked again.
“Greg listen it’s fine.. I just want to be alone for a bit alright?” John started as he neared the door. In a swift motion he unlocked the door, intending to send the DI off with a fake smile of reassurance, which he had mastered ages ago, but hoped he’d never needed to use again.
“Bloody hell! You idiot!!” Sherlock bellowed and quickly grasped his phone to save it from the pool of beer it was laying in. He quickly turned around to the other side on his right and fished a handful of napkins from a nearby table to dry off the worst of the ale before his phone would take permanent damage. It was almost brand new too! His old phone had been sacrificed on a case a few weeks earlier when it’d dropped out of his pocket to the pavement, as he and John had leaped over a fence in pursuit of a suspect. It was the newest model and he’d had finally gotten it set up perfectly to his liking. Sherlock dried it off as best as he could and turned on the screen, looking it over to see if it had suffered any damage at all and if it was still fully functional. It seemed like it had survived without any consequences, except having gotten a bit sticky.
“Are you all fucking crazy?! I’m going to press charges for assault after this!” Davis exclaimed loudly and fought his way back on his feet.
“I can guide us to it via the fastest route in here.” Mycroft offered, already up in a crouch to start leading the way. John however quickly pulled him down again.
and he absolutely hated it. But whenever it happened Sherlock would always immediately abandon whatever thing he was doing, as soon as he saw the familiar pain flash in the doctor’s eyes and begin the long and slow process of easing and relaxing the doctor once again.
“Oh John, welcome home dear.” The landlady greeted warmly. She was sitting at her small dinner table, a cup of tea between her hands. “Sherlock just baked a pie for my ladies’ night tomorrow.” She practically beamed with pride.
Mycroft’s stare turned stone cold. “Is that supposed to make everything okay then? Let’s hope where you’re going they’ll be more accepting of your pathetic character.”
But lately John had gotten so obsessed with his workouts that these moments had gotten too far between and Sherlock was losing his patience. Before the detective could fume further on the subject his phone chimed with an incoming text. Sherlock fished up the device from his breast pocket in his blazer. It was from Lestrade;
“Never! Frodo would never do that and no one will ever convince him otherwise.” John said with a confident voice as his heart hammered away in his chest. Was this really happening?
This time it was Jackson who spoke. Those bastards must have planned this all along. “You open this door right now or I won’t be responsible for what I might do to you when I get out!!” Sally yelled. Her heart was starting to pound, and her breaths were already getting shallower by the minute.
Charlie let out a small grunt of protest. “As if. I’m not going to live with Dr. Twat Watson, thinking he’s all that just because he’s got a fancy diploma and knows how to boss people around professionally.”
Sherlock felt a cold stab of pain in his heart as he heard John utter those words.
But before the guilt could bite into him further John swatted him weakly on the arm before mumbling into Sherlock’s chest;
“Yeah I know. Sherlock and I just helped Greg out with the last paperwork. We’re heading home in a bit.” John answered. He looked the detective over and did only just now realise the man wasn’t alone. At Dimmock’s side, a young boy no more than 6 or 7 years old, stood with one of his small hands clasped in the detective’s hand. The boy looked up at John with big brown eyes and chestnut hair curled wildly around his head, making John think of a young Sherlock. Even through the drowsiness though, John couldn’t help but notice the boy’s glassy eyes, fevered flush and slightly ragged breath, his doctor mode taking over automatically.
Mr. Hadley broke the embrace and held Charlie at an arm’s length looking the boy over up and down multiple times. “Are you alright? We’ve been out looking for you, we even called the police! They have a patrol out looking for you. We were so afraid something happened to you.”
Sherlock placed a gentle hand on the small of John’s back, letting John make the trip down the stairs by his own, but still staying close enough that the doctor could choose to lean into him if he needed the support.
John chuckled at the reference to last night’s activities. Ever since John had figured out what his ‘commanding’ voice could do to Sherlock, he’d used it to his advantage whenever he could.
“I think there’s one of those dreadful James Bond movies on the telly right now if you’re interested and I called that Italian place you like for takeout half an hour ago, it should be here any minute now.” Sherlock stated simply as he picked up the remote to find the right channel.
Sherlock felt like a stone had been lifted from his conscious, having the air cleared between them had felt better than he thought and he was happy Molly didn’t seem to take the hit too hard.
But, as mentioned earlier, Sherlock wasn’t here and the pain in John’s shoulder had by now grown into full blown agony. John sat and the couch in the living room and breathed sharply through his gritted teeth, as it was all he could do to try and work himself through the pain, while desperately trying to ignore the flashing images of his screaming and dying comrades in his head. In his haze of pain and agony he didn’t even hear the light footsteps ascending the stairs or the slight creak of the door as it was opened.
But John was too fast and immediately ran off the phone still in his hands.
The room was complete with a large comfortable chair for Sherlock to sit. Besides the chair stood a machine which looked like some kind of futuristic torture device in his eyes. Clearly this was the device that was to be placed in front of the his eyes during the examination.
This time let out a full, joyous laugh. “Oh I feel special now.” He turned to their landlady, who had a fond smile on her mouth from their little banter. “Do I even know what you threatened him with to have him bake for you?” He asked.
“I’m very well thank you and my violin is so too, though I’m afraid I’m not as great as when I had you by my side to pick at my sloppy fingering.” He chuckled.
Dimmock leaned just a slight tad closer to the American, his eyes fitting him with a hard glare. “Well it bloody hell is now! And I want this done by tonight. Have I made myself clear Mr. Davis?”
John opened the door pleased to see that a warm fire was already burning brightly in the fireplace. It was almost the only light to fill the space except from a few table lamps across the room. Perfect John thought to himself and quickly shrugged off his wet jacket. The only other light in the flat came from the kitchen where soft noises were coming from. John smiled as he started to unwind his shoelaces.
“Oh my God, John!”
Both Mrs. And Mr. Hadley looked at each other confused before turning back to Charlie. “Sending you back? My poor boy what gave you that idea?” Mrs. Hadley asked.
John smiled in response. “Don’t I know it!”
Bags under her eyes – stressed and exhausted
Molly sat back and sighed in relief. “Thank God we’re done. I’m so tired I feel like I could sleep for a week.” She stretched her arms over her head to try and ease some of the tension out of her body after sitting still for so long, before turning to Sherlock with a soft smile. “I don’t even want to think about how long I’d been if I’d been on my own. Thank you so much for your help Sherlock.” She said, her appreciation thick in her voice.
“Well if the two of you started doing your job instead of jumping on each other like bunnies during work hours, then maybe I wouldn’t need to come down here all the time and take all the credit as well as having to take over your work.” The detective said in his a matter of fact voice.
“Hey, where did Sherlock go? I haven’t seen him in a while.” John asked out loud and turned around, visually scanning the room for his tall boyfriend.
Another wave of hot white pain hit the doctor. The hand, currently grasping his bare, left shoulder in a desperately tight grip tightened, if possible, even further and John couldn’t help letting of a small cry of pain this time around. Normally these painful incidents didn’t last long enough to grow this painful, normally a pair of long pale hands would come to his rescue and, without him even asking, gently massage and kneed his tense muscles around the wound into relaxation, before the pain got to unbearable. They would continue to do so even long after the pain had subsided completely, then move to John’s neck and slowly work their way downwards until their owner was one hundred percent sure that the back underneath his elegant, slender, yet strong fingers was ridden of all its stiffness and knots. Those hands would then, gently push his body down for his head to lie in a soft, awaiting lap and then soothingly comb through his dark blond hair, silently banishing all the traumatic flashbacks that would haunt his mind and the handsome face of the owner would smile softly down at him while filling the silence with comforting words.
For long moments Sherlock sat impassively, still staring at the white noise on the screen. To other’s it might resemble when he was dwelling deep in thought but in reality, he was urgently fighting the nausea that was welling up in his body after witnessing those horrible scenes. Worst of all, he had no doubt about the truth behind the threats just given.
“There’s an old wall clock hanging right behind me, smack in the middle of your visual field. So unless you’re severely nearsighted or right out blind you can’t not know what time it is already. I do however know your eyes work perfectly well because your pupils have dilated approximately 30% since you started talking to me, more so than can be justified by the dimmed lighting, indicating you find me physically attractive. Your attempt to use psychology and provoke me into unconsciously fight to win back your approval by claiming you had no intention of flirting with me when you first approached me is dully noted, but as I just told you.. Not interested..” Sherlock shot off in a cold, deductive manner and then turned back to the screen on his phone.
“You were supposed to have the entire weekend of. You’ve already worked overtime 3 times this week alone!” Sherlock complained. That damned Sarah always did this! Apparently she didn’t take to well that John in the end had dumped her in favour of Sherlock. She’d always be on the poor doctor’s case, giving him overtime and extra paperwork. John was already on the lookout for a new job, but until he found one he was stuck at the surgery. And Sherlock really didn’t want John to leave right now..
“As I said, despite Mycroft and Lestrade’s best efforts I couldn't keep away from the drugs. Mrs Hudson even had to call an ambulance once when she found me passed out on the floor suffering from an overdose..”
Conclusion: Molly is overworked and dangerously close to a stress related breakdown
“Dr. Watson! Can you please come quick? Detective Inspector Dimmock’s boy is having some kind of attack!!” She said in nearly one breath.
When Lestrade needs a helping hand to redeem his wounded pride John Watson steps in and is the best mate a man could wish for.
John steeled himself. “Okay, 1.. 2.. 3!”
“Don’t you dare apologize Sherlock. You could never let me down.. I was a fool for not trusting you.
“That’s right, keep talking.” John whispered, his voice deeper.
“I’m hardly amazing in every way John, I’ve been told several times that my social skills apparently are lacking in numerous aspects – I still don’t see why it was needed for everybody to make such a big fuss when I confronted Mr. Robertson about clearly having an affair with the family’s au pair yesterday.”
Sally snatched it out of her hands. “My bloody grandmother could type faster than you! Just make yourself useful for once and bring me some coffee, black. Think you can manage that simple task?” the sergeant/ DI snapped crudely.
should be the one apologizing to you.”
“Oh I’m going to treasure this forever.” John gasped between breaths and fits of laughter.
At this sight John’s blood went from freezing to boiling in a second and he let out a thunderous roar of anger;
John’s heart almost broke at Sherlock’s soft, praising voice. “I wouldn’t put it like that..” John sighed and dropped his gaze, not able to accept the soft look his lover was offering him.
“Wrong.. Wrong.. This is so wrong…” Sherlock’s thoughts kept repeating endlessly in his head, giving him a headache. John was gone and he had just watched passively as the love of his life had left their flat. He was Sherlock Holmes for God’s sake! Sherlock had never been a sentimental man, everybody knew that, including John and John had always been fine with it. Because Sherlock was a man of action. Instead of telling John he loved him he simply showed him. Simple things as making the doctor a cup of tea in the morning, clearing the table of experiments before dinner, massaging John’s aching shoulder after a long day of work were just a few seemingly simple actions, but coming from Sherlock they might as well have been small miracles. Besides, the small smile of love and gratitude John would send him whenever he showed a little consideration never failed to make Sherlock’s heart swell a fraction more with love along with a feeling of complete wonder as well as thankfulness that such an amazing and wonderful man, as John actually wanted a rude and obnoxious, self-claimed sociopath like himself.
John smiled. “You know what else you need? You need to get your mind off Sally. She’s moved on, so should you.”
And this was so wrong!! Sherlock quickly stood from his slumped position on the floor. He knew he probably didn’t deserve John after what he’d done tonight. Hell he probably hadn’t done anything in his life to ever deserve John Watson in any way. But of all the things and insults thrown his way by the people around him Sherlock agreed one thing. He was selfish, he knew he was, he always had been and he always would be and John was just further proof of this. Because even though Sherlock knew he didn’t deserve Johns loyalty, admiration and love he wasn’t about to give it all up now! He had to find John, tell him how much he loved him and convince him of the truth in that fact. He had to show John what he meant to him and explain his horrid behaviour of this evening and then beg for forgiveness.
“Greg!” Sally called out in slight horror. “You’re a police officer, you can’t handle a suspect like this!”
It was late at night and a cold drizzle rained upon the large collection of Scotland Yard officers, gathered in front of an old abandoned theatre in the outskirts of London. John stood quietly on the walkway, trying to rub some feeling back into his frozen fingers.
Sherlock closed his eyes.
“Thanks.” John said, not about to pass up his opportunity to get home faster.
Sherlock would have protested but he would really like to sit for a minute as he had also started to feel a bit lightheaded. So, he took the offered seat without comment. Oh god, he just hoped he wasn’t coming down with something, he hated being sick it always slowed down his transport so inconveniently much.
Mycroft nodded. “Alright, I’ll get help right away. 5 minutes John. Hold on for 5 minutes.” Mycroft almost begged.
“Excuse me?” He huffed out half with laughter and the other half in disbelief for being interrupted before he’d hardly started talking.
The detective made up his mind then and there. “You’ll do no such thing. You’ll return home and get some rest, the department can survive half a day without you.”
“Screw the soup, I’d probably have ruined it anyway. Let’s just call the restaurant and have them bring us some, the owner owes me a favour anyway.” Sherlock said as he started unbuttoning John’s shirt and steer them back towards the living room.
Some disgruntled men at the yard are unhappy about Sally Donovan’s handling as stand-in DI and decides she need to be taught a lesson. Things escalate and Sherlock comes to Sally’s aid when she needs it the most.
“You look absolutely stunning John, you needn’t worry so much.” He whispered gently into his ear.
“Pleasure, Dr. Watson.” He said, with a clear American accent.
Lestrade looked at his watch again. It wasn’t like Sherlock to be late when setting a time. He was starting to get slightly worried when finally, a taxi pulled over and revealed the doctor and the detective.
This pattern continued. John made sure to alternate how long they’d stay behind each cover so the man wouldn’t detect a pattern that’d make it easier to time his shots. They were almost at the emergency exit now. John and Mycroft leaned against the cold steel of the assembly line they were hiding behind. Both men were panting form exhaustion, Mycroft more so than John.
“Yes, yes of course!!” Lestrade pulled out his phone to dial.
“Yes sir!” The first said. “Right away sir!” Said the other. Both their eyes shining with admiration and did as they were told.
“While I appreciate you concern dear John, there’s really no need to worry so much.” Sherlock said with a smile when he finally pulled himself a bit more together. One of his hands disappeared from John’ shoulder to reach behind him and grasped a clean tea towel.
“For God’s sake Mycroft!! Do you rea…” But John didn’t get to finish his rant when suddenly the large overhead lights exploded with a loud bang, bathing them in a shower of fiery sparkles, before leaving them in complete darkness.
Sherlock kissed John's neck again and pulled his arms tighter around the doctor's waist.
He had sworn to himself he would never do something like this. But he had been so angry and his control had slipped just as the words of this evening had just slipped from his mouth. He realised now, more than anything, that he had truly hurt the only person who had ever made him feel loved and accepted for whom and what he was. He’d betrayed the man who had never shown him anything but loyalty, admiration and angel-like patience. A man who least of all deserved to be hurt by anyone. The first, last and only love of his life.. John.. He had hurt his John..
The two companions continued down the hallway. It was late and by now they were both eager to get home to their shared apartment to sit in front of the fire, have a nice cup of hot tea and allow the stress of the past hectic hours to drift from their exhausted bodies.
John, Sherlock and Lestrade had spent the best part of the day sorting through some cold cases Sherlock had worked out during the week. After a quick dinner containing take-out Thai food Greg and John had opted for grapping a few pints down at the bar not far from Bakerstreet. They’d offered Sherlock to join them, but the detective declined as Molly had just provided him with a fresh human tongue to run a series of experiments on, that being his vision of a Friday night well spent.
Sherlock blinked a few times. John and he had been together, in the romantic sense of the word, for almost 4 months now and he was still amazed of how good John was at understanding his intensions and feelings without any explanations. Where others had always brushed him off as being rude and cold John met him with understanding and patience. He was truly lucky to have found such a great man as John Watson to share his life and love.
“I’m afraid it might be more serious than that. I feared this might happen at some point. Though, I never imagined they’d try to get to me on English soil.” Mycroft muttered, his eyes looking around skittishly even though noting but darkness surrounded the two outside the limited light source from Mycroft’s phone.
John made up his mind and drowned the last of his beer and put the empty glass on the table. After a quick return to the bar where he ordered two shots of bourbon he made his way over to Anderson’s corner. He placed one of the shotsglasses in front of the man.
“Yes, definitely Wednesday.” John confirmed.
John too looked at his message;
“And John would miss you too. I know you don’t like him much but he worries about you more than you think. He once told me you’d make a great soldier. He said you’re the most courageous child he’s ever met, having been through so much and still be able to hold your chin so high. He knows you’re going to grow up and do great things in your life.”
Lestrade’s own eyes shimmered a bit, the meaning and sincerity behind those words not lost on him. Despite his weak state he managed to squeeze Sherlock’s hand back a little in a silent ‘
“My Gods it is you!” André almost ran the last two steps and threw both his arms round the tall man’s neck and even had to stand on the tip of his feet to reach and padded his former student lovingly on the back in sheer joy.
Sherlock was still fuming silently under the surface, but took comfort in the fact that the man at least finally seemed to have gotten the message into his thick head and the whole reason he’d ventured down here was to bring John and him a drink each. He didn’t want John to think he hadn’t taken him into consideration and just gotten a drink for himself. Sherlock took a deep breath and willed his still irate sate to simmer down before he accepted.
Sherlock sat in his armchair in the living room of 221B, absentminded plucking at his violin strings while having a staring contest with the yellow-painted smiley face on the wall. It was early morning, so the detective still wore his soft pyjamas trousers and an old army t-shirt of John’s he’d ‘borrowed’ until further notice. John had feigned dismay at Sherlock for taking his clothes without asking, but the detective had easily deduced John’s secret pleasure and possessiveness in seeing Sherlock wear his shirt. Sherlock imagined it was comparable to when men had used to concurr land and mark their new territory with their flag. Although illogical, Sherlock found he did not mind John’s sentiment in this manner.
Harry set it aside, and tried not to look too excited about the bracelet that was wrapped up in the next package.
John jogged down the stairs to the kitchen where his mum was sweeping away the remnants of a broken mug.
“Yeah, I get it. You’re smart and you passed tests, don’t show off.”
“NEWTs. Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests. Kind of like A-Levels.”
With a few looks around, he set off down the hallway.
"Reading material can be re-read." Mycroft sighed.
"Isn't it obvious?" Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"You seriously misunderstand my title."
John thought about the Snape incident. Right.
"Yes. Amazing. Absolutely."
“You always say. You talk about Quiddig too.”
“I never said I passed them, son.”
He’d have to sneak back in to the Ravenclaw common room later. Wouldn’t help his situation at all if he got caught, he’d rather avoid the drama. For now, he was going back to library.
“It’s going to rain this evening.”
He smiled, and it wasn't forced this time. "Thanks mum."
“Wonder why she hasn’t done that to you.”
"Should I dare ask what you think you are doing?"
"Ah. Holmes. What contribution are you making today?" Snape said, sneering. "Would you care to enlighten us?"
“Oh, this is John Watson, my Seeker for Gryffindor.” Lestrade suddenly remembered.
McGonagall was about as intimidating as they come.
“I want to be a Healer, so Potions, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology and Charms.”
"Oh yeah, laugh and joke, it's fine. You won't be the ones holding the damn victory after we
Sherlock looked from his brother to his parents. They were wide-eyed, blinking at him.
“No you weren’t.” Irene grinned, the lipstick she was wearing making her look older.
"Division?" Greg grinned.
John buttoned up his shirt. "Oh god, I better check my timetable, I hope I don't have Potions today."
”Everything okay?”
Mike and Molly had become involved in their own conversation, so Greg turned back to John.
"Try the spell again?" John offered.
Greg closed his mouth. "Right."
Greg couldn't help it, he burst into laughter. Mycroft widened his eyes, looking slightly scandalised at the outburst. He quickly smoothed it over, smiling politely.
Greg looked up to find John coming quickly towards him. He lifted an eyebrow. "I was on time, where the hell have you been?"
"Well, that's, well - That's good. I'm sorry dear, I just wasn't expecting it." His mother said.
John’s jaw dropped. “That was...”
"Surely."
The carriage lapsed into silence as the train ploughed through the countryside. It would only be a couple of hours before Greg was back in Hogwarts. He couldn’t wait.
“Ah.” John fought the smile of his face as he put a tumbler glass back into the cupboard.
"Yeah, course. Trust me, I've got an eye for good players. You've got the body of a beater, I'd say."
Sherlock lowered his hand and left to his own bedroom without knocking for her. A lack of communication between people, it seemed, went both ways.
John tried to actively engage in the lesson, but he was switching off already. He couldn't help it, it was so dull and frankly, trying to keep up with Snape talking as if they were Potion Masters themselves was not helping in the slightest.
With an exasperated sigh, he picked up the books and traipsed out of the library back to the Gryffindor common room.
Young. Second year, judging by the bout of pre-pubescent acne that was starting to blossom on his nose, and the slight squeak of his vocal cords. Short too, but height could mean anything. Yellow tie; Hufflepuff.
“You’re a persistent sleepwalker then?” Sherlock said softly.
"Cheers for that, Moriarty." John huffed, picking up the paper from the floor.
“Wha-? What?”
"I better get up to bed. Night mum." John said suddenly, making his way to the stairs.
“You could do without added distraction. Believe me, removing you from the team would be devastating to me too, last year was a brilliant run.” She almost looked sad, but the deep crease in her forehead between her brow showed Greg she was very cross.
in bed for the rest of the night."
And thank you to all who read and leave kudos <3
Seb's rat - Tiger - Moran appeared in a different novella by George MacDonald Fraser called 'Flashman and the Tiger', in which he was nicknamed Tiger Jack.
Seb turned the apple over his hand and didn't speak. He realised a long time ago it would be better if he didn't speak when Jim was about to go off on a monologue.
"I never doubted. This way." Mycroft said, and turned on his heels. Greg dumbly followed behind. He watched as Mycroft lifted an elegant arm and plucked a book from the shelf he could reach, turning to give it to him. There was something quite swan-like about the way he moved. In fact, he wouldn't be bad at Quidditch, with all that dainty movement.
“So was I.”
"You're an arse, Greg, that's what you are."
. It had all smooth edges, a glossy handle, with
Somehow the line eased a bit of the hollow in his chest.
John didn’t question what the hell he was on about, because he was sick of sounding like an idiot in front of this smart boy who was a year younger than him but annoyingly taller.
“Where’s your silly friend, why don’t you go and bother her?” Sherlock huffed.
They paused behind the library main door as the footsteps continued down the corridor. Eventually, they turned the corner and left. Sherlock opened the door and poked his exposed head out, turning it left and right and looking like a right spectacle. John hid his grin. He followed after the taller boy as they quickly and quietly made their way through the halls.
“Hey wait a minute, where’s Cinnamon?” John asked Greg.
"Honestly Sherlock, I know you're pleased, don't even deny it."
“Absolutely.”
He was halfway through his meal when there was a tap on his shoulder.
“You’re the one making all the noise, you twat.” John whispered, making Sherlock grin. “What the Hell am I even doing here? Where are we going, Sherlock?”
John guffawed. “I’m not that smart, Harry. I had to work hard on them. Anyway, with all that, and the creatures and the ghosts and the upside-down logic, you’d hate it there.”
“Not that one!”
"As a matter of fact I do." The amused smile returned to his face.
Sherlock grinned. Mycroft couldn’t help grinning back.
”Show us, dear.” John’s mother said.
"Hm?"
“Hurry up!” Greg shouted, rushing on board.
"Sherlock's in my Potions class."
“I said keep it down.” Sherlock hissed. “We can’t we seen or heard.”
"Where's the flaw in training harder, longer and stronger?" Greg said.
The lock clicked and they slipped inside.
"A fair few." Mycroft said firmly, putting a hand on his sternum.
John was not. He was always the black sheep. It never made sense to him why he had always been so different, not until he got his letter. His mum asked him once what he wanted to be when he was older. He had no clue. He never had a favourite genre of music, or a football team, or a general interest in anything as a kid. He was always described as bland - no similar interests to make friends with and no personality. He could never explain why things sometimes seemed to move around on their own accord, or why that one day the lightbulb popped when he got angry, or why his hair grew too fast.
“You don’t remember?” John asked, but the way his voice carried it didn’t sound like a question, it sounded more like a statement. Like the he wasn’t at all surprised that Sherlock had no recollection of what had landed him in a hospital bed with a bad headache and all his other current symptoms. John’s lips tightened into a thin line and his eyes grew large with a stronger mix of sadness and guilt?
“Sherlock, stay with me! Stay awake love!” John called and rubbed lightly on the younger man’s sternum in an effort to keep him conscious. It was no use and only seconds later the detective lost himself do the darkness.
well liked on the force so it was understandable so many wished to be reassured he was alright.
“One large, dark IPA and a double finger Green Spot whiskey on the rocks please.”
John could only nod softly in reply so Sherlock continued;
Mrs. Hudson returned his gaze and with a tut of dismay she tried wobbly to pull herself to her feet. “Oh dearie I’m sorry, your tea! I’ll go make it right away.”
clever! Must be my lucky night.”
But John ignored the order and kept glaring into the eyes of Anderson whom he still held with a firm grip at his collar.
With that settled John let go of the still scared man, sending them both a last warningly death glare as they stumbled back down the hallway, mumbling angrily as they went.
“Woo hoo.. Sorry to disturb you boys I know you just got home, but that nice detective inspector and a young sweet girl are here asking for you Sherlock, should I let them up or?” The landlady asked gently, clearly not wanting to intrude if Sherlock wasn’t up for having visitors right away.
Without pause the detective marched right over to the two men, pulled up at chair, sat down in front of them both and folded his hands neatly in his lap.
John returned his attention to Daniel who still tried to take as calm breaths as possible, but it was clear it was getting harder and harder for him. The poor boy looked at John with big fearful eyes, clearly fighting to hold back tears. John felt his chest constrict with sympathy, the poor thing was understandably very scared. He didn’t allow his worry to show though. He was a doctor and a professional. He had to be the voice of reason while everybody else acted in panic and fear, which was the last thing Daniel needed at this moment.
The tall boy kept his expression solemn. “Lestrade. I take it you had a decent summer.”
Holmes rolled his eyes and picked up his book. "Not like I was learning anything anyway." He said, and sauntered out the door without so much as a backwards glance.
"Right, of course. I mean it's just as well, with her birthday being so close to the beginning of the school term, we'd hardly have any time to buy her things-"
“Hi, Greg.” The girl said.
Sherlock lifted his wand. “
“Not important, Sherlock, I want the important stuff.” Irene held out up hand, interrupting.
Beta reader wanted GET @ ME
"You have no idea. You should have seen him the first day." John recalled the Holmes boy. "Hey, you know Mycroft, right?"
"Shit. Is that Filch?"
Sherlock didn't drop the smirk. "I advise you to
He led them to the corridor of the library. Filch was strolling down it, and Sherlock ducked backwards in the nick of time. He released John’s wrist and pressed the back of his arm over the shorter boy’s chest, sandwiching him into the wall.
"You're always taking everything, it's not fair." Sherlock jabbed at him. "Don't you know how to have a bit of fun?"
"No, I'm serious. Harry, I don't mind." John said, drying his hands on the towel. “I mean, I wish you could’ve at least seen the grounds. You’d have loved the views.”
John snapped himself awake when he heard a crash downstairs.
“Shh. It’s Filch.”
“I’ll go check. Sounded like a plate.”
Greg’s cat had been his for years, since she was a kitten. She was named Cinnamon for her ginger fur and she was the prettiest cat Greg had ever seen. She was always out to get Boswell, though, to John’s misery. Greg thought it just added to her charm.
James Moriarty brought the apple to his lips as he took a bite out of it. It was a green one, sour, that he'd taken from the First Feast earlier that evening. He was in the Slytherin common room, staring into the fireplace. The start of his sixth year. How utterly boring.
"Is he in any other of your classes?"
He attempted to open the door with a twist of the handle. It didn't budge.
Greg spent a couple minutes following Mycroft around as he put the books back. It was quite satisfying to watch, actually.
Sherlock stopped and said nothing. Irene blinked through her long lashes up at him. “Please.”
Sherlock's expression looked as if he had just been insulted beyond the worst imaginable.
She looked up at him with mock hurt. “That’s no way to talk to a lady, is it?”
"Apparently he moved up." John shrugged.
More silence.
John spat out the toothpaste before he spoke. "I didn't want anything! Honestly. It's good for you, you get to go through the life you want to have, right? It's great. It's all good. Amazing in fact."
"Sherlock?" John echoed.
John didn't reply. He pulled on his robes and picked up his stuff. "Got to run." He said, leaving the changing room to dash to next class.
Greg pulled at his collar. Stupid thing. He’d spent a whole six weeks getting used to not wearing them again only to shove them back on. He undid the top button. Maybe it was just nerves. He had a right to be nervous. First day back and he was already being summoned by the House Leader.
“Right. I’ll send an owl and let you know if I can.”
Greg looked over.
Greg frowned at the mention of his name, remembering upsetting him in the library. Both him and John were both back to back, not looking at each other's faces; bit awkward when they getting changed, so John didn't see the face Greg made. "Not really, he's in my classes. But kind of, yeah."
Sherlock looked disgusted. “I didn’t just read your mind. I didn't need to.”
“Mike Stamford. Third year Hufflepuff as well.”
“Thanks.” John said flatly. He was used to that.
Sherlock stopped, hand on the door handle. He turned with a look that showed John he was dying to tell him.
"What's that?"
Sherlock screwed up his face. He hated when people interrupted. He huffed again.
He learned very quickly that people do not take kindly to others who are more capable, but that had never been the case for Mycroft. People had never liked him much, but he was never antagonized like Sherlock had been. He tried to round up the differences between him and his elder brother. Well, for one, Mycroft was a lot more tolerable, less belittling and more polite, a Prefect for 3 years straight, a tutor for other children, and the list went on. Sherlock on the other hand, was intolerable, rude and antisocial. That, in conjunction with constantly reducing points for the Ravenclaw house with his dangerous experiments he conducted in secret (he once blew up the a section of the greenhouses with his own potion concoction). Moving up a year to the sixth, having skipped the entire fifth year by doing his OWLs a year early, would not make him any less of a target for negativity. Especially with older wizards.
“Not Quidditch! For one class? One class that I’m failing?”
"Did a good job through, didn't you?" Greg exhaled, rubbing his chest where his heart had accelerated to over twice it's usual rate. "What the hell, Holmes."
"It's quite obvious. It's late, and the library is empty." Mycroft replied swiftly, putting the books into seperate piles by subjects.
Greg chuckled. "All right, you got me, I don't know how to use a library. Not my division."
“Come with me.” Sherlock said, wrapping his hand around the boy’s wrist and pulling him. “And keep your voice down.”
Sherlock blinked. That was new. With nothing else to comment, he turned back towards the door of the Restricted Section, though he seemed hesitant in his movements, like he was contemplating something.
“I heard you tutor?” The boy said.
"John-"
Greg and John sat down opposite each other, a girl and a boy were sat by the window.
Mycroft frowned. "I beg your pardon?"
"I'm only going to be Captain for a year before I leave, I just wanted to have to some fun with it."
The library was quiet; he wasn't expecting it to be busy on the first day. Just as well too, if anyone caught him in here, he'd have it.
Jim looked over to see who entered, but he didn't need to, since he recognised the voice.
There was footsteps down the hall outside, echoing through the quiet of the night.
Asleep and standing? Interesting, thought Sherlock.
"Apologies. I was only going to come over to offer you some assistance. I didn't mean to frighten you."
That was just about the nerdiest line Greg had ever heard in his life. "Yeah..." He said, uncertain. "Horrible, isn't it? Can't find a single book in this mess." He added, blaming his own ignorance on other's carelessness. "Guess that means you're quite familiar with where everything is, then?"
“You remembered my pussy, should I be honoured?” Irene raised a brow at him.
"Interesting," Jim murmured under his breath.
Jim flicked his eyes open, and Seb dropped his gaze lightning fast.
The entire school body had gathered in the Great Hall for the Sorting. He watched with mild curiosity as the first years were one by one brought to the front, the Sorting Hat placed on their heads, and organised into their houses. He watched with closer curiousity at the ones put into Ravenclaw. They seemed burly enough, though some looked like they lacked some spine. Others looked far too rigid, like they had too much spine. But people always said that about him, didn’t they?
“I haven’t the faintest.”
“Honestly. Second one tonight.”
"No, look dear, 'We are delighted to inform you that William Sherlock Scott Holmes has surpassed his OWL examinations and is to be moved from his fifth year to his sixth at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry’." His mother read from the letter, brimming with excitement.
"You want to be an Auror?" his father said.
Sherlock groaned loudly. Did anyone ever give him a break?
"This year." Jim stroked his chin thoughtfully as he smiled. "It just got interesting."
She had her dark hair pinned up out of her carefully made up face, uniform impeccable. Apart from the fact that she was wearing a pencil skirt rather than the standard school skirt, describing it as ghastly.
He stopped outside the door to his sister's room and raised his hand to knock on her door. Then he stopped.
"If you aren't going to let me in then leave me alone." Sherlock waved his hands in the air, his wand still in hand.
"Perhaps I should give you all some Wit-Sharpening Potion, since you all seem to be in dire need of it!"
Mycroft unsheathed his wand - applewood, dragon heartstring core, 10 and a half inches - and waved it with a swish and a flick, muttering "Wingardium Leviosa." under his breath. The books levitated to the highest shelf that Mycroft couldn't reach and returned themselves.
"All right. Be sure to call Eurus, she hasn't come down for dinner yet."
“I was being sarcastic.”
I am."
“...Alright, two.”
“Yeah, in a sense. I didn’t know you did A-levels.”
“You played excellent last year.” Molly said, grinning. “I mean, Hufflepuff did exceptionally well, but as Captain for Gryffindor, you’re strategies were very good. Like when you did the top-down manoeuvre in your match against Ravenclaw last year, it was brilliant!”
"Again, isn't it obvious?"
Everyone always said that Sherlock was too clever for his own good. Everyone always said that he'd follow after Mycroft too, the clever little boy he was. Pathetic.
"Intuition."
“But, why Quidditch?” Greg moaned.
John bought the toad in his first year. Being muggle-born, he didn’t realise how out of fashion toads were. They were the ‘uncool’ pet. Nearly everyone had either a cat or an owl. When John turned up with Boswell, he was embarrassed. He wanted to get rid of him, but then Boswell went missing by himself a few weeks later. John was worried sick. When he returned by Christmas he had a broken front leg and John had already formed an unhealthy attachment and couldn’t bare getting rid of him.
Seb grinned. "Because I'm the only one who puts up with you."
"I should think so though it begs the question; why?" Mycroft tilted his head, looking down at his brother.
John blinked. “Then how?”
Sherlock’s eyes followed the movement, before he turned back around to check for Filch.
"Anyone who intends to behave in a manner similar to that can leave this instance." Snape added for good measure.
"Well, Sherlock gave Snape a mouthful the first day." John smiled at the memory.
His mother stopped wiping down the kitchen cabinets to look at him. "John, about Harry..."
Mycroft sighed. "You're taking more than three extra books for your studies, and it's the first day back of term. You're only taking them for three of your subjects, so it's ones to struggle in. You aren't performing well in them then, and are attempting to improve your grades."
“No.. God no… You’re so amazing in every way.. And your hands are –OH GOD YES! right there Sherlock!” John groaned in midsentence as Sherlock rubbed the spot right under his shoulderblade.  “And your hands are no exception..” He finished in an exhaled breath.
Sherlock huffed in dismay.
the way you are!” John said, confident in his own words before adding in a soft whisper;
Dexter took a half step back but Sherlock stood his ground unfaced, convinced Charlie had no real intent in hurting either of them.
“So sexy.” John exhaled in awe.
“I’m impressed John. Your deductions skills are no doubt improving. Then again, your years as a doctor and caretaker, combined with your compassionate nature and want to always help and protect the people around you are obviously a big factor in your observational preciseness in this case.” Sherlock murmured softly in answer.
Sherlock couldn’t help how his voice broke ever so slightly on his last words.
Still John was slightly startled when Sherlock’s eyes pined back on him, flashing with.. No it couldn’t be.. Was Sherlock really eyeing him with contempt? Sherlock was angry yes, but he’d never looked at John like that before. A small pang of pain pierced John’s heart even before Sherlock opened his mouth.
John, though still confused, quickly put down the bags and returned the soft embrace before asking.
Curious, John abandoned the groceries and wine in the hallway and went to inspect further. He knocked on the front door leading in to the landlady. He didn’t want to just barge in if she was having visitors, but no answer came. He could however hear the muffled sound of laughing. John couldn’t supress a smile, though it wasn’t common he would be able to recognise Sherlock’s laugh anywhere.
But as he was making his way through one of the darkest alleys on his route, he heard scuffle and commotion coming further down and quickly jumped behind a dumpster to hide. He could hear two male voices echoing against the walls, one was slightly more distinct and the other sounded slightly muffled and weak. Maybe two homeless who’d gotten into a fight over a squat spot? He knew he should probably just hurry to make his way out into the lighted main street and get moving onwards home, but.. He was kind of curious. Maybe it was someone he’d know from the homeless network, if so he’d feel bad if he didn’t step in to help.
