John doesn’t take very long. “Thank god they bring you your order. I would never have managed”, he grins, and sits down again.
But he can’t move. It’s as if the gear is all in place and there is no key to turn the ignition, no gas to run on.
It is, in its routine, quite similar to how it used to be, some days ago, after their initial talk in Sherlock’s bedroom, that day when the dark clouds over his head were full-bellied with their storm.
Work takes his mind off the haunted looks in their faces. The two people he loves most in this world, looking at him with wide, terrified diamonds. Trained on him. On his every move. Wary. As if living a nightmare. Waiting for him to burst. Shout. Strike. A jury. To judge his flinching face muscles, predict his every move, deduce his every thought.
This chapter is slightly smaller than previous ones, but we are trying to regulate our lives along with sufficient updates for you, so bare with us. We'll work hard to give you new chapters as regularly as possible even if they are smaller sometimes ;)
John told him, tried to reason with him, shouted at him although it might had been that he mostly shouted at himself. He told him why he reached the hospital in time. How Mrs Hudson had shown them all where to find the DVD with the recording of the woman John did never love. Purposely left there. In 221B for John to find, for John to see, for John to play the hero without being one.
John is not here yet. Maybe he will not come downstairs at all. Sherlock rubs at his eyes. The dream has both tired him and unsettled him. There was no falling involved in it, but it feels like a drop to reality now; Why would John come down, anyway?
John has been up for a while now. He could hear him, as he lay on his back in the middle of his bed, eyes glued to the white of the ceiling; the clang of a pan, whisking, water boiling. What was he up to on a… -
Mrs Hudson tries to console a Rosie that tries to clutch onto her like a monkey with a demanding whine. “Oh dear, you all seem-”. John shakes his head. “More off today”, she finishes. Somehow, she manages to splay a palm over her chest and sigh with a roll of her eyes, like a tutting mother when her own children are upsetting her.
The rejection just makes Honeybee turn her attention back to Sherlock, and she renews her efforts at trying to feed him.
He lets it all take over. Not in autopilot, no. But something similar. With a different edge to it. He makes breakfast -pancakes, doctor’s recipe, allowed, Sherlock’s favourite- and doesn’t care about anything but to make his mate eat well. Or at least… well enough.
John shakes his head ruefully. Sherlock’s tilts to the side in confusion. Why is John so upset by the thought of him being alone?
He glances at Sherlock’s closed door. Remembers the tender affection of his own name on Sherlock’s lips. The scrambling movements and the shy and quick goodnight. The door closing but John not feeling empty anymore.
John dropped a heavy palm on his face, muffling a groan into it. Everything seemed too loud all of a sudden. What had he done? The drinking and- Fuck.
. From that first day, he has always seen it. Along with the silence from the other front. Her godfather. Unresponsive in front of John.
They both stop. Startled. Sherlock blinks, his fingers playing with a loose thread on his knee. John notices, frowns, takes a deep breath. Sherlock, too anxious to wait, takes it as a hint, dropping the bomb.
John reaches forward, squeezing Sherlock’s bicep, his eyes never leaving the taller man. The touch makes Sherlock to stop rumbling nervously. John attempts a reassuring smile.
Sherlock lowers his gaze with respect as they walk past them; there is something about this moment that is so pure and private he does not want to be caught intruding with his stare. Beside him, he can see John’s eyes lingering, too. Sherlock wonders what he is thinking about. If he is longing for the woman that Mary should have been, for the family he was denied. Honeybee clutches his right index finger in a palm, and brings it to her lips, mouthing softly at it, as they leave the small family further and further behind. Sherlock can’t help thinking that she deserves a mother. That John deserves someone by his side, someone who will make him smile, and believe in himself, and be strong. They both deserve to be happy. Something in Sherlock’s chest deflates then, a balloon pricked by a needle, and nothing is as magical as it was a few moments before. The world grows back to its real size and can no longer fit in the cage of his palms.
John licks over his dry lips with an equally dry tongue. Water. Sherlock rushes to get him some water, supports him as he raises up on an elbow to drink two sips, and then helps him lie down again.
“For the gentleman”, John chirps. Sherlock’s plate is placed in front of him, and he murmurs a thank you to the glass window.
When John returns home that day, his mood elevated from a good full day’s work, he finds Sherlock’s eyes glistening. His curls and dressing gown, ravens over ocean, fluttering with a constant wind singing to them. Energy surrounds him, spilling colours to the whole room. The whole flat.
Sitting on his armchair, waiting for John and Rosie, hearing her heart-clenching sobs and John’s please, he thought how he could just tell John; walk to the bathroom, hold Honeybee’s hand, help John navigate this experience with his daughter in a calmer way. Fear, black and heavy in the pit of his stomach, held him back. Maybe John would say his way of caring was wrong, that he was dotting too much (what kind of qualification did Sherlock have for an opinion on Rosie’s matters, anyway). Maybe John would realise just how much time Honeybee spent with Sherlock and decide to put an end to that arrangement (was bound to happen, better not to bring it about sooner). Besides, he did not want to make John doubt of his ability to be a good parent; he was sure that John would notice and cater to his daughter’s needs on his own, without (unwanted, intrusive) prompting. But still when he saw the stretching bitter sadness in John’s eyes, after the ordeal was over, guilt gripped Sherlock’s stomach and twisted, hard.
John giggling beside him at the bottom of the stairs, John winking over the brim of a mug, John dishevelled a three in the morning rushing to get ready for a new case and dash at the morgue, John holding his hand when they bolted handcuffed together, John smiling when he told him he’s his best friend, John giving him his daughter to hold for the first time.
He returned six months too late. To find that the ashes he had left behind had been scattered by the East wind, and that nothing new had sprang from the ground beneath them.
“No, really, let me see-” John tries to reach Sherlock’s eye amidst chuckles and Sherlock almost leans into the touch when it comes before the small pain of a growing bump registers and he winces.
Sherlock stands and walks to the kitchen, without intercepting John’s anxiety parade for one. He flicks the kettle switch on, retrieves two mugs, two teabags from the box on the counter. There is ample space for it, and other boxes of spices, containers for rice and pasta now, without microscope, meth lab and experiments taking up space.
This time, he could sit in his armchair, opposite them after the dishes were done, without Sherlock flinching. He had made an immediate motion to transfer her to John, however.
John. The old John. The one that rebuked him with a roll of his eyes and a snorted chuckle. Firm, but kind. It was not their every day. Even before the fall. But when it was…
“What are you up to?” John walks over with an easy smile, fingers brushing the small of Sherlock’s back.
Rosie giggles, startling them. She grabs her feet with small fingers and giggles again. Sherlock steals a glance at him, and John returns it, pain forgotten for a moment and they are transported back in time, leaning against the hall’s wall, laughing panted breaths, shoulders bumping together. In no time, they start giggling too.
The flashes under his eyelids slowly come to a stop and he can finally smell the faint scent of brewing bitter lemon tea and honey. All scents of home. Familiar. Safe. He’s home. ‘How did I get here?’ On the couch, he feels. The leather scratching his nape, sticking to his skin with all the sweat. He’s sweating. Too much. He doesn’t want to try and remember last night, lest all the hell comes back. It will be something embarrassing anyway.
There are noises he should be focusing on, until he can open his eyes. He strains for them; for the sizzling and clanging from John’s cooking, for Honeybee’s babbling. Silence greets him instead. Maybe they are not awake. Depends on the time. His watch is right there on his left wrist, he can just raise his arm to the level of his eyes and he will see. But he doesn’t. He can’t. Too far. It’s too far away.
“I…” He sniffs, eyes glued to the floor. His voice thick with tears, as the breath of a wave. “But I
“Fuck.” He breathes, looking away and swallowing. “We just- we just need to get this done.” He tries.
There’s soft music playing over their heads, classical but playful, chosen to soothe babies but not bore toddlers enough for them to throw a fit. They walk towards an empty colourful sofa, John already working on unstrapping Rosie off him.
“We have plenty detailed guidelines and time to help her now, John”, Sherlock tries to imbue his voice with all the certainty John lacks, and more.
Resistance had ebbed from him gently, easily. Sherlock had just closed his eyes and felt it, felt how it was to be held, to feel John’s solid body against his own, drinking it all in like a parched flower finally getting to bask in the sun. Everything John unknowingly touched, every ruin and scar and flaw, he gentled and smoothed out, gave beauty to. Healing was real, in that moment. Healing, living, wanting,
“John, it’s important to note, you’ve been doing very well, despite the circumstances. You need to guide yourself to let go of the blame and focus on her as the person she is once more. You both deserve it.”
5.55. Sherlock begins to pace again, his wine-red nightgown brushing against his heels -counting is forgotten. It can't be that he imagined the words, the promise, however disgruntled it had been, however fed up the tone in which it was delivered
Sherlock’s fingers surprisingly slide open ever so slightly. John tilts his head to read. The prominent logo of the NHS overpowers the top right corner. ‘…to inform you of your hospital general check-up on the 13
John clears his throat, takes a sip. Tries to sit more comfortably, changes his mind, crosses his legs the other way. Drums his fingers on the table-top and clears his throat again.
“Yes.” He surprised himself by how quick his reply came out. “I mean- maybe… After he felt better. I asked him. He said he does want my help. He had said similar things before… I had reached out before… but now… it feels… more…”
Sherlock looks over at him. John is in front of the tub on his knees, but insisted Sherlock use the small stool so as not to strain his back.
Rosie blinks at him and then tugs at the lapels of his nightgown, pointing at her pink elephant -perched on the back of his armchair, over his shoulder- with a whine. Slow at first, his hands clumsy, he gives it to her, watches as she clutches it tight. Said elephant is almost anatomically correct -if tusk-less, cartoon-like and pink. It normally decorates her bed -John must have forgotten it here last night. Sherlock wonders if she has named it, and how, and whether she tells it, in her way, babbling like an impatient warbling bee, what she sees trough her eyes.
“When will you understand”, John’s every word is followed by a pause, sharp and steep, “that this is not about
He is half-way up the first flight of stairs when a vehicle halts on the road, almost directly outside the door.
“Enough.” John shouts, standing up, fists clenched. He wouldn’t have this. Not anymore. “Stop it, Harry. Just stop.” But apparently, he hasn’t shocked her into silence. Even then.
Sherlock is looking at them with tentative raised eyebrows. John shrugs. ‘Yes, I can sing, you big git.’
. A whimper resonates in his throat, and now there’s energy to every part of him, energy, and warmth; from John’s lips it travels to the rest of him. Melts him.
The eyes that weren’t looking at him were now drilling holes at his back. Bullet holes, metal lodged into his flesh, and yet still moving, pushing, pushing like worms through dirt, to eat away more, to hurt more, tunnels through his body, accusing, biting, chewing. Through him, for a way through him. Everything. And nothing. The eyes. The bloody eyes of sapphire, cracked mirrors, empty, red, red, red-
The door to 221B is open when John is not home, letting Mrs. Hudson come and go as she pleases. Even if her hip has been giving her a hard time lately, preventing her from visiting as often as she would have, she always likes to make her presence very much felt. If she is in too much pain, she will shout at him if they need anything from the bottom of the stairs and he will reply in the same fashion, leaning against the banister. Sherlock is grateful for the company when, and however, he has it. There is only so much he can do to spend the time, even with how demanding Rosie’s care is. Mrs. Hudson is a welcome distraction -and another human being to communicate with.
He circles, slowly, until he is in front of John, a few steps away. He kneels, feeling the deep-sea eyes on him, but not trying to meet them. And then they’re both on the floor, opposite each other, and Sherlock feels he has to get to know the man in front of him all over again.
Sherlock harboured this little problem in a world where John ever sought a new woman to date. In a world where he was the freak, the provider of adrenaline, the man that wore a coat as an armour, and held his cold arrogance as a sword. In a world where he was terrified. Because he wasn’t supposed to function, like that, to
Grinding his teeth, he leans back. The surface is slippery, and he loses balance, so that the water rocks him back and forth, legs outstretched, arms hanging from the edges of the tub. Afloat. Until his head washes against the curved edge of the tub and his arms lock and anchor him, and he can stay still. Hot, invading fingers of water weave through his hair, pulling it, dissolving it as it spreads like seaweed around his head.
“Shhh shhhh… hush, little girl.” John breathes over tear-stained cheeks, leaning his head down to her. Creating a protective cave over her. “We’ll be there soon. Promise.”
Oh! That’s efficient. John nods towards Sherlock, reassuring him. The genius returns his full attention to Rosie, taking the spoon in his mouth as she coos, without realising he has stains over his short stubble. John paces to the window and looks outside just to restrain himself from bursting to laughter.
Antarctic Circumpolar Current: ocean current that flows clockwise from west to east around Antarctica. Alternatively called "West Wind Drift", it is the largest ocean current in the world. The current is circumpolar due to the lack of any landmass connecting with Antarctica and this keeps warm ocean waters away from it, enabling that continent to maintain its huge ice sheet.
John swallows. Swallows ice. Cracked edges, sharp glass, moving down his throat. A disease. A virus. Caging him. Expanding, crackling sudden frost. Bars. Jail bars around his lungs. His heart.
his own voice in his head. But he could imagine it being warm, perhaps over a crooked little grin. Sherlock sighed and let it wash over him like a caress. It brought more shivers in its wake.
“Hello you.” Greg sing-songs a little towards Sherlock, shuffling on the sofa. “Finding your good old self, I see.”
“She started babbling again, has been feeding herself -increased appetite-, been playing with new toys, categorising, solving small puzzles, listening to stories and generally books and narrations without falling asleep when she’s not tired, knows when it’s time for her nappy change and started babbling to John specifically about a week ago. She’s not throwing tantrums when she needs attention but she does cry or show her discomfort. Her sleep has stopped being interrupted and her routine does not change almost at all. There was no progress in her dislike of water. She used to love it when she was younger. She’s trying to take care of others, clinging to specific toys and wanting to feed me or John with her spoon, always knows when she’s being called or asked something and her not understanding distresses her. She’s desperate to communicate sometimes and others she settles comfortable with her babbling. She hasn’t said a specific, actual word yet.”
He could not look at John for long each time. If he did, the vision might shatter, and reality around him collapse once again.
Eager eyes take the cover in, the first few pages. It’s a chemistry reference book, and a updated edition. Expensive, new copy… Sherlock’s eyes shoot up to John’s face.
Her humming slows and slows and stops. And John combs and combs until she’s fallen asleep on his abdomen, little hands full with his shirt, her hold loose; trusting. He moves her to the little cot, elephant having never left her lap, and bends down, lips pressing over her clear forehead. He wishes he could write his love for her on a piece of paper only she could see, hidden inside her tiny head, right there at her soft forehead he hopes will never wrinkle with worry, and every time she doubted, every time they would fight, every time he would fail to be a good father, she could look in the mirror and see it and read it again and again until he was back by her side, showing her for real.
They are together in this now, in this struggle to mend. But there is no guarantee what will happen after. Camaraderie and friendly loyalty are hardly a life’s commitment.
They got back when Molly decided Sherlock was in no fit state for more. John couldn’t forget - even in mid-drunkenness - the rebuking looks he got for that. He shrugged it off, rolled his eyes exasperated. It wasn’t his responsibility to notice the ragged breaths and shivers shaking the detective’s body. Or maybe it was, but he wasn’t fit for it. Poor excuse of a man… Letting himself believe he could actually take care of the damage he’s caused. Just a goal for redemption with no follow through. Look what he has become…
Sherlock does not need to see her face to know she will have a button nose, and a pair of the coldest blue eyes.
“And the gym. And the anger management seminars. If that is...” he clears his throat, confidence in his choice being accepted wavering.
Sherlock watches the steam rising from the mass of water, left hand playing silent scales over his thigh.
In such a world, the reality of their previous lives together in 221B is bound to dissipate into a struggle of moments, one after the other, without clear cohesion or purpose… There was no possible future where John could see himself facing his fears. Nor one he could ever forget his nightmares. There was only one, instinctive goal. Avoiding them.
“Actually...” John settles back, swallowing a mouthful of egg and toast, taking a split-second decision he’d been meaning to for days. “I have some news.”
Sherlock’s breath hitches. Imperceptible but the tiled walls catch it and echo it all over. John averts his gaze.
It’s not unlike her to not seek John’s touch, but today... today hurts. John can’t blame her, he’s tense as hell. Toddlers and moods. They are picking them up as quickly as juicy gossip explodes in the media.
Sherlock brings iodine and gauze from the bathroom, sits beside John, and removes the handkerchief from his left hand. It’s sticky with dried blood. He cleans the grazed knuckles and phalanges as best he can with a tea-towel soaked in lukewarm water, dabs iodine on the abrasions, and wraps the entire palm up with gauze. The nails are chipped and bloodied too, so he washes John’s fingers carefully, but there is not much he can do there except apply some iodine to the worst of the scratches.
He feels much better himself and even more so knowing that Sherlock is free to do so too. A tune plays and John turns rigid.
He felt his throat tighten. ‘No, I don’t want pity, if that’s what all this is about, thank you very much’-
John hums, amused, as Sherlock curls his feet up and drums his fingers on his knees, an easy smile settling over his features once more. The golden button is pressed by a judge and Sherlock gets his wish as both contestants stay in.
1. Pertaining to a nutrient-poor body of water; such as, the central zones of the oceans which have very little plankton. (from this lovely website: getwords.com)
It’s affecting her. She could never stomach his reputation and any thought of being under scrutiny by anyone at all, let alone the great Sherlock Holmes. It unnerves her. John sees it in her clammy palms, pressed together over her lap, a nervous tick they both had adopted from their mother at a young age. She knows she’s losing ground. She knows John is not leaving. Never again.
A small note: Ella (in our universe, at least) is certified both as a psychologist and a psychaitrist, specialising in the problems veterans often face coming home: PTSD, addiction, etc.
Sherlock isn’t looking anymore. John’s brow furrows. But then… he sees it. His eyes. Sherlock’s eyes are sparkling. It doesn’t matter that his face is so close to the screen, trying to appear focused. Soft light is making his pale skin glow, sharp shadows accentuating his hollow cheeks and John can fucking see it. The corners of his lips trembling. Muscles tugging up and down. Alternating. Indecisive on where they need to stop as if getting mixed signals from Sherlock’s big brain. All the signs are there for John to find and devour with pleasant surprise, because Sherlock… his Sherlock. Sherlock bloody Holmes, is trying to hide a smile!
Of course, there is still the issue of Sherlock’s physical recovery. His cracked, struggling-to-mend ribs still hurt, even though the bruises have mostly healed. The stitches on his forehead have been absorbed, as they were that convenient kind of stitches, and the hematoma in the white of his eye has faded to a soft pink. His cut lip has only a small scab left over what used to be a wound. He may be on fifteen different pills daily to keep him going until his immune system has established some semblance of control. But even to his health, there is a routine. John knows what to do, how to care, how to help. Nothing unexpected or serious there to make him worry more. Well, bar that incident in the bathroom earlier today. Which was stupid on Sherlock’s part, really. He feels ashamed at the memory, decides to make sure he is never found in such an embarrassing state again.
They wake her with all the love they can carry from their hearts to their touch and it’s rushing through John’s head, how it is collective, how it is both of them doing it, how she coos for both of them, blinks bleary eyes and whines, frustrated when she realises she hasn’t got her promised rest and doesn’t feel better at all.
“I’ll get it”, John has barely reached the landing when Mrs. Hudson’s voice answers to the unexpected visitor.
Naturally, Sherlock had been treated well during his withdrawal period. Mycroft had seen to that. No matter if John resented his decision to let them all manhandle the sleuth for three long weeks, he could not argue that Sherlock had moved back to an empty Baker Street in an as good as expected state. Cracked bones could take a double while to heal due to the strain on his body during withdrawal but John hadn’t expected -and hadn’t realised- that his best friend would force his way through his transport with no care if there was need for immobility.
John looked up. Truly. The iridescent eyes were clouded over too. He frowned. Was that worry? He took the glass with a nod and braced for the bitter impact. It came and he swallowed and it was gone. But the aftertaste was worse. He grimaced, his ears throbbing.
Their eyes meet. John knows Sherlock knows, or perhaps he fears that Sherlock does. He looks away, gritting his teeth. The fridge stops gurgling, and there are no sounds, then, nothing to fill the empty space between them, so that it grows into a void, an airtight bag. There is a kick in Sherlock’s stomach, his blood surging, as if being drawn to the surface of his skin. Adrenaline.
Enjoy! Comments and kudos and everything feeds us! We love you and please pop by on tumblr if you'd like too! ;)
“She’s in a more stable environment as of late.” He glances up, unsure. “She finally can start feeling at home.” Sherlock is owling at him, not saying a word. “I mean... She finally has one. A home. Of a more... permanent nature?”
“We’re so empty it’s spooky. I really preferred the toes in the microwave to… this”, John indicates the barren bookshelves, desk, kitchen. Sherlock’s heart swells. “We can start with this for now, if you want it”, John adds, gesturing to the tome.
The sun that had begun to struggle through the clouds loses the battle and retreats. Sherlock presses the contacts icon, waits as it loads. There is only but a handful of contacts remaining. He chews on the inside of his cheek. Which one?
“Yeah, uh… she is.” John looks over with eyes gleaming wet, his mind racing to what he has to say. What he has to live through again by saying it, admitting it. “Her life has been… upside down, most of the time. She hasn’t lived in any steady, loving environments until… until now…”
John had held him, and buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock finding his lips resting on the top of John’s head, silver hair subtly fragrant and silky-smooth. And he could breathe him in, wool and tea and the cheap-white soap, as if not a day had passed since they first met, since John first moved in with him.
Something cracks inside him. Like lighting cracks. It’s a storm of his own. He grabs John’s free hand, pulls, so that John is startled enough not to resist, and places it onto his hair, onto the lush black curls. His fingers coil, a blanket over John’s hand so that John’s fingers coil too, and he makes them both pull at a handful of his hair.
His knees don’t lock anymore. He’s on the cold hard ground. Only it’s tile. Only it’s their kitchen.
John runs. He runs through flames, he runs through walls falling down behind him, on him, melting. Exploding. He runs while his, their home is burned to the brick and he can’t breathe because the ocean around him is filled with smoke and liquid flames, because he’s drowning and the world is burned to ash around him at the same time.
There is whizzing in his ears, as if he were holding his head under water. And with a snap-the bursting to the surface for air-, the ears pop, and the world rushes in, cold, merciless wind.
Sherlock stands, slowly. He doesn’t like John’s anger, how it crumples him, shattering his features as if they were a reflection on a broken mirror. How he shuts himself in it, as if it were a cage for a beast.
There’s a yawn while John throws some eggs in a saucepan. He side-glances at Sherlock, stretching his shoulders over at the table, leaning for a small good morning kiss to Rosie’s head. She squeals at him, pushing her elephant his direction.
John is stuck with him. Always stuck with him. Only this time… This time he’s stuck with the husk of a man. A pitiful automaton of a man. And he does not even know it.
“I want her…” John hesitates, then they are facing each other, Sherlock’s head tipped a tiny bit forward to aid his view of John, and he feels so close and so accepting and pure that John’s heart starts losing ground. “I want her to love them because of…” He swallows, voice breathy. “Because of this.” He gestures between them, around them.
“Ye-es.” He tries to drawl but a different intonation, due to his bruised ribs being compromised, makes it through the word.
It’s all gone the moment he walks into an alley, avoiding the main street. The memories, the intrusions in his mind, the flashes, the sounds. Stressful day, as Ella would say. Particularly triggering. Should battle through it, face it, not stay home. Not that he’d have a home to stay to, without it being triggering as hell.
He just shrugs but he does feel better. Masking it is one of his defend mechanisms. Afraid the world will see he is starting on a better road and crush him. Because that’s what fate does. That’s what the world is. Unfair. Cruel. Lurking.
Red. Blood. Hints of crimson reflected here and there. Turning the sapphires into rubies. All because of a scarlet pool of blood beside that angled face. Crashed. Down to the pavement.
“I didn’t want her. To be my wife. My daughter’s mother. Nothing” Plagued by nightmares, this isn’t the first time or last that John will go over this conversation in his head and with hushed whispers against his pillow just to take his mind off the terror.
“John! Well, suppose it’s nice to see you too.” Greg says but his eyes crinkle, tentative surprise at the welcoming tease.
“Shit.” He swore, gathering the spoon from the floor and running to the sink, struggling to clean up the cream from the ruined linen.
“I could’ve sworn I had seen it there.” Sherlock presses the power button, surfing through the channels for a while.
“I only wanted to... To make up for this bloody mess”, he continues, before Sherlock can chime in. “To try, anyway. Because what I said -what I told you- I meant it. I care. I want to. I want to care. Like… Remember?” and he smiles more, feels his very heart wanting to pour into his face, his words, his hands. Because why not? Because why couldn’t they have this? Make this real? Naïve and cheesy, yeah, of course, but… “But I....I make a shitshow out of showing it -repeatedly- so I guess there’s no point. It would truly be better if... If I-”
“John, I... I do believe repetitions are both needless and tiresome”, Sherlock sighs. There’s something about the way he says it that hurts.
Then there was Molly. John hadn’t seen her in a month. Since his first week living back in 221B. She wanted to stay clear of the place -of Sherlock- and she had been perfectly clear about it after watching him wasn’t required anymore. John hadn’t had half the mind to object then. Although he should have. Definitely. He should have. But it wouldn’t do any good now… He remembers when she told him about Rosie’s first steps. From her cot to her toys on the carpet. She was careful with the news, respecting his supposed grief, even if it was mere guilt and anger and self-hatred. John hadn’t even taken Rosie in his arms for a well-deserved ‘good job’ that day. Not even a word of affection. Just like his Father had done to him, just like he hated.
Honeybee is not awake yet. Sherlock had discussed with John some days prior and they had agreed that trying to maintain her schedule as much as possible on the day of the appointment could help avoid stressing her out. It had been Sherlock’s tentatively given advice, which John had adopted without question.
He bent to pick her up, and she flung herself to him, little arms and legs seeking to wrap around him, her face and sniffles buried in his neck. He rubbed a palm soothingly over her back. “It’s okay, Rosie… It’s okay… It’s okay…”
They had just finished dinner. John was washing the dishes in the sink, Sherlock gathering Rosie’s toys from the living room. Now he raises his eyes and their gazes lock from across the room.
“Sherlock?” There’s a tone of fear in John’s voice. He doesn’t know what’s happening, but he knew it would happen somehow. He knew.
A small hesitant giggle rings in the air. John enters the living room, hands full with a bundle of his little girl. He sits on his armchair, getting them both comfortable and grins. His eyes shine as if his daughter’s happiness fills the air with sparkles, creating a halo of light around her bouncing sunny curls.
“You have the will to find the balance in your life and mind again, so don’t worry. Rosie will have that balance too, it’s perfectly normal for a family to struggle, but you’re working through it. The last week, despite everything, proves it.”
”, he looks down, heavy with shame, an ocean of pain inside him. He feels cool fingers brush his trembling left hand, and holds back tight. The only raft to keep him from drowning. And then he’s numb. Defeated.
It’s like he is outside himself but he isn’t, he’s there, and this has been there, for so long, maybe all along. But he sees it, clear as day, he names it, and it only takes a moment for it to settle, to be born, reborn. So simple, painless, winter transitioning to spring, night to day.
Sherlock’s fingers brush over the cloth, letting John acclimatize to the touch that is not a touch yet. When there is no reaction he lets his palm lie atop and envelop John’s smaller one and pulls. The skin is warm beneath a layer of chill from the cold London air. Sherlock’s palm is clammy. John does not resist, his fingers frozen-numb letting go, lets Sherlock’s hand guide his. Sherlock lowers their hands to John’s side. Then lets go. He pulls back. John does not move, his other hand still in his hair. The hand Sherlock just freed has curled into a fist but is otherwise quiet.
He tries to contain the joy residing and growing from his chest cavity, making all his limbs tingle in appreciation of such a feeling. If he closes his eyes he can feel seven years younger, can see the incoming text on his phone while he sits on his miserable bedsit, barging in whether convenient or not, changing his life with bright iridescent eyes looking right through him and seeing him all the same. His thumb presses the text clumsily.
“Nah, it’s alright.” He rubs his index on his jumper, settling. “In fact, I probably needed this sooner rather than later.” A nervous chuckle.
“I am so sorry for this morning, flower, I shouldn’t have behaved like I did, please, will you forgive me?”
Honeybee pushes the finished drawing towards him. He peers more closely at it. “I like your choice of secondary hues. They really bring out the baby pink”, he praises.
Sherlock keeps his eyes on John, who is biting onto his lower lip with concentration -and when a little foot escapes him again, he kisses its little toes and pretends to nom on them, which has Honeybee squealing with laughter.
Sherlock follows him through the gates -thankfully there are people in front of him to copy this time, so that he can scan his ticket correctly- and down the escalator. Honeybee is clutching her stuffed elephant tight, and has buried her face in its soft fabric, a feeble whining that threatens to rise into a wail rising from the mush that is the pink toy and her face. John's fingers curl and uncurl spasmodically at his side, on the banister, on the carrier straps. Sherlock feels the black pit in his stomach widen the ugly opening of its maw. It sends his entire body shivers, makes the ground sway under his feet. What did he do? Did he do something? What did he do?
John blinks, bombarded. Ella never had been the talkative kind of therapist. He glances at Sherlock and finds a hesitant smirk over his features -although, it might be directed to Rosie at the moment; she’s unfolding from his tight embrace like a sunflower. ‘Right.’ John is the one to take this on then. Of course. Isn’t he the father? ‘Oh, shit.’
“It’s alright, little flower. Greg is a friend, remember? He puts criminals in jail, just like Sherlock, mm?”
An idiot to keep himself drowning in drops of alcohol. Poor excuse of a man… Selfish. Coward. A wreck. Ruminating. Again and again. His mind stuck on loop. That same loop. Sherlock. Rosie. Sherlock. Rosie. The drink.
At first, he used to fight against it. Used to fear it. He doesn’t, now. He closes his eyes and just waits for it to spread, for the shivers to come, for the hollow feeling to settle in his throat, that of wanting to cry but being entirely unable to. And then it truly starts. The whirlwind that comes and goes, carrying
“Come on. Let’s get to you to bed” John grunts a little as he has just lifted her up and her weight registers on his tired muscles, “-there we go. Say ‘goodnight Sherlock’!”
Rosie pushes her palms against his chest more insistently, annoyed at the tight hold. He lets go, returning back to normal, pressing fingers over his eyes.
His head was aching. He scratched at his hair, grabbed a tuft from his nape and pulled. A child at the teacher’s office with a stomachache, at the edge of a too-tall chair, tears drying and itching on his cheeks, nose blocked with sniffling, please, call mum, please, I want to go home, call her, call her-
He crawls onto his bed numbly and curls up, arms and legs tucked into a ball as small as he can get it.
, again, when he sought John out for their last case. It was Sherlock who thought John was better off without him. That thought
The doctor excused himself, pretending to pay attention to Rosie, thinking they’ll work it out, Sherlock will work it out, maybe John will finally speak, or the other way around so John will finally have to listen.
The elegant thin violinist fingers open, a tad, and a tad more. John carefully shines the light of a tiny flashlight on the wound, holding it between his teeth. There is only one big piece of glass still in there as far as he can see, no other tiny ones shining around. Good. Sturdy glass of water. He removes the flashlight, searches Sherlock’s eyes.
In the kitchen, he switches on the cooker hood light. It’s a comforting, warm orange. He basks in it, for some moments, closing his eyes. Then settles on the kitchen table, looking toward the sitting room. The curtains are drawn, not letting streetlight in, so the outline of the furniture is only barely there, another layer of shadow.
She offers a hand and John takes it, shaking it once, firmly. He has stepped closer to Sherlock by instinct and now Sherlock’s looking at him, waiting for a signal John knows he should give, but doesn’t know what for. Was he being territorial? Not giving Sherlock space to stand? He just wanted to assess the situation first…
Placing importance on him, expectation on him, faith in him, never worked well. And they knew. They all knew.
John is staying with him, after all. Allows him to look after Honeybee (most probably despite being at least that little bit afraid Sherlock could defenestrate her or do something worse). He is helping him with his health, with keeping 221B clean and orderly. He is being kind (remember how he helped you in the bathroom when you were being an idiot?). Shares breakfast and dinner with him (which must be extremely tedious, just think about it). All this despite everything Sherlock has done, despite everything he is. John is not obligated to show interest and offer care. John does so because it makes him feel better. It rejuvenates him, helps him. This arrangement has been created to aid John in recovery, after all (it’s not about Sherlock and said Sherlock should stop acting as if it is already). Sherlock’s role is to accommodate and facilitate this. John and Honeybee are not bound to him. When this arrangement ceases to be convenient (which of course will be soon), another will be sought (And, of course there is no reason for that new arrangement to keep including him)
How can he ask? Demand? To hold, to nurture, to love… How can he kiss this man, touch him, without poisoning him, without his hands not being the hands that broke his body, without his lips not being the lips that snarled abuse?
Sherlock knows he cannot do it. That he is not who he used to be. That the halls and walls and floors and staircases are only ruins, that the skill has evaporated, any brilliance crushed to ash. But it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter. His mind will do it, one last time. It will find a way, it will remember, find the old footholds amidst the darkness.
“It’s okay… It’s not your fault, Rosie. It wasn’t your fault. Shh… Hush, baby. Hush. It’s okay. I am here”
He keeps swimming, broad, firm strokes, his head turning alternately from one side to the other. He sees the inside of his arms; pale, freshly marked with mauve and green and yellow, with thin red lines, darker, black punctures. He feels his hair sticking to his shoulders. He sees his legs, shins thin as sticks, thighs lean with wiry childish muscle. Then his chest, hairless and free from the bullet hole. Oh. Yes, he is certainly sure about where he is.
John applies the tape over the dressing, keeping it as tight as it should be to breath and rebuild the tissue and not bleed from pressure either.
. ‘A toddler comes with such a dizzying array of bottles and spoons and bowls and things, it is ridiculous’.
Sherlock finds more tension oozing out of him, leaving room for more of John’s to flow out of him in the constrained space.
John can’t help but feel he’s not doing enough again. Not being a proper parent, not being there when she needs him. But he needs to keep his worry back. It’s selfish to think more about it when he has to take care of her. He needs to block it out. And he doesn’t want to worry Sherlock more either.
But the door has been closed in numerous occasions by now. Leaving John to stare at it aimlessly for hours. Its meaning never crossing his mind.
Sherlock does, as if a current is going through him. John ponders the fact he sounded more commanding than usual.
The first vowel short but drawled with the absent rhotic, the curl of the tongue that cradled the ‘l’, the second vowel drawn out, tender, before the precision of the stop.
Sherlock looks at his body. His arms are his, but then, not exactly, his legs, his head, his body, the same. He is still him, he is still Sherlock, but compressed, smaller. All the energy that now oozes from him like blood from an open wound is caged inside the confines of this version of his body, thrashing against his muscles and bones and blood vessels, vibrating.
A day late, but a 7k? That's us. So, we hope dear August, a mammoth of a month won't cause us any more delays! Enjoy <3
John had been afraid. Afraid of Sherlock’s insistence to stay with him, to talk to him undisturbed of John’s anger. Afraid he’ll be out of control. Afraid he’ll hurt him. Again. His mind was and still is filled with memories.
John’s steps are slow ad tentative over the creaking wood of the corridor. His ears are tuned in for any developments from the bathroom. There’s shuffling and a quiet grunt and John’s feet accelerate, his hand raising to knock.
“What do you want?” she repeats. ‘Sherlock hates to repeat himself too.’ John shudders in the cold wind, feels it all win him over. The bar a few misty streets away.
At the hall, one can hear the ventilator bursting little gusts of air into the building. Greg stands firm, eyeing John up and down, carefree composure gone. Discarded for a much more serious, calculating stance. John fidgets, one leg to another and back again. Weight distribution. Alleviates tension. After all, one of the last conversations he has had with
He looks at his phone screen, divided. It has to happen at some point. He can’t keep his phone on silent indefinitely. Sherlock might need him. Rosie might need him. Mrs Hudson- The screen lights up. ‘Fuck.’ He answers.
He keeps it light-hearted, soft. No resentment or hate over this one. Not anymore. It’s connected with some relatively good memories now. Memories to do with… who else?
“Oh lord” John laughs into Honeybee’s curls, and she mushes her face against his neck in content reply. “Want to come with me to put her to sleep?”
He’s right. Of course he’s right. Sherlock props his cheek up on a fist and watches as John, now in a crisp white shirt and dark blue jeans (which Sherlock is sure he hasn’t seen before), is squeezing the four halves of the oranges, one after the other, into their hideous juice.
He always checks in. Either she is looking after Rosie or not. She’s a perfect grandma, in her own quirky way. John doesn’t deserve her, but she doesn’t care, and he doesn’t tell her off. Most of all, because both of them know one thing;
“Yeah? Good, good. Okay” John smiles before he dives under the table to fish for Honeybee’s bag. “We did pack her food, didn’t we?”
Sherlock chews on the inside of his lower lip, as John slices the oranges in half and washes them again for good measure. “I can take tablets”
By some stupid trick of evil fate, orange juice is one of the few things that does not upset or offset Sherlock’s stomach, unlike the much-hated pills and tablets, and as such is one of the things John has been insisting on having him drink every morning.
She babbles something that sounds suspiciously like ‘no’ but goes for the first mouthful anyway. She does not make another face or seems to need another taste-lick. She keeps eating slowly, humming as she scooped up little clumps of cream, her eyes going so wide when the spoon approaches her face that she becomes a little owl.
Sherlock’s grip is sure over her torso and she’s clinging onto his shirt the moment he settles her there. Her eyes are closed tight but her breath eases when Sherlocks huge palms engulf her close. John eases down against the cushions as well, baby-carrier forgotten on the floor. He looks and looks and can’t help but let his smile show. There’s a feeling bubbling inside him. A feeling connected to those lines over Sherlock’s elegant nose, the frown of total concentration as he gives Rosie his full attention. His fingers are brushing sun-kissed curls, drawing circles over her little back, soothing her before he unwraps her from her thick tiny jacket. His curls, black as a raven’s feathers, brush over bright ones and make a contrast so fitting, John would swear was family resemblance. He looks and sees the two people he was always meant to love. Most in this world. The two people he would do anything for. The two people he would be better for. He would die for. Live for.
“Hm. Maybe he’s a spy.” John smirks. “Maybe he’s a secret agent sent by the Queen to find which house has the best secret garden, eh?” He whispers tickling Rosie’s ear with his breath, shifting closer to Sherlock on the sidewalk, so he can hear too.
The train comes in, screeching, breaking his line of thought to pieces. Sherlock gulps for air. How long has his head been under anyway? There is a tug on his sleeve and John mouths at him to hurry, and then he's gone, pushing through the people ahead of them. Sherlock beelines after him, feeling more and more hollow. Every elbow and arm and flank that touches him makes him want to shrivel into a raisin, but he keeps his eyes on John, John, John-
him. It does not matter that such endings to silences are temporary. It does not matter that the presence he longs for is not there for
John sits at a chair beside them, fingers flexing, legs stretching, tension oozing out of each and every pore of his body.
“Snoozing since I called you.” Sherlock swallows, looking back at the bundle in his arms with a frown. “She had a sneezing fit that exhausted her not twenty minutes ago. A bit of coughing, but not much. John, are you-”
Sherlock feels raw as he bends to pick her up and nestle her into his arms. “I am proud of you”, he says, out of breath. “I am very proud of you, Honeybee”
“Yes, of course. John, your relationship was going to be a work in progress since the beginning. That’s fatherhood. It’s important that you want to make it better and it is very good that you’ve thought of this already and have been working to achieve it.”
The air around John is crackling. Sherlock leans against the kitchen table, dares it approach. Lets it flow through him and leave him intact. Poison being drawn out.
She whines, not pleased at all. He hums a tune, letting his fingers run over her little torso, which slowly has been losing some of her roundness. Her eyes are open now and she’s nibbling her elephant’s favourite ear. Her eyes are so teasing, taunting him with her secrets. He’s pretty sure she does that look on purpose. She knows exactly why and how and when and she’s perfect at it, because all John wants to do now is get her a thousand pink elephants.
“Great, I- Fajitas?” He interrupts himself. Sherlock’s secretly favourite take-aways, back in the day.
She nods. That’s why it was different. John’s mind strains to process it. That’s why he felt totally lost. Like her. She was actively protesting, putting her foot forward and telling him ‘no’, instead of whining, reluctant or staying utterly and unambiguously silent, closing off.
How can it not be embedded in his DNA? He can’t erase it. He can’t control it. It is there. It is always going to be there. Intergenerational. Passed from father to son, the son to his daughter. How can it not? Nurture. Yes. Still never leaving. Always a part of him. Always controlled by a man that was long gone. No free will. John’s fingers twitch. He aches for a glass. A bottle. To smash it, crash it, drink it. The burn. The fire of alcohol. To forget. Forget he has a child to raise. Forget he doesn’t know how.
John turns on the taps, water at the exact temperature necessary. Sherlock’s eyes shine with a yes of recognition and approval at the same time, and the tub starts to fill. Their little flower’s favourite toys are all around the bathroom, along with the ones inside the water, already starting to get bubbly with a smooth lavender baby shampoo, recommended by Sherlock again, of course. The little flower herself is curled up in Sherlock’s arms, head to the crook of his neck, holding on and whimpering a little in understanding.
“That’s the one thing. That’s on Mondays. I also… enrolled in a seminar. For anger management. Every Thursday at 5, after work. And I renewed a gym membership. It’s close to here. They have a program, for veterans, initially, but they accept some referrals too. It’s to diffuse anger and stress through exercise -or some other fancy wording” He stops to catch his breath. “Point is… This thing will have the chance to be out of me”
They're in. Nowhere to stand. John reaches up to the plastic loops above them, and Sherlock does the same, his hand cold in his sticky, sweaty glove. He keeps his eyes locked on John, but when John looks at him, his eyes retreat hastily to his shoes. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Honeybee is reluctantly peeking out from behind her elephant's floppy ear. The doors close.
John pulls him up, arranging the pillows against the headboard, murmuring. Sherlock’s head leans to his shoulder and he can breathe in his hair for a fleeting moment. John fortifies himself to not lose focus but the smell… The sweet honey and soft bitterness of burning wood… He can’t block that out too. Not when Sherlock is surrendered in his arms like that. Not when the unresponsive muscles remind John of lifeless bodies before the heat leaves them.
“Would you like me to make anything?” John speaks after him, taking a sip of his tea in the process.
John walks away with a chuckle, enjoying the vibrations on his throat that only Sherlock can cause. He’s not accustomed to it; to be giggling to himself like a schoolgirl as he climbs the stairs to check on his little girl.
Back to the void. A black pit inside him, hollow, never filling. Ever again. An armchair remaining untouched. Unoccupied. Indefinitely. Back to screams in his head. Voices telling he’s wrong. He’s a liar. No one is there to hear him. No one to believe him. Only he is left believing. Left hoping for proof of a genius. Of a crushed mind on pavement. John making its brilliance a religion. Because he’s all alone. All done for. And he doesn’t have anything else to believe in. Anything to hang on to. He’s slipping.
. Someone needs to hold her, and the only one available at the moment is himself. Which means… Sherlock could hold Honeybee.
John takes the few steps to his friend again -Rosie’s family- and holds her to him; face crumpled and pleading.
They looked more. Their eyes had shaken off their previous, elaborate dances of chasing each other and yet shying away at the very last moment, of pretending not to notice each other’s movements. Sherlock could now feel John’s gaze on him. When he made tea, when he handed Honeybee her stuffed elephant, when he opened his laptop, when he was eating. At first, he would fight the urge to jolt. He would momentarily stop whatever he was doing, alert to correct anything that had earned him the attention, to protect himself from the chastising that was bound his way. No such thing every happened. John’s gaze blew over him like the caress of a breeze and then drifted away. Sherlock felt almost as if this was part of John checking his surroundings. He imagined him thinking
Enough. As much as it is required, needed. Never more and never less. He can’t remember the last time enough was good enough for him.
It is hardly unfair an accusation. He was a junkie. Multiple times. On these grounds, Harry’s claim at wanting Rosie in her life is just as good as his could ever be. And she is right. He got off on it. On other people’s problems. Other people’s pain. He liked it. The Work. The jolt of adrenaline. That is how he knew he was alive. What a pathetic little man he has been, indeed.
Honeybee pauses but then waves her spoon in Mrs. Hudson’s direction, and she huffs over a smile, as if unable to believe such an honour. “Why, thank you, darling -but I just had breakfast. All yours”
He sighs, slowly, reluctant to part with so much air at once, afraid it will make him light-headed. His exhale catches in his throat, like a half-formed sob was nestled there and latched on the air leaving him. Sherlock fights past it, through it. Until his breaths flock together way too fast, and his back is shaking, and he is gasping, panic bubbling as it rises in his chest.
It takes a little while, but John steps closer. Takes a seat opposite him and reaches for his mug. His left hand is steady.
Words. Echoed. Faded. Revisited a thousand times between lonely nights and a glass filled with Brandy. He didn’t love her. It’s true. He never did, in fact. Maybe at some point, in his darkest of days. When the revolver in his desk would rattle and call him to open the damned drawer. Maybe, then… She might had been a sliver of light pushing through the clouds.
Sherlock feels the boundaries of 221B, its sounds, its colours, the light that tries to reach them, dust particles floating in its rays. There is safety here. There is safety under this roof, where John is his friend, where Honeybee can have a home.
“Final. He… Before that, I don’t think he had understood that I actually do want to care for him in such a way.” A moment passed and John flushed red at his words and the meaning anyone could derive from them. “I hadn’t realised myself he hadn’t got it. Otherwise, I would have made it clear…er.” He added in a haste.
“I’ll get Rosie downstairs and then I got to dash”, John mumbles to himself. Sherlock looks down again, and shame begins to burn in his chest.
Sherlock's heart stops. He whirs his head left, right, feels breaths clog at the base of his throat, turn wet like condensed steam.
“I believe so.” Sherlock shrugs, but he doesn’t seem to mind the fact he doesn’t know for sure. “We’ll have to research that bit, I suppose.”
Sherlock nods again. As if by some sort of secret pact between them, both he and Honeybee wait until her father has gone back downstairs before they look at each other. She is frowning. He can't but smother her in kisses until she smiles in delight. At least he still remembers how to do that.
Sherlock nods and as Rosie keeps reaching, he reaches to press a soft ‘mwah’ at her forehead. She’s precisely at his height right now, on John’s shoulders, while her father himself feels small as his face gets almost mashed into Sherlock’s chest.
“I might not be a choice for the social services” Her voice cracks as she stands up too with sharp, cut-off movements. “But I think we can all agree that I would be better help than a freak who gets off on other people’s problems.” She gathers her coat around her with defiance.
Sherlock has seen him like this before. He has seen the calmer version; date gone wrong, frustrating impossible case, frustrating impossible Sherlock. He has seen the deadly one; at his return, at the talk in the empty houses and its continuation at 221B. But altogether, he can feel that whatever this is, it is nothing exactly like every other time he has seen John Watson being angry.
John almost screeched before starting to giggle. Not only Sherlock remembers one of his favourite shows and knows when it is playing on TV but he tried to tell him while holding a spatula in his mouth. Sherlock’s deep rhythmic ever-increasing laughter soon follows John’s own.
Sherlock heaves a little, then pants, then settles and then he’s motionless. A vein on his temple is pumping, visible in Sherlock’s pale complexion, the rhythm is frantic. Yet, he’s not breathing. He’s looking straight down, burning holes into the carpet. ‘Oh, darling…’ John can see the effort put into containing this. No. No, he just can’t let Sherlock lock it all away again. No. John’s hand raises again, cups Sherlock’s nape of neck, steadying him.
Again, nothing to it. With a deep breath, Sherlock begins to brave his way through the crowd of people streaming in and out of the station to reach the machine, wallet clutched to asphyxiation in the pocket of his coat.
Same family. Same upbringing. Same experiences. How can she think she’s normal when he can’t either. The difference is… She’s using it against him and she doesn’t admit there’s something she needs to fix for herself in the process. She is just taking advantage of him feeling like shit.
“I want you to know that there will be sessions focused purely on her or on you and then your individual relationships with her.”
Any ironic mirth perishes. Sherlock looks down at his bare chest, with the scar at its centre, holds out his arms, sees the bluish-purple marks on the mangled veins, the thin pale scars that lie beneath like swollen latticework. It is oddly quiet, and there is a ringing in his ears. His eyes zoom out of focus, as in his dreams, where he saw himself through his eyes and from far away, too. And still his arms are odd, appendages stuck onto him, and their nerves buzz with stillness, with the fear that he would be unable to move them even if he tried.
Since Honeybee was staying with her father in the upstairs bedroom, something needed to be done for the stairs. It was Hudders that pointed it out.
They reach an empty playground. Sherlock kneels, letting his coat billow behind him, and unstraps Rosie, who lingers close as he stands again to takes off the baby carrier, rolling his numb shoulders to force some circulation back into them. She’s growing heavier day by day.
But he doesn’t listen. It’s not like he has achieved something big. Not even a week sober. So... it’s not technically a relapse. Or is it? He didn’t have much of a problem anyway; not reached the point where his body couldn’t take it. A slight hand tremour doesn’t prove anything.
Mrs. Hudson is right. She’s right. Or she would be. If it wasn’t for one thing. But one, life-changing detail -that is no detail at all; Honeybee.
He knows they are risking it, but in all honesty, he can never deny the man anything. He’s still worried and he’ll come down to make sure Sherlock is well fed and hydrated and cared for and in bed after she’s settled upstairs, but he can’t deny him this.
When he had downed it, shaking his head ‘no’ to the question of whether he could manage more bites, John cleared the table of plates, and Sherlock waited. His eyes took in the emptiness where chaos used to reside, until he could take it no more, and they darted away. Where he was numb with shock and surprise maybe with a sliver of hope too, doubt begun to break through the surface, with its cold, dark hand ready to pluck his heart.
“Thirty-six point six.” He whispers deliriously, as if in prayer, looking at that point of Sherlock’s button-downs that is always open and patting his palms over his shoulders, reassuring. Giving and taking comfort. Equally. As always.
He waits. If John wanted to avoid him he would hear the creak of the second flight of stairs -as John would make his way to Honeybee. And Sherlock wouldn’t care. As long as John was home, he wouldn’t care; it’s been hours, stretching over him, each a dark-feathered crow, a cacophonous addition to the whirlpool his mind has become. At least John will be
Sherlock shakes his head but it’s neither negative nor positive, it’s just a shake, a very nervous one. John’s hand rests over the small of Sherlock’s back without even thinking. He needs to reassure, to see the smile break those sharp characteristics and smooth them out. He doesn’t admit the touch exhilarates him more than ever. He doesn’t admit that he is ready for it. He doesn’t admit he loves how Sherlock almost leans in to it before pulling away. He doesn’t, because if he does, he will have to not hide it anymore. He will have no reason to. But that is not his priority for now. Shouldn’t be.
Pressing a palm to his forehead, John resists the temptation of hitting himself on the head. He’d love to. It would be better. He wants to. So badly. Both palms over his eyes now. It would be so, so easy. But he can’t, can he? He’s not allowed. He’s not
“Come here, sweetheart. There we go. You’ll have your elephant soon enough.” His lips rest on her temple as he lifts her up, gentle always. She stays silent, sighing into his shoulder.
John’s palm squeezed around Sherlock’s. It was smaller, thicker, it couldn’t physically engulf Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock felt that it did so anyway; that it engulfed all of him.
John’s heart clenches with what he sees in them. Wonders if it had always been there, how many layers it was under for him not to have known. Not to have known all along.
. A film stuck on the VCR, rewinding over and over before it reaches the ending, its tapes uncoiling and sticking to the machine like spilled innards. Over and over.
He hates it. Plucking at his hair, John Watson contemplates how much he hates it. Himself. Everything.
John can’t deny that putting Sherlock out of his own loophole of worrying and worrying and worrying had been weighing on him as well. Since yesterday, Sherlock had been calm and for all eyes quite happy, even if shocked sometimes at John’s almost instinctive advances, but John still worried over both of them. Rosie and Sherlock. He needs both of them to be okay in order to function. He really, really needs some good news.
Sherlock puts his laptop away and joins them. “Well… We have just… said some things that needed to be said. And… That is pretty much all”
“No, yeah. Quite right.” John lets him have it, smirking. He can’t deny the man anything. Sherlock’s changed energy quite catching. “Have you made them before?”
He expected a snort, of his fears being dismissed as ridiculous, a flick of a hand or a scowl. None comes.
This time, she does not throw a pouty tantrum for not having spent half the day at home. She whines and extends both hands, little fists clenching and unclenching in the air in her attempt to hold him, to have him hold her. Sherlock takes her in his arms at once and boops her nose in reassurance. She boops back.
. John brushes his fingertips over the small forehead filled with messy, sunny curls and smiles. Sometimes she’s so quiet, it frightens him, making him long for the sleepless nights of her first months. But he knows, she’ll be alright. He’ll make it so. He’ll always be there for her from now on.
Sherlock steps into the tub. The water engulfs his legs, greedy. Whispering. He swallows. It feels like it is challenging him. Taunting him. Why is he afraid of forty centimetres of it, of breath-stealing, treacherous water?
Let's just call ourselves out for a minute. Hereby declare us both guilty of watching that TLD scene we shall not name for science during the creation of this chapter. It's like the a hundredth time maybe? Pfft...
Sherlock was expecting Honeybee to cling to him, afraid of the new space. But when he looks down, she has already begun to explore the playground, timid at first, like a little fawn, and then with increased interest, all baby fox as she peeks from behind colourful obstacles and tries to crawl on the slide. The pressure around his abdomen decreases.
… I used to fill the tub and sink in to my ears. The only world I wanted to concern myself with was that one. The silent one. Underwater. No arguments. No screaming matches. No fake, teary apologies. Just… a void…”
Sherlock looks straight to the far wall, out the window. His shoulders fall. Just that much. John can almost count the dust.
John serves the dinner in the living room, guessing Sherlock wouldn’t want to move at all from his duty -and he was right- and so they eat in silence, counting Rosie’s small even breaths. There is a whizzing sound coming from her nose now and then and John wakes her a couple of times to clean her up a bit. She catches on with his attempts to teach her how to push air out of her nose to clean it when she feels a bit better, at which point they check her temperature again.
He scrolls further down, lingers on Lestrade’s name. It’s the one he never used to hesitate to contact. The one that would always come rushing to his side if there was need. But Sherlock can’t help with a case now, not even a cold one. Why else would Lestrade want to receive a text from him? Sherlock scrolls down again.
Also our sincerest apologies for this poor scene that supposed to be totally falling-in-love land but ended up in pain-land.
Rosie is quiet now but her little face is smudged with tears. When Sherlock lowers her on the baby changer unit, she clings on his dressing gown with significant strength, crumpling the silk in her small fists. John leans in to kiss her cheek, smooth the tears away and he is too close to Sherlock, almost cheek to cheek, moving with speed. Colliding.
He sits up, kicking and pushing the covers away. He has sweated through his white t-shirt; the winter chill turns into needles against his skin. He is breathing as fast as if he’d run for his life -and he feels that in a way, he had.
John kneels in front of the baby park and smiles to his daughter, patting the small elephant’s head. Rosie giggles.
With the envelopes thrown over the table, John strides to the bathroom, which is unsurprisingly occupied. John means to knock a teasing greeting and wish Sherlock a good morning but Rosie’s energetic giggles that have turned to slight whines due to her need for nappy change transfer the news inside the thin door before he can move.
. Because John Watson can’t be trusted. Of course he can’t. Not anymore. Look at him. He hates every bit of it. He doesn’t talk and he knows. He knows everybody else is doing hell of a better job at helping Sherlock’s recovery from Culverton and drug abuse than he does. But that’s the point, isn’t it?
He wasn’t the only one. Sherlock didn’t look at him that day either. But John wouldn’t blame him. He had every right to close off. The oh-so-noble doctor had beaten him to pulp three weeks before. How could anyone be expected to open up after that?
Sherlock carries Honeybee downstairs carefully and gets comfortable on the sofa, so that he can lie down and hold her over his torso.
“Actual-” Sherlock’s baritone starts, his eyes flicking to John, and it kills him… how much fear he can see in that sapphire gaze.
“Will you? Just for a second?” John leans forward. Rosie lets go of his shoulder and leans away too.
He hums and lifts his head from his phone to meet John’s eyes. Honeybee is asleep, and so Sherlock had not been expecting John to return downstairs, tired as he had been from the day at work and from his appointment. But here he was; and there was a weariness in his features that had not been there for the previous days. Or which he had been hiding; Sherlock is not sure.
John holds up the brown leaf, and then leaves it on the saucer of his cup, grin all green and dashing and show-off. Sherlock’s tongue has turned into a leathery stone.
He fishes in his pocket for his phone. There’s little he can do. The option of calling, for one, is beyond consideration. Sherlock doubts John will even pick up. And he would not blame him for it. Last night. Last night was a disaster. He should have just kept his big mouth shut.
“You don’t have to”, John said instead, calmly. He indicated the half-full spoon Sherlock was holding. “It’s alright. Just… If it’s heartburn, I think I have something for it”
“John.” Sherlock scoffs, lounging back, suddenly lively. “I know. But I doubt the issue is developmental. Her processing capabilities are obvious-”
“Oh, hey, morning” He mumbles, self-conscious, trying to shrug it off; fighting his urge to raise a palm and rub at the burning spot under his t-shirt.
She must have been braced for his look of alarm, because it does not move her. “It’s not your fault, Sherlock”, she croons, and helps Rosie scrape a last mouthful of cream from the sides of her bowl with her spoon. “But maybe it’s just time to let him go”
“Oh god, no, don’t encourage her”, John exclaims, his eyebrows shooting up. He looks genuinely horrified, but then his eyes are crinkling.
“You remember… you, coming to find me- well, Mrs Hudson brought you to me but- yeah…” John’s words ring trivial and childish to his ears. He clears his throat, frowning at his calloused fingers.
The movement is numb but steady. John breathes out softly, reassuring. Sherlock’s apple bobs at his throat as if it is too tight. It probably is.
Knowing Sherlock is capable of such a state... Half-dead, unmoving, ignorant of any stimuli... Depressed, as John had denied he was himself when confronted with it in therapy - as he is denying again now...
He has tired of the problem being him, of the fruitless search for what is wrong with him, and of the fear of what the discovery of his uselessness will bring. Today his hands are prickling with the need to write, to measure, to type. Sherlock does not know how or why. He is not the same, he is not capable of grand feats anymore, is he? It would only be pitiful if he tried to deduce. Yet the thirst, the curiosity, are here again, pumping through his veins.
“Your daughter has the most beautiful eyes!”, the waitress coos at Sherlock. Honeybee burrows closer to his chest, weary of the new voice.
There is nothing else he feels at the thought alone but anger. Wild, all-encompassing, black, black anger. Roaring inside him, drowning out every other sound, demanding to be heard.
He felt like an insect, trapped within four walls, aimlessly fluttering from one to the other, smashing against all of them in turn, not giving up until it dropped, exhausted. Dead.
He took a deep breath. As novel as it was to imagine Sherlock asking him about love… He was right. Absolutely right.
He has known since before he jumped. In hindsight, maybe since the start. Though seven years later everything seems to have happened so fast that it’s hard to tell if there was One, precise moment in time when it all began (and he regrets that he does not know that moment, assuming it existed, that he has not immortalised it and protected it from the mundanity of every other dull minute of existence). But when it appeared, his little problem was constantly with him. It was there in the form of thoughts, daydreams. Impulses. In the form of jealousy and anger, longing and wistfulness, bouts of giggly happiness that erupted from nowhere. In the form of trust and pride. In the form of clammy palms and a tingly belly, a wayward brain and a new, brand new, beautiful, meticulously kept and organised wing in his Mind Palace.
He talks of the trees, the park around the corner with the huge playgrounds and waterslides. She starts to smile and turns her little head to watch. Her baby elephant forgotten inside John’s biggest pocket. It’s tentative at first but as he whispers of little dogs and flowers and secret gardens on the back of those houses, right there, Rosie, see?, making up adventures and mysteries on how to find hidden keys and pirate treasure as he goes, she looks over at the black wooden doors, white entrance frames and elegant columns with wide eyes, wondering what they could be hiding.
But there was another unread, unanswered message. And every time Sherlock’s fingers itched, and they kept edging close, only to dismiss the possibility at the very last moment.
There’s some kind of update exchange on “How are you feeling?”, “Okay, thank you.” But John can’t pay much mind. Simultaneous sighs come from each of their corners. John gathers the tea close to his chest, nestling like a chastened child. His body already twitchy to get another shot at the burning liquid.
They walk down the few steps to the street, and Sherlock huddles in the warmth of his coat against the morning chill.
“Sherlock?” he calls, tickling Rosie’s toes as he holds her, on their way to the kitchen. “Joining us for dinner?”
“Well, all the best to you, then!” The waitress says, when she can catch no pair of eyes from neither of them. But she doesn’t sound like she minds. “Happy Valentine’s!”
Sherlock had blinked at the question. He was almost sure that was something John needed to answer, that John was the one who may need to talk about what had happened. Instead he found himself answering with a sincere “Of course”.
books. Sherlock’s. Long gone. The man. The books. He might as well have thrown them in the fireplace. None of it existed anymore. Not for John.
Their relief is palpable in the air, tangible and real. John giggles into Sherlock’s collarbone and it is then he finally feels Sherlock’s arms come around his own torso too. It’s then he gasps -and one could think it was the excitement or the rush but it wasn’t, not at all- when Sherlock’s lips rest imperceptible over his forehead, close to his hairline, making the spot burn as if scorched, making John memorise it while holding Sherlock so so close, closer than ever and in desperate need to just memorise all of it, all of
-it’s Saturday night after all- and stay quiet for a while, trying to catch on. The show has been progressing for a month now. Since the day John moved in, in fact. January 7
He arrives at the clinic in a rush of coat and product-filled hair, his stride wider than necessary the moment stagnant hospital air and antiseptic fill his nostrils. The more he flees, the more his body and mind try to recreate the familiar image of his companion and friend at his side. Mannerisms, style, body language. It’s all in him. Like it was before, when he wasn’t fleeing from said companion, but from his fake death. This time around, he notices. He halts every movement and every word with a frown, takes a breath and starts again.
He groans, curses under his breath. Brings both palms to his face and squeezes until his vision has swimming black dots inside, tiny tadpoles in the blurriness that fills his eyes.
Sherlock, pretending his gaze was absorbed by his phone, could not help but smile at her, and she had cooed excitedly. John had muttered under his breath, and it reached Sherlock’s ears like the undercurrent of an angry, brewing storm wind jostling the leaves on the tree branches. The hairs at the back of his neck had stood on end, and his eyes darted nervously between John’s shoulder blades and the screen of his phone, the ‘Goodmorning. -JW’ message lifelessly staring back at him.
“I don’t want to do this, Harry” John says. His voice is soft; as welcoming to underestimate as a trap.
How can it mean anything at all, when John decidedly declared, time and time again, to everyone, that he wasn’t gay, that they were not a couple, that Sherlock was the one that had to go…
John’s home. Why is he home? No. Not home. He’s just back. Back from the shift. Right. Must be six already. Sherlock’s been drifting in his horizontal state for hours, but John can’t see that. He pushes up, palms on the duvet, lips pursing, supressing a grunt. His back is stiff, makes his ribs stretch, pulled steel ropes lodged into his flesh. Inconvenient.
“It’s quite alright.” John watches him, catches Sherlock’s fidgeting fingers with his gaze, arm crossed in front of his chest as his other -outstretched as it was, pushing buttons on the remote- rested its elbow on the bony wrist.
There’s a stunned little silence. The calm before a storm. A deep breath, leaving Sherlock’s parted lips. John is about to turn around. Turn around and leave. Run upstairs and hide in his pillow. Because this isn’t a yes. It can’t be. It’s near impossible to be. Yet, Sherlock turns his way again, tall and proud and a little unsure of himself but there, willing.
Be someone Sherlock might actually deserve at some point even when the possibilities are non-existent.
How can she think he ever believed that shite? After years and years of her proving she’s normal to her own self? In parades and rallies and campaigns. How can she think that little of herself? How can she think her own brother thinks there is something wrong with her? After he helped her every chance he got? Every time she let him?
“Morning!” John ruffles Rosie’s curls and she blinks, eyes owllike at him, any sound she was about to emit, crushed into her little throat.
“Yes. Fine. Um, she hasn’t started to talk.” He nods after finishing the sentence, as if saluting his words, steeled with determination once more, looking straight ahead.
The want. The need. John presses his palms inside his eye sockets with a grunt. In the silence of 221B a man could hope. A man could despair. A man could love. He wasn’t that man. He wasn’t the man Sherlock thought him to be. He told him so. But that was the point, wasn’t it? That’s what one should get when pursuing… a
She doesn’t respond for a second or two and then she headbutts him with her forehead, a small round cooing sounding escaping her full with breakfast mouth before she swallows. John takes a breath as he straightens up, hands behind his back, glancing over at a very attentive Sherlock making their own breakfast.
Sherlock flinches (John does not see). He straightens his back a little more and focuses his attention on the shorter man, waiting.
A moment passes. Then another. John doesn’t move. He has laid himself bare, fully accepted his wrongdoings, owning them. He is left on Sherlock’s hands. Entirely. Surrendered even when strong.
John’s lips part in concentration, a breathed whisper on his lips -it could be ‘there’, or ‘hey’. A content tranquillity in his deep-sea eyes. Because he’s home.
There is a need growing in his lungs, forbidden in its urgency, in how it makes his heart kick. He wants to talk to someone.
case of a bigoted coward I will ever know, Johnny. Honestly. That’s what you are. And that’s the worst there is. Not one for losing your beard, are you? You can’t even have the decency to make a choice”
He knows Sherlock has a big brain. An unlimited intelligence. An extraordinary way of thinking. He knows maybe he’d have to shift back into all of it someday, when they’re all better and ready for it. He wonders if Rosie… if John himself, if both of them would be enough to keep Sherlock safe, keep him occupied, keep his content with life. He can’t help but do so… although he doesn’t mind -actually, he loves- if Sherlock went full back to crime-solving puzzles. Doubt still nags at him however. What would be enough? What would be safe? Would this ever work?
John’s fingers work deftly. One last pull and his shoulders are free from the weight of the carrier and his daughter. He pulls her out, gentle and slow, not caring if the carrier will fall on his feet, not caring about the world anymore. She pushes against his chest, expecting him to pull her in for a hug, which she doesn’t want. She needs space. A safe space.
He can never do or be enough. Can never be who he wants to be. It’s forfeit. His ‘destiny’. It has been snatched away for most of his life. Forbidden. Hidden. Never to surface.
John huffs, presses (brushes) his mouth on Sherlock’s shoulder, resembling the kiss he cannot reach to give on his cheek.
Now it means only pain. Pain. John gulps for air, pleading it wasn’t audible. He shifts, on the verge of falling to the floor, feeling scorched. He hopes... he had hoped Sherlock would see his concern as care... John knew only too little ways to show him and he was terribly late to start anyway, but-
John brings the bedtable above Sherlock’s thighs and steadies the tray on it. Sherlock looks at it; or seems to. He’s not too far gone. He mustn’t be. John serves the tea and pushes warm toast on a plate in front of his friend. Thin, long, elegant fingers grab a butter knife. The gesture familiar, always done by him. Never someone else. Sherlock’s wrist trembles weakly. His fingers try to adjust.
Sherlock places his feet against the floor of the tub, and his knees poke above the surface of the water. A sack of flesh and bones and ruins… There is no knowing what tonight’s ordeal caused further. Except if…
Save John Watson. He hadn’t saved him, had he? DVD or not, John had returned to his rescue. But Sherlock was not a man for whom anyone would want to fight. The last ten days had proved that. The weeks spent in hospital had proved that. John had saved him because… Because he was John. But Sherlock could not save him because he was Sherlock.
He remembers what happened in the morning. What seemed like an attempt to reach out. Of course it wasn’t. What a ridiculous thought, for something out of the blue…. It could be a test.  The last straw. How could he not have seen this before? Sherlock scoffs.
It’s a good day for optimism. Not much potential to be crushed down, but John finds he wouldn’t care anyway. John
It’s pleasant. Sitting everyday together. Homely. Spreading warmth through John’s chest. He would never give this up for the world. He wishes everyday is exactly like this. He knows it will be soon. They’ll work on it. They are working on it. He believes in it.
John stops, palms over his knees, head bent between them, wrist aching, heart clenching. He would die. He would die if Sherlock left again. Left or…
“We could feed them, maybe?”, John tries to say calmly, but his words are punctured by his uneven breathing. It sounds like a peace offering. But he is still a step away, eyes also following the squirrel as it searches the ground, and then finding what it was after, hopping onto its tree and disappearing amidst the branches.
Then he realizes that having no Oyster Card means he must pay for a ticket, which means he realizes that he has to use the machines, and that the machines are over there, which is definitely too far away, away from the safety of John's solid body.
He presses the red button with force, widening his stride. He was there for her whenever he could, whenever she let him, but now that she is ‘all-better’ herself, she can’t even let him choose how he needs her to help.
“You know we are just two people?” Sherlock takes a hesitant step inside the room, elegant fingers blushing over a barstool chair.
The glass that is placed in front of Sherlock stares back with extreme audacity. There is no way he wants to drink this, no, absolutely not. But when he looks up, there is a warm smile waiting for him, radiant and golden.
“John, I…” The words were there, like a script. Memorised. Perfected. A script which had begun to itch, to feel too tight, alien, like a tattered second skin.
"Coming?", he hears from behind him, and at once turns around. John is half the street away from him, Honeybee's eyes wide as saucers. Sherlock swallows. John's body is shaking, he can feel it despite the distance.
“Ah” Sherlock takes a breath with the confident air of a man who obviously has the upper hand and has purposefully forgotten to acknowledge his surroundings. Reminding himself now of his manners, he offers his greetings to an -of course- eager audience. “Lovely to be meeting you at last, Harriet.”
John fights the urge to squeal. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t know. There’s only one thing he wants to scream out loud and he has to fight it.
It all boils down to a very simple fact; there is a stronger fix he needs. A stronger drug. But it’s the one he is no allowed to have, one for which years of half-measures and substitutes have done nothing. He might as well admit defeat;
“And then Dad was angry and not just drunk, so it was the same thing all over again”. John’s lips twitch in a bitter, rotting green grimace.
John leads the way, manoeuvring through the small wooden tables, and waiters, and queue of people waiting to pay at the till. He spots a table beside the window at the very edge of the small converted log cabin that is the café. It is overlooking the busiest part of the park; plenty of people and dogs and strollers in sight to keep Rosie interested.
Sherlock sighs, digs his palms into his eye sockets and squeezes until his vision is blurry and black-rimmed. He glances towards the couch, where John’s body lies, contorted into an ‘s’ shape, eyebrows knitted together, lips pursed.
A whole morning with Sherlock then. It’s the best he can do not the smirk and rub his palms together in delight. They’ve spent almost all weekend together and John still hasn’t had his fill. As always. He never will.
Sherlock, who had not been expecting an answer, raises his head. John is wiping a small streak of mash from Honeybee’s cheek with her green cloth napkin, his gaze averted but not guarded. “It was quiet, for a while”, he adds. He is keeping his left hand on his lap, where Sherlock can’t see it. Sherlock’s keeps tapping idly.
It’s firm. Just there. Thrown into the air from tentative lips. John takes a breath, stops his manic scrubbing, fingers coiling and uncoiling over the brush. He lets it go, tilting his head to glance at his friend.
The familiar voice inside his head, now that he has had the melody of John’s real vowels and consonants into his every day, has taken new volume and substance. It has adjusted little inconsistencies, turned warmer and even more realistic, bursting with color.
John laughs, the clearwater stream laugh, high-pitched and carefree. “Yeah. Yeah, that would be something. Maybe two spares?”
John can’t take this. He can’t and he knows it and he doesn’t have a choice. But he knows he’ll snap if he can’t have one moment to himself. He knows his mind will be run over so much that he might lose it and let her fall down and he can’t bare it, not even the slightest possibility of it. Of hurting her. He’s overwhelmed. He needs a break.
Selfish and a coward. A hypocrite that the beaten-up detective had tried so humanely to soothe, to comfort. Because John was considered his friend. Still. After everything. Or whatever.
He remembers the park, the appointment, the way John’s face was filled with horror when Sherlock had not followed him after they had gotten off the tube and out onto the street. How John had wrapped his own scarf around his neck, asking ‘okay?’ more times than Sherlock can count.
No. They are looking back now and John wants to turn away. But no. Invisible hands make him stand there. Above the fallen figure and look. Look. Truly look. He struggles to fight them off and his breaths are ragged but he can’t move. Not pavement. Not a roof. Just a morgue. Just a floor.
She giggles -‘Again!’- and he gets her up his chest, stands and throws her in the air. Oh, how such simple joys of fatherhood he has rarely let himself feel before. In fact, he isn’t quite sure he has done anything like this with her. It has surely been ages since she last acted so carefree with him. Like the child she was. Not afraid.
Yet once there, with a palm on the doorknob, he pauses. Runs a hand through his hair to brush it away from his forehead and eyes, straightens his white shirt, makes sure it's tucked in his black dress trousers meticulously. Sets his jaw, tips his chin up just so. With shoulders squared, Sherlock opens the door.
As he walks the last few blocks to Ella’s office briskly, the image of Sherlock’s encouraging smile is pressed onto his mind, keeping everything else banished. For now. He grits his teeth when he wastes energy walking up the stairs to his therapist’s floor. He wonders how she’ll take it. Not that she is supposed to take it somehow, she’s there to listen and probe him after all.
Sherlock’s palms are clammy. Cold. “I…” The air above him clamps down his shoulders. The ceiling, the floor, the sky above, it all has him pinned in place…
When John comes down with Honeybee, she is fed and washed, and in her blue onesie. When John is at work, Sherlock keeps her company and reads to her and tries to entertain her insatiable curiosity as best he can. But he can’t hold her for long, cannot take care of her entirely on his own.
A pause. Sherlock doesn’t correct him, doesn’t interrupt, just waits, and John is all the more grateful again. Because this is what he has been building up to. What he needs to do, to make sure Sherlock doesn’t believe all that, doesn’t believe he deserved it.
Sherlock’s nose scrunches up. “No. I haven’t seen Mycroft in more than a month”, he dismisses. His brother had done enough by clearing Baker Street of almost all his possessions and sneering at him on the drive home from the hospital after he was cleared from rehab. It’s an understatement to say he has not missed his presence.
Sherlock doesn’t want John to let her in. Doesn’t want this illusion of togetherness, of domesticity, to end here, to be poisoned by all the words that wait on her tongue this time.
