"Mum, you see I've saved a lot of money. You can quit one of your jobs, so I can see you more often."
"I'm out. You let him near me. I'm already under a car at 35.3 degrees and 25.7 meters away from your right back ".
"Tony, I love you." Steve whispered.
"Well, shave it off."
Steve was attracted by Tony most of the time. His combat effectiveness was significantly reduced. Without armor protection, relying only on the repulsors emitted by the gauntlets, Tony was a living target. Fortunately, he is flexible.
"Dani! "Cried Peter. "Dani..."
Tony's words were drowned in Steve's kiss.
After an uncalculated time...
"It's just some conjecture, there is no reasonable explanation and sufficient evidence for these anomalies. So, I want you to let me go. I need time to find out. And you Avengers have been too busy lately to care about these little things."
To be continued......
"Black Widow, we're actually..." said Tony.
Whip lights, sparks, and streaks of black smoke were all around.
"I have a feeling, like it's not over yet, like there's something missing." Tony was lost in thought.
"Call me Tony."
At this answer, deep disappointment welled up on his face, and tears welled up in his eyes.
Thor came up behind Hawkeye, patted him on the shoulder and laughed.
The words of Libra echoed in the empty cavern.
“And now I don't need to do it. You're thinking of me all the time. Arguing only wastes our time doing other things."
"I guess I've learned my lesson... And the most important question is, when I go back in my time, will I still be 20 years old? I don't want to go back and look like a Beard-Uncle."
When Tony's kiss aroused Steve's desire, Steve habitually reached out and hugged him, trying to roll him over and caress him. But Tony put Steve's hands to the sides of his head.
"You've basically destroyed the key emotional connections to the old world that he had from his early memories."
"Is it right for me to meddle in if I'm not?"
"I thought we were in this together."
"I know, but what do you think about my age with a suitcase around the campus, more likely to cause raised eyebrows. I don't want to be seen as a strange Uncle."
Ten minutes later, Steve dried Tony's face with a towel.
"The black dimensional circle in New York; the ocean tidal fluctuations caused by the subtle changes in the force field between the moon and the earth; The magnetic field chaos in the Grand Canyon...These unusual natural phenomena have been popping up intermittently around the world recently, many of them are very inconspicuous, difficult to detect."
Steve sat on the doorstep drawing a picture. A yellow leaf fell onto his board and covered the forehead of the person in the picture. He stared at the grain of the leaf for a long time, and then added it to the painting. The green shady road, floating into a withered yellow leaf, the whole picture was infected with the summer was over, autumn would be sad, the picture also became bleak up.
"Do you still want to get two horses, take two guns, play a Western like Stagecoach".
As everyone watched, Vision flew toward Onslaught. He pierced through the shield, but as he was halfway through, the density of the shield changed. The Vision's body was cut in half. Half of his body was thrown out.
"Aha-ha, Captain America! Looks like you're the only Avenger on the stage today. I thought there were lots of Avengers."
"So... I screwed up, didn't I? Ha, Tony Stark screwed up again, as expected." Tony sank into depression.
"That means, how long the two of us are going to take care of this little brat depends on how soon the headless heroes inside find their way back. That's so annoying."
"Yes. I didn't expect to meet the Avengers here. You know, after what he’s done..."
"It's a little difficult."
"You are the one whose life is shattered. You are the one who hides yourself. You buried your true self under all those fine words you said to your students, and now it's out."
"Tony, a lie isn't caught doesn't mean it's not a lie..." Steve was going to start teaching.
"Tony! What are you doing here?" Steve yelled, switching to the team channel immediately.
"Spymaster is a piece of cake for you. I don't need to be armed. And there really isn't much energy left in the armor. I'd like to save some for flying back. Let's not discuss these details." This is Tony's usual way of evading the question.
"How do you know?"
If it was up to him, he would always give someone a second chance. Tony thought of Steve.
"What's the good news?”
Avengers Mansion, late at night.
Kris handed Tony another umbrella Seth was holding. Tony opened it over himself and Peter.
"Yes, people like you are scum, should be extinct."
"Then I'm going to disappoint you. I've given up drinking". Said Tony coolly.
"Tony... Are you going to leave?"
"Cap, you have been standing at the window for a long time. We are waiting for you." Wanda said.
Holding the ice cream in one hand, Tony licked the brown coils in circles, smoothing out, then rolled up the tip of the ice cream with his tongue tip. He took Steve's hand without ice cream.
"Besides, when he said there's a 100 percent chance of confirmation, the odds were about 80 percent or less." Steve recalled the scene at that time, and laughed again.
"Forget Steve's caveman lessons, Quinjet pilot drill and operations manual, I think that's what every Avenger needs. Plus, we can save a lot of money by reducing the incidence of malfunctioning." Tony said.
Steve's father had already left. Steve didn't notice when he was leaving. He wasn't listening, he wasn't scared.
"I have an alert here! Don't run, kids!"
"How dare you... You not only beg me, but... Ahem......"
Tony suppressed the rush of thought, concentrated on the task at hand. Everyone was counting on him. If things go wrong, he can be a real sinner of breaking up lovers. So he had to shout one more time.
A dark-haired man sat in an armchair held up by a robotic arm in midair. Surrounding him were several monitoring screens. His hair was messy, his beard was sloppy, his blue eyes bloodshot and his gray baseball shirt smeared with oil. He propped his head on one hand and held up a gold mask in the other. He stared at the mask, muttered to himself.
Is that why he quit drinking? Fall in this man was indeed more drunk than any wine.
The data lined up in a way he had never thought of before. Oh, it can be like this. Looks like I'm not that talented. Tony thought sadly. But he soon concentrated, rewriting the formula and coding in new permutations. Tony had entered the new formula and code into the mainframe just before midnight, and now he just had to wait for the result of the calculation.
"What is your explanation for why Iron Man is not on the list of the UN Special Peace-keeping Group of Seven or on the reserve list that you have announced?"
"Shouldn't you be lying naked in bed, with a ribbon tied up, waiting for me to open it? And put a rose or something at the entrance where you invited me in, uh?" Tony looked at his gift up and down with eager eyes.
"This is... Iron Man, I'm an Avenger. I'm here to help you. Please don't panic. The heavy rain and earthquake have caused mudslides. It is very dangerous to stay at the bottom of the valley. Please evacuate to the following position..."
"I understand... I also once woke up alone in this future world. Everything was strange to me at that time. Most of my teammates had become names on the tombstone. I was filled with resentment. If it wasn’t for him... It might be me who fell; it might be me who is lying in the grave today."
I have an S+ contact? I even didn't know that. It seems that I still need to tweak this new system. Tony plays the message.
1. Divulge the details, let the opponent take precautions in advance;
“That's an order!”
"When I'm too old to run, you're still flying around in the sky, I'll put on the armor you built for me, to trace you, to pursue you, to grab you, so that you'll never, ever escape."
Chapter 30
"Thor and Hercules were over there, gods and demigods, plenty of fire. I'll just play with you on the third line." Steve joked. "Maybe they lost touch because of Hulk. Don't take any chances, Tony."
"Hawkeye to HQ, Quinjet out of control, my coordinate is... Tasha, Tasha... Mayday..."
"It's hard to forget."
"It's beyond repair."
To Billy. You have a very devoted father. You should be proud of him. -Captain America.
"Cause you're over the ‘sniveling little boy’ now."
"What did I say?"Hawkeye whispered to Tasha. Tasha ignored him.
Avengers Mansion, New York.
"Tasha, do you understand the risk?"
"I'm not. I've only recently dyed my hair brown to look like Pete Parker, the Spiderman you know."
The look made Tony’s body hot.
"Tony! On this matter..."
Captain spoke with a serious face, who dared not to listen. They both shut up, and started to save people. As they walked out of the secret base carrying the last of the wounded, the caves collapsed behind them. Iron Man was not outside.
"That is not at all what we think, young man, and you know it!" Dad retorted. "Papa and I are only trying to keep you safe, and—"
After washing his hands and smoothing out his hair as best as he could, Peter followed the sound of overlapping voices into the dining room, where Mrs Stacy was just setting down the last of the serving dishes.
"I love you, little guy," he said. "Oh, and Auntie Nat asked us to tell you hi from her."
And judging by the way Steve's jaw was sharp enough to cut through vibranium, he had realised the exact same thing.
"No!" Peter exclaimed, apparently with far too much enthusiasm when Gwen's eyes went wide and she took a step back. "I mean, no, of course I don't mind. That'd be—that'd be nice."
"Okay, guys, I think we're all set out here," Bruce suddenly said over the intercom. "Peter, we can start whenever you're ready."
"Excellent choices, gentlemen. If you'll excuse me, I'll be right back with your drinks," said the waiter as he took the menus from their hands, giving a slight bow as he stepped away. As soon as he was out of sight Steve reached across the table for Tony's hand, running his thumb along the wedding ring that he'd placed on his finger two years ago.
"I see," he said warily. "I was just doing some research, Colonel. Nothing more than that."
what the hell? I've only been talking to you for like the last ten minutes and you've barely even acknowledged my existence," Ned said, popping the chip into his mouth. "It's like you're always in space or something lately, what's going on?"
Rage flooded Steve's body so intensely at the sight of that horrible, despicable man leering over his son that he literally saw red. His belly gave a violent swoop as he gritted his teeth, trying to hold himself together as Peter let out a frightened squeak next to him, squeezing his hand so hard that Steve's knuckles popped.
Tony moaned as Steve suddenly sat back on his heels, sliding Tony's pants and underwear off and tossing them onto the floor. He bit his bottom lip as Steve's eyes swept across him again, like he was trying to memorise him, and the thought of it made Tony shiver.
"But we can't be sure about that, can we?" Steve asked. "Tony? Maybe we should—"
and she had definitely held herself to it. If anything, she was even harder and more demanding with him than she was with the rest of the team, almost as though she was trying to overcompensate, and Peter really didn't like it all that much.
"You—you're Dr Strange!" Steve blurted out, pointing at the tall, dark-haired man who for some reason was wearing a long maroon cape that, aside from the collar, looked a lot like Thor's.
It was almost too much for Tony to wrap his mind around, but he sure didn't mind trying.
"As am I, Captain," said Thor. "I have already left Loki and Valkyrie alone for far longer than I am comfortable."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mmm, well, that wouldn't be too horrible, would it?" Steve murmured. "Didn't you tell me once that you like it when I carry you?" He pressed his fingertips into Tony's scalp again, pulling an even louder moan from Tony's throat.
Brock is proof that Steve can no longer trust his ability to read people.  Steve was so enchanted by Brock’s bad-boy good looks and his smooth-talking charm that he quickly became blind to all of his flaws, unable to see just how awful Brock was until his sick Ma had to scream it at him over the phone one night.
"You too."
Tony was quiet as he stared down at the drawing, his chin quivering as he traced his fingertip across Peter's round cheek.
"Tony—"
"Already on it, sir," JARVIS replied. Tony barely had a chance to get his helmet back in place and tuck Steve close before the suit took off towards the main building, with Tony clinging so tightly to Steve's slippery body that he could already see bruises forming beneath his pale skin.
Breaking the thick lock on the heavy metal doors took only one hard swing of the shield, and then they were inside, walking down a set of stone steps into what appeared to be a research lab, not too unlike other HYDRA labs they'd encountered. Long counters were lined with computer stations and scattered bits of paper, some still with blinking cursors, and towards the back of the square-shaped room were two sets of double doors, one on each side.
"Gentlemen, I have Director Fury on the line," said JARVIS.
Sharon smiled. "You're welcome."
“Uh huh.  See ya tomorrow!” Peter called as the door closed behind him.  Then he shoved another huge chip into his mouth, licking his lips.  “Mr Reeves comes in here almost every day, and today he even brought me these chips!”
“Except you didn't this time,” Obie continued.  “And now we’ve got an entire assembly line that’s reconfigured, and—”
"Nah, a sandwich won't fill you up, and I've been trying to get Tony to eat something all damn day too," Uncle James said as he got to his feet. "So why don't we go make some real food and see if we can lure your dad out of his lab for a few minutes. Okay?"
Thanos? Who the hell are you guys?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony let out a frustrated noise.  “Oh…”
“Pete, is he doing okay?” Dad asked.  “Vitals are good?  JARVIS?  Is the connection okay?”
honey, you feel so fucking good!"
“I—I know!” Papa said on a gasp.  “I just—I just—!”
"All right,
concerned, as it wasn’t like the rifles had been misplaced or something.
”There,” Steve whispers as they break apart.  “Now, go see your boy.  I’ll be right behind you.”
regarding the fact that you have been seen in the company of Anthony Stark on numerous occasions since the initiation of the X-302 program, outside of what they would consider to be normal program hours." He clasped his hands together, letting out such an obviously fake chuckle that Steve's blood almost started to boil.
"With all due respect, Your Highness, I disagree," Steve rasped, groaning as he hoisted himself up. "Thor—?"
"Oh, shit!" Clint exclaimed as not even three seconds later the man literally melted away, leaving nothing behind but a patch of shiny, wet grass and the stupid blanket. Steve made a sound, somewhere between a croak and a gasp that never made it past his throat as Tony jerked free of Steve's hold and punched the spot where the man's head had been, his shoulders shaking with pent-up anger.
Steve grinned then, a wide, toothy grin showing all of his perfect white teeth, and Tony literally felt his heart skip a beat.
"Copy that."
“Hey, now!” Clint pipes up from his desk in the third corner of their triangular-shaped area.  He pokes his head around his dividing wall, scowling in Natasha’s direction.  “That was not my fault, and you know it!”
"Yeah, I guess," Peter muttered. "But… still…"
"You're welcome, Peter," Steve said as he patted Peter's back, kissing his cheek before he released him. "So, how's it been going in here?"
"No, JARVIS, I'm—I'm fine," Steve whispered. "Thank you."
"Um…" Peter stammered as he stood back up, handing the laptop to Gwen. "You almost dropped your computer."
But it’s too late to say something now.  Isn't it?
however, mean that Tony was at all used to it. Quite the contrary, in fact.
get to decide which divisions to close and which to keep open,” Tony stated.  “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got work to do.”
"Oh yeah," Peter said. "My dad always says that I'm a really good judge of people. Well… except for my grandpa, I guess. But… I haven't told him that you've been coming to visit me 'cause I didn't wanna upset him. He already feels so bad that he can't get here more often, so—"
"Sam, keep going!"
"It's okay, Steve," Sam said gently. "We can work with this."
And, because of that small delay, Tony now had no doubt that Peter knew something extraordinary had happened.
Peter gulped, remembering the hopeful look on Gwen's face when she told him about the dance. "Um… the school is gonna hold a kind of a prom for the underclassmen, it's the night before the regular prom, the first Friday in June, and I was—Gwen and I, we were hoping that—that we could go. So, you think we could go?"
"This is so awesome, Uncle Bucky, I'm so happy for you!"
"Yes," Steve said, unable to keep the smile from forming. "I saw him, sweetheart. I saw Peter, and he was—he was—"
"A bit," said Uncle James. "Hey, Captain Rogers. You all right?"
“Maybe not to you,” he whispered.  “But to me…”
The climax I have planned for this fic is based on a specific swimming race, one that will be revealed at the story’s conclusion.  However, I would love to hear any and all guesses you guys come up with in the meantime if you’re interested 💗
“You promise you're going straight there?” Peter asked as Tony shifted the car into Park.
"Oh Jesus, Pete, I'm sorry," Dad said as he raised his head, his eyes scanning Peter up and down before holding out his arms. "You cold?"
he thought, because thinking was a tiny bit less painful than speaking, at least for the moment. His head was pounding, and all four of his limbs felt like they had been filled with wet sand, heavy and useless.
"Peter?" Gwen said from her place at the podium, snapping her fingers to break Peter out of his trance-like stare. "You still with us?"
"Bullshit," grumbled Tony. "If that was the case, then why would the leadership insist on just sitting around on their above-mentioned collective asses when all it would take to fix Pete's heart is one simple goddamn phone call!"
"I would love to."
"Yeah, that sounds about right." Pursing his lips, Steve swung his legs over the side of the bed and got to his feet, reaching for the headboard when he wobbled slightly. He pulled his t-shirt over his head and headed out the door, padding down the hallway towards Peter's bedroom. JARVIS had told him that Peter was okay and Steve trusted him, but… he always preferred seeing Peter for himself.
With a nod, Steve flipped them so Tony was on top, straddling his hips as his lips trailed across Steve's pecs, pausing to flick his tongue across both of Steve's nipples as he slid his hand down his sternum to his rock-hard abs.
"It'll be over soon," Steve whispered. "I promise, it'll all be over soon."
“Understood, Captain,” says Thor.  “And I will make sure Banner gets the message as well, once he is no longer big, green, and ugly.”
There was a three heartbeat or so pause while JARVIS processed Steve's words.
"Nothing else is gonna happen, so get that out of your head right now," Tony said sternly as he patted the bed next to him. "Just… c'mere, okay? There's no way you could sleep with your skin all raw and blistered to hell anyway."
"Yep. Just don't tell your dads I said so, okay?"
"Tony," Steve whispered, barely even able to speak. "You—you're just so—
Peter Edwin Stark. The child Tony had never known that he'd needed until he had him, and now the child that Tony would do anything,
The man laughed again, an almost cartoon-like cackle that raised all of the hair on Tony's neck, causing a shiver to race down his spine and Steve to look down at him in alarm.
And then, well… his occasional twenty-minute catnaps on the counter seemed to be working just fine for him lately, so…
A bolt of pain shot across Tony's fingers, and he flinched, slowly flexing open his clenched fist as his wedding ring caught a beam of the dim sunlight reflecting off of Titan's surface.
“How many more—it doesn't matter how many more!” snapped Obie.  “What matters is whether we’re ready to go when they need ‘em!  And we can’t do that if you’ve completely reconfigured the assembly line so you can build toys!”
"Uhh." Tony's heart was thudding as he quickly gathered up all of his Project Phoenix papers and shoved them into a drawer, slamming it closed. Then he looked down at his lap, just now realising that he was still dressed in the same clothes he'd worn for the past two days.
Like it had only been a dream or something. Or more appropriately, a nightmare.
They had also held a press conference the day before, attended only by journalists hand-picked by Pepper, where Steve laid out his entire story in what Peter called PG-13 detail, starting with his arrest following he and Tony's anniversary dinner and ending when he was finally released from the Atlanta hospital to come home. Images that Tony recorded from his HUD along with several documents that Bruce had been able to capture from the prison's computer systems were also released to a few selected news stations, further corroborating the growing pile of evidence against not only many of the men and women holding high positions in the government and other agencies, but also various news outlets.
“Oh.”  Steve ducked his head, inhaling the slightly coconutty scent of his beloved boyfriend as he tried to push those awful memories back into their appropriate file.
"I'm just not sure how well she's gonna take it. I mean, he's a Stark for one thing, and you know how she feels about Howard Stark. And she's always wanted grandchildren, so…"
And don't even get him started on e-readers.
And, like Tony, he didn't particularly enjoy talking about them.
"Jesus, Pete, be careful!" Tony admonished, grimacing as Peter shoved at least half of the doughnut into his mouth. "You're gonna choke!"
"Yes, sir."
And since drug companies, or at least their CEO's, tended to donate heavily to political campaigns, it didn't take a genius to follow the logic there.
Unfortunately, it only took about fifteen minutes or so for most of the plates to empty. Steve's enhanced metabolism notwithstanding, hungry pilots never took very long to eat.
"Even if they wanted to I doubt that they could fire it again," said Tony. "Something like that would require a ton of energy, which they wouldn't be able to generate again so soon."
"What do you mean this was one of them?" cried Tony. "What the hell do you want?"
Tony realised he should’ve known that the so-called “honeymoon period” he’d been in with Steve couldn't last forever.  That was just common sense, even to someone with his track record for relationships.  But there was no way in hell he would’ve ever predicted things would come crashing down as epically as they did.
that I'm not going to allow you or Peter to become slaves to the government, or whatever else they're planning on doing with this!" Papa protested as he got to his feet, taking Dad by the elbow. "Tony, I can't do it, you know that I can't!"
To Mr Jarvis, Tony had apparently been someone worthy of more than just the usual 'your welcome'.
“Exploding bullets?” Peter said under his breath as he tapped to the next page, his eyes going even wider.  “What the
"Sir, I absolutely cannot wait any longer! Do I have permission to fire?"
"So, how're you feeling?" Steve asked as he pulled the chair over to Peter's bed. It really was the most uncomfortable thing that he'd ever sat in, and a small part of him wondered if that was the case in all of the childrens' rooms or if it was just yet another way to discriminate against Peter's family.
"Good. Don't need you passing out on us after all that."
Thanks to all of that, it was all Tony could do to remember his own name as he introduced himself, and hope against hope that his rough mechanic’s hand didn't gross Steve out when he shook it.  From what he could tell, Steve seemed a little nervous at first, but didn’t seem too weirded out by either Tony or Peter.  If anything, it seemed like Steve had kind of a sad air to him at first, like he was being weighed down by something, an air that seemed to dissipate some over the course of Peter’s tryout to the point where when Steve told them he would see them tomorrow, he seemed to be genuinely looking forward to it.
And while it was still a bit unnerving to Steve to have two aliens—actually three, if he counted Thor's friend Rocket, the raccoon-like creature who for some reason insisted that he wasn't a raccoon—staying with them at the Compound, he was so grateful to them for convincing Tony to try and repair their ship that Steve gladly pushed all of his unease aside.
"Didn't you guys hear me?" Gwen's youngest brother demanded, a deep frown on his face. "Mom's got dinner ready!"
The mood was subdued the next morning, the team speaking in soft whispers as they ate breakfast before suiting up and strapping the compass devices to their wrists. Stepping into the training dome, the team formed a circle as Tony completed a final check of JARVIS's interface with the tunnel controls. He had also linked JARVIS's program to the compass devices, which would hopefully allow the UI to pull someone out of the tunnel if their device somehow became damaged en route to the battle.
"So… is it okay to ask how things went up at the Compound today?" Peter tentatively asked.
"Oh, really?" Dad said. "And who might that be?"
I do have more stories in the works.  I am currently working on a Reylo story that I am extremely excited about as it will involve another one of my very favourite fandoms, as well as a sweet Superfamily one-shot and plotting out my next Superfamily multi-chapter 😊
"Congratulations, Captain Rogers," Phillips said. "You and Captain Danvers have literally transformed this planet. You should be very proud."
wished he could resume his Spider-Man patrols, well, Peter could understand why Ned thought he was being especially uptight lately. Spider-Man had been an outlet for Peter, something that allowed him to use his crazy enhancements to do some good for people, and as much as he enjoyed Academic Decathlon and building Legos and playing chess and his ballet lessons with Auntie Nat, they just weren't the same.
“Don't let that asshole get to you, okay, Steve?” Bucky says as he tugs his swim cap down over his chin-length hair.  “Just get out there and show him how it’s done.”
"Go ahead and cancel Beck's computer codes too, J," said Tony. "And I also want a compiled file of every project he's had his nose in for the entire time he's been with Stark Industries."
"Aren't I always?" said Sam. "Let's go!"
"Mr Howard Stark was a former scientist here at the Air Corps, which I learned from my mother as a child," Steve began. "I also know that he was arrested for treason shortly following the Battle of the Continents, put on trial, and eventually acquitted."
"—then again, it's you, and you never flirt," Bucky said, as if he hadn't even heard Steve. "And boy could I tell, 'cause
"Tony?" came Steve's voice over the comm. It was so weak that it was barely audible, but still one of the sweetest things that Tony had ever heard in his life. "Tony, what's going on? Everything just kinda lit up a few seconds ago, and—"
The line that he hopes will lead him directly to a gold medal.
And then, it all went to shit.
Steve huffed, trying to swallow the last of his sandwich past his bone-dry throat. He wasn't shaking anymore, at least, but his ears were still roaring from rushing blood and he suddenly felt too exhausted to even stand. Thankfully Bucky took the hint, guiding him to a corner table inside the near-empty mess hall.
"And why should I do that?" Dad demanded. "It all fits! Trying to poison you with the peppermint—"
"Okay, okay, but what the hell is this many-worlds thing?" Scott asked, looking almost frightened. "'Cause that sounds more like something out of
Peter thinks, his legs bouncing impatiently.
He'd have to speak to Tony about that, sometime when the time was right.
Steve's smile grew wider as he squeezed Tony's hand. "I love you too, sweetheart. And I can't wait to see Peter."
Tony's heart lurched painfully. Of course his own kid would be the one to put it like that.
"Ah… I believe you humans would call them, gems?" said Thor. "Special stones that carry influence over those who would wield them?"
Gathering up his coffee cup and tablet, Tony exited the room, nearly knocking directly into Pepper as she came around the corner.
"That's what we're trying to tell you guys," Clint said with a sigh. "JARVIS was able to amplify and adjust his speech so we could understand him, but Sam told us to keep him contained until we could talk to you, so we did."
He felt Steve's smile against his temple. Steve always loved hearing stories about Peter's childhood, and would often ask Tony for them on particularly bad nights.
And just like that, Peter proved once again that he was the best kid in the entire universe.
The nurse let out a sigh as she glanced down at his tiny son, not even the length of Tony's forearm. "
"I wish—I wish I could agree with you, Nat, but I just can't," Steve murmured. He dropped his head, blinking more fat tears from his eyes. "I just can't take the chance that we'd lose again. I've… I've already lost enough."
"I drew him that way so I could see him that way," he said softly. "And he will be a normal kid again, Tony, I promise you. As soon as all this is over."
Maybe it had something to do with Peter’s mother?
"Strange, I'm telling you, we need to get going now!" Tony said, still holding Peter to his chest like he was afraid he might break. "You know Thanos is heading to Earth, he's probably already there! And Steve and the rest of the team need our help!"
Tony tilted his head, eyeing him fondly. "You really are a mother hen, you know that? Were you like this in the Army too?"
Steve thought, giving his head a quick shake. "Great idea, Nat," he said. "And if the two of you find anything, be sure to contact Tony and Bruce right away. They'll know how best to contain it."
Which, based on their exceptional grades in school and their performances during the training sessions, they were well on their way to doing just that.
"Okay, let me ask you this one time," said Dr Strange, his golden shield thingy held firmly in his right hand, which was shaking slightly. "What master do you serve?"
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony said, giving him that quirky smirk that Steve already adored.  “Goodnight, Steve.”
"Babe, come and get ready for bed, yeah? You've gotta be tired," Tony said as he emerged from their master bathroom to find Steve slumped in the armchair in the corner, his elbows resting on his knees and his chin in his hand, with his worry wrinkle etched so deeply between his eyes that it looked like it could've bitten Tony on the nose if he got too close.
“Um…” Peter added, doing a double-take as he checked the readings on the monitor.  “Ah, yep!  Everything looks good here!”
"Copy that," said Sam as he whooshed overhead, his dual guns firing at the creature's head. Unfortunately the bullets seemed to have no effect, appearing to pass directly through the creature as it swung its arm towards Sam, showering him with a cloud of freezing water.
“Copy that.”  Thor’s arm tightens around Tony as they both begin to inch back up, with Steve keeping his hand on Tony for as long as he possibly can.
"I know," Steve answered, sniffing as a large bead of water rolled down the bridge of his nose. He quickly brushed it away, turning Tony back around while still keeping his palm over Tony's heart, his free hand tracing the chain holding his dog tags before moving down to splay across Tony's abdomen, his lips brushing along Tony's jaw and neck.
"Okay, so then where exactly is Thor?" Tony asked. "'Cause shouldn't he be here too?"
"Yeah, but we don't need to be bringing that up now, do we, kiddo?" Uncle James said. He brushed his palms across Dad's shoulders, giving him an approving look. "You're looking pretty good here, Tony. I hate to say it, but I think you'll do."
"Night, bud," Tony whispered as he smoothed Peter's hair off his forehead. "See ya in the morning."
Tony managed to shower, shave—without nicking himself too, for a change—and dress at near-lightning speed, and as he finished combing his hair into place he stepped back, eyeing his reflection with a critical eye.
And even besides all of that, having Steve standing there next to him while he laid out all of the evidence that he, Rhodey, and Peter had so painstakingly gathered would no doubt give Tony the courage he needed to actually see it through.
"Programmed?" asked Natasha. "Steve, maybe he means like the Winter Soldier? This might've been a mission for him."
"Oh no," Steve groaned as he grabbed his shampoo and soap out of his locker. "You really think Phillips has it figured out too?"
"Yeah, buddy, I'm here," Tony said, gently stroking his cheek. "Everything's okay, Pete. You're safe now."
"Oops," she said. "Guess I should go. See you tomorrow?"
Tony shot her what he liked to call a
"It's okay, sweetheart, I've got you," Steve whispered. His own heart was already thudding at the all-too-familiar sights, the memories that he had of that fateful walk into a room very similar to this one slamming to the forefront of his mind. The circular control panel covered with innumerable switches and knobs, the serum infusion device already prepped with the clear blue liquid, and the missile-casing-like capsule for the radiation burst that was apparently the key to making the whole thing work.
“Okay, so…”  Peter paused again as he tapped some more commands into his keyboard.  “Can you find me any news articles that talk about that explosion?  I’m sure it wasn't reported on by our media, but maybe something local?”
"I am unsure, Master Peter. Perhaps it would be best to ask Sergeant Barnes that question yourself?"
, I’d still be—”
He was cut off by his husband's fingers curling around his arm. "Tony, this isn't getting us anywhere," Steve said. He sucked in a deep breath, turning to Fury. "What exactly does this mean, Director?"
"And their lights won't have turned off because the tesseract is powerful enough to run both Langara and Meridia for… well… we don't actually know how long, but estimates put it into the centuries," added Tony.
Steve's heart gave a lurch at the tentativeness in his voice, like he was actually afraid that Steve was going to tell him that he'd hated it. Securing his shield to his back, he took hold of Tony's elbows, drawing him close.
"Nah, I'm good. Thanks though."
Nor did he ever let Tony forget it, the cheeky bastard.
"Uh huh. Love you too, Papa."
Tony’s beautiful eyes were glassy as he studied Steve’s face, finally nodding.  “Okay, honey.”
Which actually wasn't even much of a lie. Thanks to his spider DNA, in large enough quantities peppermint could even kill him.
"But neither of you have said that out loud?"
"My home," Tony repeated. He drew in a shaky breath, squeezing his eyes closed. It would no longer be a home without Peter there, and even if they did end up making it back, what if Steve wasn't there? What if he was nothing more than a mess of ashes, scattered across the Wakandan plain?
“Whoa!” he breathed as he set down the
Or when it felt like he'd been electrocuted every single time he locked eyes with him.
"Mmm, yeah. Hot cocoa sounds awesome."
He was just so
Tony let out a soft growl, gritting his teeth as he stepped back again. Rhodey was right; the last thing they needed now was to start fighting before they had any semblance of a plan in place.
Gwen smiled, sending a burst of warmth across Peter's chest. If he could only figure out some way to bottle his girl's radiant smile, he'd never have to worry about being cold ever again.
"Eh, I'm not worried about them," said Grandpa. "What're they gonna do, arrest me?"
"Yep," Peter said as he did the same, making a mental note to grab both his glasses and the extra hoodie from his locker before heading to class. He hadn't slept all that great the previous night, with both he and Papa winding up in the kitchen at around three in the morning raiding the refrigerator. Papa had made Peter a cup of hot chocolate but thankfully didn't press him to talk too much, likely because neither one of them seemed to be in the mood for too much talking.
"Yes, he told me, and that's really nice of you," Gwen said. "He enjoys the work he's doing, and it's good for him to stay busy. He's—he's always better when he can stay busy. It helps keep his mind off of things that he can't change."
Still, watching as Steve and Peter tossed a frisbee back and forth on the beach or splashed around in the sea brought back a lot of memories of their early days at the Malibu house, when Tony was still reeling from their experience in Afghanistan and obsessed with hunting down the people responsible for it.
He and Sam got to their feet, with Sam clapping him carefully on the shoulder. "I'm not gonna tell you that everything's just gonna be okay, 'cause I can tell you for sure that it's not. This is something that's been with you for a long time, and it might take just as long to work through all of it. But as long as you're willing to make the effort, then we can eventually get it to a point where it's not completely dictating your life. All right?"
"That's a good theory honey, but I don't see how it would be possible," said Tony. "This thing seems pretty attached to the water."
"I've just gotta see him," Tony whispered. "Got to see him for myself, and—"
"Stop!" Dr Strange suddenly shouted, holding up his shaking right hand. He stepped over to Thanos, his expression a mixture of defeat and determination as pieces of the moon Thanos had literally just pulled from the sky continued to crash to the ground. Peter was barely still conscious, his fingers curled tightly around Thanos' wrist.
"Yeah, just about," answered Peter. "Can I get some pictures first, though?"
The custom-made box was the last gift his ma ever gave him, several months after she was diagnosed with the cancer that eventually killed her, and is easily one of Steve’s most cherished possessions.  Steve can remember the day she gave it to him like it was yesterday, the way she beamed with pride when she told him she had commissioned it from her wood-carver friend the morning after Steve won his individual medal.
"Eh, it was okay, and yes, I did," Steve said, trying and failing to not immediately conjure an image of Anthony Stark in his mind. "But I'd rather not talk about my work, if that's okay with you."
Frowning, Steve turned on his heels and closed the door, his heart thudding madly. He couldn't imagine why Phillips could be upset with him. It's not like he'd done anything illegal.
"Peppermint!" he gasped. "I'm—I'm allergic, can you—can you—?"
Steve breathed in, pressing Tony even closer to him. "I just want you to love me," he whispered. "I want to grow old with you, and I want us to watch Peter graduate, and go to college, and get married together. That's all I want, sweetheart."
"Good idea."
when Tony pulled one of his all-nighters, and the last thing Tony needed to see at the moment was the deep-seated disappointment in his son’s doe-brown eyes that he’d allowed Obie to bully him into submission yet again.
"But…
that. But as much as it sucks, we've known for awhile now that HYDRA's known about Pete since way back in Afghanistan."
“Yes,” answers Lorraine.  “Those were his exact words.”
"Oh, yeah?" Ned said. "That must've been weird."
Papa shot him a rather rueful smile. "Well, I'm hoping Wakanda won't be as stressful for him as New Asgard has been. And we'll all be down there together, which should help too."
"C'mon, sweetheart," he murmured. "It's time to go."
"I'd say this has been a pretty hectic day, don't you think?" Steve said. "I'm really looking forward to taking you and Peter home."
Tony had confessed to Steve not too long ago that he was only the second person that Tony had ever bottomed with, with the first time being such an unpleasant experience that he swore he would never do it again. And yet, even in the days leading up to their first time Tony instinctively knew that despite Steve's obvious strength and their differences in size, that he could trust him. That Tony could trust Steve to take care of him.
He felt Steve grin against his skin. "Pretty sure I wasn't," he said. "In fact, I'm almost positive that you know exactly what I said."
Steve smiled, showing off the dimple that never failed to make Tony's heart skip a beat or three.
"I knew it," she said softly. "I just knew something was up. You've been acting off all night tonight, so I just—"
Tony watched as the three men exchanged loaded glances, his belly swooping in fear as he locked eyes with Rhodey, whose face was drawn and ashen.
Too bad he never took his own advice.
Tony's frown deepened into one that might've splattered Steve all over the bedroom floor if he hadn't looked so obviously ill.
"Goddamnit, Pete, what the hell are you doing here?" Dad shrieked as the alien growled, his clawed hand curling around Peter's body and sending him flying across the street into a fountain. "You're supposed to be back at the Tower!"
Even though he could hear that Dad was out there in the battle, and hear the
A thought suddenly crashed into Peter's head like an out-of-control aircraft, causing him to gasp so hard that he started coughing again.
"What? Peter, no!" Uncle Bucky exclaimed. "It is absolutely
The hologram flickered as it became overlaid with a similar schematic in red, displaying what appeared to be a fully-functional component.
"Well, hopefully we won't have to do that again anytime soon, okay, little guy?" Steve said.
Tony whispered as Steve broke away from his mouth to trail kisses down his jaw to his neck, sucking gently on his pulse point. "Honey, you're—I need—"
"I don't believe that he was trying to interfere with police business, sir," Peter said quietly. "I believe he was only trying to help."
"Oh, you think so?" Grandma said, looking at him over the top of her glasses. "And what if I wanted to sit in here while you ate, hmm? What would you say to that?"
But he wasn't about to say all that to Steve. Steve already had enough to worry about, as evidenced by the tight line of his jaw and the sorry state of his beautiful blue eyes.
And then, if that wasn't enough, Dad had informed Peter during their last conversation that in the years since the Battle of the Continents, there actually hadn't even been a real Meridian government at all. There had only been a sort of puppet organisation working for General O'Brien, in order to give each country's citizens the illusion of an opposing force.
Stacking his laptops and m&ms on his bedside table, Peter shuffled into the bathroom, finding Dad already in position when he came back out. He crawled underneath his covers, burrowing down as Dad pulled them up to his neck and brushed his hair off his forehead.
"Mmm," Peter grumbled as he ran a hand through his hair.
"Hello, Captain Rogers," Gwen said as they reached the doors.
"Of course, sir," Rogers said quickly. "Sorry, sir."
"Um… I'd say about half? Maybe three-quarters?" Bucky finally admitted. "But I did mean it, Stevie, I promise. I just wanna see you happy. That whole I'm-never-gonna-fall-in-love thing just doesn't suit you. You're just too… good to not be shared with someone."
"Yes, I see," Thor murmured. "Well, then it would appear that Loki's bag of tricks has truly run out."
Another three minutes ticked by until JARVIS spoke up, "Pardon me, sir. Mr Beck wishes to apologise for his tardiness, and would like to inform you that he is running late and will arrive in the conference room within the next ten minutes."
are the most important thing to me in the entire world, and—and I just can’t—I’ve gotta be absolutely sure about what happens next, okay?  You're just gonna have to trust me on this!”
"What the hell's the matter with you this morning?" Ned asked as they arrived in the classroom. "You're so jumpy you're acting like you've never been to school before!"
"I'm on it, Captain," Carol replied as she aimed directly for the top of the ship, barrelling through it three times like it was made of nothing but clay. The guns instantly ceased their firing, drooping back against the hull of the ship like a bunch of thick, wet noodles as the whole thing tilted sideways, finally crashing against the distant Wakandan mountains.
"Yeah. And in the meantime, I want you to get some sleep, okay? Getting some rest should help keep your breathing more steady too."
At least Uncle Thor hadn't been with them. The one time Peter and Papa had tried to take him to the grocery store on a Saturday had almost caused a riot in the meat department, so ever since then Uncle Thor had relied mainly on delivery for his food supply, with the occasional dinner or three with them in the penthouse.
"I hope so."
“I think you're the bee’s knees too,” Tony says.  “Now, shut up.  ‘M trying to sleep.”
"Okay, so that's all fine and dandy," said Rocket. "But what happens if someone dies after everyone shows up? Does that mean they're really dead this time? Like, no take-backs?"
Betty looked over at Ned like he'd just sneezed on her or something. "Um… yeah. Why?"
"You're what I deserve, mo grá," Steve murmured as his fingers wrapped around Tony's cock, stroking him as another spike of heat raced across Tony's body. Whenever they fucked like this, Steve always made it a personal mission to ensure that Tony came as close to him as possible.
🐰 = it’s so fluffy!
"Oh God, Pete, be careful!" Dad yelled as the wizard passed underneath the spinning, circular ship. Peter quickly shot another web, managed to latch it onto his back just as a wide, bright blue beam shot down from the ship, pulling the unconscious wizard up towards it.
"Very good, sir. Please stand by."
"Something's entered the atmosphere," she said grimly. "I'm reading multiple incoming projectiles."
"Oh yeah? How soon?" Peter asked.
"Yeah, he was," said Phillips. "I take it Steve hasn't told you about it?"
"No, I don't," Steve said, again without thinking. Because if he was completely honest with himself, now that they both were fully awake, Steve knew there was no way he'd be able to get back to sleep with the current state of his mind. It had been an easy summer up at the Compound, mainly at Steve's insistence after the incident at the bunker and Tony and Peter's prolonged hospital stays, and the three of them had enjoyed it to its fullest extent. Lazy mornings spent in their kitchen over breakfast, plenty of fishing and waterskiing at the lake, pickup football games with the rest of the team between training sessions, and bonfires at night where they roasted marshmallows and told ghost stories. Or in Clint's case, zombie stories.
"See ya later, Peter."
"Oohh," Steve groaned as he stroked them together, the slick slide of Tony's cock against his sending sharp bursts of pleasure rocketing up his spine. "Tony, it feels so incredible, I'm not—I'm not gonna last long!"
"Tony, Peter begged me to tell you about him as soon as possible, and I promised him that I would," Steve said. "I was going to tell you tonight, actually. I was going to offer to drive us both up there so we could visit him together."
Tony's lips twitched, his eyebrows knitted together into a worried frown as he cupped Steve's cheeks in his hands.
At least Dad had made him a couple of new undershirts with the same kind of built-in heating system that his suit had so he had been able to stay a bit warmer during the day, but he still liked having the extra hoodie available anyway since it was still really freaking cold outside, and Gwen had pointed out his chattering teeth more than once.
"That really sucks that your dad cancelled your birthday party," Ned lamented, his round face filling the screen of Peter's tablet. "Why do you guys always have to have these security breaches when something important's supposed to happen? My parents were really looking forward to coming up to the Compound again!"
"Aww, man, I actually know that!" Peter hissed as poor Cindy's eyes went wide and she gulped. "Papa's a huge baseball fan, and he's always telling us stuff like this whenever we go to a game. Dad just listens politely 'cause he doesn't really care all that much, but it's really cool if you think about it. The fastball is pretty self-explanatory, just designed to get there as quickly as possible, so the batter actually has to decide that he's gonna swing almost before the ball even leaves the pitcher's hand, but the curveball—"
"And again, Pym doesn't get a choice in the matter," Tony said. "I'm sure he's got plenty more of 'em at that house of his."
Dad stopped him with a kiss to his forehead. "Sure, bud. I can sit with you until you're asleep."
"Yes," Tony said after a short pause, only slightly wobbly. "You can proceed."
"Yeah," Tony whispered, the memories of those precarious first few hours with his new baby boy hitting him like a repulsor blast. "Yeah, that's right. I was—I was such a fuck-up back then, and he—he completely changed my life. And now—now—"
And now it was time to test it once more.
"The only kicker is that we'd need to use up almost the entire supply of vibranium in order to build the casing system," Peter said. "Which would mean—"
As soon as the words left Image Papa’s mouth, Papa let out a sharp cry, one so full of anguish and relief and every other emotion he’d tried so hard to keep bottled up for so long that Peter’s heart swelled at least three times its size.
that Thanos snapped away. Not their precious son.
Intellectually Steve knew that Anthony Stark wasn't personally responsible for the death of his father since Anthony had only been a small child at the time of the Battle of the Continents. But Steve had heard enough stories from his ma about Howard Stark's infamous trial for treason following the battle—and about how he'd pretty much pissed his life away afterwards—to believe that he would be perfectly fine with never associating with either of them.
“Obie?  What’s this got to do with Obie?” Dad demanded.  “Pete, Obie hates Hammer Industries!  He would never—”
Shouldering his backpack, Peter hurried out of his room to find Dad and Uncle Bruce already waiting inside the elevator, with Uncle Bruce balancing his usual stack of rumpled papers and books while talking on the phone with Dr Cho. He and Dr Cho were co-writing a scientific paper describing the unique genetic mutations present in Peter, Pietro, and Wanda's DNA, and Peter knew Uncle Bruce was eager to get it finished so they could publish it. It was their thought that by acknowledging the presence of their DNA mutations that perhaps other people with similar mutations would come forward, opening doors to possible research into how and why these mutations were taking place. According to Wanda and Pietro, their father had been a so-called mutant as well, with the ability to manipulate metal, such that the HYDRA officials had been forced to imprison him in a cell made only out of plastic and fibreglass.
“Yeah, you could’ve,” Peter said into Papa’s chest.  “Dad and I just made it easier for you.”
Tony huffed, mentally kicking himself for not remembering. "Ah, yeah, if she—if she doesn't mind. And tell her thanks for me, will ya?"
Tony’s stomach was churning so violently as he helped Peter out of the car that he was surprised he hadn’t yet puked his guts out all over the floor of the garage.  He had managed to push most of what had happened out of his mind as he comforted Peter through his nearly three-hour stay in the Emergency Room, but now that they were almost home it was all rushing back with a vengeance.
"At ease, Captain!" Colonel Phillips snapped. He huffed out a sharp breath, glaring in Howard's direction. "Now, you should know that there is no way I would've been on board with any of this if I didn't think that Howard could provide exactly what we needed, so if you can't seem to find it in yourselves to take his word that the serum will be fine, then take mine instead. Is that understood?"
"Well, I'd say we definitely got their attention!" Sam said as he came to a stop next to Tony.
“Of course,” replied Pepper.  Resting his elbows on his desk, Tony listened for the familiar
He wanted to stay in their little happy, relatively stress-free bubble just a bit longer.
"Well, well, well," he said as he got to work repairing the gaping hole in front of him, quickly becoming engrossed in the familiar—and soothing—hissing sound of the blowtorch. For as long as Tony could remember, he had always channeled his anger and grief into either alcohol, sex, or work. And since there was no alcohol on the ship—or at least none that he saw—and sex was obviously out of the question, then work would have to do.
"Good God, you're just so fucking
"So, I was thinking," Steve said once their entrees had arrived, the finest steak and lobster that New York City had to offer.
"I'm ready, honey," Tony insisted as Steve added a third finger, delighting in the shiver that raced down Tony's spine as he curled his fingers just right. "Fuck, Steve, I mean it!"
“Pete?” Dad called again.  “You still alive in there?”
"Sir, yes sir!" replied the six pilots, all in perfect unison.
"I agree," said Steve. "But Tony's right, it's really the only way to stop it. Otherwise this could just go on forever."
😭 = I got you right in the feels
"No, it's really not," Tony shot back. "How many times have you had your shield bounce away from you during a fight, hmm? It even happened again while you were in Africa, Steve, I heard it! Well, with this kind of suit, something like that were to happen, you'd be able to form a new shield that'd be almost as strong as your actual one, giving you that much more protection." He let out a frustrated growl, raking his hand through his hair. "Honey, I just don't think I can handle listening to you getting shot at anymore. I just—I can't do it. I've almost lost you too many times. You and Pete both, and I just can't do that again."
Bucky cut him off with one of his
"Uh huh," Peter said, wincing slightly as Grandma fixed a slight wrinkle in the knot. "Sounds good."
"You are most welcome, sir."
decided to invade?—I am going to go in there and rescue Steve!”
A pharmaceutical printer certainly couldn't be as complicated to figure out as a missile, right?  And if he could get it up and running, then—
Tony shakes his head, his hand vibrating between Steve’s.  “No,” he says.  “You—you’re—I’m not the one you're—I always thought that you we’re—that you—”
"Let's do this."
Peter grinned, covering Gwen's small hand with his own. "Well, I'm pretty sure no evil wizard's ever tried to kill me. In fact, I've never even met a wizard. At least, not that I know of."
"Hey, kiddo," she said once Peter poked his head inside, trying not to wrinkle his nose at the almost overwhelming scent of citrus that filled the room from the scented vaporising thingy over in the far corner. Peter usually loved oranges and tangerines and would often eat half a bag of them at a time if given the chance, but for some reason whatever Pepper was pumping into the air in there didn't smell quite right. Too perfume-y.
"I'm fine, Sam," Steve answered. "You know I don't mind—"
And the fact that they were holding the vote at four in the morning only added more fuel to Steve's suspicions.
Steve gave a nod, closing his hand over Tony's as they manoeuvred their way towards the exit. Tony's mind was swirling as they hurried back to the Stark Industries building, berating himself over and over for not seeing it sooner.
But first, he had to get to the bunker.
"Um… you—you didn't ask my permission!" protested Quill. "I didn't say you could use my ship!"
But Tony didn't really want to think about that at the moment.  Not when his own heart felt like it had been carved out of his chest with a soup spoon.
"Thanks, Papa," Peter said, his eyes going wide as they took Papa in. Dad had told Peter so many times how hot he thought Papa looked in his uniform, and Peter did have to admit that Papa was very handsome in it.
Steve's shoulders sagged, and Tony felt a sharp pang of remorse as worry spiked in his blue eyes, worry that seemed to have taken up permanent residence ever since their battle against the certifiably looney-tunes combination of Obadiah Stane and Aldrich Killian down in their Miami bunker. Tony wasn't sure if it'd been more difficult for Steve to have to watch as both he and Peter fought for their lives after that battle, or for he and Peter to have been in the dark about Steve's whereabouts for an entire month after his capture by HYDRA, but he did know without a doubt that both instances absolutely sucked, and that he had absolutely no desire to ever go through anything like that ever again.
"What tunnel?" Peter cut in. "What're you guys talking about?"
"Mmm. Don't know what he's so worried about," said Bucky with a rather sly grin. "I always behave."
Steve's heart lurched so painfully that he almost cried out. "Yeah, little guy, I'm home," he said as he took Peter's other hand. "You brought me home."
"I sure do, little guy," answered Steve. "And he says he's feeling a bit better too, thanks to all of your help."
Having someone with him did help, but only a little, and by morning when there still wasn't any new news and still no one who would answer his questions, Peter's patience had finally reached its breaking point.
"Colonel!" Steve choked out past the massive knot in his throat. "Colonel, I—"
"Oh, you don't hmm?" Dad retorted. "Well, then it's a good thing I'm not asking you to think."
not going to do anything about it," Tony answered. "What
“What?” Peter cut in, a bit more frantic now.  “Dad, what's wrong?  Has something happened to Papa?”
Closing out the drone hologram, Tony next brought up the schematics of the MAUDE glasses, tapping his chin as he studied the code that he'd written the day before. Beck had stated during their meeting that the combination of the glasses plus the CTX-616 drug had enabled the system to tap into the user's hippocampus, allowing the user's memories to basically be projected onto an external infrastructure. At first Tony had thought he was going to have to figure out a way to accomplish the same type of connection without using the drug, something that would have taken many months of research and experimentation and likely cost a ton of money as well, when it suddenly hit him a few days ago that the very people he was planning on using the tech with, Bucky, Peter, and maybe Steve, already had the drug in their systems. Even after being treated with the Aminacin antidote, Bruce could still find traces of CTX-616 in all three of their bloodstreams and in Steve and Bucky's spinal fluid, and Tony was hoping it would be enough to enable the tech to work without having to expose them to any additional doses of the drug.
“Quiet, please,” the announcer calls. As the crowd falls silent, Tony’s eyebrows knit together as he watches Steve check the fit of his goggles and shake out his legs, his lips so tightly pursed that they’re almost invisible.  A second later, Steve shakes out his arms, first his right, then his left, and Tony gasps as an unmistakable wince crosses Steve’s face as he returns his arms to their dangling position.
carefully.
"Ten seconds," Steve whispered. It didn't seem like a lot, but in a firefight, when a fraction of a second could mean the difference between life or death, it may as well have been ten years.
"Yeah, it's fine by me," agreed Sam.
"Here we are, honey," Tony said, fumbling with Steve's ID to open his—
"Yes, sir."
"Which is probably why it's good that you're surrounded by distractions," Natasha said, smirking. "Right?"
Emoji Key for those who don't know what to say in the comments!
"Where the hell do you think he is?" grumbled Bucky. "It's not like this isn't important or anything."
Peter shot him a deep scowl. "Okay, now you just sound like Papa."
“There's a lot about it that’s instinctive,” he concludes.  “And that’s not something that can really be taught.  It’s more innate, like a gift.”
"Mmm. Well, I'm still gonna have Happy double the number of guards around the school, and if there's anyone there that you see that you don't know, any substitute teachers, any new staff members or students, anything at all, I want you call me right away so I can come and get you. Understand?"
look.
"They have disappeared!" cried Mantis as she pointed a shaking finger towards the pile of debris where Nebula had been sitting, the imprints from her boots still visible in the thick red dust. "All three of them have disappeared!"
That will be the legacy of Captain America.  Not as the leader of the Avengers, but as the man who missed his chance at the very love he’s desired for his entire life.
“I just got one more thing,” he said as he puffed out an entire lungful of thick, stinky smoke.  “That military ball at the end of June.”
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
Have each other's back.
Colonel Phillips scowled, narrowing his eyes.
"No, fathers are supposed to be human, which is exactly what you are," Tony cut in. "Or I guess superhuman in your case, so Pete's even extra lucky. Now hush, will you? This isn't an argument that you're gonna win."
As always, I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  Questions, theories, I love them all! 💗
"P-people?" Tony stammered. "We could—"
“I’m sorry, Steve, I really didn't think it would be a problem,” Lorraine adds.  “Do you want me to cancel the appointment?”
“Tony,” Steve choked out as soon as Rhodey left the room, his blue eyes wide with unshed tears.  “Sweetheart, I’m sorry, but can we—can we
"Do me a favour and run the numbers again, and this time disregard that final unknown variable," Tony said.
"No, we don't," agreed Steve. He straightened his shoulders, glancing around at his teammates. "I know we're all tired, but now's not the time to give in. Think of it as the bottom of the ninth. The score is tied, the bases are loaded, and the count is full, which means that—"
In fact, they ended up getting there so fast that the SHIELD medics hadn't even finished resetting Gwen's separated shoulder by the time they arrived at the infirmary. Gwen had burst into tears as soon as she saw them, insisting over and over that Peter had risked his own life to protect her and that she probably would've been killed from her fall off the building if he hadn't managed to catch her with his web, one that he had launched at her right before he lost consciousness. Sam had found her dangling by one arm off the side of the building less than a minute after the second impact, quickly whisking her away to the infirmary while Bucky shimmied up onto the roof to look for Peter.
"Oh, yeah," said Tony. "Since it's only a couple blocks away from the school hosting the competition, I just thought it'd be easier than trying to cram everyone into a hotel."
"Yes," Steve said. He tapped his compass, allowing his nanite quantum suit to flow back inside, and offered Tony his arm, which he eagerly took.
"That's 'cause he's military, bud. They get a free pass for just about anything."
"I'm sure," rasped Tony. His hands slid down Steve's back to his ass, squeezing each cheek as he rolled his hips up against Steve's. "Please, baby. Need you inside me."
"Steve," Bruce said grimly. "That's him."
"Thank you," Peter said with a gulp as he slid into the chair at Mr Stacy's left. He awkwardly cleared his throat, taking the dishes of grilled fish and seasoned green beans as they were passed to him and very much aware that his face was likely the colour of an overripe tomato. Again.
"You are the Norse god, Thor, son of Odin. The god of thunder," T'Challa said, smiling lightly. "I will say, my younger sister is quite fond of your stories."
Like he always did, Tony didn't leave until the school’s doors had closed behind Peter and the six perimeter security guards had taken up their sentry posts.  Satisfied that his son was as safe as possible, Tony drove back to the Tower, bracing himself for the incoming barrage as soon as the elevator doors opened on the topmost floor of Stark Industries.
"Better?" Steve asked a few moments later.
"Well… it's just… I've never seen you in here without Uncle Sam, and I'm just wondering—"
"Yeah," Peter said as he backed out of the garage, carefully navigating the long driveway and onto the main road. "My dads told me that Uncle Bucky helped them pick out the colours."
tell me what happened now?" he begged, grabbing onto Steve's hand. Having to go almost two entire days without being able to properly hold Steve's hands had been so difficult for Tony it was ridiculous, and he was very much looking forward to making up for it.
Reaching for his cup of coffee on the bedside table, Steve caught a glimpse of himself in the small mirror, his brow furrowing with disgust at his unkempt appearance. His hair was the longest it had been in decades, since he was a boy, and the circles under his eyes were so dark that he looked like he'd been hit in the face multiple times by his own shield.
And Dad was even sound asleep, something that both shocked Peter and didn't at the same time. Dad had told him multiple times growing up that the only way he'd been able to sleep as a baby was if Dad held him against his chest, with his ear over his heart. There was just something about the rhythmic beat of Dad's heart that always managed to soothe Peter no matter how upset he was, and since Papa had come along, Peter had lost count of how many times Papa had been able to get Dad to relax in the same way when he was super stressed out.
The man he now loved more than life itself. The man who had not only saved his son's life—was it four times now? Five? Tony had pretty much lost count—but Tony's as well. In so many different ways.
"Oh, I bet you had loads of fun," said Peter. "Um… so I don't know how much you've told Steve about—"
But he couldn't. Like it or not, Project Phoenix had now become like the proverbial snowball rolling down the hill, growing and gaining speed as it went.
"I said,
Tony breathed as Steve carefully worked him open, going from one finger to two as he pressed kisses to every available bit of flesh he could reach. "Steve, baby, I'm ready. Please, please, please, please, please—"
Just like it angered Tony.
"Well, it's not like Iron Man's hard to look at either," Cindy added. "That goatee of his must take him hours to get that perfect. Peter? Do you ever get to watch him when he shaves?"
"Thanks, Nat," said Steve.
"Okay… well… this one's simple," Tony insisted. "We draw him in, pin him down, and get what we want—"
"Yeah. But since they don't know exactly where it is, then—"
The little boy winced, looked down at his hands, and quickly scurried from the room.
"Just… felt like it, I guess. Didn't even think."
"Yep."
the computer spat back. "
"But—!"
"This is helping," Tony said, muffled against Steve's chest. "Even if you smell like you've been punching the hell outta canvas bags for the last three hours." He lifted his head, looking up at Steve with his lips twitching playfully. "And now you've gotten me all sweaty too."
"Dad," Peter said as soon as the door closed behind Uncle James. "Dad, we've gotta—I mean, if it's not safe anymore, then we've gotta—"
Tony was almost asleep by the time Steve pulled out of him, pecking his lips one final time before rising from the bed and heading for his tiny bathroom. He returned a couple minutes later with a warm cloth, gently cleaning the sweat and come from Tony's body. Then he slipped into the bed next to him and gathered him into his arms, tucking Tony's head under his chin. Tony had never been much for cuddling after sex. He'd never even spent the entire night with someone, preferring to sneak out in the wee hours of the night and risk being caught out after curfew than face the awkwardness of waking up next to someone that he'd just as soon never have to see again.
“Oh, now you’re interested in our ‘petty human linguistics’, are ya?” Tony grumbles.  “JARVIS, find me a way into this goddamn bunker!”
of the colonel's neck breaking was almost enough to turn Tony's stomach, and he watched in half-horror, half-relief as Winter Soldier released his grip and stepped back, watching as the man who had tortured him and kept him prisoner crumpled into a heap onto the cold, grey floor.
up from the ashes of its own captivity so it can be reborn. Because I am taking a stand, right here, right now, to say
"I know, Tony," Phillips said as he shoved a tissue into Tony's hand. "And once this works all of Langara will know his name. And yours."
"You gentlemen go, I'll monitor Peter," said Dr Cho.
But Tony only shook his head, his brown eyes tormented behind their long eyelashes, like he was in pain. "JARVIS?" he said, clearing his throat. "Can you call Sam up here, please?"
"That's 'cause a cheap copy is never as good as the original," Tony said with a sneer as he turned on a dime, huffing with satisfaction as yet another Hammer suit crashed into the side of the bunker.
"Tony—!"
Which meant that he had to get a hold of himself, and lead.
"Oh, like we're the commoners," Ned said. "You do know that Peter's dad could literally buy your dad's entire company and turn it into a ping-pong hall or something, right?"
"No, it never has," Peter said firmly. "And the first time I ever noticed it was around a HYDRA agent, remember?"
"You're sure?" Steve asked. "'Cause we can always try this some other time, and—"
"Okay, okay, just… slow down for a second, please?" Steve asked. He sucked in a slow, deep breath, taking a sip of his tea. "What does Wakanda have to do with your bad dreams?"
"Captain Barnes," the pilot said with a rather impatient hand wave. "So you're telling us that this aircraft—"
Steve's heart gave a lurch at Peter's tone, resignation laced with a heavy layer of sadness. What job could possibly be so important so as to keep a father from being with his sick child?
But first they had to take care of his physical injuries.
Peter nodded, pulling out the books he needed for his homework that evening. "So… then… this is what you're really wanting to do? Study at Oxford?"
"Are you desiring an exact number, Captain, or more of an estimate?"
“I’m a big boy, Cap!” Tony retorts.  “I can take care of myself!”
He sniffed, trying to ignore the tear zig-zagging down his cheek. "But anyway, before I go I just wanted to tell you that I'm sorry, Steve. I'm so sorry that I wasn't good enough to keep all of this from happening. I'm so sorry that I wasn't as good to you as you were to me, and to Pete. He loved you so much, honey. You were a hero to him even before he knew you, and for that, I'll always be grateful. You brought out the best in both of us, and I love you for it. Well, I love you for a lot of other things too, but that's a pretty big one." He paused again, choking back more tears. "Please, don't feel guilty about this. You have no reason to feel guilty for anything. All you need to do is remember that I love you, Steve. And I know you will, 'cause you never forget anything." He broke off again, his throat so tight he could barely swallow. "I'm pretty tired, and the air's getting pretty thin, so I'm probably gonna be going to sleep soon. And when I do, I'm gonna pretend that you're holding me up against your chest, with your arm over my waist, so I can stay warm for as long as I can."
And unfortunately, based on the SHIELD files Steve had studied since his recovery from the ice, plenty of organisations had tried.  His own teammate, Dr Banner, had been a member of one such organisation, and had also paid a hefty price for his participation.
And those
"More of them," agreed Steve. "I don't think it's a coincidence that most of the newly-elected representatives and senators are all acquaintances of this President Cole."
A light smile stretched across Steve's lips as he nodded, reaching over to his bedside table for a bottle of lube as Tony worked Steve's sleep pants down just far enough to free his erection. Then Steve squeezed a generous amount of the lube into his palm and wrapped his long fingers around both of their cocks, their combined groans sending ripples of pleasure down Tony's spine.
As it was, he very much hoped that Maria had been successful in getting Tony to sleep before the lights went out, as he seemed to have developed an irrational fear of the dark ever since his surgery, one that none of the doctors could seem to explain. He had been in the middle of the harrowing surgery, completely under the influence of very strong anaesthesia when the hospital suddenly lost power, and so should have been completely unaware of the chaos that had then ensued attempting to keep him alive until they could get the emergency generators online. There was absolutely no reason that Tony should've been at all aware of what was happening, or so Howard thought.
"Ah. So, is Thor still there at the Tower too?" Uncle Thor had been Ned's favourite Avengers team member ever since the Battle of New York, and he proudly carried the paper that Uncle Thor had autographed for him after that battle pretty much everywhere.
"Ah, I didn't quite catch that, One?" Carol said over the comm. "Say again?"
Finally, Dad looked up, his eyebrows knitting together.  “As long as I know where you are.  And just ‘cause I’m allowing you to go there doesn’t mean that you can start wandering around wherever you want, okay?  It’s not safe for you to be—”
"He's fine," Steve answered, just as casually. "Sam stopped by here before his run and told me Peter was still sound asleep. Oh, and he also says he's glad you're feeling better, by the way."
He had repeated the mantra three more times when he heard the white-coated man
Peter let out a frustrated noise. "Actually, they considered it, but since I'd already managed to miss an entire week of school because I hit my stupid head, they decided it wasn't worth it!" He cringed as soon as the words left his mouth, reaching for Gwen's hand when she instinctively stepped away. "I'm sorry, Gwen, I didn't mean to snap at you. I just—"
him. Even after Tony had spent almost an entire year pushing him away.
"Thanks for the warning," Steve replied. Tony knew he still got a bit jumpy whenever he heard Tony's repulsors go off in the lab. Tony had adjusted their sound frequency once Steve admitted that they reminded him of the HYDRA weapons he'd fought against during the war, but with Steve's super-sensitive ears there was only so much he could do.
Steve could only shake his head as he tapped on the link, briefly squeezing his eyes closed as it loaded. Just like they had been a couple days ago, the news report was more speculation than information, but he couldn't deny that it was definitely not good.
"Really?" Peter squeaked, rolling his eyes at his own absurd level of ridiculousness. "I mean, really? That's great! I'll, um… I'll ask Uncle Bucky tonight then and let you know?"
"I'm not a child, Papa," Peter said, rather petulantly. "I'm a teenager."
"Yeah," said Bruce. "I'm really sorry, Thor."
"Ah huh. That's a good thing." He pressed his palm to his chest, running his fingertip along the outline of Steve's dog tags under his shirt. "Um… go ahead and show me how it fits into the case."
He bounced impatiently in his seat as Papa pulled into the parking lot of one of their favourite little cafés, a place he and Papa sometimes ate at when Dad was out of town.
And while they at least had a magnet in the compass devices, it was one that required very precise tuning in order to locate the exact time and place where their timeline diverged with one that was victorious. Not exactly as simple as just flipping a switch.
“Well, I’ve always said that you're the smart one,” Tony replied.  Then he dabbed at Peter’s wet cheeks with his thumbs and kissed his forehead again, tucking the blankets up to his neck.  “Try and sleep, buddy, yeah?  Things’ll be better tomorrow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It also made sense that the Time Stone would be particularly important to protect, since it could literally turn back time—
"Tony, Tony,
And yet, it still managed to hit Steve like a freight train every single time one of them didn't make it back to the barn.
Stepping back over to Tony, Nebula offered him her hand, pulling him up to his feet. Tony stumbled once he was upright, his legs not quite up to the task of supporting his weight. Or the guilt he was carrying across his shoulders like a pair of three-ton anvils.
Then again, why would someone like Rogers be looking at Tony? It's not like a top-notch, recruiting-poster boy pilot like him would ever be interested in a civilian single father like Tony.
about to just sit there and watch Obie blackmail Dad and Steve just because he was a homophobic asshole.
"Peter?" Gwen asked, her pretty face twisted in alarm. "You're as white as a sheet, are you okay?"
"Yes, sir?"
He's not Luke goddamn Skywalker or—or one of your Air Force scouts, Rhodey, he's my fifteen-year-old
"I still don't understand how you can wear these things all the time," he said as Papa tugged on the cuffs of his sleeves, eyeing his sleeve length with a critical eye. "It makes me feel like I'm not supposed to move."
"Ma still has a ton of stuff left over from me," said Steve. "Including the overnight generator panel that she would need for Peter's oxygen tubes and IVs."
He looked, in a word, terrified.
"Well, good. I'll make sure to have plenty of snacks," said Uncle Sam. He clapped Papa on the shoulder, nodding at Dad. "See you guys later."
And that was simply unacceptable.
"And can you explain exactly how Mr Fury had the authority to send you on such a mission?"
His heart in his throat, Tony rushed into the living room, pacing back and forth and nearly jumping out of his skin as soon as the elevator doors opened. Stacy was wearing his cop uniform and Gwen was still in her dress from the dance, and looked as though she had been crying.
Dad held onto Peter's elbow as they made their way to the truck, which was double-parked and blocking traffic as Peter crawled into the roomy backseat, laying down on his father's lap after Dad slid in next to him and covered him with a blanket. Papa looked back at them from the rearview mirror, what Dad always called his "worry wrinkle" on full display as he manoeuvered the truck back onto the street.
"Aw, bummer," said Ned. "'Cause it would've been pretty cool if it had."
It was peppermint.
And really,
And he did. Tony loved Steve more than he'd ever thought he was capable of loving anyone besides his son, and that was why he had to protect him, no matter what.
"Yeah, well, that's just too damn bad now, isn't it," Tony said with a scowl. "'Cause I've been begging you and begging you to talk to Sam for who knows how long, and if you'd've just listened to me then we could've done this during the daylight hours like normal people. But since you're just too goddamn stubborn to see things for how they are, then I guess we're gonna have to do it now."
"Oh mo grá, I love you. You feel so amazing, I love you so much," Steve said as he brushed his lips across Tony's cheek, skimming his hand down Tony's arm to intertwine their fingers, bringing their joined hands up next to Tony's head. Tony's eyes fluttered closed as Steve's lips found that spot at the juncture of Tony's neck and shoulder, sucking another mark into his skin as he snapped his hips forward with a loud groan.
"Yes, Captain," said JARVIS. "Master Peter is currently reading."
Gwen's eyebrows knitted together. "If it's just an internship, why're you acting like I'm breaking up with you or something?"
"Just… keep your eyes open, Sam!" Papa called back. "We need to—"
"Okay. And do you know if he's mentioned them to Sam?"
“Aside from the World Security Council, sir?” asked JARVIS.
Peter heard Papa give a sigh, and he opened one eye just enough to see the deep frown marring Papa's face.
Tony smiled as he kissed his way back up to Steve's mouth. "Then just lie back and enjoy yourself, okay? I'm gonna take good care of you."
"No, no, that's fine," Steve answered. He sank down onto a chair, wincing as a sharp pang of guilt pierced his heart. Here was Natasha, who after watching her surrogate daughter fade into ashes was still working her ass off trying to keep everyone else's spirits up, while Steve might be reunited with his missing family in only a few short hours and was still so anxious that he could barely stand.
"No, I guess not," Steve murmured as he pulled on his jeans, tucking in his blue button-down shirt that was one of Tony's favourites. "I guess Sam and Bucky's shower didn't last quite as long as ours."
“Well…” Tony stammers, wishing like hell he could feign having to pee or something to end the conversation.  “I might’ve checked out his hands too.  You know, the appendages attached to the above mentioned forearms.”
"Nah, Птер would know better than to give any clues about his location," Bucky said from his perch on the arm of the couch. "If I were him I'd just hitch a ride on a truck or something. There's gotta be tons of 'em out there on the highways during the night."
"Good?" Steve asked Peter as Tony picked up his portable oxygen tank.
"You too! See ya tomorrow, Peter."
"Which means you'd better start looking for a place to stay for the night," Bucky said. "'Cause you aren't coming back."
looks. "You're kidding me, right?" he asked. "Holy shit, Steve, I've been thinking about it pretty much the whole damn day!"
"So you go and do all the touristy stuff," Peter said. "Go see the Empire State Building, walk down Fifth Avenue, see a show on Broadway. It's what Papa and I did when he first came to live with us, and then we did all that stuff again with Uncle Bucky. And you've always said you've wanted to see The Lion King, haven't you?"
"There you go," said Ms Sharon once she'd handed him his notebook. It was already past the time for her shift to be over, but she often ended up staying late to help Peter get ready for bed.
“Yeah,” repeats Steve, because he read about that too.  And then proceeded to spend over an hour reading every single Yelp review for Tony’s shop, where customer after customer raved about his handiwork on their six-figure vehicles like Tony was the second coming of Michelangelo or something.
"The Soul Stone is not the only infinity gem currently on Earth," Wong said after a short pause.
Or at least he was until he suddenly locked eyes with Tony, and proceeded to shoot him a glare that would've proverbially splattered him across the entire front of the classroom.
"So, what do you think?" he asked once Peter had circled the whole thing. "Got any suggestions?"
"Are you kidding me?" Steve said. "Peter, when you grow up, you're gonna be the best of all of us. And that is a fact."
"Even though he'd probably tell you the truth if you did?"
“Oh Jesus, Pete, let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Tony rushed out.  “Let’s… get some dinner ordered, yeah?  I think your hunger is starting to affect your mind.”
"The team," answered Bucky. "And Colonel Phillips."
More tears stung Tony's eyes, ones that he quickly blinked away as he attempted a smile. His contented feeling would evaporate as soon as Steve walked out their bedroom door, but he could at least pretend for the moment, for Steve's sake.
"Love you, Dad. 'Night."
“Okay, so… what do you want me to do?” Tony asks as he circles around again.  “I’m pretty sure I can take whatever might be in there—”
"Oh, great," Peter said, wincing. "Probably someone else that my grandpa managed to piss off?"
Peter signed, closing his eyes as he allowed himself to wallow in self-pity for a few moments. All things aside about saving the country, Peter absolutely
And he did.  Buoyed with the knowledge that he was in the safest possible hands, Steve filed away all of his fears and misconceptions into their appropriate mental files as Tony gently worked him open, allowing himself to concentrate solely on the pure
Steve gave a sheepish nod. "I already did. Bruce is expecting you at nine."
"Goddamnit," Tony muttered. "I don't suppose that you have any idea what the hell Pete was looking at?"
"Repulsor test at ten percent successful, sir," said JARVIS. "Preparing to power down."
Either way, the clock was ticking, and Tony hated the sound of ticking clocks. They always reminded him way too much of a countdown.
Bruce gave a sigh. "He managed to break three of the fingers on his right hand and two on the left, plus his knuckles are bruised all to hell. We've got him splinted up, and with his healing factor they should all heal just fine in a few days. It was good that Tony stopped him when he did though, you don't wanna mess around with the hands too much. Too many bones to get displaced."
"He is? Why?" Peter asked, confused. "I've only met them that one time."
Rummaging around in the bathroom, Tony found a small can of shaving foam and a brand-new razor, no doubt courtesy of Happy since the razor was the exact same type that he used. Steve's beard was so long and matted that Tony had to use scissors first, clipping away the smelly, filthy whiskers before lathering Steve's cheeks and chin with the foam. It took Tony almost an hour to finish, as careful as he was to not press too hard on Steve's broken cheekbone. But once he was done and had rinsed the last remnants of the shaving cream away, Tony's breath caught in his throat as he looked down at his husband, his eyes still glued to Tony's face.
“Well… with the custom powder-blue sparkly paint job, I'd say we’re looking at a cool half mil,” says Dad, his eyes crinkling at the corners like they always do when he’s pleased with himself.  “Owner told me he got my name from one of his country club buddies, so… let’s just say I’m not too worried about a slight lull after workin’ on that thing of beauty.”
Steve pleaded as he attempted to reach for his t-shirt, halted by Tony's tight grip on his arm. "Tony, you're obviously sick, so why—?"
"Steve!" Tony shrieked as he lunged towards the hole. He plunged his armoured hand down into the icy water, grabbing onto the first part of Steve that he could reach, which happened to be his shoulder, and yanked him up and out, barely managing to get his entire body onto the surface before the hole started to close.
“Tony, be careful as you approach the building,” Steve says as Tony flies on ahead of him.  He grunts as he jumps over a frozen ravine, taking out three more agents with his shield and wincing as Tony starts dodging laser cannon blasts, shooting almost continuously from the top of the building.
"Yes, yes, I will be glad when all of that garbage has been finally removed from D.C.," said one of the other members, some Senator from Wyoming or something whose name escaped Tony at the moment. "It is such an eyesore in the middle of our beautiful capital."
Whoever had inputted Ultron into the matrix had only figured out how to halt JARVIS's commands, not actually replace him.
"Very good, sir."
"So, when do you think you'll get to go out with Gwen again?" Ned asked from Peter's tablet, resting on his bed while he worked on his homework. He had just gotten off the phone with Dad and Papa, who'd said they were exhausted and were planning on staying in D.C. for one more night before coming home the next day. Peter had wanted to ask how the hearing went, but one good look at Dad's face convinced him that that wasn't such a great idea, and he had just asked them to say hi to Uncle James for him before saying goodnight.
"What do you feel like having, little guy?" Steve asked.
"Okay, so this Smythe guy is connected to Mark Raxton, how?" he asked.
Dad had actually taken the news about the HYDRA files a lot better than Peter thought he would. The fact that Peter had been almost inconsolable when he finally confessed probably helped his case quite a bit, but once Dad recovered from his initial shock and looked over what he had decrypted, he agreed to allow Peter to keep working on the files as long as he promised to share everything that he found with the rest of the team.
“All three of them know I’m just fine, bud,” Tony said firmly.  He planted a firm kiss to Peter’s forehead.  “No one needs to be worrying about me, yeah?  Especially not you.”
So instead, he simply says, “Sweet dreams” and closes his own eyes, revelling in the knowledge that no matter what happens next, he at least knows that the man that he loves, loves him back.
Steve gave a nod. "I agree. I know he's strong and smart as a whip, but he's still far too young to be an official Avenger." He broke off, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. "And I honestly don't know if I'll ever think he's old enough to become an official Avenger."
"All right, all right. Let's just get Tony here so we can start," Steve said as he pulled out his phone. "JARVIS?"
"Well, yeah, but I think a lot of that was him missing us," Tony said gently. "I've seen how he gets when you've been on missions without me, and he can get pretty grumpy. Add that on top of school and another growth spurt, and you've got one moody kid."
"Ow!" Clint whined. "Why's everyone being so mean to me? I didn't do anything!"
"Of course it is, Peter," Steve said softly. "Just tell me what you need me to do."
Uncle Bucky flinched, shifting on the chair, and for a few seconds Peter was afraid that he'd hit such a strong nerve that Uncle Bucky was going to get up and walk out.
"Yeah," Steve said as he pushed himself up to his feet, wiggling his toes inside his new boots. He could tell just in the few steps that he'd walked in them so far that Tony had done something new with them. They felt extra spongy along the footbed, almost bouncy, like his feet were being cradled in memory foam.
He took his time in the shower, rehearsing apology speeches in his mind as he tried to scrub the layer of sweat from his hair and body that felt at least a centimetre thick. Bucky was right; it probably had been unsafe for Steve to be up there that morning not only because of what had happened with Tony, but because he hadn't eaten. Steve had experienced a few pretty scary blood sugar drops right after he'd received the serum as his body tried to adjust to his vastly increased metabolism, but it had been years since he'd had one that bad.
