Sherlock                   My fingers drum on the rail, recalling the bite on my inner thigh and all that I shared with John, before I make my decision. "There may be help coming. I'm unsure when though. I believe I managed to get a message out to friends but I'm unsure if and when they will come." I glance at her with a serious face, "I know you and others may wish to help but nothing obvious may happen until we are certain."
Greg                            "He just needs rest, he's fine Mrs. Lipton. He transported me and John out of the lift that was meant to kill us." I could feel Mycroft keeping a tight hold of me as we found another way up to the roof where the helicopter was waiting. John was not surprisingly sticking close to Sherlock but helped keep an eye on everyone else.
Mycroft                       I lick his cock slowly, enjoying the sounds he is making as my tongue swipes over the hot flesh. I rest my hand lightly on his hip with a moan as I take him into my mouth, sucking gently as my power floods me with his emotional state again.
Mycroft                     "A clear threat against those connected to Lestrade has been made. We need to guard against anyone recognizing your connection to him. Or my connection to him.  We need to be seen as operating independently of him."
John                            “Where are you? Why are these dreams so weird lately... you would call them dull. It’s frustrating.”
John                            “Maybe that’s the problem. You need to be patient. See what he wants.”
Greg                             I tested his grip on my hands by shaking them but it’s like my muscles wouldn’t work, it making my hips fidget a little where he had me completely pinned to the bed. Again, I could hear the beat of his heart but then heard mine is well, it eventually molding into one.
Sherlock                   I hang back, startled and wary, pulling out my phone and starting to hurriedly text Mycroft
Rosie                           On the way to Scotland Yard I try real hard to stay still but I'm bouncing in my seat. "Omg this is gonna be fun. What am I s’posed to do? How can I help? Youremydadright?!" Inner squeeee
John                             “I wasn’t arguing with Papa... I was arguing with Greg... but it doesn’t matter. Grown up stuff, don’t worry about it. But no, I will be with you for a few days at Mycroft’s, unless Papa needs my help. Then I may have to go.”
Mycroft                       "Yes, but I'd rather be touching you." I whisper, my lips brushing along his shoulder.
Sherlock                   I keep still, but I can feel the mists shifting and moving, John's voice circling me, "Hospital? You're there with either my brother or Lestrade". My brain must be attempting to work through Moriarty's comments about them both
Dave the Druggist       I lean against my desk, panting and trying to stem the bleeding, my face already pale and scared, "Please, don't kill me. I swear, I just work here."
Greg                      I got passed bandages through, my hands passing it to Sherlock so we could at least stop the bleeding while the search and rescue team sorted out the rubble around us. I was cramped in a squat and checked Mary's pulse where she was slumped forward beside John, my hands moving her a bit more where there wasn’t a pulse there.
Sharon Price          I snuffle back a little sob, forcing a smile to my lips, "I hope she'll understand how upset you are and support you. "
Rosie                          "I called Mother, Mother." It sounds stupid, but I never knew what else to call her. She said I looked a lot like my Father and it made her sad when she saw me.
Greg                            "Just… stop worrying about it, okay?" I held out my hand again and then heard Mrs. Hudson opening the door, mumbling a few words to someone and both of our ears perked up where we then heard footsteps approaching.
Greg                             My face is pushed into the pillows with a moan as he works me open with the wand, it not being what I had expected at all. I'd never really used these toys with anybody else and didn't think the sometime that Mycroft mentioned would be now.
Mycroft                       "You are the first person I've ever been able to sense emotion from without touching you." I admit. "It's an odd feeling, being able to do that."
Mycroft                       "Alone... is easier. You know that. I believe I've even heard you say that a time or two." I give him a lop-sided grin, as I ducked out of the way of the incoming biscuit, which hit the bookcase behind me, breaking apart into crumbs. "And it wasn't to be a permanent solution. I was close to answers."
Rosie                          I jump out of the chair at the sight of a disappearing Sherlock. "What the...?? He's gone! Where did he go??"
Irene                           I was sitting at the table, one wrist cuffed to the table. I had managed to get one bare leg propped up onto the table, my coat parted at the waist, but still buttoned at the top. “Finally! I’ve been here for hours.”
Mycroft                       "I'm sure Sherlock and John would be happy to help in that regard," I say with a slight grin. Sherlock loves any opportunity to annoy Donovan and Anderson, and while he keeps them busy, John can pick up what Greg needs. "I suggest texting them once you've settled. Shall I order Thai food for dinner?  You need to eat before you take your medication."
Greg                            I feel the knife press even more into my neck and raise my hand slightly to stop Mycroft coming any closer, my eyes glaring at him where John had lowered his weapon. Mine was scattered across the living room and I would risk having my throat slit if I tried anything drastic.
Mycroft                     I sit in the corner of the coffee shop, waiting for Lestrade to arrive. We needed to go over any new developments in the case.
Mycroft                     "John, please talk some sense into him," I say, more than a little distressed.
Sherlock                   Pulling him out a little, I nod, tightening my lips and then humming, deep and musical in my throat, my whole mouth vibrating with the sound before I begin just to lap at his slit and around his head, my hand taking over the pumping motions
Sherlock                   Unfolding my legs, I move to stand besides Mycroft, my nose wrinkling a little at the back pat. "Really? I thought Americans were all touchy feely?" I pronounce it like others may pronounce a sexual disease. "Not even a hug for her uncle Mycie."
Sherlock                   I find myself drawing up, snapping back at the miniature John, "It is being very rude to its father."
Mycroft                     "You are hardly a babysitter, Sherlock. You have ample opportunity to gather data from the comfort of your chair."
Mycroft                       "It might be worth considering, when you have a case the requires my special skills."
Mycroft                       "It was necessary, Greg. People speak around infants as though they do not understand, but they do remember." I look at him as he glared at me. "Penny was meeting Sebastian Moran last night. They were planning to meet somewhere on James Street... she never said the name."
Mycroft                     I wipe away a tear from his cheek with my thumb, as I shift to lay beside him. "I meant it... I love you..." I whisper, peppering his face with soft kisses.
Rosie                           I walk over to the other guys in the kitchen. "So..." I look back and forth from each of them. "Which one of you are gonna take me to the Zoo?"
Mycroft                     With John and Rosie in the back seat, I climb into the driver's seat and we head to Sherlock's flat. After entrusting care of Rosie to Mrs. Hudson, the three of us head upstairs.
John                            “Dad. If you’d like. We’ve only just met and found out about one another. So, if you’re not ready....” I trail off.
Mycroft                     I could tell he was confused. "Warmth. Shared body heat. Hush." I laid my head on the pillow
Greg                             "Exactly. We might not get much from her, but we can hold her for up to 48 hours. Stroke her ego a little, make her brag about what they're doing." I beamed as I paced around the room, waving my hands around a little trying to gather thoughts.
Greg                             "That’s... good, isn't it?" I said breathlessly as I came back into the room, feeling him nuzzling against my neck and it did calm me back down again. I ran a hand through my sweaty hair and felt my body cooling down where it had been so intense.
Mycroft                     "Perhaps. That would take a large amount of patience on the part of the other person, though." I hand him my empty container.
Mycroft                     Rosie and I walk into the waiting area, where we find John slumped against the wall, fast asleep. "John..." I gently shake his shoulder.
John                            “Sounds good. How long will it take us to get there? What time do we leave?”
Jamie                           "A nobody. Just a Jack-of-all-Trades." As he pushes up the sleeves of his hoodie I see at least two nicotine patches on each arm. "What's your poison?"
Greg                            "If you touched me again, would it be too much?" I whispered, and I was certainly warm now where I'd turned my head enough to smell his aftershave that he'd been wearing all day.
John                            Slamming cupboards can be heard from the kitchen as I get out the tea things. “I think we have some Jaffa Cakes and some Hobnobs. Sherlock, did you finish off the pack of Ginger Nuts? Although, she may not like them. They’re a bit spicy.”
Greg                            "You just push them aside. It must be hard." I said softly with concerned eyes, putting my hand on his knee rather than his hand and encouraged him to take a few bites to get his sugar back up. I’m hoping it would help just a little.
Mycroft                 "Don't do it again." I warned him. I did not specify exactly what he was not to do it again, as I disliked him using his gift on me, almost as much as being touched uninvited.
Sherlock                   Nodding to John, I turn back to the control screens and rows of computers, stalking from one end to the other but not touching yet, before peeling off and making my way over to plant a firm kiss on John's forehead, "Keep a look out for any of Moriarty's men who are still at large and on the island surface."
Sherlock                   That question makes me pause, thoughtful, before shaking my head, "Untutored. Natural. Uncontrolled. She does not seem overwhelmed though." My gaze flicks to Mycroft's gloves, then back to his face
Mycroft                       I huff. "Fine. I should be able to get you that information by tomorrow morning. Anything else I ought to be looking for?
Downstairs Mrs. Hudson opens the door with a huff, gesturing for Lestrade to go on up with a roll of her eyes and something about lazy, layabout boys. It's obvious she hasn't been told yet about the new 'guest' in 221B
Mrs. Lipton             "I can add a bit to every meal but not for too long, I have only a bit herb garden in the kitchen window."
John                            “I miss you too. I wish you were here. This bed is cold.” My dream is just white mist, just sounds.
Mycroft                       "Yes. Miss Adler has no more useful information on Moriarty." I nod at Greg. "Thank you for the coffee, by the way." I took a long drink of it. It was syrupy sweet, bit exactly what I needed
Mycroft                 "The male victim - the body in the morgue - is NOT Sebastian Moran. He was a decoy."
Greg                            "No, not really but it's worth a try. Or I can just do this." I shrug and go over to his hurt shoulder, not even having to press on it hard to get a little yelp out of him. It was the only way I could think to get the information out of him as my power wouldn't be strong enough.
Greg                             "Alright Miss Adler, we're going to get an officer to process you for public indecency and then release you. I don't suppose you can tell us when you're going to be seeing Jim next?" I collected everything up into the file that I'd taken documents out of to look at.
Greg                            I saw him fidgeting but brought out the pictures of his car and number plate anyway, it being after we'd identified who everyone was on tape. "Is this your vehicle and number plate?" I asked softly.
Mycroft                     My face goes pale. "I... I do not know. Everything has happened so quickly. We had no intelligence indicating that Greg was a target until the accident. Neither Moran nor Moriarty has made any contact with the Meta Human Office, nor had there been any other incidents or anomalies since Tel Aviv."
Eurus                         "Your DI?" There's bored amusement in my tone. "He's right there, watching me." My head rolls so I'm gazing at Lestrade, fluttering my eye lashes and suddenly transforming into Sharon, as if a light had been switched in my body and mind, eyes widening and lips curving into a sweet smile, "I gave you my number. You never called Greg."
Sherlock                     My eyes roll, "I wasn't dealing with drugs. I told you." I notice the cabbie is paying a little too much attention to us. "I can protect myself. I don't need you. I don't need my brother. I don't need anyone."
Sharon Price             My arms wrap around one of his, leaning into him and resting my forehead on his bicep, "Do...do you have anyone now?"
Greg                             I press my teeth into his tongue as it mixed with mine to show him that I was wanting him to stroke me properly and having him just leant next to me wasn’t enough. I needed to touch him properly, needed him on top of me.
Greg                             "I'm guessing Sherlock got the same thing. Asking how he's doing probably." I said between us kissing, my eyes and general demeanour tired where I'd been taking my antibiotics and then trying to do my normal work day.
Rosie                           "I know. I remember I'm s’posed to keep an eye on Greg and Myc and keep track in the notebook you got me." I show Dad the notebook before I put it in my bag.
Greg                            "Yeah, yeah, sure, anything you need." I wiped my eyes properly with my hand, then holding it out to him where I then watched him take his gloves off again. I had remembered what it had felt like being touched by Sharon and guessed she was like him with reading people.
Moran                        My face pales, attempting to wrench away from the DI at my shoulder, snapping, "It isn't your brother I'm comparing you too. It's that crazy fucking sister of yours."
John                            “We can go down to the library together. We could get you a card.” I suggest. I glance over at Sherlock. “And I think Sherlock’s already ordered you a laptop of your own.”
Mycroft                     Clearly shaken, I slip my glove back on. "I see the history of anything I touch... or of anyone. The weakness is that with people, I tend to get overwhelmed by the emotional component. Hence, the gloves."
Sherlock                   I snatch the paper, snarling, "There -must- be other details. You can't solve a case on this."
Sherlock               My fingers stuff another ice chip into his lips, huffing, "You were hurt worse than you ever were."
Sherlock               Suddenly I'm by his side once more, reaching for John's hand, "I'm here. Don't go."
Sherlock                   I can't help but look stiff and stern in the photo, uncomfortable as ever with one being taken. "My name is Sherlock." I thought she knew that, but maybe she has John's talents for over looking the obvious
Greg                             "Were trying to find the partner now but I assume he's going to say that he had reported him missing. We'll see what toxicology brings up." I said as we walked towards the man being pulled out of the mud and I thought my shoes had more grip than they actually did. It was a quick moment that I was then on my arse, coat soaked through and covered with mud.
Mycroft                     I walk up to the door of 221, and straighten the knocker before ringing the doorbell.
Greg                             "I assume so because he was rather calm." I nodded and wished we'd have been let in to whatever he was planning so we didn't have to go through all of this.
John                            “I bet. But it sounds like it gave you two a chance to figure things out.” I slide of off the arm of Sherlock’s chair and into the seat.
Greg                      "I'll get the nurses to stay clear." I nodded and didn’t know who the hell Moriarty was, but I stood guard at the door, phoning Mycroft so things could be put in place for both of their safety.
Rosie                          I grab another cookie. "Could I read it maybe?" I left my notebooks in a lockbox hidden high in a tree behind a bee hive.
John                             “Oh! No! Just you.” I give her a small smile. “And Greg doesn’t have kids either.” I take a drink of my soda.
Sherlock                   "Animals?" I crouch down by her side straight away, wide eyed, "That's an amazing talent. How many murders could be solved if only we could ask the dogs and cats around the scene."
Mycroft                     I listen carefully to the audio tracks playing with Moriarty's video, and write down what is being said. First, there is a riddle. "There are two bodies on the floor. They are surrounded by water and broken glass. How did they die?" I read it aloud to Sherlock, who is pacing the room restlessly.
Mycroft                     "It WAS necessary, John. If Sherlock had told Greg - or any of us, for that matter - his plans beforehand, it would not have been as effective. He needed to leak false information to Moriarty." I sigh. "I only hope he isn't taking any stupid risks."
Greg                            "I dunno, those mugs weren't that bad, were they?" I joked, dropping my own eyes to my mug in my hands and felt my heart pounding again but in a great way. It felt amazing.
Greg                            I didn't know what I was going to do with my flat or anything to do with possessions or insurance by the time I'd finished my fag so went inside to find he'd gone to bed. I turned off the odd light he'd left on for me, my suitcase still in his room so I stepped in quietly while he was using the bathroom to get changed so I did the same to get under his covers. I didn't feel right sleeping in the spare room anymore.
John                             Greg stands up shakily but I put a hand on his shoulder to push him back down. He winces, grunting as he collapses back down in the chair. “Did you hurt yourself, Greg?”
Rosie                           "Yeah. Uncle Mycie found me after my Mom died..." I wipe my eyes so she thinks I might cry. "Then brought me to Papa who didn't know anything about me or nothing..."
Greg                             I rub my face with my free hand and then pulled at my hair where I'd also run my hand through it. "I didn't ask for much Mycroft, just to let me know what you were doing. I've had 4 new bodies in the last two weeks, barely slept and I've barely had a hot meal all week. I reached out to you because I trusted you, but you just ignored me." I said with my eyes shut.
John                            “I think so. Just tired, maybe. He needs something sweet. But I don’t want him choking. We’ll have to wait till he’s more lucid for that.” My eyes don’t leave Sherlock’s face as I speak.
Greg                             "Yeah, my alarm's just gone off. 7:30am..." I said quietly and had imagined him to be more of a morning person, but he was much like me. Just debating whether it;s worth it, the rubbing of the eyes and stretch like a cat in the sun.
Greg                            "Look, Eurus is going to lead us to Jim and Sherlock, okay? If you want to sit here and mope, fine or if you want to help us like you say you do then cut the bullshit and join us." I put my hands on my hips and glared back at him. This needed to stop if we were going to get anything done.
Mycroft                       "No..." I kiss him a little more forcefully than before. "Don't apologize. I take it as a compliment." I push him back in his chair.
Greg                             "Did she just take her phone and her usual stuff for a night out? Didn't take anything else? I mean.. As a police officer.. We have to think about all avenues.." I said softly and did feel for him where he was a single dad, his girlfriend missing and I didn't want to upset him anymore.
Oliver                         "I do not throw the poor guy over the bridge! I wanted to take him to the hospital. As we reached the middle of the bridge Seb put his gun to my head and ordered me to stop then he..." I took a deep breath, this was the point where I have to decide where I want to end up. I looked up at Mr, Holmes and knew what to do. "He just grabbed the guy and tugged him out of the car and throw him over the bridge."
Greg                             "Why don’t we pool our resources together today? At the yard where we can have access to everything?" I said when I eventually got up, stalking around the room to find my boxers from last night to sleep on and I was now stood by where he was laying.
Mycroft                       "Thank you," I reply after a moment, carefully unwrapping the box to find a beautiful pair of fine leather dress gloves. The leather was supple, and very thin. "Hardly a fair trade, though." I smile. I slip my jacket off and settle in a chair across from him. "So, what have we got to work with so far?"
Greg                            "I just need to get to the crime scene, that's all. See if it’s all set up properly for me to have a look at." I shrugged quietly and swallowed back what my heart was now doing in my throat. I could see him reading me and all I could so was subconsciously remind myself not to push him.
Rosie                           "Yeah you'd need a Mom... What should she have told me bout you?" I really want to know more bout John but I can't figure out the right questions.
Sherlock                   My head leans back to dangle over the back of my chair, moaning loudly, "I'm so bored... there must be something to give me a lead on Moriarty and Moran. The databases are helpful, but I need to get out, to see the evidence, to feel the clues."
Mycroft                     "Please... I need the two of you to get along. Sherlock needs us ALL to get along if we have any hope of getting him back." I nod at both of them as they scowl at each other.
Greg                            "Yeah, yeah, she's fine with that sort of thing. She can read me like a book." I chuckled and checked my watch to see I'd nearly been gone an hour and a half. I didn’t want Mycroft thinking that I'd been caught up in all this...
Greg                            I felt my heart rate lower with the familiar calm feeling I always got when Mycroft touched me bare handed and I was just watching him search for what he needed with his eyes shut. I jumped with him when he jolted back, my heart rate back up and I held onto his clothed arms so he didn't fall back and injure himself.
Dr Capaldi                 After some time passes we finally get DI Lestrade situated so I go to the waiting room. "Lestrade? Anyone here for Gregory Lestrade?"
Rosie                           As soon as my feet touch down in the foyer I dust off my hands and go to Dad. "That was....so much. Fun!!!"
Rosie                          I'm actually kinda excited to go shopping. I wonder what kinda clothes they'll get me and if I can help pick them out. I prefer jeans and graphic tees but my cousins bought me in stupid dresses just to annoy me.
Sherlock                     My fingers stretch, pads together. My gaze sweeps over John a moment, then to Rosie, "I would claim you as my own daughter from my rather murky past, but Moriarty would have even more incentive to use you against me then."
John                            “Mmm. You don’t want to make me do things?” I mumble into his mouth. My kisses trail down his chin and neck into the collar of his shirt, as my fingers start working at the buttons of his shirt. They pop open with barely a touch. “Are you doing that? It’s very efficient.”
Greg                             "Yeah but Sherlock said he had to sort something out with John, since he's apparently dead and then what they can do with Rosie… maybe use her as the distraction for Sally and Anderson... Plus I have officers out in the signal area we got from the latest missing person's phone call." I explained and sat back in the chair to put my feet on the desk. I knew it wouldn’t mind.
Rosie                           "K." I had a hard time believing he'd stay once we got there. "Can we go talk to Lock now?"
Greg                            I chuckle with him and my brother had the more desired power of moving objects with his mind, "I was nearly 16 when mine came into play... late bloomer." I admitted, and it did seem odd at the time.
Greg                            I quietly drop my hand to stay on his knee as we follow the ambulance to the hospital and I keep my hand roped through his gloved one as we wait in the waiting room. Police officers are keeping a vigilant eye on Moran, really making sure that there were no chances for him to escape.
Greg                             "I’m sorry. I didn’t realise I was still so weak." I said softly as Mycroft appeared again with the Thai food and even though I felt a bit sick from nearly fainting, my face being pale, I took a fork and sipped from the water he'd also gotten for me.
Dave the Druggist       "Who the fuck?" I'm dressed in a white lab coat with a clipboard, coming around the shelves and spotting the intruder. Dropping the clipboard, I spin around, diving for shelter as my hand digs in my coat for my gun
John                            “No.... I’m just extra strong and I can heal quickly if I get hurt.”
Sherlock                   "Why are you holding your little finger out to me?" I stare in utter confusion at the offering.
Mycroft                     "I doubt anyone has taken notice, to be honest." I shrug. "No one has commented when I have a woman in my office, either."
Mycroft                       I sit up for a moment, drinking in the view of Greg lying naked before me, and I lightly brush my hand down his chest, closing my eyes as the sensations flow through me. I lean in and kiss him again, rougher, my tongue flicking against his lips and delving into his mouth.
Greg                            I pushed my head back a little, so he had more access and if we were working from home then, well, we had time. I kept my fingers through his hair and didn't want him to think it was a one-sided affair so started undoing the pj top he had on.
Mycroft                       The position of my hips causes him to hit my prostate with nearly every thrust. My whole body is tingling with every stroke, my breathing ragged as I get closer to my release. Then he reaches between us and wraps his hand firmly around my cock, stroking me in time with his thrusts. "Oh, God... Oh,
Sherlock                     I've amassed a sizable evidence base now, not only of missing metas and murdered normal humans, but also of potential targets and even some evidence against people like Sally. When Lestrade enters I go into full flow, "I've identified quite a few in your own force who may be sympathetic to Moriarty and his aims, and not only that but I believe that some, such as Sally, may directly be working with him. Or someone in his payment hired to recruit people such as her." My lips spit the word 'people' like a curse
John                             “Yeah something about looking through an anatomy textbook. We can... if you want. Or just find something on TV.”
Greg                            "I’m sure she was proud of you all the same. She must have felt there was a connection between us where I'd split up from my ex-wife." I shook my head and barely noticed the gloves she was wearing while I was scanning the scene where they were securing both the flats. It looked like I was going to be staying with Mycroft a bit longer.
Mycroft                     I groaned as he unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it back over my shoulders, his hand stroking softly over my skin.
Sherlock                     Slipping my phone back in my pocket, I blink, staring up the stairs in slight confusion. She called me papa, even though the ruse was over? She must have still been pretending, I think, my heart sinking a little.
Greg                             "You’re absolutely gorgeous… I’ve missed you." I said lightly with sincerity in my voice and u tilt my head in a smile where he looks so embarrassed. I swept my hands over his chest, it being that we were both bare and vulnerable.
Greg                             "I've got to get Mycroft back... I let him go... He shouldn't have left..." I was muttering as I felt myself being moved somewhere else and had no clue as to where I was or why I was like this. I was clinging to Sherlock, pale and clammy.
Rosie                          "Dad said they were bffs and just mad at each other like sometimes..." I stop talking ‘cause I notice Mycie has gone pale and shaky.
Mycroft                     I nearly purr as his hands run over my thighs, unconsciously twitching my hips against his.
Mycroft                     I nuzzle against his neck, feeling very relaxed... we both are very relaxed. "First, we go get John... then we deal with Eurus... and hopefully, find my brother. And then..."
Mycroft                       Turning his face toward mine, I capture his lips with my own roughly, nipping at his lower lip. My fingers stroke lightly down his neck and over his shoulders, before I let my hands fall to the rug beneath me and dig in heels into him. "Harder," I whisper in his ear.
Sherlock                     "Then how did it happen?" I start to infuse my tone with a little sassy. "What's the socially appropriate time between having sex and breaking someone's heart?"
John                            “Is that everything I need to know?” I ask as we stop in front of a doorway.
Mycroft                       I walk quietly through the door, and head to the living room, throwing my coat of the back of the sofa as I take a seat. I am at a loss for words, and just sit quietly, anxiously tugging at my gloves, unable to meet his eye.
Mycroft                       "Why is this my fault?" I grumble at him as he nearly pushes me back into the kitchen.
Rosie                           "You get to see dead bodies?" I lean in close to her. "Are they scary? Do they stink? Are they all... icky and stuff?"
Greg                             "It’s alright.  I'll walk since it’s not that far and it gives you a chance to get back home for a change of clothes." I rolled my eyes playfully at him looking me up and down with the suit and I'd only just opened the front door to leave when Mrs. Price was on the street and spotted us.
Greg                             I gasp into his mouth as I feel my body relax but the difference between us kissing now and when we've kissed before is that I could hear his heart beat in my ears. I could smell the coffee he had for breakfast, my senses seeming to be heightened but just to him. I popped the lube cap open, gently pushing him off so I could get into a more comfortable position to work myself open.
Greg                             "Still expensive, though, I imagine." I whispered as he kept rubbing my back and I wiped the water from my face, "Seb had me in a chair and was... touching me." I emphasized the word ‘touching’ so he'd hopefully get it and said the word like Sherlock says the word 'friends'
I'm sending you an address. Everything your heart desires will be there. Stay put once you get there. I'll be in touch. You have more friends than you think. ~JM
Sherlock                   I'm tugged along by the small girl, then chuckle as she hesitates, passing her easily and trying to stride towards the stairs leading to what used to be John's room. now serving as Rosie's bedroom. As I do, I learn how impossible it is to walk and remain holding hands with such a small person, especially when ascending stairs in front of them. To speed matters, I attempt to disengage our hands.
Greg                            "I'm looking into phone records and bank statements but not as yet as I was in court this morning. Did you find anything more on John's daughter?" I explained and tried not to look in pain from a broken rib that a suspect had given me yesterday while he tried to get away from me.
John                             “We can order pizza. I think there’s a place down the street.” I call as she turns around.
Sharon Price          "You're so lucky." Finally I release my hands, rubbing one over my face and sniffling, "Look, can I give you my number?" I quickly add, seeing the look on his face, "Not for anything bad just...I've no one. I'm going back to my own flat all alone after the hospital and... and mum. Maybe we could get coffee sometime? Just to talk?"
John                             “Hey. I got half Hawaiian half pepperoni. Hope that’s ok.” I bite my lip as we decend to the kitchen together.
Greg                            "I know plenty of places where I can change your mind." I kiss the top of his head and sigh happily where he was curling up against me, his hand running lazily along my chest.
Sherlock                   Suddenly I flash out of sight, appearing behind one guard and striking him across the back of the head with a gun John handed me while I was protecting me, before levelling the gun at Moriarty calmly.
Sherlock                     I take a few moments to stare at the address, before turning and exiting the den, glancing around before heading up to the rooftops once more and towards the hostel
Sherlock                   "John. I think your child is broken." I peer at her, offering the ginger nuts again.
Mycroft                     "I know, Sherlock. I suspect he would agree with me in this... he doesn't want to lose you, either." I said quietly. "I will make arrangements for you to investigate crime scenes that might have a connection. However, we will have to do it in such a way that your presence is not connected to Lestrade." I sip my tea and sit back. "It appears the British Government will need to do some crime investigations now..."
Mycroft                     I nod to him as I open the passenger door. "Be my guest." I motion for him to get in, as I walk around to the driver's side. Starting the engine, I carefully put my bare hands on the wheel and pull into the roadway.
Mycroft                     "I pulled away when I started seeing your divorce... you were very angry - understandably so.
Sherlock                   Springing towards Lestrade, I rub my hands, "Good. Now. Mrs. Lipton, if you would be so kind to assist us to the control room? Or to someone who can help us get there without losing at least one limb each. Or blowing up the whole island." I add, almost as an afterthought
Sherlock                   Rolling my eyes at her, I start to swan around the kitchen, snapping, "Moriarty is dead but this island is still our enemy. Until we disengage the security systems there's no way for us to get help. We need to get to the control room."
Greg                            I grinned into the kiss when I felt him relax into it and knew he just wanted to concentrate on this with him avoiding my bare skin. I still had my hands bunched up in the sweater, but I played with his hair, the kiss being sweet and slow.
Mycroft                     I pick up the sweatshirt that he dropped and unfolded it, holding it up so he could pull it over his head. Once he had it on, I rubbed his arms roughly, trying to warm him up.
Sherlock                     Nodding, I turn, heading for the taxi rank instead of Mycroft's car. Heading home to my Watsons who will probably be sulking by now also.
Rosie                          "Why? Were you fighting?" I shake Bee a bit and watch its perfectly proportioned wings flap.
Mycroft                     I close my eyes as I press steadily into him, his tight heat surrounding my cock deliciously. When our hips meet, I lean forward and kiss him, my lips soft against his as I stroke his cheek with my fingertips. The emotional feedback from him is so romantic, so loving, it almost brings tears to my eyes.
Mycroft                     The sounds he is making are so erotic. My own cock is aching for attention, but right now, I am focused on his pleasure. I take him into my mouth slowly, swirling my tongue around his shaft as I suck him in gently.
Rosie                          "You... You... You told on me? It was a secret!!" I yell at Sherlock. I can't believe he told on me.
Mycroft                       I snap a quick photograph of the speed camera picture, despite its poor quality, and forward it to Anthea to research. "We keep fairly close tabs on meta-humans, but I suspect Moriarty is not in the registry. He would be significantly easier to find if he were. Unfortunately, without a registration record, we have no idea what kind of power we are dealing with, so we are helpless to overcome it." I re-check my phone as Anthea's response arrives - as I suspected, the picture does not match any known Meta in our system.
Sherlock                     I stumble a little as I approach the shop, a harmless looking little Polish deli in a slightly rough part of London. My clothes don’t draw attention for once, dressed in a rather oversized hoodie, drawn up over my untamed curls, a scuffed pair of trainers and baggy jogging bottoms completing the picture of just an ordinary guy heading down the alley running down the side of the shop. Glancing around, I knock on the back door, licking my chapped lips and pulling my hood lower so I'm not spotted by my brother's ever present cameras in the main street
Mycroft                     "May I?" I ask as I reach for his arm tentatively. "Perhaps you do remember it..."
Greg                            "I am interested but you've got to stop treating my power like it’s the scum of the earth. I might not have the best control of it yet but the way you first pointed it out to me..." I said truthfully and folded my arms instead of getting into the car like I wanted to.
Mycroft                       "More...." I breath, my free hand curling into the rug beneath me as my hips jerk against him.
I don't want to see you in oblivion or death. I need to see you're serious and this isn't you playing pretend.
Greg                             "You’re lucky I don't have my gun on me, Sherlock." I say breathlessly as I wave off the staff of the shop he's just ran through, glaring down at him where I'm keeping him on the pile of rubbish bags.
Sherlock                   "I don't just see them" I beam down at Rosie, quite taken by her enthusiasm, "I solve them for him."
John                            “Good, a bed.” I start backing him towards it, pushing his jacket and shirt off his shoulders. The back of his legs hit the mattress and we topple onto the bed.
Sherlock                     "If we are able to find his partner." There's a growing suspicion in my mind. "I fear we may discover his partner is already gon..." I blink, the space that was occupied by the DI suddenly a vacuum. My eyes search around a moment before lowering, peering down the slippery bank into the mud. "What are you doing Lestrade? This is no time to fool around."
Greg                            "A package that was delivered. It's in the living room if you want to take a look." I grumbled as I got helped up by John, my smile faint as I told John it was fine, I was fine. I smoothed out my suit again and took him back to the kitchen where he could calm down with a cuppa.
Greg                             "Mycroft… What's going on?" I muttered as I tried to stabilise myself, it feeling like the room was spinning and my vision was still blurred. I was aware however that my shirt had been taken off.
Greg                             "And we could have done that with urgency at New Scotland Yard. You just think we're of no fucking use because of regulations." I scoffed and slammed my mug down on the living room table, ignoring the hot tea on my hand and went for the door to swing it open.
Greg                             I sip my tea again as I think it over and finally come to words that won't be shouted. "I was pissed with him because for the last 5 days, he's cut himself off and gone off by himself. Investigating the new 4 bodies and even said he could get information more reliable and quicker than I could so I told him to fuck off then. Plainly. For him to be my guest."
Mycroft                       I have given you every detail I got from the baby. And to be perfectly honest with you, I need to be away from you right now… before I say something I can't take back.” I look at him coldly
Mycroft                     I settle in front of the computer, turning the screen so both Greg and I could watch. I scrolled through the images, finally settling on the footage from the Blackfriars Bridge. "We can narrow down the timeframe... starting with the footage taken after the bank robbery."
Greg                            "It’s true. It’s true and I really want to help you Eurus, I do and you can help us by telling us where Sherlock is. We can organise something for your parents’ funeral... so you can see them." I started trying to soothe her by rubbing her side, speaking in a slow but comforting tone.
Greg                             I sat down in the chair opposite him and put my elbows on my knees to look at him. "I'm sorry for shouting at you. The way I spoke to you, that wasn't right of me." I said quietly.
Sharon Price          My tears soak into his shirt, clinging to him and babbling, "I came to visit her and thought I smelled smoke. I raced in and it was already so smoky and hot in there. I tried to get her out but... but..."
Greg                            "Let’s be a bit more posh." I chuckled at the thought of Mycroft chugging from the bottle of wine and it slid down my throat so easily and I had to really savour it. It was expensive wine. I then peeled back the top of the take-out boxes, seeing he'd bought my favourite, duck chow mein.
Mycroft                       We arrive at my home and I led Greg inside, showing him around the house. "I made arrangements to have some clothing, your toiletries, and a few other things brought from your flat. We can always go get more, if we've missed something important." I say, directing him to the guest room. "You are welcome to my office, if you need it... really, any room in the house is available to you.
Greg                            I see where Seb has turned his head around a console and decide to take the first shot that hits the console right by his face. I pull me and John behind another one, my heart pounding with Seb one arm down, he still had that accuracy on his side.
Greg                      "I think John would agree with me that you need both, and you need strength with what I haven't told you." I braved to say, knowing Mycroft said it wasn't my right but his brother needed to take the information in either way.
Sherlock               Huffing, I decide this position is awkward, starting to slide onto the bed next to John, jostling him over a little, "You were hurt."
Sherlock                   My eyes widen as the woman lists off all my favourite foods. "Impressive." I murmur, with a respectful little nod. "I hope you include the custard"
Sherlock                   "To be fair, I am not a natural parental figure." My throat clears, shuffling slightly to start looking in the backpack John was wearing when we entered, "I admit, I'm not even liked by adults. I don't take offense at your reaction to me Rose Marie."
Sherlock                   Glaring at the phone, I put it down, then sit on the rather narrow bed, staring at the drawers. Pull it open I see the pills, removing them and placing them on top. After a few seconds, my hand reaches towards the blue one.
Sherlock               I'm standing near the door, my skull clutched in my hands holding it high, a rather small and irate woman brandishing a cloth at me with a threatening look, "He doesn't need a wash and he doesn't need to be put away. Leave us alone"
John                            “It’s not funny. I do miss you. I’m so worried.” I reach out into the mist. He sounds so close.
Greg                             "I know they do but that's not the point. The child couldn’t consent, so you'd have to ask the parent, which you didn't do. And no, asking to hold him wasn't consent." I growled as I continued to drive and try to concentrate on the road rather than my rage at him for going behind my back.
Greg                            "Yeah, yeah, I think so. I'm not far from home so I can just sort out my car from there. Thanks anyway." I waved as I cautiously got out of the car and even though my body ached, I didn't have any immediate worrying pains. I found a road sign and knew I was just round the corner from Mycroft’s so began walking.
Greg                            "Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I didn’t realise I'd ordered from there so much that they knew." I grinned as I pushed my chair back a little bit to put my feet on the desk, it being a difference to the leftover pasta that I had in the fridge at home. It was also nice that he'd even asked.
Moran                        My lips curl back in a cocky, smug little grin, my voice a lazy drawl, "You really think I'll tell you and your little cockslut Holmes?"
John                            “That’s great! We were wondering if you’d be special too.” I give her a soft smile.
Mycroft                     I take the coffee from Greg gratefully. The hot, sweet drink helps ease my tremors a bit. "A submarine won't be necessary. Cover of darkness should suffice." I take a biscuit. "We will have to move quickly, though - it won't take much time for them to raise the alarm once we are inside."
John                            “What’s the next step? We just wait for Sherlock to contact us? Hope that he’s not dead?” My voice cracks a bit.
Mycroft                     I let Greg push me gently out of the way as he commandeered my computer, sending the screenshots off to his expert for rendering and research. "Now, we wait..."
Greg                             "It’s not that bad… is it?" I had to smirk cheekily and saw his face blush when he sensed that I was thinking about doing something explicit to him in bed. I brought his hand up to kiss it, it playing my mind to what would happen if once of us was injured.
Sherlock                     I spin around with a snarl, pointing at the cabinets, one of which is open to reveal a very dead body, "Go away. You're not Molly. You don't work here."
Sherlock                     My jaw drops open, the lit fag falling out and burning a hole in the hem of my hoodie, hands flying up to the bars on the slit. "No." My head starts to shake, eyes wide and skin paling, "Sally, no. He can't do that. Tell Mycroft he can't do that. I'm her father."
Sharon Price             My arms are suddenly flung around the DI, starting to sob loudly, "I told mum she should get that stove replaced. She never listened."
Greg                            "Not 100% sure but I think this is basically a dumped body and there was a bank robbery yesterday where somebody had gotten injured, blood all over the floor but they were gone by the time paramedics arrived." I explained with my own hands in my pockets.
Simon Campbell      "No, she didn't tell me anything. I thought she was just going out with her girlfriends. She's been home with Rowan all week, and said she needed a break for a couple hours... was going to meet a friend for dinner, she said." I sat on the sofa with my head in my hands. "She called a cab to take her to dinner - I assume she was planning on having some wine and didn't want to drive. When I didn't hear from her by midnight, I tried texting... and calling... and she never answered."
Mycroft                     "Haven't seen them in a while?" I could see the dark cloud pass over his expression for a moment.
Sherlock               "My John needs me!" I snap, bounding back to his side and wrapping his hand in both of my own, "What would you understand of love, brother mine?"
Greg                            I somehow found the sense to focus on what he wanted me to do and it wasn't even like it was my own hand. I shut my eyes to imagine it was his, feeling his other hand stroke my thigh as my muscles clenched and my breath was barely there.
Greg                            "Tell us what she's doing with you and Jim. Why did she kill their parents?" I push back on his shoulder in a hard jab and was keeping a lot calmer than I thought I'd be with Sebastian Moran in front of me. I met his eye, glaring with my jaw clenched.
Sherlock                   "What happened to your soldier? A confrontation with either my brother or the good DI." Something nags in the back of my mind, an echo from the dream. "It was Lestrade, wasn't it?"
Greg                             I ate my banana in the car and left his for when we were going to be heading to NSY since he was driving. I got out and didn't even bother knocking, the door open so Mrs. Hudson must have gone out and it meant I could head straight up to their flat.
Greg                            "I’m not a druggie, for fuck’s sake. I’m a detective inspector from Scotland Yard." I shout back at him and I shoot at him where he ducks around the corner. I look around for another point of cover, half crouching/half running over to follow him.
Moriarty               "Brilliant! You make it so easy to love you when you listen so well." What a perfect little fishy I've found. "I've been busy too. I suggested to the PM's maid that a few microphones would be easily hidden in Downing Street. She's not a fan of the new one." It's quite easy for me to plant an idea that one will think is their own. "A bit of money and now we have surveillance in every room."
Sherlock                     The papers Lestrade wanted are tucked safely into my coat. Seeing Sally with Rosie I begin to put phase two of my plan into action, the phase I never mentioned to my brother or even John. I affect a rather chilly, blank tone, "Sally. I hope Rosie hasn't been too much trouble?"
Greg                             "Just keep following me." I growled as I stood him up straighter, marching him in through the office where I see Sally and Anderson perk up. I explain to custody officers that I'll be booking Sherlock in and within half an hour, I got him booked into a cell with minimal fuss. Along with the pill to be tested at Bart’s.
Sherlock                     My eyes narrow a little, still gazing out of the window though, "You ask as many obvious questions as Rose Marie."
Sherlock                   "Weren't you listening to my odious brother?" My fingers slip into his smaller ones, "I know he's so easy to ignore but he was talking about our... your future just now."
Sherlock                     My shoulders slump, nodding, then I turn to Rosie, lifting my chin again, "Rose Marie Holmes. You were born while I was in America, a much younger and sillier man." Reaching for her coat, I hold it out to her. "I never knew about you till my brother was informed there was one of my offspring in the world. He brought you here and declared we live as a family."
Mycroft                       "I... I was overwhelmed." I stumble over my words a bit. "I isolated myself from you because I was unable to process any more emotions without risking my own stability."
Mycroft                       I nod to Sally grimly and she opens the door to the room where Sherlock is waiting. I can only hope I am right about his plan. "Brother..." I eye him as the door closes behind me. "Back to your old habits, I see.
Sherlock                   My fork stabs some green beans, keeping my head down and shoulders hunched, "You overlook something though, at least in playing your parts." I flick my eyes up to him, then down once more. "All I had to do was search my memories for the missing man. I observe everyone, so why couldn't I recall Molly's annoying boyfriend? Or the helpful supplier of my pills?"
Jim Moriarty          I laugh loudly as I tell Seb how perfect he is. "Oh, that is beautiful. I'm so proud of you." I move so I'm straddling his lap instead of just sitting on him. "How about the list I gave you? Did you get rid of all of them yet? We need those weak metas and non-metas killed so I can get my boys into position."
Mycroft                     I take a deep breath. "Eurus proved to be too dangerous... too unbalanced... to not be confined, so Uncle Rudy had her placed at Sherrinford. When I took his position, it was left to me to ensure she remained there."
Mycroft                     "A hospital might have been a good choice," I grumble, looking at the cut on his forehead. I strip off his wet jacket, and pull him into the study, pushing him onto the sofa and tucking a blanket around him, trying to help him warm up.
Greg                             "Any more risk then I'm already putting myself through? It would have made fuck all difference Mycroft and if you'd just talked to me, explained what you were doing, I would have understood." I ranted as I put the milk away and I didn't want him hurt but that wasn't the point.
Moriarty               "Sebby!" I jump into his arms the moment he arrives. "How did you do? How dead are they? Was it as fun? I wish I could've been there."
Mycroft                       "Mmmm. That's a thought, as a last resort." I stifle a yawn. "I fear I've over-extended myself a bit today... Irene is a lot stronger than she looks, to start with. I hate to abandon you, but I need more sleep." I kiss Greg on the temple and give his shoulders a squeeze.
Maybe you could pick out one of the books on anatomy and read it with your father while I'm out? -SH
Mary                     I hit the floor, gasping and holding my side, already feeling weak. I lift my hand to try and switch on my com but all I hear is static. Jamming device, my still-functioning brain supplies, even as my hand drops limply down to attempt to stem the flow of blood. "Seb...?"
Mycroft                     I am thrusting into him slowly, both of us moaning softly as we kiss. He wraps his legs around my hips, trying to encourage me to move faster, deeper, as he whimpers under me.
Rosie                           Once in my room I put in my head phones and rock out to some new Indie stuff I downloaded. When Locky gets home I'll ask him bout what Graham does.
Mycroft                     "Greg will do no such thing." I nearly snarl at Sherlock, as I move to follow John, my own gun now drawn. "Let's go, John."
Greg                             "Just head to Baker Street and we can work from there." I continued to hold his shoulder and I kept an eye on Sally for the next few days, what she was jotting down, who she was talking to and it was suspicious. On the Friday, I was feeling a bit unwell but decided to head over to Baker Street anyway to talk with Sherlock.
Mycroft                     "It's not about Moriarty, but his plot has brought the issue to light. " I nod. "All we can do is try. Are you willing?"
Greg                             "As long as it’s not going to overwhelm you." I caught my breath for a second and looked down at him, my hand from his hair moving to half cup his face. I smoothed my thumb over his cheek and saw him fighting something in his head.
Greg                            "God… Fuck... I forgot how good this was..." I muttered through biting my lip and my hand had moved to his hair to gently cascade through it rather than pushing him down further on my cock. My thighs were shaking already, my other hand scrunching the pillow beside me.
Sherlock                   "I'm very different, yes." There's a hint of wistfulness in my voice, before I pull out my phone, texting while speaking, "Being different gets you into trouble. Are you... different Rose Marie?"
Mycroft                       As Greg hurries to my office, I shake my head and walk into my bedroom, pulling out a warm jumper and jeans and getting dressed. When I enter my office, Greg is talking on his phone, taking notes as the person on the other end gives him information.
Mycroft                     "Curious" I wonder out loud. Finishing my coffee, I get to my feet. "Let me drop you by your office, then I will head to mine and start reviewing video. Hopefully, I will have the vehicle in question within an hour.
Mycroft                 "It is a sad state of things, indeed. I will need to speak to Dr. Watson and my brother, to begin making arrangements for her.
Moriarty                   "I would never!! Never ever never never." Holding out my pinky in front of my chest I offer him a pinky promise. "She'll be safe forever and ever more."
Mycroft                     "Stay where you are. We will send someone to bring you to us safely." I grumble at Greg through the comms unit.  "Sherlock, can we send one of these two" - nodding toward the two guards who had led us here - "to retrieve Greg?"
Mycroft                     I wrap my arm tighter around him, preventing his escape. I lay my hand lightly on his chest as he resettles on the bed grumpily. "I'm flattered. Very few people profess to enjoying my company, you know." I say with a smile.
Sherlock                     The chair goes flying backwards to clatter against the wall, my hands thumping down hard onto the thin table, "NO. I will do not such thing. I. Am. Not. High." Each word is growled in his arrogant, haughty face.
Mycroft                       "He has no family locally. I am willing to take charge of his care. I have access to a doctor, if needed, as well."
Mycroft                     "No, Moriarty, not all non-metas are like that. Your experience has been skewed by your own attitude." I say quietly. "Most people - meta or normal - tend to respond in kind to stimuli. When treated well, they respond well. When treated poorly..."
Rosie                          I arrived at Baker St hours ago. Mother had told me a little bit about my birth father, finally, in a video she left me. I had no idea he was unaware of me... Maybe he didn't not want me as I've assumed my whole life. Mother didn't seem to ever have time for me and neither did my older cousins who raised me. Good thing I had books. All I have in my backpack is a book about navigating London, a stuffed bee, two USBs Mother left me, and nothing else. I left everything in New York, nothing left there for me anyways. After waiting over half an hour, I was hit with jet lag, so I 'opened' the door to 221B. After a bit of exploring and fixing an obvious mistake in the order of the honey, I fell asleep on an old couch.
Greg                            "I know. I know, I’m so sorry..." I took the mask off when she flung her arms around me where I felt fine, my arms hugging her and doing the best I could to calm her down while the fire services finished with putting out the fire.
Mycroft                       I smile at the memory of Sherlock and I doing this very thing to our parents. "I see. And what else have you planned for your stay with me?"
Rosie                          "A shirt is fine. Maybe one of the giant's?" I put my bag down on the bed before I sit there myself. "Which one are you? A Doctor or a Soldier? You don't look like a Soldier."
Moran                        Panting, I strain again the restraints, barking, "Jim has plans for you two. Eurus is going to get rid of you Iceman and fuck your DI till she grows tired of him. Then she'll just hand him over to Jim to do what he likes. Maybe Jim will have Sherlock kill you, right, Lestrade? A nice test of loyalty."
Greg                             I work through the paperwork for Sherlocks misdemeanor of possession of drugs and then perhaps dealing it. I opened the little slit of the cell, seeing him look up. "I'm gonna have to leave you in here for tonight but me and Mycroft will be back in the morning." I explained.
Greg                             "I like this dominant Mycroft." I smirk as he climbs on top of me and he'd also made work of his own clothes, it meaning we were at full access to whatever he had in his own bedroom drawers. I was curious to what he had other than lube and the dark look in his eye turned me on even more.
Mycroft                       I open a drawer of my desk, and pull out a package of jaffa cakes, tossing them at my brother. "You think I'm wrong."
Jamie                           "One way to find out. Wanna try it?" I hand him the pill and a bottle of water.
Moran                        My teeth grit, spitting, "I've no idea about Sherlock. I just helped bring him to the Holmes Manor so he could see what Jim and Eurus were capable of. Then Jim took him away. I was stuck with that psycho bitch of a sister until I could get away to check on the warehouse."
Mycroft                       "I spent most of the time talking to the families of missing metas.  There have been at least a dozen reported to the Meta-Human office in the past two weeks. I don't know they've all been reported to NSY. In each case, the meta has a particularly strong or rare ability, and was last heard from just before leaving to - and I quote - 'meet a friend for dinner.' None of the friends knew the name of this dinner companion, or where they were meeting. The missing meta kept everything secret."
Greg                      "I'll see you then. Text me the address." I swept past him and called back down the corridor, needing something proper to eat as the chips had been abandoned when John had woken up.
Sherlock                   My eyes narrow, playing with my own knife and fork before starting to eat slowly so I don't make my rumbling stomach revolt. My eyes sweep over him, noting that even after attempting to observe him details are still missing, hazy, a blank outline of a face that only becomes filled in with I concentrate on staring at him. Finally, I turn my attention back to my food, sighing, "Clever. No wonder you were able to play so many parts so well."
Greg                      "No, no, not yet. They've got him on life support but his blood pressure is still there… low but there." I sighed and shoved my hands in my pockets, looking in on Sherlock with his head on Johns hand, asleep.
Sherlock                   My gaze goes to the screen, nodding, "I could teleport to him now but what good would that do? In fact, it may just make the lift fall faster?"
Greg                             "As will I..." I murmured and with the metas going missing along with the metas in the hospital, I needed to start narrowing down the area where the strong metas could be grouping together. Evidence to place them somewhere and bait to lure them out.
Greg                             "Not too early. We have to make it believable and like I dragged you there to bail him against your will rather than you rushing there." I lean on my hand and I'm not smiling yet, it being a whole thing in my head where I was planning to get him detoxed again and supporting Mycroft through it too.
Jamie                           Oh, the beliefs of addicts... So cute! So lost... Swim little fishy, swim
Mycroft                     "First off, you need to play the role of the grieving friend. As far as anyone knows, John is dead, and we need to maintain that illusion for now. Has he left Baker Street since yesterday?
Sherlock                     "He is… he was my world." His touch makes my skin crawl, but I keep still, concentrating on the pill. "He was my conductor of light."
Greg                            I let out a long groan as it had been a long time since someone had given me head, my hand squeezing his shoulder to reassure him that he was doing well, even if he couldn't touch me with his bare hands. Although, the gloves could come into this
Sherlock                   Standing, I wobble a little, clutching the drawers before snatching my hand away as if burnt. The grip on my phone tightens, before I rush out of the room and into the hallway, knowing the way so well. I had walked it so many times after all. As I hurry towards the grand staircase, I text once more:
John                             “It’s Greg. Jesus...” I enter from the kitchen with a cup of tea and sit in my chair.
Greg                            "G-good..." I stammered slightly as my face burnt, wishing he'd just look up at me and kiss me already. I'd been trying to be subtle about how I felt towards him with coming here after a car crash, cuddling up with him.
Greg                            I hadn't been able to find a good enough coffee machine anywhere that I'd been pacing so gave it time before I went back to Seb's hospital room. "All good?" I mainly asked Mycroft but also directed it a little to Seb too.
Mycroft                       I chuckle as he nearly slides off my lap in his efforts to get my belt off. I quickly wrap my arms around his waist, and pull him close, gasping a little as we grind against each other. "Perhaps the sofa is not the best location for this..."
Greg                             "It's Moriarty and it proves that Sally or Anderson or both of them have been feeding information to him. About me, about you. About what's going on." I put down the postcard and rubbed my face with both hands, anger in my voice as I thought they were trustworthy colleagues.
Mycroft                       I chuckle darkly. "A certain, silver-haired detective inspector," I murmur in his ear, as I slowly press into him. I nip his shoulder as we both moan with pleasure.
Mycroft                     I feel him tense, arching his back as the first taste of salt hits my tongue. I swallow quickly, continuing to stroke him with my lips and tongue as he twists and moans under me. When he finally shudders to a stop, he gently pulls his prick from my mouth, looking at me tenderly.
Greg                             My face burns like a tomato as he pushed me away and I glared at the floor, embarrassed that I'd just jumped on him like that. "I'm... sorry... I don't know why I did that." I said quietly.
John                             I turn my head to meet Sherlock’s lips, still looking back at Greg and Mycroft. “You thought it was real and you still took him in? Without calling me first?”
Sharon Price             My head rests on his shoulder, closing my eyes and starting to sob, softer now, "I'm so sorry about your flat."
John                            “It’s Greg. He was shot. There was a lot of blood.” His voice comes from a different side of me now, so I try and move towards it.
Rosie                          "Pics or it didn't happen!" I laugh at his discription of John and the toilet. I take pictures of Sherlock and the living room. I'll show her my room later. The phone beeps in reply. "Hey, Gigantor, she wants to know what to call you..." She actually didn't ask but I don't want to keep calling him Gigantor and don't know what's ok.
Greg                             "No... Let’s move.." I chuckled slightly and finally got his shirt off of him when he stood up. I threw it over the chair, dragging him by his gloved hand into the bedroom and it looked like it had barely been slept in because it hadn't. I'd been dozing on the sofa or at work.
Greg                            I sit with a number of screens in front of me where we'd strapped cameras to John and Mycroft but also cameras above so we could use thermal imaging to find heat sources. With the added distraction across the island, there were few guards around where Sherlock was, and we knew where Moriarty was.
John                             Giving Rosie a questioning look about her attitude before looking back at Sherlock. “Umm... Honorable. But maybe a bit not good...”
Sherlock                     Her comment makes me chuckle, the car stopping at Baker street. I get out and hold the door for her once more, "Your father will be proud of how well you done today."
Greg                            My desires came into my head which doesn’t normally happen when I have sex with Mycroft. I imagined his voice in my ear whispering as if I was his assistant, wanting to be banged against his desk because I'd been teasing him all day. Needed to be taught a lesson.
Mycroft                     "I can understand. I have little control over my own abilities, in truth. Without the gloves, I can be quickly overwhelmed." I nod sadly. "But at least I've found a way to avoid that."
John                             “Yes they do. That’s where they are taking him.” I head into the kitchen. “What sounds good for dinner?”
Sherlock               My hands smooth down the front of my suit, going straight to John and starting to check his vitals, before clasping his hand once more, throwing a suspicious look at my brother, "What were you two talking about?"
Greg                            "Focus." I laugh as we walk in the door and find John sitting in the living room watching the TV. I spotted Rosie on the floor doing a drawing of some sort, both of them looking up as we walked in and our blogger didn't seem any less grouchy than before. He almost looked disgusted at our laughing.
Sherlock                   Glancing away, I nod, my voice slightly husky, "Let me consider? I'm unsure if I trust my brother now with her safety. Not now I know what he had done, in the past and now, to our sister."
Sharon Price          The fire burns brighter as I wave away the attentions of the medics, instead rushing towards Lestrade, "That was so brave. Is... is she all right?" My eyes are large and scared under my heavy brown fringe, turning to watch the medics work with shaking hands trying to reach for any comfort I can find
Sherlock               "John... I need to get to John." I attempt to vault over Lestrade, trying to head for the emergency exit of the plane even though we're several thousand feet in the air
Greg                            "I think after you pointed out that my powers aren't as well-controlled as I thought, I've had to rethink having children. and I don’t think me and Caroline were okay for the last year and a half of our marriage anyway." I admitted, still feeling wary of whomever I spoke to with my powers manifesting and it did make me feel self-conscious.
Moriarty                   I take his pinky and link it with mine. "I give you my word that Rose Marie Holmes will never be hurt by my hands. I will protect her life with my very own." By this time, we have reached the kitchen.
Mycroft                     "Not uncomfortable... just unfamiliar. You'll need to be a bit patient with me..." I blush.
Greg                            "Funny that because we have CCTV of your car at the scene of a robbery and since nobody can back up your alibi, I can only assume it’s you driving... waiting for them to come out and we can link you to one Sebastian Moran." I brought out more CCTV photos out and saw him go even paler.
Sherlock                   "Gemma here is pretty smart for a police man." I start hopping around eagerly, sweeping my sheet through the slight sheen of dirt on the floor that Hudders missed in her weekly 'not your housekeeper' rampage with a hoover. "I let him give me access to all the best crime scenes."
Mycroft                     "Good morning, John. How are things with your daughter? I see Sherlock is adapting well..."
Mycroft                     I rise to my feet, car keys in hand. "Let's go, then. The techs can call us if they get anything else."
Sally                            "Well, we’re not sure of the ins and outs exactly but him and his friends Mary and Seb were searching the building to make sure it was safe, but they must not have seen the hidden bomb. Or at least, that's what we've been told." I gave her a clean tissue and I was sympathetic to her situation.
Seb                        I turned myself over, so I was now facing him, my feet flat on the bed. “What do you want me to do?" I asked quietly and could feel my back sticking to the sheets due to the oil.
Greg                             I roll my eyes and I can feel the anxiety coming from Mycroft and myself in the car. We were let in by Mrs. Hudson and saw Sherlock flying up the stairs to 221B, me and his brother slowly climbing the stairs with trepidation.
Greg                            "When have you had a woman in your office? Apart from Anthea?" I raise an eyebrow quicker than I could register myself doing it, not even feeling the jealousy in my voice or expression until Mycroft smirked at me to then put his hand over mine. I was just generally curious.
Greg                            "No, I don't think he got as far as the note." I say quietly as he stood straight again as if the last 5 days hadn't happened. It sounded like I was a ridiculous schoolgirl, like some jealous partner but he'd just ghosted me, and I'd wanted to smack him round the face for the last 3 days.
John                            “Yeah he did. He’s got a nice view of the ocean, actually.” I snort a bit, remembering the room Sherlock was being kept in.
Greg                             I jump at him snapping and spot him rubbing his temples so I do sit down, folding my arms on the island and worrying my lip again. It was a hard decision and it was one that we couldn't fuck up for the sake of the victims and Sherlock’s safety.
Sherlock                     As soon as we emerge from the flat my whole appearance changes, slouching over, hands in my pockets, shifty eyes passing from Lestrade to my brother. My face scrunches to appear meaner, crafty and stubborn. I have to be manhandled into the car as I struggle a little
Sherlock                     I seem to find what I'm looking for, waving a pen around and slipping it into my pocket, stepping back onto the coffee table and pausing, looking at John thoughtfully, "Well that won't work, will it?"
John                             “He’s resting right now. Maybe when he gets up. Do you wanna go down stairs for a snack or something?”
I'll visit once you've relaxed. take a few pills. I'll have your old friend delivered to your room if you prefer the needle version.
Mycroft                     John's eyes follow Greg as he stomps out the door, grabbing his coat as he leaves. "John, you need to see this." I hand him the note.
Greg                             "A trap is risky, Sherlock. You might have identified the pattern with Moriarty but it’s about Seb is well... a huge group of powerful metas.  We need to calculate this properly." I said as he kept pacing around the living room and I wiped my face tiredly. I felt like I needed a kip, John wandering over in front of me.
Greg                            My hair was everywhere and I stunk of cigarettes by the time I got back to Mycroft’s and found some cold pizza in the fridge, taking out one slice so I know at least I've had something. I catch John just as he finishes putting Rosie to bed. "Hey, can I talk to you for a minute?" I ask.
Mycroft                       "It is just the first step on a slippery slope, Sherlock. we both know where it leads." I sit back and clear my throat. "You are booked on the last flight to Switzerland tonight, and will be spending the next 6 months in a rehab center there.  I will, of course, be taking you to Baker Street so you can pack and say your good-byes.”
Moriarty                   "Mine was a pure Soldier. A perfect fishy." But... That was the past. Time to move on. "Now that leaves you plenty of room to take over as my 2nd in Command."
Mycroft                     "That's for tea, not wine," I roll my eyes with a grin. "And I can't do it, either." I lay my hand flat on the table, palm up, inviting him to lay his hand on mine.
Mycroft                       I consider a moment. "When I'm with you, I feel... safe. Secure. Perhaps that memory came to you because of my emotional state."
Sherlock                     My eyes narrow, glancing around. There's still some who have their attention on me, blocking my way out. With a small smirk my eyes shift upwards, before blinking out of sight, reappearing above their heads, clinging to a balcony of the flats and swinging my legs over it.
Moran                        There's plain relief in my voice, barking into the phone, "Where the fuck have you been? I've been ringing you for ages. The pigs are right on my heel and I need an extraction"
Sherlock                   "He won't be busy later. Once my pesky brother has cleared off." Watching her, I begin to feel a whisker of discomfort, recalling our argument the night before and her threats to leave once more. "Maybe you could tell me about this Harold person as I set up your laptop?"
Sherlock                     "I wish you to be with me though." Using his hand, I pull him closer, "I'm not whole without my Watson by my side John."
Sherlock                   The kettle is slammed onto its base, the button pressed to boil it, before two mugs are pulled off the draining board, "Start talking, brother mine."
Sherlock                     Inhaling the first puff causing my hands to jitter slightly, the rush of the nicotine through my system, snapping, "Do I look ok?"
Greg                            "Sure. But I don't know if I can stick my pinky out that far." I laughed with him and stuck out my pinkie from my coffee mug. I loved the way his eyes lit up, his smile making my chest warm.
Greg                            "I'm not jealous. I was just... curious. That was all." I waved my free hand but still saw that smirk, knowing he wanted to know about the engagement before Caroline. I'd never told anybody about that before and it had just felt so natural to share more things with him that I would usually hide away.
Mycroft                     "Poor kid... he got caught up with the wrong person, it seems..." I shake my head.
Mycroft                     I raise an eyebrow and stare at him as he snatches a clump of noodles with his chopsticks. "Don't you have enough food?" I ask.
Greg                      "I know but you'll need to talk to him about it when he wakes up. Decide what you want to do." I nodded in agreement, sitting back a little and I watched Sherlock’s body language with how he was taking it all in.
Mycroft                       I feel Greg stir beside me, and hum contently, snuggling against his warmth.
John                            Mycroft and Greg disappear upstairs so I head back into the guest room, shutting the door. Feeling rather irritated that the progress for finding Sherlock was stalled again, I flop down into the bed. My mind kept drifting back to the dreams I had with Sherlock in them. He had felt so close and real but so far away at the same time. Thinking hard about the white misty room and Sherlock’s breath on my ear, I end up drifting off.
Greg                            "Nice to see you too Sherlock." I sigh as he swung the door open and his face looked as miserable as somebody can be. I followed him up the stairs, just needing to get away from the office where everyone kept asking me whether I was alright.
Sherlock                   My breath catches, sweeping John behind me to block the line of sight with my own body, drawing myself up, "Oh hello there Jim." My tone is mild, polite, "So good of you to join us."
Mycroft                       "He's already on the path - not much we can do about it now but protect him as best we can." I shrug helplessly.
Mycroft                     "Your research was correct, by the way. I knew you'd been injured well before I reached John. Poor Rosie had to cope with me..."
Sherlock                     The anger drops from my face, shaking my head, "It was just once. Just a little pill to ease the pain. To help me forget."
Greg                      I grab Sherlock and even though he kept pacing, we managed to land safely and already found a car waiting for us from Mycroft. My heart sunk when we got to the site and I ran after Sherlock as he hauled himself from the car to start throwing rubble around.
Mycroft                     "Not forever. Just for a while. Rest." I pull him down, resting his head on my chest as my eyes start to close.
Mycroft                     "What? He had no idea who she was until I told him... when I read him." I snapped.
Mycroft                     I look up at Sherlock suddenly. "The simplest solution is often the best."
Moriarty               We cuddled for a bit as I trailed patterns on his torso. "Tell me again, Sebby... Tell me how you killed them..." I drift off to sleep with sweet images of dead bodies covered in rubble.
Greg                             "Anybody who buys me or makes me food is in my good books already and this is all the stuff from the bodies and I brought in a white board, so we can write stuff down. Link things together with what you've found." I grinned at first and then waved at the board, there being some grievance in my office, but I soon shut it down.
Mycroft                       I give him a broad smile, and nod slowly. "You no longer have a choice in the matter, brother.”
Mycroft                     I feel Greg stir, my arm around his chest and my face buried in the back of his neck.
Mycroft                     I hesitate a bit - there was really no way I can help him strip off his wet clothing without touching his bare skin at some point, "Um... let me get you a towel..." I quickly get up and head to the bathroom for dry towels.
Sally                            "I'm not married no, I'm just smart enough to be a police officer without having powers. Thank you very much." I say a little too angrily so soften my expression where she was looking a little concerned. That's when Sherlock appeared again from where I assumed he'd been speaking with Anderson or some other officer about a case while Lestrade is on sick leave.
Sherlock                     There's a bitterness in my voice, spitting out, "Sally is still watching us."
Mycroft                     "Sherlock asked me to bring a phone... I assume for the girl. And, I wanted a chance to meet her, once the initial shock had worn down a bit."
Sherlock                   My breath still comes rasping and weak, but my hands flutter at John, awake enough to feel his kisses all over my face but still not conscious enough to do anything about them.
Sherlock                   My brows raise sharply, "Just how high is she in the 'other' organisation?"
Greg                             I had stood up to get a drink of water, not hearing Mycroft come in as I was stood against the worktop. Little soldier boy for Mycroft, how fucking childish. John needed to step up and suck it up with what was going on and now he was being moved so he should be grateful. He could have asked Mycroft at any time about what was going on.
Greg                             I parked up and sat in silence with him, folding my own arms. "I won't be a boss to you, needing consent before you do anything but if you're planning to do something, like reading a child, you tell me. I didn't have to give you all that information on the missing people. I didn't have to show you that speed cam photo until tech had zoomed in and cleared the picture, but I did. I did because I trusted you, but it seems that means fuck all to you."  I ranted and got out of the car, slamming the door and just leaving him there. I didn't give a shit if my car was unlocked.
Greg                            "Sure. Sounds good." I blushed a little but wandered out in front of him, my hand holding the door and our hands brushed again where Mycroft was then holding it for a old woman behind him.
Sherlock                   A little tension bleeds from me, nodding, "He has to be patient. He's worked with me for several years now." My lips quirk up in a lopsided smirk
Sherlock                   Taking a breath, I nod, then focus on the countdown, "There must be something we can do to stop whatever happens when that countdown reaches zero. Moriarty always leaves a way out. It's all a game..." My attention drifts around the room
Mycroft                       I can feel his sadness, some jealousy. "A foolish statement. Powers are not gender-based." I relaxed into his touch. "At least you chose a worthy profession and can make use of your power in it."
Mycroft                     As Mrs. Lipton slips out the door, it closes quietly. Sherlock returns to my side, about to say something, when we both jump at a loud clank - the security doors have been engaged.         All the screens in the room go to static for a moment, then resume broadcast, but not the same as before. On the small screens, we have a feed of Greg and John in the lift and of the hallway outside the control room. On the large screen, Moriarty's smiling face appears once again.
Dave the Druggist       "Get me help, please. It hurts." I curl in a little, my gun well out of reach and honestly scared. I suddenly feel the urge to confess all I can, "I just work here for Mr... Mr..." for some reason the name of my boss escapes me. I try again, "I'm just a chemist by trade. I fulfill the orders that come in and help test the purity of the products."
Sherlock                   My nose crinkles a little at her wording, "This is my John," I indicate John and then look at Mycroft was a trace of resignation, "And Mycroft, my brother. Don't try and read what he wants to eat unless you want to chain yourself to an oven for the next twenty years attempting to cook every food in the world."
Sherlock                     Suddenly I want to ask John if that's wise, but he's busy attempting to check over Lestrade. Instead I turn to Rosie and shake my head, "Maybe...in your room? Or you could go and select a book from my bookcase in my room to read?"
Sherlock                     That makes my nose crinkle, looking up from the dead body that I was sniffing for some reason, "Of course I am."
John                             I try and stifle a chuckle. “Right. Anyway. A human bite is dirty enough on its own. Mixed with mud and water from the Thames… infection.” I gesture to Greg with my hand to illustrate my point.
Sherlock                     "I did not have drugs!" I come alive again, sitting up and barking the words out in irritation. "You're over reacting."
Greg                            "It’s hardly being brave. I’m a police officer so it’s just in my instincts." I say modestly with another smile, feeling my chest tighten again as they got her mother into the ambulance to take her to the hospital where she could then have a confirmed reason for death.
Eurus                         I flop down in the chair, then wrinkle my petite little nose, "I don't like this chair anymore. I don't like this room. This wasn't how it was meant to go."
John                            We pull up to Baker Street and find the front door shut but unlocked. That’s odd. I know I had locked it. I give Sherlock a funny look before starting to climb up the stairs.
John                            “Well, we were a bit late. Took us long enough to get here.” I shrug.
Sherlock                   I'm rather annoyed when I discover myself in that strange, misty half land of dreams instead of my mind palace. "This is not where I want to be." I huff loudly, putting my hands on my hips and turning, missing the way my coat swirls around me. The short suit jacket Moriarty provided doesn't have the same effect
Mycroft                     I blush furiously. "I've always hated them... found them embarrassing, even..." He sits up and strips off his sweatshirt and shirt, revealing his bare, broad chest. My fingers itch to touch him, to stroke down his muscular abdomen... I twist my fingers into the sheets around him with a whine, as I lean down, my lips brushing over his collar bone.
Greg                            "I wanted to go out on my own... sort of a private business to deal with meta crime... or anything like this. I just don’t think I’m fitting into the Yard anymore with their opinions on metas... humans..." I waved my hand, sitting up more against the headboard.
Greg                             "I... I don’t know.  Have a look by the bed." I turned and frowned a little, not even knowing that he'd taken them off and thought about buying him a pair as an emergency in case he lost his normal leather ones.
Greg                            "I’m going either way, Myc. I’m not letting you and John go by yourselves and I have one fully working arm anyway." I glare up at him and I am normally just as bad as he is when it comes to this sort of thing. We were both stubborn as shit.
Mrs. Lipton             I take a bit from the half toast he gave me to buy some time. "Sarah, my sister, she had a heart attack a few weeks ago."
Greg                      I show my badge to the rescue teams so I could be shown through, my hands not even attempting to keep Sherlock back as I started shoving rubble around where he'd been chucking things out of the way. "John? Can you hear us?" I kept shouting.
Greg                            "Hey, you don't make decisions for me here. I am perfectly fine to go in with John to clear the room." I push past both of the brothers, holding my gun expertly and when the cook had opened the lock, I was the first to kick it open and shoot two guards down that hadn't even had time to look up from their guns to even attempt to shoot us. John got the third that had come out of the bathroom.
Greg                      I heard Sherlock’s voice from upstairs and pushed past Mycroft to head in, jumping up the stairs and sure it was something simple but with John recovering, it could be anything.
Sherlock                   "Bees like roses." I immediately supply. "Wild roses at least, unlike the modern breeds."
Mycroft                     "Now if only he could work himself past worrying over me." I gave John a lop-sided grin. "It's supposed to be my job to worry over him, after all."
Mycroft                     "It's all right... I understand... I'm sorry..." I lean forward and kiss him softly. My hands remain tightly curled in his shirt.
Greg                             "No, no, John, I don't want alcohol. I just need some sleep." I pushed John's hand away and I was confused to why he was offering me something like vodka with tablets. Tablets that looked like small batteries to me.
Mycroft                     "So... the bank robbery. It appears Seb was not there, but with his connection to the Thames victim, I suspect he was involved." I say. I know I'm hiding behind our professional connection, but personal interactions are not something I'm good at dealing with.
Sally                            I pat his shoulder again. "Relax Sherlock. My friend’s got a lot of power. More power than your brother ever dreamed of."
Greg                            I listened intently as he finally confessed, and it was linking up to CCTV, what we already know. "Then what happened after the guy was thrown over the bridge?" I asked with Oliver’s eyes still on Mycroft.
John                            “Oh, yeah. Sure.” I lead him into the sitting room where Rosie and Sherlock are still in huddled in front of the laptop.
Sherlock                     My hand is on the handle, but I hesitate, "I have also not been blameless in his life. Imagine having a drug addict for a brother, when you have that kind of power." I wince at another powerful memory, before opening the door, "His defense is to push you away. Don't let him. Please."
Greg                            "Thank you. You didn’t have to do all this." I blushed slightly, taking the chance of when he had his back turned making himself toast, I quickly pulled on the trousers and plain shirt. The suit was a colour I didn’t realise I had but tucked the shirt in, slipping the waistcoat on and I glimpsed at the mail I had.
Moriarty                   Walking slowly, I whistle the same lullaby I sang to Sebby last night. "I had to attend a funeral for a good man, a good soldier, and the best pet I could ever want."
Sherlock                   For a long moment I wonder when John's voice got so high and squeaky, before jumping, turning to stare at the child
Sherlock                     Stalking towards the muddy banks where the body was found I pause, sweeping over Lestrade and then narrowing my eyes. I was getting all kinds of mixed clues off him. Something about him screamed 'Mycroft' but there was a hard look to his eyes and a tightness to his body that conflicted with that
Greg                             "Thank you. I need someone to discreetly grab evidence from my office, Sally is unfortunately working with Moriarty and Sebastian and she's still creeping around. I think Anderson is on it too." I was tired, but two days of little work wasn’t getting us anywhere.
Sherlock               "We don't need shifts. He has me." My lower lip slides out a little, then I shift and get comfortable besides the bed once more. "John will wake soon anyway."
Mycroft                     "Are you now?" I grin, licking one final stripe up the length of his cock as I rise to my feet, still stroking him as I press him up against the wall, kissing him roughly.
Mycroft                       "I'm actually fairly good with young children." I reply quietly, pulling my bare hand out of my pocket and slipping my glove back on.
Greg                            I gaped at him for a moment before holding his hand tightly and thinking about my favourite memory of Mycroft. It was the first time I saw him laugh. It was when Sherlock had been at a crime scene, waving his hands around like he normally does, and one went straight through a wall. Of course, I'd filmed it and the way his eyes had lit up just made my heart stop.
Mycroft                     "Perhaps, John, the three of you should do a bit of shopping? I understand that Miss Watson's suitcase did not make the trip with her?"
Mycroft                       "Pills are not his usual choice..." I wonder aloud. "Perhaps there is more to this...  Who is on duty tonight?"
John                            “I’ll be fine. I’ll make sure I have help. I promise. I won’t leave you here.” Pressing a few kisses into his neck, I relax into his arms.
Mycroft                       I walk into Greg's department, ignoring the perplexed stare of the other officers as I breeze past their desks and knock lightly on Greg's closed office door, opening it when I hear him respond. I quietly close the door behind me and set a bag from the sandwich shop Greg had mentioned in front of him. "No wine, unfortunately. Coffee will have to suffice." I smile.
Greg                            With Eurus' hand no longer around my neck, I'd half collapsed to my knees gasping for breath. I watched what Mycroft had done to get Eurus off of me and I was now hovering over him, saying his name as I felt the weakness he had from reading his sister who was quite powerful.
Mycroft                       Moving to lay beside him, I nuzzle against his neck softly. "Welcome back..." I sigh. "That was... intense. I very nearly experienced your climax along with my own."
Rosie                          I look back and forth from the two guys as I poor milk in my bowl of cereal. Not paying attention I spill some. "Sorry! Sorrysorrysorry! I didn't mean to I swear. I'll clean it up!" Bee falls out of my lap as I hunt the kitchen looking a towel.
Mycroft                     Greg and I follow John up the stairs to 221B. Surprisingly, John found the door was unlocked.
Sherlock                     I throw my full weight against the door, voice coloured with anguish, "Please, I've already lost everything with John. She was meant to be a second chance."
Oliver                         "I... We had a few dates in the past month. Nothing serious and I... Jesus, I hoped we could..." my blush disappeared instantly as I just realised the truth, the whole new aspect of the past few days "Bloody fucking hell... Sorry Mr. Holmes... I hoped just last week we can have a serious relationship. Thank God we didn't..."
Mycroft                     "There's an address. Isn't this near where you picked him up?" I showed Greg the address on the phone.
Sherlock               There's no answer from the door, but there's sounds from upstairs, my voice floating down, "No. No! I refuse."
Greg                            "Will you ever get annoyed with me saying that I don't need this? I'm warming up already." I said softly as I'd sat up against the headboard, fighting tiredness where it was nearing 9pm and I didn't sleep well anyway. I was still shaken a little from the car crash.
Sherlock                   "That's perfect." I nod to her, offering a reassuring smile, "It will make the guards a little sleepy. Not enough to be suspicious but enough to slow their reactions. Maybe add some to every meal starting tomorrow? That way it can build up in their systems"
John                      I gasp at the cold ice on my neck. I take some more ice from his fingers and swallow again. “Were we on a case?”
Greg                             I leant forward so one of his legs could be swung over my shoulder, my clean hand smoothing over his chest where he looked so nervous and I tried to transfer calmness over to him when he put his hand over mine. It was longer than just a brush and while he was sorting through my emotions, I brushed the lube over his hole to tease it with the tip of my finger.
Sherlock                     Tugging on my jacket over my favourite purple shirt, I burst into the living room, checking my phone, "At last!"
Seb                        I sit up and wrap my arms around his torso, leaving a few bites of my own along his shoulder but placed them where they could be easily covered. I thrusted up into him as hard as he was riding me and could feel his fingers running through my hair were pulling at it to keep us close together. I wasn't even focusing on my own pleasure.
Mycroft                     "I'm not so sure, John. There is no way that you - or my brother, for that matter - would know the name Sherrinford. Moriarty would know, having freed Eurus, and if he has Sherlock..." I stroke my chin, wondering how this connection between them was even possible.
Mycroft                       "Yes... that was before my ability had fully manifested. I was just a child - not special. Sherlock was very young, and we were very close. It was the two of us against the world." I smile fondly at the memory.
John                            Rolling my eyes, I grab the box and Rosie and I disappear into the sitting room.
Moriarty                   "No... That would be mean. I only experiment on the weak ones or the filthy little humans." Sebby uses to do those tests. It was a treat for him.
Greg                      "Why will it not be continued? Because of Mary's death?" I asked between bites of a biscuit and felt sorry for the little girl who had no idea who John was. Who'd just lost her mother too.
Greg                      I sat and replied to a couple work emails, stepping out when Sherlock fell asleep again so I could have a fag outside. My suitcase had just been dumped at home by Mycroft’s minions and I needed a hot meal really to get my strength up.
Greg                            "Ask you what?" I raised an eyebrow and met his eye where his lips seemed to curve into a smile. I was now going to be very conscious about us talking, whether my power is manifesting itself.
Greg                            "Gruesome. Yeah." I sighed and waved that Sally could go on without me, my eyes looking back up to meet his again. I hadn't expected him to be here.
Mycroft                     Once we reach the shore, John and I pull the raft into a small alcove on the beach, partially hidden from view. We creep underneath a pathway built against the rocks, where guards are supposed to be stationed. Luckily, in the dark, we're not easy to see. I nod toward the end of the pathway, where there is a door, currently unattended.
Sherlock                   My face crunches up, "Why would she take after me? She has none of my genotype and she is already forming as a person. My input will be minimal." I pause, then glance at him in confusion, "You're not doing your... thing with me." My hand waves by my head.
Mycroft                     "Did you get the same panicked text from my brother that I did?" I ask, thinking about Sherlock's texts when they finally located John's daughter at 221.
Sherlock                     "I couldn't contact him one day on the phone. I went to his flat and found him catatonic on the floor, unresponsive." My eyes narrow at the memory, fist clenching. "I found out afterwards that Cameron had pressed the issue and forced my brother's hands around his genitals, ignoring what that would do to him with his power."
Mycroft                     "That was... ok. Just not used to it, is all." I clarify. "It's only my hands..."
Sherlock                   My knee jerk reaction is to pull away but somehow, I hold myself still, stiff and lips pursing, but allowing the brotherly touch, something we haven't done in many years.
Rosie                           Pushing my plate away I fidget with the napkin before I ask the big question. "And now... Would you want me now...?" I stare at the honey pot on the table and hold my breath while I wait for an answer.
Sherlock                     "Gerald." I call, starting to root through the desk, chuckling papers on the floor
Moriarty                   "Shurl-ly... Shurly shurly bo burly.... Banana fana mo murely... Where are you?" Entering his deluxe suite, I call out his name via a kids game and head for the library. "I see you."
Sherlock                   "Mmmm." I hum, moving closer to the sound of John's voice. "I'm unsure how to proceed. I had my homeless network in place to assist me but, by isolating me like this, I'm going to have to try something more desperate to contact you."
Moriarty                   Sighing, I try not to react to the venom in his voice. "Sebby Seb Seb. You're forgiven. I was done with her anyway. We'll talk about this when you get home safe and sound."
Mycroft                     "Fuck..." I gasp out as he took me into his mouth. I thrust up into his hand as his tongue flicks lightly over my hard flesh. "Like that... just... like that... god..." I babbled encouragingly.
My family is very good at blowing things apparently. Almost disappointed with how well do it really.
Moriarty               I reached back and placed the head of his cock at my opening. As slowly as possible I sink down until he's almost all the way in. With about an inch left I collapse onto him hard.
Mycroft                     "Even so, we don't want to alert him to what we know. I suspect his reaction will be swift and severe. We cannot act until we have ALL the information."
Sherlock                   My hands clutch the phone, staring at it. Suddenly my grand plan of sauntering into Moriarty's organisation and overthrowing it doesn't seem so much fun. My chest tightens, tears starting to track their way down my cheeks as I kneel in the house of my childhood and death. My fingers move stiffly, typing out:
John                             My face falls, but then I steel myself, standing up a bit straighter. “Tonight? You’re leaving again?”
Mycroft                       I shiver as Greg's hand moves to my thigh. I am now completely ignoring the movie.
Doctor                        "You can see him now, Detective Inspector. He's pretty heavily sedated but should be awake enough to answer a few questions. Just try not to get him too agitated, please."
John                             Setting the pizza on the kitchen table, I turn up the stairs to my old room... now Rosie’s room. I rap on the door lightly. “Rosie... pizza’s here.”
Mycroft                     "Please..." My voice is hardly more than a whisper as he brushes against my straining erection. I grip the sheets tightly.
Greg                            My face drops and I fall back against the wall, balls of my hands going into my eyes where I'd basically been duped into giving a shit about her. Comforting her and I even had her number in my phone where I'd planned to meet her. It made me feel sick and made me wonder whether she had anything to do with the fire
Sherlock                   Nodding to John and my brother, I turn to the guards, "Take us to her. We'll keep our own weapons, if you don't mind, and follow behind you both." My tone is mild and polite, summed up with a rather shaky smile, made a little horrifying by the splatter of blood across my face.
Greg                            "You sound like you're talking to Sherlock when you say that." I had to say jokingly as I shimmied out of my boxers and had just slipped into the track pants when he half turned around. I don't know whether he saw anything, but I still looked down with a blush on my cheeks.
Sherlock                   "We also have hives on the roof." I add, starting to show an enthusiasm. "Just two but we only have space for two. We're lucky we have been allowed them also. Or rather I have," My sigh is deep and long suffering, "John is not taken by bees the same way I am."
Greg                            "We're leaving the hospital John, we need to get to Sherrinford right now. only 45 minutes by helicopter according to Mr. Medical approval here." I waved at Mycroft and wiped my arm also with the blanket, picking up the bag that they'd put all my clothes into.
Mycroft                       I let Greg pull me to my feet as he pulls my shirt the rest of the way off. Putting my arms back around his waist, I grab the hem of his t-shirt and quickly pull it off of him, discarding it. Breathless, he pulls me into the bedroom, kissing me roughly as he removes my belt and unbuttons my trousers.
Greg                             "Can you touch me?" I breathed as I arched my back, my hands on his shoulders to stay steady but they then moved down to his jeans to get his belt off. That would come in handy later, my own jeans being painfully tight.  I hadn’t even bothered putting boxers on underneath them.
Greg                            "Someone took a photo of me when I had that crash last night... and my car." I muttered, looking through the few large printed photos and then found the small note along with it. I knew damn well who it was from before even reading it.
Rosie                          Wow. Maybe it will be good here.  I reach into my backpack and pull out a USB. "Mother said to give this to you." I hand over the one that says "John". The one with "Rosie" I clutch in my hand. "I used the computer at school and watch a video Mary left for me." The USB also had info on John Watson including who he was and how to find him.
John                            “Complex? My dreams are usually more... tactile than this. I could show you if you would let me see you.” I feel myself spin around, my hands still reaching out.
Greg                             I turn my head towards him when I felt him shiver and saw his eyes half closed, not really watching the film and it made me frown. "Do you want me to put on something else?" I asked quietly and paused the movie for a moment.
Greg                             I tried to keep my grip not painfully tight as I walked him through New Scotland Yard and I breathed out in relief once I'd gotten him in the back to then sit in the passenger side of Mycroft’s car. I hated acting like that, my hand running through my hair
Mycroft                     I pull the wrists of my gloves self-consciously. "She will need guidance. Is John aware of her power, as well?"
John                            “Oh. Yes. Fuck.” His hand and mouth work me faster and faster. He gives one more hard suck and my orgasm hits and I’m spilling hotly into his mouth. I groan out a string of curses and his name before relaxing limply back onto the bed.
Mycroft                     "Eurus, while posing as his neighbor's daughter, gave Greg her phone number. We need to trace that number - see if we can locate the phone - which may take a while."
Greg                            "Hey. Can't get rid of me that easily." I said quietly against him as I was still shaking a little but held onto him with both arms. I love the feeling of him kissing up my neck, my lips somehow finding his in all of the chaos with Sherlock.
Mycroft                       I quietly open the bedside drawer, and select a somewhat slender, slightly curved wand. Taking the lube bottle in one hand, I drizzle some of the lube over the wand, and down his arse crack, using the wand to spread it over his hole. Slowly I push the tip of the wand into him, watching in rapt attention as it slides easily into him.
Sherlock                   Sitting down, I observe the woman thoughtfully, fingers steeped to touch my lip, "How is your sister Mrs. Lipton?"
John                            I’m in the kitchen setting the kettle to boil and starting on breakfast when I hear Rose coming down the stairs.
Greg                             I know she was trying to unnerve me and I merely pulled the file back, undoing the button on my jacket and sat back with the file on my lap. "Miss Adler… Born 26th August 1988. Grew up around Cornwall and then moved to Ireland up until 2 years ago when you moved to London." I read aloud.
Irene                           “No, actually I don’t. And no one else seemed to want to tell me before they hand cuffed me to this table.” I shake my wrist making the handcuffs clank against the metal bracket in the middle of the table. “Generally, I like being tied up... but only when I’m in control.” The last bit comes out as a purr as I look Salt and Pepper over. He swallows hard and I chuckle.
Rosie                          I rush into Locks arms and hug him tightly. I try very, very hard not to cry cause this place and these people feels like the first time anyone's wanted to even be near me like Charlie does. "You" hiccup "sure" hiccup "you don' want me to leave...?"
Moran                        Wincing, my voice grows weaker, "I... I'm sorry. I wasn't quick enough. Wasn't good enough." My head hits the ground with a thunk, muttering, "I know we don't do this crap, but... love you. Don't get caught. Stay free and smart."
Greg                            "And we are doing everything to keep him safe, Sherlock. I realise that but if they've got people out on the streets, around us watching then we have to make ourselves look dumb... Like we don't have a bloody clue that they're linked or how, even where they are. " I whispered harshly back and poked his shoulder.
Jamie                           Oh he is so cute when he's stupid. "I wasn't really gonna call security," I wink at him. "I just wanted to know who you were. Molly told me all about you. She said you were a Recovering Addict...? This isn't the place for Recovery."
Greg                            I smile politely at Mrs. Hudson and remember that John's daughter is presumably in the flat so make my way up softly rather than doing two stairs at a time. "Hello?" I call out as I wandered in, guessing they were still eating breakfast.
Sherlock                   My attention is drawn to the rather strange behaviour of Greg and John in the lift, squinting at them, "What -are- they doing? Are they running out of air?" There's panic rising in my voice once more.
Rosie                           I laugh cause who doesn't know bacon belongs on pizza. "Yeah and sausage and peppers and... Oh!! Do we have any crushed red pepper thingies?"
Greg                             "Don’t take all the glory, boys." I raised an eyebrow over to them as it felt like me and Mycroft were being pushed out, it taking a lot of effort on our parts and I'd almost been killed by Sebastian in my own car.
Greg                            "I got a call from the guys who were transferring Seb from the hospital to the yard and he… escaped. Snapped one guy’s necks to get out of the chains he had on his wrists." I sat down myself with a heavy heart and saw his face fall.
Greg                             I showed my badge to police officers that were cutting the scene off and I jumped over it, covering my face with my jacket as I pushed through the smoke to head in. I hoped to god that Mrs. Price was still alive and found her unconscious in her arm chair in the living room.
Greg                             I shut my eyes and knew he wasn't going to move, my body relaxing against him and I didn’t think he'd moved because I hadn’t felt anything. In my dream, I could feel somebody touching me but I shaking with terror, then feeling myself restrained and strapped to a chair. It was Seb touching me and it made my skin crawl.
Greg                            "There is when you're being a fucking dickhole. Now, if you keep degrading me to any apparent weak metas, I'll disconnect the IV that also gives you the pain meds. Got it?" I leant in a bit closer and felt Mycroft’s hand on my shoulder, it making me only ease up on Seb a little.
Greg                            I simply nod as I head out first and get into the passenger’s side, giving no choice to John of where he was sitting. I didn't hold back from putting my hand on Mycroft’s hand or thigh and just wanted to get this sorted so we could all go home.
Sherlock                   My head rests on John's, closing my eyes for a moment, before planting a kiss on his lips, "We need to find Moriarty."
Rosie                           "Yeah... That sounds good." Sitting next to him on the bed I put my head on his shoulder. "The bees will be ok for a while til we're back."
Mycroft                     I sit across from him at the table. "All right then. Give me your hand.”
Greg                             "You need to get up Myc, if we're heading over to Baker Street and then to the Yard…” I called when I stepped into the shower and knew he would have done what I would have done - shut his eyes to get a few more minutes - but we needed to get to the Yard rather quickly.
Greg                            "I... I don't know, Myc was talking to him from a burn phone but we found that at their parents’ house." I thought aloud, it being when Rosie caused a scene so he could escape being when I saw him last.
Sherlock               I'm a little at a loss of what to do in this situation, just watching him with a fallen face, "She is around eight. I don't understand."
Rosie                           "Umm... Homeless network?" I look at both of them hoping someone explains what that is.
Mycroft                       "Another tidbit of concern: Sebastian Moran is a meta. A strong one. He can direct a projectile when he fires it... in short, he never misses."
Mycroft                     I follow Greg over to the waiting coroner's van, nodding at Molly as he opens up the bag containing the body. It's disgusting - bloated, grey, and glassy-eyed, its face frozen in what looks like panic. I shudder at the image and slip a bare hand out of my coat pocket, carefully laying it on the body's arm. With a jolt, I close my eyes to focus. "Peter Ingraham. Small-time petty thief. He was injured in the bank robbery... he panicked... something went wrong... fell through a window? He was bundled into a car... thought he was being taken to hospital..." My eyes fly open suddenly, and I jerk my hand away from the body. "Seb Moran pushed this man off the Blackfriars Bridge." I look at Greg.
Irene                           After the initial shock of his touch, I started to be able to fight it, I try to squirm out of his grasp.
Greg                            I smooth my hand down his shirt, reassuring him that he could take his time telling me as it probably was something that had haunted him for a long time.
Greg                            I was going to say more but knew it would only end badly so nodded, wandered out and felt Mycroft’s anger come with me a little. I knew what he was going to do and I hoped Seb suffered through it.
Sherlock                     I unfold my legs, standing and then taking my empty cup to the kitchen, before heading towards the door, "My brother isn't blameless in this, Lestrade, but he has never had a functional, normal relationship. It's his first instinct to back away at trouble, to push people away from him and be alone. As alone is what protects him."
Sherlock                     Glancing down, I take a last look at the people I'm leaving behind, before teleporting again, upwards, skipping from balcony to balcony until I reach the roof and off in a random direction across the tops of the buildings, each zap taking me further and further away from my family
Greg                             My heart dropped through to the floor and I slammed the door as he drove away, sliding down it to run both hands through my hair. I spent most of the night pacing my flat with thoughts of calling or texting him, leaving it to not be the one to grovel and I had just come back from a run to find Sherlock waiting on my doorstep the next day.
Greg                             "Okay. Good, well, the 4 or so bodies that have been showing up have no particular link apart from that they were weaker metas or just humans." I rubbed my face, pulling at my sleeves.
Mycroft                     I get John and Greg situated in the back of the Mercedes, and started the engine, driving directly back to my flat, ignoring several traffic laws in the process. Once we arrive, I walk in, settling on the sofa. "So... now what? Do you think you can reach out to Sherlock, John?"
Rosie                           "K. C'mon Papa! The game is on." I stop in the entry hall to pet some of the K9 puppies in training.
Mycroft                     "Not much... the emotions were overpowering. But I do know that she does not know where Sherlock is."
Mycroft                       "Did you plan to stay tonight?  I would like for you to" I say quietly
Sherlock                     My feet thump back on the floor as I hop off the table, still frowning at John, "But I can't go alone."
Rosie                           He's not on anything. He's just standing there. Why does John think he's on something...? He was on the table earlier... but not now.
Greg                             "Sure.  Just let me sort paperwork out and we can get going." I pull him in for another hard kiss before he smooths his hair down and leaves, giving me 5 minutes to calm down and then step out with files for Sally while I'm gone for the afternoon. The look of her face was pale and stiff… I wondered what was the matter with her.
Greg                            I sigh with a brief sadness in my face but just turn back to Rosie who seems to be beaming up at me. "How are you finding London, Rosie? Bit noisy, isn't it?" I smiled.
Sherlock                   "We have a guard." I point down at the one I knocked out. "He must have access to some parts. The other guards should be drugged and slow to respond. If we can get to the kitchens, we can recruit Mrs. Lipton, a cook who is sympathetic to our cause and knows the place well."
Mycroft                       "I'm sure you will find a suitable way to escape my supervision this evening," I grin at him. "Do try to keep us apprised of your plans, though."
Mycroft                       "At this point, we need to continue as we have been. Have you heard from my brother lately?" I am very aware that the office might be bugged, so I am trying to avoid leaking that John is still alive. If Moriarty's fascination is with Sherlock, though...
John                            Sherlock stands, buttoning his jacket. “Mycroft is the most dangerous man you’ll ever meet. But he’s so boring you’d never even know it.” I roll my eyes. “Sherlock, you’ll scare her.” I bite out. “He’s not dangerous, Rose. In fact, Mycroft is relatively harmless. Once you get to know him.” I grin at Mycroft.
Greg                             I had been trying not to watch the clock and was genuinely surprised when he returned. I had made a few calls to the latest missing woman's friends, checking that her relationship was stable but she wasn't out with any of them. She'd cut herself off from them to join a 'new club' as one put it. I chewed on my lip and tried to smile weakly as he came in.
John                            “You fucking leave Sherlock out of this! Come out and face me like a man!” I bellow from where Greg and I were hidden.
Sherlock               I race towards the rubble pile, uncaring if anyone observed my powers as I start teleporting short distances, waving to follow me, before vanishing into the pocket of rubble again, taking a beacon with me to start transmitting my exact location
Sherlock                   There's a long breath of realise, on my feet now and trying to move towards the sound of his voice, "I would never admit this in reality John, but I'm growing concerned. I thought I would have some way to contact you. I didn't plan on being isolated on Sherrinford."
Greg                             "Coffee is absolutely fine and since you bought me lunch. I got you these. Just to have another set." I took my glasses off when Mycroft stepped in and I got up from my chair to stretch anyway. I handed him the wrapped box, him barely seeming like he'd done anything when I'd been in just my shirt and waistcoat since I got into the office.
Rosie                          "It's just a name. No big deal." I follow him around with my eyes as he inspects the rooftop garden. The bees think he's ok cause he smells a bit like Lock, like wildflowers and Sunshine.
Mycroft                 I was waiting on the tarmac, standing quietly next to my car, when the plane touched down. The medical team converged on the plane, transporting John Watson smoothly and efficiently from the jet to the ambulance, Sherlock staying within reach of his doctor at all times. I motioned for Lestrade to join me in my car, and we followed behind the ambulance, en route to the clinic. "John has improved quite a bit in the last 12 hours, I understand," I said calmly. "I expect he will regain consciousness in the next day."
“Yes.” His brother replied. “After interviewing the rescued Omegas and going over the medical records Sherlock found at the brothel, we’ve determined there are at least thirty carefully bred infants… somewhere.”
At the very least, Mycroft had news, information about Sherlock. Maybe even a message! I couldn’t wait to find out!
Why did Sherlock have them? In all the years we’d lived together, he’d never had a girlfriend or boyfriend. He’d never brought anyone to the flat for a liaison. He’d never pulled at the bar or even looked at another person with sexual interest. The closest he ever came was Irene Adler – and as far as I could tell, they never consummated the attraction. Honestly, I don’t even know if he WAS attracted to her physically. He showed no sign – he never responded to her overtures... nor did he recoil from them.
“He told me he was seventeen." Victor said anxiously. "He was reading an advanced Chemistry text when I met him, and he was taller than me even then. I knew he was young, but I BELIEVED he was seventeen.”
It was the sex dungeon Sherlock had seen on the surveillance video. He didn't allow himself to run directly to John as he wanted to, he looked around the room slowly, taking it all in, feigning mild interest.
I laughed and sat up, grinding down on him to quell his protests. I unbuttoned quickly, just the top few and my cuffs, and pulled shirt and vest over my head together.
“You’re so beautiful.” John told him. “So extraordinary. I love you.” He hadn’t meant to say it, but said, John knew it was true.
Our life together feels distant. It’s a series of impressions: the pale flash of skin at his wrist as he hands me his cell phone... telling me he thought I was amazing and extraordinary that first time... how strange it felt to laugh WITH someone… untying him whilst he demanded I untie what’s-her-name first, the corpse of one of his captors nearby... the first sight of him in the swimming pool, thinking for one interminable second that HE was Moriarty... giggling together in Buckingham palace... his jealousy over Irene... the men he killed … sitting across from him in our chairs and realising that after two decades of riding any and every cock that took my fancy, I didn’t want anyone but him... my despair knowing he could never return my feelings… the surge of panic when I apologised for saying I had no friends and he turned and walked away from me... the look on his face when he caught me kissing Victor... hiking cliffside in a rainstorm, thinking what a relief it would be if I were swept over the edge… the abject terror I felt upon discovering I had confessed my feelings in a fevered haze... the first time he kissed me... the joy of waking up next to him... the way Baker Street was filled with light and life as it had never been before… the utter dread that Moriarty would take him from me... his voice on the phone, believing in me... his shaky touch on my wrist... seeing him decompensating after my ‘suicide’...
He started gathering up the paperwork that still needed his attention when his phone rang.  A quick glance at the screen told him it was Detective Inspector Lestrade.  He grimaced.  Lestrade only called when Sherlock was in trouble.
Was he just trying to be considerate of John by not waking him?  That wasn’t really how Sherlock operated.  Was it possible that Sherlock had really wanted to be close to John?  Maybe he just didn’t understand the intimacy that position implied, but John remembered the arm that Sherlock had wrapped around his shoulders.  There was only one logical conclusion.
“We have almost everything we need.  I’m just missing something.  Something important.  Why?  Why are they being taken?”  Sherlock’s frustration grew by the second.  Donovan’s despair was not improving his mood either.
Interesting.  Toby clearly knew both women.  He knew Jacquelyn Lowe well enough to refer to her by a nickname even, but he obviously didn’t know either of them on a personal basis.  He had no knowledge of the fact that the two women didn’t know one another, and he seemed oblivious to their disappearance.  They might be regulars at the gym, but Toby didn’t care for either one enough to notice them missing a day or two of exercise.  If he was not even aware of their abductions, it seemed unlikely that punishing him could be the motive for their kidnapper.
“All five women are safe in their homes.  Teams will continue to monitor until morning.  It appears our kidnapper decided not to make a move tonight after all.”  Mycroft told Greg.
“Okay, then.  I’ll text you later.”  Greg turned to leave, and Mycroft found himself alone again.  Alone and suddenly ludicrously nervous about the evening ahead.
But then that question didn’t require Sherlock Holmes’s deductive skills to answer.  John could.  John already did.  He lived with Sherlock and not only tolerated, but practically worshipped the man.  If anyone knew how to handle Sherlock, it was John Watson.
John looked on as Sherlock turned.  He gestured for John to follow and then headed back for the main street with the phone still pressed to his ear.  No sooner had they reached the front of the shops than Sherlock said “got it” and promptly hung up.
“Your pupils are dilated.  Your breathing is faster than normal.  And your pulse is – hang on-“  John looked down at his watch for a few seconds.  “Yep, elevated.  What might we deduce from that?”
“Hi, Detective.  This is Mae Harris.  I’m returning your call from yesterday.”  The voice on the phone said.
“No,” Lestrade said.  “Whoever entered here was careful to wear gloves, and we haven’t found any blood or hair.”
“Some do and some don’t.”  Toby answered.  “The atmosphere is different in the mornings, so it just depends on what you prefer.”
Sherlock looked up from the file abruptly and scrutinized Greg’s face.  “You need rest, Lestrade, and I need time to think.  Come on, John.”
John dropped Sherlock’s wrist and retreated to his own armchair in which he sat looking completely at ease.
Not that Mycroft wasn’t attractive.  And he had agreed to dinner.  Not that that was saying much.  Knowing the Holmesian sense of social cues, Mycroft likely didn’t even realize Greg had meant this to be a date.  Not that it was a particularly conventional date though.  Greg seriously wondered when he had come to consider a stakeout for a kidnapping a good date activity.  Jesus Christ, he had been spending way too much time with John and Sherlock.
“I have copies of the files for you here.  I’ll try to arrange for you to visit the flat tomorrow.  It’s too late today.” Lestrade handed two folders to Sherlock who promptly began ruffling through them.  John suddenly doubted that Sherlock would sleep tonight.  Perhaps he could at least get dinner into him first.
If he could answer that question, they could prevent more kidnappings.  Not for money.  No ransom demands had been made.  Lust didn’t make sense as a motive since she hadn’t been raped or otherwise sexually abused.  She hadn’t been physically hurt either, so simple blood lust could be ruled out.  Vengeance?  Holding a person without hurting them seemed an odd way to exact revenge.  But perhaps… revenge against someone else?
“You’d almost think they want us do their job for them.”  John quipped, but the worry didn’t leave Sherlock’s face.  He seemed to waffle for a moment before he started to speak.
If the first victim could be believed, the abductor took both women from their own homes.  The first reappeared three days later unharmed in the same location.  Sherlock couldn’t be sure that pattern would repeat itself until the second victim was found or returned by the criminals.  Something about that nagged at him, though.
A second text gave warning to Lestrade of the impending family reunion to which his office was going to play host.
Sherlock took a bite to appease John.  His considerations were slow-moving tonight anyway.  One bite wouldn’t hurt.  It was early still.  He could find the answer tonight.
He drank the tea as he read.  As soon as he finished with the folders, he set them aside and flopped onto the couch to think.  There was very little new information with which to work.  The two victims were indeed similar.  Even the idiots at Scotland Yard understood that much.  Lestrade would already be watching for similar disappearances.  Unfortunately, they weren’t likely to notice another abduction until after it happened.
“Well, you were right, Dr. Watson.  No concussion, but you do need to get some rest.  You’ve lost quite a bit of blood, and you don’t want to put stress on the stitches.  I’ll get your discharge papers ready.  You can wait out front.”  Hardy informed John.
Greg stood by John and watched Sherlock flutter about the apartment while Miss Harris made tea.  Sherlock glanced away from the flat every few seconds to look at John.  He was clearly looking for some piece of information in John’s face that had nothing to do with the case.  For his part, John waited quietly again.  Like yesterday, his attention seemed consumed with Sherlock.  Well, even more than usual.
Mycroft certainly didn’t need friends the way Sherlock had.  Sherlock had been reckless – wild and lawless.  Mycroft’s life lay firmly in his control.  Friends were a responsibility for which he had no time and even less inclination.
“The answer is no.  We can’t-  I can’t do this.  I don’t do relationships John.  I’m not capable of providing the sort of affection that a normal person needs.  I won’t be what you’re expecting.”
“I hope you don’t mind.  I have no intention of becoming intoxicated, certainly not while peoples’ safety is at stake, but I have been deprived of my customary relaxing Sunday evening, and I have few opportunities these days to indulge in good wine.”  Mycroft explained.
Sherlock explained without slowing down.  “Sloane Street is busy.  Even if they had a car waiting, taking a bloodied woman back out onto the street would be noticed.  A car won’t fit down here, but there’s a bigger alleyway just up…”  The narrow passageway opened up onto a small service road, just big enough for deliveries to be made to the local shops.  “Here.”
The cabbie seemed quite annoyed to have a bleeding passenger, but they managed to make it to the A&E all the same.  The waiting room was mostly empty, and a triage nurse steered John into the back immediately with Sherlock practically clinging to his arm.
A middle-aged man stepped out of the shadowy corner pointing a gun directly at Sherlock, who was frozen one pace in front and to the left of John.  Muffled noises from the far side of the room drew John’s attention to a young woman bound and gagged.  Melanie Holloway.  She was sitting under a bright light and in front of a video camera.  This wasn’t just a hostage situation; this was a set-up for a ransom video.  Exactly what Sherlock had been expecting.
“Amazing.”  John had huffed, and Sherlock’s expression had changed instantly from heated frustration to something that made his eyes sparkle dangerously.  John might have called it nervous excitement if he hadn’t known better.  He had wondered for an instant if Sherlock was going to kiss him.  And then the door had opened, and the moment had vanished, leaving John confused and oddly disappointed.
Sherlock’s eyes glazed over for a moment in thought.  “And the second?  There must be at least two to make it a serial kidnapper.  And why do you suspect they are related if you haven’t yet located the second victim?”
A balding doctor arrived relatively quickly to look at John’s head and introduced himself as Dr. Hardy.  “I’m going to have to stitch it closed, I’m afraid.”
John’s soldier instincts warned him just a second earlier than Sherlock’s observational skills, and he dove for Sherlock, tackling him to the ground.  The bang of a gunshot echoed around the room, and John felt a sharp sting in his right bicep.
John rushed to Sherlock’s side.  He caught sight of a nametag reading “J. Lowe” to the left of the doorframe before peering into the office.  Jacquelyn Lowe lay stretched out on the office floor, clearly unconscious, with her blonde hair fanned out around her head.
Greg leaned in and pressed a kiss to Mycroft’s lips.  Mycroft stiffened in surprise, but relaxed into the kiss almost immediately.
John knew that Greg was wondering too what to make of that look Sherlock and John had shared.  John cringed inwardly.  He could explain it away to Lestrade as an unlikely byproduct of Sherlock’s eccentricities.  That might even be the truth, but it felt dishonest to John.  Whatever Sherlock might have been thinking, and whatever else John might feel about it, he couldn’t deny the magnetic pull that had possessed him as Sherlock bent over his chair.
Affection.  Of course.  For John who was his best and only friend.  It couldn’t be avoided.  Moriarty had proven at the pool just how dangerous Sherlock’s friendship with John could be to them both.  A dangerous disadvantage, true, but also a challenge to which John constantly rose.  He reciprocated Sherlock’s affection obviously.  Only true sentiment could allow someone to continue living with someone as intolerable as him.  It might be a cause for concern, but Sherlock would no sooner divest himself of it – or John – than he would his right arm.  No, John was too deeply integrated into Sherlock’s life and psyche to remove.
“Oh that’s nothing.”  Mycroft countered.  “One particularly rainy day, he broke into my office while I was in a meeting for the sole purpose of replacing my umbrella with a rainbow, zebra-print one.  Suffice it to say, I got very wet leaving the building.”
I may have gotten carried away with the sarcasm at the beginning of this.  I have no excuse, except dammitjimimadoctor made me do it.
Greg’s annoyance at the pair grew when the second call clicked over to voicemail too.  He hung up and traipsed back inside to see what Anderson had found.
John was talking with Ravi. 'Talking' may have been a euphemism, he was bristling as Ravi spoke and gestured. John was shuffling in the way he did when he was holding himself back from taking someone apart. I approached them quickly, not even pausing to admire the pull of John's trousers across his arse – I could see Ravi had no idea of the danger he was in.
He bore down, still grinning, still too close for my rifle to be of any use. I thought of him touching Sherlock... my hands moved of their own accord, parrying the knife stroke with the barrel of my rifle whilst drawing my handgun – my familiar Sig – and firing directly into his cursed face.
Mariah: You can’t promise, John, not when all Sherlock has to do is snap his fingers and you run off to jump through hoops for him.
“However... it appears someone – most likely one of the guards – sold Sherlock out. He was seen last night in the prison cafeteria acting... subservient... to the gang elite. He appeared to have been tortured.”
But John was coming back changed. Losing his hand had shaken his self-confidence – he no longer knew what he was capable of. He no longer knew himself.
"I get ya. Come down the lane behind my building, nowt goes there – I'll leave the back door open for you."
"Nothing. The view." I told him. "This window doesn't open –" I knocked on the glass. "I'll check the others." I left him staring at his reflection in the window wall and made my way through the flat. The rear entrance was through the kitchen, it was locked and barred as the front door must have been, thick metal bands installed across the frame. Several of the windows opened with little cranks to approximately twenty centimeters – far too small for a person to crawl through even if they wouldn't plunge to their death. There were no ledges or platforms on the building.
“Ah, I can see she has!” Sherlock crowed licking the last bit of strudel from his fingers. “Good. That’s good.”
So what is the point of trying to hold out? If it will win anyway? Heroin can erase the memories of prison, the nightmares that terrorise me whenever I close my eyes. It will make me forget the look on John’s face when I cringe, involuntarily, from his touch. Heroin will give me peace. And happiness of a sort.
John walked to the foot of the cot. Sherlock was a junkie, a heroin addict, he had scars on his arms from the needles – they were faint on his ivory skin, but they were there. John didn't think Sherlock had injected himself between his toes, but he didn't know.
seen his father in the library, though he must have been. The library was Mummy’s domain, the place she spent the most time whilst at Sherrinford, sitting behind the desk at the far end of the room, talking on the phone, poring through paperwork or writing and writing and writing.
Sherlock moaned and arched. John put a hand on the back of his neck, pushing Sherlock’s face into the bed while he continued to tease Sherlock’s sensitive areas.
"He kept his chemistry equipment in the kitchen, ran experiments on that table right there. He had a skull on the mantle and his microscope over by the hall. I put his chair away, I couldn't stand to see it empty, but the rest of the furniture is pretty much as it was. I took over his bedroom, but it's not his bed."
It felt like he’d been punched in the shoulder, but with an iron bar. A donkey kick. He was on the ground before he knew what had happened, before the pain hit... he saw Molly’s face... there was blood on it...
“Are they together? Seb and Cam?” I asked Mary  whilst the former checked on dinner and the latter was engaged with other guests.
My cock had been interested before, now it sprang fully to life, red and rude and very ready. Sherlock did not hesitate...
Sherlock put his name at the back of the longest queue. John and Lestrade signed on for the next longest and Bill had three ahead of him. That gave them some time.
“Yeah.” Lestrade admitted. He winced. “You’ve got quite a bruise there, John, you OK?” He pointed at his own forehead to indicate mine.
“Yes.” Mycroft agreed. Lestrade pulled out a chair for his new soulmate who sat after a slight hesitation. He watched Lestrade pull the other chair around, to sit closer, and begin setting the meal out in front of them. His eyes strayed to Lestrade’s cheek again, to the soulmark there. “I, ehm… I’m sorry if you’re disappointed.”
John clung to him, his hand around Sherlock's neck. He looked up, intending to look into Sherlock's eyes – Sherlock's eyes couldn't keep secrets from John. But he kissed Sherlock instead.
“He’s not an Alpha.” Mycroft said – unnecessarily, Sherlock thought with impatience, until he felt John’s release of tension.
“And the rest of them?” Lestrade wasn’t anti-royal, he simply didn’t care overmuch one way or the other. But he knew that Mycroft cared.
Sherlock licked and sucked the lube and cum off John's prick. "Oh! Too much!" John cried, pulling his cock free. He collapsed onto the bath mat next to Sherlock and grinned at him goofily. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and kissed him, not shying away from the taste of himself on Sherlock's lips.
“Sherlock, you heard what he said. You heard what that bastard does to Omegas! We have to tell somebody. We have to stop him!”
“Oh... oh!” Mycroft’s expression crumbled as he realised the import. He picked up a handset and demanded a sitrep from the captain of the squad retrieving John Watson. “If you find the target infected, he is not to be harmed. Restrain him and bring him here. Yes,
John bit back a retort. Up close, the small Alpha’s scent was oppressive... coal dissolving in salt water... inky-black. It polluted his nostrils. “Moriarty.” John said.
John let Shane take the lead – it was an interesting role reversal for him. He found he liked being held in strong arms, liked Shane’s assertive snogging, liked moving against his lean body.
“No, it’s just strange…” John did not sound convincing. “It’s not... you." He scratched the back of his head. "It's all about finding Molly, yeah?”
Sherlock strained to hear John's answer – the pause was deafening. "Yeah. Yes." John said. "He's sincere, but that's not the point."
Once again I came to the conclusion that Moriarty didn't intend to be convicted. He didn't intend to go to prison. It was all place setting for some larger purpose. A larger purpose that most certainly involved me. He wasn't a free man, but I had to assume he would be free in the future. I had to be prepared.
James Sholto’s expression was strange. Embarrassed, John realised. “I was married for a while.” He said. “It didn’t work out.”
I shifted my weight to look into his eyes. They were bright gray this morning, with great black centers. Despite the hint of nonchalance in his voice, I could see he was apprehensive.
“It’s good to be home, Mrs. H.” She accompanied him up the stairs. Shane carried John’s overnight bag and Sherlock trailed behind like an especially awkward third wheel. John still held his phone in his hand and had the bag of pills clasped in his pincers.
“How could I not know?” This had been eating at John. “Everything was fine…it was normal…and then suddenly it wasn’t. I...I never expected that he'd...”  John buried his face in Shane’s shoulder for a moment. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to go into all this.”
“More!” I demanded. John bit my lower lip, catching it between his teeth and shoved a fourth finger inside me. My prick was still between his thighs, humping desperately. John bent his fingers slightly and they raked over my prostate – I cried out, clutching at John fiercely, and came. John sank his teeth into my throat as I shuddered and shivered uncontrollably.
I decided to take only right turnings... which lasted through two turns then dead ended again in a solid hedge wall.
Lestrade had the same impulse he always had when he encountered Mycroft Holmes — to unbutton all those buttons, muss that auburn hair, ruin the perfectly-put-together man with his mouth and hands...
John had had a blast. And Coach Burns had singled him out for praise, pointing out a bit of fast footwork he'd done midway through the half-hour.
It ended there, John's blog entry. It wasn't posted, obviously John never INTENDED to post anything so personal. He never intended Sherlock to see it. Or anyone.
We sprinted across the garden, John leading, still holding my hand. Adrenaline had conquered my weakness and I kept up easily.
It was harder to hear him in there, but my phone vibrated against my ribs, letting me know my camera – an older model iPhone I no longer used – had started recording.
“Depending on your job or sports you enjoy, we can fit you with a task specific prosthetic – one that will hold a racquet, or grip handlebars, for example. What do you do, John?”
“I’ll start.” John said. “I didn’t look at her – that woman – purposely. The last thing I ever want to do is upset you – I’ll be more cognizant... more sensitive... from now on.”
“But my brothers... went a bit mad. They never accepted Dad’s sexuality. They HATED Vic. They’re the reason Dad kept the marriage so private. It wasn’t a secret, not at all. But Dad let the boys have their way publicly.” She scoffed. “I think they were just afraid their mates would find out. Wankers.” She looked up at me. “I love my brothers, but they have been complete wankers about Vic.”
He didn't finish his sentence because John hurled his plate across the room into the cupboards. His fork followed.
And it was such a flimsy lie too: Mrs. Hudson had been shot, but he couldn’t be arsed about it because he had a case on. He was ‘thinking.’ And she was just his landlady.
Dinner was ... long. The food was excellent, but my appetite wasn’t. I was sat across from Mary next to Seb at the head of the table. A seat of honour, I knew, but I would have been more comfortable farther away from those cold, blue eyes.
"I have information about a group I think would be a good fit, I'll have Nancy give it to you before you go." Now Bob looked at Sherlock. "Ok, John?" He asked.
Sherlock sat up and reached out, drawing John forward. John leaned down and kissed the lovely man, marveling again at how wonderful those full, lush lips felt against his own. He reached down and fondled Sherlock through the sheet, finding his prick and rubbing against it, making a damp spot on the linen.
John, you are beautiful to me. I love how your hair grows in a swirl from the crown of your head. I love your profile – it is so distinctive I want to trace it with my fingers. I love your strong, square, capable hands. I love how we laugh together so easily. I love your jumpers. I love how you always wear your jumpers even though you are always hot – too hot to wear a proper coat. I love how you are unapologetically grumpy in the morning until you’ve had a cup of tea. I love that anything done WITH you is so much more interesting than if done alone. I love how you look when you’re angry, the blush of red growing from your cheeks to your forehead. I loved how it felt to hold you in my arms. You were heavier than I expected, more substantial, and I think that’s how it should be to hold the person you love.
“Oh… right…” Sherlock said. Of course, John had a girlfriend! Someone like John probably had Beta girls falling all over him… Sherlock struggled to control the jealousy, shooting off like fireworks in his head…
“No more brawling!” John chastised him. “I already got punched in the face tonight because of you.” He shoved Sherlock on past the woman who sneered condescendingly and turned back to her table.
"Yes." The syllable was quiet, almost not there, but Angus Church looked Sherlock in the eye without flinching. "The same staff was on last night as was on the night Mr. Fraser died."
Victor finished his glass and poured himself another. “It was my fault. Of course it was my fault! But I didn’t know… how could I have known? I was new to the neighborhood. I didn’t know the family – I didn’t know anybody. But I should have asked… found out somehow…"
"Pay me back later." Shane said. "You need this now. Oh, I ran into Mrs. Hudson when I went by your flat for the laptop – she was worried about you, I told her you were here."
The murmur of Mycroft’s voice stopped abruptly. In the silence, the nausea overwhelmed me and I retched uncontrollably. My gut exploded in agony – abdominal surgery was stunningly incompatible with throwing up. I moaned in pain.
The thing that Sherlock hated, that he absolutely one hundred percent loathed – and that he would never admit to anyone, not even John – was that he
"He's missing." Shane's voice lost some of its combativeness. He sounded plaintive. "I can't find him anywhere."
Sherlock’s no-doubt caustic comment had been cut off by Mummy. She was impatient for her turn with Rosie. John’s daughter took after her father — blonde, compact, easygoing until you ran up against her stubbornness and temper. She was almost two now, and though the bags under John’s eyes had deepened, he glowed when he looked at her.
Shane came up behind John and wrapped his arms around him loosely and kissed his cheek. “How did it go?” He asked. “I was worried when you didn't answer your phone.”
Sherlock let him get close enough that he could feel Moran's shallow, excited breaths against his cheek. Only then did he break the intense eye fuck to look over at John, prone in the sling.
John’s hand disappeared, then grasped us again, wet with saliva and we slid against each other more easily. I was panting and rutting, my own hand wrapping around John’s smaller one, gripping us more tightly. John’s other hand found my arse again and he touched my entrance, the bud at the very centre of me, and stroked. I gasped out loud and pushed back onto his fingers with every thrust of my hips.
But their sex WAS amazing – it was hard to believe Sherlock was a novice, he'd barely gagged at all. John had had girlfriends who took a look at his big piece and refused to give him oral, and he couldn't blame them. He wouldn't want to stretch his mouth around it. Even Shane, an experienced and enthusiastic cocksucker couldn't take it all. Sherlock had, seemingly by force of will. And when he had said he WANTED it rough, John could have cum right then. Sherlock seemed determined to give John sensations he'd never experienced before.
“Harry.” I said. “Intervention. Getting her settled in rehab...” Just saying it made me feel glum – I wished I COULD intervene with Harry...
“You were with her when Mycroft contacted you? Right before you disappeared?” Sherlock deduced as he read.
John took a deep breath of sweet, sweet honey. “You are amazing.” John told him, cradling the Omega against his chest.
Mycroft looked distinctly ill-used, standing at the edge of a tip, the mud of the Thames soiling his brogues. “Budapest, Sherlock. We ruled out Brazil, remember.”
But falling is falling, there's no way back up to the roof. All Sherlock had now was regret. An ocean of regret. A tsunami of regret. He would drown in this regret.
There was a commotion at the other end of the hall – a voice raised in alarm, another voice with a note of hysteria, someone else shushing her and issuing orders, running feet...
John examined Shane for a moment. He wasn't handsome but he was VITAL. That was what John liked about him most – he recognized that it was a quality Shane shared with Sherlock. They looked nothing alike, Shane had olive skin and wavy brown hair worn long and floppy – it was his one beauty and his one vanity. He wasn't quite as tall as Sherlock; he was lean, almost too thin as Sherlock was, but he lacked the elegance. Shane wore jeans or khakis, rumpled shirts and slim-cut jumpers under a tan trench coat that had seen better days. He was just an average guy except for the gleam of intelligence in his expression and the incredible vitality that emanated from him. John wondered briefly if he needed that vitality in an unhealthy way – like a vampire needs blood. He dismissed that thought and returned to the question at hand – to go to Shane's flat or not.
“It’s just... exhausting... I had thought I’d come to the end of it. Now there’s just more... more to get through. And it’s all so BORING! You have no idea, John. It’s monstrous.”
"I want to hear you tell it." Sherlock said, making eye contact. He had learned how to flirt as a child. He'd been astonished, at Uni to discover that if he flirted, the person soon expected sex. After that, Sherlock restricted flirting to when he was play-acting a rôle.
Sherlock was released the next day. John had come to hospital for a check in with his surgeon, an appointment with his prosthetist and OT. Sherlock waited silently in the lobby until he finished. Then, wearing his new prosthetic, John brought Sherlock back to Baker Street.
Moran’s fingers wandered over Sherlock’s bare chest. “Beautiful.” He whispered. He gripped both of Sherlock’s arms and guided him down to lay on the tiger’s pelt.
I pulled my phone from my pocket and dialed praying that I wasn’t blushing. “Greg? It’s John Watson. Yeah, listen – I need some help...”
They stayed like that for an hour. John asked after Dusette and they argued about who should eat the breakfast that had got cold while they slept. They finally agreed that neither of them would take on the hardening porridge, but both of them would have some lunch when it arrived.
John took a deep breath and forced himself to step away from the Alpha. She was dead, he was certain, and that gave him an unwelcome surge of triumphant joy. He wanted to shout his victory, advertise that
No way he wanted a platonic soulmate. John Watson could be as repressed as he wanted, Greg Lestrade liked sex! “I’ve always fancied you, Mycroft.” He said frankly.
And John was transported back to that moment when Sherlock had said 'Goodbye, John' and hung up the phone. He had jumped. Sherlock had JUMPED! John still couldn't understand it, he wouldn't have believed it himself if he hadn't seen it. If he hadn't touched Sherlock's still warm body with his own hand and felt that there was no pulse. It was the worst fucking day of John's life. Worse than when he was shot. Worse than when he was 25 and his fiancé had dumped him. Sherlock's suicide was the worst thing that had ever happened to John.
John's blog was on the screen, he'd been typing a new entry. Sherlock started to skim the text... then stopped and started over, reading it properly.
“Contusions on her shoulders.” Sherlock remarked. “They couldn’t hold her underwater by her hair, like the others.” He moved aside. “John, what do you smell?”
I waited. I worked out at the gym. I watched rugby. I went to the firing range. I worked extra shifts. I read the paper. I kept myself to myself.
His lips thinned as his jaw clenched. I prepared for a tirade... but it didn’t come. When he spoke again, John’s voice was mild. “I hate it, not being there to help you. To stitch your wounds, if nothing else.”
I had been so relieved to see him, so happy when he flung open Mrs. Hudson’s front door. Holding him had been heaven. Kissing him… nothing compared to kissing Sherlock! But he felt different in my arms, insubstantial somehow. The look on his face when I asked if he was healthy… it was plain he was anxious about what I might see when I looked at him. Not simply anxious, terrified. And when I pulled him back into my arms, he was trembling.
Nazer waited until I was completely finished before he produced the bag of heroin. He measured out a pitifully small amount. I couldn’t suppress a noise of dismay.
“Listen.” I cut in. “It’s just a theory. And even if it’s true, that doesn’t mean it’s one of your brothers. It could be a cousin or someone else farther down the line. It’s more likely someone just wanted to cut Vic out the will.”
"No, sir. Only that Sherlock Holmes had done it. No use going after him for it since he killed himself right after."
Shane's arms closed around him – he was so strong! – and with a shift, he turned them on their sides with John pinned against the back of the sofa. They lay there, hands moving and gripping and caressing, kissing and licking and nipping, grinding against each other until Shane reached down and started to unfasten John’s jeans.
He returned Simon Fraser to his original position and zipped the body bag. No one paid him any attention as he left the morgue.
Sherlock sighed. "He couldn't get in touch with you all day!" Sherlock said. "But he didn't wonder why, he didn't look for you until you missed dinner. And even then he didn't go to Baker Street right away – he almost didn't go at all! And when he DID know you'd been kidnapped, he waited to contact me! It was another hour! That could have been the difference between..."
"Share John?! Like some sort of joint custody scheme?!" Sherlock sneered. "I get him Tuesdays and Thursdays and every other weekend? Or are you proposing we all move in together?"
“Then you’d best do something for him, Mycroft. Because this!” I waved the newspaper at him. “Is not acceptable.”
But John was back before I finished the thought. He had a warm, damp flannel and he wiped my chest clean. He set it aside and pulled back the duvet.
John was appalled to see his erection returning. And appalled to realize his mistake. Fuck! "You've been following me around for months." John said hoping it was true. "You think I wouldn't notice? Stop it! Stop touching me!" John tried to shift his hips away, but the hammock left him nowhere to go.
Mummy was of a mind to reject Moriarty, but Mycroft had played his trump card – using her lingering affection for Jean-Claude’s memory to make his case for the mathematician. She very grudgingly allowed that a compatible match for the Omega would have made her well-missed bondmate happy. And she
“Then I heard her. There were the remains of a goat – or maybe several – around the mouth of the drain and I realized that she was nearby – tigers sleep near their prey to keep scavengers away. I had the rifle up to my eye in a second. I didn’t dare move, but I scanned the area slowly. She was there, not ten feet away, looking at me. She crouched and I knew she was preparing to spring. I fired and she dropped. I’d gotten her right between the eyes – she didn’t feel a thing.”
“Yes, fine. Get on with it!” Sherlock huffed, his excitement and desire sparking through their link.
"They were going at him again. I didn't LIKE him with Vic, but it was a done deal, far as I was concerned. G and Selwyn, though... they wouldn't let it be. Kept trying to wear him down, get him to send Vic away. Only drove him away from them. He couldn't stand to be in a room with either of 'em unless Ani was there too.
Sherlock had been ushered into the room and left alone. He was no longer bound. Shane had been drugged immediately and spent the hour plus journey in the uncomfortable lorry passed out on the metal floor. But other than duct taping his wrists and ankles together, Sherlock hadn’t been touched. After ten minutes jouncing through traffic he’d envied Shane.
But Sherlock leaned over and kissed my shoulder, then my neck. “I’ve got it, John.” He said. “Stay here.”
Sherlock forced himself to stop. It had only been two days – he'd promised himself to give John two weeks before he considered relapsing. This was going to be harder than he thought.
“Physical therapy was fine, thanks for asking.” John said good-naturedly. He was rapidly regaining strength and range of motion on his left side. It was his dominant hand and he was determined to have full use back before his surgical rotation next year.
“Oh yeah. Wouldn’t think ‘e’d need a gun, big Alpha like that. But ‘e carried the girl out into the pile, all wrapped up. Set ‘er down real gentle – thought it was strange, being so gentle. I sawr ‘is gun good when ‘e set ‘er down. Then ‘e unwrapped ‘er an I could see it warnt garbage. After ‘e lef, I went an looked. Pretty Omega. Good for breedin’ even wi’ those skinny ‘ips. Wonder ‘ow she died. Do you know ‘ow she died?”
Shane arrived at half seven with fresh bagels, coffee, John's laptop and a brand new iPhone that he unwrapped and presented to John.
In the helicopter she nodded when I strapped myself in and put on the headset, I could tell she’d expected to have to help me. I wondered vaguely what sort of idiot she thought I was – because all the soldiers assumed I was some kind of idiot. I would have assumed the same thing about any unknown quantity thrown into my unit at the last second. At least I was (former) military, not just some hotdogging civilian.
We’d fled the building with the villains in hot pursuit, ducking down alleys and pelting through a park. After what seemed like forever, John had taken me by the arm, pulled me around a blind corner and into an alley behind a pub.
“Your trust fund, dear brother.” Mycroft smarmed. “Surely, you’ve told your mate that your… dowry, shall we say… is considerable.”
John's misery overflowed and he couldn't hold it in any longer. His body was wracked with sobs. Shane held him – John let Shane pull him close and tried to take comfort from the familiar touch.
“When you can see," Sherlock whispered to the policeman. "Find out the time. We’re Alphas for six to eight hours... need to know how long we’ve got left... remember, I have a gun in my pocket.”
Mycroft looked shocked. But before Lestrade could withdraw, Mycroft pulled him closer, his hands on Lestrade’s shoulders, and kissed back. His lips were dry and warm and Lestrade teased them with the tip of his tongue. He felt Mycroft smile as he nipped his lower lip, capturing it briefly between his teeth.
“Oh, yes, please!” Sherlock said scrambling to reverse himself on the bed, so he could assume the position.
I was wheeled out of the imaging center, calling for Mycroft. Demanding to talk to him. But no one listened. “Later.” They said. “Calm down. You’re going to surgery now. You’ll see your brother and Dr. Watson when you wake up. They’ll still be here.” I cried in frustration, sobbing into my pillow.
“Here...” She pulled out her smartphone and opened her web browser. A few seconds later she held it out to me. It showed a painting of a landscape hemmed in on both sides by dark walls with darker archways leading who knows where. The foreground between them was in shadow. Beyond the shadow, in the center of the painting, was a squat red tower, the top roughly crenelated, against a darkening sky. The tower’s doorway and several small windows were impenetrable black. To one side, part of a monument can be seen, a horse and rider on a tall, stone platform casts a long shadow in front of the tower.
The hall was longer and larger than our entire flat. There was a stairwell at the far end and large oak doors on both walls. The fine Persian carpet on the floor showed minimal signs of wear and the grandfather clock was pristine.
Sherlock regretfully let go of John's cock to free his own. John took advantage of the moment to slide the jockstrap down and off one leg. He didn't bother with the other, wanting only greater freedom of movement. He took hold of Sherlock's prick, poking rudely from the open flies of his trousers and ran his thumb over the head, smearing the fluid he found there. Sherlock watched John put his thumb in his mouth and suck on it, tasting Sherlock.
The sheets on the bed I’d shared with Sherlock had stopped smelling of him and started smelling like someone unwashed had been wallowing in it for days. So I walked.
He walked home. It was a long way, took him almost two hours. When he got there, Mrs. Hudson was waiting.
Lestrade climbed in. The pale expanse of leather was buttery soft. He slid across the seat and Mycroft followed him. He looked stiff — he was anxious, Lestrade realised. He hasn’t done this in a while either.
We continued on. I slipped once and almost sat down in the water flowing over the trail. Victor caught my arm again and steadied me. The walking stick with its pointed tip was a savior, keeping me balanced as I walked over slippery stones and slid on the mud.
After Mrs. Hudson went back downstairs, John broke out the whisky. He sat in his chair and got drunk.
Closer still, he saw the welts from being whipped – his buttock was covered in hot pink, crisscrossing lines. And so were his cock and balls.
Moran’s left arm was bleeding freely from where the first stiletto had bit, he was holding that arm back and feinting with the blade in his right hand. Dusette never took her eyes off the knife in his right hand, dancing around it, sometimes by centimeters.
John nodded. When Sherlock had died and then a few months later when he was posthumously exonerated, the papers had nothing but stories about the 'tragedy' and John couldn't stop himself from reading them. Mrs. Hudson would come and make tea and they'd sit together quietly for a while. A little oasis of sanity in a sea of madness.
"I think ...." Walter started gently. "... you talk about it. You do things to reestablish control of your own life - like getting sober. Maybe trying an antidepressant. It's a process."
It was a moment before John spoke. “You feel badly? You regret it?” John stalked out of the kitchen and paced the living room. “Multiply that by a thousand and you’ll know how I’ve felt for TWO YEARS. And don’t you DARE say you’re sorry again. You have NO IDEA what you’ve done to me!”
The cop – a strapping south asian bloke with wavy black hair, and a tag that said Officer Vaachaspati – opened his mouth to speak, thought better of it and hurried out with his fellows. I watched him go, curious how he knew Sherlock. And how Sherlock knew him – I had no doubt that Sherlock knew the man.
"Nothing of import." Sherlock snapped shutting the device, trusting that would reengage the lock screen.
"The way you took out Angus... it was beautiful. I've never seen anything like it – not outside the cinema anyway. My boyfriend, the action hero." Perhaps Shane had sensed John's downturn, perhaps it was simply on his mind.
Adrenaline - John had met Shane when he was coasting on an adrenaline high. Unconsciously, he associated Shane with that feeling. He really had supplanted Sherlock.
“Don’t blame them. You have no idea what it was like… it spread so fast! Blokes I know changing in front of my eyes and attacking… infected coming from all sides…”
"It's night and day!" The woman exclaimed. "Getting lost in Florence is like getting lost in London - it's just irritating. Getting lost in Venice is the best way to discover its riches. The city is MADE for losing your way. It's wonderful."
“I need you to leave the flat with Mrs. Hudson at noon – it’s important that you get Mrs. Hudson out.”
I wanted to demand when – WHEN – would I be given morphine, but it was obvious from the knot of his tie that it would get me nowhere.
Years later, after John had presented, after he felt the hormonal fire in his blood, felt his knot grow huge and bulbous, felt the driving need to best the other Alphas, to expand his territory, to claim the best mate... after he'd found himself fist fighting with good friends over 'disrespect' and who got to stand where on the playground... John understood. His father had let his base instincts rule him.
“Me Captain Kirk?” He shrugged but didn’t look away. “I play cards. Bet on the ponies. A bit o’ rats and mice.”
I got dressed. I skipped underwear and zipped myself into a prison coverall. I pulled on my coat then wrestled with my socks and boots. I hadn’t worn my boots in days. I struggled to remember how to tie them. Then struggled to do it with the splint on my hand.
“Stop being so dramatic!” Mummy retorted. “Mycroft went to a lot of trouble for this! A lot of trouble!”
“No. One of the VPs. But Vic didn’t have any problem dating the owner of the company. Moved right in.”
John had started after his Omega as soon as he saw Lestrade sorting Mycroft. But the last thing he heard his brother-in-law say surprised him so much, he turned back and stared. “Call me Mycroft. It’s Gregory, isn’t it?”
“I thought I was over it, over the worst part... but I’m just not. I never should have asked Seb out. I’m just... just exhausted of feeling like shit.”
Sherlock didn’t answer right away and my heart sank. It was difficult to not simply throw open the door and walk into his room. Finally my phone vibrated.
"I believe Shane brought some pajamas and other things for you." Sherlock said handing John an overnight bag.
"Sherlock, please." He read the man cursorily – his casual, yet expensive cashmere polo with wafer crumbs on the lapel, the crisp crease of his trousers, the careless way his hair was groomed – or rather not groomed – into an appealing suggestion of bedhead, his well-muscled arms contrasting with his middle-aged paunch, and the well-defined laugh lines around his eyes... this was an easygoing man happy with his life. He was happy with his wife (a class-conscious neat-freak who bought his clothes for him), and his family, and he loved his job. He eschewed pretension, not even calling himself 'Doctor Bob,' just 'Bob.'
They’d applied for a permit for Sherlock to have his own gun, but – even with Mycroft’s influence – it hadn’t yet been approved. An Omega with a gun was unheard of.
John pulled it out of me slowly. “God, you’re gaping!” He sighed. I could feel it, feel my hole stretched wide open, empty and huge.
It took almost two hours to get back to Wallog, an endless journey through the sheeting rain. Every step both tedious and terrifying. I was flagging badly in my warm gear, I couldn't imagine how Sherlock was managing to keep putting one soaked, squelching foot in front of the other.
"Tea sounds lovely, actually." The woman said, not taking John's rather unsubtle hint. She had a soft, melodic voice, very feminine. Whoever she was, I hated her. "Is this yours?" Mrs. Hudson's door knob rattled suddenly, making me jump back from the door.
*Mariah- I love your lips when they’re wet with wine / And red with a wild desire; / I love your eyes when the lovelight lies /Lit with a passionate fire. J*
“Erm, I’m going to get going.” Shane said. Sherlock blinked – he’d forgotten the other man was still there. “Just going to say goodbye to John.”
“Come up for a nightcap.” Lestrade suggested, brushing his knuckles against Mycroft’s warm, red cheek.
“Oh!” The nurse exclaimed. “Lice.” He and Dr. Baehr reflexively stepped back. I chuckled softly. I couldn’t help myself.
He had argued in vain. Mummy had made up her mind. Sherlock was to bond with Jim Moriarty as soon as his heat was upon him – and he’d known it was imminent, he’d had the headachey, skin-too-small, itchy feeling that always presaged his heats for over a week already.
Instead of answering, Sherlock tucked his face against his Alpha’s neck and pressed himself back against his chest. John’s arms encircled him again.
The best part, the Dad voice in John's head couldn't disparage them – because they were all fine physical specimens. The training included a Tai-chi-like mixed martial arts-meditation practice that served as an outlet for Alpha aggression, and a repository for the Alpha competitive drive. As with many martial arts, the stress was on being able to stop a fight before it began, rather than beating the hell out of someone else.
"Yes." Sherlock muttered, resting his head on the back of the sofa and closing his eyes. "Yes." He would leave here tonight. The decision made him feel calmer.
That stopped his edgy fidgeting. He turned into me, melting helplessly in my arms. I kissed him soundly – in this, at least, he was like the Sherlock I knew. The full lips, the taste of him, the sweep of his tongue – all that was unchanged. I savoured it for long moments, putting all my love and care for him into my kisses.
As irritating as that was, John was relieved Sherlock hadn't awakened from his swoon in the same romantic mood he'd been in before fainting. Sherlock's naked desire to so completely intertwine his life and John's was overwhelming, discomfiting and frightening. No wonder Sherlock had run away from John – John felt like fleeing the intensity of Sherlock's emotion too.
