“Xavy, I’m warning you…”
“I’m not letting you go, Leo. Not until I know you won’t run again,” Pete said as calmly as possible, ignoring passing people who stared.
“No, at relationships,” Clint said quietly.
“That doesn’t mean…”
[Do you want me to pick something up on the way home?]
“Yeah?” Peter encouraged.
“So...you wanna go out? Like on a real date?” Steve suddenly asked, interrupting his train of thought as Tony’s eyes shot back up. The blonde looked sincere, face flushed in slight embarrassment but with that damn earnest smile of his.
He was fifteen. And while he loved the two, he had other things he’d rather be doing on a Saturday night than watch his niece fall on her butt.
“That’s right, come on sweetheart, you have to show Okoye Miles’ spray paint studio.” Emerson watched with suspicious eyes as the three left her alone with her brother in law, feeling like there was a good chance they had planned this.
“When did you guys get back?” Tony asked, content with watching his father play with his son’s fingers.
“But take it from someone who spent too long using drugs and sex to further hate themselves, it’s not going to magically erase your past. That shit’s with you for life.” He smiled when she chuckled at that, wrapping his arms around her once more as she buried her face back in his chest.
Steve and kicked both of their butts!” the pup cheered from the backseat, beginning to retell everything Pappy explained about boxing as a hand reached over and gently squeezed Steve’s.
the accident,” Clint admittedly quietly before taking a shaky breath. “My parents were only fourteen when they had Barney then popped me out a few years later. They drank and smoked and partied. They weren’t the best...but they were still my parents…” Bucky didn’t say anything as watched Clint take another shaky breath, resisting the urge to embrace his love and comfort him until he was done.
Harley knew Steve was picking him up, which may have been why the pup was pouting when the Alpha walked into the school nurse's office.
He couldn’t help but chuckle a little at that, especially when she threw a pout in his direction. Both their directions, once they heard Steve chuckle as well.
“Get the fuck off me!” Brock yelled, squirming below the much larger teen that easily held him down.
“Pete you’re too bony to be jumping on people,” Joey complained as Tony made his way into the living room, sitting on the other side of their daughter.
Naïve for a six year old, but then again – it’s not like the sixteen year old was any better at knowing what love was. Her mind drifts back to the present, blinking away treasonous tears from her eyes. She took a few more minutes to compose herself before heading to the elevator and pressing the button to her floor.
“Hey guys,” he interrupted. “Sam please grow up, the doctor is only allowing one person back right now, okay? I’ll let you know when y’all can come back.”
She had observed the small family over the last week, how Peter’s parents weren’t shy about hugging their teenage son or showing each other physical signs of love. But they recognized that she wouldn’t be okay with that right now. And that was okay. It was okay because they weren’t doing this for themselves, maybe just maybe, Emerson hoped to herself, they don’t want anything from me. Maybe they genuinely care and want me to feel safe? The negative voice in head, always prepared to shoot down what little self-esteem she could conjure, was inexplicably quiet as she cried out everything she had, everything she was. She grew very tired very quickly, thankful for the hands currently anchoring her as her cries tapered from exhaustion. She felt her eyes growing heavy and this bed particularly comfortable.
- I'm sure, but I might fuck you on the way.
- Yes, that would be great.
His heart stopped dead not knowing what attitude to adopt. He greeted everyone as if nothing had happened. Steve helped himself to his brunch, carefully avoiding meeting Tony's eyes. The genie was tapping his cup of coffee with his index finger.
- It's already a start.
With Tony, he had consumed everything from their first outing. Outing, which was not a romantic date but a business meal.
- I'll think about it, Steve sighed wearily.
He had taken a long shower struggling with the different scents he could use. He had changed clothes six times before opting for a safe bet, his black jeans and blue shirt. Tony once told him he looked gorgeous in this look. Of course, Steve had that in mind. He had even finally unwrapped the bottle of perfume Sam had given him on his birthday. Really, he had felt stupid for not being able to control himself. He had felt like that character in that vampire movie Wanda had made him watch. Bella something who was on her honeymoon with her newly newlywed husband and was panicking about spending her wedding night. He had felt like her. Relatively humiliating if you asked him.
- Oh yeah, I heard right the first time, Bucky snapped back without laughing.
- May I suggest the far dish of our evening,
Steve rolled his eyes. Obviously everyone saw that Tony had feelings for him. Just like they had all seen that he had feelings for Tony.
The waiter had smirked, satisfied with Tony's underlying compliment. With a bow, he had left them. Steve was left with his heart pounding. He had mentioned his distaste for seafood only once. It was a long time ago, at a night out with the team. Pleasantly surprised, Steve had looked at the menu, blushing at the heat spreading through his chest.
Tony let out a long sigh of relief, his shoulder muscles loosening a bit.
- I'm already worried, the soldier asked.
Steve smiled broadly. This was very promising for the possibility of them becoming a couple.
Had he cried ?
The touch of his tongue had sent Steve into a spiral of heightened sensations. His body had reacted to this with such force that he began to shake. The kiss had ignited at the first moan. Steve hadn't known who pushed him. He had been completely lost in the desire to savor that mouth and hug Tony against him in a firm grip.
Tony smiled at him, before returning his attention to the movie. Steve had stood up to go to the nearest bathroom before answering.
- Steve, please ... Tony had begged.
- Is it okay to wait ? Steve asked to make sure Tony was really comfortable with this decision.
- How about we go watch your cartoon before we find ourselves in embarrassing excitement again, Steve suggested.
Steve was stunned in shock. Bucky had just confessed his aversion to Sharon. He hid his game really well. Every time they had seen each other, Bucky had seemed to love him.
- Why not tonight ? suggested Steve already liking the idea of this date.
Steve was apprehensive. Tony could think and imagine a whole bunch of complex scenarios where it all ended in a break between them. He had hurt Tony. One more time. And his explanations may not have been enough to stop what had just happened.
- I've only been waiting for this since the first night we made love.
- The next time ? Tony noted hopefully.
And maybe the worst of all :
- Hello.
When the first images passed, Steve had to cover his ears. The sound was too loud.
- Hey soldier, that was perfect. It was even more than perfect. I don't have the words there actually, he had said, his breathing still panting, his eyes drunk with desire.
He and Steve stayed for a while in the comfort of being in each other's arms. The genie quietly digested the confession and accepted the situation.
His friend was sweating ill-contained excitement. He could understand it. Bucky was going through the same problems the serum had on this point. Since being transformed into a weapon for Hydra, he had never met again.
- I loved every second, nothing about you is disgusting. You don't have to be ashamed of having fulfilled me.
Steve smiled, his breath exhaling with relief. His Tony was there, in his arms and on his cock.
- The first time, she screamed in horror pushing me to go wash, explained Steve still disturbed by this reaction. And the second time around, she advised me to go see a specialist to fix my side effects of the serum.
However, watching a movie that he considered pornographic alongside someone was really difficult. Conversely, being alone in your room on the PornHub site was not a problem. It was all a question of limits and privacy. And Sharon had never taken into account that he might feel embarrassed and uncomfortable in certain situations.
She had called him several times the following week. Their conversation had remained very simple avoiding the elephant in the room. She was acting as if nothing had happened.
Cheating
- It's all right Tony, I'm nervous too, hence all this food.
Tony snapped him out of his thoughts by handing him a cup of coffee. Steve had felt like he had been caught red-handed. They had nevertheless discussed this wall of memories. Tony had blushed for a long time, feeling a little silly to be recognized as a sentimentalist when he said he didn't.
- Ok, I'll choose according to your tastes. Friday, opens the screening of
Steve had felt a heat ball explode in his chest. For the first time, he had made someone cum. Given so much pleasure that he had caused an orgasm. And not to anyone, he had done it to Tony. The sensations around his erection, Tony's screams, the wonderful sight beneath him was so intense that Steve didn't feel his own orgasm come.
Tony sneered as he ran over to the couch cushions to sink into them, scattering popcorn on the way. Steve laughed in turn, amused by his good-natured silliness.
For a long time Steve had been ashamed of his sexuality. Tony had completely embraced that part of him with infatuation. It was such a relief.
Once full, the shower had been inevitable. They were both exhausted, muscles limp and stiff with the pleasure that had poured out in successive phases. Steve had helped Tony clean up. The genie laughed, amused by the amount of sperm that had left his body. Steve had blushed, feeling ashamed. Tony quickly chased that feeling away.
- What ?
- Steve what's going on ? Tony worried.
Steve had squeezed him in a fierce embrace to devour his mouth with a fiery kiss.
Steve hadn't known what to do at the time. He was tempted not to answer. However, this initiative could be catastrophic. Sharon might need help, her mission going awry.
- I'm ... sorry, I didn't realize that ...
Tony was nothing more than a sobbing wreck, shouting words of betrayal and pain. Steve felt his eyes water with guilt. He could feel all of Tony's pain permeate him.
Steve smiled in relief, a light heart as his cock was still tightly sheathed inside Tony.
- Please Steve don't do that, I want to hear you.
Tony sniffled, looking away.
- Can we cuddle in front of a movie for example ?
Steve had placed a caress down Tony's face before kissing him lovingly. When they found themselves completely naked, Steve thought he was having a stroke. Tony was gorgeous.
- That's what I'm asking you, cover Tony and me while waiting for me to do things correctly with Sharon. When that is done, I would formalize my relationship with him to others.
Steve hugged him, cradling his genie in a gentle hug. He was extremely moved. A little tingling was felt in his eyes. He leaned back to meet Tony's gaze. He saw only pure and sincere love. Shaken, he leaned down to kiss her. When the kiss left its chaste gait, Steve pulled away.
He wasn't going to go all the way to explain what he had done. It was useless to delay.
A month had passed and Steve was living on cloud nine. Her relationship with Tony was just pure bliss. They discreetly went out to restaurants claiming a business dinner for the members of the team. Bucky, as promised, was covering his back. Tony and he tried to see each other as often as possible while keeping the necessary distance. Steve was still on the verge of pushing Tony against a wall and kissing him hard. Her dreams had taken over all night long, prompting her to do dirty things. Tony had more willpower, hiding in the armor when things got too hot. He had programmed Friday with a protocol called "chastity".
Steve smiles at him.
- Congratulations, Bucky cried, clapping his hands, you were the last to realize that.
- Come on baby, together...
He had been in a relationship with Sharon Carter for a few months. Three months to be exact. They saw each other every two weeks for lunch or dinner in a small local restaurant. It sometimes happened that he went to his apartment for a nightcap. He never stayed for the night. Truth be told, their first time together hadn't ended so well and Sharon's reaction hurt Steve. So rather than stay asleep, he was gone. Still, he didn't want to cut corners. He had wanted to wait before taking action. Indeed, Steve had been very clear with Sharon from the start. He came from a time when intimate relationships were reserved for marriage. Obviously, he wasn't going to wait until then, quickly reassuring her. He would have been dishonest of her after the two or three one-night stands he had during World War II. Who would have blamed him ?
- We just can't do it if I'm not honest with you.
Steve watched in fascination as a gigantic screen descended from the interior of the ceiling obscuring the Zen garden. The glass panels of the bay window turned opaque and the lights dimmed. It was even better than in a movie theater.
- Keep our relationship a secret. And not to have sex until I officially break up with Sharon, Steve replied with a little trepidation.
The soldier bit his lip, refraining from being too enthusiastic about the request. He had kissed Tony as if to pour out all the love he had for him. Steve hadn't stopped telling him how handsome he was, how gorgeous he was ... He couldn't stop the praise as his words had been kept in secret for a long time. They had needed to take them out, to express them.
- Tony, I'm sorry I left you like this this morning. I had to go run and let off steam. I had too much energy ... he apologized as he walked quickly over to Tony.
Steve dropped the phone from his hand. She had become sweaty and shaking.
The bruised expression on his face was like a shock.
- Oh Steve, I can feel you filling me up, it's so good
So it was no wonder that Steve spends a large majority of his days training the troops and spending his energy in the weight room. In the evening, he always passed by the bathroom hut for a long and delicious handjob before going to join Tony. Steve had stopped counting the movie nights that always ended with an unpleasant touch of the armor on his body. Tony and he always found themselves laughing at this situation. Every evening, Steve wisely returned to his quarters although he was anxious to stay for the night. A decision that wouldn’t have been wise because Tony wasn’t sleeping with the reactor.
As for their friendship, it was on the way to rebuilding week after week. Tony was spending as much time as possible with team members, despite working long hours in his lab and at Stark Industry. Team building sessions were always successful. These were the best times Steve was having as Tony had become more accessible, more serene. And finally, like a broken bone re-welded, their friendship had grown stronger than before.
- I was thinking of you, she replied with a soft moan.
Steve had closed his eyes, overwhelmed by his own excitement as Tony continued to roll his hips. And he had given a series of horribly loud moans. He had known he wasn't going to last. His cock throbbed in his pants. However, he couldn't stop kissing Tony like his life depended on it.
- Give birth Stevie ! Bucky said suddenly, taking a sip of his coffee.
She chuckled. A horrible laugh that had made him roll his eyes. She could be irritating at times. Even more now that he didn't want her in his life anymore.
Steve suddenly wanted to make himself tiny or sink into the floor to hide.
Her mouth tasted like coffee and a hint of strawberry chewing gum. His hands were wrapped in his hair, pulling the strands to push his head back to kiss that neck that had tempted him so much.
With Tony he was going to have to do it a lot. And maybe one day his emotional defense mechanisms wouldn't hurt him anymore. Steve was going to work on it so Tony wouldn't self-grieve anymore.
- "But you put the pieces back together until I got a brand new body, literally and figuratively. You made me so much more… how does Bucky say already ? Doll, Queen ?, Bambi, BabyDoll ... Oh, and he made me up a whole new one the other day, Kitten "
- No, you're right. I’m yours, entirely, my body, my soul ... and even my mind that you completely blew out last night.
Then suddenly Tony had grabbed his forearms, his fingers digging hard into his flesh. His facial features had frozen in an expression of ecstasy as his rectum tightened around his cock. Tony had let out several high-pitched moans before his erection ejected several strings of cum onto his stomach and chest.
- Sorry, Tony apologized flatly, I forgot to tell Friday before the launch. I'm a little nervous actually.
- What do you want to watch ? asked the brunette.
Until a fateful call where Steve almost lost all reason.
- Wait what, can you repeat ? Bucky jumped wide-eyed.
- I know, I know your insecurities but I know we can make it work, Steve reassured him.
- You’re wiser than me, retorted Steve.
And the evening had continued with fun and pleasant conversation. So much so that they hadn't seen the time pass until the waiter came to warn them that they were going to close soon. Tony had footed the bill, making Steve blush who had taken out his credit card by reflex.
- I cheated on Sharon !
Prologue
Revenge was being planned.
- I'm completely naked, my toy sunk deep in thinking it's you.
Giving Bucky an answer about how he felt during his scorching night with Tony was beyond his reach. Or the words hadn't yet been coined to define it.
Tony had called for a hug, their bodies closing in on each other as they kissed passionately. Steve had never felt such a connection, his soul leaving his being to unite with Tony's.
When he woke up, having a smile on his lips as he looked at the hugged man, Steve realized what he had done.
He had cheated on Sharon !
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, he had passed the rectal ring. Tony had arched his back, muscles tight with the intrusion, heaving a small gasp of contentment. The sensation on his compressed penis inside Tony had left him moaning. He tensed when he heard himself like that. Tony had smiled at her, eyes twinkling with ravenous hunger. Encouraged, he let himself go.
Not to help the situation, Bucky urged him to take action and debauch Tony in a hot and passionate fuck.
- Friday turn the volume down to 30%, Tony yelled.
At the sensation, Tony had thrust his pelvis forward, rubbing his hard cock against his erection. Steve must have stood up to utter a cry of pleasure mixed with surprise. At the time he had been scared, but Tony had wrapped his leg around his hip to maintain contact. Steve had plunged his eyes stinking with lust into Tony's. He was going to lose control, he had known that the instant his genius licked his lips. Before even any semblance of reason came to him, Steve had lifted Tony into his arms.
- Which is legitimate. When are you going to break up with her ?
Tony's apartment had been surprising to Steve. He had expected it to be ostentatious and gigantic. It had not been. It was certainly spacious, the kitchen open to the living room. The large bay window overlooked a landscaped Zen garden, where a small fountain cooled the ambient air. Steve realized that the decoration was very Feng Shui. It was amazing to see Tony's eclectic tastes. A trait that Steve had discovered that evening. Another discovery caught Steve off guard. On a section of wall, near what must have been a bedroom, were hung photo frames.
He had wanted to flee, but his legs had not operated. Instead, he had grabbed Tony in his arms, kissing him breathlessly. He had wanted to hope, to believe in these words. And Tony had responded eagerly to his lips.
- Could we see the changes you made to my uniform this morning Tony ? he asked her.
And what he wanted had been sitting quietly on the living room couch. Unintentionally, he had caressed his erection on the denim of his jeans. He had let out a moan. In his horror, he had realized what he was doing. It was evil and perverse. He didn't want to fantasize about her. Never. He had just wanted to surrender to Tony and break this nonsense his decision once and for all. Unfortunately, he hadn't hit the "off" button but had triggered the speaker in his panic.
- Steve, you're really going to have to make me a list of what we can and cannot do.
Before they talked about getting into a serious relationship, everything was uncertain. Indeed, happiness was unstable even though his heart still skipped a beat when Tony stood by his side. Let that become a reality and Steve was ready to fight anyone who stood up between them.
He had not considered this scenario before. He was caught off guard, so unprepared to respond to the future woman he was going to break up with. In addition, he held in his arms the lover who meant so much to him. Here is a scenario which made him ill.
Steve tightened his embrace.
The soldier had thrown his head back, eyes rolling in their sockets as the words paralyzed his brain. The aftershocks were equally devastating, making him shake and pant.
He saw Tony swallow back his saliva, his fingers twitching in spite of himself.
Steve asked him what to wear, making Tony laugh. The genius having answered him that he could put on what he wanted, that he was good in everything he wore. A compliment that warmed Steve's heart but surprised Tony. The question of genius had therefore been legitimate
- I would also like to multiply the really super intense night that you gave me. I mean, make love to you.
- You said you loved me, liar, Tony cried in tears. I trusted you and you... Why are you so cruel ? What did I do to you to make you want to destroy me like this ?
- Friday, you can announce me please.
Steve had felt like he was totally sucked into this hot and humid lair. It took his breath away, his heart beating a mile. He had wanted to do so many things at the time, like share a kiss with Tony, pat his hair, tell him how amazing he was… He hadn't had the strength.
- Sex with Doll, how was it ?
- The serum, I'm having trouble controlling it. Especially since I have a super sexy boyfriend on hand.
A quick walk through the medical area and Bruce had given him a nice bandage. Wanda had promised to take care of him, Vision helping her get back to her quarters to rest.
So when Tony invited him, he didn't hesitate.
- Steve my bedroom, let's go to my bedroom.
He was there now, watching his life shatter by his own fault.
- I'm sorry, we're going to have to decline. My guest is seafood intolerant. Could you give us a moment to find another one of your wonders to taste ?
- And it's now that you tell me.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed.
- Pop corn ! Tony exclaimed, gently pushing Steve away with the bowl, Friday put us Moana from Disney ...
Steve had swallowed doubtfully. Phone sex !
He was horrified to understand what Tony had interpreted. A conversation too long and the genie had come to make sure everything was fine. A moan, a view of what was going on in the bathroom and Sharon's voice ... Tony had witnessed this. Like a deception. Somehow it wasn’t totally wrong.
- Forget it, I wouldn't go, Tony sniffed after this emotionally intense admission, 45's technology is incompatible with my genius.
- You drive !
As soon as the schedule was reviewed, Steve walked quickly towards the lab. The morning was not going to be easy. He was mentally preparing to be lynched. He was crossing his fingers not to lose his friendship with Tony. Frankly, to be really honest with himself, Steve didn't want to lose what had already started between them.
The conversation during the ride was a mix of jokes and teasing, often leaving them both twisted with laughter.
This power Tony had just mentioned went both ways. In one sentence, he had totally torn part of his heart out. His guilt constantly molesting him. Steve didn't want to have sex anymore, he wanted to cry instead. Tony instantly noticed that those words had just made his lover suffer. That was absolutely not the point.
Steve had gone to the restaurant that had Tony's favorite cheeseburgers. He had done the same with his favorite pizza and Thai. The insulated box he had in the trunk was filled with food. He might have gone overboard a bit, but with his metabolism it was better to be careful. However, did he need to fill the other cooler with ice cream, milkshakes and all kinds of treats ?
- What do you mean ? Tony asked, frowning in concern.
- Is it at this point ? Bucky noted.
- So what do we do ? Tony asked finally needing to know which way they were going.
- I asked Tony to wait until I broke up with Sharon before making love again and ... "
- It's okay Steve, he had whispered, his eyes shining with unshed tears. You can make as much noise as you want. People other than me can hear you here. It's soundproof, remember ? Never be ashamed of what the serum gave you. It doesn't define you. He never did.
Most of the dishes had been complicated for Steve. A large majority of the menu was written in Italian. He was so lost that he finally asked Tony to order for him. Steve had known that he already wouldn't have the trouble to swallow something that contained mussels or periwinkles.
Honestly, he couldn't stand it anymore. His masturbatory frequency had become a handicap in the long run. He was pretty sure Natasha had caught him in the act once. She had had that characteristic mischievous smile.
At eight zero zero Steve was at the front door of Tony's apartment. Both hands are gripped by the cooler and the isothermal box.
The meal had been enjoyable, Tony explaining the latest improvements he had made to his uniform. In the star of his breastplate, he had arranged a nanite reactor. If Steve wanted, armor like Iron Man's could cover him completely. Tony had pulled out a tablet and handed it to Steve to show him the new abilities in 3D. More flexible, the Kevlar plates replaced by Zilon fiber. Steve had been captivated by Tony's technological prowess. He couldn't wait to try out his new costume. It was always an adventure in itself.
- I want to talk about what happened last night ?
Steve had let himself be carried away by his desire to touch that skin, kissing every square inch. His hands had caressed her body with sensuality and teasing touches leaving Tony breathless.
Tony went limp in his arms, as if giving up the fight. Steve held him tighter against him, cradling their bodies together. The embrace was fierce, challenging anyone who wanted to tear Tony away from her.
- Sharon I don't think...
- Always speaking wise words, noted Steve.
- Cap, you're good at anything. Your outfit would never be incorrect.
They both obviously wanted it and Steve was ready to reverse that decision. Besides, at that moment, he was really determined to take Tony to his room and completely depress him. The desire to defile and take possession of his body was relentless.
And Steve lost all sense of propriety when Tony opened his legs for him. He gasped at the sight that played out before his eyes. Tony's cock was just a work of art. Long and thin, curved by a red glans and dripping with pre-ejaculate. His round and shapely testicles had generous and promising shapes. And her hole was pink, dripping with a clear lubricating substance Steve had wanted to drip.
Thank you for your ineluctable support. You're incredible.
Steve could easily imagine Tony's shaking legs. The genie had quickly turned pale and staggered to his feet as they walked over to the sofa. Obviously, he was anxious that he was trying not to show it.
“Do I…should we go to the hospital?” she asked sleepily, feeling safe in his arms. “I wanna make sure they didn’t do…anything,” she finished looking down at her lap. She felt him go rigid around her in fear.
It was absolutely gorgeous.
“Look, I’d appreciate it if –”
Steve looked back down at their kid before answering the unspoken question. “We uh…met her mother today.”
“Aha! I knew it,” the billionaire said between laughs. Steve rolled his eyes heavily, again, before tickling the man in his lap. “Steven!” the man shrieked, which only prompted the super soldier to continue with his assault until the other man conceded.
The boy smiled in response, gently taking the towel and running it over her legs.
“I believe you have had too much to drink friend, shall I call you a cab?” Thor asked politely, not looking like he was trying very hard to keep Rumlow in place.
“What if I told you, I want you to say…blue?” Emerson asked mysteriously.
“Monkeys Papa! Monkeys!” Harley cried out from the stroller, pointing further into the zoo with his tiny hand.
PETER
“Yeah but how’s he supposed to start healing if he doesn’t talk about what happened?”
They drove in silence as Steve thought over what just happened. It wasn’t until they pulled in front of his apartment that he said what he’d been thinking.
“Of course, cub. But that doesn’t mean you can use that word for evil. Like you two ganging up on me.”
The three were spread out among the large couch under a mass of blankets. There were used tissues scattering the floor next to empty water bottles, Peter carefully walking around the trash to address the diseased.
“What?” Tony asked in shock as he watched his father walk over to the small couch and sit with Harley still in his arms. “What are you talking about?”
“I…would actually love that. Except I think my rollover days for being grounded caught up to me. So it might be a while.”
"That's awesome! If you weren't going to I was prepared to take in my biggest fan," Peter teased at their dads. "No but seriously, having Miles as a little brother would be amazing. Good for you guys."
“What?” his husband whispered harshly. “Look how cute you guys are,” he said as he showed the arachnid his phone. Peter couldn’t help smiling, cause damn that was a really cute picture of the two of them.
(it wasn’t stupid, Tony founded the damn thing and they had scheduled this months ago…but once again the universe hated him as the timing couldn’t be worse)
"Well we don't want to over stay our welcome, we should be getting back to Asgard anyway," Thor said as he loudly clapped his brother's shoulder.
"Pop?" she asked as she pulled on his sleeve, the man stopping to listen. "Is it cool if I take a nap?" The blonde smiled as he nodded, placing his arm around her shoulder as they followed the group. He hugged her at the door to her private guestroom, kissing her on the head as the others looked at where they'd be staying.
Nat and her girlfriend were going to Australia after graduation, the two talking about traveling before deciding on what school or career they wanted.
“I lost both my parents when I was 20,” he found himself confessing, “they also died in a car accident.”
“It’s fucking six am, Tony,” he heard his husband growl in his ear. Tony couldn’t help the smile that instantly spread across his face, or the little sleepy giggle he let out as Steve squeezed him a little tighter. He kept his eyes closed, convincing himself they’d just fall back asleep when Steve began kissing the man’s cheek.
“Not if I can help it!” Steve snapped back with a raised voice, startling himself and his love. Tony’s face scrunched up in a panic-confusion combo as he stared back at him. The super soldier sighed heavily before deciding now was the time to admit a secret of his.
“Well, for one thing you were completely distracted on the job – something I thankfully got to witness first hand…” Steve felt the shred of anger dissipate into laughter, enjoying hear Tony’s laugh join in. “Come on Steve, what was your dream job as a kid? Surely you didn’t want to be dealing with flammable drunks and horny billionaires?”
“So you like my Daddy?” Steve was startled by the question, but didn’t halt in preparing dinner.
He focused on his breathing in this present moment, thankful that the normal sounds of the hospital came back to him. It was laughing that finally had him open his eyes he didn’t realize he had closed.
“Yeah, kind of,” Buck said a small smile as he brought the trash can out to dump the flour in. Steve looked over at his brother, whose smile had immediately faded to a frown as the man plopped down on the mostly-cleaned couch.
“You two looked precious out there,” Clint smirked, clasping his hands together obnoxiously.
"I don't want a party!" she said with her arms in the air, reminding the genius a little too much of himself.
CLINT
“We’re in public!” she wheezed out, flailing as this ridiculously strong human continued carrying her the short distance to the car – not even acknowledging the few bystanders staring.
“I’m sorry you didn’t get to see the rest of the animals, Daci. And that, you know, your Dad’s kind of a dick.” That put a smile on her face, curling up next to the blonde when he sat by her. Without any prompting, she climbed into his lap and made herself comfortable in the arms of the archer she trusted whole-heartedly. “Plus for the record, I think you did the right thing. It’s not like you used your brain-squashing ability…” She could only grunt in disapproval at his suggestion, burrowing further into his embrace when he chuckled and tightened his arms around her. “You know what I mean, I just...don’t beat yourself up too much over it, okay?”
“Could you give your dads and me some privacy? Official Avengers business, kiddo,” he continued, smiling at the teen.
“It might be your brain trying to protect itself. Instead of sitting in that pain, your brain blocks your thoughts from continuing… I recognize you don’t have control over that, Emerson.”
“There somethin’ wrong with being a woman?” Bucky growled, taking a step in front of his young daughter. His brother had a few inches on the tallest among them.
No more than six.
Though sometimes they’d go grab coffees or walk through the park.
That was always fun.
. You can tell me these things because we’re a
“Oh? Pray tell, what would that be?”
“Do I have to listen to you two having sex?” Miles asked with a pout.
"You coming shell-head?" he asked, laughing when the man visibly shook off his anger and then started shaking off his clothes.
"Oh, okay. I see how it is! I can give you one of my kidneys, but go run and hug the super soldier? That's fine. Whatever, not like I matter, right?" At that moment Tony joined the group in the kitchen, laughing along with the other three at their daughter's silly antics.
The other side of her craved reassurance and loved Steve despite his many faults and relished at the idea of at least being near him…
When she was twelve, and about six months before her Dad was taken away from her, she tried pot for the first time.
“How are you calm about this, Steve? My son hates our little peanut!”
“Tony!”
"He's mine, alright? I get it. This is karma coming back to bite me," she said as Peter came back in holding the toddler's clothes.
“No I am,” she replied quickly, “just thinking.” She looked questioningly back and forth
His laughter died down at the realization of what this all meant.
to tell Steve the truth…he was just slightly
“Alright, Tony,” Steve said in her defense, “she’s clearly saying she’s been punished enough.”
“Here I am!” she shouted, jumping to the side to suddenly become ‘visible’ again.
show your ugly face here. You’re going to jail for what you fucking did to me.”
Harley, being the strong-willed pup that he was, kept his chin up and just glared back at Tony.
“Okay,” Tony said as he felt sleepiness seep into him. Snuggling a little closer to his pup, arms wrapped tight around his first born, he allowed himself to drift off to sleep.
“See Bucky? Even Steve can do it. Can you,
Buck was a great catcher, catching fly balls and getting the other team out at second every time they tried to steal. And every time he got up to bat, he knocked the shit out of the ball and ended up on base.
! There is a
“Kate says I ain’t gotta tell you
"Emerson," he said gripping both hands on her shoulders. "Did you just consciously try to jump out the window?" She shook her head no in reassurance, unsure if he figured out it was a flashback.
Like they hadn’t done everything in their power to make her feel welcome in their family? Into Tony’s rich-ass life?
He handed over a single piece of paper, the genius carefully taking it and gazing upon the image before him.
“Where’d Joey go?” the boy asked Steve directly, as if he knew.
“It’s okay Tony,” Steve answered as he shifted his son more comfortably on his lap, “some not nice girl at school insulted you, me
“Bye,” she said, not trying to be subtle as she stared at her ass. She only stopped when Xavier slapped her shoulder. She turned back to glare at the fucker, rubbing her arm as she shoved him forward to the store.
Shit was terrifying.
After he parked, the two got out before Tony gently grabbed his son’s shoulders.
“Well,” Steve reluctantly said as he ran his hands up and down the brunette’s thighs, “if you don’t keep it in your wallet then I guess you can keep it. But if I find out
“I’m sorry, Buck. I’m sorry for not coming to more games. And I’m sorry for not being there for you with Clint. I should have-”
One day, he caught some jerks cornering Clint in the hall and told them to buzz off. When they scattered, his boyfriend called him an ‘asshole’ and yelled at him about being able to ‘fend for himself.’
Daci did not understand why adults wanted to kiss. That looked painful.
"You call him that?" Tony asked the boy before the god could respond.
Both Tony and Steve were looking at her with their faces scrunched up, either from shock or frustration, probably both. Tony was the first to speak.
Steve didn’t register he’d even swung his fist until he saw and heard the thud as the man collapsed to the ground. A frantic and hysterical Susan made her way back into view, throwing the pill bottle at his chest and sat down by her husband – shouting at him to leave.
“You...felt the crash didn’t you?” Tony asked, getting his answer when his mate looked away from him. “Oh Steve, I'm so sorry.”
“I would never let him do that,” Kimberly whispered.
Holy shit. He was going to kill Tiberius.
Bucky frowned when he realized why she was laughing, and playfully shoved his brother as they turned down the cereal aisle.
His mind drifts back to his ex…who was now overseas in the marines… leaving him behind. After he thought he had convinced Wade to stay and go to community college – become a paramedic – Wade instead decided that wasn’t good enough, leaving a note after one of their…especially fun nights together. He had slept at Wade’s place, a small one bedroom apartment. He had previously told Peter about emancipating from his parents and using an uncle’s inheritance to pay for everything. He remembers bragging to his dads about how responsible his boyfriend was, now sick with the memory as he looked at the note taped to the back of his locker.
“Yeah that...that makes sense. Thank you, T’Challa,” she said sincerely but unable to look him in the eye. He reminded her too much of Shuri and everything just piled on top of each other. Fuck she really misses her wife. “I’m going to go eat something, you want anything?” she asked as she got up off the couch, still not looking him in the eye.
"Miles, your palate is phenomenal," Tony said as his youngest just looked confused back at his father.
“Oh…my brother, he uh…he died a few years ago,” Steve said, always feeling that pang in his heart when he said it out loud.
“What is going on?” one of them asked, looking at bitch one and bitch two for an answer.
“Stark? Where do I know that name from?” Steve asked as Sam shot him an unimpressed look.
“You left a note,” Steve repeated back.
“Oh, well he knew he was going to have a tough day at work today. He wasn’t looking forward to it is all.”
“Looking good kiddo! I brought you some spare clothes and Wolf,” her blonde father said as he joined them, putting the items on the bathroom counter. “So, how’s your first bubble bath?”
“Joey I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t genuinely want to know. I could’ve just driven past you, but I care about you. If you don’t feel like talking about it, that’s fine too. But my offer still stands, okay?” she said, waiting a moment before grabbing the remote and putting the TV on. It was muted, giving Joey the option to opt out of opening up right now.
“Tony Stark? Billionaire playboy? You’ve probably seen him on magazine covers in the grocery store, Mr. Lives-under-a-rock.”
Tony rasped out as he was thankful Steve spoke for the both of them.
She lets her mind drift back to the present to enjoy her current view. She was looking at the flowers on display outside of a small floral store, waiting for her Pops to grab their lunch from across the street before they would head to the park for a picnic. She bent down to smell some daffodils, taking her time to enjoy all the flowers. She turned her focus on some colorful tulips when she suddenly had the feeling that someone was watching her, fear ran up her spine as that feeling never turned out well for her in her past. She turned slowly to a figure standing a few feet away staring at her. Emerson could feel her heart stop.
“With you?” Tony rhetorically asked with tears in his eyes. “Fuck yes I will.” He went back to attacking the blonde’s lips as the Alpha growled below him. Tony had only ever heard that in the bedroom, so a gush of slick quickly dampened his pants. “Take me to your bed, Alpha,” he husked out as he saw Steve’s eyes dilate. “Maybe you can fuck more pups into me.”
“…great? Your dad ambushes you at school to yell at your teacher and it was great?”
“Tony...your Alpha Prime is the Alpha you
"Now, I know you guys don't like pets, but -"
“Was he now? Well, sounds like the lad is malnourished. Come along Harley, Pappy’s got some ice cream sandwiches in his office,” the Alpha said to the pup, reaching a hand out to the boy. Harley smiled and grabbed his hand before standing up.
“I made sure there was no security footage! And Harry...wouldn’t snitch on me-”
“You know she’s still besties with Staci, right?”
She let out a sob, remembering what she said to Steve. He wrapped his arms around the blanket burrito, bringing her close to his chest.
“It may take some time for him to wake up, so don’t fret. We’ll be checking in on his vitals frequently,” she assured the husband who was now at his love’s bedside.
“Daci, hey cub,” her Tati said as he walked over to no doubt pull her into a hug. But before he could, Daci interrupted him.
, who never told him about this…particular ex.
“Regardless, it’s not a conversation that’ll happen until Pete’s done being grounded,” his Dad said with finality.
“Well I guess we’ll have to have a movie night after dinner, won’t we?” the Omega said as he walked around and loudly kissed the pup’s cheek. Steve watched for a moment, a smile on his face as he wondered if this was a life he could have.
“Oh I, I would love that. And...I...I love you too...Papa.” Hearing the name Tony had been telling Peter these last few weeks...coming out of his other pup’s mouth...got tears out of the Alpha. “Was that okay?” Harley asked shyly, probably noticing the change in Steve’s smell.
"-It's not that we don't like animals, it's just a lot of upkeep and with our jobs..." Steve trailed off as he thought seriously about it.
"I guess not..."
“Tony,” Steve said in a quieter tone. “Why do you think I retired?” The blonde frowned when his husband visibly winced at that.
“Hey now, Buck. How can you say that? You’re doing a great job with Daci, you’re already giving her everything she needs and more.” Steve hesitated before reaching a hand out to rest on the other man’s shoulder. “She’s already changed into a happier and healthier kid in the short amount of time she’s been here.”
“Sorry, that totally sucks Jo.”
Joey,” he said, quickly kissing the boy’s cheek before he gently pushed the boy off his lap. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go make dinner,” he said as he walked to the kitchen.
“It’s just you know...hard to shake off some things from the past,” Clint added with a shrug, weaving his arms around James and smashing his face in his neck. He smiled when he heard James hum in understanding, returning the hug and placing a kiss on Clint’s temple.
,” Joe whispered, freezing Tony a little in his embrace.  It only lasted a moment before Tony tightened his hold on the man and fully embraced the hug. The older brunette held him there for a moment before placing a fatherly kiss on his head.
“Oh honey, we are all well aware of that…” Tony quipped, unable to pass on such an opportunity. He laughed once Joey started, unable to help himself from bellowing when his husband genuinely looked offended at him for the joke. He took a moment to compose himself.
"Wait, so do you want to wait on the haircut?" Steve asked before she left.
“I think Peter can wait a few more minutes while we shower, that always wakes me right up,” Tony offered after his glare broke and he smiled down at the man.
“I don’t drink tea!” Steve blurted out, inwardly cringing even when Tony chuckled at his outburst. “I just mean...I don’t care that you have a pup. In fact, it makes me feel better knowing you didn’t just leave from a night of bad sex.”
Steve’s face was adorably pink as he closed his eyes and pouted.
“I mean...well yeah nobody’s perfect. But I…” he paused, not liking how ‘love’ would sound on his tongue. Wait...did he really love Vi? Right now the feeling felt fuzzy as other parts of his mind started to become clear of the fog that had settled in his brain.
tell her it was something innocent like a food fight. You know, why you guys got a new couch. We can discuss the details over the dinner you two are treating us to; while we also discuss what presents you’ll get us.” She wiggled her eyebrows before she joined Peter’s extension of a fist-bump, all the while smiling at the two silent superheroes. After another moment of victorious silence, she continued.
Others were his full body in different poses, mostly hunched over working on something.
“Where did that come from?” Emerson asked. “Bambi?”
“Oh my god, Joey what happened?” he asked as he gently inspected the wound. Her brain was still fuzzy, the real shock of all this freezing her in place. She hadn’t missed a day of meds since her last seizure…
Luckily no one seemed to really notice, or mind. Especially Steve, who only beamed at every minute they got to spend together after school and on the weekends. He never questioned why they hadn’t been back to Tony’s house, just assumed they’d spend most of their time at the Rogers’ when they hung out after school.
“Son?” Steve asked, tears in his eyes as he remembered he had a crowd of people behind him anxiously waiting for news. “Tony’s going to be okay,” he said to them, smiling at the cheers as he walked over to his six year old. “Harley...your Daddy needs time to recover then we can go see him. In the meantime...do you want to come with me and meet your baby brother?”
“I like your shirt,” she said, pointing at his tiny Batman shirt.
“Haven’t heard any complaints yet, Sir,” Wade retaliated.
"You plan on being Spiderman
try out calling you guys by what Peter calls you. But someone lost their Pop privileges already.”
STEVE
doing up here, Phillip?” he smirked back up at the man, remaining sitting in his spot.
“I know you are but what am I?” his father said with his tongue out, proving his point. Peter rolled his eyes fondly as he heard Leo laugh again at that, before walking over to the closest chair. One of his Dad’s tablets was on a nearby table, so he grabbed that before plopping onto his seat.
“Tony baby you are the parent, you get to decide who’s a part of his life. He can change his mind when he’s eighteen but right now
She glared at the device before turning that glare back at the genius.
, Tony realized with a sickening dread.
“I’ll let
“Wait...really?” Tony asked in surprise, probably just confused as Daci felt.
"Your majesty, I...I realize -"
“You saw my back?” she asked, finally looking into Steve’s blue eyes with her green ones.
“You’re really going to make me say it?” Tony asked with a pout as Steve remained quiet. “
That part he hadn’t quite planned on admitting. They were almost three months into their relationships, marriage was a little absurd of a thought. But he realized he said the right thing when he told the truth, loving the way Tony’s smile grew as he scooted closer to Steve.
“Why are you getting this spanking, Jo?” he asked quietly, large palm gently hovering over her fiery backside, most definitely red and radiating off heat at this point.
And it was addressed to her.
child like that on
“Ma please -”
Maybe he didn’t know she was even alive.
-Happy,” she liked to call him – to drive her to and from school, but she politely declined. It was bad enough when kids at school made fun of her; she never wanted to give them any ammunition. So she took public transportation, assuring her dads it was safe and easy.
“Holy fuck, Stevie...you’re bonded? You’re actually bonded to that guy?”
“Oh, like a
"His mother, Annette, left him a note explaining everything. Why she had to leave him, who his father was and that he had a half-sister out there somewhere. With my birth name written on it. It's not explicit in the letter but...it seems that before he was put in prison, he visited Annette one last time. And, well, she kept and loved the product of a...non consensual experience. And now he's in foster care with my friend. But the house that Jenny swears up and down is one of the good ones, is looking into sending him away."
?” she asked him in a harsh whisper. {
It jiggled but stayed closed, meaning it was locked.
“No, but I do like wizards!”
“You sure you want Pappy teaching him? You know he taught me to fight dirty, right?” Buck asked as he passed the other Alpha, reaching into the mini fridge for a gatorade.
“Tony,” Steve said in a more confident voice, pulling back and looking deep into Tony’s eyes, hands still gently cupping his face. “You are the one thing in my almost one hundred years of making decisions that I have never second guessed. You...baby you gave me a home. You were one of the first faces I saw in this century...and you helped me acclimate after being in the ice. I…” the blonde chuckled, which Tony thought offhandedly was one of his favorite sounds. “I have not done a good job of reminding you. And I’m sorry for that.”
“Okay J, please do so.”
“Peter, you should be happy your Dad and I have such an active love life. It means that after over twenty years we still obviously love each other.” Steve said, standing up to clear the table off.
“Lay off your Papa, she doesn’t stay up to date on the cool hip lingo like I do,” George teased, getting a groan from his teenage sister.
“Okay, um...could you possibly email me? That doesn’t require any charges to a phone bill…”
Steve just shook his head fondly as he watched the two go, his heart filling with more warmth than he thought possible when his love happened to also call him at that moment.
“Another time, he tried to jump off our second-story balcony because there was a kitty on the ground,” she said with a teasing grin. Joey looked shocked and turned to frown at him.
Joey felt frozen in place as she painfully watched her little brother feel this way because of her. She felt someone bring her into a side hug, recognizing Rhodey and ever thankful for him as she felt her legs suddenly turn to jelly.
The sounds of footsteps banged their way to him and before he knew it his brother was next to him, confusion in his scent as he bent down to the other Alpha.
“Don’t thank him, Daci. He just loves his Papa’s stories cause I’m surrounded by traitors,” Tony said to his kids as he grabbed Morgan from Peter before sitting on the other side of Daci with the baby in his lap.
“I like that name!” she said as she turned to the toddler and baby sitting with Tony. “What about Harley and Morgan? What are their middle names?”
“Minor burns and cuts, we gave him some pain meds so he should be fine,” Steve said finally looking at the woman and offering a smile – praying his voice sounded as confident as it did in his head.
“No. I’m not. I haven’t loved him like that since I met your father.” He answered honestly. He hadn’t thought about Bucky like that in a long time. Not since he was frozen and woke up to find that billionaire-genius-asshole who he’d eventually recognize as his other half. Tony was the one who made his heart stutter, the one who could predict what Steve was going to say or do, always able to read him like a book. He trusted Bucky with his life, but he trusted that stubborn, short, beautiful man with his whole heart.
“Oh, it gets crazier. He’s Steve’s friend,” Tony said, clarifying when Rhodey didn’t look impressed. “From
Like, right past him.
“I’m working on the theory of self-sustaining energy. Creating a clean energy source that will never need recharging. For example, if my calculations are correct, this device should be able to power the mansion for six months,” Tony asked as he pointed at the machine.
he won’t let me punch a girl in the face.” She stole a glance at her Pop whose eyes rolled again, though he was also smiling.
With everything going on…she just wanted a drink. She figured she could get away with a few hours after school, as long as she was back in time for dinner. May was chill, she’d understand if she was a little late. She just needed something to take the edge off of all of this and help her calm the fuck down.
“It’s a lot of things, actually. Adjusting to a new life with a celebrity billionaire as a parent, a private school with snotty fuck-boys and bitches who pick on me for being both gay and the child of gays – oh but not really because they’re ‘
“That wasn’t your fault and…I can’t imagine the kind of guilt you’ve been carrying around all these years. You were only six years old; cognitively speaking your mind didn’t know better…you did what you thought was right.” Emerson closed her eyes tightly, not wanting to hear what else her therapist might add. Like she could convince her she was anything but a monster.
“HEY! That’s not true. I didn’t sell you, did I Ashley?” the thirty three year old woman  said, baffling the teen with the shear amount of ego you needed for such a statement.
PETER
Though the blonde would never admit it out loud, he was really a kind soul. When Buck had mentioned that to him once, he remembers his boyfriend swatting him for ruining his ‘hoodlum status’. It made Bucky wonder how someone who had been so hurt by this world still found it in their heart to still be so...good.
“Hey! Knock it off you two!” Mrs. Sanders shouted from around the corner, glaring at them until they broke apart.
me, therefore they are
“Hey, Em, Steve, everything okay?” his husband asked.
“Well, then tell me! Miles. Which princess are you going to be?”
“You cannot go naked to the grocery store. You have to wear clothes,” he said for the thousandth time, holding out the cute dress he’d picked out for her.
“Bullshit,” his Dad muttered, though loud enough for the other two to hear as they sharply turned in shock to the man. “Petey, you can handle anything.”
“I saw her in court just before she started school here. I was there for…well that’s not important. What is, is that she gets a second chance after what she went through.” Peter nearly melted at the genuine comment. He didn’t expect the next petty words to come out of his own mouth.
“Oh,” he said, momentarily stopping the assault, “just that it’ll be hard to find dresses in our sizes. And by ‘our sizes’ I mean you freaks taller than five nine. Plus we still have the charity thing tonight.” Steve groaned at the reminder, glaring a little at the man who just smiled brightly back at him. “Don’t stress doll, I already have a different pair of costumes picked for that.” Tony wiggled his brows at him while Steve heavily resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
“I’ll let our mighty warriors in,” Tony offered before the the ladies could get up, smile on his face as he went to answer the door.
“So, what all did you hear?” He figured he’d cut straight to the point, no use lying to the girl. He grabbed the chocolate and began heating it up in a pot on the stove. He looked up at her as she hopped up on a nearby counter, smiling before waiting for her response.
“Hey sweetheart, congrats on your spelling test,” Uncle Steve said with a smile as she suddenly got more excited to talk about her painting.
And Steve found himself looking forward to it all week.
“Seriously?” the arachnid asked, glaring at the man who was completely unfazed by it. “Leo, you’re not in trouble, I know who’s responsible here,” he said, glad to see a smile appear on the boy’s face. “Has he introduced you to his bots yet?”
“I said Pop,
“And you...did you read to me?” Daci felt her cheeks blush pink before nodding in answer. It was easier to talk to the Hulk for some reason. “And...did you call me Uncle Bruce?” She could feel her cheeks turn red and glanced at him, waiting for him to not be okay with it before she saw the man smile.
“This is your Daddy, the one I’ve been telling you about,” Steve whispered with a smile. “Tony, this is our son.”
to take on a kid with such…baggage,” the man finished carefully. And yeah, okay
"Would you please
“It means if you even think about yelling at this child I will fucking dump you, okay?” He heard Joey gasp at that as his own mouth hung open in disbelief.
“Just after 5 pm here, baby girl,” she heard her Pop say as she settled under covers. “Your Dad and I should be there tomorrow night, okay?”
“I need to pee so badly. I don’t want to move her, but she’s been on my bladder for the last thirty minutes…”
They ended up letting Harley see him the next weekend for a few hours, since Tony wasn’t ready to let him spend the night. He dropped off his pup at the hotel Ty was staying at, forcing a smile as he watched his son run into Stone’s arms. The Alpha was a little taken aback, but still lifted the pup into his arms.
He brought his hand to stroke the boy’s cheek, glad to see his little shoulder’s lax a little at his father’s words. Peter looked up at him and gave him a small smile.
Clint shook his head no, feeling more guilty for this.
“Oh, honey,” he said as he tightened his hold on her. “I’m okay, It was just a bad dream. I’m alive and well, I promise I’m not going anywhere, okay?
“She’d be delighted!” Xavier exclaimed with his hands clapped together.
“I would
. Tell Steve the truth, pig out on some junk food and take comfort in your wonderful family. Or have Steve fuck you silly, I know that usually calms you down,” she smiled as he laughed at her.
"Jesus you two, if you're wanting grandchildren you're going to have to wait until Petey here knocks some girl up. I told you I don't want kids."
“Wow, that’s so cool Harley,” the Alpha said with a bright smile. Tony watched the two and fell just a little bit more in love with the blonde.
“Be nice,” she said with her own stern expression, which quickly broke when the archer bellowed in laughter.
Well, almost everything…
But then he heard movement followed by the sounds of footsteps, then the door opened a little and Brock stood there. Well, leaned there, he was very obviously drunk.
They stopped in front of the T-Rex skeleton as Steve continued listening to his pup. He’d been to this museum multiple times, mostly as a pup. But now, with Harley, it was like he was seeing it for the first time. And through his eyes.
“Hey, I’m behind you for whatever you decide to do, Steve. Just, don’t ever give up painting. You are really talented. Especially when you are painting your tongue all over my body,” Steve slapped his boyfriend’s hand, releasing his collar and standing up as the hyena laughed.
Tony waited until they started driving to answer, probably just to piss Steve off more.
“I can turn invisible!” Miles squealed in excitement, thrusting his hands up in the air. Peter stared at his stupid little brother, shaking his head and glaring at him.
The three broke apart with a laugh, Tony still holding Peter as the boy tiredly rested his head on the man’s shoulder.
“No, Peter, you’re not spoiled. Did someone at school tell you that?” he asked trying to figure out where this came from.
“No fucking clue,” the brunette replied honestly, smiling when his husband chuckled a little at that, “guess we start by waiting for the tyke to wake up…”
The teen looked like she was genuinely thinking it over, before turning to the man and responding with a head shake.
He continued hugging her, kissing her cheek in lieu of tickling.
“Oh, well that’s too bad,” Emerson with fake emotion. “I guess I’ll just have to be honest with
“We’re in public,” Emerson said pointedly at their Dad.
“Tony is technically short for Anthony and you would know if you’d join the team!” Tony whined at his best friend who only gave him an unimpressed look back at him. “How about I tell you over a cup of coffee?” he offered while standing up, knowing he needed one as well as the kids would be occupied with the toys for a bit.
“Of course, bear. Maybe if we both behave tomorrow Daddy will let us get ice cream after,” Steve said with a wink, so happy to hear his son giggle at that.
“Half an hour is not a
“We love you baby girl, we’re sorry some people are too stupid to have that privilege,” Tony said as he tightened his hold on her.
your shift was over Saturday, meaning you went out. Which you never do, which all leads me to believe you’re acting funny because you got laid and I wanna know who.”
“It’d be kinda weird though…” Bucky added, disrupting Steve’s train of thoughts as he looked at the brunette with hope.
“Yeah, I taught Steve how to change the oil in his SUV.”
The wheels in Steve’s head slowly clicked. “You make a joke.”
“That’s me,” Steve said as he stood in front of the man, anxiously awaiting for any news. He could still feel Tony through the bond so he sent a prayer upstairs for good news.
“Sweetheart, your Tati loves you very much. I promise you make him happy -”
They laid in bed together after shower sex, the two curled up facing each other as Steve finished telling him what happened at work today.
"Your Dad put him to bed," he offered before moving so he could catch the running boy and throw him up in the air.
“How about I make you a snack, huh Jo?” he asked with a smile.
“What’s he doing here?” Andy asked, walking him and Jackson over to his big brother while still eyeing the older blonde.
his thoughts are interrupted by the sound of his sister groaning.
“I. Am. Cher,” he managed with a straight face, quickly breaking when he heard the teenager erupt in laughter behind him. Steve smiled fondly between the two, putting his hands up in surrender.
She waited until they stepped in the elevator before hugging him again.
He pushed reassurance through the bond as well as love, finally smiling when Steve smiled back at him. Tony felt fuzzy inside when he felt loved being pushed back through their bond.
“Oh, dear. Do you have any kind of identification on you to prove that?” Rebecca asked again. There were a few nurses in the background, but none had noticed the interaction yet.
her?” he asked incredulously. “She snuck out and drank alcohol in a back alley with some hoodlums!”
Steve returned a moment later, crossing his arms and squinting at the lump that took his place on the couch. “Peter, I already called dibs, scoot, go sit on the other side of your Dad,” he said waving his hands in emphasis.
isn't good enough for you, Harley. You’re the best most amazing pup I know. Tiberius...that man is a fool if he doesn’t want you in his life. And honestly...he is an idiot and a horrible judge of character.”
“Lay back, young one,” the God said gently.
Peter even went so far as to say "apa," which they agreed didn't technically count as his first word - but was still just as precious to hear from the tiny brunette.
Pete and his gang were coming to the mansion more frequently than they did when they lived in the Tower. Not that she minded, it did help a little with her baby-fever. And even though it was early-October, the twins had easily convinced their grandpas that they needed to swim in their heated indoor pool. So everyone went to change into their swimsuits.
“It went really well,” he admitted with a smile.
"Hey! Don't splash me Papa or I'll let Uncle Clint and Uncle Bucky take me home too!" the pup teased, giggling as Steve quickly swam over to the pup. Tony watched fondly as Bucky decided not to give Harley over, the three getting into a wrestling/splashing match as Clint waded Peter over to where Tony was sitting.
Peter waited another moment before continuing. “It means you’re obligated to get us presents for our combined trauma,” he said while gesturing to himself and Emerson.
“Good god what is it with everyone concerned about paying attention to me! I’m the only one doing okay, besides my boyfriend and best friend losing their damn minds...that makes me sad. But I’m not offended you didn’t ‘pay attention’ to me,” the bastard added with damn finger quotes, “I’m a little offended by your reaction that it’s the
The next day flew by in a blur. After speaking to her social worker, child protective services, her school, the police, several of his top attorneys, Rhodey and Pepper he was glad to have a moment to rest. Glad Steve had taken care of getting her stuff so he wouldn’t have to see the child-abuser in person, knowing his husband had better will power and self-control than he did. Glad also because he got to stay home with their newest occupant. Watching some old Looney Tunes with her and pigging out on junk food as they waited for Peter to come home from school.
“Ow, I’m sorry! I disobeyed you, I…I won’t do it again! Ow!
just in case?” she half whispered to him.
Three minutes into Spongebob he heard a knock on the door.
,” Bucky rushed out the last words just as Steve was turning around, almost causing him to spill the cups. He was able to successfully place both on the counter, however, Bucky’s plain hot chocolate while Steve's had all the fixins. He watched with a smile as his oldest friend looked skeptically between the two drinks before cautiously taking a sip of his own.
“Sleeping, where’s Tony?” the doctor asked as he accepted the hug from a giggling Harley.
“Hey peanut! How was school?” he asked as he swung her up in the air before bringing her into a hug.
“You are very welcome sweetheart,” Steve said with a bright smile before turning to flip the crepe. “After breakfast we’re going to finger paint. Have you done that before?”
Five and a half years of marriage. Basically gone. Flew out the window along with her will to live.
She couldn’t hide the smile as she saw three gaped mouths looking back at her, though Peter’s was the only one who didn’t look offended.
He was going to fucking kill that back stabbing cunt whose been drugging him since they met.
“S’not like you did anything wrong,” Clint said just quietly, taking a break from making shadow puppets. Bucky decided to step up, using both hands to make an elephant.
Two weeks after
“That was embarrassing enough, thank you. I’d like to avoid traumatizing that kid any further…”
“No, no I’m so sorry, I was in the middle of tinkering with my latest invention and when you texted I for whatever reason assumed there’d be traffic so I had a few minutes and...must’ve gotten carried away... Again, I’m sorry, I should…” Tony trailed off as he looked down at his stained clothes and greasy hands, “probably go...wash this grease off...”
"You deserve this, sweet girl. Every bit of this happiness you feel," her Dad said quietly, tightening his arms around her.
“Yes...and?”
“I’m kidding Pete. It was a lot of talking. A lot of honest and open conversations that helped us really
“Your chest is perfect, beloved,” he shouted back at the ridiculous group of people he proudly called his family. Steve stood up, smiling as Tony immaturely threw a “nani nani boo boo” at their kids, making his way over to the three. He leaned down to kiss his husband, saying “you make a very sexy mermaid” before kissing him. The two teenagers groaned before Emerson spoke up.
“Morning, oh…is Emerson still throwing herself a pity party?” Miles said with a laugh as she heard her fathers chuckle as well. She brought her head up to glare at the three as she watched her dads hug her little brother in greeting. The sixteen year old was almost as tall as the six foot tall blonde, but it didn’t stop either father from showing the teen affection.
"Guys, get it together, this is a good day!" she said as she joined their hug once again, laughing as they tried to composed themselves.
“Tony…” Steve said quietly, Tony whimpering when he realized the Alpha’s eyes were watering and his scent changed to sadness. “I’m only going to ask you this once. Did you cheat on me?”
"You did? That's so nice of you! What kind of flowers did you bring him?"
“I dreamed that my toys came alive and were really mean to me,” the boy said quietly. Tony found himself laughing a little at that, smiling at his son when he pulled back to glare a little at his father for laughing.
“My dear husband, I am perfectly capable of looking after myself,” he said smugly while digging into his own plate of pancakes. Steve looked up to respond but Emerson beat him to it.
“That’s a great idea, Daci! And Petey, we’ll have JARVIS let you guys know when we’re heading home, okay? Hopefully it’ll just be a few hours.” Steve said with a smile as he walked over to hug the boy. “Buck? Clint? You guys don’t mind right? Maybe fix them a snack and hope we make it back before dinner?” Steve said as he walked around to kiss his three kids.
“Eat, then speak and say thank you,” Tony said pointedly, pulling the pup into his embrace after Harley drank some more lemonade.
“Oh Stark,
“Yeah come on Papa!”
She was hurt thinking of Carolyn.
“Thanks, I love you Dad.” And damn if that didn’t feel good to say.
, I left a note,” she said accusingly, as if Steve was being the irrational one.
Cause this wasn't some childish story where they would all lived happily ever after.
"We're so proud of you Thumper!" her Dad said with teary eyes, getting a playful eye roll from the young woman. Her Pop wasn't any better, trying to fan his face after finally letting her go.
Speaking of…she couldn’t tell Steve or Tony about this.
“Bond with me,” Tony blurts out before he can stop himself. He’s about to take it back, cause even though they said all that stuff to each other it was still scary to say those words out loud. But Steve’s beautiful blue eyes light up like a Christmas tree.
“Seriously? No one wants to see two grandpas kissing each other.” Steve’s head shot up at that, smiling mischievously at his youngest. Her eyes widened, realizing her mistake, before she shrieked and ran down the beach away from the super soldier. She made it about ten feet before he easily caught up to her, scooping her up and swinging her legs into the air before digging his fingers into her side, laughing along with his daughter. He kept it up until he heard her squeeze out “PAPA PLEASE!” between laughs. He slung her over his shoulder as he walked back to the little family, enjoying the way she laughed all the way back. Enjoyed the smiles upon his son and husband’s faces; really, truly grateful for his small family.
“My apologies sir, it appears she left approximately 70 minutes ago.”
the love of my life!” The whole room tensed as Bucky roared his words, clenching and unclenching his fist as if deciding whether to attack Steve or not.
“Of course not,” Clint said with a bright smile, “we’re just getting started.” He couldn’t help laughing as James growled next to him, kept laughing when he saw Nat grab Bruce and drag him away - most likely for interrogation. He considered following her until he looked back at his boyfriend, who was frowning back at him. “What?” Clint asked innocently.
“I didn’t think you liked me like that. I’ve kind of had a crush on you for a while now…”
“Lil, you can be Pocahontas if you want to! I’m sure your Aunt Emerson wouldn’t mind,” Peter said with a hopeful smile to his sister.
“Care to explain yourself there hot stuff?” Tony asked. The blonde looked back up at him as if it was obvious, moving down to the brunette’s thigh to focus on the next scar.
“Tony, meet our son, Peter.”
“Who’s this?” the boy from earlier asked, glaring a little at seeing his brother in a stranger’s arms. Clint gently put Jackson on the ground, watching him toddle over to the boy.
“Why isn’t that more upsetting to you?”
“Ma!” Bucky whined, obviously annoyed at his family for not taking his side. Joey nodded with a pouty lip, wrapping her arms tightly around her Nana.
“Absolutely. We’ll go after lunch! Mind helping me take these sandwiches to the table?” Steve began grabbing plates and bowls of fruit as Daci hopped down off the counter.
“I see that,” Peter said back, without any ire.
that always had the brunettes shutting up. Thankfully it did the trick, her Pop shooting a wink at her as she smiled at him in gratitude.
“Wait, Jo!” they heard their mom yell as a naked and mostly dry toddler zoomed in to join them in the living room. The guys pulled away from each other as they watched the little girl run in circles around them.
"Why are you trying to kill me? I am already clearly dying," the man coughed out before chugging half a bottle of water. Peter decided to ignore Meryl Streep in favor of treating his younger siblings, noting that the two were about as sick as their Dad though they were
“He looks like a dick,” she said, handing the phone back to him.
“So you’re Tony, huh?” Clint asked with a smile and his arms crossed.
“Ever heard of a love potion?” Stark interrupted.
“Emerson, you know that’s not what's happening. Miles actually found the letter, which was beside the trashcan - for the record. And I figured I’d offer either an ear to listen or a boxing partner to blow off some steam.” She wrapped the towel around herself and took a deep breath.
“Is that really all it would take?” Steve asked, pupils already a little dilated with lust. Tony couldn’t help laughing again, pushing the man a little out of his personal space before turning to step inside. He heard Steve close the door behind them and immediately felt hands around his waist. “Because I would happily oblige carrying you everywhere if that was the payment.”
“Whatever happened, remember I still love you Jo,” he said in reassurance, frowning when that just produced more tears.
,” she whispered.
“Tell me about it,” Bucky grumbled as he sat up on the bed. “Actually, I should probably get downstairs and make sure Stark doesn’t molest Steve.”
“I work until 8pm, but I’m off Sunday if you’re okay with a late dinner?” Tony’s predatory grin reappeared, looking like he wanted to make an inappropriate joke but quickly shook himself from it.
“I can do this all day,” he said to his step-son, who looked the same kind of manic he’d seen on Tony - it was a,
He’d been spending more time with the Barnes’ since his mental health was improving. Well, that and mostly because the kids wanted to play with Lucky.
Okay…they weren’t
“I suppose,” he groaned dramatically, wrapping an arm around her shoulder and pulled her into a hug. He kissed the top of her head for good measure, laughing as she over-dramatically voiced her embarrassment.
She should really stop teasing her uncle…but he was just so damn hilarious whenever she did! She laughs a moment longer as they ride the elevator down.
Joey climbed off his lap and made her way to the elevators, obviously aware of the plan beforehand. Steve waited until she left to get it out.
“All I heard out of that… was that you thought Peter was my real kid.
“You do not have a ‘tati’ stupid child,” Strucker growled out before enforcing his point with a harsh slap to her face. The serum would make her heal soon, but it didn’t stop the trickle of blood that she felt as pain radiated from her cheek. “You belong to us. We may have used his DNA but
Tony got into MIT, no shocker there. Steve was so incredibly proud of him, he really was.
[No I haven’t. But I can help you look. How about I pick you up from your place in 15 minutes? Been looking for a good reason to get out of this meeting early anyway…]
After several books, he looked over to see his brother was knocked out, practically drooling on the teenager. Steve then looked down, seeing Joey was still wide awake before he sighed heavily.
"So Em, I'm thinking we go
"Well, I have a few ideas. One, I get a tattoo," she started counting on her fingers.
“Hey puddin, how was therapy?” his smile disappeared when he saw the tear tracks. He stood up, wiping some of the tears from her cheeks. She looked up into his brown eyes a moment before tightly hugging him. She felt him return the hug, kissing the top of her head.
“He is perfect. They both are,” Maria said with a smile as she gently stroked Harley’s hair. “I had Jarvis contact both Virginia and James to tell them you’ve awoken. He also wanted me to tell you he’ll visit when you’ve made it home and bring a week’s worth of meals.”
Steve came back in dressed in a t-shirt and pajama bottoms, smiling at the two before making his way over to join them. When he pulled the covers back, he scoffed a little at them.
“Enough Tony!” Steve laughed as he shifted to position himself to silence his husband the best way the super soldier knew how. And Tony of course was never one to complain when it came to Steve’s lips. The two teens groaned and extracted themselves from the bed.
not traumatized,” Tony said.
- Refuse my advances for me ?
- The serum makes me very sensitive and I ... I'm noisy ... and ... there are side effects that I can't control. I'm sorry. You haven't done anything wrong, it's me, he quickly explained to reassure Tony.
Guilt was pouring out over him with voracious hunger. He had made love to Tony completely forgetting about his girlfriend in the process. He had been so good, so fulfilled that he hadn't noticed where his footsteps took him. He had no regrets, not after the incredible night he had just experienced. However, remorse was very real. He had always had convictions about married life ; trust, dialogue, respect, attention and loyalty had to be nurtured.
His whole body had been urging him to move. Steve had engaged a fierce pace as he let out hoarse cries of pleasure. His eyes had not left Tony, making sure despite the heightened sensations that he did not hurt him.
He tried to pull himself away from Steve, pushing his hands away from his.
The latter's strength was so relentless it made Steve convulse in spasm as he spilled himself inside Tony. Her screams had been cut off by her breath which he couldn't control. He had never felt such ecstasy. His eyes were closed, his features drawn as if he were plunged in pain and his face flushed with the rising blood ...
The fear of losing the other had advantages in raising adrenaline and dopamine. The winning combo for a round of phenomenal sex. When Tony gave him access to the inside of his mouth, Steve moaned as their tongues connected. He felt his erection rub against hers even though the size gap was a bit awkward. In a gesture, he lifted his genie in his arms, placing it on the console of the basin. Steve was so ecstatic that he pulled off Tony's clothes in sudden movements, tearing the fabric unrestrainedly. These long weeks of abstinence had increased her frantic urge to touch her lover. Excitement at its height, Steve unbuckled his belt to open his pants. He released his erection. Tony opened up to him so eagerly that Steve felt himself hot. He knew he wouldn't hurt her. Tony was so wet and dilated that his cock despite its imposing size was not going to meet any resistance. He slid inside him in a smooth movement, making a hoarse gasp from both of them. Steve slammed and pounded inside him, moaning and screaming, unable to swallow the little air they consumed. Steve opened his heart with each back and forth, his voice covering the snap of their skin. He wanted Tony to know how important he was to him. The words of praise were sung in a refrain of lust. Their exchanged kisses were sloppy and interrupted by the need for oxygen. Tony arched back in a particularly intense push.
And his phone had rang. He grabbed it and saw the caller's name appear on the screen : Sharon.
; he had just put on some protection when the girl's father unexpectedly returned. Captain America or not, he had been thrown in the face with a shovel.
Tony operated the popcorn maker, tapping his fingers on the metal surface. A sign of stress but also of reflection. He seemed immersed in deep concentration.
- Uh how was what ? Steve blushed understanding the embarrassing question.
Tony straightened up to meet Steve's gaze, enthusiasm on his face. Her eyes had become marbles illuminated with undisguised joy.
- Yes, very hard but I do not want to repeat what I felt this morning when I woke up.
- And with Sharon, how was it ?
Steve then noticed that Tony's underwear was completely soaked under his bottom.
But Tony had looked at him with the best smile he had ever seen. He looked so happy, so overwhelmed that Steve couldn't believe it. It was too good to be true. He had had such a look that Steve's heart had capsized.
He had just committed the act of infidelity.
- Is he going to wait two months? Correction, are you going to be able to wait two months ?
- OK !
Steve had taken the wheel with gusto, excited as a child opening his Christmas presents. On leaving New York, Tony had offered to have fun and step on the accelerator. Steve hadn't been asked, laughing and smiling at the exhilaration the speed gave him.
Taking a seat beside her, Steve took her hands in his in a sign of appeasement.
- Fuck me soldier.
Steve had burst out laughing, promising to keep the secret to the grave.
Steve had smiled for a long time, feeling light and warm inside. Tony always made it feel that way. At least not when he was trying to push all of his buttons to get off the hinges.
- I love you Tony, he managed to say as a sob slipped into his voice, I swear. I never want to hurt you. I want to make you happy and fill you up. Tony, please let me explain.
- No indeed, Steve admitted.
The dialogue was perfect between them. Steve congratulated himself on that. They had learned to speak in an open, mature conversation. There were no longer the screams and the sideways glances before. Since the events in Siberia, there had been a lot of change. When they returned to the Avengers complex, all had not been rosy. Yet, gradually, the first stages of an amicable conversation had emerged. And since he had started their love affair, it was really different. The word osmosis was used. Tony was happy. He laughed and was lighter every day. Of course, there was no sex, but the love was even better. The whole team appreciated this new Tony so fulfilled. Everything was perfect.
- I agree, said Steve, Sharon deserves better than my constant infidelity.
He was going to do everything in his power to see that face of fullness that the genius had in his arms again.
- Ok, keep it a secret, easy. But for the other, the wait is going to be tough. Especially since we know how fantastic it is.
Her eyes fell on the man sleeping in her arms. Tony was so handsome, the features of his face happy and relaxed. Waking up to Tony was like a magical moment marred by his abjection.
- No, I'm going to break up with Sharon because it's with you that I want to be.
He turned around instantly. Tony stood in the doorway, his features frozen in unfathomable sadness. A mask of betrayal worse than the one Steve had seen in Siberia. His eyes were dripping with tears he hadn't tried to contain. Steve had watched in dread his Tony in pain. He could almost hear his heart implode as Sharon cried out in her orgasm. The moment was a nightmare.
Steve stiffened, aware that he was asking a lot of Tony. However, he saw the moment when with a shrug Tony would comply with his wishes without flinching.
- We just did it !
- Excuse me, he had said to Tony, pulling himself away gently, I have to take this call.
- I don't know where you're taking me. I don't want to look incorrect with my outfit, Steve replied very embarrassed.
- Excellent news. I couldn't frame it for myself.
As he had suspected, the miserable expression was replaced by renewed hope. Steve bit his lip for being so stupid and leaving Tony alone with his insecurities. If he had waited for him to wake up, they would have talked and maybe together they would have found a solution.
- And how did you come to pass the stage of cheating ?
The genius had not chosen for him. Instead, he translated all the dishes on offer explaining how it was cooked. In the end, Steve had had taste buds reacting to the spaghetti all'amatriciana.
- We all have our disarray with the serums, Tony had said, flushing his cheeks.
Bucky threw his arms in the air in a sign of victory, obviously very satisfied.
Before he could finish his sentence, Steve grabbed his face in his hands and kissed him with a chaste kiss.
- Stark !
Of course Tony was going to take it all on himself and say that what happened that night was due to too much wine. A mistake they could easily forget. Steve was no longer fooled by his masks.
And Steve had given in !
- Just so you know, Tony had resumed blushing on his cheekbones, you're the first to touch this new body so I just found out that ... well, I think I'm ready for another trick if you ever have. still alive...
Steve had never had any doubts that he had to break up with Sharon. His cheating had been a liberating act, showing him that he had headed down the wrong path. A relationship that was not made for him. Having sex with Tony on the first night was revealing. One day, Sam had asked him what made him happy, he hadn't known what to say. Since last night he could tell : Tony made him happy.
Tony nodded in understanding. He didn't want to experience anything like that again either.
I would really like to involve my readers in the ideas.
As he passed the lab airlock, he saw Tony standing in front of one of his consoles.
Steve hadn't expected his body to crave more. He had wanted to consume Tony under his thrusts. The genius more than eager to continue to satisfy him.
- Wait what ? Tell me that Doll didn't accept your shit ? interrupted Bucky scandalized.
- And Tony, how did he react to our side effects ?
They watched the film in silence, totally immersed in the story of King Arthur. Gradually, after having had their stomachs full, they got closer to each other to finally cuddle.
- Everything okay with the mission ?
He had wanted the genie not to feel guilty for something that was beyond his control.
The moment of joy that had shone in Tony's amber beads had just faded.
- Sharon ? Like in Sharon Carter ? Tony realized, finally ceasing to struggle in Steve's arms.
Steve felt the nausea rise like a tidal wave.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed but also cheerful that Tony appreciated the gesture.
He had blushed like a peony explaining to her that he had never gone all the way with a girl. Again, Sharon had reassured him by promising him that it would be better with her. She didn't notice at all, that Steve had just hinted at her that he had an interest in men. Sharon would have said anything to get Steve to his bed at this point.
Back at the Avengers complex, Tony offered her a coffee, claiming that he wasn't going to bed right away. Upgrades to the next StarkPad tablet don't wait.
Steve bit his tongue.
He had done his part in the past and apparently he was going to continue with this latest betrayal. Steve followed up his jog with a trip to the gym. Raining his fists on the punching bag seemed like a good idea.
- Um Steve it's so good, I want you so much ... deeper.
He had feared this situation a thousand times since Erskine had given him the serum. Each time, it ended badly with his partners. She had returned a moment later, apologizing for behaving like that. However, the damage was done. She assured him that her reaction would not happen again and that she would be ready next time. Steve also apologized for the damage done to his bed and for his lack of control. He was gone less than half an hour later, returning to the Avengers complex. He had discharged the rest of his dopamine by hitting the punching bag all night.
Tony rubbed the bridge of his nose, he looked puzzled, even uncertain.
- There are some who don't like it when I'm dressed simple. Especially when we go out to the restaurant, the soldier admitted without naming a name.
- Serious Punk, for your sake, go find him and make him scream with pleasure.
Leaving the lab, Steve lingered behind a wall for a moment to look at Tony and let himself be lulled by his new thoughts. He almost burst out laughing when Tony jumped up and screamed with joy. Despite the thick transparent panes, he could hear Tony shout very distinctly : "It wasn't just a Friday night, he really wants me. If I ever start messing around, you tell me immediately. lost Pepper with my bullshit I was able to live with. I couldn't with Steve. "
Steve chuckled.
It was his turn to whitewash. Steve felt the anguish emanate from Tony with such violence that he lost his words.
They had returned to the bedroom. Tony had pushed back the soiled bedspread, inviting Steve to come and lie on the sheets. Steve no longer had the strength to think or reason, he accepted the invitation and lay down in the king size bed.
Confused, Steve left the bed, being careful not to wake Tony up. He retrieved his clothes and stealthily ducked into the apartment. He will run down the halls, making sure no one sees him so early, with the clothes from the day before. If he ever ran into Natasha or Bucky, he was good at providing explanations.
Arriving at the weekend, Sharon called her to warn her that she was going on an undercover mission for several weeks. See one or two months. When she hung up, Steve had felt a tremendous weight drop from her shoulders.
- No, it's okay. It's just that I just realized that I couldn't take it.
Steve was stunned for a brief moment, remembering that he had never been able to hide anything from his best friends. He had always drilled it up to date.
- Home, eight o'clock with your favorite fast food, Steve agreed, giving Tony one last kiss.
Steve might have laughed at it if the situation hadn't gone a hair's breadth away from becoming chaotic. Tony was more flexible in his arms. He willingly let himself slide against him in the embrace.
All the Avengers had this type of Stark Phone. They were real little technological gems that the market did not sell. Tony had designed them himself, so that they had high resolution screens, equipped with a sensitive camera and an indisputable sound quality. Only the Avengers had this type of device. They were untraceable except for Friday. They were also connected to a satellite which allowed them to call in completely deserted areas or in the heart of a forest. They were also waterproof, fire retardant and ... tough. Shocks or falls, they were resistant to the foot of the Hulk or a 5 meter glide.
What did this mean ?
Steve knew he shouldn't wait too long. Tony was going to start making scenarios that all ended up with the same conclusion : that he wasn't good enough and screwed up everything he touched.
Tony's infatuation was very palpable. He had bounced off his butt like a child who had been promised to take him to an amusement park.
Tony froze instantly. This sentence was never a good omen.
If ever there was any hope that he could start a romantic relationship with Tony, then he would do anything to make it happen. Including breaking up with Sharon. However, he had to do it right. And it started off by not sleeping with Tony until he talked to her. He had cheated, yet he could limit the damage.
- My God Tony, I'm sorry ... I lost control, I didn't have time ...
If he had known what was going to happen, he would have crushed his phone in his hands the instant he saw
He stood up and joined Tony in the kitchen. With the halogen light on, Steve noticed the dark spot on the bottom of his pants and the bump on the front. Tony was excited. He was no better off with his jeans on the verge of tearing their fly.
Steve had poured his seed into Tony for a long time. The hot liquid that covered the walls of his rectum overflowing from his hole. His body had been shaken by the time his orgasm subsided and the impregnation freed him from the shackles of ecstasy. Out of breath, exhausted, his skin covered with sweat, Steve had finally opened his eyes.
- When she returns from her mission.
In one look, Steve had seen the genius turn pale for having done wrong. His expression had been so torn at having made a huge mistake that Steve was shocked.
- Shit ! Tony hissed, nausea mounting.
Steve kissed Tony passionately. He wanted to prolong the contact, to feel more of the man in his arms. Continue to fuck him and follow Bucky's advice.
- First I want you to know that I had a really good evening, Steve began, keeping his air serious, and that I hope we can have more like this.
- I'll be home the day after tomorrow, she warned.
The shared kiss had been fiery and dirty, tangled in gasps. Steve gasped when Tony crushed his erection against his. He had bit himself to hold back the screams he had been sure to utter.
- It's okay, don't worry. I understood ..., cut the genie adopting a deceptively nonchalant attitude.
As much as he was a little embarrassed to say the word, he loved seeing Tony's sparkling eyes.
Tony nodded promptly, smiling from ear to ear.
The brunette got up from the couch and almost fled to a safe area. Steve completely out of breath from their fiery embrace was caught off guard. He closed his eyes, overwhelmed at his lack of willpower when it came to Tony. Steve had asked him to be clean for the next six weeks and what was he doing ? He was about to lay Tony on the couch and rip his clothes off. Bucky was right, he wasn't going to last that long.
Feeling butterflies in his stomach was a first for him. He was going to work hard to make it work. Within hours, he had noticed some noticeable differences between Sharon and Tony.
