God, his boyfriend is a dork. An adorable, sweet, dork. “Promise. I swear to God if don't get fucked, I might actually lose my freakin’ mind.”
“So desperate for me, aren't you, Dean? Like you were made for this. Made to be so fucking good for me.”
Dean’s attraction to him was instant, a hot flush that spread down his chest and settled low in his belly. Embarrassment heated Dean’s cheeks as Cas’s nostrils flared—there was little doubt that Cas’d picked up on the sharp burst of arousal in his scent. Dean wet his lips and watched Cas track the motion, hands still warm on Dean’s waist. If it wasn’t for the pile of laundry in his arms, Dean was sure he’d‘ve plastered himself to Cas already. When’d Cas gotten so goddamn
Christ. He’s so hot, he’s burning up with it. On fire, every bit of him focused on the drag of Cas’s cock inside him as he lifts himself up. His thighs work hard for it, but he rides Cas frantically. Up and down, doesn’t try to angle just right, because he’ll lose it if he does, and right now he’s got one goal: make Cas come. So he grinds back and bounces and swears. Filth pouring from his mouth; how hard Cas gets him, how much he loves it.
From the curb Sam waved to him with a big smile and Dean dutifully waved back. He watched Sam walk up to a group of his friends before he pulled away, heading for his own school. And he definitely pointedly ignored the little surge of jealousy in his gut. What self respecting person was jealous of their pipsqueak of a little brother, anyway? Even if he was jealous, he shouldn't've been. Sam was a great kid, he deserved to have good friends.
Cas’s palm smoothed over the curve of Dean’s ass and then pressed him down and forward. “Lie on me. I want to feel what it does to you.” He guided Dean so that his hard cock was trapped against Cas’s thigh, Cas’s pressed against his side. Dean crossed his arms on the armrest, bracing.
Blowing out a sigh, Castiel loses himself in his recollections, his apprenticeship with Bobby, the day Dean had picked him up after work and surprised him with a drive to the country to sit out on the hood of his car and look up at the stars—and how when he'd looked back down there'd been a ring box in Dean's slightly shaky hands.
The damp spot in his satiny panties chafes a little against the head of his dick as he climbs the stairs. Biting down on his bottom lip, he crawls into Cas's meticulously made bed.
It was shitty that Dean felt bad about this. There had to be a way to make him see that Cas was fine with it—at fault for it, actually. He took his socks off, climbed out of bed and padded naked to the bathroom while he tried to think about what he could do.
“Taste so good, Cas,” Dean sighed. His eyes drifted closed and he sealed his mouth around the dark flushed length of Cas’s cock, sucking it in long slow slides. Wet and warm, and the ring of Dean’s lips tight around him, felt so good that he couldn’t keep his hands still. He ran them through Dean’s hair and down his neck, the breadth of his shoulders. Little soft grunts Cas didn’t even try to stop filled the room.
“Cas,” Dean breathed, cheeks burning, as Cas leaned in and mouthed at his cock through satin. The hot drag of Cas's lips over the outline of Dean’s cock as he wet the silky material even more made Dean shiver. The scent of his own slick filling the air was an erotic thrill that settled low in his belly.
It’s like he thinks Castiel can’t handle alphas or something. As if Castiel isn’t used to aggression and biting remarks and competition. The guy even wears
“Yes,” Cas replied on a hiss of air as he sealed their mouths together—a kiss that scorched itself into his memory. Dean’s hands fisted frantically in Cas’s shirt, just like they had the day before and the thought ignited a fresh wave of arousal in him.
A laugh bubbled up in his chest at Dean’s narrowed eyes. “A, I’m not sending that. B, I’m pretty sure I can easily defend myself on the short walk to my car. C, shut your face.”
Afterwards, Cas and Dean showered one by one, exhausted and sweaty. They ate, then crawled into bed for a much needed nap. Later, Dean would have to think about the new threat they were facing. Maybe think about clearing a wider radius of trees around the camp, but for now, he just wanted to sleep next to Cas.
In a flash, she closed the distance between them and wrapped her hand around his throat. There was absolutely nothing Dean could do. His hands gripped her wrist, fingers digging into her skin, and his legs dangled. She didn’t even flinch as his nails drew blood. She was so fucking strong. How was she that strong?
Castiel though—he’s got the same idea apparently, because one second he’s tongue-fucking Dean, and the next, he’s smoothly slid himself down onto the floor, kneeling in the vee of Dean’s legs and looking up at him with his fingertips curled into Dean’s waistband and that’s just—that … fuck.…
Eventually, Charlie nodded in acceptance and raised an eyebrow at him, then pointedly stared at Dean’s backpack until Cas got her point.
For a while it was so right, and hot. Cas almost lost himself in the feel of Dean against him, then Dean started to tense up, going rigid beneath him. It took Cas less than a second to figure out that Dean was still afraid of what’d happened the last time he'd orgasmed with him. His heart lurched, and he surged up to kiss Dean, slow, an urgent glide of his tongue around Dean’s—reassurance in every movement he made.
This was huge and life changing and Mary might’ve been silently freaking out about it because holy crap. She was gonna be a mom and John was gonna be a dad. And that was just… a lot to take in. A major shift in their tiny little family. Plus, there was the whole impending process of giving birth. Because
For long minutes Cas worked Dean right up to the edge, fucking his fingers into him, and sucking at his cock until Dean was hazy with pleasure and so turned on that he was throbbing. Just before he crested, Cas pulled away and left Dean frantically gasping in air as his eyes squeezed shut and his brain tried desperately to catch up with the sudden lack of stimulation.
Dean shivered, anticipation plain as day on his face and in the bead of precome that dripped down his cock. Everything about Dean got Cas hard, but that sexy eagerness in his eyes, in the rapid rise and fall of his chest and the way he not only seemed to naturally obey, but clearly relished it—fuck. Cas was beyond screwed, because he already never wanted this to end.
Instead of the pitying look he expected after that dumbass display of insecurity, Cas eyed him up and down, a predatory look that made Dean’s mouth go dry. “From where I stand, Dean, you’re extremely impressive.”
“I get that. Good friends for offering, though,” Sam said as he carefully climbed the steps. He winced when one of the sagging stairs gave an ominous creak but it held under his weight. Dean skipped that one as he trailed after him. Sam glanced over his shoulder at Dean and added, “Cas, um … Cas is coming this morning.”
He kept stealing glances at Dean, at the way his eyes crinkled when he laughed, the way he threw his head back, and if it was particularly funny, he’d double over with it. This enchanted, tender feeling spread through his chest, and, God, he was falling hard and fast for Dean. For this boy who made him feel things he never had before—who made him want things he’d never even considered wanting.
Nodding, Dean tried and failed not to notice how good Cas looked out here in the middle of all this green and color with the sun brightening his gorgeous blue eyes, bringing a hint of pink to his high cheekbones. “Big shoes to step into,” he agreed. “But I’m up for it. You’re in good hands,” Dean tried, he really, really did, not to let his voice dip a little as he said it, but flirting was second nature and he couldn’t help the innuendo he infused it with.
Smoothly, he slid his hand up Dean’s arm and felt him shiver with it. Green eyes tipped up to meet his just as his hand settled on the back of Dean’s neck. Uncertain, nervous, but dark with desire. “Dean Winchester,” he whispered, voice low, “I’d bet you anything that a man who
He’s steps from the entrance and it’s so fucking hard not to take off. Four more glacial steps and then he’s out the door. There’s a low growl when the door swings shut, but Castiel’s already running, feet pounding down onto the marble floors, pushing him forward. Excitement, arousal and a little streak of fear rush through his veins in time with the frantic beating of his heart.
If they fucked, just once, they could get it out of their systems. They’d have some awesome sex, and Castiel would move on—because if Dean knows one thing from all those months of guarding him, it’s that Castiel doesn’t do repeats. So, Castiel would move on, and Dean? Well, Dean could fully concentrate on his job again without Castiel continually trying to get his attention.
Stunned, Dean stood there gaping. Spotting a pegasus was rare in Laurellia. He'd never heard of one this far north. Hell, he'd never even
On the second last step, his foot slipped out from under him—he barely had time to gasp out a startled, “Fuck,” before strong hands caught him and stopped him from falling.
Cas smirked. “It’s just hanging out, Dean. I’ll even make you dinner.” Dean’s face lit up a little at that, and Cas tucked away that knowledge for future use. Apparently the way to Dean Winchester’s heart was definitely through his stomach. Cliché but whatever worked.
Dean closed his locker, jacket in hand and leaned back against it, a little entertained smile on his face. “Spit it out, Cas.”
Fucking pornographic, is how he looks, and Dean’s just done. Stick a goddamn fork in him. He lets his gaze travel up Castiel’s shins, over his muscular thighs, and by the time he’s reached the juncture of his legs, it’s apparent that Castiel’s noticed him looking and is taking a vested interest.
“No,” Cas agreed, “I don't have to.” He smiled up at Dean as he stood, dragging the pants up over Dean’s legs and the swell of his ass as he went. “I
Baring his teeth a little, Cas shifts back, pulling out and pushing in again. Slow shallow thrusts at first that gradually pick up speed and force, and fuck he feels good, feels so good.
His apartment felt a little less suffocating for some reason after their exchange. And considering that he was staring down at a meticulous likeness of Dean's face—he didn't really have to wonder why. It was kind of amazing and terrifying that a few little texts and a playlist from Dean could evoke such a reaction from Cas. He tiredly rubbed a hand over his face and stretched from his position curled up on the couch.
This wasn’t exactly gonna be a picnic—looking around at just the entry way full of trash, and extrapolating what the rest of the house would be like based on that—and at eight and a half months pregnant … this was somewhere he wouldn't want her to spend any amount of time.
“I'm glad you thought so. You were amazing, Dean. You're a natural.” Cas sounded awed, and another warm feeling suffused Dean's chest.
The night before, when he’d brought up the thing that was going on between them, he hadn’t missed the spike of anxiety in Cas’s scent before he’d rushed to reassure him that he was thinking of a short fling. That unreadable look in Cas’s eyes like he was examining Dean closely to make sure he wasn’t looking for more. Dean blew out a sigh and reached for his phone on the nightstand. He brought up his messages to Sam and sent a new one,
Ever since Dean had started working for him, his flirting had caused Cas to stumble over his words. And Cas could cope with that. He could weather the inevitable embarrassment when he made a fool of himself. He could retreat to his office with burning cheeks and chastise himself for not managing to control his response to Dean’s many, many charms. Then he could recover and do it all again the next day. Dean always kept it light enough to brush off and Cas was glad to let him have his fun. If he was honest, the moments with Dean as awkward as they made him feel in the moment—they were the most exciting part of his day by far.
He sighed heavily and pressed his forehead to the cool metal of his locker. Dean breathed in slow and deep to calm his racing heart. The prickle of eyes on him tingled at the back of his neck—unusual enough that Dean tensed at the feeling and whipped around to scan the hallway.
“Sure, Mom,” he replied almost like he actually believed it. She knew as well as he did though, that there was a damn good reason he didn't have any friends.
Finally, Baby's wings relaxed, and she sniffed at Dean's fingers, her breath warm even through the leather of his gloves in the slight chill of the early autumn air.
Later that night evening Dean pours Cas a bath and makes him promise to wait upstairs while he sets up for their date. Sure, they could've gone somewhere fancy or had a party—it's their ten year anniversary after all—but Dean knows Cas has always preferred a night in.
Cas doesn't really bother to move when Dean grabs his own t-shirt off the floor and cleans them up. He looks like he could happily sleep that way, and Dean knows Cas has slept in weirder positions, but he's not gonna let his husband wake up with a crick in his neck and a cramping calf if he can help it.
A flash of determination passes over Castiel’s face, his hands drop to rest loosely at his sides. “No, I want this—want you,” he pauses as he crawls into Dean’s lap, a knee on either side of Dean’s hips and for a second Dean forgets to breathe. “I just didn’t think you’d—you always seemed so.…”
Slick precome pearled up at the tip and he spread it around with his thumb before he circled his palm over it in a slippery shock of sensation that curled his toes. He imagined it was Dean’s hand, nervous when he first circled his fingers, but quickly catching on once he realized it was pretty easy. He remembered the sensation of Dean’s swollen lips on his, the slide of his tongue.
Boring. “Losing me,” Dean announced, resting his hip against the desk. “Get to the point, how likely is it that this is gonna get my ass handed to me instead of binding the shadowlight?”
“Dean!” Sam called, crashing through the branches behind him, causing Dean to spin around and look for him, one hand grabbing onto Cas's shoulder to keep it from getting away. “Holy shit, you did it!”
Dean slows his thrusts a little bit in a desperate bid to hold off his orgasm just a little longer. “C’mon, sweetheart,” he coaxes, voice low in the way he knows turns Cas to putty in his hands. “Wanna feel you come for me.”
“You did what you had to, Dean. You didn't have a choice. Lilith forced you into that situation, and if you don't feel guilty about it, then good. You shouldn't have to feel bad about saving us.” Cas paused to sort his thoughts and let that sink in. “But if the shock of everything wears off, and you end up feeling bad, that's okay too. Just talk to me, okay?”
The little smile on Cas’s lips widened just before he disappeared from view. Dean tipped his head back, eyes closed, a thrum of want humming under his skin. God, he really hoped Cas would be down for some mutual relieving of tension once Sam headed home. At least the thought gave him something to look forward to.
Thank fuck he’d planned to get laid tonight. He finds one in the inside pocket of his discarded suit jacket by the door and wastes no time getting it open and on before he gets back up on the bed and crawls up Castiel’s body.
I had a lot of fun with this chapter, getting to see a little bit of Dean's self-sacrificing nature and Cas trying to save him from himself. *dreamy sigh*
Dean's lips pressed softly to his hair, and Cas squeezed his eyes shut at the flood of warmth in his chest. “I'm right here, Cas.”
Man, Castiel's breakdown was difficult to write. T.T I hurt my own feelings. Next chapter is hopefully where I start putting them back together, because ouch.
Dean sighs and tilts his head one way then the other in an effort to relieve the tension already gathered in his shoulders and neck. The parking garage where he’s been given a spot up front is dim, and he takes a moment to close his eyes and center himself.
Sam studied him intently, and then finally seemed to accept Dean's lie. “Okay,” he said, shoulders slumping a little before he squared them again, “but you better be careful, and I better hear from you the second I get back.”
They’re back in Castiel’s lavish apartment for the night, alarms set and doors locked, when Dean comes to his decision. The next time Castiel hits on him, Dean’s gonna go with it. His chance doesn’t take much time to come along.
to, but Cas wasn't a saint, and despite his mounting need to make this a night Dean wouldn't forget, he only had so much restraint. So he did his best, teased with his slick fingers, sank them inside Dean, murmuring about how good it felt, how good he looked into Dean's ear, until neither of them could take it anymore.
“Yeah?” Cas asked, voice low and rough, right before he slapped his open palm on Dean’s ass, just hard enough to really sting. “Liked that?”
“Took you long enough,” Cas murmurs from beside him, and Dean lazily shifts to look at him. Fuck, he's still so hot, disheveled and sweaty, lips kiss-dark and plush.
Dean’s admission into The University of Kansas had been a big issue of contention between them at the time. Before Dean’d presented, Dad wouldn’t have batted his eyes twice at Dean’s ambitions, but after … after was why they hadn’t been home in ten years.
“So, this is your new office,” Mr. Adler opens the door and leads Dean over to a large dark cherry wood desk. The room is big, fancy. There’s a comfortable looking grey leather couch alongside one side wall, and a state of the art kitchenette area along the other. Nice.
His hands trembled as he unzipped and pushed Dean's jacket off. They made their way to Dean's bed, leaving a trail of discarded clothes along the way between passionate, soul baring kisses. Cas pulled Dean down on top of him, reveling in the warm weight over him and between his legs. He could've lost this, and his closed eyes pricked with tears.
Shit. Cas’s mind instantly flashed to the dirty clothes all over his living room, unwashed dishes in the sink, and the weird smell his bedroom had taken on that probably had to do with the takeout containers he hadn’t thrown out yet. Yeah… he really needed to clean before Friday, and also buy groceries that weren’t just frozen pizza and tv dinners.
Dean whimpered. God help him, he whimpered high in his throat—a noise he never made outside of a heat—and Cas was already drawing it out of him. The low, silky-rough sound of Cas’s voice kept getting him hotter and hotter.
Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed. “Yeah, well, shouldn’t’ve let your big mouth get ahead of your gangly little body.”
“Dean,” Cas's voice is pleading and sandpaper rough. His vocabulary when they do it this way always winds up limited to Dean, and yes, and wordless vocalizations.
Or he used to. The problem was that lately it wasn't even putting a dent in how much he’d started to crave Dean. And he’d say it was just biology or something,because Dean was cherry fresh innocence and wide green eyes and plush gorgeous lips that Cas could tell had never been kissed—which at eighteen years old, was incredibly rare.
Cas’s gaze lingered on Dean a moment longer and then he turned to Sam, “I’m going to head home to get cleaned up as well. I’ll meet you at Paradise Garden Memorial?”
“If you’re not going to meditate at least come sit with me so we can talk,” Cas suggested, and that feeling in Dean's chest sank like a rock. Ice-water reminding him that he didn’t deserve to be in the same space as Cas, let alone to talk with him after what he’d done. “Hey. Cut it out and come back here.”
Cas clenched his gut hard against the way his knot was suddenly swelling much too fast, and took slow breaths to calm himself. “Do you have a condom?” he asked once he found the words to.
Teasingly, Cas slid his cock along the crease of Dean's ass. He grazed over his hole twice and Dean was hypersensitive, shaky. He rubbed the tip of his dick in circles around Dean's rim until Dean's legs shook with desperation. Then, slowly, so fucking slowly he finally lined up and pushed steadily inside of Dean, blunt pressure filling him in a wet, wet slide. “Cas,” Dean sighed, voice momentarily pausing in the middle as Cas ground forward, pressed all the way in, and still tried to get deeper.
Somehow despite the bustle all around him, Dean's eyes were almost instantly drawn to Cas. Half-way down the hall, he was standing next to Charlie while they goofed off. His dark hair was just a bit longer than Dean normally remembered it being, and it was messier than usual, like he'd been tugging on it… or someone else had, Dean thought with a little flash of unguarded jealousy that he shoved down.
Here he faltered, facade once more giving way to nerves. “I don't… I… um, I guess I hoped you’d be, y’know, interested. In me.”
“It passes the time, I suppose.” Balthazar answered. One of Cas’s eyebrows rose. “Not all of us are lucky enough to meet our soulmate in school. Some of us might never find them.”
Months… he'd had months to consider this thing from every angle, to get the pull he felt toward Dean under control. In an attempt to take the edge off, he'd slept with an honestly staggering amount of people. Even for him it was excessive. Which said a lot, because Cas liked to feed often. He liked sex to be a regular occurrence and not just because he needed to. He enjoyed it.
What truly makes the whole thing unbearable is the fact that Dean Winchester just happens to be the most attractive man that Castiel’s ever met. What kind of cruel, capricious god would make one of the most insufferably stubborn, annoying, jerks in the entire world that beautiful?
The hard length of Cas's cock rides along the seam of Dean's jeans and fuck what he wouldn't give to feel that skin on skin. Sweat prickles at his temples, and he can feel it sticking his shirt to him. He's burning up,
Dean heads to the front door, and Cas puts his own empty mug on the counter and follows him. Once Dean leaves, he'll get a refill.
When he eventually drifted down from the high of his climax, he grimaced at the mess he’d made. He kind of regretted that he hadn’t grabbed a tissue or even cupped his hand to catch his release. Now he was gonna have to find the energy to shower before work.
Gettingto shave had been nice too. Cas casually rubbed a hand along his smooth cheek. He watched Dean laughing with people, watched the admiration on their faces when he spoke. It was clear these people loved and respected him. Cas found that incredibly appealing. He couldn’t explain why, but he did. Dean was good-looking without a doubt. In fact, good-looking was an understatement of such magnitude, Cas wondered if earlier, when he thought Dean was flirting with him, he’d been mistaken. Maybe he’d misinterpreted the suggestiveness in Dean’s voice.
Right now, he focused on gathering up a hunting party and weapons. They learned early on that if they waited for the creatures to attack it was always worse. Some of them were capable of strategizing to a limited degree, enough that it could make trouble if they got in close.
Dean forces himself to smile instead of narrowing his eyes in suspicion at Mr. Adler’s tone and scent. “Sounds good.”
Thanks so much for reading along and thank you to everyone who left wonderful comments & kudos. You guys really make it feel worth it.
“Fuck, Dean. Knew your mouth would be good,” Cas said, strained and sexy as he leaned forward and fucked his tongue into Dean’s mouth, deep and hot and dominating. He pulled Dean’s shirt over his head, and tossed it to the ground.
Cas took his time, tracing over the curve of each cheek and letting Dean’s anticipation ratchet up. The crack of the first blow as it landed stung sharply, and Dean’s body jerked helplessly forward a little. Sensation deeper than Cas’s hand had been but still so damn good. He relaxed back, and another crack followed. Then another and another. Each blow that landed forced Dean’s stomach muscles to tighten, his ass to tense. The heat under his skin rose quickly to a burn.
Dr. Lafitte had done his best to console Dean that day, he'd tried to convince Dean that it wasn't his fault, but even at four Dean knew it was. There was something was wrong with him. Good kids didn't burn down their houses. They didn't almost kill their whole families ‘cause a baby was crying and they couldn't sleep.
Cas smiled back at him, eyes a little tight. Maybe it was a bad idea to come here. He could faintly scent nervousness on Cas. “Oh. And … what do you think of my store?” he gestured around with one hand. “Well, mine and Charlie's,” he elaborated.
Dean didn't trust Crowley as far as he could throw him, but he didn't seem to be threatening at the moment. For someone who said he was there to offer to take Dean’s powers, it didn’t seem like he was all that upset with a no. “Why are you really here? ‘Cause I know it ain’t for a heart to heart about me.”
“Good boy.” There was warmth in his voice again, which Dean filed away, already hopelessly addicted to those two little words and the way Cas said them.
There was nothing left of the building they were just in. It'd been all of five minutes since Sam had quite literally pulled him from the flames and there was nothing left—that was how fast it’d burned. That was how much power Dean'd been holding back for them. Blue flames had consumed the entire building in moments and rendered it into a pile of ash and debris.
“Sounds good, Cas. I just let Mom know I was gonna stay late. She said to let her know when I’m leaving, but it’s cool.”
The indulgent smile Cas gave him was patient, and Dean ached to kiss him. “I won’t judge. And if I happen to be uncomfortable with it, I’ll let you know and we can choose something else. I can assure you there’s very little you could say at this moment I wouldn’t agree to.”
on them. The people Dean had been talking with are watching them curiously. Sweat beads up at Castiel’s temples, and Dean’s eyes darken a little, enough that Castiel swallows harshly.
Frustration and hopelessness were an angry weight on his chest, he fought against it as hard as he could. He didn't get anything for it except another jolt of pain and his power tamping down harder. A grunt escaped past his gritted teeth and Cas's hand closed over Dean's arm to steady him.
There's nothing but static, and then there's that. It's dark, like he's looking at fuzzy black on a crappy old TV. He can feel something pushing on his consciousness, pushing him back down and urging him once more into unawareness. It's heavy and he succumbs.
“Fuck, you're so tight, Dean. So hot,” Cas slowly rolled his hips and Dean let out a whine as his cock slid out a bit, and then right back in. “Mmm. I know. God, you feel good.” He pressed a kiss to Dean's back and shifted on his knees a little, both hands moving to hold on hard to Dean's hips.
“You mean this?” Cas asked. “I liked it so much that I wanted to add to it. How many people can say they have their soulmate’s handprint on their body?”
“God, Castiel,” Dean moans, hips picking up speed and force. He’s holding on by a tiny tether, trying desperately not to let his knot swell just yet, but it’s so damn hard with Castiel tight around him, grunting and letting out these wrecked little gasps with every thrust.
His stomach churned with guilt, his skin was too tight. He hadn’t meant to push Dean too far—but he had and he felt awful about it. Not because Dean had marked him, but because Dean was clearly torn up over it. When really, if Cas'd been a little less hungry it wouldn't've been so intense in the first place. Dean would’ve been able to control himself just fine and right now, things would’ve looked a hell of a lot less bleak.
He nods at the question in Castiel’s eyes, and Castiel flashes him a smirk before he starts tugging Dean’s pants and underwear down in one go. Dean lifts his hips to help him, and gets his shirt off just as he’s stepping out of his pant legs, too.
Dean bit down on a grin. He was pretty damn sure from that little display Cas was not only into dudes, but into him in particular. And though he had absolutely no intention of endangering his job with anything more than a little flirting, this summer was already looking a whole lot more fun. “Thanks, Cas. You’re right. I’m
Six months. He’s been trying to figure out how in the hell he’d gotten himself into this situation for six damn months. Every time he smells Castiel he forgets to be pissed off in return, and instead has to fight off every single alpha mating/caring instinct he has, ‘cause there’s no way Castiel wants that with him. Castiel
Dean's stomach practically tried to crawl out of his body with how happy that made him, how right it felt. Part of him still insisted that he needed to stay away from Cas, keep Cas safe from him, but that part rapidly shrank under the warmth and desire in Cas’s eyes and, shyly, Dean gave in.
And that—that’s a damn tempting thought. No matter what Cas says, Dean's firmly aware that he's the lucky one.
Tears sting at the corners of Dean's eyes and spill over his cheeks. He almost—he almost—his breath catches on a sob, and then Cas rolls him easily over onto his back, his thumbs brushing under Dean's eyes, wiping the tears away. “Shhhh, you're okay. You did so good, Dean. Such a good boy for me, just like always.”
He walks back out of the windowless room before Castiel can answer, and stands right in front of the door. Maybe he pictures what it would’ve looked like if he’d said yes, but he’s not dumb enough to act on it. Castiel is a job. And his job criteria sure as hell didn’t list ‘provide orgasms’ in the description of duties.
Let's try a little spell,” she walked closer to him. “If you haven't got what I'm looking for, nothing will happen. If you do, I'll take it and you, and your brother, and your
“It’s over, Dean,” Cas said, face almost glowing in the flickering blue light of Dean's flames, his eyes too-bright, too-blue. “Come on, baby, you have to stop now. Push it back down. Let me help,” he reached out his hand, but Dean shook his head and stepped quickly out of reach.
“I—yeah, sure.” Dean nervously chewed at his thumbnail. “So, um … what were you thinking of for tonight?”
Dean sighs again, and pulls Cas closer. “Yeah, okay.” He kisses the side of Cas's neck and then pulls away. “Love you.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he chants under his breath, everything narrowing down to the feeling of Cas tight and wet and burning hot around his throbbing cock.
“Just like that,” Cas confirmed, gentle hands cupping Dean’s face, and oh. His eyelashes drifted down as he leaned forward. Dean wet his lips in anticipation, his own eyes closing as Cas finally, finally kissed him. Easy pressure, just a graze, and then Cas dove in, kissing him hard and sure, commanding. A sharp flush of heat rushed through Dean’s veins, his heart racing. God, he’d wanted this so badly. He wanted so much more.
“Duh,” Dean says pulling off the dirt road and into the field in front of it. “But we know what's under that coat of paint, and that's all that matters.”
As he got out of the car, Sam gave him one last pathetically sad puppy dog look along with his quiet goodbye. Dean wished he didn't feel so freakin’ guilty, but he there was a pit in his stomach that didn't ease up until he leaned over and rolled down the window on the door Sam'd slammed shut.
Right. Windows. Cas went and pushed up the big window in his living room that led to the fire escape, which inspired him to go grab the still smoking pan, and set it out there to cool down.
For fuck’s sake. Just strike him dead, what the hell happened to his level of smooth from five god damned minutes ago? “No. I mean—yes, I don’t.” Son of a bitch. “I was, uh, I was asking about you? I’m single. Super single.”
Cas reached down and yanked out the bolt. He washed it off in a nearby puddle and stashed it again. “What will you tell your brother about the missing weapon if he comes across us before we retrieve it?”
He definitely never imagined that Cas would give him a whole new appreciation for anticipation, but the moment before Cas walks into the room, while Dean's gut is clenching in excitement, desire, and arousal, he knows that Cas really, really has.
“I'm just going for a walk. It's been quiet around here for months. No sign of any soldiers from Stormridge, so quit worryin’,” he said, leaning forward, the soft tinkling of his chainmail adjusting as he reached out and ran his fingertips along her horns.
Before Cas could answer, Dean strolled leisurely up to the grey steel door on the front of the rundown-looking warehouse. Cas was right on his heels when he pushed the door open and walked in.
“Because, Charlie, he needs a slow build up or he'll freak out. And I think he'll run. I'm not prepared to lose him,” Cas answered, voice too raw for his own comfort.
He looks wrecked, hair all stuck up, and his face is so open, a soft, vulnerable smile on his lips as he climbs back into Dean’s lap. Dean cups his cheeks and kisses him slow, sweet, like he should’ve at the start of this. “Hi,” he says, punch-drunk stupid.
Eventually he wore himself out, and he whistled to signal he was heading back. The return trip went slower with Dean waiting for Baby to outpace him. Unease rolled through his gut within moments.
“I'll field that question.” Came a vaguely familiar accented voice. “First…” Fingers snapped and with a rustle, Dean was suddenly dressed. He looked down at the the pair of blue jeans and the grey Henley he was wearing. Huh. Neat trick, but he still bristled. “You're welcome.”
“I should probably thank Sam someday,” Dean mumbled a few long moments later, fingers rubbing under Baby's chin. “For begging me so much to keep you. I guess you're alright.”
“Well,” Cas said, word dragged out and filthy sounding, “since you asked so nicely. We’ll start with my hand, get you all pink and warmed up and then we’ll move on to the paddle. Have you done this before?”
The thought struck Dean out of nowhere, and fucking shit. Why didn’t he ask that before he paraded around half-naked, trying to seduce the guy? Just because Cas didn’t have a ring on, didn’t mean he wasn’t spoken for.
He settles for watching, eyes glued to the pink of Cas's lips slipping wetly over satin covered hardness. It's a sight that Dean's gonna jack off to for the rest of his damn life, pleasure spiraling through him, tension tightening in his groin. After one more slow sideways suck from the base all the way to the head of Dean's dick, Cas finally, mercifully gives Dean a break.
Dean rubbed a hand over the back of his head, and looked at his lap, “Those are the things that I’m for sure definitely into … or really want to try … with you.”
Sam glanced at him, but they didn't have time. “Now, Sam!” he insisted, just as Dean yelled, “You go too, Cas!”
On cue, Sam stomped out into the entryway, pulled on his boots and black down jacket. He followed Dean out to the car, and they climbed in.
A stilted breath punches from Dean's lungs, his cheeks burning. “Probably not as hard as you make me,” he retorts eyes dropping to Cas's chest, struggling for control of his body.
Glancing down curiously at his shoulder, Cas's expression clears to understanding, his cheeks flushing adorably dark again. “It's … um, a nicotine patch. I know you don't enjoy the taste or smell … and I started to think I should probably be more cautious about my health since there's someone I,” Cas trails off looking flustered and Dean's heart fucking swells, grows three sizes that day or somethin’ equally dorky.
“We have all night, right?” Cas asked breathlessly, his hot, hard cock grinding in the groove of Dean's thigh. Dean hummed agreement, the need to come already pushing at the edges of his awareness. God, Cas was good at this. “Then let me. I want to see you lose it for me Dean. I want to feel you come… and I want to hear what you sound like while I can still focus on it.” He bit below Dean's ear, just shy of pain, and Dean thrusted up into his tightening grip, panting. “Can you do that for me?”
After that it's all blank until now. There's morning dew clinging to his face and eyelashes, so he's probably been here overnight. But where the hell is here?
Dean chewed on his lip, eyes dropping to Cas’s chin as he quietly admitted, “Just … there’s stuff in there that … uh, that I never told anyone before.”
Though Dean doesn’t like the vicious smarmy smell Mr. Adler gives off when he’s informing him about the guy and makes sure to add that he’s an omega. Like that matters to Dean at all. Long as this Castiel knows what he’s doing—and he’s gotta to’ve made it this far—then, Dean could give less of a shit what his secondary gender is.
A little while later, they both crammed into Dean’s tiny shower. The cool water only slightly took the edge off how arousing the sight and feel of Cas all slick with water was. It wasn’t until they were toweling off and dressing that Dean’s panic over Cas leaving kicked in full force. He wasn’t ready for this to end. Good things, really good things, were rare nowadays. Seemed a waste to squander it when one came along.
Anticipation a living breathing thing beneath his skin as Cas dips his fingers down under his waistband and finds out that he’s not wearing underwear. Fuck, the only sign Cas even notices is a subtle shift in the way the smoke is clouding up, making Dean dizzy.
They take the Impala at Cas's request. “You don't get to drive it as much as you used to,” he says softly, “and I miss it too.”
Cas's eyes locked with Dean’s, and he got totally lost in the way Dean’s widened a little, his cheeks flushed bright pink. Dean shyly bit down on his full bottom lip but he didn’t look away, and Cas was charmed. Dean's eyes were curious and so green, his hand white knuckled on his bottle of coke.
for the beautiful art prompt, the inspiration, the laughs, and the ideas. <3<3<3 Please check out and reblog the artpost
“Use your words, baby,” Cas demands, reaching the edge of the bed. He crawls up onto the mattress between Dean's legs and runs his hands from Dean's ankles all the way up his thighs until he's thumbing the cut of his hips.
And then so beautifully, Dean’s cheeks blushed darker. He wet his lips with his tongue. “Can I suck you off?” Almost like an afterthought he added, “Please, Cas?”
They'd just set their empty plates down on the coffee table and relaxed back into the couch when Cas glanced up at Dean. He had this soft, affectionate look on his face that made Cas's heart hastily stumble over itself. Dean's hand cupped his cheek, there was soft skin and the unhurried slide of Dean's thumb over the swell of Cas's bottom lip a second before his mouth followed. An easy press that hitched Cas’s breathing—just a slow brushing of sensitive lips together. Dean pulled back, and scrutinized Cas's eyes for a moment, then dove in again more forcefully.
When his pants finally started to feel uncomfortable, Cas lifted up a little and grinned down at Dean. Smugly he announced, “See, told you. Just like I said, you didn't hurt me.”
“Unfortunately the decision came down to you or an alpha the big wigs have been scouting, trying to poach for a while now, and Dean finally accepted their offer. I’m sure you’ll have another chance, Castiel.”
Lastly, I thought it'd be fun to include a little playlist of the songs I listened to while I was writing. You can find a link to that
Yeah, maybe Dean was a little bitter. A lot bitter, whatever. He stood in the room with Sam, and glanced around as they waited for the few friends they had left in Lawrence to filter in. In the corner there was a bronze urn that Dean was trying real hard not to actively think of as Dad. Seemed a bit morbid.
“Glad you like it. Why don’t you get settled and I’ll go send Castiel in. I’m sure the two of you can handle things.”
It’s not the sunshine that wakes Castiel in the morning. It’s not some romantic light warming his face. It’s Dean’s half-choked snore. Castiel chuckles silently as Dean’s breathing beneath his ear resumes its quiet rumble, chest rising and falling evenly.
“But it didn't,” Sam kept saying, ignoring Dean's outburst. “It just stopped, like it recognized y—”
There was a small smirk on Cas’s still puffy pink lips. “I can handle myself, Dean. I’ve been watching my own back for a long time, and I just spent the last week making my way to Sioux Falls alone. I’ll be fine.”
Bobby closed the distance between them and pulled him and Sam into a double hug that Dean maybe let himself actually enjoy. Bobby smelled like summer days and engine grease, and Dean inhaled deeply, heartened. It wasn’t like they hugged often—this was practically unheard of—but he bet it was how people felt when their dad’s hugged them. Another little prick of guilt to add to Dean’s tally. Bobby stepped back but kept his hand on each of their shoulders. “How you boys handlin’ this?”
They don't say anything, Dean just walks over and takes his mug from Cas, pressing a gentle, lingering kiss to Cas's lips. It's not even sexual in nature, just comfort. This is where they both belong, and in the still of the morning, they let themselves enjoy a few stolen moments before they'll part again.
When he was close enough, Dean leapt into action, tossing the looped end of the rope over the shadowlight’s head and yanking it tight around its neck. A terrifying sound rumbled from its chest, a cross between a bellow and a growl that would never come from a horse-like creature of any kind. It reared up as the rope began to glow golden orange and Dean held tight.
“Are. Disgustingly cute.” She hesitated a brief second. “And not that I really wanna think about it, well… much. You really, really need to tap that, Cas. You look like crap and you were barely aware of what we were saying. At the very least, you gotta talk to him about what's going on.”
Tension in his gut wound tighter, and Cas chased his orgasm with rapid flicks of his wrist. So fucking close and he pictured the wide-eyed face Dean’d make as he slid slowly inside of him for the first time. Cas would use his power to make it easier for him, make sure he felt nothing but the pleasure of it. He’d be tight and hot and-
“Mhm. Come sit,” Cas said, nodding in the direction of the living room. That had to be a good sign, right? Cas wanting to get more comfortable. At least Dean thought so until he was sitting on the couch alone, and Cas was leaning with his back against the french doors.
Someday Dean hopes that they’ll get to be together longer than a few hours or days at a time, maybe they'll live together. Waking up next to Cas every morning sounds like an amazing future to Dean. For now though—he can be patient.
spread out for him like that in his car, looking like the hottest kind of sex and Dean reverently runs his hands over the curve of Cas's ass as he gets up onto his knees behind him. He has to bend over awkwardly to keep from banging his head on the roof, but it's not their first rodeo in this car.
So now Dean was sitting in his car in the school parking lot and dreading having to head inside. His stomach was still hot with humiliation and his head throbbed faintly. He’d been able to push it down for a couple days when he didn’t have to face Cas—face what he’d done to him.
Impatiently, Dean squirmed while Cas worked his way lower, his head was thrown back, eyes squeezed tight. Dean's lips were parted around heaving breaths and carnal gasps of Cas's name. Cas took his time, long moments devoted to teasing each of Dean’s budded pink nipples with sucks and nips and flashes of tongue while he rolled the one not in his mouth between his thumb and forefinger.
He blinked his eyes open, dazed. Dean flashed him a grin and said, “I’m just gonna clean up real quick.”
Once he’d cleaned himself to the best of his abilities, Dean took the towel and cloth back, tossed them into the corner of his room, and promptly curled up with his head on Cas’s chest. Cas smiled as Dean heaved a satisfied sigh and stretched contently, the smell of sex and sated omega heavy in the air. “Fuck that was awesome,” Dean mumbled, cheek warm where it was pressed against Cas’s chest.
Satisfaction twitched the corners of Dean's lips up, and he pocketed his phone. If he hurried, he might be able to box up Sam's room before he needed to get himself showered and changed.
Cas pumped his fingers a few times, twisting them in and out, back in, and Dean moaned frantically. He rolled his hips back, fucked himself on Cas's talented, long fingers. So close already, heat coiling in his gut and the base of his spine, body quivering with how damn good he felt.
He kissed his way up Dean’s inner thighs. Dean’s cock bounced and hardened, already needy, already looking for attention. Cas bypassed it, moved up to play his tongue and teeth over Dean’s nipples, wrenching tiny sounds from the back of Dean’s throat. And when he said he’d choose the pace, he meant it. He deliberately sought out all the places that made Dean squirm and arch and moan.
He’s pulled out of his reminiscing by the creak of the screen door opening—he really oughta oil that. Cas steps out onto the porch, and smiles at him. “Hey, cowboy. You’re back early.”
Beneath his tongue and lips, Dean’s skin was hot, salty. Instantly addictive, he wanted more, but he held back. For now, this was enough, this was good.
Cas ground forward first, a tiny bit deeper, and Dean shivered, hot all over, sweat sticking him to the couch, and then Cas pulled back and slammed in. Again and again, powerful thrusts crushing Dean into the cushions, making his skin prickle and his cock ache. Until Dean was lost in sensation and pleasure and the feel of Cas inside him, Cas’s hands on him, in his hair, pulling, sliding down to rest against his throat. Every part of Dean was vibrating, glowing with how fucking hot Cas got him.
From somewhere inside of him, blue flames erupted, dancing along his skin in spirals and whorls that leapt from him and bridged the gap between them. Mary's body seemed to be absorbing whatever magic he was putting out and she watched, still unafraid as she saw it happen until she was forced to close her eyes against a bright white flare of blinding light before everything went completely dark.
Dean that he liked the mark. Cas turned off the water and climbed out of the shower. He toweled off and then wandered back to his bedroom, got himself into fresh boxer-briefs, black jeans and a black t-shirt. Lastly, he pulled on a black hoodie.
visualizing it as he stepped under the hot spray of the shower and tugged the curtain closed. He grimaced at it, and decided he’d grab a new one tomorrow morning. Bleach only did so much.
Even if guilt kept trying to push its way in. Dean just kept reminding himself that Cas wanted to be there. He wanted to do this. A little part of Dean wondered if he was making a mistake, allowing himself this kind of comfort and companionship. How much harder was it going to be to let Cas go after this?
he begs, fingers digging into the arms of the chair, but Cas still doesn’t let him bounce on his dick like he’s desperate to, just slides the hand not holding onto him up along his front, slow burning drag from just above the base of his cock—knuckles that graze against his shaft and Dean wants to cry—all the way up to pinch and roll his nipples.
“Dunno, how are you?” he replies, because from where he’s sitting, Castiel looks like the best thing he’s ever seen. He has for a long time, if Dean’s honest.
“I am hungry,” Cas admits, finally leaving the bedroom, and Dean follows him down the hall, then down into the dining room.
Dean looked back as he kept climbing, he might be rattled too if Cas focused that haughty glare his way. “It's a shadowlight.”
Cas bit Dean’s bottom lip, teeth scraping over it as he pulled away. “I’ve been wanting to do that from the moment you showed up on my doorstep, and it’s so much better than I imagined. Your mouth…” Cas trailed off, delving back in for another taste.
The cab pulls up to the hotel where the party’s being held at and Castiel sighs after he pays the cabbie and gets out. He’s already pushing the acceptable limits of late, but he hadn’t wanted to be early. It’s already bound to be awkward enough.
Cas could color the exact shades of green and caramel that flecked his eyes. He could and had drawn Dean’s face from memory alone on more than one occasion in the last couple of months. His sketchbook—the one he kept just for himself—was full of page after page of a shy, quiet looking boy with freckles smattering his face in delicate bursts and full pink lips that practically begged for Cas's tongue to trace them.
“Go on,” Cas says, voice raspy as he hugs Dean close and breathes him in—the rich familiar scent of Irish Spring body wash and Old Spice deodorant filling his senses. “I'll see you this afternoon.”
So Dean does it again, rubs more firmly over the spot he's found and listens to Castiel’s breathing tremble, watches the stuttering of his hips like he can’t decide whether to push into it or pull away from how good it feels.
He hadn't needed to take the long way like that in ages. That he couldn't handle himself without it felt like a failure on his part. This thing with Cas shouldn't have been messing with him so much… only, it was. His baseline was already elevated, and he hadn't even gone inside the school.
Castiel perks up at that. After nailing the Crowley pitch last week, he’d been told he was a shoe in. Hope wells up in his chest, he’s worked so hard for this. He’s put his life outside of work on hold for years—no dating, barely any friendships, vacations spent working anyway—all of it to prove that despite the fact that he’d presented as an omega, he was better qualified than so many alphas for advancement. He
There was the wet sound of Dean licking his lips, but he didn’t look up at Cas when he spoke, voice just a little rougher than usual, “Hey, Cas?”
Dean’s cheeks flush dark, and his head falls back against the wall, green eyes focusing on the ceiling. “I’m your boss. I’m,” Dean shrugs, “me, and you didn’t seem to like me much. What was I supposed to say? If I’d known you were coming, I’d be wearing blockers right now too. I never wanted to put you in this position.”
“C’mon. Cas, c’mon,” Dean groaned impatiently as he dug his heels into the mattress and pushed back on Cas’s fingers, fucking himself on them.
Then he stood there under the hot water, and told himself to get it together. He’d known this trip was gonna bring up a lot of shit that he'd buried down deep, but he’d really thought he’d handle it better than he was. Not be at risk of falling completely apart on the first day back. He hated feeling weak like this, like he was proving Dad right.
His longest relationship, if you could call it that, was the friendship he had with Charlie. Though Cas was pretty sure that’d only worked out because Charlie’d been making it work since kindergarten when she’d claimed him as her best friend entirely without his consent.
The last thing he recalls is fighting Michael to expel him. It's fuzzy ‘round the edges and there are holes in his memory, but he knows that they bitterly fought before Dean finally remembered how to expel an angel. It'd taken every damn last one of Dean's reserves, but he'd somehow won.
“Want that, Dean?” he asked, voice low and rough with his desire. “Wanna feel my fingers and tongue buried inside you? Sliding in and out until you’re begging for more. Until you come apart for me?”
“All the cells still open?” he asked as he pushed past her and climbed the steps pulling Cas along behind him.
The click of the lube being uncapped sounded and Dean tried not to shamelessly rut against Cas’s thigh, but he was so turned on. Then slick fingers slipped beneath his panties, sliding under lace to tease at him, rubbing, circling, sparks of lust fizzing up at the contact.
Without thought, Cas's tiny smile grew into something a little predatory. “Maybe you're just nice to look at.”
The next two nights followed the same pattern; Dean had trouble sleeping and wandered into the woods to wear himself out. Both nights he caught glimpses of the pegasus. He wondered if it was letting him see it, ’cause he hadn't heard anyone else in the village talking about a mysterious pegasus wandering in the woods.
Amusement filled him up and warmed his cheeks. “Like you couldn't tell.” He pressed a kiss behind Cas's ear, then admitted, “It was good, Cas. Pretty damn awesome. Did you use your power to make it easier? And the lube?”
Cas interrupted, speaking for the first time, his voice a low growl, springing goosebumps up along Dean's skin, “is a seren of Desrix. Your word for us is ridiculous nonsense.”
“Cas, c’mon,” Dean groaned, legs already trembling, fingers white knuckling in the sheets, his hard cock leaking onto his stomach.
always blows me away with her art, but oh my gosh. Make sure you give her some love in the comments or over on her tumblr. <3
An hour later and Cas had no idea what’d possessed him to imply that he could cook. The hamburger he’d tried to fry for spaghetti was a black charcoal brick that smoke was pouring off of. The spaghetti itself was glued together in one massive sticky lump, and Cas stood there for a moment and frowned at it all in dismay.
Dean retreats to his own office, and Castiel’s anger kicks up another notch over the fact that Dean wouldn’t even argue with him when he was being rude. Why is Dean so good at getting under his skin? Castiel can’t help that he feels so antagonistic toward Dean, it’s probably a natural part of losing out on the promotion to him, all because Castiel’s not an alpha. Dean’s inability to treat Castiel as he’d treat anyone else on the team is just making his dislike of him worse.
Dean couldn't help but grin at that. “Obviously. Surprised it took you this long to notice with that gigantic brain of yours.”
For the most part he kept things casual. During the war he hadn't wanted any long term connections; he hated the idea of leaving someone behind if he died. He just wasn't worth that kind of pain.
Another finger pushes in, and Dean's gonna lose it, he's never gonna make it. His gut clenches against it, body going taut. He can't even get out the words this time, can't even beg for Cas to stop and let him catch his breath so he doesn't come. Just when he's sure he can't take it, Cas withdraws his fingers.
“God I love your ass,” Cas murmured behind him, and a flush burned across Dean’s cheeks and down his chest. “Loved how red we got it yesterday. You should’ve seen it, Dean. Got me so hard.”
Cas must’ve heard Dean’s sharp inhale of breath, because his eyes lifted immediately to Dean’s face as he sat back, paper in his left hand. With his right, he cupped Dean’s cheek and reassuringly rubbed his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone. “Is there something you’re nervous about?”
Not today and not when Cas is waiting at home for him. His lips tug up into a smile, and Jo’s face breaks out into a grin like she already knows she’s won.
Eyes shiny and brows pushed together when he pulled back, Sam cleared his throat before he answered, “I’m okay, I guess.”
He skids to a stop moments before they do. All three of them tensing for a fight. It could be Michael. He makes a split second decision, and he sees Sam shaking his head before he starts.
Later, after Cas kissed Dean through his afterglow, he took the time to study the blissed out, hazy satisfaction on Dean's face, his slitted, barely open bottle green eyes bright. He was stunning, arousing, painfully so. Cas managed to contain himself just long enough for Dean to recover before working him up again. It wasn’t long until he was watching Dean scramble a hand at his nightstand, searching for lube and condoms—apparently Dean was great at scavenging, because it’d been months since Cas’d seen either, not that he had anyone to use them with if he had—and tossed them both to him. Dean rolled over onto his stomach, face down, ass up, and even in the dark, Cas could tell how glorious the view was.
Whatever Castiel had seen on Dean’s face that morning seemed to unlock flood gates. Where before Dean’d watched with feigned disinterest as Castiel flirted and fucked his way through life, now Castiel appears to be focusing his not inconsiderable efforts on Dean. And Dean’s trying, okay? Just like he has been for the last two weeks since all this started, he’s trying to maintain his professional persona. He’s trying to pretend that Castiel’s faux innocence and his teasing words, his hot glances and the way he keeps ‘accidentally’ brushing up against Dean where he hadn’t before, isn’t getting to him.
“Don’t be a dumbass, Dean,” Cas replied, eyes narrowed. “It wasn’t your fault. I let myself starve because I couldn’t get you out of my head and I didn’t want to pressure you. It was intense like that
Dean's vision greyed, and his ears buzzed. He couldn’t breathe and he couldn’t fight for it anymore—his grip weakened. Unconsciousness loomed heavily over him and begged him to disappear into it. Distantly, he heard Sam shouting his name. Wind began whipping around the room but Dean barely felt it.
And he'd thought… some part of Cas had still thought that Dean would be standing right there when the building burned away. Elementals couldn't hurt themselves with their own fire, right? So
Last week, John’d suggested that they cancel their plans to go camping because of Mary’s ‘state’ and well, that’d rubbed her the wrong way. She was pregnant not bedridden. Just because she got nauseous sometimes didn’t mean she couldn’t still go have
At first, Dean’d been pretty damn skeptical when Benny had suggested meditation. Seemed a little hippy-dippy to him, but now he loved it. He’d just gotten really into the flow of his breathing and started relaxing when a body dropped down beside him and jolted him back to reality. His eyelashes fluttered open and his eyes focused on Cas, half-smile on his face and one eyebrow quirked.
He lets himself remember Dean teaching him how to fix something on the Impala for the first time, green eyes sparkling in the sunlight as he'd smiled at him.
“Better,” Dean sighed, pressing back a fraction just to feel Cas’s hard cock press against his hot ass. “It’d—” He broke off, gasping as Cas bit and sucked at his neck, hips pressing forward to grind against the cool leather. “It’d be even better with that cock in me.”
“Such a good omega, aren't you, Dean? Always so fucking wet for me. Want you to do something for me, okay, baby?”
Dean felt one part stupid, eight parts relieved, and another part euphoric. “If anyone's had someone in the palm of their hand this whole time, it's you,” Dean argued. “Like I've ever begged anyone I've slept with to stay in my life. It's humiliating, is what it is. God, I love you.” A bubble of joy welled up in Dean's chest, and he pulled Cas into a kiss that echoed his words.
And then Cas’s hand squirmed down, found Dean’s cock and squeezed around it, gave him a tight channel to fuck into. Dean’s skin tightened, his breaths came faster. He was so close, so fucking close, and he couldn’t hold off. It felt too amazing, sensations rocketing through him at lightning speed, making him lightheaded. He gasped in a desperate breath and held it, muscles straining as he shattered, exploding in white hot pulses that Cas stroked him through, thrusting into him a few more times before he let out a deep groan and jerked inside, grinding close. Dean stared into the vibrant green yard, flowers of every color in dazzling arrangements, sunlight sparkling on the koi pond, and Cas was right, every time he was out there working, he’d be thinking of this, of Cas still hot and hard inside him, pulsing as he came.
“You can go,” Castiel tells her. She looks offended, but then she glances at Dean in his suit and doesn’t argue.
Closing his eyes, Dean dug his teeth into his bottom lip, let out a slow breath, and then steeled his nerve, looking up into Cas’s unreal eyes. “Would, um, I want you to spank me. In my panties. And… and then pull ’em down and fuck me.”
Baby stretched into the contact and let out a little huff, her eyelids drifting half closed, her gaze steady on his face.
Sliding in all the way, Dean groans Cas's name, and Cas just grinds back, like he wants Dean inside him as far as he can possibly get him. “Fuck, Cas.”
A satisfied moan rumbled up out of Cas’s chest and Dean echoed it as he started sucking in earnest. He slid down all the way until Cas was pushing into his throat and then drew back up to the head. His tongue pressed up against the underside as he let his mouth flood with saliva, making it wet and sloppy.
"I—that is—you—" Cas swore internally; it was ridiculous, utterly ridiculous that Dean managed to cause him to trip over his tongue and humiliate himself every single time they spoke. He wanted to crawl back inside and start over. "Hot. The sun. And it's…" Cas rolled his eyes heavenward and prayed for the earth to swallow him and save him from this situation of his own infernal making. "What I mean is, thirsty? I—lemonade. I'm making some and you could, well, come in, cool off. For a bit."
The patter of heavy rain falling on concrete was punctuated by Cas's soaked boots splashing through puddles he didn't do anything to avoid as he walked down the deserted city street. He should've been more careful, more quiet. He didn't know this area, after all. He'd only made it to Sioux Falls this afternoon, and while he hadn't run into anyone—or anything—that didn't mean they weren't out there waiting to attack, and yet he didn't creep along carefully. Didn't bother trying to be stealthy.
Both of them flushed at that. It was the first time they'd mentioned the whole soulmate thing out loud. The good feeling in Dean’s chest grew again. He trailed his fingers along the new ink—green and blue, the symbolism wasn’t lost on him. His hand slipped over the handprint he’d left and Cas sucked in a tight breath. Dean jerked his hand away with a frown, “You shouldn't have to settle for me, Cas. For someone you gotta treat with kid gloves.”
The silence in the aftermath was almost deafening. His cheeks were still flaming, and he couldn’t bring himself to look over at Dean. Defensively, he held onto his left bicep with his right hand and made himself talk in spite of the uncomfortable twisting in his stomach, “I probably should've warned you that I'm really only good at making sandwiches and frozen dinners before I offered to feed you.”
Finally Dean sighs. “Well, I brought you out here to look at the stars too, but honestly I'd rather be home in bed with you right about now. Unless you still wanna do that?”
Through everything, Dean's been there, cheering him on every step of the way. Encouraging him to make friends—like Charlie—encouraging him to discover a job that he's passionate about … just encouraging him. Where would Castiel be without him? What would his life even look like right now?
The tub was easily Dean's favorite part of the entire house. After months at a time spent grimy and disgusting during the war when resources were scarce and rest was a luxury, Dean loved the guarantee of a warm bath each day.
So it wasn't the fact that he was being watched, but a question of who was doing the watching. The who in this case, was Dean Winchester. Out of the corner of his eye he'd caught Dean glancing at him and away much more than usual today. It intrigued him even though it shouldn't. Just like he shouldn't know that it was Dean's birthday today, but he did. He knew so much more about Dean than he'd ever admit to.
“You know, you don't gotta baby me,” Dean told him when Cas found his last pair of pajama pants in his duffel and held them out for Dean to step into.
With one last sigh heaved, Dean tugged on the door handle and pushed his door open. He slid smoothly from his seat, grabbing his backpack in his right hand and pulling it with him as he went. His shoulders involuntarily hunched a little once he pulled his bag onto his back and slammed the door shut. Like he was caving in on himself, he supposed he was in a way.
Possessively, Cas deepened the kiss with sensual slides of his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Silky curls of their tongues, and then Dean was in his lap, grinding his hips down and forward. Hard where he was pressed up against Cas’s belly. A greedy burst of lust rocked Cas to his core at the proof of his effect on Dean. As if the smell of Dean’s arousal, the slick he’d already begun to leak, wasn’t intense enough. Cas's palms swept over Dean's back, he needed to touch as much of him as he could.
After that day it became a new normal for Cas to go and sit with Dean at lunch for varying periods of time. Some days he stayed the whole time and some days he got called away by his friends. He tried—more than once—to get Dean to join them. Each time, Dean turned him down. He said he'd rather spend some time quietly by himself outside before class and Cas always let him go a little reluctantly.
Shrugging, Dean ran his fingers along the borrowed sleeve of Cas’s jacket. “Put in an appearance. ’Sides, it’s damn hard to concentrate on
That was true. He shoved his disappointment down deep, his regret that he wouldn’t get to see Dean waking up. “I do.”
On the way back up, he had to tell himself not to run, because that would be supremely pathetic. He kept it to a brisk jog as a compromise, and it was still a struggle not to speed up.
After that, Dean kept expecting her to ask the big question or pry but she didn't. She was weirdly unobtrusive and talked about the plans her and Dad had for the weekend. Something about a reunion party with some of their friends from high school, but Dean was only half paying attention.
It was weird—how Dean could feel so bone deep numb and so absolutely fractured at the same time. His eyes were wet by the time he read those last words, throat aching and mouth a tight line. Sam’s face was wet as Dean poured them each another couple fingers of whisky. He wasn’t in any shape to deal with the writhing mass of regret and pain that was scratching away at him just under the surface of his denial.
Slowly, Castiel steps into the space between Dean’s legs, suddenly looking shy and uncertain. Such a juxtaposition to the confident, cocky asshole he normally presents to the word that it jars something loose in Dean’s chest.
“Not bad,” Dean replied. “Got my room all packed. Yours is up next. Anything in particular you want saved that you didn’t grab already?”
Cas reluctantly smiled, still scanning for any other sign of monsters. Something in the kid's voice or his expression reminded Cas of—he cut that line of thinking off. “Crossbows can take down a lot if you've got the right kind, and they're less noisy than guns. Less worry that it's monster friends will come running to see what's for supper. What are you doing out here by yourself?” Cas evaluated the kid. He was a little gangly, but looked healthy and well fed. Sixteen at most. Someone had to be taking care of him.
As Dean pulled on his jeans, he shot Cas a half-smile, eyes crinkled, “Still look good in my clothes.”
For a while they just stay like that, both of them catching their breaths as they come down, Dean softening inside Cas.
While he was in the middle of leaving, Mom stopped him to ruffle his hair and cup his cheeks like it was the last time she was gonna see him. Dean had to shove down a flash of annoyance and focus on keeping his emotions under control. God, Cas was
His shirt parts, and Castiel leans away to look down the length of him, hands smoothing along the bare, toned skin of Dean's stomach and chest. Need claws at Dean's gut, and he just wants Castiel to keep touching him, to never stop.
Castiel’s fingers curl in Dean’s hair as he arches against Dean, keeping him in place while he searches desperately for more body contact that Dean withholds. “You knew,” Castiel accuses, and how he’s coherent enough to discuss anything is a mystery even to him.
The next morning Mary woke slowly, stretched in the morning light that flooded in through her bedroom window. She cuddled down under the covers, into the warmth of John’s body next to her. Hazy with sleep, it took her a long second to remember why something felt off—wrong with this picture.
He mentally shook himself out of it and started walking up the drive, “Kinda wishin’ we’d brought extra help. Benny and Victor offered to fly out, but I … uh,” Dean’s thoughts took a second to form into words. “I didn’t want ‘em to have to deal with this.”
And Castiel had crumpled to the floor, the muscles holding him up suddenly giving out and leaving him in a heap of raw emotion. He's had months to get ahold of the anger, and fear, and agony in his chest, but nothing works.
Heat coiled tight in his gut, every thrust ratcheting up the tension in his body until he was so close he could taste his orgasm right there—flames of it licking up his spine. “Cas, please, I'm gonna—fuck—Can I come? Please, sir, God, I need to—”
It'd stopped hurting years ago, that feeling of isolation. He'd learned to live with it. Dean’d made his peace with the necessity of being alone. These days he barely even recognized the muted, dull ache in his chest as loneliness because he was so used to the way that it felt to be constantly all on his own.
It takes him a while to pick a direction and start walking, but eventually he finds a road, and that leads to a gas station. He hits the can first, and checks the mirror to make sure he doesn't look like he just murdered someone, but nope. He's still wearing that dickbag’s suit and hat. He tears the hat off of his head and throws it in the trash. The tie and suit jacket go next, followed by the vest and if it wouldn't get him arrested he'd leave every stitch of clothing in that can.
Benny shrugs a shoulder and offers Dean a wry smile, gently patting the large black horse beside him. “Sorry, boss. Gotta side with Jo on this one.”
Oh, except… well… Cas’d had his birthday back in September. Dean’d been in the cafeteria when Charlie Bradbury smashed a cupcake in Cas's face while she loudly sang Happy Birthday to him, much to the amusement of nearly everyone in the room.
A quick trip to the bathroom later and she was on her way back when she walked smack into someone. An old man caught her before she could fall, steadied her and Mary’s heart thumped wildly in her chest, a scream locked in her throat. She was half scared out of her mind until she really looked at him—suddenly, she was caught in his brilliant green eyes, swirls of caramel and flecks of yellow, somehow she knew everything was going to be fine.
“Look,” Dean said after Cas had gathered his stuff and thanked him for everything. “If you're plannin’ to explore the city or whatever, you should at least let me show you around.”
“Dean, look at me,” Cas gently requested, lips twitching up in a tiny smile when Dean did. “Who tutored me in Calculus for free when he was in college and way too cool to be spending two evenings a week with his kid brother’s dorky friend?”
The rain had petered off though the sky remained starless, the moon blocked by thick clouds. Cas wouldn't have known where he was going if it wasn't for Dean leading him by the hand. Tingles of anticipation tickled up his arm, heat pooled in his gut.
Cas had to admit the running water they’d rigged up here was nice. He couldn’t remember the last time he had a shower that didn’t come from a bucket he dumped over himself. The water was cool but not ice-cold, so it seemed a fair trade-off with convenience. Besides, he needed the jolt to his system after riding pressed up against Dean on a motorcycle. That had been…
“I’m not gonna go waking the other guards ’cause I can't sleep, Baby,” he told her softly, stroking the scales on her forehead. “It's just a walk to clear my head. Y’know the sigil alarms would go off if anyone crossed the border.”
Dean takes a shaky breath and reaches for Cas's hands. The car's too dark to make out much about the expression on Cas's face other than that he's watching Dean intently. “The past ten years have been even better than I could've hoped for. Things were hard there for a while, but God, I'm so happy with you, you gotta know that. I just—I love you.”
A pleased half-smile crossed Dean's face and then his brows furrowed in thought. He leaned his elbow on the table and rested his head on his fist, took his time with his answer. Before he got around to voicing said answer, the lunch bell rang and Dean grimaced as he casted a furtive glance around at everyone filing out.
Was it so wrong that for once, Dean wanted someone to stay? Was there a way he could convince Cas to?
Just like that, Dean's left panting into the couch cushions, struggling for composure that he's long since lost. Not that he ever has much around Cas anyway. He's wrung out and horny and fuck, he wants to come so damn badly that he can feel it—an insistent throb in his balls, begging for release.
Cas's brows scrunched together. "I have A/C," he assured Dean. The smile on Dean's lips went lopsided, turned into a smirk. And… oh.
Pebbles rolled under Cas's feet along the loose stone path that led to the beach. It was nearly pitch black out, no moon in the sky, and the only thing lighting their way was the flashlight on Dean's cellphone. Their fingers were twined together and Dean's palm was warm against his despite the chill in the late October air.
Sam was looking at him, pleading in his eyes, like he thought Dean could still save him, but if he did what she wanted, she was gonna use him to let out unspeakable evil. And Dean had a sinking feeling that she'd kill them all anyway, just to watch them bleed. It didn’t stop the part of him that wished he could just give her what she wanted, and they could let someone else deal with the aftermath.
He just wants—he just wishes that they could have Dean back. There's nothing else in all of creation that he wants more. Dean had said that he'd come back. He'd made Cas stay behind. And the look in his eyes before he'd said yes was a thousand apologies and a plea for forgiveness. Then he was gone….
“Dean,” Cas grunted. And fuck, he liked the sound of Cas wrecked like that. Dean tilted his hips a little, angling himself, and Cas took full advantage, guiding his cock with one hand, slipping his other arm around Dean’s waist, holding him still. Dean’s breath burst out of him on a loud moan as Cas pressed inside, one long, long, stretching slide and he was buried deep, the wiry curls above his cock rasping against Dean’s ass.
Like the blushing virgin he pretty much was, Dean’s teeth dug into his bottom lip as his eyes fluttered closed. “I trust you.”
“Hey, champ,” Dad said brightly. “Made scrambled eggs and sausages. Go sit down. Should be ready in another minute or so.”
Before he's even fully got his bearings, Cas spreads his fingers over Dean's asscheeks, massaging them, then he digs the tips of his fingers in to pull them apart. The first brush of Cas's tongue sparks brightly along Dean's nerves, the scrape of stubble against his ass so fucking perfect. “Oh, God. Oh, God.”
In the woods it was much darker, no firelight to guide them. Baby, of course, didn't need much light at all, her vision was far more adaptable than Dean's. Luckily the moon was bright overhead and even filtering through the canopy, the path was visible.
“Never,” Dean confessed in a rush of breath as two of Cas's fingers pushed inside of him. A slow, easy glide all the way in, the stretch of it was perfect and hot, and
Another crack, a flash of searing pain radiating outwards. Another, another, another. He was lost in the sensation of it, tears stinging at the corners of his eyes and throat scratchy from moaning.
The thing is … the thing is … they need to get out of here, because Castiel’s not gonna flush his entire career down the toilet by making a scene right now, no matter how much he wants Dean. The problem with that is that if Castiel runs, Dean’s instincts are definitely going to take over, he can see Dean fighting for tenuous restraint—and running is a sure way to snap it.
By the time they made it to Dean’s bedroom Dean’d lost his belt, left behind at the top of the stairs. Dean's boots and socks went next just inside of his door after Dean had flicked on the light switch, and any other time, Cas would’ve had Dean stop there. Would’ve slowly savored stripping him down and teasing him until he begged, but right now Cas was already too worked up. He needed to take a moment before he got to put his hands on miles of bare freckled skin that he’d only dreamed of before then.
A lie or the truth? Which was worse when the truth would tear open old wounds for both of them. Seventeen years he'd kept it to himself, tried to pretend it was all some sort of dream, the product of a desperate mind, but there was Cas proving him wrong, making him dig up stuff that was better left buried.
Oh yeah, she was pissed. “Good, you got five minutes, go wake a few of the others and let them know what's happening, arrange the shifts. I'll stay here until then.”
A clicking noise from behind him finally tugged Dean's attention away from the shaft of moonlight. Had he imagined that whole thing? He
Dean's eyes dropped to the bulge in Cas's jeans. His brows furrowed. Cas hadn't gotten off. “I can take care of that,” he offered as he waved his hand toward Cas's crotch in indication.
He couldn't see where Baby had gotten off to, but he trusted her to stick close. Aside from the rustle of wind through the turning leaves, the walk was quiet. Animals were mostly asleep at this time of night, and nothing he heard concerned him enough to leave the path and investigate.
“Dean.” His eyes were stormy oceans, hungry on Dean's, desperately hot. Dean's chest heaved with ragged breaths, and he watched Cas's do the same—one tiny thread of restraint away from throwing himself at Cas.
intense, and they were wholly focused on him, and for a moment there were absolutely no thoughts making the journey from his brain to his mouth.
Back in his living room, boots kicked off again, he found Dean curled up in the corner of the couch, a small smile on his face and his phone in his hand.
“Wow. Cas Novak? Seriously?” Sam asked, this uncomfortably awed tone in his voice that definitely didn't belong there.
Any residual nervousness was washed away by Cas’s hand tightening slightly on Dean’s face, the unconcealed arousal in his gaze. He looked like he wanted it every bit as badly as Dean did. “I’d love nothing more. In fact,” he paused, wetting his lips. “Why don’t you strip down while I retrieve supplies. Once we start I would rather not have to stop for protection and lubricant.”
“Dean, you didn't, though,” Cas soothes, and it's not like this is the first time Dean's gotten a little teary with intense play, it's just that he doesn't know
Dean felt Cas's smirk against his skin. “I am touching you.” He gently squeezed the hand he had on Dean's jaw for emphasis.
Upstairs, and only accessible from in back, was Sam's living quarters. They were pretty similar to Dean's, except it was all crammed into one floor at Sam's, and he had one less bedroom than Dean.
Dean’s hips arched a little more, and he pushed his ass up in invitation, “God, yes, fuck. Please, sir.”
Shaking and moaning, Dean pushes back against the orgasm rapidly rushing toward him. He can't—he's not allowed, but fuck Cas's tongue is slipping in and out of him, swirling around his rim, and he's so close. “Fuck, love your mouth, Cas. Love … God, I love your mouth,” his voice comes out raspy and broken, barely holding himself back.
He wraps one hand around Cas’s forearm and pulls it down to wrap across his hips. Makes a pitiful little noise and clenches around Cas. There’s a soft little hiss behind him and Dean smirks for a second before a hand in his hair tugs his head back, pulls his neck taut. “Dean.”
That did sound like Sam. There was a clatter from the back of the library over near the stairs. Dean darted a quick look back toward it, but his view was blocked by bookshelves. “Sammy, that you?”
Getting their clothes off is awkward and more than once someone gets elbowed or almost knocked over. By the time they're naked, Dean's breathless and so turned on that he's bursting with the need to make Cas feel good.
He trails his fingers over Cas's slippery rim, forcing a gasp from Cas's lips, and he's just gotta feel. Two of his fingers twist in easy, and Cas moans, arching into the press of them.  He's so damn hot inside that Dean's cock bobs. “You're always so tight for me, Cas. So fucking good.”
After he pulls on his boots and laces them up, giving Cas a very much appreciated view of his spectacular ass, Dean straightens and turns around, winking when he catches Cas's gaze.
Cas flooded the condom in violent euphoric pulses that drained him and left his balls aching. He sagged against Dean, sweaty forehead pressing to the back of his shoulder, and they stayed that way, gasping, slowly catching their breath.
Dean fucked him gently. He built Cas up with teasing touches, then pushed into him slowly. He made it last. The two of them holding onto each other, saying with their bodies all of the things they hadn't said out loud yet, Cas felt like his body was combusting alongside his heart. He wanted Dean so much,
Cas leans down, mouth just barely touching Dean's. Keeping his hands from reaching for Cas, from sliding over all that tanned toned bare skin takes monumental effort. Not tilting his head up to make Cas kiss him even more so.
“Obviously.” He sent Sam a confident smile, and turned to head out front. “I’ll be back before you know it, Sam.”
Cas was so close that it hurt. There was this wave of unity sinking so deeply inside of him that it felt permanent, as if he was changed—or they were—it was incredible and profound, overwhelming, exhilarating. He somehow held himself together for Dean.
“You feel so good,” Cas breathes out, stretching forward, pressing their mouths together, slickly swirling his tongue around Dean's. “Fuck, Dean.”
Cas withdrew his finger and when he pressed back inside this time it was with two, stroking and thrusting, twisting as Cas rotated his wrist. Dean shuddered and moaned. He couldn’t—he wanted—
Now it was sparkling and Dean was sweaty with the exertion of scrubbing pretty much every surface clean. Beads of perspiration dripped down from his temples and collected in the hollow of his throat. His black t-shirt was sticking wetly to his back. All in all, he felt pretty gross.
And right now, he's finally tracked the little fucker down—he's on the other side of the locked study room door that Dean's standing in front of. How the hell he keeps escaping on him, Dean has no damn clue. It's his
He's wanted this for so damn long, and he loves the way Cas makes him feel. Loves the stretch of his cock dragging inside of him, shoving in hard and fast, over and over. Loves the way Cas watches his face, like Dean's expressions are so hot he has to see them.
Dean scrambled to comply, and Cas propped it under Dean's hips, tilting him up at a better angle. God, Dean was so beautiful, legs splayed wide. Lightly, Cas ran his palms up his inner thighs and spread them wider. “Hold your legs open for me, Dean.”
Dean wanted to shake his head, mystified that Cas could feel that way about him with all that'd happened, but the sincerity in his voice was plain as day. Cas made it impossible not to believe him.
He brushed his thumb over the lock, the smooth leather, arousal rising up in him as he considered wearing something like that for Cas. A rustling noise behind him reminded Dean that Cas was watching and his cheeks heated as he pulled his fingers away.
When alphas get angry it’s natural, competitiveness, an edge. When an omega gets angry, they’re unbalanced, can’t control their feelings. Fucking frustrating is what that whole line of thinking is, but Castiel can’t change the way people think. All he can do is try to prove them wrong.
Cas shrugs, it's no secret that he loves to write. He'd majored in English at University—the hardest four years of his life because he spent the school year away from Dean, and now he's a best selling novelist. So yeah, he writes a lot. And his number one fan has always been the man standing right in front of him. “This one's almost done. I'm pretty sure you're gonna love it.”
“Hmm,” Dean hummed as he sat up. Cas followed his lead and dressed himself in Dean’s now rumpled borrowed clothes.
“Yeah. Morning,” he mumbled much less cheerfully as he poured Lucky Charms into the bowl in front of him, sparing a glance over at Dad, who was at least pretending to read the paper like it was any other day.
Dean’s stomach muscles tense as he tries to stave off his orgasm long enough to warn Castiel. But Castiel just hums and swallows Dean down all the way until his throat’s fluttering around the head of Dean’s cock as he swallows. The feeling of it so intense that Dean crashes into his orgasm with violent force. He comes shaking and moaning and he’s still spurting into Castiel’s throat when he feels warm wet splashes against his calf.
Cas hummed. His voice was huskier than usual when he spoke. “It’s been a while since I slept for so long or so comfortably. Thank you.”
Cas Novak. His soulmate was Cas…  Novak. Of all the people in the whole freakin’ world, he got a guy he went to school with. An extremely hot guy with dark messy hair, deep blue eyes that were intense and perpetually lined with thick black eyeliner, piercings, tattoos… a guy who probably barely even knew who Dean was, just like everyone else.
From the start, John’d been convinced they were having a boy. Mary didn’t much care either way, and when you got down to it, neither did John. He just liked the idea of having a son. He wouldn’t love a daughter any less, Mary knew.
He shrugged, shifting his gaze away from her. “I don't know. Since I first fed, I've never gone this long. I guess we'll find out.” He cut his eyes back to Charlie's, and gripped her forearm as he implored her seriously. “I can't tell him yet, I won't push him and you need to promise me you won't interfere. He needs more time and I intend to give it to him.”
He pulls Cas's chair out for him even though Cas fondly rolls his eyes. Then he goes and fetches the food. The candlelight, the conversation, and the fact that dinner turned out great makes Dean feel like he did good. Cas looks happy, but this is just the start of their night.
“Fuck, you look good spread out on my bed like that. Been so good for me, haven't you, Dean?” Cas walks toward the bed, eyes never leaving Dean's, and it's hard to form a thought other than
So fucking hot. Cas trembled with barely restrained passion. He lapped, and then pressed his tongue inside as deeply as he could. Dean was soaking wet, so ready for him that his slick was leaking down Cas's chin. With a parting kiss to the fluttering pink of Dean’s rim, Cas easily slid two fingers into him. There was barely any resistance and Dean moaned his satisfaction out.
Cas’s blue eyes went dark, intense, as he swallowed hard. One of his big hands grabbed Dean's hip while the other gripped the back of his neck with a steady pressure that sent hot shivers through Dean, some base omega instinct in him responding to Cas's possessive display.
Just shy of the elevator banks, Dean catches him, strong arms spin Castiel around and pin him up against the wall. And fuck, Dean smells so damn good, looks even better, and Castiel is tired of fighting this attraction he’s been harboring. “Dean.”
Shuddering, Dean grimaced and tossed the empty bottle back to Sam. He smacked his lips at the slimy texture it left in his mouth, nose wrinkled in disgust. “Yuck,” he complained, body tingling momentarily as the magic suffused him.
One of Dean’s palms curled around the base of Cas's hard cock and held it still while he leaned forward and licked teasingly over the head with the flat of his pink tongue. Cas’s thighs trembled with the effort of remaining still, blood gone hot at the sight of Dean swirling and flicking his tongue around the tip.
“Fuck, Cas, doing so good, sweetheart. Just like that.” He can’t help the endearments, they keep slipping out and he doesn’t care, Castiel seems to like it, anyway. “Jesus, look at you. So fucking hot.”
in this sexy broken whisper that Cas absolutely knew he’d spend the rest of his life fantasizing about.
Castiel’s eyes have this hopeful cautious warmth in them and Dean thinks about the way people sometimes get crushes on people who are safe, people they think couldn’t return their affections—celebrities, teachers, doctors … bodyguards? Something sick twists in his gut, and he remembers that Castiel is younger than him. For all of Castiel’s casual sex and attitude and recreational drug use, he’s still only nineteen to Dean’s twenty-eight.  What is he thinking?
Gradually throughout the movie, they drifted closer and closer to each other until Dean was curled up into his side, head rested on his chest with Cas’s arm curled around his shoulders, and Dean’s settled across his waist. It felt natural, despite the way Cas’s heart picked up speed at first before it slowed back to normal. Dean’s scent was intoxicating. Everything about Dean, in fact, was intoxicating.
Dean's lips parted and his dick gave a valiant fucking effort at filling again. The little smirk on Cas's face before he left the room said he knew exactly what kind of effect that had on Dean.
It turned out that despite Dad’s poor upkeep on the exterior of the Impala, he’d at least kept her running, kept her engine clean, and her undercarriage looked to be in good condition too. Like he’d wanted it in working order for the day they came back, Dean thought with a pang in his chest.
the caffeine. His mood matches his coffee by the time he makes it into Sandover Advertising with just a minute to spare.
“Good m—” Dean sucked and nipped at the patch of skin his lips rested against, and Cas's words cut off with a hot groan that sent a jolt of arousal straight to where Dean realized he was hard against Cas's ass. At the same time, Cas seemed to notice too, because he pushed back into it, grinding slowly against him and Dean was the one groaning then.
It made him anxious, but he kept himself from getting too worked up. He told himself that even once he knew, he didn't
With that, Dean climbs in his truck, and after a last wave, he turns it around before he drives down the gravel drive back toward where the largest barn is. With a fond smile on his face, Cas watches Dean's tail lights fade before he shuts the door and heads back to the kitchen. He has work to do.
Awareness returned to him slowly. He was curled up on his side, out of the wet spot. His arms had been released and his cuff was lying on the pillow near his head. Cas was wrapped around him, bottom arm under Dean's head and his other arm over Dean's chest, palm resting against his heart, knot still faintly pulsing inside of him every so often.
Sure, that last part was a lie, but Dean said it like he believed it, and Cas bought it. His face softened and he said, “I won’t forget.”
Cas skimmed his teeth along the length of Dean’s shaft, making him tremble and whine low in his throat. Cas’s fingers skated around behind Dean, and tugging his panties to the side, he slid two of his fingers into Dean. He was wet enough that it was an easy stretch and glide that felt
There was a body shop in town that Dean hoped could get their hands on the original tuxedo black and fit her in to be repainted before he had to go home. Worst case, he’d drive her as she was and get her painted in California, but he was itching for her to be perfect again. So he drove to the shop, and he lucked out. They told him it’d take a week for the right color to come in, and they booked him in a couple of days before he was scheduled to go home.
Sexy as hell, and Dean’s thoughts instantly focused on the slide of Cas’s tongue as he slickly slid it past Dean’s lips. Cas kissed him deep and filthy—exactly what Dean wanted. Both of Dean’s hands clenched in Cas’s shirt, afraid that if he let go Cas would pull away. Pinned between Cas and the wall was exactly where Dean wanted to be right then. The hard pressure of Cas all pushed up against him, and God, Cas was good at this. He sucked at Dean's tongue, nipped his bottom lip just hard enough to jolt pleasure straight to Dean's rapidly filling cock.
It wasn't that Cas wanted to die, exactly. He didn't. He’d seen enough gruesome death to know there wasn't any glory in dying. He simply no longer had much of a reason to work so damn hard at staying alive. The only person he cared about in the whole world was gone now, and he hadn't spoken to another human being since he'd set out from Rapid City a week or so ago. Not that he wanted to. Other people were dangerous. They either wanted something from you, wanted to kill you, or wanted to make you care about them so you'd feel like shit when they died, and Cas was done with that last one in particular.
Cas chuckled and Dean grinned at the rumble beneath his ear. This… this could actually be the start of something amazing.
Under his chin, Cas’s curled fingers pushed up until Dean met his gaze again. “Trust me, Dean, I want you just as much. In every way imaginable, I want you. There’s nothing to be shy about. I want to know everything you want, and I want to give it to you. I couldn’t be more completely yours. So trust that I love you too.”
“Aw, aren't you so brave, just marching right in here,” she said, eyes glittering with barely contained joy.
The smell of cigarette smoke doesn’t normally do anything for Dean. If it was anyone else he’d hate it, but it’s Cas, and somehow that makes it sexy. Puffs of greyish-white that float up between them as Dean crawls into his lap. Cas still isn’t looking at him, hasn’t moved an inch. Remote still clutched in one hand. The sound of the crappy cop show he was watching is low enough that Dean barely hears it, and he’s pretty sure Cas wasn’t actually paying attention to it anyway. It’s just part of how he unwinds after another shitty ass day at a job he hates. Dean knows better ways to release tension, so he settles with his legs on either side of Cas’s waist, draped over the arms of the seat. Beneath him Cas is just as hard as he is, but he’s always so good at pretending Dean doesn’t affect him.
at the time. So he gives in, and floats. Time keeps passing, but Dean's not really aware of it, mind gone blank, breaths slow and even.
Even then, he was a little cold with his wet hair, so he ended up back in bed underneath his blankets, pillows pushed out of the way, and his sketchbook in front of him, markers scattered around it. Really, he oughta eat before he had to leave but he was suddenly consumed with an idea that he had to sketch out.
“I’m fine,” he says for what feels like the hundredth time. Then he adds in an icy tone, “Stop asking.”
“Crap.” Dean stood up and took one of the plates and cans. “I could’ve at least helped bring this stuff out.”
Cas grunted his name sexy, gravelly, as his knot finally caught and locked them together. He ground forward against Dean and came shuddering into the condom, buried deep inside him.
didn’t remember Cas smelling this good, but then, he didn’t remember him looking so damn alpha either.
After a moment spent scrutinizing him, Dean shrugged and grabbed his beer. He took a long pull, familiar smirk that lifted the corners of his lips up around the bottle’s neck showed that he knew exactly how attractive he looked while he did it. Picturing Dean on his knees for him—what else he'd look good with between those perfect pink lips—was practically an involuntary reaction. He grabbed his own beer and chugged the rest of it before he wiped his greasy fingers with a napkin and relaxed back into the couch.
“Go wait on the bed, hands above your head. Hold onto the headboard if you need to. I'll be up shortly.”
Cas felt his eyes going wide, his lips parting, a memory snapping to the forefront of his mind. His brother's whiskey eyes, brows drawn down with determination.
The relative silence broke in a flash. A thin figure darted around the corner of the crossroads a block ahead of Cas and barrelled toward him. Cas didn't even think about it, his hands immediately flew to the quick release latch up top on the back of his backpack. In seconds he had his compound crossbow in his hands, flicking the safety off.
His thighs clamp together a little, he can't help the way his hips jerk up. Cas's gaze flicks impassively down to the straining bulge in Dean's jeans before he turns and walks over to the closet on the left side of the room.
Approaching footsteps caught his attention, and he looked up into Dean's face just as Dean's fingers touched his arm—his expression was soft, and his voice wry, “Guess it's a good thing I like sandwiches, then.”
Dean slipped a hand between them, and Cas's back arched instinctively with how good Dean's fingers felt wrapped around him. The steady-fast strokes of Dean's fist were coiling heat and pressure in Cas's groin, and he was so close. “Dean,” he panted, “I… I… ah,
There were too many people to figure out who it'd been, and no one was still watching but it left him ruffled and he had to make himself calm down again for long minutes before he unlocked his locker and got on with his day.
"Oh my God, Dean,” Jo groans, slumping against the fence beside him. “Just quit mooning, put us all out of your misery, and go the hell home already.”
It'd been love at first sight when Dean’d started giving Castiel lessons about car maintenance. There was something about working on vehicles that clicked in Castiel's brain. It was like a puzzle that he could solve and something solid that he could do with his hands at the same time.
by the way. You should see how he looks at you when you're not looking,” she said, then huffed a sigh of her own. “I know you're not gonna take my advice because you're a stubborn asshole—but please, for the love of everything, think about it?”
Once he was downstairs in the kitchen Dean cut himself a slice of bread, buttered it, and stuffed it in his mouth, finishing it in fast bites and washing it down with some water. If he didn't waste time eating a heartier breakfast he’d get out of his house fast enough to speak with Sam before he was needed at the guard tower.
A moment later his question was answered when a massive creature, all teeth and claws and bulging muscle rounded the same corner with a growling snarl that echoed off the buildings. Cas braced the stock against his shoulder and adjusted his hold on the foregrip.
Looking conflicted, Sam ran an hand through his hair and sighed with defeat. “Maybe? I can look at the lore and come up with something that
Despite what John obviously thought, she could still do things that she wanted to. So she’d out stubborned John, and they’d gone camping in the end.
“Dean, I need you.” He's on his back on the bed, one arm draped over his eyes. “I need you to fight him, and keep fighting. I know he's got you locked away in there, and I know it seems easier to stay down … but Dean Winchester, we both know you've never known when to quit in a fight. Don't start now. You fight him, and you
He rolled his hips forward into Dean's. A dirty grind of friction that set off sparks behind Dean's closed eyes. Harshly, Dean panted into Cas's mouth, and fuck, he wanted Cas. Wanted Cas to bend him over right here and fuck him. There had to be condoms here, right?
Dean’s answering grin is more of a grimace, “Like that’s gonna happen. Button your shirt up. I’ll give you five minutes to yourself. Calm down however you want.”
Castiel chews his bottom lip, considering. Does he hate Dean? He dislikes the way Dean’s been acting toward him, but it makes a stupid sort of sense given what Dean’s been keeping secret. Concentrating beyond the burning need in his blood, beyond his omega whining and begging for Dean’s alpha is incredibly difficult, but Castiel has plenty of practice reigning in his body.“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Ya don’t say.” Dean gave him another one of those once overs, like the one he’d given him at the library that made Cas go hot all over—and had much the same effect now. “I bet you’re better at one on one.”
After lingering a moment longer, irritation flares in Mr. Adler’s scent before he offers Castiel a tight-lipped smile. “I suppose I’ll let you get to work, then.”
Guilt caught up with him, too. Because Dean was probably still upset—he was probably beating himself up over something Cas’d just used to achieve one of the most spectacular orgasms of his life. Which was really saying something, because there was
Why was he being such a goddamn wuss about this? It was a letter for fuck’s sake. He covered his mouth with his palm because there was a sob on the precipice of breaking free and there was no damn way he was gonna let himself cry—not here. Eventually, the feeling faded enough that he let go of his face in favor of wrapping his arms around his waist.
For a bit it was quiet between them and Cas pressed a soft kiss to Dean's chest. “Are you okay? What Crowley said, what happened was a lot.”
"If I was spoiling you, I could think of better things than a drink and some shade," Cas said, then froze, the tips of his ears going red, pink spreading across his cheeks.
Dean’s eyes fluttered open, green and caramel and dark, dark pupil, wild with heat. “You can't... ah,  you don't
"Hello, Dean," he began, then promptly forgot his train of thought when a bead of sweat dripped down the line of Dean's throat and pooled in the hollow of collarbone exposed by his tugged loose shirt.
“Oh yeah, and what about your plans to spring Lucifer from his cage?” Dean lifted his chin defiantly. “You just gonna let us walk away from that.”
The memory of it was hazy, but he could just faintly remember Dean's stumbled words, voice quiet as he’d answered the question. His eyes had been focused on his desk and his hands had been balled into fists by his side. Cas’d had the impulse to wrap his own hands around them to help him calm down. Of course, he hadn't actually done it. There was no sense in bringing even more attention to Dean when he was already blushing under everyone's stares and besides—even in sixth grade Cas'd known he was supposed to be afraid of Dean.
He pictured Dean bent over, ass up and back arched. Maybe he’d have little dimples above his ass that Cas could dip his tongue into before he moved further down. He'd start off slow, little flicks and circles of his tongue over the tightly furled rim of Dean's hole. The heady taste of him would make Cas moan as he slowly sank his tongue inside. Dean'd echo him with a high whimper that'd sound all wrecked and needy. His thighs would tremble and he'd shiver with every deep push of Cas's tongue, every curl of it.
“Huh?” Dean turned and found Sam rushing toward him with a spherical bottle of glittering translucent orange potion.
He yanked his shirt over his head, flipped onto his back and peeled off pants that were far too-tight.
Things were still tense sometimes, so much left unspoken between them, but if they had any hope of getting better Dean couldn't lie to him. Sam still knew him well enough to read Dean's tells, minimal as they were.
Dean keeps his eyes closed and bites down on his bottom lip, not wanting to sound as pathetic as he feels. “I shouldn't’ve—”
Three stairs, and two more steps and he was at Cas’s front door, hand poised to knock when Cas swung the door open. “Now who’s eager?” Dean teased.
Ugh. Sam outright laughed at that and Dean glared at him with fake outrage, totally calm inside, but he knew this routine, “Haha. Laugh it up, jerk. You know who wore that shirt after me?”
It was the same basic idea with a few tweaks here and there, and it was perfect. He'd always planned to fill up both arms, he’d just been waiting on something meaningful. A tattoo couldn't get much more meaningful than this.
The slow steady beat and familiar vocals soothed his jagged edges until Dean pulled into a parking space at school. He let the end of the song play out before he finally cut the engine and sighed into the quiet. He glanced at himself in the rearview and his mouth twisted with self-disgust. Green eyes stared accusingly at him, and then he looked away.
“Okay,” Dean said, no hesitation. He might not have other plans for the future yet, but that? That he wanted.
Normally, Cas would’ve been itching to control the pace, to deepen it and turn it sharper, but he was trying to behave. He wanted to let Dean decide what he wanted. Slick and probing, Dean’s tongue slid along Cas's bottom lip before it slipped inside, familiar, hot. He tasted like peanut butter and jelly, and Cas let his hands drifted to Dean’s arm and the side of his neck, but he kept his touch light, just enjoying the way Dean kissed him like he was exploring.
“Then they're all stupid because it's true,” Cas said casually. How the hell Dean could ever look in the mirror and not know that he was telling the truth was baffling. Then again, maybe not if no one’d ever told him so. Cas's stomach clenched and he decided that one way or another, he'd prove it to Dean in time. “And it's unlikely that I'll stop telling you, so you should probably get used to it.”
Glancing up, Dean caught Cas’s eye as he returned, condom and lube in hand. He only held Dean’s gaze briefly before dropping his stare to Dean’s crotch. Chewing on his lip, Dean watched his reaction, the way his throat bobbed, and he slowed his approach, like he wanted to look at Dean for as long as possible before touching. That attention was liquid fire setting Dean ablaze with need.
The perfect curl of his fingers shuddered a shock of pleasure up Dean’s spine. “Holy fuck,” Dean gasped, eyes slamming tightly shut with how good it was.
“Yes, you asshole. Now tell me you love me too,” Dean demands, eyes narrowing, playful in spite of the way his heart is knocking rapidly against his ribs.
“Sorry.” He glanced at Dean and then back up at the ceiling. His stomach somersaulted a little, but he’d been thinking about this alot. “I… I was wondering if you wanted to maybe—if you’re not busy—” he wiped his hands on the thighs of his pants. Since when was he unable to string together a coherent damn sentence? “Friday night… I thought if you, you know, want to… you could come over and hangout. Watch a movie or something?”
He kept still in the shadows for a few moments planning his approach and then he slowly walked closer, keeping to the darkness as much as he could. The shadowlight remained oblivious, and Dean thanked his lucky stars, ’cause it looked like Sam’s potion was working.
The letters were on the kitchen table in between him and Sam, like an elephant in the room. Glass tumblers in front of both of them that’d already been topped up twice with Johnnie Walker. Dean’s stomach was warm with the alcohol, cheeks on fire. Miserable tension that no amount of drinking themselves stupid was gonna ease.
“Are you—” Cas didn’t get the chance to finish his question, Dean didn’t have an answer for it anyway.
“Good boy,” Cas praised and heat curled in Dean’s gut, a rush of slick he probably oughta be embarrassed over as Cas’s thumbs rubbed little circles into the cut of his hips, just above his pants.
Baby was probably just as tired as he was after following him around all day, and she loved Sam almost as much as she loved Dean. With what Dean could only translate as the dragon equivalent of a weary sigh she took to the air and flew down the path ahead of him.
“Hi, I'm Charlie and we're going to be bffs. It's not really optional,” she told him with a smirk. “Cas and I come as a set.”
Dean in his black tux and blue bow-tie because although he'd said he didn't care what Castiel chose for their wedding, he'd made an off-hand comment about blue like Castiel's eyes. The way Dean had looked at him during their vows, love and joy shining in his eyes, and in the curve of his lips. Lips that Castiel had tasted in short order, accompanied by raucous cheers.
He kicks off his flip flops, and grips his left bicep with his right hand as he watches Cas. Something about the way he hasn’t even looked away from the TV yet twists liquid hot arousal in Dean’s gut. Fully hard teenage fast, the ridge of his cock pushes obscenely at the zipper of his pants. Cas’s got his tie loose and his collar unbuttoned, sleeves rolled up in a way that show off his strong forearms. Powerful enough to wrap around Dean’s waist and hold him still while he pushes into him. Cas sighs, looks tired, and Dean snaps out of his staring. Squirms a little before he walks fully into the living room.
Cas doesn't waste any time, doesn't make him wait, he just yanks his underwear off and slicks himself up. Then he folds Dean up, tucking Dean's legs up over his elbows. He pushes right in, one long, thick slide and his hips are flush with Dean's ass.
Dean’s head drops back to the pillow and he watches as two of his fingers sink into Castiel, the skin stretching tight around him, clinging as he plunges them in and out. Twisting, curling until.…
With a sigh, he picked his way over the trash, Sam following behind him. “We’re gonna need cleaning supplies. Let’s take a quick look and figure out what exactly we’ll need to do.”
The second he hears Cas's footsteps creaking down the hall though, everything snaps back into crystal clear focus. Even at his hormonal peak, way before Cas ever looked at him twice, when they were just neighbors and Dean jerked off more than once a day to thoughts of him, he never imagined half of the shit him and Cas get up to.
“Stop waiting for the other shoe to drop, Dean,” Castiel tells him gently, voice scratchy. “We can make this work.”
“I'm gonna call it.” To Sam he said, “Stick with Jo. Cas and I are gonna go scout around. Retrieve his bolts if it's clear. Get Benny ready to go, and we'll get back to the ’cycles as soon as we're done. Might as well see if there's anything here worth taking while you're at it.”
In his chest, Dean’s heart flipped over. He’d hidden himself in a place no one would think to look for him and Cas had found him anyway. How the hell did he
Speaking of scents, Castiel takes a deep breath and melts into Dean a little more. Books and leather, and sunshine warmth blend perfectly with his own sweet scent. It’s like a bookstore with a bakery in it. The thought turns Castiel’s lips up in an uncharacteristically soft smile. He hopes he’ll get to smell it a lot more often.
An affectionately gruff voice from the entryway caught their attention, “Cool, huh? That what they’re callin’ being a dumbass these days?”
And then a gust of wind blew by and he realized with a shock of embarrassment that he was… totally buck ass naked.
Considering, Dean pushed out his lips and looked around again, “It's nice for a nerdy role play store, but where are like, the action figures and board games and stuff?” Cas’s white teeth dug into his bottom lip on a smile, corners of his lips and his shoulders twitching with repressed laughter. Dean faltered, “Plus the … uh, the sign said costumes and custom—”
Laying on the middle of the desk was an innocuous looking length of rope. Dean raised his eyebrows and crossed his arms. Whatever he'd expected, that definitely wasn't it.
“Yeah, well, I can’t just let it keep wandering around out there doing who knows what. I’ll be by to pick it up after I’m done with my shift,” Dean said, heading for the door. He glanced over his shoulder as he walked outside. “Thanks, Sammy.”
Dean's smile at her appeared involuntary, like it surprised him. They sat down and somehow Charlie and Dean started talking about Star Wars so Cas zoned out. He picked half-heartedly at the bag of Doritos he'd brought for lunch, not really hungry for food. At least it served as a very mild distraction from his more carnal hunger.
Cas carefully read through the list, asking Dean to clarify a few of his notes, and borrowing Dean’s pen from the coffee table to write in his answers. In the end, Cas smiled at him, and Dean’s stomach flipped over at the warmth in his expression. “You did good, Dean. This is very thorough. Can I keep it? I’ll use it to help guide the scenes I plan for us.”
Crowley smiled. “So, you’ve got the fiery death part obviously, and the whole rebirth through fire. Other than that, not much, oh, except the lovely fact that your tears can heal. Great wounds, too, so I’m told.” Dean’s brows rose. Interesting. “It can be difficult to control a phoenix’s power, however. Especially when they’re young. So… again… if you’d like, I can take the power for you. Leave you as the fire elemental you were meant to be.”
“Morning,” he said, trying not to stare too blatantly at all the toned tan muscle now on display. “Sleep well?”
“I—yes,” he replied loud enough for Dean to hear through the door, abandoning the kitchen in order to let Dean in.
and every bit of Dean's behavior for the last several months clicks into place—all of the fussing, the trying too hard.
In the kitchen Cas found a busted out window over the sink, the back door boarded up. He set himself up at the window and loaded his crossbow.
Morning sunlight through the sheer yellowed curtains of his bedroom window woke Dean. He inhaled through his nose and pressed his face further into the pillow that his cheek was smushed against. Cas’s spicy scent still clung to the pillowcase. To the room. Their lingering scents enticingly meshed in a way that made Dean push his hips down into the mattress and rut lazily. His lips tugged down when he realized that if he hadn’t sent Cas home last night, he probably could’ve been mid-round-two right about then.
Moments later he was back with a glass of ice cold water, a blue and white striped bendy straw plunked in it. Cas held it for him until he'd drained the whole thing, and then they wound up wrapped in each other, underneath the blanket. Dean on Cas's chest again while Cas ordered pizza and chose a movie on demand.
Suddenly, Castiel pulls away, and Dean’s confused for all of a moment before Castiel lays down beside him, and pulls Dean on top of him, kisses him deep and hard—possessive.
“No,” Dean's eyes fly open, focusing quickly on the concern in Cas's blue eyes. “No, I want you to fuck me like you planned. Just got overwhelmed’s all. I'm good now.”
Once he's cleared the plates, he tells Cas to go grab a sweater, and then he ducks into the downstairs bathroom and brushes his teeth before he grabs the present he got Cas from the very back of the top shelf in the pantry and tucks it into the inside pocket of the leather jacket hanging on the hook by the front door.
The way Cas was looking at him right then, so warm and soft, had flutters starting up in Dean’s chest. He forced himself to glance away toward the shelves behind Cas to calm down, “So … wanna show me around?”
He blinks his eyes open and Cas is watching his face intently, his lips shiny and parted, tension around his eyes as he holds himself back.
Dean landed hard on his feet, watching as blue fire consume her until she was nothing but ash and he still couldn't stop.
Cas was so absorbed in the curve of Dean’s hip, the contrast between the material and his pale thigh that he actually startled when Dean stood up. Cas’s gaze flew from where it was upward, snagging briefly on the impressive bulge in the front of those skin tight shorts, then settled on Dean’s face. The grin Dean shot him was positively feral, and Cas undeniably felt like prey. His heart hammered in his chest, and despite the blessed A/C, he was overheating. And he should definitely have changed out of the dress clothes he’d worn to breakfast with his college friends this morning. He’d already shed his jacket, and it clearly hadn’t been enough.
A girl no older than Sam with long brown hair and big brown eyes walked out of the shadows along the far wall with her hand on Sam's arm as she dragged him along. He looked a little banged up but okay. Sam's eyes focused fearfully on Dean. Rage sang along every nerve ending Dean had but it didn't matter because he couldn't touch his power.
The next day, the cafeteria was crowded with the usual people when Cas made his way over to Dean's table, Charlie in tow. His exhaustion was already starting to wear on him, but a bit of adrenaline went a long way. Back at their table, Gabe was doing his best to distract Meg from staring murder at them by apparently annoying her to death, and Cas was actually pretty grateful to him. Dean didn't need more attention than absolutely necessary for this. He already looked nervous, eyes down on his lunch until they sat down.
The timid little smile Dean gave back to Cas was involuntary. He was caught up in those blue eyes, and still hazy with warmth from that kiss. He bit his lip and said, “Still, I hurt you, Cas. And I can't take that back—”
The words are barely out of Dean's mouth before Cas pulls him into a kiss, and it's deep, and it's full of so much love that Dean melts into it.
in a comment on this fic. It so perfectly fit the story that I cried like a baby, and then stayed up until 4:30 a.m. writing this timestamp because feelings. Lol.
He crested with a blazing rush of pleasure, writhing beneath Dean, shaking. Dean's hips faltered, ground deep into him, and he moaned with his face buried in Cas's shoulder.
Cas felt his face burn. For a man who wrote erotica for a living, he was the worst at this in real life. He probably shouldn't be allowed around actual humans. He ought to go live in an isolated castle in the Highlands of Scotland and never again speak to another soul because this was abject torture and… "I… I'll just make the drinks, you, uh. Go ahead and wait in the living room."
with anyone. All he'd bring someone was heartache and suffering. A lifetime of walking on eggshells and waiting for the other shoe to drop. Who wanted to worry that an argument with their soulmate could result in potential damage to their stuff, or worse: unintended injuries.
Startled, Dean blinked, but did as he was told. “I’m sorry,” he said as he reclined a little against the wall. “I never should’ve lost control of my power like that. I’ll stay away from you, okay?”
Maybe things won’t always be this easy, there’s still a lot to figure out; making long distance work, telling Dean’s parents at some point, but he wholeheartedly believes what he’d told Cas. As long as Cas wants him around—this is where Dean wants to be. He loves Cas, and he knows that what they have is special. It’s worth dealing with everything that’ll come along with it because
There was no way he could pretend anymore that he didn’t feel this big, all-encompassing pull toward Dean. He wanted Dean more than he’d ever wanted anything in his entire life, and that might be a little frightening, but much, much more frightening was the idea of losing Dean before they ever really got started.
“Hey,” he says, and Castiel looks down at him, chin tucked, right hand gripping his left forearm, “we don’t have to do this. You can just go back to your room and we can pretend none ‘a this happened.”
Sam must've caught the interest behind Dean's words. His eyes rolled upward, probably praying for patience. As if anyone was listening any more. If they ever had.
Reassuringly, Cas laced their fingers together and pulled Dean onto his lap, then kissed him filthy and carnal, cranking Dean’s arousal even higher with just the skilled press of his lips, his tongue, and soft nips of his teeth. Normally Dean would’ve rested his arms on his lover's shoulders, would’ve been pushing and grinding, seeking more, but right now he let himself focus on what Cas was giving him. Every scrape of teeth, the way Cas sucked at his lips, was so much hotter for it.
Blue flames had danced shadows across Dad's face as he'd coughed in the smoke, coaxed Dean forward even though he was too scared to walk through the flames. Afraid he'd get burned.
Quietly, he sank into the seat next to Sam and kept his head down, hoping they'd all keep their questions and advice or whatever to themselves if he didn't look up but no such luck. His mom cleared her voice and Dean suppressed a sigh. He glanced up at her and almost sighed again at the huge smile on her face.
It’s wet, and it’s messy, and Castiel makes it so fucking good, that Dean’s a wreck in no time. Suction and pressure and the smooth glide of those dark pink lips. Castiel’s vibrant blue eyes blazing up at him, and then they close in concentration as he speeds up. Feels so fucking good that Dean’s hips twitch with restraint and he wants to fuck up into all that wet soft heat, but he holds back. Castiel will get him there.
to take my time with you. And all I see when I look at you is this hot guy that I like a lot for some reason. Even if he’s stubborn.”
Oh, and the calendar he’d made up of artistic shots of Baby. Yeah, okay, he’d made a calendar of photos of his car, he’s that kinda guy, whatever.
There was a possibility, Mary thought, leaning back against a nearby tree and closing her eyes while she caught her breath—a
His jacket gets thrown off the bed, followed by his t-shirt and socks, then he struggles out of his jeans and he almost forgot about what he was wearing under them until Cas stops him with fingers locked around his wrists.
They wound up in Dean's room, laying in his bed, under the covers in just their boxers. The steady thumping of Dean's heartbeat under his ear, the heavy warmth of Dean's arms around him, breathed relief into Cas's lungs. Fear still clung to the edges of his mind, so he pressed in closer and held on to Dean tighter.
Suddenly alone, Dean turned to Cas with an overly cocky smile to cover up how nervous he was. “I … um, I was over at the body shop, getting an appointment for Baby, and I figured I would drop in on you. Sam texted me the address.”
Cas reiterates, voice commanding enough that Dean scrambles to get his seat belt undone. “Your actual present is at home, but there's something I want to give you right now.”
“It's infused with mountain ash berry and iron dust, plus I enchanted it with a spell I found buried in a shadowlight story,” Sam replied, drumming his fingers on the edge of his desk.
Heat surged in Dean’s gut, his voice was a little rough when he replied, “Okay. Yeah, you can look.”
Fuck, he was so big, was filling Dean up so full already. He was so close too, but he had to wait. Cas’d said so. His eyes squeezed shut as he concentrated on not coming when every bit of him was screaming for release.
Dean was sure he’d be fine, but a selfish part of him wanted Cas to stay anyway. “That’s okay with me.”
He walks into the room, green eyes barely open, hair all disheveled, flannel rumpled. Even after all these years, Dean still takes his breath away with how gorgeous he is.
Warmth suffuses Cas's chest, and he can't resist kissing Dean one more time, slow and deep, with so many emotions coiling in his chest, the gold of his ring scraping over Dean's stubble. “Ugh,” he mumbles, leaning away so that he can look into Dean's eyes. “You better go before I drag you right back upstairs.”
Dean laughs into the kiss, and leans back, loving the sparkle in Cas's eyes, the affection. Hell, “Love you too.”
“Oh, you got it bad,” Charlie declared as she dropped into the chair Dean had just vacated. “I mean, I knew you had it bad when you started ditching us to hang out with him, but you're taking this whole lovesick puppy thing to a whole new level, dude.”
The door to Dean's cabin had hardly been closed before he was on Cas, mouth hot on his. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's broad shoulders, pressed himself close. He could feel Dean's heart beating fast against his chest, and his lungs constricted so he could hardly breathe with how wrong this all could've gone. How alone he could be right now.
“Same logic, Dean: If I’d been normal instead of an incubus, I never would’ve made you lose it. Your first kiss would’ve been sweet instead of overwhelming.” Cas replied, and Dean frowned, ‘cause, okay, that was technically true… maybe… but it didn’t absolve him or anything.
One little word and the kid grinned ear to ear, his mother smiling gratefully at Dean. Giving her a polite nod, he continued on his way to Sam's. Here and there a few people greeted him as he went. Most of them Dean knew by name; Shepherd's Bend was a small enough village, and the longer Dean was stationed there, the more he came to know its occupants.
Though everyone asked how they were doing no one really had much to say about their dad. Dean had expected that, but it still felt kind of weird and a little sad. It made him realize how isolated his dad was. He didn't have much time to dwell on that thought before Ellen Harvelle wrapped her arms around him in a hug. He was pretty sure he was filling his yearly quota in a single day. That was a little unsettling.
Right about the time that Castiel starts grinding down on him, Dean distantly wonders if once is gonna be enough. He’s distracted from that thought though, because Castiel reaches down between them and tugs at his towel until it falls away. Dean breaks the kiss to look at him, and it’s like a sucker punch to the gut, how hot the picture they make is. Castiel is beautiful, hard long line of naked skin, a flush that spreads down his chest, his cock full and thick and jutting out proudly. He’s draped over Dean, the contrast of Castiel’s tan thighs over Dean’s sweatpants makes it even more of a turn on.
“They won't hurt you, Dean. I promise,” Dad had told him, voice strong and so sure that Dean had believed him. “They're yours buddy, they can't.”
Slowly, Cas’s hands slid up Dean’s bare thighs, his fingertips brushing over the lace, sliding slowly up to frame Dean’s cock. “You look so pretty, baby. Can’t wait to get my mouth on you. Think pink’s your color, Dean. Goes with the cute way you blush so sweetly for me.”
Shepherd's Bend was the closest village to the mountain range that separated Laurellia from Stormridge, on the only navigable pass, and for the first few months of the peace treaty, the area had been swarming with guards, but as the peace wore on most had been recalled. Dean and the guards under him remained, forming the garrison at Shepherd's Bend.
pick something with Cas right there. Then again, lust heated up low in his belly when he pictured it, so maybe he could.
“Dude!” Charlie's fist as it slammed into the meat of his bicep wasn't entirely unexpected. It still fucking hurt though. He scowled at her as he rubbed where she'd landed her punch. “You knew for months and you never told me! The hell, Cas?”
Too soon, Cas pulls away. “Do you know what I thought about the entire time I was gone? Every night when I was lying in my dorm room twin-size bed, wrapped up in whatever hoodie I swiped from your floor on my last visit, and missing you?”
He picked up a soft faux fur teal throw from the end table on the far side of the couch, and draped it over Dean. Sweetly, Cas bent forward and kissed his forehead. “You did so good, Dean. Such a good boy for me. I'm proud of you, baby. Did exactly what I asked you to.”
Even so, when lunchtime arrived he still didn’t think he could face Cas. He wasn’t really hungry either, so he hid out in the gym behind a stack of mats. Tucked away back there, no one was gonna bother him and he could mediate a little in peace.
One turned into two, turned into a weekend spent bingeing, turned into staying in all week after work to soak up every single word. And shit. Cas was kinky. Or he had some extremely kinky fantasies anyway. Dean felt a little awkward jerking off to books Cas didn't know he was reading, but he didn't have a whole lot of shame when it came to jerk off fodder. Most of the people he'd thought of over the years had been people he'd never gotten the chance to bang, so… he figured this wasn't so different. It was a little harmless entertainment, and if he got an extra little thrill because Cas had typed this out with those long, elegant fingers, well… Dean brushed it off.
The elevator takes him to the main floor of the building, and like he’d been told, Mr. Adler’s there to greet him, and show him to his new desk. He gets the nickel tour and by the end of it Dean’s already sure he’s not gonna like Mr. Adler. The guy’s a dick. Uses his status and his scent to demean anyone he thinks is lower in the pecking order than him.
He sniffs himself carefully to check for any trace of his alpha scent clinging to him. He doesn’t find any thanks to the blocker he’d put on before leaving the house, but just in case he spritzes on a bit of neutralizer and then follows it up with a couple light dabs of cologne before stuffing both bottles into his brown leather messenger bag.
Let alone when you brought Cas’s perpetual five o’clock shadow and pink lips and intense blue eyes into the mix. Also. His muscular biceps, because yeah … they were out full force, straining against the sleeves of his shirt. There wasn’t really a way for Dean to recover gracefully from his staring. He blinked and noticed that Cas seemed just as struck silent as him.
Cas's burst of laughter made Dean grin wider. He loved being the cause of it. “Not so much a performance evaluation as ensuring you enjoyed everything.”
At first, Dean’d thought about telling Castiel exactly why he couldn’t stop offering him meals and coffee, why he was bending over backwards to get Castiel to drop the prickly pear routine, but the more time they’d spent together the more apparent it became that Castiel just really hates his guts.
“And you tried to convince me you were boring,” Cas scoffed. Dean pressed into it as Cas’s fingers ran through his hair, massaging his scalp. “We could do this and then watch a Tremors marathon every week with takeout and I’d call it a fantastic date.”
Dean followed him into the back, careful to keep his hands to himself, and away from the items scattered around Sam's workbench. The little bubbling cauldron there especially.
“Oh. Just lemme wash my hands,” Dean said, pleased. A thorough hand wash later, Dean reached out and took the offered bottle. “Thanks.”
Right. Yeah. Dean could… he knew how to get where he wanted to go from here. Cas’s gaze was heavy and hot as Dean rose and sauntered toward him. Biting his lip, Dean sank down to his knees between Cas’s parted thighs, running his hands up them, a firm caress that made Cas’s breath hitch. “Like this?”
“Good boy,” he crooned as he tucked Dean’s hard, precome wet cock down between the edges of the cushions. Leather a cold, smooth contrast to his heated flesh. “I want you to fuck the couch for me.” Dean's stomach clenched as his cheeks burned. “You look so fucking good like this Dean, ass all pink and sexy. Fuck, you make me so hard. I wanna see how good you look when you get off with nothing but those leather cushions against your cock. Can you do that for me?”
Preternaturally bright green eyes are focused intently on him. Dean's flushed cheeks and parted lips show his surprise, and all of Castiel's thoughts clamor for attention at once, but he can't focus on
Words stop existing, or Dean can’t remember how to say them, because his voice cuts out into a moan that’s half Cas’s name, half plea.
Dean had never hated being an omega—in and of itself, he liked it just fine—it was the way some people perceived it that was Dean’s problem. So he shored up his defenses and squared his shoulders, because if there was one thing Dean knew how to do and do it well: it was pretend that he was fine when the world shifted beneath his feet.
to kill him, that was all, Cas reasoned, cock throbbing with need. He smoothly slid his hand down Dean’s chest, past his belly button and wrapped his fingers around Dean’s cock, slippery with precome and
Sliding into Castiel is easy, hot, snug, and Dean damn near comes the second he’s inside of him. He keeps himself still, eyes closed in ecstacy and it’s not until Castiel grabs onto the tail ends of Dean’s tie and pulls him in for a kiss that Dean starts to move. Slow deep grinding rolls of his hips while he sucks on Castiel’s bottom lip, scores it with his teeth, and then licks into his mouth ‘cause he can’t get over how good Castiel tastes, how damn good he feels.
And that was true enough.“Look, you're new. You don't know the area, and you're soaked. We have a camp. A pretty big group of survivors. It's not much, but it beats bein' out here when it's dark.” Everyone knew the nocturnal animals had mutated into to the most clever. They were vicious too. “And maybe we could get you out of those wet clothes…” Dean let that hang a moment, just enough that if Cas wanted to read into it he could. “And into some dry ones. We have a stockpile. More 'n enough to go around.”
Dean's heart flutters fast in his chest, his senses consumed with the sweet toasted pecan scent and caramel taste of Castiel, the feeling of Castiel's hands in his hair, running over his neck, his shoulders.
They stayed pressed together, quietly enjoying the satisfaction of their orgasms, and each other’s comforting presence for quite some time. Of course, Cas never did know when to leave well enough alone. Exhaustion pressed in on him, and he yawned. “Do you want me to stay?”
“Dude, I know, okay? But there's only so much suffering I can watch you face before I snap. And I like Dean, who
His words shivered a surge of warmth through Dean, heated his cooling skin back up. “Thank you, sir.”
“I … yeah. I'm … uh, I'm going,” he takes a quick look at Cas, suit all rumpled, lips all swollen and pink, and barely holds back a whimper that tries to escape him. He looks so damn
Ten years of being married to Dean has left Cas well prepared for how things run around here, and how busy Dean will be today despite the importance of the date.
“What?” Dean asked, glancing over and meeting Cas's eyes, a faint pink stain of a blush on his cheeks. Cas raised an eyebrow, and Dean rolled his eyes. “You keep staring, dude. Did I get something on my face?”
Dean drops his messenger bag on the desk and looks around, already planning out the things he’ll add to make it feel less clinical and more him. The photo his mom’d taken of him, Sam, and their dad at Sam’s graduation. One of Sam and his mate, Jess, at the official celebration of their mating, both dressed up and grinning adorably, sporting matching bite marks on their necks.
Dean just barely schools his expression when Castiel walks out a minute later, cheeks flushed, hair a damn mess. Blue eyes knowing and bright with mischief and satisfaction. He’s got his backpack slung over his shoulder, and that perpetual smirk on his face that makes Dean want to wipe it off his lips. Or maybe slide his dick past them. Either way, Cas now knows the effect he’s having and Dean hates it.
Grumbling something under his breath, Sam started walking away, and Dean scowled at Cas. “I don't know what you're doin’ here,” he muttered, “but it ain't good, and you're gonna tell me everything.”
Humming, Castiel tilts his chin a little toward Dean, and gets another kiss. “She does it on purpose,” Castiel complains, eyes opening to focus on Dean's, forcing his expression into a scowl instead of the grin he really wants to give Dean. “When she knows you're coming to collect me.”
Up his sides, Cas's hands slide, inside his jacket, but over his t-shirt. Who knew one damn layer could be so fucking infuriating. He's gonna goddamn burn this shirt after tonight.
“I know that people aren't really your strong suit…” Cas trailed off, still unsure of how to approach this. “And you can say no—”
“No.” He grabbed the hem of his borrowed t-shirt and pulled it off inside out. It hit the floor in front of him and he stepped over it. “Your turn.”
“I told you I came to Sioux Falls on my way to explore what was left of the world, but that wasn't really true. I told myself it was, but really I was just looking for a way out. When Hannah got sick, she never stopped believing she'd get better.
He couldn’t be trusted to have friends—or at the very least, he didn’t trust himself enough around other people to even consider making one. As far as Dean was concerned, no one else should trust him either. As much time as he spent wishing he was normal, the fact was, he never would be. He just wished his family would get that too. Maybe then they'd let go of any pipedreams they had that someday he'd be just like everyone else.
This was going to break him when he had to let Dean go, without a doubt. But, God, he’d been in love with Dean for so long. There was just no chance he could walk away now. Even if it was temporary. Even if he didn’t get Dean’s heart in the bargain—he’d take what he could get. Wasn't something better than nothing?
So now there are two new chapters of this verse. The fluff, yet again took me by surprise, but I hope you enjoy it. <3
There's a dirty smile on Cas's lips when he leans in close, the stubble on his cheek scraping against Dean's. He doesn't talk, just lets his hot damp breath tickle in Dean's ear as he guides Dean's palm from his hip back around to his ass, into the crack and down until his fingertips brush smooth silicone.
Biting his lip, Castiel sets the book down and leans backward in the plush overstuffed chair he's curled up in, head tilting until it rests against the seatback, eyes drifting shut.
someone to stick around before. His life hadn't exactly involved a standard childhood and he didn't have any role models to look up to.
Yeah, no shit you do. What the hell are you thinking, Sam? I kept Cas out of this for a reason! I can't watch Michael kill him. I can't watch him die again. Okay, Sam? I
A solid thump to the back of Dean's left boot caused his purposeful stride to falter and he stumbled a few steps forward, then came to a stop. Rolling his eyes at himself ’cause he should’ve known by now to expect as much, he turned around with his gloved hands on his hips.
“Stand up,” Cas ordered him. On shaky knees, Dean did. Efficiently, Cas stripped off Dean’s jeans, left him wearing nothing but panties, pretty and pink, and stained dark in the front with precome. Heat crept over Dean’s cheeks, down his neck and chest.
Summer faded into fall, the leaves changed and the air cooled. Cas loved autumn, the crisp freshness in the chilly air was one of his favorite scents. Dean still asked him to stay each night. Cas wasn’t entirely sure if Dean really expected him to leave, but he also didn’t want to take for granted that Dean truly wanted him to stay. So each night, Cas felt like he held his breath waiting for Dean to ask, and Dean seemed to hold his breath waiting for the answer.
“Mmm,” Dean shifted back a little closer to Cas, then hissed at the scrape of pubic hair over his sensitive skin, and the drag of Cas’s knot. Cas dropped a kiss in his hair. “That was … fuckin’ awesome.”
Obediently, he reaches down and wraps his hand around Castiel’s cock, enough give in the soft skin there, that it slides smoothly over his hardness while Dean drags his fist down and back up again. Castiel lets out this soft puff of breath, as he watches his cock in Dean’s hand. His hips roll up into it, encouraging Dean to go faster, and he does. He wants to see Castiel fall apart like this.
Cas was the first to arrive, of course he was. As a kid he’d been punctual to a fault. Had he ever been late for anything in his life? He somehow looked even better than he had this morning. That was just cruel. His hair had been tamed, and his snug navy blue pants matched the waistcoat he was wearing over a pale blue button up. Pretty much all of that conspired and made his eyes seem even brighter. Like Dean said, cruel.
“Don’t get your knickers in a twist. I’m perfectly happy the way things are. Like I said, it passes the time. I fully enjoy myself,” Balthazar said with a cocky smile on his face. “Sometimes several times a night.”
Skin slapped against skin, their moans rose in pitch and he could feel Cas’s heart racing against his back, could feel sweat dripping from Cas’s forehead onto the shoulder he rested his head on. Dean’s thighs trembled with effort as he bucked back into Cas’s thrusts, body tingling and euphoric every time Cas hit that perfect spot, shaking.
you properly yet. And we both know you're not going to come at least until I'm buried inside that tight ass, blowing my load in you.”
“I can explain,” he said quickly, and her eyebrows rose in challenge. “He's… Dean's sort of… fragile in a way. He's so strong, don't get me wrong. He's amazing, but he's got a lot of issues with self-worth and I can tell he's still afraid of hurting me.”
He hasn't even acknowledged Dean yet, and it just cranks up Dean's arousal. Which should honestly be impossible, but he's stopped questioning that sort of thing when it comes to Cas and the things he makes Dean feel.
Brow furrowing, Sam frowned and ran his fingers over the rope. “I can't guarantee it'll work, but that's why I added in the iron dust. If the enchantment and mountain ash berry don't bind it's powers, the iron’ll get it to take off. It's a feature in all the myths I found. Seems like a pretty safe bet that that part’s true, at least.”
Unsure of what exactly he oughta be feeling, Dean just wrinkled his nose. Crowley’s explanation felt weirdly right to him, like he knew it was the truth. The power in his chest hummed with the knowledge of it. So he was a phoenix. How was that supposed to make him feel? Was he any less dangerous now that he knew?
And that was how Cas found himself waiting at Dean's locker before the last bell of the day rang. He'd already ditched his class after lunch, so he figured what was one more and ditched the next one too in order to make sure he caught Dean before he left. The bell sounded out and Cas released a slow breath, weirdly nervous about how this was going to go.
“Nah.” Dean shook his head as he crammed his stuff quickly into his bag. “My parents are already pissed that I missed so much.”
Dark wild hair, inquisitive blue eyes, and a slight frown on his wide pink lips that Dean wants desperately to kiss away. Stubble for goddamn days and a toned body that’s obvious even under the black suit and grey button down he’s wearing.
“Easy to please, ain’t ya?” Dean grinned and brought the mugs over to the bed. “What’ll coffee get me?”
The sensation of something warm and heavy draped half over his back woke Dean up gradually. It took his brain a minute to place what he was feeling—Cas was still asleep, head tucked against the side of Dean’s neck, his lips parted against the bare skin of Dean's shoulder. Even hot damp breaths puffed against Dean's skin, causing him to shiver.
Cas's hand cupped the weight of his balls before it slid further forward between Dean's legs. “Yeah, fuck, I can—” Cas's fingers curled around the base of Dean's dick, “Yes, sir, God, anything, Cas.”
He bites his lip, remembering the disbelief, surprise, and joy on Cas’s face when Dean’d brought him here the first time, finally home from university for good.
Sam’s hand ran through his hair, shaky. A physical sign of his nervousness to go along with the sour scent of anxiety permeating the air. He tapped his fingers on the letter addressed to him. “One more drink?”
Somehow he pulls together enough brain cells to get them on their sides, the messy blanket out from beneath them, and the clean sheet under it pulled up over their bodies before he passes out, still buried inside of Castiel, one arm curled around his waist and his nose in Castiel’s hair.
Every crack of leather forced out grunts that Dean couldn’t hold back. He was lost in sensation, whole body humming. Long seconds—minutes?—passed where Dean’s mind went blissfully blank, pain and pleasure mingling in an intoxicating cocktail that left him breathless.
Cas's hand on his hip pushed him up the bed a little, making more space so that he could kneel up behind Dean. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, baby. Promise I'll fuck you hard now—but you need to hold on for me. I want you to wait until I come first, then I'll give you permission and you can come all over the sheets for me. Can you do that, Dean?”
The funeral home was just depressing. Dean figured they probably all were, with their overly manicured bushes and meticulously organized too-bright flowers. The scent of odor neutralizer thick in the air to cover up the smell of too much grief packed into small rooms. As if they were trying way too hard to seem like they weren't one of the crappiest places on earth to have to be.
“Yeah, I … fuck, Cas. I've been good.” Dean arches into Cas's palms, and fuck, it's gotta be close to time now.
blows me away every chapter with her art. T.T She always gets the scene so perfect, and this is no exception. <3
particularly moronic to you? I’m only here to give you some more information, and if perchance, you want to be free of your
Dean was playing him, but he still gripped the edge of the couch and leaned forward to see what he was about to do. What he was about to do, it turned out, was bend right over and look for something in the grass. Cas suspected there was absolutely nothing for him to actually find—and then he stopped paying attention to Dean’s goal, because that ass… that ass deserved sonnets, poems, songs even, which Cas was certainly not qualified to write. And—
Cas tuned her out, gaze on the stuff that Dean had left just sitting there. He didn't even get a chance to really notice what it was before a hand smacked the back of his head.
“Good.” Cas’s voice was warm with satisfaction and Dean opened his eyes again to look at him, to see that affection aimed at him. “Like I said, my powers come in handy. Benefit of being an incubus means I can do pretty much anything to enhance sex when I want to, though I rarely do.” Cas smirked at him, so sexy Dean bit back a groan. “I prefer to take my partner apart without any tricks. To know it’s
It was eerie in the dark, with just a flashlight that she’d grabbed on her way out of their tent to light the way. Clouds that were thick in the sky above meant no moon or stars brightened up the path. Twigs snapped to her left, and Mary spun to face the noise, fist bunched at her side and ready to defend herself but nothing happened. She stared into the woods for a minute, flashlight barely making a dent in the shadows and then she sighed in relief.
Sure, Dean’d done it on the first day, but Castiel’d assumed that he was just covering up nerves or something about making such a big career move. Not that Castiel gives a damn about Dean’s scent. He doesn’t. He hasn't imagined what he might smell like either. He just hates being treated with kid gloves. Or worse, being
They both headed for the stairs while Dean stood, kinda dumbfounded in the doorway. “Guess I’ll just wait here, then,” he mumbled to himself.
He might have caved to his parents pressure. He'd still be a prince. An unhappy, miserable puppet living a boring life in a castle he’s never liked.
Cas’s fingertips nudged him, and Dean lifted his arms up to let Cas drag his shirt over his head. Seconds later he discarded it on the floor, his hands back on Dean’s bare skin, instantly demanding his attention as one slid down his chest, the other to the small of his back. Lower and lower, the hand on his front drifted past his belt, found the hard outline of his cock beneath his soft jeans. Cas teasingly squeezed him through the material and Dean’s hips rolled into it, desperate for friction.
Dean grimaced involuntarily and Bobby was only the second person to ask him that. Thankfully Cas cut in.
Before Cas even made it up the drive, Dean was at the door. He didn’t have the patience to wait for Cas to knock, so he opened his door and leaned against the frame. God, Cas was hot in the warm afternoon sunlight—blue eyes clear and bright, still in that sexy as fuck outfit he’d been wearing earlier, the strap of a black leather messenger bag slung across his broad chest. A little smile tugged up the corners of Cas’s lips as he climbed the steps, crinkles at the corners of his eyes showed he was amused that Dean couldn’t wait inside for him.
For the rest of the drive, Sam was silent which suited Dean just fine. He didn't like that Sam was sulking, but he wasn't about to keep rehashing the same shitty set of facts with him for the millionth time.
He stuck his tongue out at her and Dean’s gaze immediately fell to the pink flash of his tongue as it swiped over his lip ring on the way back in. Dean's cheeks burned bright red and he quickly turned back to his locker. Quietly, he slapped his palm onto the cool surface and started his morning ritual again, this time quite a bit less calmly.
Now that he understands Dean’s motivations, he finds he doesn’t dislike the way Dean’s been acting. After all, he’d tried so hard to keep himself from unfairly influencing Castiel with his scent, and meanwhile he’d been fighting off his own response to Castiel’s.
They stayed that way for a long time, Cas trembling, clutching Dean to his chest, Dean's arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders.
“I guess not,” Dean mumbled, eyes dropping and cheeks still hot as Castiel’s thumbs stroked over the inside of his wrists.
He walked into the kitchen and found Dad at the stove, spatula in hand and a smirk on his face as he glanced up at Dean.
The sounds Dean was making—hot, filthy, little sounds—picked up in volume and force, and Cas couldn’t see it, but he could picture just how it would look; Dean with his hand around his thick, perfect cock, Cas fucking into his tight round ass. And then Dean was tensing around him, groaning muffled and low; a raw moan that could’ve been Cas’s name, and that was… that was—
Trembling, Dean's not much help as Cas peels his panties off. His stomach swoops, lust spiking as Cas manhandles him over onto his hands and knees.
With a kiss that stole what little breath Dean had left, Cas pushed him back down on the mattress. He sucked at Dean’s bottom lip until it was sensitive, swollen, then he brushed the tip of his tongue along it and made Dean gasp.
It was weird. Usually he didn't have any trouble sealing the deal, with Dean though, he didn't wanna rush it. He couldn't. He'd be fine. Hopefully.
Theatrically, Dean rolled his eyes, but he smiled and pressed their lips together.  Then he let his head drop back onto the cushion. His gaze lingered on Cas’s face though—this cautious optimism etched in green, and Cas really wanted to erase the caution in there.
The one thing Dean’s not willing to do is knock off the scent blockers at work, because that’d be all kinds of wrong. Castiel’s made his position on Dean clear and Dean’s not gonna try and alter it with biology. He just … he’s at a loss here. He can’t stop thinking about Castiel, can’t stop wanting him.
They made another quick stop by the hardware store and lucked out on a shoulder strap for Sam. Then they took Cas to the motorcycles. Crotch rockets that Dean would've been embarrassed to ride a year ago, but now they offered the best maneuverability, and if they ran into monsters, they'd need that asset. He looked back at Cas. This was gonna be fun.
Cas got through his shower as quickly as he could, and dressed in a pair of blue plaid pajama pants and a dark grey Henley. He gathered the clothes up from the floor, and let Dean know he’d be right back.
He’d be happy to come like this, it might take him a bit, but he’s pretty worked up, it’s possible he could blow his load in his underwear with Castiel grinding down on him, his hands in Dean’s hair, sliding over his jaw, sucking on Dean’s tongue in a hot as fuck preview of what else he could be using that perfect mouth for.
Dean counted backwards from ten, took slow deep breaths and focused on staying calm. Sam wasn't trying to upset him. Sam was just being Sam. It wasn't his fault that he was annoyingly persistent and continually looking for the bright side of things.
“Cas, please. Need you,” Dean begged, voice wrecked. There was no room for shyness or shame because his whole existence was focused on how badly he needed Cas.
“God, you’re hot in my clothes. So hard to keep my hands off you earlier,” Dean groaned. Pride over Dean’s approval rushed almost dizzyingly through him.
At school his best defense was always to draw as little attention to himself as possible, and his last growth spurt had left him taller than a lot of his classmates. He was slowly bulking out a little to fit his frame, but he was generally uncomfortable with how big he felt. He wasn't a fan of how he blended a little less easily into the background nowadays.
Everything was hazy when he opened his eyes. He blinked to clear his vision. How—was he… was he alive? Suddenly, the only thing filling up his field of vision was blue again, bright and glassy, wet. Dean tilted his head, he thought someone was talking to him but his brain was partially offline. It was like the feeling right after surfacing from a really good sleep. He blinked again and everything came sharply back into focus.
Almost immediately Sam texted him back the address, and a question about how he was doing. Dean thanked him for the address and told him that he was fine. It was mostly the truth anyway. He dropped his phone on the bed, and got up.
As much as Dean wanted to believe that, it was crap. “Yeah, and if it’d been with someone normal instead of a freak like me, you never woulda gotten hurt. So.…” Dean shrugged, avoiding Cas’s eyes, too-intent on his face.
All he could see through the windows were staggered bookshelves that obscured the entire back half of the store, but left a counter and cash register on the left wall visible. A woman with short wavy red hair in a white blouse was standing at the register peering curiously at him. Right. He was standing in the doorway like a creeper. Already off to a great start.
Cas's scent was all around Dean when he woke. Spices and leather, that undercurrent of tobacco even more noticeable with his nose buried in Cas's pillow. One thing missing that would've made waking up in Cas's bed perfect—Cas. He rolled onto his back and stretched luxuriously, arms above his head and back arched as he yawned.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, walking the distance from his car to the stairs, and then jogging up them. He’s kinda sweaty and dirty, but Cas never seems to care, even actually enjoys it for some reason, so Dean steps close to him, pulls him into a kiss that’s equal parts affection and need. “Missed you.”
Second of all, I hope what you're about to read and see makes up for the bit of a wait. I'm preeeetttyyy sure you're gonna be happy with it. ;)
Sprawling hills full of wheat because Dean rented out the fields to a farmer down the road. Horses looking to be fed in the barn, needing to be groomed, new ones needing to be broken in, trained ones getting ready for auction or sale. Plus there are the chickens out at the chicken coop that need to be fed, their eggs collected.
Contemplating his answer, Cas chewed on his top lip. He could put her off and lie about it. She'd know he was lying through his teeth though, and he didn't want to hurt her feelings. Plus she was right, he had been abandoning them at lunch.
