"How long will I be like this?"
Steve expected to be intercepted at any time. It's happened before, it'll happen again. He did not expect a man to slam him over the railing of the ship and plunge in after him. Steve had lashed out with his shield, the metal slicing through the water, but it hit nothing. He kicked, again and again, but the sharp hands always returned.
Tony wanted to pin his ears. “Father, I trust only myself with the greenprints for the armor.” Of course, he trusted his brother, too, but Father did not need to know that. As far as the King knew, Tony had built Arno’s suit.
Tony tapped Star’s shoulder and swam a few feet down the street. “Let’s go, Star. We got you a home for the moment.”
“Of course, Your Majesty.” He pivoted and sped away into the darkness of the palace.
And now he was here, in a room bathed in white, staring Blue in the face.
But nothing happened.
"Oh, the change is permanent,
Tony could only wave, smiling when Star hesitantly waved back. Then he turned and followed Arno as they left the house, locking the front door behind them.
Tony led Star out of the hospital, looking back every few tail flicks to ensure the not-human could keep up. Tony found it rather cute how Star was struggling to walk and swim at the same time, though he tried not to smile too obviously. Tony deduced from Star’s shield that he was a high-ranking member of the surface military—because,
Water churned in front of him. Tony didn't bother to look at whatever Ava was doing. "Whaddya doin'?"
“I have insurance?” Steve asked, brows furrowed. “What about payment?”
Steve hurried to put on his boots. If he stared at Blue any longer he’d be spellbound.
His brown hair was short and curly, his smile sharp and radiant. Sticking out from the sides of his head were expressive finned ears. His visible skin had faint red stripes as well as dozens of scars. Looped around his neck was a necklace of dark-colored pearls with a single sea shell in the middle. Over his torso was some type of shirt that glimmered in the white light, sporting a strange mix of geometric and swirling patterns. Blue’s tail was deep red in color with darker, thick striping, and he had snow white underscales. All along his body, skin and scales, were pale, orderly spots. But his eyes still glowed that hypnotic blue color.
"Tell me the damage, Ava. Why can't I feel my legs? Why do I feel heavier?" A stab of cold fear shot down his spine, and something on his back, something
"And my suit?"
"Will this...will this stay with me?" Tony asked softly. He fingered the fat and the connected skin, all that was left of his meal. It actually abated his hunger when less than half of the meal--if he was human--would've stuffed him to the brim.
Tony couldn't help but chuckle. "You're welcome."
In a similar mechanical suit--this one black and silver and glowing orange--was his friend. Whether it was a machine or a merperson in a metal shell, they easily and repeatedly overpowered Ross. The GAIA agent snarled and swiped but he knew he was outmatched. When the orange merman glanced at Blue, he swung in place and bolted away.
Tony and Arno placed the many leather bags’ worth of items off to the side as Star explored the house, acting as if there were going to be traps around every rounded corner. Arno took it upon himself to start organizing the food and kitchenware while Tony took the bags loaded with clothes and sheets up to the second floor through a large ovular hole nestled in the corner of the ceiling near the kitchen.
Blue filled his vision again, unusually bright. Although Steve's vision was blurred with pain--head injury, he had to remain awake--he saw that a face was before him. It wasn't Ross; no, a dark-haired man stared at him, a sharp-toothed but relieved smile on his face.
Steve sighed, only opening his eyes when the hand pulled away. Blue was staring at someone behind him, making facial expressions that accentuated the motions his hands made. Sign language, but it was unlike the motions Clint used. The smaller lights in Blue's metal body flashed and flickered like strobe lights. Blue pointed to Steve's head and then to his feet, and it was then that Steve felt the dull stinging that swallowed up his feet and reached up to his calves. The werewolf stifled a groan and sagged, letting his eyes flutter closed. How strong was Ross’s grip that his claws pierced through his combat boots?
He groaned, shifting in the bed as best as he could. Something heavy moved with him. "Yeah. Mm'wake."
The princes dipped their heads in acknowledgement and swam into the long corridor that led into Arc Palace.
Displaying a mixture of whale and dolphin reliefs and curving lines was the hospital, one of the largest buildings in western division. Like the Merrow civilians, the humans threw themselves out the way of the royals, signing to one another and pointing to Star.
Well, off to Coral Rise they go. At least Star would get swimming practice.
“He just needs better stuff,” Tony chirped, swirling to face his brother. “I’ll bring him quality silk and linens when I return.”
A half-smile formed on Tony's face. "You know who I am."
And Tony did
“The paper,” said the doctor, sitting down on a stone chair by the wall closest to the werewolf, “is a list of treatments you received. You may keep that because we can always make another copy.”
“So soon?”
, who responded in kind; with a bow, Dr. Corella left the room.
The mammal-tailed mermaid grinned, her eyes flashing an unsettling red-orange in the light of his arc reactor. "He doesn't take money, Stark. Food. Hunt for him." At the appalled expression on his face, Ava coiled upwards, laughing straight from her belly. "Ah, you have
Clusters of pillar coral lights bathed the inside of the reception area with kelp yellows and sky blues. The receptionist, an elderly woman, lifted her head as the princes swam up to her. Seeing that their load was limp, her eyes widened and she thrust herself from the desk. The woman pointed to a white-lit hallway on her right and swam off.
out the box here, but Tony was confident he could repair his suit just enough to send the coordinates of his location to his friends.
? "Who are you? When were you hired?"
awake. Maybe. We'll see how your memory serves you next time."
Silence. Clinks of utensils—smelted from gold from human shipwrecks—against polished stone bowls.
When Steve opened his eyes Blue was gone, replaced with a woman. Her black hair was tied—somehow—behind her head, but strands still swirled around her head like swirling ink. Her exposed skin was dark yet still strangely pale. How long had she been down here? Was she saved too, and her body slowly transformed to accommodate everything? Or was there a human species adapted to the depths that the surface only knew about in almost-forgotten legends?
Dr. Corella smiled and nodded to Blue. “Prince Tony personally ensured payment.” With that, she stood and dipped her head politely to the werewolf. “It was a pleasure treating you. Just ask the receptionist for me when you come back, and make sure to bring the paper.” The doctor signed to
. He admired the design and felt the metal. Then he tapped the edge of the shield with a claw, tilting his head at the deep hum the shield emanated. The red merman sang and whistled, tapping again and again in different locations.
The merman frowned and flicked his eyes towards her. She knew so much about this and he wanted to know why, but the suspicion in his gaze was quickly snuffed out by guilt. Perhaps she was in his position once. "Were you changed?"
Blue and orange, gray and black, filled his vision. Unnaturally smooth fingers and arms wrapped themselves around the joint connecting his arms to his shoulders and hoisted him up with a gentleness he only recieved from Natasha.
In the distance were the upper shelves of the Subduon, the trench Eingara was built in: the shelves of the poor, of the merchants and traders and artisans, and of the Upper Military. Piercing through the encompassing darkness were the lights, glittering and flashing red, blue, green, and yellow. The Sanctum was more attuned to the wealthy while still remaining quite a swim away; it was located right at the bottom of the trench.
There was a long pause, so long that the billionaire would've dared to seek out the woman, to pick apart her expressions, if only he was brave enough to open his eyes.
There was a human community up on the shelf called Weifsafir. It was high enough that Star would not succumb to the pressure. For now, they were Star's best chance at survival.
The room was carved from stone. There were breaching whales carved into the walls and pods of dolphins playing with one another. Feathery anemones grew on the walls, close to the sea grass floor, swaying in the currents produced from movement.
Tony gently stroked the helmet, his thumb rolling over the cheek. He imagined the AI's mainframe desperately trying to reach out to the suit, watching and rewatching Tony's supposed last living moments. He imagined Pepper, his beloved Pepper, cataloguing every move he took all the while ruthlessly questioning the team; Happy, sitting silently on the couch; and Rhodey, his Honeybear, blaming himself for not being there.
Tony began to float to avoid the sand catching the light and nearly blinding him. All it took was a flick of his tail and he was level with her. "Fine. How much? Does he take US dollars?" Of course payment would be late,
do you think you
He shrugged, pulling a chunk of meat from a slab and chewing it to a near-pulp before swallowing. "How do people normally react?"
Steve really wouldn't be surprised if Ross was the type to swear revenge.
, cut out a clump of meat and fat and nibbled at it. He laid himself down half onto the sand, purposefully keeping his savior and captor in his side vision.
“It’s popular here,” Tony said, and Star glanced at him. “I have a few of those myself.”
His eyes widened. He tried to sit up but she shook her head. "I—yes, I understand." Water swished unpleasantly around his mouth and Steve instinctively winced.
"Ava Apoll."
“For us, over a thousand years. By the way, return to me in five tolls so that I may change the wrappings.”
The merman yanked him downwards with such force that bubbles shot out of Steve's mouth; in an instant a clawed hand wrapped itself around his throat. Pain exploded behind his eyes when the man slammed Steve's head against the sandy floor.
The woman—a nurse? a doctor? she was dressed in nothing that reminded him of doctor's scrubs and had a strange instrument looped over her shoulders—smiled at Steve. "Understand?" she asked, signing the word as well.
appeared much better than the three months he spent under the eyes of the Ten Rings. Not preferred, of course, but at least he wasn't constantly fearing for his life. As of now. Besides, Ava had brought him his suit. Sure, he'd have to think
The light in his periphery was much dimmer than when he woke up, and his eye pain was down to an annoying ache. Tony cast Ava a sideways glance and saw the mermaid curled up like a cat two meters away, eating her own share of the meat. Her tail was mammalian in appearance, being blue gray with some irregular white spotting.
"Before I saw you I had cut myself some meat from a dead whale calf. I decided to save some of it for you." The mermaid placed a large clamshell in the shade by his head. Spilling out of it were wads of seaweed, and on the greenery were thick cuts of the darkest meat he'd ever seen.
"Good. I am Doctor Corella. Can you tell me what you remember? How those wounds appeared?"
, the genius, billionaire, playboy, and philanthropist knew it'll be jumping with the dolphins.
Tony hesitated, but Arno flicked him gently with his tail. With a comforting smile, the elder prince led them to the table and they took their places between their parents.
But Father would be waiting.
Star furrowed his brow. Around his neck was one of the cowrie necklaces; they had taught him to open the door when they first entered the house, and he caught on quickly. He loosened the strap of the pouch and played with the money—the gemstone, metal, and carved bone seashells—inside. But after a few heartbeats he seemed to understand that they were leaving him.
"Three days, but you were already turned when I found you unconscious."
The woman pulled her hand away. "Mr. Stark? You awake for real this time?"
“Then I will find you trustworthy apprentices.”
Slowly, the twinkling lights got larger.
Nestled against the furthest wall of the cave was a pile of metal. Forgetting about his meal instantly, Tony swam over to what was left of his suit--and nearly collided into the wall. His claws clicked on the metal as he picked through the scraps. At the bottom of the pile was his helmet, a large hole in the place of the left eye. The poor thing was dented and scratched. Tony gently took it in his hands, mentally urging JARVIS to wake up and greet him.
a surfie, huh? Everything you see down here was created with the water in mind, to be dense and adhesive.”
"JARVIS," Tony whispered. "C'mon. Wake up. I'm here, I'm alive!"
He was resting on something soft and seamless, but Steve didn't have the energy to check. He stared at Blue.
"Who--" What kind of cold air was
The room the receptionist led them to was lit with a white coral light that was growing downwards from the ceiling. The stony floor was carpeted with sea grass and the walls swayed with vibrant anemones and soft corals. To the left of the doorway was a wall-long counter, all its contents sorted into neat groups. In the middle of the room was a mechanical bed fashioned into a mussel shell, fitted with sealskin sheets. The princes lay Star down on the sheets, settling him on his belly.
--held fast to the Avenger as he flailed, kicking up dust--
, flared and quivered.
six months. I know a maid who lasted seven years."
Arc Palace.
The shelf ended with a sharp descent. The brothers coasted to a stop over the depths of the Subduon, over the heart of Eingara. Even through the four miles that separated the princes from their home, they saw the multicolored lights that twinkled like stars, signifying the Merrow-dominated markets, parks, and housing areas. All those lights clustered up towards a ring of bright blue and yellow: the palace.
A cloud of glimmering silver bubbles raced past him to the surface. His world, once clear and vibrant with a plethora of colors and sounds, was now darkening with the color blue, a monotonous pounding ruthlessly crashing into his head.
A soft chuckle. "What did I just say?"
Yes, he's given his all to this era, hasn't he? He built up the Avengers, stopped an alien invasion, and found and liberated his friend. What more could the world, could S.H.I.E.L.D., want from him?
," she hurried to add when Tony froze, "after at least six months you'll get your human form back."
, Tony?"
Tony grinned. “You leave that to me.”
"Your helmet is mostly intact, but I literally had to make ten trips for the rest of it, and I still may not have gathered everything. If you like, I can take you there later."
“Oh, no! There is a different ointment for that. But I’ll have to check and see.” She did, and tilted her head at what she saw. “These, too, are healing. You said you got these ahlia, yes?”
As if they were sharks on the prowl the civilians cleared the way for their princes as they swept through the city, their eyes lingering on the limp not-human in their grasp. They hummed and clicked theories to one another but none were arrogant enough to intercept them. Tony prayed that they couldn't catch Star's taste in the water, prayed that a noble adorned with peridot, gold, and/or a rainbow of pearls wouldn't be in the crowd.
want to be the traumatized owner of a flounder.
The woman grinned and moved on to the next leg. “You
Tony rolled to his belly and hauled himself over the side of the seaweed bed to stare down at the meat. Two of the four cuts, thicker than his pinky was long, still had the fat and skin. "You...you want me to eat this?
to learn! Tell you what, we'll leave tomorrow for your suit, and when you get hungry again I'll teach you to hunt."
Arno nodded, but his face was solemn. “We need to go. We’ve been gone for too long already.”
Mermaids were legendary for their beauty, but Steve never imagined anything like this.
Home, sweet home.
Colonial tunicates grew upside down from the ceilings of the hallways, providing blue and white light. Larger groups stretched for meters along the ceilings and even grew down along the walls, while smaller colonies dotted the ceilings, twinkling in the darkness. They had been placed in the palace a long time ago at the order of a queen to accommodate visitors from the tropics, and she liked the tunicates so much that she ordered them untouched. Succeeding kings and queens also took joy in them, only having the tunicates removed when they provided problems to their local environment.
By the time they reached Star’s new house—a beautiful conch-shaped abode with soft and hard corals adorning its stone exterior—the brothers had loaded Star up with seven jellyfish bell shawls; more than a dozen hagfish slime-silk shirts, vests, and pants; bone, gemstone, and pearl accessories; and plenty of undergarments. They’d bought him cured meats like eel, a few pounds of whale, and even seal imported from down south, and bought him a few leather bags worth of fruits and preserved greens. Tony had bought sheets and pillows along with shell kitchenware, but he fully intended to replace those with higher quality products from the stores along the Subduon floor.
Blue dust swirled all around him; he'd been slapping and flicking his tail against the sand. "You got a lab?" Tony placed the helmet back onto the pile and turned to face Ava, who floated a respectful distance away. It was then that he was struck with quite the dilemma: what in the world kind of technology did mermaids have? If he had to repair a metal suit with rocks and clam shells he was going to drag himself through the streets of New York to get to his Tower.
Tony sniffed and recoiled when the air sank into his neck. He yelped, his hands flying to his neck. Brown eyes flew open just in time to see a dark shape bolt towards him and yank his hands away. The woman--or
Out of the Weifsafir Hospital Tony paused, and the not-human flailed to a stop. The way he flapped his arms about—he looked like an upright manta ray.
, who
Tony scowled. He dove, pumping his tail as hard as he could to gain speed. The prince tucked his arms close. Blissfully cold water soared over and around his body.
Tony nodded. Even in the water, humans had a partictular taste to them. But Star's taste was warped, human but not-human. "So how deep do we need to bury this secret?" Because if Father found Star he'll know immediately that Star is in some way special, and he'll have him tested. And if there was anything Father loved more than his own sons, it was prestige and the admiration (cough
"You've become unbelievably annoying, Captain." The merman's voice rang clear in the blue. His name was Ross Sweinden, Steve remembered, GAIA's pack of muscle. They had met before, only a week ago, when Ross had nearly bested him in combat. Steve was impressed, he respected Ross's strength; the man would've made a worthy Avenger if only he wasn't so eager to use brute force. "How's about we end this?"
“Will you have to do the same thing to my legs?”
Too soon a smooth, featureless mask slid down over the merman's face. He turned to the left and, his voice hosting a mechanical undertone, clicked and whistled at a companion.
Star blinked open his eyes. Those little windows to the sky searched the room before fixating on Tony. Confusion was written all over his youthful face.
The hospital visit went well, much to Tony’s delight, but he honestly much preferred Strange’s expertise. Not to say Dr. Corella’s work was subpar, no, she worked with cool efficiency all the while carrying a conversation with Star. It was just that Strange had
He had the serum to thank for that; in less than a day a simple head injury like that would be gone.
The King was quiet at that, no doubt wondering how much leeway he should give his argumentative son.
Ross shook him. "Don't die on me, Steve!" His grip on Steve's neck tightened--and then loosened.
Tony joined in, nodding vigorously, “Clint was saying he’d just finished a case so I’m sure-“
Continuing the bed situation and Natasha knows more than she lets on.
"Lie back down. I'll go and get your pain meds." Tony watched Cap yawn which caused a smile, "Besides, they said you'd be tired when you eventually woke up with your body trying to cope and all."
He nodded to her and they bid their farewells allowing him to let himself into his own apartment. Nobody blinks an eye at his 4 door locks, not in this part of the city anyway. He closed the door behind him and resealed all the locks before he rushed to the table by the door and dragged the large bag out from underneath. He'd learnt from several unpleasant experiences to always keep your emergency supplies near the front door and a smaller bag in your bedroom too.
"You don't remember me? I guess you had no reason to and it was quite a while ago. We met briefly at that conference a while ago... damn, what was it on again? I go to too many of these things." Steve had donned a mid-western accent especially for the role.
“I’ll call an ambulance?”
. He mouthed as he signed it.
The lights snapped on and the genius froze with something in his arms.
Tony didn’t have time to consider why a simple hand job had sent him reeling so much but he was maybe beginning to admit that he might have a major crush on Captain America.
One of Steve’s greatest fears since releasing he was asexual was that he’d never be able to keep a partner. He always envisioned his partner’s leaving due to their lack of sexual intimacy and it wasn’t completely unfounded as it had happened to him before. Tony was special to him and he’d do anything to keep him happy. Even if that meant breaking his own heart in the process.
Two years ago he couldn’t even imagine working a case with the disrespectful, rule busting and cheeky Tony Stark but now he couldn’t imagine a day without having the man in his life. To say their relationship took them both, and everyone else for that matter, by surprise was an understatement.
“I can’t believe it.” Steve uttered between deep lunges, “It almost feels like... like I still have my leg.”
The inventor figured out the meaning and mirrored the sign. He signed,
His commanding officer was going to absolutely murder him since, once again, he’d been unable to capture one of the most dangerous men in the whole of New York. Sighing, he finished gathering his things and paced out to his Boss’s office ready for a dressing down. Tony only hoped that Captain Fury would go easy on him considering he would be beating himself up over this for weeks.
“Thought you’d give me a couple of days to settle in before you stopped by to say congratulations on the new job?” Stark smirked back. Despite Steve’s reputation he’d never been scared of the man even though he probably should be. It wasn’t everyday that you came face to face with a criminal alone in a dark alley.
Tony felt the bed behind him shift as Steve slowly lifted his head to peer back at his colleague to determine whether Tony had fallen asleep or lying awkwardly just like himself.  Steve’s sigh echoed around the room, accidently amplifying the weary sound.
He looked up to give a nod of the head to Tony but the man had vanished. Steve chuckled to himself as he shook his head and closed the file. Typical for Tony to be so cocky and self-assured; what if Steve was secretly a ‘love ‘em and leave ‘em’ type with no interest in pursuing their relationship further.  Despite ranting this to himself, detective Rogers knew he was too much of an open book and everyone knew he was looking for a committed relationship.
------
While Steve was floundering with his words Tony stepped forward and filled in his whereabouts. There was an easy alibi to excuse him from being interrogated. Meanwhile, Steve got redder in the face and began shifting on the spot.
“Nat, I’ve already told you that nothing interesting happened.”
There was only a slight moaning sound from the speaker of his cell making Stark panic and curse when he noticed Natasha wasn't already on the helipad waiting. He called one of the medic people at SHIELD and told them to get ready to jump aboard when he briefly landed as there was an emergency 150 miles away.
Tony nodded, “He is willing to do it on the condition I can be his interpreter.” His fiery stare dared Fury to not allow them Steve’s one request.
"What? Why?!" He blanched after swallowing a bite of pancake.
“What is it?” The Captain snapped, his remaining eye peering between his two employees.
Clint laughed, “I think you knew the answer all along.”
For Tony Stark the smell of a hospital was somewhat like an itch that just couldn’t be scratched; it was hugely annoying and wouldn’t leave until you dealt with it. That’s without mentioning how the smell would often draw his mind away from whatever topic he was ruminating over at that particular moment: usually something related to the latest case he was working on. Luckily for Stark, however, his father had been a famous inventor so his inheritance ensured that he could usually have at home doctor’s visits or medical care. He wasn’t rich but was wealthy enough for luxuries such as that.
They stood together, mostly in silence as Tony cooked their breakfast. Steve leant his head against the smaller man’s shoulder and watched him. Occasionally, Tony would think of something and turn slightly so Steve could read his hands or, if stirring, he would slowly mouth words to his partner but that was prone to miscommunication.
Someone most have noticed him moving as a nurse rushed over by his side from the nurses station,“Glad to see you’re wake, Captain Rogers.” She lifted a glass of water to his lips, “You’re surgery has gone well but we’ll have to wait and see for signs of infection.”
They both laughed and within the hour they were snuggled under the blankets watching a film that neither particularly cared about but it didn’t matter since they were together. Besides, Steve had claimed the last Chocolate Fudge Ben and Jerry’s so he was feeling pretty smug about that.
"Hereee. Mmmm, Delll-E-Waa." His speech continued to slide further.
"He's a cocky bastard... I like him." Stark declared after a beat of silence from the team. It was clear the assassin didn't like Shield which was a quality the billionaire looked for in friends. Nobody mentioned the fact that Stark hadn’t been hiding his crush for the assassin very well.
Stark huffed and signed,
Steve’s heart was racing, he could feel it coursing through his ears. Saliva was like glue in his mouth as he couldn’t seem to swallow properly. Fingers tangled in his blond hair, he pulled at the strands in frustration.
Steve’s soft smile shifted across his lips as he watched Tony finish off the translation and begin fielding questions.
"Look, I know it's great to sleep in but now you're pushing it. The sympathy card has quite literally been used up. Nobody cares anymore. They're gone." A familiar voice mocked good humorly.
Steve had almost forgotten his fake name until she cried it out, "Jon Paulson! I was wondering when you were going to show up!" She grinned at him, "You dirty stop-out." Her smile grew and mischief sparkled in her eye.
The genius nodded as he listened carefully. He wanted to interrupt a couple of times to ask questions but he resisted as he knew that Steve needed to lay down his boundaries for their relationship to work. Finally he asked, “Okay, all makes sense. Um, what about... uh, like when...” How could he phrase it without making his partner uncomfortable, “If I were to think about you to help me relieve myself or like think of your ass in a sexual setting... would that? How would you feel about that?” He felt like he had to ask as he had jerked off to Steve before their relationship had started so he might need to source some new material.
Smiling at the note and unbelievably curious to what was inside the box, Steve opened it quickly. The box was full of wires which caused him to frown but upon closer inspection he could see tiny lightbulbs were hanging from the wires. After a moment, he recognised them as a string of fairy lights with a large battery box at the end.
He began to step away but his shoe lace was under his stationary foot, causing him to tumble forward beside the man. He knocked the satchels over too. This was, of course, an elaborate act in which Steve had untied his lace hours ago in preparation and had plenty of experience in fake falling. His reaction of pain was genuine, however, as the sudden awkward movement pulled at the stitches in his shoulder. Blood was undoubtedly soaking into his shirt under his blazer. He needed to wrap this up quickly and scarper.
“Did I do something wrong?” Big brown eyes grew impossibly larger. He didn’t want to be told that Steve didn’t like him but he couldn’t live his life not knowing.
The spy slipped out the door and was out the building in mere minutes. Tony peered around the room and sighed. He really wished Cap had at least stayed for a little while.
Tony scowled down at him, “We’re not flirting.” Swiftly, he pulled up the unhurt man and tightened a pair of cuffs around his wrists. He didn’t want to stop and consider whether they really were flirting because that would be the second time in an hour he noticed he liked Steve more than he did before.
“Let me know if anything needs to be changed or whatever. I know that sexuality can be fluid so if something starts making you uncomfortable just let me know and I’ll change it up.” The smile he got was one of the most open and accepting Steve had ever received.
Trying not to be offended, Tony steeled himself, “What do you want from me?”
Steve’s eyes darted down to his right leg. Whole body freezing, he stared at the empty space where his lower leg would be. He couldn’t breath as he attempted to move his leg and hissed between his teeth at the pain. He looked up at the stranger.
The soldier nodded even though he knew Tony could probably read the nervousness in his face. The inventor turned to the crowd.
“Oh...” Bruce stared for a moment longer before he was able to control his inner scientist and researcher and approach him, “Do you need help?”
There were several beats of silence and Tony was convince that Steve was about to completely ignore him, “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Steve looked grateful that Tony’s presence allowed him to stop running and when he stopped the soldier whipped his hand away as though nothing was wrong. The genius wanted to roll his eyes at Steve’s macho antics; the remanence of his former military training was still firmly drilled into him.
“Big deal?” He cried, “You just got shot!” His hands began to flutter over Steve’s well-toned body helplessly knowing he couldn’t do any more than Nat had already administered.
Steve sighed, “I love you, Detective Tony Stark.” He could feel Tony’s confusion at the sudden announcement, Steve was always more open with his feelings than Stark but neither were overly emotional.
, Tony pulled the man out of bed and dragged him through to the kitchen. He liked to make eggs for them in the morning and Steve always loved his cooking.
Tony signed, whilst ignoring the others,
“Here,” Stark insisted, picking up the candle and his documents. Gently, he encouraged Steve to stand and follow him as he led them up to the floor a couple above.
“Out of everyone’s butts, I’m glad it was your butt.” Tony whisper in response knowing that he was taking a risk.
Meanwhile, Steve’s neighbors were growing increasingly antsy at the current state of affairs. A man had spent the last hour on the wet doorstep of their building alternating between pressing the buzzer and calling up to Steve’s dark window. Many hands hovered over 911 as they watched him carefully but he showed no sign of leaving.
Cameras flashed as he climbed on stage and took his seat behind the table. People were moving around and talking, journalists were interspersed with members of the public, and Steve could imagine that it would be so much more overwhelming if he could hear the maelstrom of noise.
At their head table Tony slipped a hand under the table cloth to intertwine his fingers with his new husband. He could feel the gold band encircling Steve’s finger and he tried not to allow the grin on his face to turn completely and uncontrollably goofy. Steve seemed to have the same thought as he looked across at his partner and smiled.
Opening up the computer on his desk, he did everything in his power to distract himself from the empty desk which stood cold and dull across the room; they hadn’t yet managed to replace Steve as most the applicants hadn’t managed to fill the large shoes Steve had left behind him. The flashing of an email icon on his screen drew his eyes away from the desk and back onto his work.
“Targets are inside the house. Move in!” The voice ordered. Somewhere in the back of his mind Stark realised it was Hill but his mind was already focused in on the raid.
Steve remained mostly silently throughout the briefing and Tony was similarly quiet as he spent the majority of the time covertly watching the other man. The rest of the team easily picked up on the strange tension that had subdued the pair’s usual dynamic of bickering like children.
“Tony!” Steve groaned with increasing intensity in time with his pants for air. His grasp of Tony’s hair got tighter.
The inventor had finished the fitting but he remained motionless aside from the minute movements of his fingers. Steve’s breath hitched at the fondness of the action and it took him a moment to register when Tony finally told him to stand and try it out.
Natasha was a night owl and Steve had to thank God for that fact as he ran through the rain and looked up at her apartment window, lit by a soft yellow glow. Once at the entrance he buzzed her and she answered immediately,
The man gestured that he wanted to write so Stark padded off to find some paper and a pen. Successful from his trip, he returned brandishing his items. He dropped them on the couch between them and watched carefully as Steve scribbled out a sentence in surprisingly neat penmanship.
“I like you, Steve… It may not have always been this way but now I’ve gotten to know you I really like you.”
When he awoke he leapt out of the bed immediately. The prosthetic on his leg was unfamiliar and he stumbled ungracefully, catching himself against the wall to stop himself falling.
With his lights blaring, Tony darted through traffic to try and make up for the time he’d wasted contemplating Steve and the man’s physically ability to just sit in a cop car. Detective Rogers was a very competent and intelligent officer so Tony rolled his eyes at the protective moment he just experienced. Steve was definitely hiding the fact he was gripping the side of his chair as Tony’s vigorous driving was knocking with his wound. He, however, had begged to come so as a man of honor he would not complain to Tony. The ten minutes it took for them to get from Steve’s apartment to the crime scene was a decade in Steve’s mind. Their brakes screeched to a halt, smoke emanating from the rubber.
He'd gone out and left a murderer, more specifically his murderer, alone in his apartment? Barton could have done anything while the man was gone.
The scolded men nodded like guilty children and hurried off to their desk without a backward glance. If they had looked back they would have seen Fury shaking his head in utter exasperation.
Steve held his neck to stop him moving back and kissed him again, “Thank you for making it feel all so okay.”
“Stark!” Steve snapped, Tony turning everything into a joke or an opportunity to make a jab was one of Steve’s greatest pet peeves about the other detective. H crossed his arms and leant back further into his seat.
Not much ever manages to silence Tony Stark but his mouth hanged open and he blinked rapidly as his brain raced to catch up.
“Oh, God.” Steve murmured as Tony’s hand never strayed from massaging his dick through the thin material.
“He’s always going to be two steps ahead of you as long as you keep playing into his game.” Through the phone, Tony could hear the familiar twing of a bow and arrow. Clint was clearly at the archery range, his usual after work destresser.
They were content and they knew that, as long as they had each other, everything would be okay. They’d faced challenges before but anything that came at them now would only be easier since they could fight it together.
"That's a relief or this would have been a waste." He returned back with a steaming plate of pancakes and bacon, "Although, I'd have to applaud you for sticking to a cause you believe in."
The power shut off with a dull winding down tone. Tony, who’s chest Steve was currently laying on, tightened his grip on his partner aware that it could trigger a bad reaction.
“You... you didn’t have to do that because of the leg...” Tony went cold at the idea of Steve somehow using Tony’s developing infatuation with the hero as payment for the prosthetic.
Tony licked his lips before saying, with his characteristic lack of eloquence, “I’ve seen your ass.”
"Hold on, Steve! I'm coming for you!" He hung up.
The bright, mega-watt smile was implied in Steve’s tone and caused the guilty party to lift his head slowly, “Look, Stark. What you guys did really hurt me but I accept your apology and want to thank you for coming all this way to see me.”
“You need to go?” The golden haired man asked, leaning his head to the side. The puppy-like action pulled on his heart strings.
Steve, on the other hand, was mid-hand to hand combat with a bot. His eyes were solely focused on disabling the bot in his arms. He didn’t hear the metal plummeting towards him, now only meters away.
"A gunshot?!" He demanded.
“Hey!” Sam cried defensively, “That shit works! Communication is key for most things.”
Wrinkles formed in between the taller man's eyebrows and around his frowning lips. He hesitated to speak so Tony interrupted.
"I'm sorry," The friendly doctor shook his head as though trying to force memories back, "Have we met before?"
Steve slumped against the pale wall as the blood continued to ooze between his fingers despite the pressure he was applying to the wound. It was like a torrent of crimson flowing straight out of him. He grunted as he reached down to pull a small hand pistol from where it'd been strapped against his leg. The blond took a breath to steady himself before stepping away from the wall, forcing himself out the door and aiming down the road.
He sighed contentedly and smiled as he spoke, “You know, before I met you I didn’t think I’d ever get to spend my life with anyone. I’d been rejected and cast aside so many times. I’m so lucky to have found you.” He turned and watery, blues eyes met brown.
The car was silent as even the wind had died down as though mocking their inability to hold conversation. Only the rise and fall of their breathing even proved that they were still alive. Shadows shrouded the car making it harder for their suspect to spot them in their stakeout spot. Steve fiddled with a case file on his lap as a way to dispel nervous energy. Every few minutes Tony glanced across at the other detective’s moving fingers and would open his mouth to make a snide comment before having to begrudgingly stop himself.  Fury’s lecture was still spinning around his head reminding him that they’d be working together for the next few weeks until they close up this file so at least some civility would have to suffice.
The smaller man pushed down Steve’s underwear freeing his cock which sprang up proudly. Tony hummed appreciatively, trying to hide his apprehension at the size, before taking it into his mouth and sucking.
"No," He scoffed, "I've known since last week. Well, I knew before that but I knew the extent of it last week when I was mid-call with him and I heard a shot. At first I thought he was under fire but it was a job. What's wrong with this?"
“I think I need to apologise too.” Steve muttered, looking down at the floor.  Needless to say, Tony was hugely surprised by this sudden turn of events. He was still working through his own guilt and hadn’t yet started to think about what Steve might to be to blame for. The taller man continued, “I over reacted. We are both just as unfamiliar with the whole relationship etiquette thing and you didn’t know how much what you did would embarrass me.”
-One and a Half Years Later-
Stark nodded, his assessment had been correct. He held onto Steve and dragged the man up to the pillows and rested him there. It was hard work under the man’s dead weight but he managed it. He sat on the edge of the bed and watched the suffering man carefully and anxiously.
There was a sound from somewhere in the large warehouse and the man silently cursed for jinxing himself. If he died today his eulogy would state how much of an idiot he was. His light eyes scanned the area before, keeping crouched low, he slipped out the emergency fire exit that was close behind him.
Stark jolted as Clint slapped his hand against the detective’s back, “Good to have you back. It wasn’t the same without you, man.” The comment was only in passing but he could feel Barton’s handprint long after the man had left.
The credits were rolling on their film but Steve hadn’t paid attention to the last half as he’d gotten slightly distracted watching Tony’s face while butterflies assaulted his stomach. The end music finished and the room was plunged into darkness but neither man dared to move. Steve would know when the other moved as it would rustle the blanket that they currently shared. All he could hear was his steady breath.
“No! Or well, I really don't think so. They're-.”
The founding members of the Avengers still remember the days where dinner consisted of Thor and Steve silently competing in who could eat more food before inevitably getting beaten by a hungry Bruce after a Hulk-out, all while Tony and Clint sniped at each other (
“Friday does like to gossip,” Tony breezily waved off the comment.
“Hi Peanut,” Scott breathed, exhausted. “How was school?”
“Call it whatever you like, boss. I can stop updating you, if your previous instructions to update you after each test no longer apply,” Friday smoothly jumped in.
Scott winced as he was squished a bit in the mech. “Kind of? I’m in Crossbones’s suit, who is with Steve.”
“So what do we do now?”
“Sure, Tony. Hell, to be extra nice, I’ll even pretend like you haven’t come to any massive realizations you’re avoiding.”
The teen gaped. When Tony made no move to change what he said, and seemed to be awaiting a serious response, he tried to form a coherent sentence. In his defense, the man in front of him was a local legend and a personal inspiration from the times Tony had come to town.
When Anthony, by then going by Tony, turned 10, the most beautiful person in the world was a brilliant noble called Jennifer Walters. She was intelligent, compassionate, bold, and clever, and was respected by all who had the pleasure of making her acquaintance during her unusual exploits, for a noble, where she spoke out and protested the crown. One day, late in a desolate winter, Jennifer unwittingly enraged a sorcerer who coveted her beauty and craved the kind of adoration held by the public for their beautiful defender of the poor. The gorgeous woman was cursed by the vengeful magician, and curiously enough, the enchantment took the form of an unstoppable craving for spinach. Jennifer was unable to stop eating the leafy plant, ingesting it for every meal, until her very skin turned green. Yet the odd coloring did not tarnish her beauty in the slightest, and one could say she grew even lovelier. With silky hair and a glowing complexion, Jennifer only gained more fame for her curious green skin. The sorcerer was horrified to find that not only did she simply increase Jennifer’s renown, but the spell served to give her foe unmatched physical strength, which she used to help even more people in need.
Hope gave him a look as they made their way to the sidewalk from the secluded booth in the cafe. “Scott.”
“Not everyone is as smooth on camera as you, Hope!”
Scott went to grab his cereal when he noticed the pots and pans currently dominating the counter space. “What’s all this?”
“I will never love again,” Tony explained matter-of-factly. “And the world is a lesser place without him on it.” The young people seemed unsurprised by the declaration, but Jarvis’s heart ached to see his godson so burdened. To lose your loved ones so young was a cruel twist of fate.
Despite his wondrous inventions, the most amazing thing he ever had a hand in creating was undoubtedly his son. While his mother was responsible for bringing him into the world and supplying him with many of his most favorable traits, Tony echoed his father’s feelings for engineering, and loved working in the shop almost more than anything. (Except maybe taunting the farm boy and attempting to train his donkey, Dum-e.) Because of his tendency to be found working in the shop any time his father wasn’t using it, or working in the shed when he was, he could often be found with oil in his hair, scrapes and bruises scattered on his frame, and fingers dark with residue from the inner workings of his many own contraptions. His hair was always awry from constantly tugging or messing with it and he scarcely noticed rips in his clothing. After disappearing for hours or days at a time, he would come back with some clever contraption or upgrade of his father’s work.
It took me days to get used to the swaying of the boat and I love you.
As children, Tony resented how Bucky got along with everyone, and especially Steve, and Bucky disliked the boy who teased his best friend. Bucky and Tony would delight in clever aspersions cast at the other’s character, making a game out of all the creative insults and jokes they could think of. It held a bitter edge in their early acquaintance, but the insults lost their sting as they grew older, too familiar and fond to hurt.
The silence over the line was deafening and Sam relished in it. A person had a right to be proud when they managed to stun Tony Stark into silence. The times it happened could probably be counted on one hand.
She snickered. “This is both the only time that’s a good thing, and the first time it’s happened that you caught someone’s eye because you were subtle.”
“I assumed Friday handled it?” Sam piped up.
The only time Tony made a comment about Steve being unable to achieve some task he needed done in the fields based on his size, Steve went and singlehandedly plowed the field. He fell very ill from the overexertion, but Tony knew he wouldn’t challenge him that way again, though he never explicitly told Steve that he had earned Tony’s admiration. He never mocked Steve’s abilities based on his health, and instead teased him on the mistakes anyone could make, Steve’s specific quirks, or about how Steve couldn’t figure out how to take care of Dum-E. (No one could, was the thing.  Only Tony understood the donkey’s weird behaviors.) Tony further provoked him by assigning him the most bizarre, specific, confusing, or flat out nonexistent tasks on the farm. While the other hands tended the crops one summer, Steve had to hunt down the old goose, the meanest bird in the land, who had mysteriously escaped his pen. He subdued the beast with only minor injuries.
“It was fun! I got to share my coloring with the class, and I got a gold star. Mary was super mad.”
“Steve is pretty big on doing the right thing.”
So much for that weekly update schedule, amirite? Hahaha… Sorry?
They assured him confidently, before also reminding him of the extensive safeguards for his family. (Tony even gave him permanent access to the jets to visit his daughter whenever he wanted.
Natasha’s first question was directed at Scott. “The explosive device?”
<><><><><><><>
“So sorry, Tony. I didn't know.” Steve’s remorse felt real.
“Up ahead! I see the server!” Sam called before he swept down to carry Scott the last few yards forward.
Rather than muse on how he made that major oversight any longer, Scott quickly summoned his ants, and a flood of them rapidly appeared in the gym from every crack in the room.
Sam was glad she didn’t go still and quiet at the mention of Bruce anymore. “Well…” Steve floundered for a second here, obviously trying to save his argument, which Sam easily took advantage of.
“None taken,” Vision said warmly, while Wanda just quirked a small smile.
There was a collective chuckle of amusement before they went to do just what was so politely suggested. Scott followed Sam to their floor, but noticed Steve and Rhodey heading to the kitchen as he left.
-----
“Jump out a glass elevator once and no one lets you live it down,” Steve replied.
They started back a couple hours of stargazing later. Tony and Bucky were about halfway back when Tony spoke up again. “Does he hate me?”
Rhodey got his first leave from the army not long after the Stark parents passed away, and Tony spent all the time he could clinging to his best friend. Rhodey had received a letter from Tony with the news before his leave, but it was still fresh on his mind and the two visited the graves on the bluffs together. (Tony suggested the bluffs. Jarvis hugged him tightly when he did, remembering when Maria and Tony first found it during Tony's early riding lessons.)
Tony fended off a blush. “What does that mean? Never mind, don’t answer that. I bet you want to explore the world.”
Tiberius had long considered seeking out the engineer he had heard about, and after the death of the Prince’s pet weapon-smith and with his current dissatisfaction with the replacements, he knew the Prince would be interested in a talented and young recruit. (Young meant they could work a long time.) Tiberius just had to make sure he was as good as he heard before he wasted the Prince’s time. (The Prince had a vicious temper, though it wasn’t one you could easily see coming. Tiberius was wise enough to his moods to know that wasting time was a sure way to earn his displeasure.)
While the two bickered, the rest continued with their explanation to Scott.
to talk about, Tony wasn’t able to make a “strategy meeting” (Steve’s poorly disguised attempts to mend fences with Tony. Too bad he sucked at them), or some other small thing that was usually misinterpreted by one or both parties. Pepper insisted to Tasha that Tony had a similar mood where after Steve was disappointed in him or Tony’s pride got in the way of an apology, the man went and invented something world changing in an effort to prove a point to Steve, who didn’t even realize Tony was doing things to gain his approval. It was a mess, basically.
“Your superhero alias is Ant-Man and yet we all managed to forget your connection to the insects,” Vision commented, sounding truly baffled by this fact.
He found he couldn't for a long time.
Tony feigned shock. “Are you- do you mean me? Cap, if you think you don’t attract more trouble than me, you’re insane.”
“Oh, is that something you might be interested in, Tony?” Sam queried, falsely surprised.
Scott’s teeth flashed in a grin. “On the contrary, he’s excited to meet you and upgrade all your tech. Apparently, gear based superpowers are something of a specialty of his.”
trusts this lot.”
“No, I don’t think I am okay. I would worry I’ve lost my mind, but I know, I hope I know, that you wouldn’t mind. And it really shouldn’t be such a big, or world shifting thing, but it really is and I should probably thank Bucky and Rhodey, but that’s really second to facing you and- I just have to tell you.” It sounded as if Tony was trying to be flippant, but as he went on his voice just shifted to heart-rending sincerity.
"Are you asking me or telling me?"
Scott chuckled. “I think I’m used to this stuff by now. Hank and Hope Pym put me through all kinds of training and tests to get me ready to use the suit. So by now I almost expect this.”
He had gone through a crisis when Steve first left, the low self-esteem that had plagued him since he developed a sense of self rearing its ugly head. Despite his many gifts, and the many people who had come to love him over the years, Tony’s aura of self-possession was largely a shield to protect a heart that had been rejected and injured over many years. When Steve left, he was consumed with the idea that Steve would be disappointed when he returned. Steve was already so lovely and would only grow even nobler and stronger, and out of the people he’d meet from all around the world, surely he’d meet many who were more kind, balanced, mature, beautiful, generous… People who’d make the perfect spouse and would fit an ideal that Tony had never felt would be plausible for him.
“Yeah, because he’s a buffoon and wants something from me, but won’t say what. He’s entitled and small minded.”
“You’re jealous of Peggy. Did you only now recognize your feelings?”
“Like you didn’t know the results already,” Natasha said sardonically.
She chuckled at Steve’s stories, and something occurred to her. A boy this clever needed an outlet other than trying to outwit her son. “Steve. Would you like to help me with the farm accounts? I think you’d enjoy it.”
“It’s the Avengers’ compound,” Tony corrected quickly.
There were others of note that would appear both before Anthony and after. Long before, there were two siblings, one a man of fire, famous for his charisma and humor and feared for his talent on the battlefield, and the other a woman of compassion and intelligence who unshakably protected those same troops in battle, both individuals able to stake a claim for the title of most beautiful. The guardian of the troops, herself bearing a keen eye and endless brilliance, eventually married a man who was said to have intelligence that stretched to encompass every possible realm of knowledge. He was gifted beyond measure, and was constantly behind some bizarre disaster or strange invention.  The family that formed out of this close-knit family, the siblings, the husband, and the beloved best friend, would eventually raise a child far beyond what any soul could imagine a human being capable of.
Scott laughed, comfortable in this warm atmosphere, before remembering the weird exchange he witnessed a few minutes earlier.
Natasha punched him in the shoulder. “Come on, battering ram, let’s go spar. Feel free to join us, Scott.”
“Thanks Peanut. Talk to you later.”
“No, not that bird, the emotionally stunted one.”
“A better one. I want to make sure you come back in one piece, and this shield is made of pure vibranium. I don’t think anything could get through it, even with your penchant for breaking things,” Tony teased, but his eyes betrayed his nervousness. He didn’t quite manage to stop himself from asking. “Do you like it?”
Tony seemed to close off at that, stiffening slightly, and even the newest member of the team could tell that that wasn’t the right response. "Of course. Actually, I’m sure you guys don’t need me for this.”
<><><><><>
The game was unsurprisingly chaotic. Scott only had time to consider that the test would be both more fun and more stressful with more people participating when he had to narrowly avoid Steve’s shield. The Captain sharply called out, “focus” before returning to his terrifying sparring with Natasha.
“What else? Um, I guess I’m good with tech? I used to be a systems engineer and I have a degree in electrical engineering? I used to hack in my free time? Hope Van Dyne taught me some martial arts and I know how to hold my own in s street fight… I have some free-running and climbing experience?”
Jarvis approved of Peter when he proved to be quick, clever and hardworking, and Tony was delighted by the teen and his big ideas. It helped to have someone to mentor to distract him from how so many of his loved ones were across the world, and Tony always reminded himself how his friends could take care of themselves.
“You will always be welcome with the Avengers, Tony. No matter what. You are a founding member and gave us a place to be. You gave me a home."
After a particularly nasty fight, Tony went to his father, seeking advice. Howard was sober in a way he rarely was, in both body and mind, and when Tony said he was coming to him on Steve’s behalf, he truly listened to his son. Tony wanted to protect Steve, and Howard agreed with his mission.
Steve’s eyes widened and he sat forward in his seat. “You know the person behind that whole mess?”
“Whatever, Friday. Damn, how’d you get to be sassier than Jarvis?”
One of the days Steve came back from town coated in honey from a trap he didn’t expect, Maria was out front to finish balancing the books in the fresh air. She sighed, and called over the young man her son had become so captivated by, and made sure he’d come to the house after he bathed. When he did, she gave him some food, and caught up with the orphan she had grown so fond of. She apologized for her son, but before she could even offer to try to get Tony to stop, an endeavor she had been meaning to undertake for a while, even though everyone knew it was largely impossible, even for Maria, Steve assured her he enjoyed the challenges. He admitted that he had been pranking Tony back, and when Tony used Dum-E or his friend Rhodey from the town, he got Bucky to help his revenge schemes. Maria beamed when Steve admitted it was he who had rigged the sprinklers to douse Tony every time he tried to walk by. Maria knew how tricky Tony’s engineering could be, and how because usually only Howard would be able to pick apart Tony’s more determined creations, Tony had been impressed by Steve’s ingenuity. She had tried to turn a blind eye to the, now iconic, farm-wide war of mischief, but couldn’t after Tony’s attempt at retribution that would have destroyed all the pumpkins.
“What do you know?” Tony once again skipped any pleasantries and stopped in front of Sam.
Sam didn’t even know where to begin on the wrongness of that statement and when he turned to give Natasha his most skeptical look, he found her with a similar expression of disbelief. The two turned as one to share their bafflement with Steve, but he had already sunk into his signature Tony Sulk
While Steve was getting ready to jump in, royals or no royals, he was taken aback by the direct address, and surprised by the lilting accent of the northern colonies in her voice. “No, not at all. Milady.”
Scott didn’t startle when a voice came out of the walls, but it was a close thing. “I sincerely doubt Mr. Lang requires me to introduce myself again, nor do I think ‘hi’ to be a suitable form of introduction. But I will say that, Mr. Lang, it is a pleasure to formally meet you.”
I'm about to start a new year of college, so I can't promise to be super quick about updates, but I'll try!
“He’s currently in the main parlor, at work.”
"Though... Tony Stark has already given you free use of his fleet of private jets. And we have the Quinjet."
“I really don’t think a guy who purposefully releases his edgy villain name to the newspapers and television channels is avoiding attention,” Scott observed.
Steve seemed even more baffled. “Alright, Peggy. You’re completely right that it’s a team effort, as all the farm hands work diligently, and we could never have reached our current output without all of Tony’s incredible inventions. He was just working on an automatic crop harvester.”
Scott stared in awe around him, unable to find the source of the voice, and almost absently said, “Call me, Scott, please.”
Scott had been investigating the gadgets in earnest while the two were fighting, planning on breaking things to make Rumlow's arms immobile, when he found the bomb. Not just any bomb, a seriously powerful chemical bomb with an electric trigger that would have a kick effective enough to at least maim a supersoldier. Scott stared at the device, holding tight as his ride continued to fight, deciding how best to approach this.
“For the last time, I love you guys, and I trust you, but I don’t trust you not to accidentally spill the location. Some rookie super villain attacking their base of operations because I let slip where it was wouldn't exactly endear me to my new team,” Scott stared them each down in turn as he said this and Luis nodded understandingly through the tears, while Drew sulkily accepted his words. Kurt though, just looked puzzled and asked “endear? What do deer have to do with this?”
“The real Avengers, daddy?!” She was bouncing on the bed and Scott couldn’t stop the smile on his face.
“Come on, Tones, have some faith in me.”
Steve shook his head, amused and impressed. “And I’m guessing he’s the mysterious individual we want on our side?”
Bucky was a bit confused when Tony’s next question was about the bomb, but he described the explosive Steve had assembled before the Pirates descended upon them. They had been out of cannonballs, but not saltpeter or gunpowder. Tony felt an absent wave of pride that Steve remembered the recipe for a simple bomb that Tony had described years ago.
“That’s incorrect, Mr. Wilson. If a system such as I could feel something like offense, you would have offended me the second day we met,” Friday said primly.
“Um, have you met her?” Tony was tinkering around to look casual, but Bucky just rolled his eyes at how Tony couldn’t hide his stress.
Steve was negotiating with someone Natasha informed him when he asked represented the local government, so Natasha had him help clean up with the police for a little while. He had just finished fixing his third set of electrical lines that were damaged by the fray, with few to no electrical shocks delivered to his person, despite his exhaustion, when Friday politely informed Scott that James Rhodes was close and would be landing near where Natasha and Sam were currently supervising Wanda suppressing prisoners.
it’s not a problem?” Sam called into the comm.
“Sorry guys… Do I still pass the test?”
Steve seemed to remember the billionaire’s famous CEO and partner at the same time. “Oh yeah, what about Pepper? Wouldn’t you want to stick around for her?”
“As if you won’t be the one leading your technology,” Steve said with a small smile. Scott almost held his breath, wondering if he was imagining how cautious Steve sounded, and if Tony was ready to joke with the other man yet.
Bucky turned to make sure Tony saw his incredulity. “Are you kidding me? You haven’t been mean to us since… I don’t know, since those weird early days?  If anything, you’re too nice but pretend like you aren’t.”
Scott was quiet over the line as he considered that. “I suppose we could talk about the specifics of that one,” he acknowledged carefully.
It wasn’t quite telekinetic travel, but Scott had to admit super-soldier speed was a close second in terms of convenient travel. They reached the marketplace where the criminals had fled faster than you could say “Let’s get to that marketplace to catch the bad guys.”
Many thought Tony worked himself to the bone to prove without a doubt that he was greater than his father, even if his father would never admit it, which wasn’t entirely wrong. Others who knew him better would have asked if it was to make his mother proud. Rhodey figured it was a lot of things, and, as usual, his instincts were right.
They returned home.
Scott tried that shrug again. “Yeah.”
“I once again remind you that I trust your judgement on these things, and seriously doubt you’d refer someone who should still be in prison. What’d he do to get put there?” Steve’s voice was calm, open and willing to hear the story behind the act before he made a judgment.
Steve’s struggled to hide his smile. “Alright then, you’re up, Ant-Man. Get all your gear.”
“You have to come back.”
Steve continued talking to Friday while the others set about regrouping.
“You’re lying, you were always hunting him down with your lame excuses to make him spend time with you!”
“Tony, you're the one with the most extensive history with Ross, other than Bruce, and even I know he does not like to leave ‘gifted’ people alone,” Natasha put in. “Don’t you play golf with the President? Meddle. Change his mind.”
“Them, huh? So only you’re allowed to have his time?”
Scott exhaled properly for the first time since he asked the question. It made it easier to joke. “Any tips on enforcing bedtimes?”
“What did he actually say?” Sam quickly cut in before Steve could respond.
Maggie drew herself up, probably to automatically protest that Paxton could always listen to something that would affect her daughter since the fiancé would be Cassie’s father too, but Paxton easily excused himself from the room before she could. He really was a good guy, and Scott and he had come to an understanding after everything that had happened. Scott would never keep things from Paxton if it could end up hurting Cassie, and Paxton would respect Scott’s role as her father. If someone kept something from the other it was because it was personal and not something the other needed to know.
“No. He killed their general. We took their battleship, and we sailed back to the mainland with their flags replaced with white flags.”
So when he happened upon Tony in the living room, he wasn’t planning on snooping. He was just going to propose a new idea for Redwing (Sam was sick of Tasha gleefully shocking Redwing out of the sky during practice fights, and wanted to see if he could get some electricity of his own. Maybe Tony could install EMP pulses, or give Redwing shocks like Black Widow uses!) when he saw Tony bent over one of those holographic tablets he was so fond of. Sam guessed he wasn’t working in the workshop because he had come up for food or caffeine and gotten distracted. The billionaire was muttering under his breath so he didn’t hear the fellow flier’s approach, and Sam was able to catch what he was saying when he got in range to see what the genius was working on. He clearly hadn’t slept for a while, and his ramblings were the clear product of exhaustion, insomnia and a total lack of awareness for his surroundings.
“Certainly not because we learned the trait from our shared creator. Also, Mr. Stark, Ms. Potts just sent a reminder that the board wants the new specs on the next generation Starkphone and laptops on Thursday.”
While Tony grew beautiful and continuously surpassed his own intelligence, Steve had grown too. For his 17
Sam grimaced a bit. “You needed back there?”
“Cap? Is that my new nickname?” Steve’s bemusement was familiar to Tony, and he grinned.
He seemed wearier than he had been in Tony’s youth, and his barbs were rarer than ever. When Tony asked Maria what had changed, she simply said Howard had been visiting soldiers more than he used to. He was never a good father, and Maria struggled with affection, but Tony loved them, and the other young farm hands had come to see them, if not as parents, then as an aunt and uncle.
When the gym lit up at Steve’s command in brilliant blue and gold, Scott realized he was wrong to assume the gym didn’t have holograms.
"Really? Not even the side effects or the basic science?"
For example, one spring day, hardly remarkable in any way, including in how much alcohol Howard had downed, Howard slurred, “Why don’t you work like him, Tony? Maybe I should leave the boy my workshop and lands in my will, rather than leave it all to you.”
Sam opened his mouth, probably to say ‘of course,’ but he paused to consider the question seriously. “Actually, I don’t think so. Tasha, does Tony ever call Steve by his first name?”
“Don’t say you’re sorry. I don’t- I don’t know what to do with that.”
A brief flash of teeth betrayed how pleased she was. “The board didn’t have anyone else they could pretend was even near as suitable for the role as me, and yes, I’d say they were a bit shaken when I started making changes my first day in the role.”
“So Natasha defeated Wanda and is now beating Rhodey,” Sam concluded.
“One second, I think I’ve got something…” Scott motioned for one of his ants to connect a couple circuits on the side, then severing a separate cord’s connection. He typed a few last commands in, the system reacting and processing the new inputs before he destroyed one of the circuits needed for a generator and watched as the system malfunctioned. “There we go,” Scott said proudly, and scrambled out of the system, his faithful ants hot on his heels.
Dinner finished and the remains tidied up, Scott made to return to his rooms. He halted when Vision smooth voice quietly addressed him.
“Eyes on target, folks. This is the best lead we've had on Rumlow in six months. I don't want to lose him,” Steve said firmly. All the times in the past they got there late, if they made it at all.
When Scott waited for more clarification, Clint sighed when truly trying not to laugh. “Man, you pick things up quick. Tony called, though it may have been Sam’s idea originally, seems like his MO from what I hear. Anyways, I’m calling because I relate best to the… stress your situation can bring and might be able to give you some advice.” Clint waited as that sunk in for Scott.
I think that’s it for now. Thanks for all the reviews, bookmarks, and kudos!!!
The crowd grouped together according to Tony’s imperious instructions, shoulder to shoulder with Wanda and Rhodey crouching in front. (“Alright, make this classy, c’mon Wanda, you’re short, that’s a girl. And Rhodey, old man, get in the front. Hey, if you think Tasha should be in front, than you should have beaten her at Clue.”)
Scott winced. “Of course you looked up the news from when I was first convicted.”
“I bet they would help too! The technology in that place, it’s incredible-”
“Is the mayor going to let us go?”
“Good morning, Tony.”
“Have you seen the way she looks at him?”
“I don’t know why I miss him, too. He fucking hated me, and never told me a nice thing, and was bitter and a drunk and mom never smiled with him and- and- I still miss him. I love them both, and I wish I didn’t care about him-”
“Arrived at the compound. Scarlett Witch and Vision report mission success and are on their way back to base.”
“I can’t.”
If there was a tough battle the day before, they’d go to a diner the next morning, or whenever the battle was done. There’s this one diner I’ve been to in New York that makes massive sandwiches fit for a supersoldier, and I bet they’d go to a similar place. The owners and waitresses are either so used to them coming by or so generally done with their jobs that they don’t make a fuss or care that they have the Avengers in their diner.
Steve nodded supportively but Natasha gestured for him to continue. Scott pointed at himself confusedly.
He clung to the knowledge he had created the strongest shield the world had ever seen to protect him. (It was not a question that it was the single sturdiest shield on the planet. Tony had a very good idea of the weapons of war being used by all the countries, and very little could hurt Steve past that shield.)
“Me and Pepper, yeah,” Tony agreed absently, deep in thought. “If you like the guy, I don’t know why I’d refuse him. In fact, I can’t come up with a reason not to have another hero around.”
Scott felt himself smile as Steve tousled Wanda’s hair affectionately and the group milled around, waiting for Rhodey to help facilitate cleanup. “I think so.”
“This group tends to have a tiring schedule, it’s true,” Vision agreed.
When even Scott turned to Sam with a disapproving expression he flung his hands up. “It was a joke!”
don’t get in the way of them!” Sam was wheeling around perilously above Scott, while Wanda stayed close on Scott’s heels. The two of them were Scott’s only backup on his test because Natasha had experience with the sim, Steve wanted to observe the session with Tony, and not even Vision would argue his abilities bordered on cheating at times.
“What are you implying?” Hope’s gaze sharpened. “Has he cheated on her?” when she realized she was leaning in to hear, looked irritated at herself and made to leave.
“Mommy says we can’t help you when you go to fight, and you fight to protect people, so if I can’t help you, then I think the Avengers should. Cause you put us before yourself, so you should have other heroes who will do the same for you,” Cassie reasoned seriously. Scott was almost overcome with emotion when he realized how much his daughter had grown. She was already so strong and brave, and she cared so much about everyone she met. He’d sacrificed his life before, and he’d do it again to protect this child.
“Not the one responsible for causing the mess, but I do happen to know the one who was mainly responsible for fixing that disaster, and I have a way to contact him,” Sam held his phone up before Steve could ask how, and grinned.
Rhodey froze while selecting his character. “Oh man, don’t tell me you play these games too.”
“Alright, Wanda and Natasha, you'll stake out the cafe across the street from the station. I’ll be in the apartment building on the other side. Sam, watch from the rooftops. Scott…”
“But we will cover a lot of it with you, Scott. We thought we could go ahead and talk about what we’ll be announcing ahead of time, if that’s fine?” Steve interrupted as if he didn’t get them off track in the first place.
“I know. That’s not what’s keeping me.”
Steve panted out “Sam, he’s in an AFV driving north,” as Scott grabbed the shield from the ground and ran to their leader.
Tiberius faltered, surprised by the redirect to a peasant. “Er, the farming techniques of the workers? Yes, I suppose that would be pertinent… to melons.”
“It seemed the polite thing to do,” Sam grinned, to which Tony did bark out a laugh.
“That good? How do you know? Actually, how’d you even meet this guy?”
“Well, we don’t get the most news in prison, um, but my roommates and I try to stay aware of politics. Especially with Kurt's citizenship and Luis's family. When I was still looking for work, before the Pyms? I heard he was all about 'strengthening the borders' and about setting limits on how many people could enter the country.” Scott replied.
He and Bucky mourned that night too.
Through a series of complicated facial expressions, Sam had agreed to correct the first fallacy and Natasha was going to take the second one. Sam had just opened his mouth to start his (incredibly witty and brutally honest) lecture, when Friday’s voice came over the speaker and jolted Steve from his sullen brooding.
Natasha patted his shoulder and started to leave herself. “No, you don’t.”
Scott took a moment to consider if he heard bitterness in that last statement, but before he could decide Tony was responding, words sharp. “The Avengers are
Tony, for once, didn’t want to argue. He had found much better things to do.
All of Tony’s bravado collapsed instantly, and he could barely speak around the lump in his throat. “God, please don’t leave because of me, I’ll never bring it up again, it was stupid of me to even think you’d respond favorably and ignore what I said, I can handle it, I wouldn’t take out my disappointment on you-“
For one long, horrifying moment, when Steve’s brows furrowed in confusion and Wanda just stared at him blankly, Scott feared they wouldn’t find him funny. Considering much of his charm relied on the general affection he garners through his sense of humor, he was suddenly terrified none of them would want to befriend him. But before he could truly start to panic, Sam laughed and nudged Scott with his shoulder. “Public school, yeah? It wasn’t until training for active duty that I appreciated some of those terrible exercises. Not that any of these guys would know what P.E. class was like.”
Scott twisted around to meet Steve’s eyes, the team trailing after him and Sam up the stairs.
Vision nodded solemnly. “You originally committed a crime because you felt those operating within the law were doing things that were unjust.”
Of course, he also took it upon himself to make the shield Tony suggested without letting Tony participate, assuring Tony this was an undertaking too serious to allow mistakes. It was an incredible tool, and, predictably, Steve tried to refuse it when Howard gave it to him. Made out of a rare metal Howard recently received from Wakanda by way of the Prince, the engineer smelted a small bit of it with steel. He was still learning to work with the unusually strong metal, but even with the rough meld, the shield Steve was given was abnormally resilient.
“Natasha and I came up with a plan for any questions on the press panel, just you wait,” Sam said, elbowing Scott lightly and distracting him from his worries.
“Well? Why haven’t you yet?”
“Daddy! Hi!” Cassie’s usual bright cheer warmed Scott to the core.
Tony’s only true friend, in how he was able to be emotionally available to someone and have it returned, in his teenage years was James Rhodes, a hard-working son of a miller who was able to weather Tony’s defensive bursts of sarcasm to see the well-meaning humor and concern underneath. Quickly nicknamed Rhodey, Rhodey found himself accompanying Tony on any number of random adventures, not usually intentionally and never according to plan. He would seek Tony out just as often as he was sought out, usually to find the boy asleep, hunched over a new sketch or contraption, hiding with Dum-e after a nasty fight with his father, or perched imperiously somewhere next to where Steve was hard at work, nonplussed and amused by Tony’s pointed comments interspersed alongside his ramblings. (Rhodey left when he came upon the latter likelihood.) Rhodey would have whined about Tony’s schemes, but he loved the prank war too. Bucky and Rhodey, one of the few times they saw the other unaccompanied by their respective best friends, discussed it, and decided it best to stay out of the war unless both of them were involved, before agreeing that both of their friends were morons.
Hope's glare was withering. “Why should I care?”
“I came across a case labeled ‘Danger’ with a vial missing from is,” Steve explained.
“Maybe I will. Let me know if you need to talk with an actual adult about this stuff again.”
“She’s nothing. All jealous people like to come up with excuses to be mad.”
“It’s not a big deal, I had already finished my presentation and had been on my way out when the call came in. And then I was just loitering stateside.”
first for me.”
Sam really didn’t mean to see it. Despite what some might claim, (Natasha, which is really rich coming from a spy) Sam is not a deliberately nosy person. He’s just perceptive and has a talent for reading others. It’s what makes him a good soldier and also what made him a good counselor. Not to mention that Sam is a patient person, which came in handy when working with people who had traumas as deep and painful as Steve or Natasha. People who lived with pain as long as this group were reluctant to give those stories up, but Sam could wait until they cracked, and then help them cope.
Hiring the perfect person turned out to be a challenge. They were plenty of wholly competent choices, sure, but none of them measured up to Steve in Tony's eyes, which really doomed any chance of him finding someone normally.
“So that’s what we forgot to ask Scott about,” Natasha said musingly before snagging one of the ropes left over from Rhodey’s challenge and swinging out of the way of the onslaught.
Scott blinked, mentally connecting the billionaire’s words to a favorite movie of his daughter, and was not disappointed when Vision was also confused. “Sam and Natasha are neither particularly nervous or pained.”
<><><><><><><><><><>
“Means our guy doesn't care about being seen.”
“Not to my face. Why? Did you hear something?”
“No objections?” Sam asked cautiously.
He stopped short when he saw the man investigating his catapult. “Anthony Stark?”
“Get what? This isn’t about diligence-” Steve’s frustration was evident and tinged with bafflement. “Are you running away?!”
“You offended Friday,” Steve said faux-quietly to Scott, who looked like he wanted to stay affronted but only felt abashed.
But Steve was stubborn, so blindingly determined and obstinate at times that he even outmatched Tony’s bullheaded tenacity. When working the fields and tending the animals, Steve would carry on until he collapsed, whether in the peak heat of the summer or the deadening cold of the winter. He had to be forced into bed whenever he got sick, and it took leaving someone to watch the door to prevent him from running off and getting worse. (They all learned the mistake of listening to Steve’s assessment of his health around the age 12, when he hid a cold and quickly contracted a nasty bout of bronchitis that almost killed him.)
Sam’s exclaimed “Are you sure?” overlapped a bit with Natasha’s statement. “I recovered the vial, I can come help others now.”
Silence from Tony, but he didn't make a move to leave.
“Sure...” Maggie could obviously tell something was up, but she mercifully chose not to ask more questions. He was incredibly grateful for that in this moment, and the relief increased tenfold when he heard “Honey, it’s your father,” in the background.
When Sam announced that the two guys he took down didn’t have the biological weapon Scott recalled he could address his team. “Um, guys?”
Scott tried to conjure a smile. “Thanks, Friday.”
“Fine fine,” Tony grumbled, not quite able to seem put out. “Friday, get a shot of us?” He quickly took a pose kneeling with half-sarcastic peace signs in between Wanda and Rhodey.
A few days after Steve had managed to talk to Tony, the young man returned to the fields like nothing had happened. The staff gave Tony their condolences in the only way he would accept: quietly. Tony received gentle contact in the form of hands on his shoulders or one-armed hugs, and heard warm words about how they were all happy to see him.
“Yeah, and we both know she’s fucking great. She isn’t a snob or callous like the rest, Tony.”
When he heard the knock at his door, he took a few moments, pulling air greedily into his lungs and grabbing a shirt to wipe of the evidence of his heartbreak off his face. When he felt like he had a tentative grasp of his emotions, (and wasn’t that usually the best he could do), he swung open the door and lounged against the door frame. “Oh, Steve. I feel like we just spoke.”
“Oh Tony, I know she was proud of you,” Steve cut into the broken ramblings. “She talked about you all the time with so much gladness, and she bragged to everyone about you. And I know you made her smile because I’ve seen it. She loves you.”
“I think you need to put your money where your mouth is, Stark, and prove that genius title isn't for show. Make it happen.”
The two managed not to get roasted by the explosion, and dragged themselves up. “You okay?” Scott asked Natasha, who nodded sharply before rushing back to her bike. Scott flinched when he heard more explosions and turned to see Crossbones firing grenades at the building and what was probably Steve.
Tony finally looked away from the horizon. He almost wanted to cry when he looked in Steve’s eyes. They returned after sunset.
Before Scott could protest that he really shouldn't, Sam got his results back from the scan and frowned.
Scott ducked away from the crowds, hiding behind one of the busted stalls, his knees almost giving out in relief when Maggie picked up her phone. “Hi Scott, this is odd timing, I just picked up Cassie from school. They had a half day today. Are you okay?”
“Oh, hey Scott, meet a common face for the Avengers,” Tony gestured Scott over.
“Nonono, you are not taking credit for him, I brought him around,” Sam sharply asserted while Scott beamed.
Sam figured he could help him out. “What do you say we let Scott clean up or temporarily take a break on doing… whatever it is he’s doing, and all get some food? We can talk then.” The group was more than happy to take Sam’s obvious cue to leave and get grub. Even Vision, who didn’t need to eat, trailed after the group.
Sam walked by Scott to try to mess up Tony’s hair, while Natasha jabbed him in the side to try to take his sunglasses. “What the- stop- NO, you are not allowed to team up against me, I’m trying to
“This reminds me of some TV show where people fall off logs while trying to finish a course as fast as possible,” Scott commented absently while sizing up his next obstacle.
don’t be ridiculous. Like the farm boy would appreciate the workshop like I do.” Tony was admittedly never difficult to prod into a fight with his father.
“My mother teaches me on Sundays, she’d be happy to make time for you.”
“She looked confused but not angry, and was vaguely concerned. But when she called again, she resumed the conversation, so it must have been a temporary problem. When she was distracted by her phone, she almost stepped on someone’s dog. Subject 3 was watching a man in the square intently, eventually slipping through the crowd until she purposefully bumped into him while making it look like an accident. She stole his watch and phone, while simultaneously ingratiating herself to him by helping him gather his belongings. After the encounter, she avoided the local police, petted the dog subject 2 almost stepped on, and made her way into one of the stores.”
Scott gasped. “That’s so great, oh my god! You know I want to still help, right? Let me know at any time, when do we start?”
Scott sighed and silently cursed the traitorous thought. He regretted a lot of things he’s done, but some of the only things he’s proud of were done out of a desire to do the right thing. If he fucked himself over in the process, well that’s on him. Doesn’t mean that joining such a public group didn’t make him nervous.
“Not even a hello? Come on Stark, you haven’t been around in ages, not even to train. Vision’s been lonely.” Sam faked hurt but Stark wasn’t apparently in the mood.
Tony slammed a wrench on the table and Dummy skittered away. “Well, she’s either giving him false hope or planning to take him away from m- us.”
Steve observed this while he walked back to Sam and Scott and spoke into his comm. “Status update, Friday?”
Sam made a move to follow the lightly bickering friends. “You going to come train with us?”
“Tony, I’m just gracious you do so much for us, and… you were the one who wanted to retire, I hate to pull you away from everything else!”
“He really is. Don’t let him down Scott, join up!”
“Of course she is! It just doesn’t seem like… she likes to be here much,” Steve grappled with his words before he finished somewhat lamely.
“Just go for it! I believe in you” Scott cut her off urgently. She nodded solemnly. Wanda had a determined look on her face as she slowed down slightly to better focus on protecting them from falling debris and smog.
Sam nudged him forward. “Well, go for it. Wanda and I’ll guard out here. I think they added a bunch of minions to attack us.”
The workshop smelled of despair, alcohol spilled on the floor and Tony curled up in the corner next to Dum, looking like he had not bathed since he received the news.
She smiled slowly. “Indeed.”
Steve acknowledged the report with a nod. “Good job, guys. We’ll all debrief over dinner or something, but I think we’ve earned a break. We’ll discuss your fight later.”
“And Tony?”
The next day, before Scott called Sam, he went to talk to Hank. It was probably wise to tell the scientist responsible for giving him the suit what he planned to use the tech for.
They were both blushing horribly, and Tony embarrassedly made for the bags still strapped to Dummy’s back. “I have a gift for you, to keep you safe.”
“I’m not leaving because of what you said, but because I wish to make my fortune in Genosha.”
Scott grinned at the version of an expression Maggie liked to use coming from his daughter. “I see.”
“But what are you doing?”
“What part of this aren’t you understanding? You don’t get to decline. Back me up here, Steve.”
“I'm sorry to ask, but… why do you all seem to trust me so quickly? I cant have made that great of an impression.”
“And the pirate?” When they all turned to stare at him as one, Scott realized with growing horror that he forgot that that was a joking nickname for the international terrorist. “I mean, what’s going to happen to, um, what was his name again, um, Rumlaw?”
“You… For years?”
It was only after Scott had bid everyone goodnight and finished his nightly rituals that he really paused to let the day sink in, sitting heavily on his bed while he did so. He responded amusedly to a few texts from his friends before typing in Maggie’s phone number.
He cut himself off. Sam held his breath, frozen and terrified of breaking the fragile quiet in the room. He knew that Tony would be mortified if he saw Sam there.
"Tony, kid, Tony. I'm not even old yet."
“Tell your daughter we'll try to do right by you,” Steve said earnestly.
“How do you know he got a biological agent already? I guess it wouldn't be hard to find something in a disease institute,” Scott mused out loud.
When Scott got back to the compound, he debated the merits of collapsing on the communal couch for a post breakfast nap, before deciding he was too restless. Scott snooped when he was on edge, as if on instinct. Maybe it was, as Dave had once said that when he felt nervous before a job, he would do a workup on his car. For Scott, there was nothing that settled him like ferreting out information. Running through blueprints or computer defenses is just another way his uneasiness works itself out of his system, especially when he was in an unfamiliar or confusing situation. Recent events had put a lot on his mind, and besides, he still had a standing challenge to hack the Avengers servers.
“But then-”
“Wilson, I already told you, that EMP would short out Redwing every time you use it,” Tony Stark forwent any sort of greeting when he picked up Sam’s call on the third ring, and Sam didn’t bother trying to stop the smirk that overtook his face.
The day Anthony turned 5, the most beautiful person in the world was an assassin and an agent of a kingdom to the west. Wade Wilson grew up in the slums outside the castle, and would be hated by many, but truly understood by few. He was resented, envied, despised, lusted after… But he only cared for one other person, who he was blessed to find loved him the same. Their feelings for each other were blinding in their purity and passion, and he delighted in his partner even while they lived dangerous lives hiding from enemies and living in squalor. But his appearance was devastated after being captured and tortured by foes after a supposed ally made a deal to have Wade killed. The chemical scarring and terrible burns inflicted on him in his captivity disfigured him completely, and much of his sanity was lost from the pain of the experience. Yet despite his blemished skin, the love of his life remained by his side, and, while he complained incessantly, he was hard-pressed to say he had truly lost anything of value when he had her love.
Scott released his hold at the same time Sam released Steve to dive-bomb the assailants.
“Something like that. It’ll make it a lot harder for him to move now.”
Wanda deigned to lift her head at the query. “First stage of preparing dinner. Everything is cooking.”
“You will always have a home with me,” Tony said.
“But… What about Bucky?”
“How do you know the call dropped?”
He started to respond to a message from Hope and Hank. After a snarky couple of compliments on his ability to attract attention, Hope suggested they get coffee the next day as she would be in New York for some meetings. Hank's messages were predictably critical. (Scott privately hoped he was right in seeing some mixed approval of his performance mixed with the commentary.)
“Communication skills aren’t really within my purview,” Tony said drily.
Clash after clash at war, and the Genoshan forces requested Steve and Bucky join a special force to destroy the battleship of Red Skull rumored to have technological parts key to new weapons for their army. Steve and Bucky succeeded in their mission, and Steve himself defeated Red Skull, before the monster killed himself.
Steve found Tony halfway inside the crop sorter’s central control nexus, arms coated with oil and hair the unruly mess it always reached by the end of a day sent outside or at work.
When Scott started getting nervous though, Tony jumped in to assure him.
Steve matched the predatory smile. “Better you than me.”
“Happy to meet you!” Scott said.
She nodded, before turning her attention back to where Wanda had imperiously taken over doing the dishes, despite Scott’s protests.
“Um, why should I, Wilson?” Stark was clearly joking, so it was that much more satisfying when Sam responded seriously.
“That is very important.”
When Sam made to leave Steve added in a quietly pleased voice, “I’m glad you’re recruiting someone new.”
“You have a point, Scott,” Friday said.
“With all the perks,” Tony added.
Steve was failing to hide his grin in his laughable attempts to regain control of the situation, while Sam and Natasha cornered Tony behind the fearless leader. Steve raised placating hands when the two pushed closer, and Tony peered over Steve’s shoulder, brandishing a piece of tech Scott could only assume was a phone.
The group trailed after Tony who was closely followed by Steve who were all followed by the still appraising Rumiko, the ambitious Tiberius, and the careful consideration of Peggy.
Steve smiled a bit. “That’s probably for the best if he wants to be an Avenger. That reminds me. I can’t believe that in your entire opening argument you left out the fact that he can change his size and talk to bugs. Or that he worked for someone else.”
“I would appreciate if you explained what you were doing here,” Sam said with a significant look at the remains around them. The sheepish look was back as Scott took in the aftermath of his meddling. “It’s kinda hard to explain. Friday, what exactly should I say here..?”
Steve frowned. “Should I go and ask him for you?”
“I am Count Tiberius Stone. This is my wife, Rumiko, and Countess Margaret Carter, head of my retinue.”
“Right, of course.” Pyms were always so testy.
They had long ago gravitated into each other’s space, alone in Tony’s room. Steve swayed forward as if pulled, and Tony felt a surge of courage.
Tony was in love with Steve, and couldn’t bear the thought of losing him.
Late in his teens, Steve hit enough of a growth spurt that he was taller than Tony and Bucky, much to both of their chagrin, and he was certainly less likely to pass out in the fields. Defending anyone who was wronged made him a savvy fighter, and while he was still uncomfortable in himself and lanky, it was generally agreed to by the people who talked about this sort of thing that Steve could still grow into his limbs. But his heart was maybe the most appealing thing of all, and was obvious to all who met him. He was courageous generous, and had the uncanny ability to bring the best out of the people he met. Many would argue Steve could still go up the rankings, and had clear potential beyond how naturally handsome he was. His pale hair and bright blue eyes were quite rare, and he had strong features, from sharp cheekbones to a lovely jawline. He was far less sickly then he had been, and how hard he worked every day was obvious in his lean physique.
Rumiko was still atwitter at the specimens she saw on the farm, including a brunette with sharp eyes among the farmhands when they left, (Bucky was no slouch in any department.)
to try it.
Though his heart warmed a bit at the offer, he shook his head. “Thanks Vision, but I have to call my daughter before it gets too late. She has an early bedtime.”
Um, I started this chapter before Ant-man and the Wasp. So that happened, I made changes… And the semester hit me hard. Now it’s the tail end of another miserable semester and Endgame shook me to my very soul, so I’m back! (How about that movie, amiritie? I'm totally fine after that. Not still bleeding internally.) I’ll be done for the summer in a few weeks, which should lead to an actual update schedule.
Steve shot Sam an incredibly disapproving look when he heard that.
“Stop trying to health food us all to death, we all know Loki will bring about our demises far before our time anyways. Jesus, why do you hate butter- stop trying to feed me broccoli, you monster.”
You just
“Subject 1 drank two coffees, spilled some on his sleeve, and tipped the waitress poorly. When he left he went out of his way to avoid an individual in the crowd who seemed to be around the same age of him. Probably an acquaintance from school? Subject 2 talked on her phone for near the entirety of the simulation, only stopping when the call was dropped.”
Friday processed this before responding. “If I may, Scott, I would like to remind you that this cereal was already in the building, and is a permanent item on the grocery list.”
She gave him a long, skeptical look, and he shifted uncomfortably from his place at the end of the table. She sighed, and waved him to a seat. “Do you want some tea or anything? Decaf coffee? It’s a little late to give you anything with caffeine.”
"Look, Peter. I’m impressed by the power you managed to pack in such a small catapult. You have a knack for this, and I can help you get better while you work for me. Maybe show you how to get a quicker release time and improve the range, just off the top of my head. It's a simple farm job, lodging on the farm, and a ton of it is automated, so you can learn how to take care of all the machines."
The day Anthony Edward Stark was born, the most beautiful person on the earth was a warrior queen of Africa called Ororo. She was said to influence the weather when she fought and would charge across battlefields like a storm personified. Her beauty and might were unrivaled in the land, and many sought her hand in marriage. But Ororo chose not to wait passively for a proposal, approaching and eventually marrying another leader of great power and influence, himself beloved and well known for both his own formidable fighting style, passed down through the generations, like that of a panther, and his unshakeable love for his people. He was one of the most intelligent beings on the planets, surpassed only by his very sister, Shuri, who helped bring their kingdom to a level of greatness few civilizations could hope to reach. She revolutionized the infrastructure of their territories, inventing technologies that secured the might and prominence of their lands for centuries to come. The combined might of the leaders and the brilliance of the scientist brought a golden era to the region, and both King T’Challa the Wise and Queen Ororo the Mighty lived many splendid days together in their palace in the trees.
The next chapter should be up much faster, seeing as it's going to be about Lagos and is already mostly typed up for me.
Yeah, Hydra really sucks.
“Oh, just call me Tony-” He almost choked when Jarvis jabbed him in the side, but covered it in a cough. “Please call me Tony, milord and milady,” The words were barely sincere, but since the royal procession was still shocked by the presence of the two unlikely humans, they didn’t notice. “How may I assist servants to the king on such an… auspicious day?” Steve struggled to keep from laughing at the sharp look Jarvis kept pinned on his godson, and at Tony’s feigned ignorance to it.
Tony pushed himself to every limit because he couldn’t bear thinking about Steve being in danger. Every moment had to have something to distract him, because otherwise his mind was a prison of worry. He was driven by a need to create, to grow, to become so good at what he did, that Steve would not be disappointed when he returned. Tony was impressive, but had to become even more so. Steve was making his way in the world for them and he couldn’t stay stagnant.
“I may have left right before a very important meeting with very important and easily offended people,” Tony said grimly and pulled a face. “Pepper won’t be happy.”
Sam held up his phone with the email pulled up on it. “About to send you the file on him I compiled.”
“Maybe Sam’s right, dodgeball isn’t so bad.”
Turns out the young people who had struck up conversation with Natasha while she stood watch over the prisoners were Wakandans doing service work in the region. Lovely group of people, all of them, several of them quite interested in computers and programming. Scott had a delightful time talking about computer science with them while they waited for Rhodey to fly in.  Turns out Wakandans had several programming languages completely unique to their country, but learned the most common languages internationally during their schooling as well.
Natasha looked thoughtful. “Late enough that the employees would be headed home for the day, and a peak time for traffic.”
“I am way too smart and way too busy to put up with your disrespect,” Tony grumbled, but Sam knew the billionaire was grinning too. “I make you a hyper-advanced falcon robot and all you do is try to make it ‘better,’ and yes Wilson, I did add air quotes around better.”
Sorry I didn’t write more for the party, I had a bunch of banter and distractions everywhere else in the chapter, and considering the fact I have had the conversation between Steve and Tony written for literal months, (my beta (dontcallmeking) claims its been years since I first planned this convo,) I was anxious to get this chapter published.
A thought popped into Tony’s head, He hasn’t opened his eyes so he clearly doesn’t want to talk to me.
“How’d you know that I would come?”
——————
Later that night, Tony lay next to Steve in his king size bed with their fingers interlinked until Tony wanted to sign. The soldier looked across at him.
An accented voice replied, “Captain Rogers. It’s not what do I need but more, what do you need?”
Tony sighed but that is pretty much what it felt like. Mr non-commitment being asked to commit. He just wasn’t programmed for it.
And as though that sealed the deal and was proof to his capabilities, the director nodded and called up the other Avengers over the comms. As the man did so, Barton grinned across at Steve who nodded back gently in a controlled motion. The spy could honestly be an excitable puppy sometimes.
The doctor flushed and nodded before jogging back off to join the others. Bruce glanced back to gain another look as he began running in the opposite direction; his curiosity was similar to Stark’s in its scientific nature. However, Steve was silently pleased he didn’t have any more of an audience with his malfunctioning leg.
Tony stood and nodded in response. Rogers came close to him and rested a gentle touch against his lower arm and a smile grew on his lips. The cop was looking down at the contact in confusion until he looked up into the blue eyes and his heart skipped a beat. Back at the office they often played games about who had arrested the most attractive criminal and Tony knew that the day he got the mob boss would be the day he would win and would never be beaten.
Steve shrugged, “At least we can say that the feeling was mutual.”
“If he gets hurt because of you I will not hesitate to kill you.” She murmured as the car pulled away.
Doctor Wright was passing through the crowd quickly as if looking for someone. His wife: he overheard the older man asking a group if they’d seen her. A perfect opportunity for Steve to swoop in. With one last tap of his pocket to ensure he had the liquid, he marched towards the host, pulling a panicked look upon his face. He needed to get the man out of the public space before the man's goons noticed and followed.
He could hear a groan escape from his lips without him being aware he made it. Some of the stretcher barers bent down to be closer to his head and one of them murmured,
Tony frowned and blinked rapid, was that some sort of admittance?
“You’ve been in a coma for 2 weeks after your surgery caused an infection in your... leg. You’re body is weak and without help you could easily die. We both know your real track record when it comes to health isn’t the best.” The man informed him easily.
“If you would take your job seriously then neither of us would be in this position of me babysitting you in the first place!” Growling, he managed to enunciate through gritted teeth.
"Eh, with you moving up in the world why would you come visiting a little nobody like me?" Steve joked again, chuckling.
Grasping his side, the soldier stood up and signed to Stark,
Clint licked his lower lip as if forcing himself to take the time to breath and not snap back, "I'll send him a reminder."
“You can’t sleep either?” The shorter man broke out. His heart speed up slightly as he awaited a response.
“Seems we're at an impasse. What are we going to do about it?” Steve squared up.
He nodded despite his brain barely taking in her words. Her brief visit ended quickly as another patient called out to her in pain. It would have been a perfect time for him to reflect on the surgery but drugs were still pounding around his system so he hadn’t quite realised that he was now an amputee. Besides, the drugs eased him into a fitful sleep after only a few more heartbeats anyway.
Without hesitation, Romanov slapped the newspaper down on the table with a grunt of perfect disapproval. His eyes quickly scanned the title.
The knock on the cold metal echoed inside but he didn’t get a chance to consider the sound as the door was suddenly swung open to reveal a slim, red headed woman. Natasha Romanoff: she had also made several appearances in his case files but Stark could never pin her down or figure her out. What was she to Rogers? What did she do in the organization that he ran?
If anyone were to ask him how long he was stood there watching his teammate he would have lied since it was embarrassingly long. Eventually, with a roll of the eyes, he dragged himself into the kitchen again and poured two mugs of herbal tea and fetched a cold press for the other man. Tony hoped that nobody was watching one of his soppier moments.
Steve sighed and rested his head against the back of the couch before rolling it to the side so he could look his friend in the eye, “Genuinely, I don’t know. I’ve been ignoring my feelings for this guy for so long that I don’t really want to ask him what this is in case I scare him off. It feels too good to be true.”
“I don’t need anything.” It came as an automatic response to the man. The accent twisted a slight sense of anxiety into Steve’s stomach and the sudden idea of him being assassinated by the enemy popped into his head. He swallowed thickly.
Steve kissed him back, his hand resting in his husband’s cheek and they knew they’d be happy.
Righting himself, Stark shrugged, “You could have just told me that you wanted to take it slow.”
Tony sighed, pushing back against the table, "Barton?"
“Ah, detective Rogers. I’ve got the case set up on the board, if you’re ready?” Tony said with a raised eyebrow as the other man approached him. There was a couple of seconds of them just peering at each other with a slight disdain before the other man responded.
--------
He fell back against his couch and winced as the stitches berated him for his sudden movement and so carelessly too. He breathed through the sudden stab of pain and instead grabbed for an old case file that he’d managed to wrangle from Captain Fury’s reluctant hands. He flicked through the folded and rumpled pages, many marked with dark brown rings, and sighed at his state of utter inactivity. He was a giant blob of useless energy; he couldn’t work, get out or head to the gym. Even the slight movement he could achieve was scolded by the bite of his healing wound. He dropped his head against the back of the couch and permitted himself to waste some of his overly-abundant time by peering up at the smooth white of his ceiling.
“I suppose...” He bit his lip as he pondered. He opened his mouth to continue. He wanted to tell Clint of all the good times together. Of how Steve would often wake up early and bring Tony his favourite coffee back from his morning runs or how when they were arguing over which film to watch Steve turned the light off so he ‘
Natasha nodded and peered at the man. She then turned to Clint with a slight smirk on her lips, "Your Captain is a genius. Not a single wound."
“Hi, just the usual. Black Americano. Thanks.” The man has placed his order and handed the cash (who still used cash?) across without even looking up at the barista, clearly absorbed in some other thoughts.
During the weeks, he had been learning to walk on a prosthetic leg which turned out to be more difficult than it appeared. He fell several times everyday and had even broken a metal leg during one particularly bad tumble.
He huffed a laugh, "I'm running from a murder. I'm sure she'd make allowances." She definitely wouldn't agree with him being the one doing the murdering especially with her good old American sensibilities but he tried not to dwell.
“Wait! Is that a break up?” He shouted after the man, raising his voice to ensure the leaving man could still hear him. His arch-nemesis just addressed him by his name and he wasn’t about to let that be ignored, “I’ll just set my Facebook profile to ‘it’s complicated’! ... Yeah? Steve?” It was only when he turned to get into the car that he realised he’d driven them both there, “Do you not want a lift?” After a few moments of silence he murmured to himself, “Okay, a clean break. I totally get it.”
1943 -
Visor rising, Tony didn’t waste any time, “What’s wrong?” Although he hated to admit it, Steve was one of their strongest team members and they needed him in order to function as a team.
They bid their farewells and headed off in their different directions with identical bags in their grasps. The doctor hadn't asked Steve's name as he had predicted. Nobody ever wanted to admit they didn't know who the other man was. He’d bet his life on that fact more than once.
“Is it okay if I kiss you or... where are your boundaries?” Tony asked hesitantly. He didn’t want to fuck this up.
Steve Rogers was completely naked, fine droplets of water were still on his broad shoulders from his shower. Hair damp and perky butt on display, the man looked unbelievably model like. The soldier was using crutches, Tony couldn’t imagine where he’d been keeping them, but as he was putting a large amount of weight on them the muscles in the backs of his arms bulged nicely. Tony’s jaw fell open at the sight. He’d refused to allow Steve to take up any space in his brain until last night so he’d never had a chance to fantasise over the man’s adonis like body. From that distance he couldn’t quite see the faded scars that littered his side and back. The super soldier was rifling through some drawers in search for some fresh clothes.
Erskine shrugged, “Honestly, I can’t tell what it’ll do. It may come back but it may not. Are you willing to wear an advanced prosthetic on the battlefield, just in case?”
Steve noticed and laughed, "Is that a reference that I don't know about?"
Tony pulled the microphone toward himself and sang, with a much nicer voice than Steve's, "Yes, I like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain. I'm not much into health food, I am into champagne. I've got to meet you by tomorrow noon, and cut through all this red tape. At a bar called O'Malley's, where we'll plan our escape." The soldier laughed at Tony's confidence and how well he knew the words.
“D’you think Captain Fury was serious when he said we are the team’s best detectives?” His voice was low and tense. The opinion of his Captain had always meant a lot to him; a habit which had stuck from his military days.  It didn’t help that he was hoping to become a Captain someday too.
“How... What...” The usually smooth Captain stumbled speechless. Cranberry red inched up his neck.
“Whatever?” Clint squinted at him, “Ah, I see. You haven’t gotten a piece yet.”
