Cas nodded, and bit his lip, “I’m sorry, Dean, about what he put you through. I’m sorry it’s made you so scared. You are the bravest, and most beautiful person I know. And I know you don’t want to hear that from me or anyone, but that’s the truth.”
“I don’t understand your fixation on your bedspread,” Castiel said, carefully putting down his small suitcase.
“I’ll take care of you,” Dean said, pushing the sweaty hair off of Cas’s forehead, kissing along his brow.
Ash cleared his throat, “As I was saying, in the back of this very RV we are close to nullifying the very Croatoan virus which currently ravishes our very wonderful planet.”
“Castiel, while I do not approve of your deceitfulness, you are growing, and I cannot shield you from the world any longer.”
“I’m sure I would,” Cas said, his body a languid puddle on the barn floor. They’d taken some of their winter wool blankets and stashed them in the barn, alongside their weed, and some comic books borrowed from Charlie. Cas wrapped himself in one now, carefully rubbing his hand on the rough fabric.
Dean flopped back down, “You got a scholarship too Cas, she can’t tell you what to do all the time.”
Claire breathed out, and if it weren’t for the relief etched on her face, Cas would have followed through on his plan to just sneak around the back of the hot box. Just as Cas was turning to leave, Jess ran up to where they were standing.
“The audio-visual club. I worry that a media based club won’t appeal to her, considering her feelings on most media, but I will frame it as a skill building endeavor,” Cas said.
Castiel didn’t do much fighting anymore. Charlie liked to tell him that in another life, he would have been the perfect soldier if it wasn’t for his leg, but only when she was drunk. He didn’t begrudge her for it. As is, Castiel managed fine with his hip, to the point where he forgot about it often, except for mornings like this.
Dean got up, suddenly dizzy. He hadn’t told the whole story to anyone since Bobby that first time, and he felt bone tired. He was too tired to change for bed, just kicking off his boots and jeans before slipping under the sheets. Too tired to feign anger and shock when Cas slipped into bed next to him.
“We need maximum options for sitting. This is a 9 and a half hour endeavor. I’ve pre-ordered pizza to arrive just as Sam begs Frodo to follow him to Mordor, which should last us through twin towers. And Dad knows that the sounds of the Smeagol and Deagol fight by heart now, so that’s when he’ll slap some burgers on the stove. Get comfy!” Charlie jumped into the end of the couch, leaving Cas to sit in between them.
“How does your mom expect us to finish this in a day? There’s like, years of stuff crammed down here,” Dean grumbled, calling over to Cas, who ignored him.
Cas stared at the  cracked wood ceiling. His hip acted up the most in the morning, and Castiel was having trouble willing himself to at least roll over. He fingered the coarse sheets beneath him, on the bed which hadn’t been ‘Dean’s bed’ for a long time. There had been a silent agreement between them, Sam doing his best to bury Dean’s memory, and Cas wishing to wallow in it. The switch had done both of them good, perhaps.
“And you know that I’m not going home without you,” Cas didn’t need to cross his arms to make his point. Dean already knew he had lost.
By the time Cas snuck back in, Dean was showered and too tired to tease him about his midnight rendezvous. Even if Cas was getting some, it shouldn’t distract Dean from his goal of getting with Lisa, even if it was embarrassing to think his weird step brother had more game than him.
In nine months, Castiel himself had filled out. Regular meals doing wonders for the young man’s health, not to mention that he was no longer running for his life every second of the day. His hair was as unruly as ever, and something had to be done about the scraggly beard beginning to grow on his face.
Lisa moved at the end of June. They didn’t pretend that they would try to make it work long distance.
Cas and Dean watched from the roof of their cabin as the citizens of the camp lined up for the vaccine in the center pit. There was an electric atmosphere bubbling over, and Cas felt his chest drum with excitement. The past few weeks with Dean hadn’t felt real. His dream, their dream, was finally coming true.
Now he’s handed the keys to his own destruction to Dean. And he’s hurt Meg in her time of need, if her curses as he fled the apartment were any indication of her feelings. Dean didn’t speak for the rest of the night, the two boys getting ready for bed in silence.
Dean didn’t know how long they stayed like that, but when he finally went back to his bed his knees were aching.
Two days before New Years, Charlie invited Cas over for a Lord of the Rings marathon, and after some pointed pondering, Naomi allowed Cas out for the day. And Cas was too slow to stop Dean from following. Dean knew he was in for some nerd shit, but he was lonely as shit, and he was too scared to text Gordon or Lisa. He was pretty sure her family went out of town for the holidays anyway.
Dean leaned back, taking in Cas’s flushed face and chest, his eyes shut with exhaustion before palming himself over his underwear. He was ready to come in his hand and call it a day when Cas opened his eyes.
Cas hurried in behind her, nearly tripping down the long flight of midnight black steps, which twisted their way downwards. He turned around to see Bobby and Ash slowly hauling a thick steel trunk towards the door, with Jo trailing casually behind.
“I’m sure you didn’t do it on purpose. You’re too kind for that,” Dean said, “Uh, not to sound like a girl.”
“Good,” Gordon said with a nod, “And underclassmen have to bring a beer offering, just so you know.”
Cas tried to raise himself up to full height, Claire herself squaring up. He could hear Sam and Charlie’s voices yelling from within, and he started toward the door when the hotbox door quietly swung open.
Dean dragged Cas away whenever he could, if only to spend more time with Charlie, who at least got what Cas was going through. Dean would even take up Naomi’s bedside patrol to give Cas a few hours reprieve, though the other boy never seemed truly rested after his time at the Bradburys, looking more wan by the day, as if he were the one who was sick. He always got more withdrawn, pulling back every time Dean got close.
The Croats seemed to only have a taste for human flesh. After the cities fell, animal life seemed to flourish.
Dean felt dozens of eyes on him, shame rooting him to the spot. He couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, he wanted to melt into the floor, he wanted to-
Dean would tell Sammy, if they ever got down to Sonny’s camp, deep in Bumblefuck, Texas, that Dad must have been delayed meeting them. In the meantime, Dean thought of the correctional camp’s high barbed fences. Its proximity to running water. Its semi-functional cabins.
Cas crawled into his tent, and Dean walked away, feeling lighter. He was even able to turn a deaf ear to the shouted, “Fuck you!” that came from across the way, which he knew must have come from Risa’s cabin. If he was able to make people like Cas feel safe, well, he couldn't be all that bad.
“Come on, let’s go explore the house,” she said with a wink, and Dean let her lead him upstairs. He could sense Cas following them, but Lisa didn’t say anything, so he wouldn’t either. Cas could stalk him all he wanted, Lisa Braeden was holding his hand.
They found Benny defending his restaurant, and after the best meal Dean had ever had, they brought him along to.
“Shit Cas, will you ever give the Jesus thing a rest?” Dean said, rolling his eyes, just as Lisa laughed off Cas’s comment.
“As much as I would see you attend a Christian University, even I can admit that their curricula can be lacking. I want you to achieve material success so you can better spread the Lord’s message,” Naomi said, a smile ghosting across her lips, “and you’ll be a mere hour away.”
Cas whipped around, his body blocking the fucking entrance to the school, and stuck his finger in Dean’s face.
Somehow, Dean had managed to ignore the barrage of banners, party planners, and promposals. Damn, what if Cas had wanted to go to prom? Like they couldn’t go together, obviously, but the kid deserves a night out. Or something more than dry humping in a dusty old barn.
There were two ways to kill a Croat, bullet straight to the brain, or fire. The infection had a sort of ripening effect upon the body. A day old Croat still looked like a person, a week old Croat looked like a rotten corpse. Good thing about it, as soon as the head, the control center for the monster, was compromised, the entire body loses any animation. A dead Croat looked more like a pile of rags than a corpse, which made mowing down a group that much easier.
“I’m sorry that your father was not good to you, but that has little to do with my mother,” Castiel said.
It was a hot day in July, and Dean tried to keep his hips still, but Cas’s hot mouth was around him, clumsy hands working what his mouth couldn’t cover. Dean gasped, clutching at the straw, looking at the rafters, anything but his cock disappearing into Cas’s wet mouth. Cas pulled off, suckling at the swollen head, before popping off.
Exhausted from moving boxes, Dean fell asleep right away, not even bothering to brush his teeth. That night he dreamed he was back in his real house. He wandered down the stairs, fingers dragging along the bannister, and there was Mary in the kitchen, pulling a pie out of the oven in a white ceramic dish with handpainted flowers. Dean remembers painting those flowers on together, though they turned out smudgy, Mary said she loved them anyway.
The  January air nipped at his ears, but Castiel felt red hot as he trailed behind Charlie as she chattered about the latest comic book series she was invested in.
Castiel carefully put the portrait down, and made his way to the table. He can’t say he hasn’t been expecting this-- Naomi had been unusually permissive since she relented at Christmas, and after tugging at his proverbial leash, he knew it was time to be reigned in.
Dean couldn’t tell if Cas was joking or not. Half the time he was sure the other kid was messing with him, but in the dark he couldn’t tell if it was a smirk on Cas’s mouth.
feelings towards the teen. And this morning, when Dean had taught him how to shave, that was something brothers do for each other, and no amount of imagination on Castiel’s part would be able to change the nature of that relationship.
“Winchester, where’d you pick up your shadow?” Victor said, spying Cas as Dean awkwardly stood by the wall.
Cas immediately dropped the hose, and the nozzle knocking on the wood cabinets punctuated the tense silence.
“I figured as much,” Bobby emerged from the back, holding his nose, followed by a man whose face is covered in what looked like a hockey mask made out of an old walmart bag, with the longest hair Cas had seen since the outbreak. The man pulled down his mask, and grinned at him.
Dean laughed and kissed him. Soon they’d figure out that the olive oil was best used if they mixed it with aloe vera, which luckily grew in abundance by the camp’s walls. Dean could often be spotted volunteering to gather it for the medical tent, even late at night. One afternoon Cas discovered they can also get oil from boiling old avocados that were past ripe, and they spent a weekend in bed trying to discern if there were any differences (Olive slicked better, but Avocado lasted longer). But for now, they ignored the mess, and Dean drew Cas in close against his chest.
“Sure buddy,” Charlie said, walking back to her house, as if she hadn’t just upended Castiel’s little world.
“I need the money,” Dean said, his hand absently circling Cas’s bare shoulder. It was February and they were facing each other in their bed and they weren’t talking about it.
“Whoa there son, I’ll take care of those,” Charlie’s Dad clapped hand on Castiel’s shoulder, and the dropped dishes rattled in the linoleum sink.
Dean sighed again, and pushed himself up, pacing, his heavy boots causing the boards to creak with every step. Chuck would have him fretting over this until the boy went crazy in isolation. If he wasn’t crazy already. Who knows what kind of psychological damage had he suffered? Unfortunately, his other two advisors, Sam and Charlie, were out looking for a bigger food source, far out of Croat-Ville. They weren’t due back for another three days. Dean couldn’t wait that long. He needed answers.
Naomi gifted Castiel and Dean matching collared shirts, with their initials hand stitched on the cuffs. She gave Sam his first tie. On Christmas morning, after a three hour service, John pulled out a big model train set. Dean expected to hate it, he wasn’t born in the fucking 50s, but it was fun to watch Cas concentrate so hard on putting the pieces together, and Sam loved the engineering of it, even though he said he was too old to play conductor. That night, after a dry turkey dinner, Naomi quietly got up, and put the Nintendo Switch back by the TV.
Dean worked one finger in slowly, and Cas breathed through the discomfort, trying to get lost in the feel of Dean’s mouth on his chest. Dean worked in a second finger and Cas hissed through his teeth.
needed to protect each other, all needed to sacrifice. What good was good Christian values if it didn’t teach you how to put the whole over yourself?
Dean scratched the back of his head, “There’s no girl I like since Lisa left. Besides, they already sold the tickets.”
“Fuck off,” Dean grumbled, crossing back to his own bed, “You’ve got a girl who’s into you. Do something about it or don’t.”
Castiel had excused himself from the room then, too nervous to see what happens to those who defied Naomi. Now, back at the clinic, Castiel slipped back into his role as silent helper. The clinic was bustling, between those who were driven to relapse during the holidays, or those who were seeking a new life in the new year, there were many souls ripe for the saving. After a cordial wave to the chief nurse, they made rounds to each room, with mixed reception. Finally, they made it to the last room, where a sandy haired blonde man was resting silently.
Cas supposed he was to blame for what followed. He’s the one who wanted to look at apartments that night. He wanted to be able to visualize where he and Dean would be living.
“Dean, I’m not the scared teenager you once knew. I’m a man, and I would really, really enjoy it if you fucked me,” Cas said slowly.
Cas waited for Dean to say more, but it was clear he was done talking. So Cas filled the silence as they drove around for the rest of the morning, searching for another herd. He talked about growing up in that big house in Massachusetts. He talked about Luke’s moods, and Anna’s art, and Gabe’s pranks and the stick up Michael’s ass. He didn’t talk about his father leaving. Or about his mother’s withdrawal. He didn’t talk about the outbreak.
In Arizona they found Charlie, a former professional gamer who had set herself up in an old arcade, using the lights and sounds to disorient Croats before she took them out from a hiding place in the rafters. Turns out she was as good at shooting in real life as she was virtually.
“I’m here to save you, try and sound grateful,” Dean tried his best to sound convincing while whispering shouting with his knees pressed up to his chin.
Dean glanced to the right once more, and suddenly noticed the tears making clean streaks down Castiel's dirty face.
Dean had to hand it to him, every time he was thrown down, he just scrambled back up, eager for more. Still, Sam had a point, the boy would have to learn how to fight, actually fight, soon. God forbid if any Roamers tried getting into camp before he was ready. At first they tried to welcome the Roamers in, the more humans the better. But Dean found that those who hadn’t hunkered down came to love that lifestyle, and didn’t care who they had to hurt to keep it.
One day in August, Meg showed up at the front door, muttered something about moving to New York, and shoved an acrid smelling bag in Dean’s hands.
He’d seen enough. It was a text from Lisa Braeden, asking if he’d be there tonight. If he didn’t want Gordon to get him about being a virgin, Lisa was his best bet. He had to go, empty handed or not.
“I have to believe that this is all worth it. That piety on Earth and service to the Lord will earn my heavenly reward,” Castiel said.
“At least we had the damn sense to pack up when we did,” Ellen voiced quietly, while Cas mulled over her words, picking at his jacket.
Dean watched Cas go, feeling a twinge of regret. Cas said he wasn’t going to get some, but knowing how wily Meg is, maybe he should have tagged along just to protect the kid’s virtue. Dean didn’t really know how he was meant to cover for Cas anyway-- Naomi was pretty much turned in for the night, something about a migraine, and it wasn’t like John worried enough to check on the boys before bed.
“I will do all the direct outreach, you please focus on handing out the informational handouts about our rehabilitation program,” Naomi said.
The siblings picked up and left their sprawling Massachusetts mansion after their father failed to return from his golf retreat in Miami and their mother failed to return from her skiing vacation in Aspen. Michael took on the role of patriarch, and the Novak’s fell in line.
“Looks like the virgins have decided to form a pack,” Gordon said, disinterestedly gesturing his head to Cas’ table.
After Naomi started chemo, she switched from wanting Cas stitched to her side, to banishing him from her sight. If she found him in her line of vision, she would send him to rake the lawn, or wash the car, or go for a run down to the church to see if the pastor needed any help. Dean took Cas to the barn more and more, idling the evenings away with Meg’s old stash, which they’d have to re-up soon.
Few kids lasted more than a few months outside the walls of a camp like theirs. It wasn’t only the sub-human rage monsters out there; roaming bands of ruthless scavengers occasionally terrorized settlements such as theirs. Cas needed someone to look out for him, and while Claire was tough as hell, she was still only eighteen. And so Dean sought to ensure Castiel, and Claire’s, safety. That meant training, every day, in scavenging, hand to hand combat, and most importantly, marksmanship.
They stumbled around in their Sunday best for a song or two, before the exercise grew boring. They sat up on Baby’s hood instead, staring at the stars. Dean glanced at Cas, every emotion on the tip of his tongue, but he swallowed it.
Dean leaped up, knocking the false planks back, and the croat off balance. The beast stumbled back, it’s lank blonde hair and vacant eyes a grotesque after image of the girl it once was, before charging. Before Dean could get a shot off, the monster’s head exploded, and Dean felt his eardrums explode along with it.
Cas turned to him, panicked breaths coming out in puffs of vapor, and Dean couldn’t tell if the redness in his cheeks was shame or chill. The other boy opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it again, before turning to resolutely walk home. Dean trailed him in silence.
“Do you think you’re mom’s gonna make you go to a Christian school?” Lisa asked, in between rounds of SAT drills.
Cas started to go red, “I wouldn’t have bothered if it wasn’t for you. I don’t think I had the courage, until you kissed me.”
The next morning, Dean was wrapped around Cas’s back like an octopus. Cas woke up to a sweaty back, where Dean’s chest met his back, though he could tell the room was freezing. He wasn’t comfortable per se, but he couldn’t tell if it would be worse to disentangle themselves and face the cold morning, or be a little sweaty for longer.
At seven, the family rose for Sunday Service. The air was heavy with the coming rain. The gray morning didn’t help with Cas’s fatigue, and he found himself blinking slowly during the sermon. Cas clenched his body, willing his eyes to stay open, but his head felt so so heavy, and there was nothing he could do to stop it’s slow descent down towards his chest. His head snapped up, but he couldn’t help the sleepy cycle.
“Do you really want me to stop,” Dean asked looking at Cas’s hard cock, standing proud against his stomach.
“Well, we can’t let her go. If she’s been left by one group, she could easily link up with another. Share our camp’s location, and worse, expose the weakness in our defenses,” Sam said slowly.
Garth, who had been a plumber in the days before Croat-Ville, has been working on some sort of pump-well system, to deliver fresh water to everyone at camp. That way they could continuously pump in the water they would need, instead of a few unlucky souls having to travel to the reservoir once a day to get enough. Garth promised it would be finished in the next year or so.
“We usually stick to the top floors when we can,” Cas told Dean, who nodded, and kept the party moving up the stairs, until they reached the floor that used to house the recording booth.
Dean gave himself a quick squeeze over his boxers, before reaching for the lotion by his bedside. Dean ran a teasing finger across the head, before lazily pumping the shaft, his cock fattening in his grip. Dean worked his wrist faster, thinking of Lisa’s hand on him, and definitely not thinking of his step brother getting it on. Dean worked himself up to full hardness, canting his hips up into his fist until all too soon he was spilling over himself.
Cas watched Dean dress, with his own knees drawn up against his chest. Though his arms were already covered in goosebumps, Cas felt an odd sort of heat flutter through him as he watched Dean pull pants up over his boxers. After Dean pulled on a hoodie and sweatpants, he turned and caught Cas staring.
“I, I just don’t wanna be a burden. I think, I think if my family hadn’t had to look after me so carefully when I was younger, well, they would still be around,” Cas mumbled.
He watched carefully ahead, as Dean kicked down the door, gun drawn, waiting for Croat activity in the lobby. Cas didn’t even flinch as Dean shot one, a long haired man, from behind immediately. It was as if someone else carefully climbed the steps behind Dean, someone who knew what they were doing, someone who didn’t stand to lose everything based on the outcome of the next few minutes.
“No matter what happens, whoever is left, we regroup at camp,” Dean said, before they loaded up into cars.
“I know that he’s someone who taught you violence is an adequate way to express discomfort,” Cas said.
“Cas, buddy, slow down,” Dean grabbed his shoulder, “I know the church says one thing, but you really hurt Charlie’s feelings. Just, say you’re sorry.”
Dean managed to keep Cas busy for the rest of the day, gathering wood with Kevin, helping Benny make cakes, overseeing Charlie’s moonshine to make sure it didn’t kill anybody. Dean took over the more boring camp duties. There was a dispute over who had dibs on some clothes from the latest haul. A pregnant woman who’d lost her partner in the city needed to be brought all her meals. He had new resource trips to plan. Greenhouse plans to approve. Material hunting for yet another expansion of the camp’s perimeter. A little society to run.
It seemed like everyone in school knew he and Cas were step brothers now. Gordon had brought it up as soon as Dean sat down at lunch that Monday.
“Sorry, I know you don’t like to talk about before, I shouldn’t have asked, I’m sorry,” Cas backtracked.
They set out before dawn, straight north, to the headquarters of an old subsidiary of Roman Enterprises, Sucrocorp in the middle of Oklahoma.
Ellen, Jo, Ash, and Bobby in an empty 18 wheeler, and Cas and Dean holding up the rear in a jeep. If all went according to plan, that jeep would be filled with whatever fucked up toxins Dick Roman used to engineer the Croatoan virus. That combined with what Ash had whipped up in the bunker might just provide some immunity. They just had to get the shit from the source.
Dean felt a twinge of regret--  the poor kid must be fucking terrified. Standard protocol stated that all unexpected visitors are greeted by half the available guns at camp, but this is the only time a ‘guest’ had actually still been human. It didn’t help that the kid seemed to be covered in literal shit, and smelled like death itself. Thank god the kid cried out when he did-- Croats didn’t speak any English, and his terror saved his life. They stuffed the kid in the lockdown cabin that normally stored returning scouts for twelve hours to make sure they were still clean.
And that was the million dollar question. How to tell your little brother that your father would rather die alone, drunk, than reunite his family at the end of the world. And how could he tell his brother that his father was as good as gone, the last family in this cursed world outside that car which was suddenly so so small.
The first few weeks of school were a blur. He and Castiel didn’t actually have any classes together besides English, and they sat far enough apart that no one thought they lived together. Dean was always sure to sprint away from the car in the morning, in case someone saw them get out together. And he even walked himself home for the first few weeks while it was still nice out.
“So the little boy’s got an attitude?” The man got to his knees, and inched too close to Castiel’s face.
All too soon, after years of fighting, three years of dying, somehow the two youngest, only Castiel and Claire, remained. Claire was only two years his senior, but those two years meant that Cas would be protected, above herself and all else.
“I gotta do my due diligence now in case the old girl goes and decides to leave me out of her will,” Gabe said, stretched out in the back seat of the Impala.
Meg’s eyes scanned the crowd, saw the odds weren’t in her favor and backed off. Cas leaned forward and shook Lisa’s hands.
“But we took care of ‘em all in the end,” Dean clutched the steering wheel tighter, “We started up when Mom died. A vampire took her from us.”
Dean managed to catch that Castiel had traveled with his family, a big one, Luke, Gabriel, Anna, Michael, and finally Claire. All gone, except Claire, his older sister.
“Don’t be Cassie, we’re almost safe,” she said, her words surprisingly sweet for someone holding a deadly weapon.
“Oh,” Dean said, and took a fucking step back to let Cas do just that, as if Cas undressing was a process utterly outside of his domain. Cas switched tactics.
“Ok, I’m beyond pissed Meg dragged Lisa into this, but you might need to ease off the “not my girlfriend schtick,” Dean whispered.
Castiel could hear the confusing explosion of sounds surrounding him, but couldn’t open his eyes. His left leg was stiff, and felt numb, but that was preferable to how the rest of his body felt. His limbs screamed, his face felt sticky, and his mouth filled with the metallic tang of blood. His body had been forced upright, and a rigid metal surface cut into his shoulder blades. Without warning, the voices cut off, followed by a sharp slap to his face. His eyes snapped open, and he was face to face with a pale, angry brunette.
Cas gave him a nod, eyes still watery, and watched as Dean sucked in, before gesturing for Cas to get closer to him. Cas obligingly leaned in, and Dean gently worked his thumb into the corner of Cas’s lips, the other boy obediently opening his mouth. Dean blew the smoke carefully into Cas’s mouth, mindful not to let their lips touch. After a beat, Dean pulled back. Cas held the smoke in before it came billowing out of his nose.
So when Croats busted into the radio building, their final refuge before seeking one of the rumored survivor communities, it was Claire who drew their attention from her dear baby brother with her automatic, wasting the few bullets they had.
“Charlie, who portrays Legolas,” Castiel said, and Dean thought he heard a strain in the other boy's voice.
“One must always be dressed appropriately Castiel,” Naomi said, sitting primly next to John in the stands.
“I’m sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,” Cas said, backing out of Charlie’s cabin with his hands covering his eyes.
“Thank you Dean,” Cas said, but even in the dark Dean could tell his face was red, and that he was fighting back tears.
While Dean had a minor meltdown about gender roles, he nearly walked straight into Meg, who was cornering Cas against a locker. Dean met Cas’s eyes and looked away. It was one thing to help out Cas in a dark room full of people who were too drunk to care what was happening. But in the hallway? That was too much. He started to back away, just as Lisa surged forward.
“Are you sure you’d like to be seen speaking to me in public? You are aware that people can see us,” Cas grumbled, avoiding the question as they pushed against the end of day foot traffic.
“The kid’s gonna need your eye on him,” Sam’s voice came from behind him, and Dean didn’t even bother to glance at his little brother.
Granted, he didn’t know what they were doing here either, but Cas didn’t seem to know the first thing about teenage laziness, and so if that meant hanging out in a cold ass barn in January, then so be it.
Not that Cas ever thought he could act on the near constant stream of impulses that always followed the mere thought of Dean and his frustratingly handsome face, which had plagued Castiel ever since recovering Claire.
Cas felt that the tube in his pocket was impossibly heavy. He took some of Dean’s advice, and asked Nora to pay him weekly, while also picking up secret shifts, so he could put half his new savings into Dean’s account, so he could draw cash whenever he wanted. He didn’t spend much, but this week, he bought a corndog, rolling papers, and a bottle of lube with his employee discount (all while Nora was doing inventory in the back, he couldn’t stomach buying these things in front of her).
It took Dean a few days, and some covert shoplifting from CVS, but he managed to rig the projector with an HDMI cord and a headphone jack, and soon the boys had a private theater on their ceiling.
“That’s alright,” he said, before pushing him back down, before pulling out a long knife, longer than Castiel’s face.
And then Dean kissed him. Cas watched Dean awkwardly retreat into the house, though he stopped to pick up the joint and then the projector like the world’s most apprehensive custodian. Cas stayed where he was, willing the excitement in his pants to go away. Dean kissed him. Dean kissed him. Dean kissed him. Dean left him.
“We both well know you never succeeded in your New Years Resolution,” Cas teased, and that seemed like enough to talk because Dean got closer, teasing the head in and out, before Cas whined and Dean struck home.
Dean fell asleep in Cas’s bed, and when he woke up, the other boy’s face was tucked into the crook of his neck. Worse, Dean could feel the other boy’s need, hard and proud against his thigh. Dean scrambled out of bed, hoping not to disturb the other boy. God he felt like an asshole, charging in about Lisa when Cas’s whole world just fell apart. There wasn’t any love lost between Dean and Naomi, but poor Cas. He never talked about his dad, but Dean knew enough that the man wasn’t exactly in the picture. What was going to happen?
“Benny!” Dean called out, the large man pausing mid step, most likely about to succeed in knocking Castiel down once more.
“C’mon kid,” Dean called Cas away from his animated conversation with Chuck, to walk him back to his tent. Cas immediately jumped up, muttering a quiet goodbye over his shoulder.
The genial man smiled, “It’s good to see Charlie with some friends, things have been so hard after her mother’s surgery,” busying himself with the dishes.
Cas didn’t know what he expected on the other side of the door. An army of Croats, or perhaps Richard Roman himself sitting atop a crown of skulls. What he saw were neat rows of barrels, complete with the toxic symbol. Easy. Stupid. And then an earsplitting alarm pierced the air. Looking to his left and right, he saw Croats begin to shuffle out from the rotting corn fields, beelining towards the noise.
Dean was still tempted to turn around. Every instinct he had screamed at him. How did Cas talk him into this shit? A hunting trip was one thing, they could still see the camp’s walls then. Now the gun cradled between Cas’s thighs looked too big for him. Dean forced himself to watch where he was going, following the sorry excuse for a road, while Cas scanned the countryside dutifully. How Cas had convinced him to let him come along, he’d never know. It was only a matter of time before he would have had to let the teen venture out further, and this was as safe as anything for a trial run. Just gauge the pack of Roamer’s distance from the camp and be done with it. Shit. He had to calm down. Charlie and Claire would take on the five miles east of the camp, leaving Dean and Cas the west. They were in a jeep, they were armed, this was routine, they would be fine. Cas would be fine. Dean kept repeating that mantra to himself, and he was just starting to believe it when the left front tire blew out.
Castiel felt a shiver run through him. Of course, he knew what kind of man John had been when his mother had found him. He never understood her attraction to the elder Winchester, though since their union he has seemed to improve.
Dean whipped his head up, and saw Meg Masters, the creepy goth senior leaning Cas up against a wall, Cas trying to squirm away from where she’d boxed him in without using his strength against her.
“Has anyone ever taught you how to shave, Cas?” Dean asked, as he opened up the small cabinet over one of the few actual sinks in camp, not that it actually gave up fresh water.
He didn’t want to tell Sammy about it. Of course his brother had asked where Dad was after Dean showed up, shivering and alone at his barricaded dorm room.
Dean had volunteered. Of course he had, and Cas volunteered himself in retaliation, and before they could finish arguing, Jo had run into the room. There was a scuffle and a shot and then the woman came out sporting a big bite on her arm. Ellen cried as she locked Jo back in the room with jugs of water and piles of food, fit for a last meal. And Cas hated the relief he felt that it wasn’t Dean in there.
They had both fallen asleep in their clothes, and Cas wriggled in Dean’s lap to draw attention to the injustice. Dean broke the kiss then, mouthing at Cas’s neck, before working his way down to Cas’s jeans. Cas cants his hips upwards to give Dean’s quick fingers better access, hesitant to part for even the necessary seconds to actually undress.
The late afternoon heat seeped rose up into the room, trapped by the rafters, and sweat eased the glide of their writhing bodies, and Cas smelt the garage and the cheap aftershave Dean bought with Cas’s employee discount and the sheets that already smelled like the two of them.
Cas followed suit, vaguely registering the clamor from the RV as the rest of their clan filed out. His eyes followed Dean’s fleeting figure, which slipped behind a grassy hill, over which an old silo rose up.
Dean woke up hyperventilating, tears streaming down his face. Without thinking, he jumped out of bed and crossed to where Cas lay sleeping, kneeling by the bed and shaking him awake
Dean didn’t let the question linger, sliding his hands around Cas’s face, and drawing him in for a lingering kiss.
“Alright alright. Sure, I’ll cover for you. But when I sneak out to see Lisa, I expect the same courtesy,” Dean said, stretching himself out in bed.
“So you waited for me, huh Cas?” Dean teased the tip, blowing lightly and watched Cas’s stomach spasm.
It started with an olive tree. Andrea had discovered a tree growing in some abandoned backyard, and convinced Benny to transplant it by the river. It was a good project, and Castiel aided in planting more. It was one of the few things he could do after Dean was taken-- if he was planting he didn’t have to talk to anybody about what happened. He could just let the heat beat his back, and try to bring life into the barren world.
Castiel brought up getting a job at dinner, “I want to learn to be industrious, just as you are mother.”
In the nine months the siblings had occupied the camp, Dean had slowly worn Claire down, and managed to get a nice word or two out of her on a good day. Charlie certainly had something to do with Claire’s elevated mood. Something about Charlie’s endless sunshine managed to wear Claire down, and seeing as they were the closest in age of the folks at camp, the two spent most of their time together. Dean watched as Claire dropped her stuff off on one side of the shack, before bounding off, undoubtedly to meet Charlie at the shooting range.
Cas didn’t know how to respond, so he stayed silent, focusing on scrubbing the tiles underneath the fridge.
"And one by one, this godforsaken life has taken your family, the only tether you have in this godforsaken world."
“I came to apologize. You welcomed me into your home and I made you feel lesser. I never meant to do so, please forgive me,” Castiel said, head lowered.
“I dunno, his drinking is good leverage, for now. He’s not tryna ruin you, he just wants me gone,” Dean grumbled, eyeing the projector under the bed, “I think this is too big to take with us.”
Thank whatever fucked up God the Novak’s prayed to that Naomi left Sammy out of her little power games. While the kid wasn’t golden in her eyes like he was with John, even she knew that he was off limits.
"I couldn't help but look, you know. I swear I saw a red-headed corpse, but then again, I still see her, sometimes when I'm asleep, coming after me for running."
“You’re talking to me like you did when we were lost,” Cas remarked quietly, and took a step away from the cabin.
One word, ‘Croatoan’, heralded what was now commonly thought to be the end of days. Croats, fast, strong, and bloodthirsty zombies now shambled across the Earth, picking off humans with ease.
“What are you thinking about?” Dean asked breathlessly, “You thinking about Meg? You thinking about Alan?”
In New Mexico they found Chuck, a squirly little writer who was hiding in the walk-in freezer of a Dairy Queen with no weapons. They brought him along to.
Cas shimmied up the ladder after Dean, settling himself in some old hay, the fading afternoon sun filtering through the open slats in the barn, highlighting his serious brow.
“Fuck you!” Dean shouted, sticking his finger in John’s face, but he flinched back when John took a step forward.
Charlie didn’t invite them back over during break, though she did respond to Dean’s snapchats about plot holes that were “totally resolved in the extended edition”, so he figured all wasn’t lost. On New Years Eve, John went out and bought them all party hats, Naomi broke out the sparkling apple cider, and they clustered around the TV for the countdown. Sammy didn’t make it to midnight, but he slept it off in Naomi’s lap. At midnight, Lisa texted him a bunch of kissy emojis. Dean sent a bunch back, his stomach flopping.
"Well, that doesn't make it feel right," Dean set the bottle down, half empty, “I’m going to bed. You’ll find your room at the end of the hall.”
“Don’t be modest, you’ve done well on your own,” Cas said flipping through their college prep book, “Have you considered the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign? It has a robust array of engineering programs which may interest you.”
“He was always a string bean, but I used to be the tall brother. Always had his nose in a book, even on hunts, he was our fact guy,” Dean said.
“I never asked for my family to be combined with yours, but I have always been cordial to you, while you continue to treat me like a pariah,” Cas said, seething.
Over the next few months, on supply runs into towns, they found more survivors, people desperate for a safe haven. Families, single people, friend groups, all flocked to what they soon dubbed “Croat-Ville.” They learned to build cabins, sew clothes, shoot, hunt. Dean found himself at the center of it all. He was just twenty, and now people were asking him how to fish, and for permission to search for their families, and what was happening next. He kept expecting someone, anyone, to come take his place, take this burden off him. But his father was dead. So he made plans, a council, and soon they had a little society.
Dean felt his eyebrows knit further together as Chuck continued wring his dirty hands over the wizened oak table, cracking each knuckle, a nervous habit he had picked up around the start of the Apocalypse, and had only grown worse as time ticked on.
The deeper they went the worse things they found. Ash, through some technical genius and mission-impossible style scheming, accessed Roman’s private email server. Working with someone who could only be identified as “Mr. L”, Roman planned on deploying his bio-terrorist zombie bug on the world, the only thing missing was the date and method. Before the two could go public with what little information they had, the first signs of a new “superbug” were seen in New York City, ripping through housing projects, then schools and hospitals. Soon it was hopping state lines, and before long, international waters.
When Dean came back out, he almost expected Cas to lecture him about jerking off-- he’d never actually overheard Cas touching himself, and despite his diversion tactics, his showers were so short he doubted he was getting it done in there. His church probably had weird rules about that shit. Maybe he never even tried it, not even in the shower, didn’t know how good it could feel. Dean imagined Cas asking for help taking care of himself, Dean getting to teach him,  and his spent cock twitched.
The boy jumped off of the bare mattress which used to belong to Sam, and trotted over to the desk which held the many books salvaged from what used to be an elementary school. It’s not like Cas liked living alone, but it seemed like every time someone moved into his bunk, they paired off with someone in camp and left to be with them. Overtime the camp grew and grew, and housing was no longer scarce. So Cas stayed alone, and used the other mattress for extra seating.
They didn’t talk about the kiss, but Dean kept staring at him, like he was a bug under a microscope. Like Cas wasn’t the only one suffering under the weight of the memory of soft lips and breathless moans. Like he wasn’t the only one undone, unmoored without the other.
Castiel made it out to the edge of camp where his cabin lay, and was struck by the quiet. Not silence, the insects still chorused in their hidden world. Occasionally the wind brought a drunken guffaw to his ears. But the cars were gone. The planes were gone. The urban world he had grown in had disappeared.
Buddy. Castiel ruminated over the word as he returned to his scriptures. He realized that he never had a friend of his own. Sure there was Hannah from church, but she was also his cousin. And Sam Winchester was polite enough, unlike Dean, but he wouldn’t consider a step brother a friend. Cas felt himself smiling through the rest of lunch.
“What, your name is fucking weird. I don’t wanna have to say the whole thing all the time,” Dean sighed.
The company climbed the stairs, five in front, five in back, haltingly moving from landing to landing. After a cursory look on each floor, the crew kept moving up the stairs, taking down Croat after Croat. Cas wondered if they knew to pause for Claire, what if they shot her by accident? What if, what if she turned already? What did a four day old Croat look like? Would he recognize his sister?
“By interesting, I hope you mean incredibly twisted,” Ellen strode back into the room, and made room for herself beside Ash.
Dean groaned, looking at the ceiling, and before he knew it, he and Cas were sneaking out the front door. Dean had wanted to sneak out the window instead, but Cas insisted that Naomi was the heaviest sleeper known to man. They walked in silence, the vodka growing heavier and heavier in Dean’s increasingly sweaty hands. For his part, Cas looked nervous, probably not expecting to have made it this far. When they made it to the Henrickson’s, the party was already in full swing, teenagers spilling out on the lawn. Dean hesitated for a moment, and then rushed in, Cas close on his heels, into the house. At least didn’t have to worry about him and Cas being seen together, it was so dark inside. There were so many bodies packed together, Victor must have invited every teenager in a fifty mile radius, the walls themselves were sweating.
Dean watched as Cas, already limp from orgasm, slowly wrapped his hand around Dean, massaging torturously slow. Dean felt his eyes drift shut, and he bit his lip to stay quiet.
Cas wheezed out the end of the story, and he could faintly make out Dean’s smile as they pulled up to the gates of camp. The smile turned into a scowl when Charlie and Claire pulled up behind them, six massive deer crowding the flatbed and roof of their truck.
At church, Castiel felt the hot glares from the congregation burn into his skin. It didn’t matter that they had been members since Castiel was an infant-- the masses relished yesterday’s Novak misstep. Naomi was the holiest of the holier-than-thou crowd. Dean’s outburst would feed the gossip mill for months at the least. For his own sake, Cas hoped that another scandal could eclipse their petty family drama, though he immediately repented for hoping for a teen pregnancy.
Before they left to drive Meg home, Naomi stopped Castiel in the hallway. Castiel studied his mother’s face for rage, but just saw a weariness, her skin pale.
Dean rolled his eyes and got off his bed, trying to put as much distance between him and Cas as possible.
Dean drew Cas in close, but before he could kiss him, Cas spotted a hook fixed to a cable, about five feet away from the edge of the bridge.
How the Impala stayed in relative shape over the past twelve hours Dean will never know. He found it hidden under the same tarp, and he struggled to unlock the old fashioned door.
That notion stuck in Dean’s head. The pair worked their way down the list of chores for the morning, including tending to the bee colony Cas rescued after they found a bunch of honey bees seeking refuge in an old ice cream van. Soon enough, Dean led Castiel back to his own cabin. Cas stepped inside the large, old cabin that Dean shared with his brother. While none of the cabins had much in the way of interior design, Sam had taken to drawing landscapes, something about “imagining the world we want” or some other hippie garbage.
Cas was too tired to talk, so he merely placed the little painted dish in the center of the room, kicked off his shoes, and slipped himself into bed, kicking off his jeans after he got under the covers. The blankets hardly helped, the winter chill was already setting in for the night, and Cas grit his teeth. Cas heard Dean’s bed creek as he peered over, and soon Cas felt Dean’s crushing weight on top of him.
They won the game handily, Dean being carried off the field by crowing teammates, on top of the world. Castiel had never seen him so happy. So, beautiful. Cas would never miss a game. Lisa started inviting Cas to sit next to her and her friends. He liked her, she had always been kind to him, and helped Dean become kinder too, though he always looked away when they kissed after the game. He knew the feeling could be called jealousy.
“I’m not glaring,” Dean said, though he couldn’t mask his sharp inhale when Cas ran his hand through Alan’s hair. Why the fuck was this bothering him so much? Who did this kid think he was, crashing their party and then draping himself all over Cas.
After school, Dean lingered in the parking lot, accepting admiring nods from passersby, until Cas emerged, harried and serious. Dean imitated Cas’s scowl until the other boy caught sight of him, his face breaking out in a grin.
Cas trailed behind his leader, feeling the stress radiate off of Dean. They approached one of the older cabins, which Castiel recognized as the one belonging to Benny. Dean rapped sharply on the doorframe, then stepped back carefully, in time for a tired Andrea to open up the door, glaring warily up at Dean.
“Took you long enough,” Claire uncrossed her arms to pick up the few belongings she and Castiel had amassed, carrying them towards the cabin.
“We’re going home,” Charlie gripped the wheel tighter, as if she feared Castiel would overpower her, even with his broken leg.
That had been three days ago. It had taken him a day to find his way to camp, not daring to sleep, in case a Croat found him. His twenty four hour lock down following his gun filled welcome to camp did nothing for his fried nerves. It seemed as if from the moment he and Claire were separated, his stomach had tried to climb out of his mouth. So how is it possible, that, with a gun in his hand, looking carefully through the sights as he approached the abandoned radio station, he had never felt more calm?
Dean dismissed the group with a simple wave, and turned on his heel, heading away from the discontent assembly. Cas sat uncomfortably in the dirt for a few moments more, until Dean looked over his shoulder, and cocked his head to the side. Cas scrambled to his feet, appearing at Dean’s side in an instant.
“Oh come on, don’t be like that. It was just a question Jesus freak,” Dean said, very aware that he was whining.
Dean dared to sneak a glance at Cas, who had his head bent like he was already a martyr in a stained glass window.
Even though they shared a cabin now, and Dean came back to him every night, there was still so much distance between them. They had shared that one night, hurried and awkward, under the threat of imminent death. Now, with the existential Croat threat gone, at least for now, it seems like Dean only saw him as a kid again. He held him so delicately, like he was made of paper instead of flesh. He pulled back when Cas tried to deepen their kisses, which were few and far between. Dean was busy, refamiliarizing himself with camp, and checking on Sam and Jess, who was starting to show. And he had to revive the wood shop, that was important, no one was as good a carpenter as Dean, and someone had to teach people the right way to make a Rabbet Joint. And he helped Benny in the kitchen, producing food for a hundred people took a lot out of someone. And it made him distracted. And Cas understood. But it’d been a week and the most action Cas had gotten out of Dean was feeling his morning wood poking him in the back. But whenever Cas ground back, trying to entice Dean into more than chaste kisses and cuddling, Dean froze, and made some excuse, and ended up in the bathroom. Leaving Castiel alone, again.
For some reason, Dean relaxed when Cas said that. Dean told himself it was  because Cas beating him to losing the big V would be all embarrassing, but deep down he knew that wasn’t the real reason.
Though now, Charlie’s friendship was a little inconvenient. He didn’t care if she knew that he and Dean lived together, but he knew that Dean would be upset if the news spread further. But, if Charlie already knew, and to his knowledge Charlie was not present at the party last night, then everyone probably knew by now.
“I can perhaps convince her to let me attend, still. We have two weeks until we’re meant to leave, there’s time,” Cas pleaded.
“No, but we can make it to that!” Cas said, pointing at a small bi-plane perched on a platform near the corporate side of the building.
Cas expected Dean to go back to his bed, but instead, he got up and spread the blankets over Cas, before slipping under the covers with him.
“Language,” Naomi calmly admonished him from the stairs, clearly enjoying the high ground, “Boys, to the living room.”
Dean’s stomach was in knots the whole day. He probably screwed things up with Lisa. She was perfect, down to her big heart, which probably went crazy for Cas’s whole victim thing. Maybe he was playing it up, to get to Lisa himself! No, that didn’t make sense. Cas couldn’t have known. And if he just wanted to get laid, Dean knew at least one creepy girl who’d go for him. And Cas would probably never even think about sex before marriage, good boy that he is. Dean wondered if Cas had ever even touched himself. And then he quickly stopped thinking about Cas touching himself, because, gross. Freak probably didn’t even know how to.
“Please have fuel, please have fuel, please have fuel,” Cas prayed to whatever deity had left them on the earth to suffer.
“Engineering? I dunno,” Dean said, leaning up on his elbows, “Don’t you gotta be super smart for that?”
Maybe in the deepest, darkest, most pathetic part of his heart, Dean felt bad for ignoring Cas every day. Walking past him at lunch took a lot out of Dean, which is why he tended to stick to his side, and let Cas sit off on his own. It didn’t help that the kid read his freaking Bible at lunch. At least he wasn’t getting beat up-- no way John would let Dean get away with not defending the kid, no matter how much he was asking for it.
“Won’t you miss everyone?” Dean went for a cheap shot, “The camp is your family, you can’t abandon family.”
“Do you think he’ll tell my mother?” Cas asked, his voice trembling. Naomi would never look at him again.
Whatever it did paid pretty well. On Castiel’s 17th birthday, a shiny new Nintendo Switch appeared on the front porch. Naomi promptly confiscated it, (and Castiel didn’t so much as glance at it as she carried the box aways, to Dean’s cries), but Dean knew those shits were not cheap, so the guy must be doing well enough for himself.
Ever since he and Claire were rescued two months ago, since he was able to relax for a moment after he knew that he and his sister were safe, well, as safe as anyone could ever be in these days, his body decided it was time to jumpstart puberty. It was all Dean’s fault. Cas just kept
“Good, Lisa had something she wanted to talk about. Prolly just wants to coordinate for junior prom,” Dean sighed.
“And I always thought that homosexuals were deviants, far and few between. But I care for you deeply, and I am terrified that I am like you,” Castiel said in a rush.
He felt Dean squirm next to him, and realized he was shuffling out of his shorts, a difficult feat with one of his hands trapped underneath Cas’s shoulders, their bodies joined at a seam. The bed was really quite small. They moved in tandem, the slick sounds and hushed breath filling in what they could never say out loud. Cas came with a whimper, spilling hot on his hand, the mess spilling onto his shirt. Dean shuddered, and Cas felt come splash against his bare thigh.
Cas rolled his eyes, but didn’t tell Dean to fuck off, so at 8 in the morning they walked in amicable silence to Charlie’s place. The girl flung open her bright front door, dressed like some sort of Elf princess with the ears to boot. Her eyes flicked to Dean for a moment, but instead of kicking him out, she let them both in with a big wave. Inside, Dean’s eyes landed on the hospital bed in the middle of the living room. Castiel also stopped to stare at the woman lying prone in it.
Cas let out a triumphant cry, but saw Dean clutching on for dear life behind him and quieted. Cas angled the plane to swoop over the factory, and began following the highway until they spied the truck, barreling down.
Soon after, Dean’s second in command, Sam, showed the two of them to some vinyl tents, pitched outside some of the ramshackle cabins in the survivor community.
“And Sam texted that he’s off at Ruby’s,” Dean sighed, “I don’t trust her at all. But we got the house to ourselves.”
“I am unsure. She has been oddly distant lately. She homeschooled me for the express purpose of giving me a Christian education, but this past year in secular school has been quite interesting,” Cas said.
“I can go to a different school, if you want me to,” Cas whispered that night. He wasn’t sure if Dean heard him.
“Do you have to be so, dumb?” Dean shot back, but Cas was already stalking away, probably to where John was waiting in the traffic circle.
Cas carefully placed the small jar of olive oil next to the bed. He felt guilty swiping it from the kitchen. Their community was doing well-- since the vaccine had made its way through the camp and appeared to work. Soon they would be sending out envoys to other camps, and with luck, soon they would have something of a robust trade.. Still, resources would always be tight, and to steal from the group for his own selfish purpose felt wrong. But Cas had his reasons. Dean was finally going to make good on his promise to fuck him.
“I used to fear what drugs would do,” Cas said, staring up, “but I only feel free now. And I only have your corrupting influence to thank.”
Naomi’s forehead wrinkled, a troubling sign. Castiel could see the wheels turning in her mind. Dean, to his credit, kept his head down, only looking up to help Sammy pour his orange juice.
“Well, there really is no such thing. The whole “virus” terminology when describing the outbreak is really a misnomer-”
“It was a little different each time. There was no ‘classic’ outing. Sometimes it’s a ghost, or it’s a vampire, or a werewolf. On rare days, it’s a gross combination of some ugly monster and another.”
Cas seemed to mull over the nickname, and Dean hoped he’d drop the whole thing, but Dean had never been the lucky kind.
“Should we kill her?” Charlie wondered, eyeing the marks on Dean’s face. “She could do more damage in here, than out there.”
“That, my dear, is the salvation of the Earth as we know it,” Ash smirked, “Or a horrible waste of time which will end up killing us all. Hopefully the former.”
“I just, kinda knew, I guess. I don’t know. I felt broken, and I still do sometimes, but I know everything will get better after we get out of this shit town,” Charlie said, just as they reached her home. She took a seat on the snow covered steps, gesturing for Castiel to sit next to her.
“No way dude, you’re like, a walking wet blanket. I don’t even want anyone to know I know you, let alone try to get you into Victor’s party,” Dean said.
The pair walked slowly down the main dirt road of the complex, the dying light cloaking them. Cas fiddled with the fraying edge of his shirt, and Dean made a mental note to try and get him a new one.
He and Dean made quick eye contact before rushing into the factory, and rolling out the first barrels they could see backwards to Ellen and Bobby, who pushed them toward the ramp, where Ash was loading them up. They managed to load forty barrels when the first Croats reached them.
Castiel knew Naomi’s punishment was primarily for Dean. He’d never been allowed to partake in after school activities before. Well, Naomi had never said that he wasn’t allowed to, but he’d never been in school before at all, and so the early return home was no issue. No, Castiel’s punishment would be having to spend the next three months alone in the house with Dean. Dean who swore and took the Lord’s name in vain. Dean who insisted on endangering himself, hanging out with mean boys like Gordon. Dean, who was ashamed to know him.
Dean knew this was a trap. He knew it was. Part of him was raring to take another swing at Naomi, but as he glanced at Castiel, scared stiff, the violence in him quelled. He bent his head, the picture of obedience.
Dean drew two razors from the cabinet, and then grabbed a small bowl. He ambled over to the ten gallon barrel of water he kept by the entrance, and filled the bowl, conscious of Castiel’s eyes on him. He set up shop in front of one of the few, precious, mirrors in camp, one of Dean’s few luxuries.
Dean kept the joint just out of Cas’s reach, only offering to shotgun him. Cas squinted, annoyed, but didn’t protest, accepting what Dean gave him. Dean felt his head start to swim, his limbs grow soft, but he kept gently blowing smoke into Cas’s mouth. Dean found himself staring at Cas’s mouth, wondering what those chapped lips would feel like against his. Maybe it was the weed, making him curious and unafraid, but on the next hit, Dean pressed his lips firmly against Cas’s, ignoring the startled noise the other boy made into his open mouth After a few awkward beats Dean pulled back, terror gripping his chest, but Cas followed him, until they were horizontal in the soft grass.
Dean felt his shoulders sag, before reaching for his discarded shirt and wiping Cas down carefully, tracing his trail with feather-light kisses. When he reached Cas’s jaw, he pulled the man tightly against him, kissing lightly around his face until he landed on his lips.
Cas awoke to a yellow grin. The man before him was tall, pale, and dirty. His grin was crooked. Cas could smell his breath from where he lay prostrate on the ground. The woman with the cruel mouth who liked his eyes was nowhere to be seen. He sensed he would have been better off with her, as miniscule as the improvement would have been.
The jeep careened to the side, approaching the edge of the valley three miles from camp. Dean wrestled for control of the jeep, but all hope was lost when the front right tire blew out too. The back two tires left the ground, and the jeep tumbled, front first, into the valley. The last thing Dean heard were Cas’s screams.
It occurred to Dean that he could ditch the angel on his shoulder in all the confusion. All Dean had to do was find Gordon, give his offering, and then he’d be free to find Lisa, chaperone be damned. It turned out the first part of his plan wasn’t hard at all, Gordon was holding court in the basement.
Dean watched Castiel fall on his butt, again, from his vantage point at the weapons cabin. Benny offered the boy a hand, and pulled him to his feet.
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” Cas grumbled while Dean attempted to light what he could admit was a tragically rolled joint.
“Thank you Charlie,” Castiel said, and realized that she walked him all the way to his math class when she doubled back to go to her own.
“You’re 18, you could open a bank account. I don’t have one, but we could go down to the bank and make one. He’d never have to know,” Cas said, nuzzling in closer. Dean ran an absent hand through the Cas’s hair, reveling in the contented sigh.
“Hey, this,” Dean said waving the baggy, “is Meg’s corrupting influence, and besides, someone’s gotta look out for you.”
“Wake up buddy,” Castiel heard a familiar voice float through the mesh mosquito screen of the cabin.
Dean expected a textbook Cas glare, but instead the other boy looked down at his hands and said nothing, his face pale. Charlie glared at Dean instead.
Cas fidgeted listlessly. He flitted about Dean, while everyone settled around them, before deciding to plop down a few feet from where Dean started to address the crowd. Castiel regretted his decision immediately, and he was so focused on his poor seating choice that he hardly listened to a word Dean had said. He managed to ascertain the content of the speech from the sudden outbreak of whispers in the crowd. Cas figured Dean was talking about the Roamer, Jessica.
"I managed to stay back every time we came upon a camp. Going hungry for the night was worth my soul, I think."
Cas saw Dean’s fist clench, and rushed the other boy upstairs before he did something they couldn’t come back from.
The movie ended, as all movies do, and after their guests filtered out, Alan giving Cas his number of all fucking things, Dean sent Sammy inside with the leftover snacks.
Cas whipped his head down, suddenly sheepish, before saying, “She’s just scared. Her family left her.”
“This is why Bobby pays me cash,” Dean grumbled, biting into a corn dog while Cas refilled the slushie machine.
Castiel’s body ran cold. Masters. Castiel studied the face of the man before them, though he couldn’t see any resemblance between him and Meg. He felt guilty-- he hadn’t called the girl over break either, and she hadn’t been to school in a week. This was probably what she wanted to discuss with him, if she knew that his mother was in the rehabilitation service. While Naomi did her spiel, Castiel eyed the scabs across Luke Masters’ knuckles, and hoped he didn’t use them on his daughter.
“Dean, I haven’t slept on a mattress in several years, please allow me to catch up on lost time,” Castiel grumbled. Not even Dean was exempt from his morning crankiness.
Despite his better judgement, Dean allowed Castiel blow off training for the rest of the day. He let the kid follow him around for the rest of the day, checking on residents, inspecting the border, working on some construction projects. He even let Cas sit in on his advisor meeting for that day.
Castiel rolled his eyes, but at least Dean was willing to joke about the whole thing. On his way up the weed ridden sidewalk, Castiel heard shouts from inside. Before he could make it halfway up the wooden steps, Meg burst out, mascara streaked tears lining her face.
Even after saving the world together, Cas can't get his boyfriend Dean to touch him. That is, until he figures out another use for olive oil.
Sammy looked back, and dove across the bench. Dean hopped in shortly after, and peeled out of the parking lot.
Dean nodded fiercely, though he was too afraid to make any sudden movements to the proffered treasure. Part of him knew that Naomi only gave them the Switch to take it away at some point for god knows what.
“Duty calls,” Charlie slid easily out of bed, unconcerned about her body as she pulled on her clothes.
Cas smiled demurely, but Dean saw the wink in his eye. Maybe almost meeting Jesus had made Naomi chill the fuck out a little. Dean looked at Sammy, who was babbling to John about something at school, and his dad was fucking listening and smiling. Maybe he could leave Sammy here. Maybe he could actually keep going.
The small caravan pulled up outside the building, forming a tight perimeter around the main entrance. Dean got out first, and quickly signaled the others to fall in a diamond configuration.
"Why what?" Dean grunted, keeping his eyes on the dirt road that led behind the city walls, on the lookout for any unwelcome guests.
Dean took an experimental sip from the cup and gagged at the mixture. So that’s where the vodka went. Lisa led him on a loop around the party, introducing him to her friends, while Dean just smiled and nodded, sipping the heinous punch and trying not to embarrass himself. Cas was thankfully silent, and it was too dark to tell if he was glaring at anybody.
Castiel woke as the weak morning light pierced through the cloudy sky. He rolled over, and vainly tried to reclaim sleep.
It was Claire, who sent Cas into their one escape route, the narrow sewage pipeline, which they prayed led out of the city. And it was Claire, who sealed the cover after him, trapping herself with the Croats, alone. Cas screamed and screamed as the bullets flew, his limbs frozen. The bullets stopped, and he listened, strained to hear anything as the gun report echoed around his ears.
“Oh no you don’t mister,” The tiny woman pushed Benny back into bed, “You’re not going to leave me alone because you get taken by Croats after you can’t fire your stupid gun because you broke your stupid hand.”
“You boys are family now. There’s no reason that you can’t get along,” John explained gruffly as he dropped them off at Pontiac High, though he was glaring at Dean as he said it.
All lessons ended by four, by Cas’s best estimation. Castiel dismissed his eldest student, Krissy, before heading down to the river. He kept himself strong mainly by swimming. Kevin, who had been studying to be a doctor in his other life, said Cas could retain almost perfect functioning of his hip so long as he didn’t quit. On a few occasions in the year following Dean’s disappearance, Kevin could be seen dragging Cas down to the river.
Castiel let himself relax, the tightness he’d felt since their movie marathon slowly releasing. Charlie had been nothing but good to him, and he was worried he’d permanently damaged their friendship. After the ghost goons (Ed, Harry, and Garth) filed out, Castiel offered to walk Charlie home.
“Stop right there bud, this ain’t an antidote, just a vaccine,” Ash’s voice felt like an ice bucket.
“Fuck, Cas, you’re so hot,” Dean groaned, following Cas over the edge, his own release mixing on Cas’s stomach.
Cas felt his heart drop as he watched Dean flirt back, getting up and leaning over her to show her how to clean off the body. Cas wanted to run, but he felt rooted to the spot, just stuck watching Dean smile easily.
“Dean, I don’t understand the point of this,” Cas grumbled, after Dean hit him square in the back with another snowball.
“Fine. What we’re cooking up back there should prevent Croat-ness, if we get all of our ingredients.”
He continued, albeit in a much softer voice, "And now, the last of your family, is hiding-where did you say?"
“Do you think you’re gonna be an art major?” Dean asked, his head lolling against a hay bale. It should be boring, just sitting while Cas studied him, but Dean had grown used to the other boy’s gaze. Some days, Dean was sure he’d die if Cas couldn’t see him. He didn’t care to discover what that meant.
“Knowing Gabe, some sort of virus that would render the console useless. Or perhaps recorded satanic ritual,” Cas sighed.
“I cannot tell if you’re kidding or not. Let’s at least invite the AV club over, maybe set up the projector against the house. It’ll be fun.”
Dean saw Cas hesitate, before answering, “I thought that without your antagonization, life would become more simple, but it seems as if Naomi’s severity is only tempered by illness.”
“Listen to the woman,” Dean called out, edging out of the creaking cabin before Andrea could rip into him next.
Claire proved herself immediately, Dean having paired her up with Charlie for target practice, followed by Kevin for hand to hand training each day. Charlie would deny it on her deathbed, but the girl would probably be able to outshoot her within the year. And while Dean was sure that no one on Earth could best Kevin, according to him, Claire was well on her way to becoming the second biggest badass in camp.
“Do you, uh, want me to stay here? Just for tonight?” Dean asked quickly, “In case she was lying, and more Roamers show up?”
“We’ve been hitting factory after factory across the US, this is the last possible place,” Dean said as they pulled off the freeway. The Sucrocorp headquarters lay in the middle of 50 acres of deserted cornfield. The sickly sweet smell of rotted corn hit Cas’s nose, momentarily eclipsing the general smell of decay that permeated the earth.
Dean escaped nearly unnoticed from his own party. He could vaguely hear the music wafting over the buildings, as he arrived at Castiel’s darkened cabin at the edge of camp. He had seen the teen slip in, but at the darkened edifice he felt at a loss. He settled for knocking.
“Dean, can we go somewhere more quiet?” Lisa whispered in his ear after the third inane conversation about “soccer season.”
They didn’t talk about the bedsharing. Dean slept in Cas’s bed at least twice a week, nominally to stop the nightmares, and Cas couldn’t pretend it wasn’t effective-- Dean’s hot breath in his ear was as grounding as it was destabilizing.
Naomi declared that Cas could get a job, so long as it didn’t interfere with volunteering at the clinic. Dean pushed Cas to interview at the gas station near Bobby’s, that way they could ride together.
They were quiet as they dumped their stuff, taking turns in the dingy shower. Cas fell into a fitful sleep, but every time he woke up, Dean was right there, solid and true.
“Sorry, sorry,” Alan muttered, picking his way across the yard, and flopping himself down besides Cas.
Dean thought about how good Cas had been at talking to residents, and how well he’d taken notes during the meeting. No, the kid definitely wasn’t a burden.
Sam straightened, pulling himself up so he looked eye to eye with Dean, using his height to muster up some authority to use against his older brother.
Cas waited for Dean to do something. He’d been fantasizing about this moment for so long, yet Dean seemed as lost as he felt. Fantasy Dean always picked Cas up and manhandled him onto the bed. He’d push his face into the mattress and take what he wanted until Cass thighs ached, until his throat was sore, until he was crying for more. Fantasy Dean wanted. The Dean in front of him was holding himself so rigidly Cas was afraid he’d burst a blood vessel.
Dean took his time, massaging Cas’s tight calves, before pressing a small kiss to the inner corner of his knee, before making his way to Cas’ inner thigh. Dean then skipped up to lick at Cas’s nipple, forcing the man to stifle a gasp, before working his way back down again.
"Kevin was thinking about practicing terrace farming along these hills," Cas spoke softly, tentatively touching the thick silence which had fallen between them.
“That worked up already baby?” Dean noticed how Cas squirmed every time the word rolled off his tongue.
They were lying in bed, in those early morning moments where Cas pretended to still be sleeping, because the moment he spoke, broke the illusion of indifference between them, Dean always left for his own bed. And now Dean was talking to him, talking about the very real problem between them.
“You know what, I don’t care, just get me out of here,” Meg said, grabbing Castiel’s hand and dragging him back towards the Impala, letting herself into the backseat.
Dean heard Cas swallow, audibly, before continuing,"I must say I am eternally grateful for your service, but, this is, is, a fool's errand. Why are you helping me?"
“Castiel,” The boy's voice was surprisingly rough, no doubt from lack of water in the midst of puberty.
“Shit, Cas, sorry,” Dean said, gathering the blankets back off the floor and draping them around Cas.
“Maybe you could come by and read them? I know your mom isn’t big on fun,” Charlie said with a laugh.
After checking the perimeter fence for any breaks, together Sam and Dean pulled the front gate closed, and padlocked it.
Dean felt his heart plummet. He knew something was wrong when they got to the barn and Cas said no to smoking before getting started on his painting. Cas was gonna end it. This shit between them, it was too weird, Dean wasn’t worth all this bullshit, no matter how much he needed Cas.
“Aren’t we a little old for forts?” Dean asked, helping himself to everything, before lovingly admiring the projector.
After taking the first hit, instead of passing it, Dean drew Cas close. The other boy caught on, opening his mouth to accept the smoke from Dean’s lips.
Dean looked like he wanted to protest, his mouth opening and closing slightly, before setting his mouth in a hard line. Dean wanted what was best for camp. He wouldn’t fight Sam on his little power play. He wasn’t his father. Castiel knew Dean well enough to know he consciously separated himself from his father’s memory. Dean wouldn’t be John.
“Mom’s pie dish. They fucking sold it, and you put it in a box, and no one even fucking cares that it’s gone!” Dean shouted, and the tears were free flowing at this point.
Castiel nodded eagerly. Though he didn’t look forward to the task of convincing addicts they’d be happier with Jesus than vice, he knew this was the best case scenario. Well, so far. He of course had the ulterior motive of repairing his friendship with Charlie, and hopefully demonstrating interest in her activities would build a bridge between them.
Dean saw guilt etched on Gabe’s face, but the older boy just lurched forward and turned up the radio, letting Zeppelin drown out the feeling. Dean wrapped an arm around Cas as they drove into the night-- someone had to be there for him.
That settled it for him. Dean strode carefully out of the cabin, his boots splashing the mud puddle at the base of the flimsy stairs, and made his way across the worn out dirt path that separated the hot box from the rest of the camp. He nodded to the two men on guard, stationed in case the kid Croated out and tried to make a break for it.
Castiel looked to Dean with wide eyes, begging for help that he couldn’t give, before looking back to the floor.
He started his descent, gripping the railing tightly. WHen he reached the bottom, Ellen nodded at him, holding the heavy door at the end open. Warm lighting filtered out, and Cas squinted at Dean, who held his arms wide.
Silence suffocated the room, and Dean felt himself struggle for breath. Moments melted into minutes, neither boy moving a muscle.
They hadn’t even had a television until John. He’d only been allowed a handful of fiction, and half of it Gabriel smuggled in with different covers. Now they even had a game system, though he and Dean didn’t have enough money between them to afford a game besides the homosexual dating simulation Gabriel had bought as a prank. Perhaps if Castiel could make the case that he could evangelize the school, she would be more amenable.
Charlie knew something had happened, but he would just have to let her guess. He would not betray Dean’s trust. Their kiss never happened, he couldn’t complain to Charlie that Dean was ignoring him about a kiss that never happened. Christmas break came and went. Cas wiled the days away with Charlie, determined to not speak about Dean. Dean spent all his time at Bobby’s, saving and saving and saving. So December expired, January quickly following. Dean’s 18th birthday was a quiet affair. John took Sam and Dean hunting, though Naomi forbade Cas from attending too. Cas is pretty sure Dean begged for a gift that he knew Cas wouldn’t be able to join.
Meg rolled her eyes, and peeled herself away from Cas, flicking them off as she slipped away into the crowd.
Cas tried to bring himself up to his arms. At least he wasn’t tied up anymore. He was thirsty, and the blood from his wounds was crusting over, all the areas of his body which he could feel were covered in his blood. He managed to push himself upright, pain shooting down his left side.
Cas winced at the memory. After Ash confirmed the new mixture wasn’t deadly, they all vaccinated themselves, without any idea of its efficacy. So they kidnapped a Croat and locked it in one of the bunker rooms to bite them.
Most of Castiel’s cool had to be attributed to Dean, so strong and self assured, it felt as if nothing bad could ever happen on his watch. He was larger than life, and he said they would get Claire back, so they would. Simple as that.
“Where the hell were you?” John roared as the boys stepped in the door, arms crossed in front of the door.
“No, we are not wasting our bake sale money on trying to make an EMF sensor, this isn’t Stranger Things, Ed!” Charlie snapped, before looking up at Cas.
Cas seemed to consider this, and Dean ignored the flicker of hurt that danced across the other boy’s face.
things about him. He could notice the splash of freckles across his face, his slightly bow legged gait, the way his biceps swelled when he crossed his arms, the almost pedantic pout that usually accompanies the gesture, his raunchy sense of humor and the shit eating grin he wears after telling a joke…
“I’m sure it will not. I don’t know if it is a wise decision for you to attend college this fall. As you seem so exhausted,” Naomi said.
“Why can’t you work off a photo again?” Charlie asked, lying back in the hay bale of the abandoned barn.
One hand on the pistol in his belt, Dean set about undoing the many latches on the cabin, and then raised up his shoulder, ready to burst in, before reconsidering. He sharply knocked on the door, and heard the boy start towards the noise. The door slowly opened, and Dean wasn't fully prepared for the ice blue eyes boring into him. He was taller than he remembered, or maybe he was just standing up straight instead of cowering beneath their guns. Same difference.
“I’ve seen you sitting with him,” Dean mumbled, his heartbeat slowing down the further he got away from the crowd.
“I usually just let it pass,” Cas forced out. Whenever he touched himself in the past, it was always Dean’s face, Dean’s body against his, and he felt so sick and guilty that he stopped.
Fat load of good those fences did, shoddily built in the peak of infection. It seemed like every city in America had a partial chain link fence, 25, 50, even one hundred feet high. It only took one person, one bite, to send an entire city into the red within a few days. Soon, instead of marking safe zones, the fences attempted to pen in the infected zone, trapping the uninfected inside, sealing their fate. Consolidating losses, is what the president called it, when there still was a president.
“This is my error. I’ll make it better,” Cas said, and before his mother called him back, Cas was hopping back on his bike.
Dean scrambled into the bathroom, tossing his cum stained shirt into the hamper on his way. Dean hopped in the shower, hoping to scrub away Cas’s wide eyed stare.
Cas heard the cabin door creak open, and two strong hands were shaking him with as much care as someone like Dean Winchester could muster up, which wasn’t much. Castiel resisted valiantly, but eventually gave in.
Dean pressed his lips to Cas’s collarbone, and they wouldn’t call it a kiss, but Cas felt Dean’s mark on his torn soul.
“Cas suggested we keep these in here, so we can stay warm,” Dean winked, draping the blanket over Lisa’s lap, though she took the moment to slide in close, resting her head on Dean’s shoulder.
Some hours later, Dean started awake, surprised to find Cas pressed up against the crook of his neck, mouthing aimlessly.
"I'd rather not go into detail about what happened next," Dean stopped his tale, taking in Castiel's rapt, yet slightly ill expression.
It took Dean a few moments to notice it, but after that he was speeding through the streets to get them home.
Dean dropped Cas off at Meg’s place, before swinging by to pick up Lisa. They chattered easily on their way to the drive in that some farmer set up to make money during the fallow season.
“Sorry, sorry,” Cas mumbled, cupping Dean’s face, but even doubled over, Dean started working on Cas’s slacks, impatiently pulling the legs off, before stripping his own jeans while Cas scrambled for his own shirt.
“Because Dean is sitting over there, and looks very much like he’d like to be sitting here, if his long glances over here mean anything,” Charlie said.
“I know that Naomi is not your mother,” John started, eyes fixed ahead, “but she’s made a home for us. I expect you to respect her.”
Cas kept up the onslaught, tracking Dean across the room, but he had to dodge as Dean began throwing their cleaning sponges back at him. At some point he realized Dean was laughing and that the tightness in his own face meant that he was smiling back.
Dean readjusted his grip on the wheel, “I’m not gonna say shit to your mom or my dad or anybody. Ok? You can trust me.”
Dean took Cas on a quick tour, past the private generators that ran on some weird fuel that smelled like the inside of a freezer, but never seemed to need replacing. Cas breathed in. The air outside was fresher these days, but he never thought he would experience recycled air again. Around them, Bobby and Ellen were hauling in more canned food.
He didn’t even wait for Castiel to respond, just turned on his heels and headed for the brick building.
“I’m so sorry Cas. I’m sorry. You deserve better. I’m sorry,” Dean sobbed. Shit, he was going to regret this in the morning. Shit. Shit.
“Thank you, for that. Though I would appreciate it if you did not take the Lord’s name in vain, even in my defence.”
Cas straightened up, his spine protesting as he separated himself from the indent he had made on the Jeep’s leather seating. Peering over the dashboard, his swept the landscape, now drenched in a cool blue in the twilight. While he had been asleep, they had left the empty suburbs behind, and made it out into what Cas figured was farmland. The fields were overgrown, and wild cows grazed. An old silo lay at the head of an abandoned field, an anchor in a sea of tall weeds.
“It’s time for Junior’s lesson,” Jessica patted Benny’s son lightly on the back, who scampered delightedly past Castiel.
“It’s clear that all this activity you’ve been engaged in has taken a toll on you,” Naomi sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose, “Your behavior today was unacceptable.”
So he ran. He ran and then crawled, and then swam, until he found the end of the pipes, choosing random directions, until the air smelled less putrid, the sky looking more blue through his limited view from grate to grate. He found a cover, long rusted over, and shoved with all his might, until his shoulder was bruised and bleeding, until he was free.
Dean loved visiting Cas at the Gas N’ Sip, and made sure to take all his lunch breaks there, even though them both working cut down on their barn time even more. Cas looked so cute in his little vest, and he liked earning money, though Naomi deposited all of Cas’s checks into an account that she could monitor.
