Dean just needed to have confidence.
Meg gave him a perplexed expression. “Pancakes
Castiel looked around nervously and blushed. “I…uh….”. Dean raised an eyebrow curiously as to why Castiel was so nervous. He knew his boyfriend well enough to know he wouldn’t be anything less than one-hundred-percent supportive, so he was very curious to see where this was going. “If you’re juggling work and school, that may cut a lot into our time together, so maybe……maybe you’d like to move in…..before you start?”
Gabriel let out a dramatic gasp and his face was grinning widely as he slowly approached Castiel. “Are you…..
Castiel gave testimony about his relationship with Zachary Adler aka Zachariah. The FBI got multiple contents from Castiel’s loft shortly after Dean and he made their escape from Zachariah’s car. Some of the records Castiel kept over the years supported his testimony and his claims.
Dean continued to sway with Castiel, unsure about what to do or what to say. “H-how do you avoid that for long?”
And the
Castiel must have gotten the hint because he started to slowly take the book off the shelf and turn his gaze away to give Dean some breathing room. “This is a unique take on vampires and their origins while replacing them in a futuristic sci-fi setting. I liked the explanations of their socio-economic systems and governmental structure.”
Dean loved giving people music recommendations. There was a small sense of pride and joy whenever anyone said that they enjoyed the bands and would become a fan. It formed a connection; and now Dean and that person had something in common. Deane specially loved listening to music with Ben. They’d just hang out and chat with the tunes playing. Dean would lay down on the floor while they chatted all night. One or two times Dean even fell asleep on Ben’s floor, and Lisa would say how cute it was to see them bonding like that.
. Cas said this man has been working for Castiel’s family for
“I feel like I’m getting the better result in this deal, Dean,” Castiel said. “I don’t know what I have to offer you.”
The other patron looked shocked and disturbed at the outburst, not that Castiel could see behind him. Most customer service workers would hate Castiel for his rude outburst, but Meg just laughed hysterically as if she heard the best joke in the world.
Jack gave him a peculiar look. “I’m not going to. My mom raised me right while she could.”
“Oooh, even more uptight and prickly than usual,” Gabriel commented. “I thought you had someone to loosen you up now.”
“Good Morning, Mr. Winchester,” the man said with a heavy Russian accent. Dean eyed the man and imagined sunglasses over his face. This was definitely the man in the photographs he was trying to identify.
“It’ll pass,” Bobby said.
“Anymore questions?” Castiel asked.
“You’re so fucking huge and it’s been awhile, but god, it feels so nice to have you inside me,” Dean replied. “Keep going.”
But as it was being written, when the author was on the other side of Europe, the government raided his family’s headquarters and instead of being detained and prosecuted, they all got gunned down on the spot!”
Cas let out a soft chuckle. “Do you still think I’m the bad guy you imagined when you were looking into me?”
“That’s pretty convenient,” Castiel purred again, frying Dean’s brain from within. “I’ll see you there.” Castiel stood up and gestured for Jack to walk with him and he let himself sigh a breath of relief. There was almost no way this man could
Dean’s eyebrow arched as he looked at Castiel with confusion. “Remember what?”
“We’ll find him, Jo,” Bobby stated.
Dean sipped on his coffee and he thought about the attractive man that was leaving. He was sure there’d be nobody in town on Grindr. He quickly shook the thought out of his head, he wasn’t ready to jump into anything yet. He could be single and celibate for a while. There was too much to focus on, plus, it would be highly inconsiderate bringing guys or girls back to Sam and Jessica’s house.
Dean Winchester woke up at five-thirty A.M. to the sound of his phone’s alarm. With a groan and a morning stretch to loosen up his tight muscles, he forced himself out of bed to begin his day.
. Ben was going to be Dean’s son. He felt like he already was Ben’s dad. He had never cared or thought about being a father, but he wanted to be Ben’s father
“You really did look for me?” His question was soft and tender, and it made Dean’s breath hitch sharply.
Dean had to turn away from Bobby and hide his eyes in his hands to cry without Bobby seeing. “The Dean Winchester I know didn’t give a damn what anybody thought. He’d deck any fucking bigot in the face if they had the nerve to come after
School would be hard; but if he got to come home to Cas every day and he got to do his homework at a kitchen table and take the occasional look up to see Cas sitting on his living room couch curled up with a coffee, blanket, and a book then…then he could definitely see himself going back to school.
He had gone thirty-five years without a soulmate, and he was at the height of his career, and was so close to finalizing his goal. He didn’t need a soulmate at his side to accomplish all of this so far, and he didn’t need one to finish what he started.
Dean shouldn’t be thinking about romance anyways. He was still getting over Lisa, and this was a temporary location. No point in having someone get attached to him when he was going to leave at some point-it was a strong form of cruelty.
Sam smirked, understanding. Dean hadn’t told Sam the truth about liking guys until his late twenties; it was rough for Dean with their demanding old-fashioned father. Dean just wanted to be a good son and always please his father, and being bi didn’t necessarily fit with that.
Dean tried to muffle toe words “take the tape off” but Castiel just shook his head.
“So, are you feeling about better about the Cas thing?” Sam asked.
Sam shook his head no. “I don’t like taking calls at dinner, especially when my date is so lovely.”
He got off of the bed, and for some reason, Dean felt a pang of disappointment inside. “The windows are reinforced. Anything that could be used as a weapon on us or yourself has been removed from the suite. You have fresh clothing in the dresser. Gabriel will bring you food at mealtimes. More trustworthy guards are posted out the door. Your ankle monitor also has a small explosive if tampered with or if it gets out of range. Please don’t do anything stupid as I’d love to have
,” she said flirtatiously. “I definitely would have remembered you. Are you passing through or new in town?”
“Jo,” Dean greeted, sitting down. “What do we got?”
“What’ja get?” Jess asked.
Dean was wheeled into a sanitary looking white room covered in tarps, which wasn’t a very good sign of what was about to come.
“I don’t have any expectations either,” he said cockily. “So open the door, Cas.”
“Okay,” Dean replied. “I’ll see you tonight.” He was sincere. Whether he called it quits or stayed, he wanted to make a decision by tonight. He just knew he wanted to make it in peace, and without the interference of Sam, Jess, or Charlie.
“But have you met anyone
“You’re definitely not,” she said as she ran the ticket to the back quickly before coming back. “I’d ask guy problems, but there’s no guys in this…..-”. A lightbulb clicked in her head and she turned to him with a piqued interest. “That new guy. The…the…Winchester brother!”
“Oh, well as long as you’re ethical, maybe I should just close the whole file,” Dean suggested sarcastically.
Castiel obliged and continued to move in and out of Dean at a steady pace. Castiel would usually focus on his own stimulation and how hard he could fuck, but now he was focusing on Dean’s face. He was watching every wrinkle, every twitch in his smile, the glistening in his eyes; he listened to the beautiful melody of Dean’s moans and whimpers as he thrust himself inside Dean and pushed and pulled his cock along Dean’s walls.
Michael groaned with annoyance. “You know her, she wants to do bigger and better every year, especially since this is on a vicennial year. I try not to displease her, but I have to draw my line sometimes. What can one do?”
Dean headed downstairs and started his coffee and the kids’ breakfast. Dean made them all a generous helping of cheesy eggs and sausage and bagels. He definitely never thought he would be this kind of guy. He was always a drive-thru guy, picking up burgers and fries for himself, but that was when he was only living for himself.
Cas let out a small smirk, but it wasn’t a happy one. It was when you laughed at the irony of losing, or you were so impressed with being beat. “It was hard enough to plan a life always on the run. I don’t think I can get your kids to join us, and I get the feeling you’re not going to want me moving in given the circumstance.”
He looked up with a  confused expression at everyone on the couch. Bobby was neutral, and Sam looked like he was sitting on a secret. Karen and Jess seemed to have pleased smiles, though.
had been his only focus or goal.
He took his hand away and broke his gaze away from Castiel. “I’m sorry, Cas.” His voice cracked weakly and unevenly. His throat and lungs were straining from the stress building within him. “But I can’t do this. We can’t guarantee we won’t hurt each other further.”
“Oh I know,” Castiel replied. “We all had to work and climb back up from the gutters to get to where we are, and I cannot state that I found it to be a positive experience.”
“I’m not here to poison you, Markoff,” Castiel reassured.
“Dean?” Sam asked when he heard Dean coming from down the hall.
Castiel let out an amused hum. “And when was this?”
Dean let out an amused chuckle. “I didn’t even think you could make it that way.”
“Sorry to disappoint, Cas,” he added.
instead of executing you.”
Dean didn’t reply as quickly to that question as the rest. He rolled over and was now looking towards Castiel, although he could barely tell. There was the smallest reflection of light in one of his eyes only momentarily. “What do you want me to tell you? You are a crime lord and I’m your hostage.”
“Did you talk to him about this or is this all speculation?” Jo asked.
“Only if you promise me you’ll drive that getaway car fast so I won’t have to,” Dean replied.
I put a bullet in that bastard’s face, and I get those kids in my arms again, I am quitting the life. I’m going into hiding with them. The FBI can try to keep searching for me if they so desire, but I promise you that I will be done doing activities to even be on their radar. You can decide whether you want to believe that or not.”
“Sort of, yeah,” Dean agreed. “There’s few better places to be than under the hood of a car.”
I can be.”
How did Castiel Novak make such an impact on Dean in three short years that it would cause him to be completely wrecked for an entire decade? He used to be cool, suave, and charming. But something about Castiel made him feel like a giddy teenager all over again, young and hopeful for love- a Dean Winchester that thought his whole future was ahead of him and there’s always be that blue eyed man in it; a Dean Winchester that wasn’t dragged out of Nebraska that had to see the love of his life fade away in the rear view.
Cas must have realized what this was for and he leaned back to look Dean in the eye. “I’m not going anywhere, Dean.” That continued to relieve Dean of some of his anxiety for a moment, and he smiled back before looking at Cas’s shirt.
“Because I do not wish to talk to people right now,” Castiel said as he took off his trench coat and hung it on his coatrack by the door.
“Because you’re visibly
He chuckled as he took a bite of his food. He really outdid himself tonight, he thought. As he tried to sign to Eileen about her thought, his phone began to ring from the counter, drawing his attention, interrupting his question.
He walked along the bookshelves and reviewed the categories. ‘Romance Fiction’. Pass. ‘Historical Fiction’. Pass. ‘Murder Mystery’. Maybe.
Dean ignored him as he headed straight to the kitchen. He fetched the beer bottle opener from the drawer and popped the caps off, dumping all the contents into the sink. Jess and Sam just sat in tense silence as Dean poured. Once those were empty, he loudly dropped all three glass bottles into their recycling bin before taking two bottles of water from the fridge.
The guards changed after a while and the new one had food for Deana s Castiel promised. He had to be fed with a fork, which was humiliating, but maybe it would all be over soon. If Cas was being serious, if he was really going to be freed, he’d get to see his children soon. He was going to hold them so tight.
He took Dean’s partially drunken wine glass and poured the remnants into his. The light hit the glass in a way where Cas could see the film left behind from Dean’s lips. The last thing Dean’s lips in this apartment were this glass, and not him.
him. Dean knew it was only to get under it skin
But he felt guilty for hurting Cas this way. It wasn’t fair when Lisa did it to him, and he couldn’t bear to do it to Cas now. Dean couldn’t guarantee he wouldn’t hurt Cas again once they get more invested; and he
Castiel wished he could have gotten a normal 20’s life with Dean. Neither of them had it easy, and they both deserved better than what they had. Castiel just wished they had more time together.
“You’re such a pain,” the guard said as he reapplied the tape, causing Dean to yell under the seal. The guard lifted the blunt end of his gun and then struck Dean with it.
Dean chucked. “Duly noted.”
“I’m sure Castiel didn’t realize-”
“Are we allowed to just not show up for family dinner? Has it been done before?” she asked with almost legitimate concern.
He made his way to the lobby as requested and he tried to settle his nerves as he waited for Castiel. There was so much riding on this reveal. What if Castiel left right now? What if they went upstairs and it wasn’t a match after all? Why couldn’t Dean just have the one sliver of happiness?
Gabriel gave him a look as if to ask ‘late night with the boyfriend?’ to which Castiel responded with a glare that read ‘I don’t want to talk about it’ before turning to the two people in the room.
“Not as smart as my darling sister,” Castiel objected. “I know you do everything for our eldest siblings. The family business would fall apart without you.”
The man chuckled as he flicked some dead ash from the end of his burning cigarette. “I do wish it was that easy, I really do. I could have slept in today.”
“Are you here to drink and forget something or are you here to get out on a Friday night?” she clarified.
Dean confirmed Cas’s suspicion with a nod. “I did. I was missing you so bad, Cas, and when I read it, I felt like you were there with me- and then I knew that I needed the real you with me too.”
“You are a hostage, Dean. Must I remind you?” Castiel asked.
Karen started emitting a happy, crying squeal as she rushed over, sans drinks to hug the happy couple. Bobby looked partially emotional, but was pretty sound. “Congratulations you two. That’s one lucky child you’ll have.”
“And we still don’t know what that is,” Jo replied. “Perhaps we’re running out of time.”
There was something about the man’s confidence that really turned Dean on. He had never navigated these roles with a guy before. Sure he would refrain from texting to not appear desperate, and to keep the girl from being clingy, but Dean
“Oh hell yes,” Dean enthusiastically agreed.
“I’m proud of Sam for being a lawyer, but I’m proud as hell for you too, Dean. All you’ve ever done your whole life is be your father’s punching bag to protect Sam from anything and everything, and you survived. And despite his hate and his ignorance, you unapologetically live your life as a proud bisexual man who never cared a damn what anyone thought, and that takes more strength and courage than I could ever dream about. Sammy turned out all successful because of
“Oh, thank you, Karen,” Jessica replied. She hugged Karen next after Sam as Ellen and Jo brought over plates and glasses from them all.
He went to take another bite when it began to ring again, and he knew something must be important. He gestured for Eileen to give him a moment, and he headed to his phone. The number saved was for Jack and Claire’s day care, and he felt himself tense up a bit.
Cas chuckled and took a drink of his cocktail before setting it back down. “That’s a big ask, Winchester.”
Bobby let out a small chortle in response. “I don’t lie to my sons like that.”
“I gotta say, I love your dedication to authenticity, but if we were going to do a professor and student role play, we could have just done it at your place,” Dean said with a flirtatious wink.
the man intensely. He was a fit man, exactly how an elite agent would be. He had to admit he was particularly handsome, prettier than some of the whores he had hired for himself. His piercing emerald eyes did affect him more than he would like to admit to.
Dean eyed where Cas’s finger was resting. He angled himself a little bit better to see a book titled
“You’re insufferable.”
“Absolutely.”
“Good Morning, Dean,” Sam greeted. “Sleep well?”
Dean looked like he was thinking something over as he scooched away from him to give him space to sit up. “Before you go, I want to ask a very fair question. I do not want you to feel manipulated, so I will respect if you do not tell me.”
“You know I’ve been trying to get him to drink less!” Karen said, but there wasn’t actually any hostility in her voice.
“Fuck me,” Dean mumbled as he quickly left the bathroom, trying to minimize the time Jessica would have to ask questions.
They watched the first football game as the pies cooked and Sam agreed to D.D for Jess and Dean, so they started ‘pre-gaming’ a bottle of wine they already had at the house. Dean really loved getting to hang out with Jessica; he had only ever seen her for a day at a time. She was much more fun than Sam was, although he still loved him to death.
everything in the room.
Castiel just continued to look at Dean with all of his focus and attention. It made Dean feel like he was under a microscope or spotlight; his heart was racing and he was so afraid. He was on trial right now, and Castiel was the judge and jury, determining whether or not Dean was worthy of his love and respect.
“Of course, Cas,” Dean replied.
good excuse for not visiting in ten years.”
“I actually feel fine aside from my side and my dignity from being sexually manhandled in my sleep,” Dean said.
Castiel let out a soft smile, not because the words were funny, but because the opposite. They cut him so deep his body was tricking him into feeling positive to prevent from breaking. “You think you have me pegged. I’m going to do myself a favor and chalk this up to you having a bad day and being cranky for me waking you up. Goodnight, Dean.”
“You’re a good man, Castiel Kline,” Dean said peacefully as he drifted to sleep. If he felt Castiel tense up and his heartrate pick up, he surely must have imagined it.
“Oh, so you
Once he had it, he opened it up and his fingers dug in until they pulled out two square aluminum packets. He held them up so Dean could see and the man’s eyes got wide.
“So, I know you want to take things slow and all, and there’s certain rules players like you need to follow, but, uh, don’t feel like you need to wait three days just to text if you don’t want to,” Cas suggested.
“Whatever pays the bills,” she said. “It pay well?”
good.
He found the phone and made his way to Castiel, setting the phone gently in his hands. Castiel looked at the screen curiously and smiled before looking up at Dean, who took that as his cue to turn around.
“I want to be inside you so bad, Dean Winchester,” Castiel uttered. “I want to wreck you like you wreck me.”
He stood up and slowly made his way to the door. “Dean.” Dean pauses momentarily at the door, just to consider if he’s making the right decision.
Cas laughed heartily at the reference, leaning his head forward into Dean’s chest to hold himself before he was able to look back up, visibly attempting to hold his large grin slightly back so he could at least try to pretend to have a serious conversation with his lover. “That folly arrogance is going to be your hubris, Dean Winchester.”
Jessica opened the door and was surprised to see the town librarian on the other side of her door . “Castiel? Good evening, what a surprise to see you here.”
“He needs to grieve,” Sam said softly.
his soulmate this second, but it was nice to think about.
“I don’t care,” Dean replied with a coy smile. “Just kiss me already, damnit.”
“All I wanted was to find my family’s killer,” Castiel replied. “I’ll be more than transparent about my motives and methods during my official questioning as part of my deal.”
“Precisely. She came to me seeking advice on how to flush the rat out,” he explained, sighing heavily. “Sadly, I worry if I accidentally accelerated her inevitable betrayal.”
“If I’m being honest, Missouri, I don’t know if you’ll like what you see. You see, the man I love is Castiel Novak. A little over a month ago, I was engaged to someone else completely. I really thought she was the one. But we had problems that she didn’t want to fix, and I didn’t have the chance to. Although, maybe I did, and missed them. It’s possible. But honestly? I’m kind of glad she did, because I got to meet Cas. The first time I saw him, I was just…..I was floored. I tried to resist him, I really did. I thought I needed time to work on myself, and I wanted to give myself that time.
“Gotta love my boys,” Jessica said. “Dean, this is Anna Milton, Castiel’s sister,” Jessica announced.
Jack shrugged and looked non-committal at the question. “I liked my life with my mom. This city’s not exciting, but Michael is paying for my college.”
A small flower boy began to walk down the aisle first, throwing petals to pave the way for the rest of the party. Dean smiled softly at the breaking of norms at this queer wedding. It makes him wish he could have been more authentically himself sooner. He took a glance over at Cas, who was smiling fondly towards the aisle. It was a beautiful smile that he desperately missed.
“My apologies for bringing it up then,” Balthazar said.
“That’s not a life I want for you,” Dean said.
Every booth was connected by a zigzagging canopy of string lights, and there was a walking path with hundreds of arches which were also decorated with garland and lighting.
“Dean,” Cas’s soothing voice said from behind as he placed a comforting hand on his shoulder before coming into Dean’s view. Dean must have looked more wrecked than he anticipated because Castiel’s face was concerned. “I’m here now, Dean. I’m not going to let you go again.”
“You’re hilarious,” Dean replied, unamused. He knew Sam wasn’t actually being offensive, Sam would never. If anything, they supported Dean because while Dean had mostly only been with women, Sam was the only one who would ever suggest him look for guys too.
Dean laughed a bit at that remark, it wasn’t often a stranger would poke fun at themselves like that. “And uh, what did the arrow stand for?”
“No, if I’m going to be an inconvenience or a liability, forget I ask,” Dean insisted.
“This one appears to be from Dean,” he said cheerfully, giving his boyfriend an excited look. He wasn’t one of the guys that tediously unpeeled the paper to save it, much to Dean’s relief (he
“I’m sorry about them,” Dean stated as they made their way to Castiel’s blue sedan on the street.
Dean sheepishly chuckled, visibly embarrassed about being the weird one and getting caught acting strange. “I’ve never been much of a reader,” Dean answered. “But I used to love watching Game of Thrones or Star Trek with my so-”.
“Oh yeah, and what do you want to be when you’re older?” Dean asked.
“You have some nice ones,” the man replied. “I am a fan of ‘bite the bullet’ to mean ‘finish quickly’, because if you were to bite a bullet, you would be dead, and I get the feeling you will be dead soon enough, Mr. Winchester.”
Alamander walked out on his only shot at happiness, just as Dean had. But he hadn’t done it to protect Cas, he did it to protect himself. He wasn’t as selfless like that.
Dean felt some tears begin to build in his eyes, and he felt his lungs begin to tighten. He loved Ben so much, and his biggest fear was that he wasn’t handling this breakup well. It appeared he was not.
me because we come from two separate worlds.”
He took a deep breath to compose himself. He was looking nice for
Dean turned his head around and looked at him with an entertained intrigued. “Face-fucking me in the bathroom wasn’t exactly
Anastasia’s expression lit up when she saw Castiel in the door frame from the reflective glass. She turned around, smiling widely with the happiest expression Castiel had ever seen on her. “There is my favorite brother! Everyone, give us a moment together!”
Work at the auto shop was going really well. Dean was diligently saving large portions of his paychecks to rebuild his savings account; although now that he had Castiel, he didn’t really think he’d be leaving Angel City anymore. He looked around Bobby and Karen’s living room which was currently featuring himself, Sam, Jess, and Cas. He had everything he needed right here in this room.
“He’s good,” Dean said. “Things seem like they’re getting more serious than I was expecting or planning, but he kind of makes the risk worth it.”
One of them prepped the transport as the other prepared a sedative needle to move him effectively. Castiel tuned out the noises of the wife as Mr. Bortnik was removed from the chair and placed on the gurney to be rolled away to Castiel’s white room.
“You sound just like him, which is what I am avoiding. Can I have the rest of my breakfast in non-personally invasive silence?” Cas asked, thoroughly done with Meg’s antics.
“Of course,” Ellen replied. “There’s no place like home. I know you had a lot of them, but I had hoped this one was different.”
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean asked.
A small smile twitched on Castiel’s face at the confession. Dean maybe thought he was being too sappy, but he didn’t care right now. He wanted his best friend to know he tried. “I’m sorry about that. I’ve thought about it, but social media isn’t really my thing, despite the benefits.”
“Everything is going to be alright, Dean,” he though he heard Castiel say before everything went dark.
Castiel stepped into the room cautiously, still staying close to the door. “And how did you feel about the prospect of seeing me?”
Sam shook his head at Dean’s antics, but Dean’s behavior was probably solidifying his suggestion in his mind. Dean threw on his leather jacket and headed out the door.
“And your parents?” Dean asked.
“We’re already soulmates,” Castiel replied. “Maybe this is why.”
“Some say the world will end in fire,” Castiel meticulously said, picking up a blowtorch from the table and turning to the man. The fear grew in his eyes as Castiel pressed the button, activating the flames. “Some say in ice.” He reached behind him and held up a syringe that was filled with a liquid which he man wouldn’t be able to identify, but Castiel knew it to be a vehemently unpleasant poison.
“Wait,” Dean interrupted. Cas looked surprised, but intrigued at Dean’s abruption.
got accustomed to the suite.”
“I’m unforgettable.”
“A lot of people thought we may have been, but I think Dean had his sights on someone else,” she said with an implying tone.
the handsome gentleman. I hope you’re enjoying our little town. It’s not a whole lot, but the people in it are what makes it special.”
Dean was kissing Castiel slowly and tenderly as they held each other in the dim mood lighting. Dean moved his hands to unbutton Castiel’s shirt. The fabric opened up and revealed the intricate artwork on Castiel’s chest. Dean eventually got the shirt to shed off and he roamed his hands on Castiel’s chest.
“I think I’m the exact level of good that you deserve, and you shouldn’t feel guilty about that,” Dean replied as he leaned in and kissed Castiel’s neck.
Dean turned to see three beers still left over from his binge weekend. He forced himself out of bed and grabbed the three of them and opened the door to head into the living area. He didn’t care that he was shirtless, in only his boxers right now, and that he didn’t shower all weekend yet, or that Jess was going to see him this way.
He stepped off the elevator and made his way down the corridor all the way to Dean’s room. The guard nodded to greet Castiel as he inserted his key card to unlock the door.
“How much do you fuck, Cas?” Castiel raised his eyes to meet Dean’s. He was looking at Castiel with intrigue. “Some of those guards of yours are pretty hot.”
. How could Dean talk so sweetly about something so sexual? And how did it make him feel so loved? He removed himself from Dean, causing the man to make a small gasp once Castiel fully exited him, and he wrapped an arm underneath Dean to slowly roll themselves over.
Dean took the condom out of Cas’s hands and silenced him with his mouth. “What’s in the past is in the past, Cas,” Dean said after he broke their kiss off. “We’re in this together, now.”
Gabriel chuckled to himself. “You had it bad, bro.”
They talked about their Thanksgivings during the drive; Charlie had gone to her friend Benny’s house in Lawrence. They had met in the GSA club in college and Charlie excitedly offered to introduce them, which Dean politely declined for now.
“Good. That means I can let him wait for a while. Thank you. You may return to your post,” Castiel instructed.
“I didn’t mean to disturb you,” Castiel said softly.
“An amazing guy who lied to me about who he was, and probably thinks of me as his poor little pet project,” Dean replied.
want to be left alone tonight.”
Castiel let out an amused hum. “You sound awake to me.”
but sexualizing his incredibly hot hostage was significantly better than dwelling on the fact this man was his
When Thursday rolled around and it. Was time to take his hour long lunch, Dean drove off around the block to Castiel’s library. He carried his two completed books inside and made his way to the front desk and rung the service bell.
“Thank you, Jess,” Cas replied. “And thank you Dean as well.”  He leaned over and kissed Dean appreciatively. It was less than two seconds long, given that they were in front of family, but something about Christmas morning kisses with Castiel made the day that more magical.
Castiel gave out an order in Russian as Dean was being blindly manhandled and escorted through the suite. He was shoved down and he luckily landed on the couch. Hands grabbed his feet and slipped on socks and shoes quickly before he was lifted back up.
“Hello, Dean,” stated a overly-familiar low and gravely voice. His heart skipped a beat for a moment and he stood up, rotating himself as he rose to face the man who greeted him. First his eyes were following an exquisitely tailored suit up a to clean-shaven strong jaw that rested underneath plump lips, a thin nose, and the world’s bluest eyes that he had ever seen .
“What about my happiness, Dad?”
“And do you have evidence of us committing crimes against the US?” Castiel asked.
He rubbed his temples and took a deep breath to take the edge off his stress. The entire day he had talked to potential allies, roughed up and threatened enemies. He even put a bullet in someone’s brain today. His day started early and it ended late, and if he was being honest, and he not had a moment of resting at the restaurant with that wine, he’d have burnt out hours ago.
Dean smirked confidently as he wrapped his fingers into Cas’s and leaned in low to his space. “Don’t tell me you want us to stuff stockings in front of all these people,” he said playfully and quietly into Cas’s ear.
“Sure do,” Bobby confirmed. “We were working on it, tuning it up, getting it back into condition shortly before your father’s condition deteriorated. He always wanted it to stay in the family. Anyways, we got it running again. It’s as close to new as she can be given she’s half a century old. Sam mentioned you were coming by bus, you’ll definitely want a car so you can get to work on time.”
“So you knew Dad was your soulmate?” Dean asked.
= = = =
“Oh, I think I’m hilarious,” the man replied. “I think, in another life, we could have been friends.”
Castiel winced from the affirmation he didn’t deserve and Dean brought him in for a comforting embrace, when it should have been the other way around.
Dean smiled softly at his words. His tone was always so peaceful and wise. Dean was always incredibly intimidated and uncomfortable around smart, arrogant people; but Dean didn’t get an ounce of arrogance from Cas. And although he felt a little out of his league, Castiel was captivating, and he felt more enriched in his presence.
“I wish I could wake up to you like this every morning,” Castiel tenderly confessed as he ran his hand gently along Dean’s torso.
Dean let out a confused scoff. “You’re joking,” he said. Everyone knew what their soulmate mark was. It was the number one thing everyone looked forward to about turning eighteen. They would wait around, waiting for the minute they were born to check out the spot of skin that panged o they could look at see what it was. You would have a friend with you just in case it was on your back. Sam was the one that told Dean about his.
Cas physically let go of the tension he was holding and Dean kissed his forehead. “I’m sorry for being an ass.”
Cas looked at him almost in disbelief for a moment before his smile warmed up. “I would like that, Dean.”
on Wednesday as well,” Castiel replied with an entertained confusion.
When dinner was done, they headed back to the car and little flurries of snow were gracefully dancing downward. It was a beautiful atmosphere perfectly accompanied by the beautiful gentleman standing before him; the restaurant lights perfectly spotlighting and framing his gorgeous face. He wasn’t sure how Castiel had caused him to let down all his walls so effortlessly, and it was a little terrifying, but he couldn’t imagine a more perfect night.
“Uhm” Dean stuttered as he searched for the words. “First, they’d need a way to contact you, obviously. We didn’t have any phone information of yours when I left, so unless it was somehow unearthed, Gabriel would have to spit it out or lead him to you, which I believe we just evacuated.”
If Dean were to cause trouble, nearly every door would open and an armed guard would stop Dean from leaving.
“A little. I’m going to be ok,” Dean said.
“Well, well, well, it’s Castiel,” Meg said. “Have a seat anywhere, babe.”
“I went to a Renaissance Fair once,” Dean replied. “I loved it.”
Telling Castiel the truth might prevent the meeting, which would prevent him from being rescued. Leaving Castiel in the dark would get him captured and/or killed. “Not good,” Dean said.
“I’m so glad you’re alright,” Jo said.
“Come on is,” Cas said neutrally, aware of the tone for the evening. He lead the way in, giving Dean a look at his ass. God, it looked amazing in those jeans. Why did he have to make this so difficult?
Maybe relationships were only for perfect people, like Sam and Jessica. He wondered what they were doing right. Sam left Dean and their dad too soon to get truly messed up, probably. He wasn’t there for the worst of it, like Dean was.
He grabbed a pair of sunglasses that were on his dresser and thanked whatever deity that was listening for having them somewhere accessible so he didn’t need to hunt them down , and made his way out into the living room.
“Asking for my number already?” Dean teased.
She dismissed his claim with her hands. “It is my wedding day, dearest brother, and I will not take no for an answer. You’ve been away far too long.”
As Dean was typing away, another agent came by their table. “Geesh, that’s a lot of pictures. Are these of your Novak guy?” Zachary Adler was an older agent that had been on many similar cases involving large crime lords, gangs, criminal organizations. He had gotten a good promotion out of it, and now helped to oversee similar cases. Even though they reported to Bobby, Zachary checked in every so often.
Dean smiled softly. “Thanks, Bobby, I appreciate it.” He hung up the phone and turned to Cas. “Are you able to get away with closing the library early?”
Dean’s hand curled up into a fist and he leaned on the wooden counter of the library. He was less sad, and more angry now, and he was sure Castiel could see it. “That really set him off. He starts shouting at me then, and says something like, ‘I didn’t raise any goddamn queer. I’m on my fucking death bed and you have the fucking audacity to hurt me further and make something all about you? You should have kept it to yourself and let me die in peace.’”
“I would love one, thank you, Karen,” Cas said politely.
“With Rowena’s money and the right Christmas spirit, anything is possible,” Sam said humorously.
French Toast? You’ve never changed your order
“Do you want it virgin or with either chocolate liqueur or caramel liqueur?” the woman asked
He put on a robe, grabbed some clean clothes and his travel toiletries, and made his way to the bathroom for a shower. As the hot water cascaded on him, he thought about how this was the first day of his new normal; a house that wasn’t his, a family he third wheeled his way into- it seemed to be a habit of his. Lisa’s house. Lisa and her son. Maybe Dean would never truly have his own place, and if he did, it wouldn’t be as nice. After all, he was just some mechanic with a GED.
Ellen shrugged and began to pour Dean a beer. “That’s life. Your roots grow where they do. You got a job, you gotta stick close to it. It’s such a shame your daddy whisked you away from us, but I know he had to go where the work was.”
“Go home for the day. I know you did those hours on Saturday, anyways” Bobby said.
“That sounds great,” Dean said. “I guess I’ll see you then.”
,-” he gestured to the both of them and did a small wave of his hand to encompass the restaurant. “-but, uhh…..I really wanted to get to know you.”
“How about you, Dean?” Castiel asked, interrupting Dean’s thoughts. “You must have had quite the life too.”
He made his way over to the diner as recommended and headed inside. The bell on the door chimed when Dean entered, and he glanced around. It was a cute, quaint place. There were only about eight booths and a counter that sat about eight as well.
The intimacy and vulnerability was making Castiel tense. “If you snap my neck, they’ll notice eventually and then kill you,” he forced himself to warn.
“Jo,” Bobby’s voice calmly stated, pulling her out of her trance. “Go to the quartering room, get no less than six hours. You’re waiting on multiple departments anyways. We can wake up to fresh news.”
Castiel contemplated. Dean knowing the plans or the goal
what Castiel had fantasized about, with less fun details of course, but yes. “Maybe not a homecooked meal,” Castiel replied. “But talking to you sounded nice.”
Dean let out a small moan and Cas leaned in for a kiss while he gave Dean another few playful strokes. He didn’t want to go all the way in the shower, but he wanted to keep Dean intrigued.
They arrived at the Novak family mansion promptly at six, as was expected. Four of their siblings moved out of Angel City, and the rest stayed behind and lived in the family home. Anna and Castiel were the only ones who decided they wanted a little space and got their own places.
“Poor Castiel Novak. He had such a hard day of being a crime lord, wandering all around Russia where he’s untouchable and can do whatever he wants because he got rich off of the blood of god knows whom. You know who he should have a heart to heart with? His
Castiel huffed. “That doesn’t inspire confidence, Dean. I’ll forever be underserving of you.”
He approached the couch and raised himself, spreading his hands over Castiel’s thighs, teasing the boss’s own growing bulge with the thumbs. “What next for you, sir?”
It was Friday again, two weeks until Christmas Day. Dean was off of work for the week, and he and Cas were making plans to see each other tomorrow night. The thought of seeing Cas had him excited.
“Oh, yeah, totally. We could have grabbed beers, watched football, kidnapped and tortured some people,” Dean replied.
“I hope you’re not disappointed,” the man replied. Dean looked at the piercing blue eyes and the soft, but rugged and masculine frame of the man’s face. He looked like he could be tough and dominating if he chose to, but he has elected to be kind an approachable instead.
happen. He doesn’t know what it is or when it would be, but he knows deep in his heart that
“You don’t need to worry about that anymore,” he said as he gestured over to where Cas and his siblings stood.
Eileen just nodded, holding back her own tears as well. “Me too,” she replied. “But we need to try for Dean.”
“Don’t thank me for nothing, it was your father’s car. It was always meant to be yours,” Bobby replied.
“I’m glad to be home,” Dean said as he set his bag on a chair and made his way to Castiel to kiss him deeply. “Have I ever said how much I love a housewife having dinner ready for me when I get home?”
“I have plenty to be insecure about,” Castiel said. “I’m sure you may as well, although I could hardly how.”
“Sunnyshine Flower and Nursey,” Jo’s distinct voice greeted. “How can I assist you today?”
Dean scoffed, embarrassed. He hid his face with one of his hands. “Bobby, why you gotta be like this?”
Rowena’s face lit up with a coy smile. “Are you trying to find me husband number four?”
“I know you do, baby,” Cas replied as he approached with tape. He sealed Dean’s mouth securely and pressed a kiss on the other side of the plastic. Dean could feel the shape of Cas’s lips. It didn’t make him feel any better about the situation.
“I don’t know yet,” she added. “Maybe an actress!”
“Shit, I- I don’t know. It varies by country. Russia may decide they want him to be kept and tried here if we don’t have enough information to validate there are enough US-based crimes to try him with us,” Dean said. “Maybe at least a week starting with when and if they choose to go that route.”
soulmate.”
here.
a father to him, and he appreciated that sentiment. “It’s not that, Bobby,” Dean said softly. He didn’t want to talk more on the subject any longer. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” Dean stated as he made his way past Bobby, patting him on the shoulder as he passed. Dean heard him sigh as he walked away.
The first half of the week was silent; aside from ‘Good Morning’ texts, his conversations with Cas over text were light, safe. They didn’t flirt, and they weren’t making any plans. As much as it hurt Dean to not be close with Cas, he was utterly afraid getting any closer would hurt more.
He really wished Cas was still in his life, in any capacity. The man was impossible to find. He just missed talking to him about anything and everything. Dean used to spend entire days with Castiel. Cas was his own little escape from his dad and boring life, his suffocating household. He was so closeted then; being with Cas made him feel
“I’ve missed you guys. I….can’t say how much I appreciate this. I hate imposing more than anything,” Dean replied.
hands on missions before, but he was in the office more often than not, especially once the kids got adopted. They knew just the bare minimum to make sense if anything happened to Dean in the worst case scenario.
Dean chuckled. “I notice the wrinkles, so I know you’re lying. You look even more beautiful than high school.”
Dean spent a good chunk of his Sunday reading the vampire book Castiel recommended. It did a great job of keeping Dean’s interest, he couldn’t seem to put it down until it was time to make his way to Roadhouse to watch the football game. Drinking beer and watching football, it was one of the few things that made him feel normal and happy again.
“Will I not ruin the dress?” Castiel asked.
Dean smiled courteously, if not a little dramatically so. “You must be Castiel.”
“American,” he said with a cocky smile.
“Please don’t lie about that,” Castiel said. “You don’t have to tell me why you don’t want to go with me, but please don’t-”
“I’m well aware, which has made the last few years particularly difficult,” Castiel stated. “Which is why I’m going to show you some pictures. I’ve made it very easy for you. But first, I’m going to give you something.”
Tuesday was similar; he was able to open by himself, and he gave himself more time in the morning to pack himself a lunch. He read in his car on his lunch break while eating a PB & J sandwich.
Cas grinned eagerly at Dean’s cooperation. “Thank you,” he cheerfully replied as he extended his arm to Dean. Dean held his hand and allowed himself to be escorted to Castiel’s car.
= = = =
“Hey, kiddo,” Dean greeted, a bittersweet smile growing on his face. It was so nice hearing Ben’s voice. Dean hadn’t realized just how much he had missed it within two weeks.
“I’m serious, Dean,” Castiel said. “I didn’t want to see what it was. ”
“Mmhmm,” Dean moaned, his mouth still preoccupied kissing Castiel’s wing over and over in every place he could until he was satiated. “Do you want to see what it is now that you know what it is?”
“One more,” Dean agreed cautiously, with a sly smile, as if he was discretely allowing Castiel to get away with something.
The woman looked down at her arm and smiled. “Mark,” she politely answered. “If yours looks similar, I hate to say, I already met mine.”
“Hands behind your back, through the bars. It’s transport time,” Roman ordered.
“I care, Dean,” Cas insisted. “That’s what I’ve been trying to do, is get to know you. I like you a lot, Dean.”
Dean shook his head. “I figured I pushed my luck with that one, anyways.”
Castiel smiled softly as he stepped even closer. “You’re thinking that just because a fairy tale indicates I may love you down the road that it saves you from being killed within a few days. Sometimes we make rushed decisions that tend to hurt us down the road. I’ve made some before in my life, and you’ve made some too. If I kill you now and regret it ten, twenty years from now-” he gave Dean a playful shrug and a non-committal look. “-I guess I’ll deal with those consequences when I get to them, but you won’t be any less dead. I have more immediate things I need to achieve than finding love so forgive me for not going easy on you.”
“Winchester? You related to that lawyer?” She asked.
“What is this fixer?” Dean asked.
“Well, you’re Russian, you’d want a country distant from the US,” Dean replied. “I’m not a master strategist, but Russia would be convenient to just drop me off at your base of operations,” Dean said.
Dean watched as the gorgeous, immaculately dressed man with rolled up sleeves which revealed fully covered tattoo sleeves approached. The man in question was unmistakably Castiel Novak, The Angel. “Be quiet, Gabriel,” the man’s voice stated sternly.
wedding day!”
They needed more information about his strategies, routines, and also his motives. Their knowledge of Novak was limited, mostly because he was
Dean gave a relieved sigh and a chuckle. Cas was still interested. “I suppose that saves me from saying it all a second time.” He took a few steps closer to Cas and cautiously grabbed one of Cas’s hands. The man didn’t pull back, which was another good sign, and he let Dean look deeply into his eyes. The space between them was minimal, intimate; he could hear the nervousness in Cas’s breathing as if it were the crystal-sharp audio system of the fancy cinema back in Denver.
Dean sighed heavily. “Just in case you needed to be seduced for information. They knew I was the hottest and tightest piece of ass in the office in case you needed to be milked for intel.”
A small smile crept on Jack’s face. “Really?”
call him that!” Castiel shouted, approaching Gabriel with anger, standing over him dominantly in an attempt to strike fear in him. Unfortunately, his brother knew him all too well.
“You must think you’re pretty funny,” Dean stated.
Dean smiled at the thought of Cas being a perfect romantic gentleman. “That’s not necessary, but I appreciate the offer.”
Castiel chuckled. “The family thinks of my writing as a laughing stock.”
She blushed and chuckled, signing thank you when Sam heard the alert go off that a voicemail had been left. Spam callers typically didn’t leave voicemails, but his clients would. But still, it would have to wait.
As soon as they entered Castiel’s penthouse and Gabriel shut the door behind him, Castiel took a random porcelain figurine that was on a decorative table next to him and threw it at the wall, shattering it upon impact. “FUCKKKKKKKKKKK!” Castiel screamed as deafeningly as he could.
He was leaning in to the tub, feeling the water temperature first before getting back up and stepping to Castiel. His hands went down to Cas’s belt buckle and his hands began to unfasten the belt. Cas felt his cock harden. He wasn’t sure how much would be done here since, but he was excited to just be fully naked with clean.
“No,” Castiel said angrily. “Just stay quiet.”
Dean eyed the book front and back, judging the size. He could probably use one to two more. “Surprise me.”
Castiel winced, as if he was flinching, as if he were there No doubt he had his own instances of homophobia or discrimination to relate to. “I got defensive and I ask him why. He turns to me and says ‘I don’t want to see this fag shit.’ I told him right then and there; ‘I like guys and girls, so there’s a fifty percent chance my wedding could be two dudes!”
They took their seats, Cas next to Dean and Jack sat a few more seats down. Dean just continued to look at Castiel with a mesmerized expression. “I just can’t believe you’re here,” Dean said. “I….I’ve tried to find you online, but no dice.”
The man’s eyebrow raised with piqued interest. “So you think we’re in Russia?” Dean tried to feign disappointment, as if he didn’t mean to slip in their mind game, but everything as calculated. He could divulge misleading or insignificant information to delay or prevent certain escalations to an extent. Giving a little info to receive a little info was a strategic reverse-interrogation technique. Of course, if the captors gave out something vital on accident, they’d have to kill you. It was a dangerous game of chess, and Dean hadn’t needed to use it in practice.
Dean heard an alert from his phone and he took it out to check it, and he was surprised to see a text message from Ben on the display. He tensed up and immediately felt his heart beginning to race. “Will you excuse me for a moment?” Dean asked as he headed out to the outdoor seating area of Roadhouse.
“Nonsense,” Jessica replied. “We know you’ll get on your feet soon. Just work and build your savings until you figure out your next move.”
“Please get in the car, I’m freezing,” Castiel pleaded.
Cas let out a small hum through his frown. “Kind of hard for it not to,” Castiel said.
“Well, he changed his mind,” Cas said flatly. He came here to get away from Dean, not talk him about him more.
The doorbell rang and Dean grabbed his leather jacket and made his way to the front door. Sam and Jessica noticed the effort he put in.
“Too frequently,” he said with a scowl, kissing Dean tenderly.
He let go and smiled at her fondly. “Where is the lovely bride-to-be?”
“I got it!” He heard Jessica announce through the walls of the house.
to put ourselves out there. I
“Gabriel has been taken, presumably by the FBI as a bargaining chip to get you back. If that is the case, I will comply with full integrity. He is the only family I have left, and if the choice is between having him or losing him to keep you, then I will have to choose Gabriel,” Castiel explained.
Castiel sighed with exhaustion. He couldn’t get a fucking break, could he? “Things with Dean and I didn’t work out.”
“I’m an excellent doctor, thank you,” Jessica replied with a charming confidence. “So, when are you going to start at Bobby’s?”
Cas smiled and leaned in for another kiss with Dean. It was tender, and they kept their lips together unmoving for longer than a normal kiss should’ve been, but it was nice. They broke free and Dean just smiled at Cas as the both of them stood outside in the light snow.
“Momma likes,” Jess said.
Akobel and Naomi were the next two to come downstairs from their bedrooms or the more lively living dens (the ones on the first floor had no television sets as they were for tea parties or refined socialization only).
“Yeah, I am. Then I moved out to Denver when Dad passed. Nothing was keeping me around anymore,” Dean said.
Dean rolled his eyes and made his way to his room. “Goodnight, Jess,” he said dryly.
“So what am I missing that resulted in you keeping Dean alive, mostly unmaimed, and you two both working together?” Jo asked.
“Castiel?” A voice asked behind him. He turned to see Charlie Bradbury, and he gave her a small smile.
He stroked faster. Maybe he’d make Dean do the work. Tell Dean to sit on his hard cock and bounce on it to serve his master. Would he want to see Dean’s whimpering face or would he want Dean turned around so he could watch his round ass take all of him? Cas had the possibility of being rough and domineering, as well as sweet and intimate if he chose to be; Dean wondered what version of Cas he would be getting-either sexually or just daily.
“Well, it had to be unique so you’d
Castiel fought the tears that came to his eyes as recalled that memory. His glass was empty, and he needed more to drink. Back at the decanter station, he looked at the reflective metal tray underneath. His reflection showed his colorfully branded neck as his muralled, painted arms reached for the crystal container.
“Good,” he replied as he opened the fridge. The light inside nearly blinded him and he winced away from the blinding beam emitting from the chilly torture device.
“Not hating, I just want to see a little more life,” Dean replied.
He stepped out once he was clean and dried off. He was hoping he would feel like a new man, but a hot shower was just a plumbing construct, not some magical machine that would fix everything for him.
He eventually pulled himself back to massage Dean’s gorgeous ass a bit more. He spread the cheeks apart to expose Dean’s center and he dipped his head inward to give it a generous lick with his tongue.
The waitress gave a smirk as she set the menu down in front of Dean. “Nice to meet you, Fine. I’m Meg.”
The man extended his hand outward to Dean to greet him. Dean took it and shook his hand, surprised at the man’s form, professional handshake. “Dean Winchester.”
Castiel just looked straight through Dean, keeping his pain and anger as below the surface as possible. “I hate this book more than I hate anything on this planet.”
He felt Castiel’s fingers trace over the outline of his own mark, as if to memorize it via touch. “I always thought it was pretty, I’m just not really processing what it means. Is it because I flew out here to this wedding?”
“Dean, I’m not trying to psychoanalyze you-”
situation we’re in. Some cruel deity wanted us to be connected.”
Castiel had met his soulmate already, why wouldn’t he have? He was gorgeous, smart and-
Dean just sat in awe and looked at the two picture frames in his hands as he processed everything. Bobby wanted him to own the shop? Sam was maybe going to help him pay his way through school?
The kids were adorable, and they looked so happy, but as soon as Castiel saw the both of them, he felt something within his chest. They didn’t look like Dean at all.
Castiel let go, but still had his hands on Dean’s arms. “Because you’re not bad like you make yourself out to be, because you’re a human being. Your father hurt you deeply in one of the worst ways imaginable, and you reacted in response to your hurt. That is
“So do you think I can thank you for dinner here in the kitchen?” he asked seductively.
“Well..” Bobby stated. “You two were handfuls at one point. But you’re right, I’m harsh on them because I want them to be their best. Your father was tough on you and Sam, slightly too much at times no doubt, but you both turned out exceptionally.”
“But then I would have missed out on cock-blocking you, which is
“Keep that up, and you might just get good morning texts,” Dean playfully threatened.
Dean smiled. His years with Charlie were some of the best in his life. They listened to rock music, played board games, D&D. They were always each other’s plus ones. He was bi, she was a lesbian, they were the perfect duo. “It would actually be really nice to have a friend again,” he said, earning a warm smile from Charlie.
“You know you’re not her type, right?” Sam asked.
“Thank you, Ellen,” Rowena said. “I would never miss it.”
“But yet if I were to kill the wrong suspect, the real traitor would either recoil or run,” Castiel countered.
“No dying in the house,” Jessica stated. “I absolutely forbid it.”
He didn’t go seen Dean that night. He didn’t see Dean the next. He stayed busy on work; following the leads Gleb and Markoff provided and avoiding seeing Dean another date. It wasn’t until he was doing a late night in his office, looking through documents that he had been provided when he was approached by one of his guards.
“Would you, uhh, like to sit by me? We can catch up?” Dean offered, gesturing to the empty row he was in.
“-to say that for destruction ice is also great, and would suffice.” He gave the man a cheerful smile that may have appeared to be genuine under different circumstances. He set the torch and the syringe on a surgical tray on a side table. He grabbed a corner of the duct tape on the man’s mouth and began to peel it off. The sound of skin slowly separating from the adhesive from very pleasing to Castiel until enough of the man’s mouth was freed to moan and whimper.
“Thank you,” Dean told the staff cordially as they left the two of them be. Dean decided maybe the food was a blessing and it would prevent him from embarrassing himself further.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said confidently, knowing damn well what that would do to him. Thy both got up off the floor and headed to the bed. Dean instinctively got on his fours and laid himself low, arching his ass up in the air for Castiel. Castiel was cursing the man under his breath. Who gave this evil FBI Agent the right to be a secret pornstar on the side?
Gabriel smiles and has a sip of his drink. “Well, we can stay here and have a few more drinks, or we can head out.”
Charlie gave him a genuine smile and gestured over to the shops. “Come on, let’s try some retail therapy first.”
He opened his mouth to let more of Dean in, which he took appreciatively. Dean leaned away and Castiel followed him for just a moment before they broke off. Dean was giving him a warm look, and a smile that made Castiel feel so soft and vulnerable, like he was smiling at the version of himself he had long since buried.
“Good evening, Dean. Are you enjoying your first Angel City Christmas Festival?” she asked.
“I wasn’t the one who set her up! Why would I do that to my career!?” the man shouted.
good torturer, you know.”
raised his voice, but his sister was getting on his last nerve after a very terrible twenty-four hours. “I appreciate you checking in on me, but I
“Cas,” Dean said softly. His heart must have returned to his chest because he definitely felt it pounding. It was one thing for him to build up the courage all day long to profess his love, but now he was caught off guard; he felt like his foundation shifted underneath him. This is not what he had planned. “How much of that did you hear?”
“Two dudes and you? Now I see why you’re excited,” Sam teased as he drank his coffee.
him to be.
“I guess,” he replied. He wasn’t as expressive or social like Claire was, but he was just relieved he was responsible and mature for a kid. Young boys could be rambunctious and hyper, he knew he definitely was as a kid.
“Yeah, all that sounds complicated,” Dean replied.
“It’s-” Castiel began stating nervously. “It’s a same-sex romance about two male knights saving the kingdom together. That criteria isn’t for everyone.”
“We are here, Mr. Novak,” the driver said politely.
want to see where this goes with you.”
“Why is the FBI looking into us?” the man asked, not going into more detail about the location or revealing if he knew Dean was lying.
. Once his shirt was on the floor, he wrapped his arms around Castiel, holding their shirtless bodies together. “But it’s
Thanksgiving morning was spent sleeping in. It felt odd getting a holiday after only three days of working, but it was going to be a good day.
Dean took a moment to unwind and regain his composure. He knew he didn’t need to be so defensive, he just didn’t know how to prevent it. This is why he wasn’t planning on anything; the last person he bore his soul to just let him loose after a three year commitment. What was keeping Castiel from doing the same?
“Morning, Dean,” Sam greeted. “You ready for work?”
She rolled her eyes humorously, as if to continue making fun of herself. “We met at an archery range thing. I really scoured those types of areas in hope. Gosh, maybe I
“Cas,” Dean interrupted. “This is at least seventy-five percent Zachary’s fault, at least in my mind, and the part that
Castiel came back a few hours later with some cases and began setting up an intricate computer set up and a hardwire phone. They were preparing to make an untraceable call. Cas was really going to exchange the trade.
He sighed. He couldn’t even be happy with the one person that was supposed to be guaranteed happiness.
“Dean!” He announced. “How’s the car running?”
His eyes looked at him with a playful expression, as if he was being challenged or tested. Dean let out a nervous, entertained scoff at librarian who was choosing now of all times to play with his emotions. “I’m asking you if you feel the same; if you’ll go out with me again, take me back.”
“-I think I won’t have to. Mrs. Bortnik, don’t you want Gleb to find these two little children for me so you can go home?” She cried as she nodded gently, careful not to run her throat into Castiel’s blade. “I think with proper motivation, anything is possible, Gleb. Don’t sell yourself short! I am sure you’ll find a way to get me the information I need. And if you don’t, I mean, I guess we’re back to the bachelor life!”
Dean shut his eyes at the guilt tripping. That was his least favorite phrase. Lisa used it all the time for the most minor of disagreements. “I’ll text you my address, just give me a heads up whenever you’d like to come over. I’ll close the library at five.”
Cas gave a contemplative look. “I’m pretty sure I heard all of it. I saw Jessica rushing you to the booth at a distance, and….I gave in to morbid curiosity because……I was hoping maybe you had a change of heart.”
An intrigued smirk grew on Castiel’s face. “Cas?”
Castiel’s heart race, and he felt like he could almost growl at just how much Dean was activating a primal side of him. “You would have made an excellent crime boss. I’d take orders from you any day.”
He shrugged his clothes off, trying to not wonder if Dean liked them or not, because why would that even matter now? He stepped into the shower and let the hot water cascade on him.           He let the water flow on his face instead of his tears and he just focused all of his attention on the shower, or at least he tried to.
He hit the call button and held the phone up to his ear. It only had to ring once for the dial tone to stop and for him to hear the white noise of a connected call from the other end.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel said.
Dean let out a breathless, exasperated chuckle. How did he admit that he didn’t pay a single moment of alert attention to his best friend’s wedding because he was too busy watching love story daydream films in the cinema of his imagination about him? “It was beautiful,” Dean half-lied. The scenery was, but he had no idea about the ceremony itself.
Dean continued to watch Castiel’s amusement, and he began to picture a forbidden fantasy that he too frequently succumbed to thinking about; what a wedding with Castiel Novak would be like. He had no idea about what Castiel’s adult tastes were like, but he imagined something rustic and rural, like a historic barn.
Alamander built up the courage to do what needed to be done. He wondered if Alamander would reject him after the pain he caused, after being gone for so long, or if maybe he just wasn’t good enough for Ryworth’s refined tastes, but he refused to wallow in pity and be by himself anymore. If he failed, he’d be exactly where he was now, but if he succeeded, he knew deep down that both of their lives would be infinitely better with each other in it.
Dean rolled his eyes and smiled softly. Maybe a little Christmas cheer would do him some good, but he was skeptical. He loved holidays with Ben and Lisa, and he was really hoping this next one wouldn’t be miserable.
“Michael and Lucifer were, mostly, as they were the oldest. Some others. Many of us resigned to our roles. I simply didn’t care, although I can’t say for certain if I subconsciously resigned from the start. I was the second youngest,” he explained.
“I’m on evening rotation currently so I’m up this late anyways, but I definitely would have anyways for you,” she stated.
“What do you want from me?” the man whimpered.
and somehow Cas knew Dean was looking into him.
They arrived at the outlet mall, and it was a cute area. He was expecting a sad strip mall, but there was a large square perimeter of shops and boutiques. The pillars and benches were already decorated for Christmas, as were many of the glass windows in the displays, and there was a large sitting area on two ends of the shops, each with a large Christmas tree already decorated to the fullest.
“Yeah, I know,” he gruffed. “I may have fudged that one slightly to make ya laugh, but who knows? Maybe there’s some truth to it. Karen and I were never wild or exciting in our youth. Passion died a little quick, but we were comfortable and tender. Trying and failing to have children….that really exhausted us emotionally and romantically. To tell you the truth, we maybe didn’t make it.”
He got his first paycheck from Bobby, and he put some into savings, paid down his credit card that had gotten abused when he crashed at a motel after Lisa kicked him out, and would keep the rest, but mind his spending. Sam refused any rent from Dean, and encouraged Dean to save some more, so he did.
“Congratulations. Don’t worry, I’m not looking for anything,” she said before contemplating. “Well, I’m not looking for your
Dean’s fingers ran over some cuts and bruises from their jump out of the car. They were both pretty banged and bruised up. The front desk worker was probably horrified at the sight. Dean removed himself from Castiel’s lips and smiled at him.
They finally got to Sam and Jessica’s house just before one A.M, and they made their way inside. Jessica was still awake in the living room watching TV. When she saw Dean and Sam come through the door, she stood up with a smile and made her way to Dean.
“Anyone really know if she’s blowing smoke about the love thing?” Dean asked.
He needed to warn Cas. He began to wiggle in the ropes. Since he was conscious this time, he was able to bulk himself up a certain way to allow slack. But what if he made a noise? Zachary could step out and shoot him under the guise of stopping the hostage escape. Cas wasn’t forthcoming about their relationship.
“Are you sure about this, Dean? You’ve been very back and forth, and you haven’t exactly known him long. ‘Love’ is a strong word,” Sam replied.
He made his way to Dean’s suite, knowing he was going to regret this decision immensely, but sometimes people just want bad things that will hurt them because they’ll make them feel good first. It was an agreeable tradeoff.
Sam was right though.
“I’ll toe the line real careful, I promise.”
“I didn’t want this life, Dean. I desperately tried to have absolutely nothing to do with it. I was raised to be a soldier against my will, and I hated everything about it and there’s nothing I wanted less than to be in the position I am and doing to the things I do to people. But I abandoned my family, and in their hour of need I wasn’t here to protect them. I could have done
“Cas-” Dean said softly in surprise. Castiel just called him his soulmate. Cas just confessed that he had feelings for Dean, the same feelings he himself was harboring. “All I’ve done every day since I got my mark was hope that I’d see you again, and there’s nothing I’ve ever wanted more than your mark to match mine.”
“Question him in the morning, and I’ll show up when I show up to take care of the rest. Now get the fuck out of my penthouse,” Castiel ordered.
“Sam Winchester,” he said as he answered.
Although the walk was in silence and he seemed calm for now, he felt like a pressure cooker ready to overflow with anger and violence.
“I appreciate it,” Castiel said. “But I’d prefer to be on my own for now.”
“I hope you don’t think less of me for knowing how to hotwire a car,” Castiel said.
“Come on, Gabriel,” Castiel sternly ordered as he headed out of the room as quickly as he initially entered.
“This is what I call the mild dose. This is twenty percent potency. The forty percent will be extraordinarily painful. Sixty will have you live with extreme health effects for the rest of your life, and eighty will have you begging me to kill you, which I will not do quickly,” Castiel described.
Castiel chuckled in response. “Very easily, Dean. I’m a
Castiel eventually broke off the kiss, looking around self-consciously, hoping they didn’t get too many stares. Dean chuckled embarrassingly, but he didn’t care. He just got to kiss the lips he had been dreaming about kissing since he was in high school.
“There’s a whole lot. And yes, you have plenty of time to decide,” Dean agreed. “Okay, everyone, go wash your hands and get to the table. Dinner is about to be served!”
The interrogator looked at him inquisitively. It didn’t appear he’d fall for Dean’s fishing scene and confirm if this was the base Dean had narrowed down. Maybe this guy wasn’t as dumb as he looked. “Safehouses are like whores, you want two in every city.”
Once he and his legs were fully restrained, the blindfold was removed. He appeared to be in a random warehouse-esque space. Definitely prime for torturing. Castiel wasn’t looking at him, and he seemed stressed, like he was contemplating something and he was very uncomfortable.
He turned the car off and made his way through the small parking lot and wandered right through the front door. A decade had passed, and the interior hadn’t changed a bit. It had a rustic, American-made, down-to-earth feel that Dean admired. Ellen’s father had built the bar himself, and he built it well; it was still in phenomenal condition.
“You have no idea. I just hope I left a good impression as well,” Dean replied.
“Sammy, I’ve been here like, three and a half weeks. I shouldn’t be rushing into bed for the first pair of blue eyes I see. I need to remain single for a while. I was engaged last month, I need some Dean time,” he insisted.
He wished he had the opportunity to ask Jo if he’d be here tomorrow. God, he hoped Cas would be here tomorrow.
“You will do no such thing!” Michael ordered.
He grabbed his keys and his trench coat and headed outside to his car. He was in the mood to go to Bela’s Diner. He tried to get breakfast there once a week, or at the very least, every other. Sure, pancakes were quick and easy to make himself, and it would have been faster than driving all the way to the diner, but he didn’t have to clean up as many pans this way.
“Perhaps he’ll do something that’ll reveal more information, like his location, or maybe something that’ll warrant something more hands-on,” Dean said.
“Perfect, thank you,” Dean stated.
Castiel gave an exasperated expression. “I didn’t realize I was under a fucking investigation for breakfast,” he snapped.
She approached behind the counter and poured Castiel a cup of coffee. “Pancakes, sausage, two scrambled eggs?” she asked, knowing his order well enough from his frequent visits.
“Catch up with you later,” he said to Charlie as he jogged over, wrapping his arms around Cas. “What’s this about people trying to take you from me after I just got you back?”
Sam laughed in response. “I didn’t see it, but Jess described it. I also could have done without.”
He was opening up the shop Wednesday morning before Garth and Jack arrived. Dean wondered if Castiel said anything to Jack about their date. He could see how it could be weird for his supervisor to be dating his uncle, but the boy said nothing the past two days.
“A side of French toast as well, please,” Castiel requested.
“Getting the cars out of here faster will be great for business,” Bobby said.
“I suppose it’s a small world, like running into you here,” Dean said.
“Ok, Dad,” he said as he let go. Dean let go as well and Jack made his way to his seat at the table to begin eating his breakfast.
“Hot date?” Sam asked in confusion.
“Where are we going today?” Dean asked with a soft smile.
“It’s fine, Jack. I said let’s drop the conversation. Raphael, any interesting mortgage rate news or Naomi, any potential murders?” Cas pleaded, begging for any type of topic change.
He slowly approached, trying to be as quiet as he could, until he could lean against the wall and look at Dean.
“Grandfather,” Bobby repeated with a small, growing smile. It was clear he was holding more back but he turned back to Sam with his composure. “I like the sound of that.”
It was Christmas Morning, 2021. Castiel and Dean had decided to set Christmas Eve as their official anniversary, which they celebrated last night at another annual winter festival.
“Can’t tell you,” Dean replied.
Dean’s father moved him and his brother around the country often. Dean was utterly amazed that they had spent three years in Nebraska, beating out the previous two records of eighteen months and thirteen months. For most places in his past, it was a year or less for the Winchesters.
“You okay, brother?” Gabriel asked with concern in his voice.
“I’m not one to kiss and tell,” he replied.
“GABRIEL!” Cas shouted again, earning Dean a laugh.
Dean huffed in amusement at the way the other man spoke. He was overtly elegant with his word choice. “You definitely speak like a librarian.” Castiel have him a questioning look, and Dean immediately felt bad about his comment. “I didn’t mean it in a bad way, I’m sorry. I know I probably look like some d-bag bully but that wasn’t my intent.”
It had to be a coincidence, right? There was no way of her possibly knowing any of this. Although, if she
“Unfortunately, she is only an acquaintance, but she is very charming and pleasant based off of the interactions I’ve had with her at the library,” he explained. This had Dean curious. Did this mean Cas was hoping Dean was bi or gay imply by being in association with Charlie? Technically, Dean wasn’t sure about Cas either, only that he liked a book about two gay knights. Perhaps Dean was reading too much into things.
“I think so too,” Dean sighed, taking Castiel’s hand and kissing it, which was quickly becoming one of his favorite things to do.
“How many books are you looking for?” Castiel asked.
Why did Dean want to see him? Was he missing Castiel, or did he want information and he realized he wasn’t being given opportunities to lull them from him? Maybe he’d seduce ‘The Angel’ into giving him his freedom? He figured he’d never know until he saw Dean.
“You,” Dean replied. “Always you.”
“Mr. Novak likes a well-behaved man,” Roman said condescendingly. The needle was removed and Dean’s legs felt too weak to support his strength. He slid against the iron bars, slowly descending to the ground before the weight shifted too much, causing him to collapse with a thud.
Right now, he just wanted to focus on finding Novak. He sifted through his leads and photos, every little bit of information would hopefully bring them one step closer to finding Novak.
“Hey there, stranger,” she said with a faint smile. “Business or pleasure?”
“Don’t bother on Saturday, just head home, don’t worry about your paycheck, son,” Bobby said.
“That
“No, I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean said. “I should have told you what you meant to me back in high school.” He pressed his mouth against Castiel’s and kissed him with as much passion and sincerity that would translate through his lips.
A woman approximately Bobby’s age, maybe slightly younger, and a blonde girl around Dean’s age approached their table. “So you’re the infamous Dean Bobby and Sam have told us about,” the older woman said. “It’s nice to finally meet ya. I’m Ellen.” Dean shook her hand and have her a warm smile. “This one here is Jo.”
“That is a relief,” Castiel said. Dean didn’t realize he hadn’t responded, he was just taking in Castiel’s face, unsure why. There was something about Castiel that made him feel at ease for the first time since entering town.
,” Dean said as he leaned forward to kiss him softly.
“Easier said than done,” Castiel said as he tried to ease himself under Dean’s touch. He wasn’t like this. He was supposed to be the boss. He was supposed to be the one with power, the one in control. This stupid FBI Agent had to ruin everything.
He took a small cannister out of his pocket and removed the lid to procure a small paper strip. The man dipped the paper into the wine for a few seconds before removing it to examine it. Although Castiel still had some in his glass, he took the bottle next and poured a few additional ounces for himself. Once the bottle was set down, Castiel took a drink himself out of good faith.
“Come in!” he shouted.
“Are you sure? Why do you keep talking, then?” Dean replied.
“Yes, I am aware. What does he want?” Castiel asked.
“Just doing some shopping with my friend, Charlie,” Dean replied.
“I’m just trying to move up the corporate ladder, Dean. A working man such as yourself should understand. You don’t have a job left to go to, that doesn’t mean you should prevent me from doing better in mine,” Roman explained.
“What do you do?” Gabriela sked.
Dean had a real excited look on his face. “Caramel, please!”
The car ride back to Dean’s was thick with
The man smirked, appreciative of his boldness, and did as instructed. He slowly unbuttoned his jacket, and upon the removal, made a slightly larger production of wiggling out of it than what was needed, but it was nice to see the tucked dress shirt stretch against the call boy’s muscles.
“You don’t look like a reader,” Jack replied. “No offense.”
Dean ran his hands along Castiel’s torso as they kissed each other for a few moments before it was time for Dean to assume the position. He straddled Castiel’s lap and reached behind him before he paused. “We were already looking at each other, do you want me to do this reverse cowboy?”
Dean smiled. Bobby
They continued to kiss as they mellowed down from their highs. Cas laid them both down and he removed himself from Dean, shucking the condom away in the trash before crawling under the covers with Dean and pulling him into his arms.
Castiel continued to kiss and suck Dean’s back muscles as he grabbed the soap again and poured some on his fingers. There was a certain part of Dean that needed cleaning…
to be. Dean
“Did you cook for us?” Sam asked, getting distracted from the conversation at hand. “Your timing couldn’t be better. Cooking was the last thing I wanted to do today, thank you so much!”
“Sam? Jess?” Karen asked.
“Hence why I said
kill you,” Sam stated.
head of a growing Russian Mafia that had been growing steadily over the past two years. They’ve linked him to arms deals to multiple other big crime players as well as some smaller countries. He’s evasive, and half the world away, but the United States has determined he is a large enough to be monitored, but not large enough to start a war over.
“I’ll be as mean as you want,” Dean teased, earning a smile from Jo.
“Dean! Cas! Where are my congratulatory hugs!? If you’re going to throw me under the bus like that, the very least you can do is get in on this group hug!” Jess ordered.
Thank you so much for reading! This was an exciting event and I am happy I got to take part in it! Thank you again, SissyRay, for the concept, your support, and your art!
Security at the FBI building was elaborate, but necessarily so. After scanning his ID and showing his badge at multiple checkpoints, he finally got to his desk space. His partner Jo was already at hers.
He lifted up the syringe he had earlier and flicked it, ensuring any large bubbles would not make it to his blood stream. “Is that truth serum?” the man asked. Castiel chuckled, picking up the hopeful tone in his voice.
“I’ll bet. That conversation should be plenty…uhhh…what was this American phrase? ‘spank bank’ material? To last you a while, that is,” Gabriel genially replied with a playful smile.
“Would you be any happier living with me?” Castiel asked.
“I might forget,” Castiel replied cheekily.
“Sam Winchester, this is Allison from the After School Program at Lincoln Elementary. We have you listed as an emergency contact for Dean, Claire, and Jack Winchester.”
He would unpack and put everything away in the morning. For now, he just stood up to strip down to his briefs, shut off the lights, and crawl underneath the covers hoping his self-hatred wouldn’t keep him up all night again.
Castiel nodded slowly, keeping his eyes transfixed on Dean. “Okay,” he agreed. “I can do that.”
“Russia is nearly two times the size of the US,” the guy replied. “Surely, you can narrow it down more than that.”
She took out a floral arrangement that looked elaborately decorated. The entire bouquet was made of gold and white roses. The white petals, and al stems and leaves, were lightly dusted with golden glitter. Among the white and gold roses was one green glass rose and one blue glass rose.
“That is so far fetched that I would bet money on how wrong you are,” Sam replied.
“Without the whole thing, we’re going to have another session of
“I’ve missed you, Jo,” Dean said, giving her a kiss on her forehead.
“Will do,” Dean said.
Dean Winchester was beautiful inside and out. Castiel didn’t think anyone as pure as Dean was left on the planet. His outlook on life was negative and full of spite, but something about meeting Dean was finally giving him optimism. He hoped they could find away to be together.
Cas gave him an intrigued expression. “What did you have in mind?”
Castiel broke the glass with the butt of the gun and reached in to unlock it for the both of them. Once they were in, Castiel made his way to the wires for the ignition system so he could hotwire the car.
“How come he hasn’t called?” Claire asked.
“Glad you like it, Bobby,” Sam said.
Castiel groaned with displeasure. They always turned into slobbery little children as soon as the gag was removed. They could never wait until spoken to. “You’ve ruined the moment,” Castiel growled.
She came outside and handed Dean the keys so he could get to work on the car. He popped the hood of her car and started to get to work. He diagnosed the problem fairly quickly and was repairing it diligently.
There were multiple other family members in the room; Mikael, Gabriel, Uriel, Rafael, Virgil, Rachael, Sofia.
He had to recall his training. He should deny who he was, but they would have looked at his wallet, which was definitely no longer in his pocket. He couldn’t give information, no matter how much they tortured him. Dying for your country’s secrets was highly encouraged.
“Do you need to get that?” Eileen asked.
“On the contrary. I fear I may have given too little things to think about,” he said. “I trust you to make the right decisions.”
“You woke me up when the front door unlocked,” Dean replied.
Rowena looked like she was about to say something when something behind Dean grabbed her attention. He heard crunching snow under fast foot steps and he felt himself being grabbed again. His body was turned to see Charlie.
. He clung to the possibility that when they turned eighteen their soulmate marks would match and Cas could take him away from his Dad somehow. Sadly, that wasn’t the case.
Fate wasn’t so kind, though. As soon as he approaches the side of his car, his phone was ringing. He took it out of his pocket and looked at the screen. “Cas Kline” it read.
Cas chuckled as he felt Dean’s lips kiss his cheek. “I think the only competition you have is Old Lady Margaret who always rents out the most sensual romantic novels and tries to talk to me about needing a strapping man to woo her.”
“Thank you, Karen,” Rowena accepted. “The townspeople work so hard to make it all come together. I do think this year’s will be truly special.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replied. “Fancy running into you here….literally, I suppose, I’m very sorry about that.”
,” he emphasized, taking the attention away from himself. “Is this your favorite? Is this why you had me read it? Because it’s good. Do you have more stuff of this James Morningstar guy?”
Their rooms were side by side and Castiel handed Dean’s room key over to him. Dean shook his head and gently pushed down on Castiel’s offering arm. “You’re not trying to get rid of me are you?”
“I think that’s why he was so adamant about me being killed, you not being left with me,” Dean said. Castiel helped Dean get off the ground and he worked on unfastening Dean’s binds for the first time in hours. He let out a small moan as he stretched and moved his arms in front of him, rotating his shoulders for relief. “Where is Zachary now?”
Dean chuckled and put his hands on Cas’s sides to slowly rotate him so Cas wouldn’t have to face him as he stripped. Cas laughed lightly at the formality of the situation. Dean saw his arms start to move, removing the suit blazer and discarding it to the floor. Next was the dress shirt covering his skin. Dean’s heart was excited, but also petrified. The aspect of Cas undoing his buttons one at a time should arouse Dean to no end, but the circumstances were so different right now.
“Insecurities?” Dean asked. “You?”
The expanding tunnel that connected the airport to the plane was warm and full of Nebraska air. It had been a whole decade since it last filled his lungs. He wished he could have made it back sooner.
Dean’s playful expression turned to an angry one, and boy was he cute when he was angry. Castiel smirked, having won a game of wits, but kept his poker face strong. The thought of sexual slavery made him physically nauseous and it was hard for him to come up with those lies, but he was playing a game of chess right now, and Castiel never lost at chess.
Dean had a pleased, proud expression on his face. Castiel had the same effect on him. All of his thoughts on how he wanted this date to end were all impure.
He got to his penthouse that evening for a break. Mr. Bortnik had been sufficiently tortured all while Castiel pressed on the fact that all this would happen to his wife next if he did not deliver.
“French Toast, fried eggs, sausage, bacon, and toast please,” Dean stated.
Dean gave her a confused look and she eagerly took him to a booth a few yards away from their last one, leaving many behind in their wake. “We’re missing so much! Let me look around!”
“Walk me through this, Dean. Am I going to want to leave the number unidentifiable?” Castiel said. “I may need them to follow up.”
It was a clear, cool December morning. His jacket was just insulted enough to feel a crisp coolness but not overheat. He took in a deep breath of fresh air. It was a beautiful day to walk outside
,” she countered with a smile. Dean chuckled; he liked her attitude a lot. He could potentially see her as a good friend down the road perhaps.
The interrogator gave him a condescending smirk. “Be careful what you wish for, Mr. Winchester. People who say they want to meet God end up doing so before they know it.”
He began to rock his hips to fuck himself into Dean’s mouth. If Dean’s vocals were any indicator, Cas would say Dean was enjoying this part as well. The slurping sounds, the subtle gags (Dean was a champ, but his cock was an impressive challenge for any) all motivated Castiel. He wanted more and more of Dean and he wouldn’t be satisfied until they were fully joined.
He never asked the kids how the felt about having only one parent instead of two, at least they haven’t in a while. He was sure they understood enough to realize they were adopted. They never asked, and they never asked about a mom. Claire wouldn’t have remembered her mother, but Jack maybe did. Perhaps he would ask when they were older; there was no point in stirring a pot now.
open you up, just maybe not in the way you’re hoping. I personally can’t get off until my partner is missing some toes and has been electrocuted to the point of organ failure.”
Dean Winchester watched as Castiel left his suite, leaving Dean with a complicated mix of his emotions. If he could just forget everything about his situation and who Castiel Novak was, then Dean could admit that curling up next to him on the couch while running his fingers through his hair had been the most magical night of his life.
“Oh god,” Dean winced as he slowly got up off the ground and made his way to his sister-in-law. “You’re going to be a terribly moody preggo.”
Dean just stared at Castiel with slight confusion. “I wasn’t given much information; all I know is they’re European…”
! Although, maybe a little awkward?” He made an indecisive noise to further dramatize his monologue. “I mean I’m sure you find a way past this, I really do-”
“Here, what’s your number?” she asked as she took out her cell phone. They exchanged contact information and she gave him a big hug before hopping off for her stop. He remembered when she lost her family in high school. If she could overcome that, he could overcome some breakup. There was a difference, however. Charlie’s parents didn’t choose to leave her. There was nothing Charlie did wrong. But Dean? People always chose to leave. He simply would never be good enough.
“Oh, I wouldn’t miss this conversation for the
about our relationship, Dean. My longest relationship has been two nights long, and you’ve only got about one night left, milaya.” He gave Dean a charming, but threatening smile before making his way out of the room, sighing heavily and groaning once the thick iron doors were shut behind him.
“Hey, Jess, what’s up?” Dean asked, earning a perplexed look from Sam.
, and from what I’ve heard, the Novaks partially run this town. There’s no way we have any shared struggles or histories. I thought he was just out of my league, but no I know he’s from a whole different caste system. He’s not prim and proper because he’s a nerd, he’s prim and proper because he’s a rich kid with an elite upbringing.”
“Well, you don’t have to tell them your relationship history if you don’t want to,” Sam said. “Just say you moved for a new job.”
Dean woke up the next morning with the sun coming in through his window. He stretched and smiled from the dreams of Castiel he had through the night. He left his bed and headed into the bathroom to take a shower and get dressed.
“I’m terribly sorry,-” he apologized as he shifted his gaze to the person he just assaulted, and was surprised to see a familiar pair of beautiful blue eyes starting back at him.
Dean awoke the next day more well-rested than he had for the past several days. It was the first night since the breakup he went to bed sober, and the first morning he had woken up not hung over.
He couldn’t see much. The kitchen light barely had anymore influence this deep into he suite, and the hallway was offset as well from the light source. There was also the thick, pillowy comforter the man was wrapped up in. Castiel supposed Dean laying fully naked on top of the comforter with only a small washcloth covering his cock was both unrealistic and not practical for his temperature, but it would have made for a nice view.
“Well in that case, I would love to see you there. Hosting this festival annually is my pride and joy, and I would love for you to experience it as a first-timer,” Rowena stated.
“Right,” Lisa said. “I’m sorry.”
“An orchestra?” Dean asked nervously. That usually meant high-caliber people that were richer and fancier than Dean. He definitely wasn’t dressed for the occasion.
He could do this, he thought to himself. There were two additional doors in this walk-in closet; one led to the master bathroom and the other led to a miscellaneous storage room. The storage room had been assigned his arms room. There were cabinets and a professional work station, a metal grid wall with some mounted rifles and weapons, and Castiel loved
He brewed himself a cup of coffee as he looked up the bus routes and schedules on his phone. He found Bobby’s address buried in some digital notes from years ago and calculated his route. Once the coffee was done, he poured the drink in a travel mug and headed out the door, locking up behind him.
Lisa was silent again, perhaps she was already in pain and felt guilty to some extent. “Thank you, Dean. Are you doing ok?”
Dean wanted to be angry, he wanted to tell Lisa it was her fault he was hurting, he wanted to cause pain like she had caused him; but he had the strength to know he didn’t really want those things in the long run, and he restrained himself. “In the long run, he’ll know this is for the best. It’ll just take a lot of time.”
“You’re young, it’s fine. You know what I hear about shoulder marks, though? They’re so much more significant, because I hear it means that those are sturdier relationships. You lean on one another and carry one another. They say arm marks like mine are for the less secure people, so you can spot it and find your soulmate faster. Can you imagine my shock when I had read that?”
“I’m positive. You’re family, Dean. But that reminds me; I had your wedding gift ready for you, you may as well take it now. Follow me,” Bobby insisted.
Dean was trained to read people. He was trained to pick up on lies and see through false personas and disguises. The Castiel he saw tonight was the most authentic Castiel he had seen so far, and Dean wasn’t sure what to make of that.
“It’s on the back of my shoulder,” Castiel said. “Gabriel offered to check for me, but I declined. Repeatedly. Every beach day, I kept my shirt on. I didn’t try to twist my body when looking in the mirror, I just…..refused to look at it.”
They were happy together, and Dean was happier than he’d ever been with them, so he didn’t
“My boss is being a total dick,” Sam replied. “He let his stupid ego get to him in the courtroom and set our case back, and now expects me to clean up his mess because ‘clearly I am not best suited for this case’,” he mocked with a bad British accent. “He’s been doing the bare minimum and overworking me. Like, he’s rich enough and the firm makes enough he can retire early or something and bring on another lawyer. I’m glad your Novak isn’t as bad as mine.”
believe it, though.
The drive back to Dean’s house was peaceful. They didn’t talk much, but they frequently stole glances and smiles from one another on the entire drive. They parked in front of the house, and Dean turned to Castiel again.
“Her family and the Novaks own a lot of the properties and major buildings in town, but they’re all good natured for the most part. Her son is an asshole, but she tried her best,” Ellen stated.
“Angel? Are you okay over there?” Gabriel asked.
“Well,” the librarian replied hesitantly, which was understandable, Dean had been aloof and weird in his introduction. “I’m Castiel.”
Dean wasn’t sure why he was overthinking any of this to begin with; this didn’t happen when he went to the grocery store and checked out groceries. He’s seen really hot waiters, cashiers, and strangers, but they’ve always left his head immediately after a brief check-out. Why were his thoughts lingering on this nerdy librarian? Castiel was handsome, but not a rugged Hollywood model type. And yet, he has left an impression on Dean.
“Okay,” she said. “Yeah, I don’t think I want to leave you alone tonight.”
Jo looked over everything on her table as she had done for the hundredth time at least. Dean wouldn’t have been taken unless they were close to something, but there’s no way anyone would have known.
“Your advice for flushing out the rat,” Castiel said. “What were the instructions?”
. Was he naked right now!?
half day, Bobby. I need to set an example,” Dean argued.
He read Thursday night, and again on Friday. It was the longest book out of the three Castiel recommended.
The workday ended and Dean hung around, not closing the garage door just yet, so he could see when Castiel arrived, and Castiel could see him.
Dean let out a muffled moan from beneath a closed smile. “Sounds fun. My safe word is ‘Impala’.”
Dean sighed in frustration at his insistence. “The only other option is you getting arrested when I get picked up.”
Jess squealed with excitement and jumped up from the couch to rush to Dean and give him a large hug. Dean laughed and smiled widely as he returned the hug and patted her on the back. “I’m so happy for you!”
He made his way to the bedroom and saw that the door was open, light was off; he was probably sleeping. He should turn away and leave, not to disturb him,
“Your services have been requested,” Castiel stated.
The sound of a heavy vault door opening emanated throughout the room, and a mischievous grin grew on the man’s face. “He’s heeeeeeereeeeeee,” he sang.
Castiel chuckled. “You were cleaned thoroughly, but you were not penetrated, stroked, or sucked in your state of unconscious.”
His brother gave him a tight hug once he was within grasp. “It’s good to see you, Dean,” Sam sympathetically said before letting go.
“Yes, please,” Dean stated.
Castiel glared at the opulent mansion, a product of his family’s dynasty. This would have had Dean run away for sure.
“Hi, Dean,” Charlie greeted cheerfully. “What’s up?”
“Yes, they are very talented. I was drawn in to their performance,” Castiel said. “I love orchestra, and I truly love Christmastime, as silly as that may sound, so this was pretty ideal for me. I greatly appreciate you allowing me to selfishly drag you along.”
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise. “Twelve!?
“This isn’t America, Dean,” Castiel said. “Besides, I don’t have any expectations from you.”
“From what I’ve tasted of desire, I hold with those who favor fire.” He slowly approached his hostage, precise and intimidating with every step he took, expertly calculated to instill the most amount of fear into the man. “But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate-”.
After walking a few more minutes, there were the distinct noises of car doors being opened. Dean really hoped he would get a backseat and not a trunk. “Get in,” Castiel’s voice ordered.
Castiel wasn’t sure what Dean meant or if he was even being sincere. He was an FBI Agent, a master strategist and manipulator. Castiel shouldn’t let his guard down. “Are you saying you missed me, Dean?” Way to give him the correct, Castiel. How was he to complain about his heart being played with if he’s give Dean the strings and a how-to guide?
“Hiya, Jo,” Dean greeted.
A faint smile grew on Bobby’s face. “We got what we wanted. We got to raise two wonderful boys. Everything worked out.”
“You too, Charlie.”
“Huh?” Castiel asked nervously, as if caught out of a trance. “Oh, just, I saw an old favorite of mine, but it’s probably not something you’d enjoy.”
Roman didn’t reply, just gave a hum, and let Gabriel be on his way. Dean tried to pay Roman no mind. Roman didn’t speak to him, and Dean didn’t try to talk to this one either. However, minutes later, two larger armed guards entered, which hadn’t happened before.
Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’s. “It’s not that easy, Cas.”
Dean actually felt pity, which was not typically common for hostages to his knowledge; but he knew a lot about criminal profiling and what drove people to crime. It was often poverty, sometimes narcissism, but immense grief always yielded a few interesting stories.
yaichki- testicles
“Our family is the
He got into his car and started the course for Sam and Jessica’s house where he’d chill until it was drinking time with Bobby.
“I just……” Dean panted, “-that I had a chance to say goodbye to your mother.”
“Also gone,” Castiel replied.
“It’s a big commitment, so you don’t need to make a decision now, but we’d like you to seriously think about it,” Sam said.
“Thank god,” Sam said to himself.
He shucked off his pants, briefs, and stepped into the shower. He thought about Dean and how he would react to the events that happened. What would Dean think about using someone’s soulmate as leverage and extort their love for one another. One’s love for their soulmate was supposed to be the most pure thing, and Castiel had weaponized it as a weakness, and not for the first time.
Dean was all in favor of good customer service, but he just wanted to relax and enjoy some food. “I appreciate the hospitality, Meg, and I know waitresses are expected to give that service with a smile crap, but feel free to relax around me. I’m just here for a meal.”
“I need to weigh all of my options, Dean,” Castiel explained. “Every last one of them, even ones that involve killing you. This is why I am going to need your complete and utter honesty and cooperation because if I have nothing left to lose, then I will be sure to go out that way.”
The guy took out a cigarette and a lighter and began to ignite it, taking a long drag form it before blowing the smoke out. “There’s no need, we limit ourselves to the arms trading you’re already aware of.”
“No-” Dean interrupted, repositioning the both of them so Dean could look deeply into his crush’s deep blue eyes. “You did absolutely nothing wrong. We were trying to have a conversation about boundaries, and I panicked and made it about myself because I was afraid.”
“I believe you would have smelled the fries if that were the case,” he replied with a smile. “What country do you think you’re in?”
“Nonsense,” Bobby said. “I’m not able to monitor those guys all the time, you’ll be an excellent supervisor to them. Plus, you’ll be able to get those cars repaired faster and out faster. Garth and Jack need the assistance before they run me into the ground.”
Castiel looked at him questioningly. It was business related. He would reserve judgement for once Dean asked. “What is it?”
The FBI was here. He was close to rescue. He could see Jack and Claire again. But at what cost? Why would the universe give him Castiel as a soulmate if he wasn’t able to keep him? Sure, soulmates were lost due to shitty fates o stubborn prides, but they were a sound bet; that’s why they existed for Christ’s sake!
Sam didn’t arrive until eight at night, and the man looked exhausted. He kicked his shoes off and just left them in the middle of the room, which Jess wouldn’t like. “Everything okay?”
Cas poured themselves two glasses of wine and brought them to his small round dining table. It had four chairs, but there was no way four people could all fit full plates on it. “I’m not sure where you’d like me to begin,” Castiel said.
Dean took the bouquet from her and turned to look deep into Cas’s crystal-like blue eyes, and he remembered that his were green, sort of like the rose. Dean smiled and turned back to Missouri. “Quite a coincidence with the glass flowers, Missouri.”
He successfully navigated his way to The Roadhouse, the best bar in Nebraska. Jo’s mother Ellen ran it, and the three of them would often hang out under her watchful eye to make sure they didn’t steal any hard liquor. For the most part, they were on their best behavior; but they were bored teens in a boring town.
Dean was embarrassed at almost being so vulnerable and airing out his dirty laundry in front of a stranger, but Castiel was like a statue; he didn’t react, didn’t wince, he didn’t look at Dean with pitying eyes or pry further. “Let me give you some recommendations.”
,” Dean replied. “And they are a part of you, and I like that you’re showing me this part of you.”
“It was fine,” Jack said.
Dean’s cock was also gorgeous and impressive. It had been a while since he sucked someone off because he didn’t do this for his phone ordered dates, but he was excited to give one to Dean.
He set his glass on the end table next to him, opting to grab the framed photograph instead. It was a photo of him when he was slightly younger. He had significantly less tattoos on his body, and his arm was around the waist of a red headed woman who emanated power and confidence. He brought the photograph up to his lips and kissed the glass.
part, but he wasn’t about to out himself to some random stranger when it wasn’t needed. “No, ma’am.”
closest place to do any Christmas shopping.”
me,” Dean replied. “You might be able to learn and memorize facts about who I am, but you’ll never really
Dean let out a humored huff of air. “I didn’t think I’d have to beg for a visit.”
Cas nodded and he headed to Rowena, who was expecting him.
However, after a year and a half of Castiel being a reliable source of information and his cooperation that lead to multiple arrests, Dean was allowed to transfer Castiel’s residence to his own.
He didn’t want to be in this kitchen area any longer. One bad memory of a man he barely knew, and his living space was tainted with negativity. He managed to get the wine glasses in the sink and rinsed at least. He wanted them out of sight and out of mind; better to prolong his misery of the memory now then have it re-emerge at the next sight of them. He tucked them away in the cabinet and made his way to his bathroom for a hot shower.
The song ended and the crowd clapped once more for the couple, and they announced the floor would be open to all. A few other couples made their way when another slow song started, and Dean took a deep breath before turning back to Castiel.
“His job sounds so weird,” Jack said.
“Who are the parties?” the man asked. He stepped in front of Dean and both of their eyes widened. Zachary Adler, his superior from the FBI. “The FBI Agent is who you’re trading?”
me. I didn’t want to be hurt again, and I reacted selfishly.
“What’s gotten into you the past week? I have to be honest, I’m very worried about your drastic mood swings,” Sam said.
He took in a deep breath of the crisp autumn air before taking his phone back out and reading the text in its entirety.
She was eager and amused and Castiel was visibly annoyed. “I fucking hate this small town,” he griped. “How could you possibly have known that?”
“Not really,” Dean replied. “All daddy does is type in a computer and fill out paperwork, kind of like your homework.” His kids were too young for them to know what he really did. Kids blabbed about everything, and he never wanted them to worry. Sam and Eileen knew small amounts, but nothing confidential. They knew he was FBI and they knew he’s gone abroad for
= = = =
Dean let out a soft, cocky smile on his face. “Castiel, are you saying you want to marry me?”
“I don’t need to hear the details about how you’re going to do it, Gleb,” Castiel replied. “When there is a will, there is a way. And besides-” Castiel moved away from Gleb and approached his wife who was looking more fearful with every step he took towards her. She began to pant and scream under her muzzled mouth and Cas quickly dove towards her while gracefully positioning himself behind her, holding her head with a previously concealed, now unsheathed pocket knife to her throat, which intensified her yell.
“Well, it’s good to meet you, Jack,” Dean said politely.
“Just imagine once you’re used to my cock and we can start doing it rough,” Castiel said dominantly.
“Merry Christmas, Dean.”
“Just the juice for me, please,” Jess said.
They arrived at the bar, and there were a good amount of cars in the lot. It seemed like Thanksgiving at The Roadhouse was a popular event.
getting involved with the US directly. As far as they could tell, none of his sales have impacted the US directly, and only minor foreign events like gang wars or heists occurred using weapons Novak provided.
Jess looked over at Sam nervously and Sam just gently shook his head. Dean’s smile grew wide as Jess turned slightly red. “We are having a baby!”
Cas mulled the question over, really unsure. He was a mix of emotions this weekend, and wasn’t thinking straight on anything. “I don’t know. I’m just worried about you. It’s a big house, but it’s not filled with much substance.”
“It’s not too late yet, but it could be,” Bobby said. “But I do know two things. I know that Castiel is a good man, one of the best in this world, and I highly doubt you’ll find another like him. The second thing I know is that you were incredibly happy with him, and I’ve never seen you that happy in my life. You wasn’t that happy on Sam’s graduation day. You wasn’t that happy on their wedding day. I don’t even think I was that happy on
“And skip out on Sunday dinner?” she asked with a heavy surprise.
“One minute, Jo,” Dean said, “Cas, are you-”
“I never remembered anything this classy about Lawrence, or anything close to it,” Dean stated.
“Let’s slow it down, I’ve always been a small circle kinda guy. I’m also not sure if I want to start parading myself to strangers. I don’t want to be telling people my deal. I at least already know Charlie.”
Dean sighed heavily. “I’m trying my best to. Why?”
“Well, I’ll feel bad if you don’t have a good time,” Cas replied.
“We just saw each other Wednesday, and did
Half the day was spent looking through the photos and cross referencing them in the database they were printed from. They were marking location, date, and times each photo was taken to help filter out which ones were Novak’s guy and which ones were just slightly identical civilians.
The man contemplated in his mind for a while before leaning in. “Getting out a mole is a psychic game of chess. You must act as if the perpetrator can read your every thought. You are
“Your place or mine?” Gabriel asked.
Castiel let out a small entertained smile and gave Dean a hungry look that re-hardened Dean underneath the comforter. “You tried to escape. That was just discipline.”
. “Dean,” she muttered softly under her shaking breath. “Where are you?”
Dean let out a heavy sigh, he was so emotionally exhausted right now, he couldn’t think about returning to work. It was a slow day, he wasn’t really needed at the auto shop. He took out his phone and called Bobby.
“Nobody wants to deal with Gabriel literally ever,” Anan retorted. “But we do it because we are a family. A very suffocating, cancerous family.”
“I could never leave you, sister, not permanently,” Castiel reassured, taking her hands. “I will be here for you, and the children you are bound to have, and hopefully by miracle,
“That’s unfortunate. No kid should feel like that. But also, you have a brother named Lucifer!?”
Deans witched up the technique and began to bounce with his shins, sitting up and down and using the momentum of the mattress in his favor. His ass was gently slapping against Castiel’s thighs and everything coming together felt phenomenal.
Dean sighed dramatically. “Does she twist your arm like this and boss you around like this?”
After dinner, Cas and jack played videogames while Dean played with Claire. They tucked in the kids and made their way to their own bedroom.
The work day finally ended and after Dean had closed shop he checked his phone for an update. Right on top was a text message that read, “I hope you have a good day at work today, Dean.”
Dean let out a weak laugh. He didn’t want it to end like this. “Are you sure?”
“You’re more than welcome to start mowing the lawn, be my guest,” Sam stated.
“That’s not fair! You need to try! Please come back!”
He pulled on his cock and let the free hand massage his chest some more. Even if Castiel was a cock-sucker, he was the boss. He was strong, dominating, knew how to be aggressive. Dean imagined seeing all of Castiel’s tattoos pinning him down and fucking Dean hard. He knew Castiel thought about it when they first met; a nice rough hate fuck to show Dean who was in charge. Maybe they were past that now. Maybe Cas could channel it back.
Castiel felt guilt in the pit of his stomach. “That means it was me, or being here.”
book on his nightstand, he told himself that he would need to act more bravely if he wanted any kind of authentic long-term happiness.
They swapped places and it was Castiel’s turn to clean Dean. He loved being face to face with the gorgeous man as he cleaned his abs. Castiel was friskier than Dean was though. He let the cloth go down to Dean’s hard cock and he gave it a pull while it was wrapped in the cloth.
Castiel shook his head and wiped a tear from his eye. “You don’t need to do that.”
The woman stepped in and gave him a strong hug, which he reciprocated with endearment.
Jo made a face as if she was about to give bad news. “Crowley MacLeod sucks, Lucifer Novak sucks, Balthazar Novak sucks, Gabriel Novak is an annoying ass so therefore he sucks,” she listed.
“I hope you find the man who will love you and take you far from here.”
Dean laughed with a large smile. “I would love that. I definitely need more geek friends in my life.”
“No, Cas is fine,” Castiel confirmed with a delighted expression. “I wish you and your family a very happy Thanksgiving as well.”
“Everyone in my family had these,” Castiel said softly. “I didn’t get any until they passed away. I thought it would motivate me or have me be like them and leave the writer life behind. Now I just kind of hate what I see.”
He imagined that his hands were Cas’s hands instead. He imagined the strong, dark-haired man at his side, pressed up against his body, roaming Dean. He wondered if Cas was a selfish lover when it came to the guys he paid. He wondered if that would change with Dean. Although, sometimes the idea someone just having their way with you could be hot.
nice to have a different pair of hands massaging his aching muscles instead of just him.
Dean came over a few minutes later with a bittersweet expression. He looked a little weak and vulnerable, which Castiel didn’t know how to interpret. “What’s the verdict?”
“Thank you, Castiel,” Jessica replied as she turned to Dean. “I hope you two have fun!” She had a playful tone in her voice, further implying she knew this was a date, and Dean playfully pushed her a little on his way out.
as well to reduce the distance because two arms pressed against each other was straining. Dean’s forehead would be cushioned against the other man’s feathery hair and…..
“We will never be that lucky,” Cas said with a chuckle.
Dean wanted to break the tension from the conversation. He knew Bobby felt guilty about not offering more, and he was guilty for accepting so much. “I’ll start opening up.”
He made it home for the evening, had a nice dinner with Sam, and made his way to his room where he picked up the second book Castiel recommended about the banshee.
“You’re not my type,” Dean politely declined.
“What for? They’re lovely people. They didn’t do anything wrong,” Castiel replied.
Cas reached out and grabbed Dean’s hand. “There is always risk, and it’s terrifying. I’ve had my share of failed relationships, but we have to
“Good Morning, Kiddo!” Dean greeted cheerfully, setting the spatula down to give her a hug and a kiss on her forehead. “Where’s your brother? Did he get out of bed?”
He wasn’t a complete asshole; he couldn’t ignore the man on this. He answered the phone and held it up to his ear. “Hi, Cas,” he greeted dryly. He’d never answered the phone this coldly for Cas before.
and they both sort of knew it, but they did their best to not cross the line. Dean held Cas’s hand the entire ride and he’d occasionally bring it to his mouth to kiss. They talked about the books Dean read, and Dean said he was excited to start the one with the gay knights.
Castiel would still wear the ankle monitor. Panic buttons were installed in the house. Surveillance cameras were installed in the house. Dean and Castiel needed to do a daily check-in, and there were bi-weekly home inspections for a while. Over the past year and a half, Dean was subject to and would continue to be subjected to psych evaluations to ensure he wasn’t suffering from Stockholm syndrome, PTSD, or other mental distress.
“Welcome home, dorogoy,” Castiel said.
One of the pics with a high possibility of being Novak’s guy had a partial Russian license plate. “Jo! Jo! We might have a new lead,” he said as he showed her the pic. She took it with interest and looked at it curiously, mixed emotions on her face.
“You need to fire the guard that hit me. I told him to warn you, got knocked out instead,” Dean said.
get rid of a rat by catching it in a trap, or killing it on sight.”
much nicer!”
“Well, I can’t really afford extra help, but with the two bozos I got, I can’t really afford not to either. Good help is so hard to find,” Bobby stated.
“I agree,” she added. “And speaking of
“You won’t have a choice, mister,” Jessica threatened. “You’re going to go. If not for me, and not for the lights and displays, then the unlimited spiced eggnog.”
“I don’t care. Whatever you go through, I go through. We’re in this together now.”
He parked in the near-empty parking lot and stepped out of the impala. “Angel City Library” explained the words carved into the marble of the building. Dean huffed. Time to see what the buzz was about.
“Well, I definitely wish you lived closer so we could all hang out together,” Charlie said. “She watches Star Wars with me, but I’d love someone more enthusiastic.”
She scoffed with a smile as she sat up and took Castiel’s hand, rushing him over to the vanity so they could stand side by side in the reflection. His skin was pale, untouched; and her neck and arms were heavily decorated with crests, creeds, and powerful imagery. All the members of his family, save for him, were heavily inked as part of the family mafia aesthetic.
“It’s nice to see you, Jess,” Dean replied, kissing her forehead sweetly. “I hope you weren’t staying up late just for me.”
Castiel stood by the entryway momentarily. Anastasia’s back was towards him, but he could see a portion of her reflection from the vanity she was sitting at.
“I owed a great personal debt to Anastasia,” the man said as they all took their seats.
“No, please, it’s not his fault. He’s right to distance himself from our terrible, arrogant family,” Castiel said. He sighed and turned around to look at their family mansion. What was once full of great childhood memories and family pride was now a regretful eyesore. “Do you like living here?”
“Oh, when
“I’ll be right here!” Castiel’s voice announced from the admin room. Dean took a deep breath and nervously tapped on the wooden frame. Castiel emerged from the room and paused curiously when he saw Dean standing there.
Dean provided Cas the number and one of his employees began to type away at the computer. Castiel made his way over to Dean holding the phone for both of them to hear as it rang.
want Dean to know the truth. He wanted Dean to trust him, even though Cas was afraid to trust Dean. He couldn’t have it both ways, he supposed. But he wanted Dean to know him for him. If he ever wanted to get back to the man he used to be, Dean would need to know he was working on it.
“Please no! I’ll do it! I’ll do it!” Gleb begged, crying through his fear. Something in the man’s expression intrigued him. He was so terrified to lose her.
They drove for a few minutes, but it was relatively on the shorter end. But a fifteen minute drive is all that was needed to completely expand the search radius. The car parked and Dean heard Castiel get out before his own door was opened and he felt himself being pulled away.
“Well in that case, I hope you’re a good doctor,” Dean teased as he gave her a hug from where she was sitting.
gather attention,” Dean replied.
He let out a small gasp when he processed what he was looking at, and Cas must have heard the noise Dean emitted. “Is something wrong, Dean?”
“That’s too bad,” Ellen stated. “We got a super cute librarian I think you’d like.” She winked at him and smiled, but quickly dropped the subject. “Let me grab you a beer. On the house.”
“Were you my former competition or something?” Charlie asked, equally playfully. There was definitely no reason for jealously when they were confirmed soulmates.
“What are you thinking about?” Castiel’s voice was so velvety, almost like a purr. It drew Dean’s attention back to the real man, not the fictional one he was fantasizing about right now.
He decided he would take a shower first. He would have freshly cleaned hair, unwrinkled clothing, a spritz of cologne. It was just to kill time, make Dean anticipate. It had nothing to do with wanting to impress the man, he told himself.
“Probably,” Castiel see. “I guess I’ll wait and see how that decision screws me over.”
Wait staff came around and served the dishes. Other attendees joined their table, and Dean sighed, looking at Castiel apologetically. They wouldn’t be able to finish their serious conversation privately for a while.
“How is that working out for him? I hear Russia’s pretty anti-gay,” Dean stated.
He sighed heavily and then moved his finger to press the button for Dean’s floor out of morbid curiosity. Part of him felt like he would regret this decision, but something about having a potentially terrible night with Dean still seemed better than going home alone.
Bobby nodded as Dean made the rest of the way out of the auto shop and towards his car. He felt renewed, in some way. All the crying let out a lot of negativity within him, but now he felt empty and hollow. The self-hatred and anger was gone, but he didn’t know what to replace any of it with.
Dean meant to give her a look but she turned quickly to get Dean a drink.
“Absolutely not,” Castiel replied firmly. “This is our first time. Possibly our last. When I’m old and gray it’ll be your face and eyes that I want to remember.”
“Wait, no! Come back! Sit with us!” She pleaded.
Charlie laughed at that. “Well, it’s not hard to. I was not an attractive nerd.”
He casually swept his eyes around the bar to scan the room, but not wanting to appear shifty. His eyes laid on a blonde woman who was drinking a martini by herself. He got off his chair an made his way towards her with a charming smile.
“Same for me,” Jess agreed.
“Would you want to get dinner sometimes this week, and get to know each other better?” Dean asked.
He started to spray on himself under the covers and he choked out a pleasured grunt as he came. God, he shouldn’t want to be fucked by a man who might kill him, but the man was just so goddamn hot. Not to mention their witty banter was electrifying, and the sincere moment he shared with Cas tonight felt like a comfort Dean had never felt before.
, Dean. Your mother didn’t get the chance, and it sure as hell wasn’t your fucking father. Don’t you dare think Sam is successful and you’re not, because you are the sole fucking reason he had a chance to be successful to begin with.”
Bobby grabbed something from a drawer in his desk, but Dean didn’t see what it was. He let Bobby lead the way as they made their way to the back parking lot where more cars were parked.
Cas shook his head ‘no’. “I’m terrified. Just,…if I get life in prison in the US, tell me you’ll visit.” Dean’s faced winced, he didn’t even want to consider Cas being locked up for life. “A conjugal visit sounds lovely.”
“Is that what you were looking for? To get away from the world?” Cas asked. Dean’s mouth twitched as it held back an impressed smile. Was Cas coincidental with his question or did he have a way to see through Dean? Was he truly transparent and without defenses due tot his man?”
“Please, please, don’t do this,” the man begged. “I won’t say anything!”
He took the books and made the way back to his car. He sat down in his driver’s seat and set the book s carefully over in the passenger’s. He slowly ran his hand against the hardcover and enjoyed the tactile sensation of the glide.
“I know,” Castiel said. “That’s why I thought it best to not rub your nose in it, let you cope without my presence.”
“I’ve made bad decisions, Dean,” Cas said. “The past several years. My fixer was right when he said I should have killed you, but keeping you around is the only decision I’ve made in years that hasn’t tormented me. Well, at least not in my nightmares. You’ve been pretty pesky in some fantasies, but I manage to put you in your place in those.”
He sighed as he let himself collapse on the couch. It felt so empty now. Was Dean crazy for wishing Cas had stayed? He didn’t know enough about the man yet for him to rationally want that. Currently, he only knew the worst parts of Castiel, but part of him felt like maybe that didn’t matter.
“Why was your day so bad?” Gabriel asked.
Castiel rubbed his temples. “Is Gabriel at risk of getting killed?”
“Right, nice meeting you too,” she said nervously. “See you soon, Jessica. Goodnight, Sam.”
with him, Dean. All I want is for you to be happy!” Sam exclaimed.
“He’s my brother, you know him?” Dean asked.
Dean grabbed both of Castiel’s hands and looked into his eyes. “Come home with me. No sex or anything like that, just lay down with me. I don’t want to be alone right now, and I’ve missed you.”
Right now, Castiel was planning a complete choreography of the exchange. He would be giving every last detail right to Zachariah. Everything from entry to escape route. There would be no way Castiel would be getting out.
“An option I don’t want,” Castiel said flatly, looking at Dean. “I am not going to be half the world away from you.”
shluha vokzal’naja- train station whore
“Rowena, this is Dean Winchester, John Winchester’s other son,” Ellen stated.
to make any indication that you know or even suspect. You cannot withdraw their tasks, you cannot withdraw their responsibilities. You also cannot start treating them better with performative kindness or promotion, as it raises suspicion. You can
Before Dean could add anything further, the waitress had set their dishes in front of the both of them and they exchanged a knowing glance that their timing was terrible and their moment was interrupted.
Dean let out a nervous chuckle and took a generous sip of his beer. “I’m well aware, Ellen. Thank you.”
“Morning, Winchester,” she said.
Bobby was the least likely to have betrayed Dean, but she had no guarantee. She could only trust one person right now, and this was the safest basket. She made her way to Bobby’s office and knocked on the door.
“It is not you that I am worried about,” the man replied before he took a sip of his own drink. Castiel cocked his head curiously as he waited for the man to quench his thirst so he could hear the rest of the story. “As I was saying; I met with Anastasia two months before the raid. She had expressed concerns she no longer knew who to trust. Minor inconveniences became less minor, and more frequent. Se thought inside information was being leaked.”
“Please, don’t let that change anything,” Anna said. “I am
“Well, the last time you were here, so was he and I
“Does she really own the whole town?” Dean asked.
“If I start doing those, just shoot me and put me out of my misery,” Dean stated in response, earning a condescending look from Sam. “Sorry the bedroom doesn’t have a TV in it.”
“Really?” Dean asked exasperatedly. “I
Roman lifted him and pinned him down to the gurney. He and the other henchman started to restrain his limbs with the straps. “I’m going to have a lot of fun, Mr. Winchester. Or, you can make this promotion very easy for me. It’s your choice.”
Sam looked like he wanted to ask questions, but he knew his brother well enough to drop them. “Okay,” Sam agreed. “Take all the time you need”
!?” Jo exclaimed.
A car with a male driver pulled into the lot; it was hard to tell it was Castiel due to the glare, but when Jack began to stand up and gather his things, it confirmed. Dean nonchalantly paced out of the garage to put himself in view.
She set her drink down as she swallowed her drink. “Boss and coworkers are just assholes. I need a new place.”
“Why? Why do you care so much about this?” Dean asked. He was getting angrier, more irritated. This intervention was the last thing he needed since he was still recovering from an awful hangover.
Dean rolled his eyes and hoped his blushing wasn’t going to give him away. He wanted to ask about Castiel, but he definitely couldn’t do it
He entered the room and there was a man and a woman each separately bound and gagged in a chair. Gabriel was already waiting for him , which he was surprised for.
“I think so,” Dean asked.
“I’m not lying to you, Castiel. I’d give us a real chance somehow if I could, but not at the risk of them, and I know you don’t want to choose me over Gabriel either. We can exchange a hundred hypotheticals, but you’ve had weeks to plan what to do with me. If you have any option on how we can have it all, tell me.”
He made his way out of Dean’s suite, fighting back the tears. He was so fucking stupid imagining any life with Dean would be possible. Castiel was a villain in Dean’s eyes and always would be. It didn’t matter if this mission of Castiel’s had an endgame. The end wouldn’t be justified by the means.
“I would have to agree,” Castiel said, slightly out of breath, and
“Will do,” she promised. “Goodbye, Dean.” The line was disconnected and Dean just solemnly put his phone back into his pocket. He leaned against the wooden railing of the outdoor patio and rested his head on his forearms and let himself cry for a moment, hoping for a cathartic moment that would purge all the bad feelings away; anything that would offer his soul some peace.
“Bobby already gave us the ‘whatever you say goes’ speech,” Jack stated.
“Thank you, Gavrie,” Castiel said as he and Gabriel exited the vehicle and entered the lobby of the residential tower. It was so late, the lobby was very empty and quiet, just as Castiel liked it. He waved to the doorman, who was naturally one of his own guards to keep an eye on the ground level entrance.
“I know,” she replied. “But I pray for you to not be in a position where you have to choose to mind or not mind any longer. I want someone who will delight you and excite you and show you everything that you have been missing.”
“Yeah, Bobby?”
Castiel nodded and tried to compose himself. “I just hope I can do something to make everything worthwhile for you. I want to make amends for this, somehow, someway.”
“But fixing it must not have been cheap,” Dean countered.
you ordered from DC has arrived and is secured in the ‘storage’ room,” his brother said with air quotes, which earned him an exasperated squint.
Bobby emotionally patted Dean on his back in return. “Love you too, son.”
Dean turned him around and felt the cloth on his shoulders and back. He also felt Dean lean in to leave kisses on his shoulder blades. Dean felt nice pressed against his back. He felt comforted, and supported.
Nobody had discussed any plans with him yet. “Nobody told me anything yet, but there’s nothing that could keep me away now.”
“Good Afternoon, Dean,” she replied, smiling at him. “You ready to head out?”
Jack was slightly less warm, but it may have just been overshadowed by Garth’s overly friendly cheer. “Dean?” Jack said to himself, giving him an inquisitive look that Dean wasn’t able to read. “I’m Jack.”
“Is Wednesday too early to see you?” Dean asked. He couldn’t wait an entire week to see Cas, although he was slightly embarrassed that he so openly phrased it like that. He was surprised at himself for asking him out to begin with, let alone be so transparently eager, but Castiel had an effect on him.
“Hey, I’m not feeling too hot. I was wondering if you’d be ok with me heading home early. I’ll make up the missing hours Saturday morning,” Dean said.
Castiel returned the dumfounded expression. “No you idiot; the cartoon bird that always ran away from Wile E. Coyote!”
“Well, hopefully you find a reason to come back more often,” Jo said. Before Dean could comment, she turned to her mother over at the bar. “Momma, I think we all need some shots! Let’s get this party started!” Jo exclaimed, earning more enthusiastic shouts from her friends and Charlie.
“Gleb Bortnik! Correct!” Castiel replied enthusiastically. “Their names were Klarina and Jokmija Miltoynov, and I desperately need to find them, and you are going to help me with that.”
“Have fuuuuuuun,” Gabriel sang as he made his way to the door and walked with an obnoxious flounce that was only intended to piss him off.
Dean chuckled and put one final soft kiss on his lips. “Get home safe.” Dean maneuvered his way out of the car and carefully closed the door and made his way back to the house. He turned behind him once last time to wave goodbye at Cas. Upon shifting his gaze back, he noticed the curtains in the window moving, as if they had been dropped.
are all I need.”
“And I know we haven’t talked about your pay,” Bobby said. “I can scrape together twenty an hour for you if that’s acceptable. You’re definitely worth more and I wish I could give you m-”
Castiel nodded. “Let’s assume I am able to set up a personal exchange. What are my odds of both Gabriel and I getting out?”
Dean let out a surprised chuckle through the tears and tight emotions. “I don’t see how that plays into the metaphor here, Bobby.”
Bobby did have her at a protected location, but he arranged for her to have access to the tech and resources she’d need to keep looking, which was not standard protocol. She wasn’t sure how he swung it.
He quickly rushed his hands to cover himself. “Why am I naked and why am I bandaged up?” Dean asked furiously.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replied with an entertained grin. They had already seen each other and greeted one another today, but Dean enjoyed doing it again.
She let out a chuckle as the bartender dropped the drinks off at the table. “It’s nice to meet you, Gabriel.” She grabbed the martini and gave Gabriel a cheers before she took a drink.
“I take it you liked the ceremony,” Castiel said softly, coaxing Dean back to the present moment.
“Anything can turn up more leads. Leave no stone unturned kind of thing,” he replied. “You two are some of the better agents, so I don’t actually need anything here, I just find this case fascinating, but if you do need help with something, let me know, okay?”
“Do you know every customer?” Dean asked.
They drove for about an hour until they arrived at the Kansas University campus in Lawrence. Castiel stepped out and Dean also exited, confused as to what could be here.
“Dean,” Cas pleaded. “This is not what I meant. I was talking about
“I think that I believe you’re my soulmate now,” Dean said. “That was a pretty nice kiss.”
Dean overheard Cas’s explanation and he was really relieved Cas didn’t call it a date in front of Jessica; not that he didn’t want it to be a date, but because he didn’t want to play 100 Questions with her once he was eventually back home.
He felt a hand grasp on his shoulder and shake him gently, and he turned to see a man he had never met attached to him and Cas before a more familiar red head stepped into view. “Ayyyy, Cassie! Looks like You got some new man meat to replace that last idiot who let you go! Good job!”
“What about the guy before me? Trench coat?” Dean asked.
Dean closed the book after reading their kiss and the small epilogue about them starting a life together on a farm outside the city. He chuckled as he wiped the tears from his eyes. There were just too many parallels that he just couldn’t ignore.
Dean was too busy suffering from the searing burns that were coursing through his body to think about answering Roman. He thought he was being lit on fire from the inside out. It hurt so badly to breathe, but he was hyperventilating due to the lack of oxygen. The extra work his lungs were doing while they were under duress was only making his situation worse.
Dean gave Bobby another hug out of appreciation. “I’ll take the best care of her, promise.”
“Potential right-hand man,” she replied. “He’s made a few appearances with Novak, although it’s hard to tell. He’s generic looking, always got shades on, and doesn’t have identifiable marks like Novak does. I’ve got a lot of potential hits we need to filter through.”
Castiel blushed and bashfully looked away from Dean for a moment. He looked at the house, knowing Dean’s question, having the same interest in his eyes. “I think we should wait,” Castiel said remorsefully, like it hurt him to also be strong.
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Castiel said. “I know I’ve said it a lot, but-”
“Glow?” she asked. “That’s a very good idea, Dean. Perhaps God should have left you in charge of the soulmates.”
They got to the front of the line and the booth employee greeted them cheerfully. “Hot chocolates everybody?”
He didn’t know where Castiel lived yet, not that he was rushing to see his place just yet. He wasn’t sure if Cas lived with Jack or any of his siblings. They could both use some more privacy if the time for romance ever came, but his brother and sister-in-law would be less awkward than a full house which may or may not have included one of his employees.
“He’s a supervisor of mine at the FBI. He got a big promotion a few years ago when he got the credit for the tips that lead to…Anastasia’s operation getting stopped.”
He weighed the pros and cons of everything the entire situation during the bus ride. He arrived at his destination and made his way off the bus. The bar was still a bit of a hike, but he was at least on Main Street.
Gabriel, the other man, was just looking at the both of them, eyes darting back and forth. His neutral expression slowly grew until he busted with the heaviest laughter he had displayed all morning. “Did that just fucking happen!? DID WHAT I THINK HAPPEN JUST FUCKING HAPPEN!?” He continued to laugh more, and Dean’s eyes shot to Castiel, who was looking furiously at Gabriel with an intense rage. “This is the best day of my life!”
He decided to call up Charlie instead to take his mind off the man. The phone rang a. few rings before the line clicked.
“Well, I’m just glad Jo found you and got you to come. I was worried I wouldn’t see you again,” Dean confessed.
central hub of operations, and they were feeling the pressure.
They made their way inside the restaurant and they were escorted to a small booth table in the corner with a great view of the rest of the bar. The waitress brought them their drinks and they waited on their food.
Charlie hummed in amusement. “You can express grief, Dean, I promise. I don’t resent people who have ever had parents. Breaking news, almost everyone has.”
The rest of their car conversation was lighter, and they eventually made their way to an upscale pub and restaurant near the shopping area where he ran into Cas the other day.
Gabriel smiled, having struck gold with this woman. He didn’t have to host, didn’t have to feel bad about kicking her out or leaving, and she was incredibly sexy. “Lead the way.”
Dean laughed lightly and gave his daughter a big smile. “You’d be a great movie star, darling. How about you, Jack, any ideas?”
Anastasia Miltoynov was Cas’s sister. He was looking for her children. Zachary Adler is the one who brought down Anastasia Miltoynov, and if Cas was working with him, Cas had no idea.
Castiel followed nervously, unsure of whether to dress out here or in there. He kicked off his shoes in the room but then headed to Dean. He heard the water running before he even entered. Dean was still in his pants, and luckily Cas wasn’t the odd one out.
He has.
He hadn’t even thought about moving our yet because hew as still about $1200 short of the amount he was aiming for.
Dean looked like he was trying to come up with a joke. Maybe he’d say he only thought of hate fucking his throat or something else degrading, but he was tired too. “Yeah, I thought I’d see you sooner.”
“I’ll be right with you!.” a voice announced from the office room behind the desk.
Out of all the small towns Dean had to live in growing up, Waterloo had the potential to be one of the dullest; but Jo a certain blue eyed boy made that small town the best small town ever.
“You’ve always insisted I give you as little details as possible,” Castiel replied.
“Many people did,” Castiel replied. “And in the aftermath of her execution, all allies were scattered into the winds.”
“What do you got for me?” Dean asked cheerfully.
“Are you ready to see?” Dean asked, reaching behind him, trying to find where he set the phone without turning around too soon for Castiel.
Dean brought his hand to cup Castiel’s face, something he was learning he was becoming rather fond of doing, and leaned in for yet another kiss, which he would also never tire of.
“Cas,” Dean said breathlessly. Castiel came, he was
Dean turned back to the stage. He was impressed these students had all of these songs just memorized in their heads, and they knew exactly how to play them all through and through with no sheets in front of them. Dean found their talent to be truly spectacular.
“I will provide you with what I can once I am able to gather it, for Anastasia,” Markoff said.
“What is it?” Castiel asked.
He moved his mouth to the back of Dean’s neck and mouthed at it hard. He was building up passion and need, and he no longer wanted to be sweet and delicate. He dropped the cloth to the ground and just let his hands roam Dean. They went around Dean’s sides to grasp his pecs and Castiel pressed against Dean more, to which he responded by pushing back against Cas in turn.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hands and held them both to his chest. He leaned his forehead to press his against Castiel’s. “Of course I’m here for you, Cas.”
He was too busy with his Christmas shopping to begin reading his final book from Cas, but he was excited to start it soon.
Dean racked his head, thinking carefully. “A screaming ghost girl?”
As Castiel opened his mouth to respond, the door opened again and Castiel turned to glare at the intruder.
He had just gotten home and was trying to unwind with a bottle of beer with Sam when Dean’s phone began to ring. He fished his phone out of his pocket, expecting it to be from Castiel, but he was surprised to see it from Jessica.
“I DO know that, Bobby!”
one half,” Jo replied, gesturing at her desk. Dean stood up and looked over his monitors to see that yes, Jo had another equally large folder full of photos on her desk, making Dean grimace. “Get to work.”
“How will they answer?” Castiel asked.
was on a date with you, I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands or mouth off of you,” Castiel growled.
“Good. Maybe we can play that videogame together after dinner if you want,” Castiel said.
!” Gabriel asked. “So what’s the plan?”
Jo made a
“Dad! You’re home!” Claire exclaimed.
She eyed up at the two security cameras in Bobby’s own office. Dang government agencies monitoring everything but they couldn’t find one dang traitor.
“That you,” Dean replied softly, gently kissing Cas’s hands. “I’ll meet you outside.”
“Hi Lisa,” Dean stated, trying his best to bury the emotion in his voice. “Before you get mad, Ben texted me first, wanting me to come back and I’m just trying to give him some closure.”
“That’s many religious kids I suppose. My parents were religious, but then my mother died young, and Dad stopped believing,” Dean replied. “Now he’s dead too.”
They fell asleep with Dean in Castiel’s arms, his back against Castiel’s torso. The sunlight crept in and lulled them from their slumber. His cock was hard against Dean’s ass and he desperately wanted a round two, but they had things to do, and that was his only condom.
Dean made his way to his car and drove back to the hotel. Dean’s heart raced the entire drive. He only got a few minutes of conversation with Cas, and he was already craving more.
to be at the festival. If Dean told him he was coming, he maybe wouldn’t show; but if he kept it to himself, he could surprise Castiel.
excited to see her. He looked forward to sex, and time with her was better than time alone, but she didn’t really excite him the way Cas did.
Dean just smiled back and gave a polite nod. He was using all his strength to repress the goofiest of looks or to say something stupid in an octave too high. He reached out his hand to Cas, and Cas
Castiel laughed heartily at Dean’s ridiculousness, and his lungs felt good about it. He hasn’t had laughter in his life in years and now they were coming from this gorgeous green-eyed man.
book Cas recommended, still untouched. He hadn’t done any reading since the night at the hospital when he learned the truth. He was drunk all weekend, and yesterday he just went to bed early.
This meant Castiel Novak, the criminal terrorist he had been hunting for months now, who was currently holding him hostage and was going to murder him, was his freaking soulmate.
Everything Dean said was true. Castiel was a villain in Dean’s life right now. And until he knew how to remedy that, that’s what Castiel would be stuck as.
jeopardize something. He was transparent about telling him he could choose not to answer. Whether it was sincere or not, Castiel would never know- his paranoia was always too high for that.
“We have every agent looking into this as possible, “Bobby said reassuringly, while returning the symbol that meant something along the lines of  “No, but proceed with caution”.
Castiel gave a mischievous grin. “You have a nice bed, a television, and you got what I would consider a
The interrogator smiled at the question. “I don’t answer the questions, I ask them. Do you know where you are?”
Castiel’s smile grew largely in a way that sort of shook Dean. He couldn’t imagine someone so happy with the thought of going on a date with him. “I’d like that a lot. What day is good for you?”
Cas just stood over Dean for a few moments processing the information before turning his head away from Dean’s face to yell at the top of his lungs. “FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! FUCK!”
She squinted closely at the man. It looked like Castiel, but so different. His expression was unlike any other photo she’d seen of him, and he had no tattoos on his body at all, and the Castiel she knew of was the most inked up criminal she’d ever seen, and she’d seen plenty.
“Anything for you, Dean,” Castiel said as he rolled Dean over on his back and gave him a kiss to start. He left kisses down Dean, making sure to lick up a little bit of the dried mess on Dean’s stomach from last night, which he thought might spark Dean awake a smidge before he got down to Dean’s dick.
“Dean?” Ben asked.
about our relationship, Dean. My longest relationship has been two nights long, and you’ve only got about one night left, milaya.”
, he would get more invested. Every second he spent with Castiel he would fall more, and fall harder, and it would be harder to leave whenever the inevitable event that forces them to break up happens, and it
“Sounds like you need stronger materials, stronger foundation,” Bobby said.
a sign. So we were talking and walking together and we got cocoa together and I got her number and-”
Dean sniffled and stepped a few paces away to keep Cas from seeing him crying. He fought as hard as he could to keep the tears at bay; and for the most part, he succeeded, but a few broke loose anyways. He wiped the droplets from his eyes and cleared his throat before turning back to Cas.
“Yes.”
. Dean’s probing earlier had scared them. He was being moved out of the circle. Jo would never be able to find him now. The guards lifted their guns and aimed them at Dean’s cell. Dean’s heart was pounding now. He was focused on survival, and being moved was better than being filled with raining bullets. He had to put all of his faith into Gabriel and Castiel’s humanity, which was equally terrifying.
Castiel nodded. “I need to make some calls to arrange this safely. My fixer is on the way. You’re going to be a little uncomfortable for a while but I’ll make sure you’re brought food.”
“Is Castiel coming?” Dean asked as nonchalantly as he could.
. He couldn’t help but notice the similarities between him and Castiel. ‘Alamander’ was the rough and tough poor guy who had to be rough, tough, and brawl his whole life. He took risky jobs and whatever it took to get food on the table because his father was a lazy asshole.
“Why not?” Castiel asked, which shocked Dean. He looked back up and saw Castiel starting intently at him, torso partially twisted, one hand on the book he was grabbing on a higher shelf, but otherwise Dean had his full attention, which made him feel at unease.
Castiel looked embarrassed and overwhelmed from the flattery. He took a drink of his wine to hide himself, which was obvious to Dean, and he let out a chuckle. Castiel set his drink down, but was still attempting to hide his gaze from Dean, but he wasn’t hiding his smile. Cas eventually forced himself to look back at Dean. “I suppose I was…equally attracted upon meeting you. I’m
He returned back to work the next day and offered Jack and Garth longer lunch breaks to make up for him missing out on work the day before. They were appreciative, and Dean was in the best mood he had been in all week because he and Cas made it out of that weird funk.
Meg had some kind of smirk Dean couldn’t exactly read. “Yes, I know him,” she said vaguely. Dean wouldn’t pry further. It would have been weird.
“O-kay,” Anna said awkwardly, diverting her attention away from Dean sexually propositioning her brother. “I will let you both catch up. Gabriel, feel free to leave me alone too.”
“That’s fair,” she said, handing him the photo back. “Look into it.”
“I’ll make sure he goes,” Sam stated.
He arrived at his own penthouse and grabbed a bottle of vodka he was so thankful he restocked up on. He didn’t need a glass or a fancy ice sphere. He drank straight from the bottle and made his way to his bed where he could wallow and hopefully fall asleep rather quickly. His head hit the pillow and the gentle buzz in his head along with the physical exhaustion of his day accomplished just that.
= = = =
,” Dean said. “What makes you think I don’t know myself?”
“If we can get a match on that car within the blind area, it’ll be even better. We need to start filtering those hits next. Your sources tell you anything?” Dean asked.
He got into his car and he headed home as requested. He made his way inside and came across Jessica in the kitchen who was getting ready for work.
Ellen gestured him to follow her to the bar and she gestured for him to have a seat. “She’s getting last minute things organized. Weddings sure are a lot of work, but she’ll be here tonight for pre-wedding day drinks and some of the bridal parties. You better be staying. She’ll die when she sees you. She’s so excited to see you again.”
“New,” Dean replied flatly.
“My what?” Dean asked. He had accidentally zoned out mid-rant as he watched TV in the living room, and Sam was all the way in the kitchen, so the distance made it hard to hear.
He left his bed to get cleaned up in the bathroom before making his way back under the covers. It was time to sleep now, and he let himself ease down from his orgasmic high. Whatever this was with Castiel, whatever was going to happen, he had no choice but to continue to take things one day at a time.
“Thank you, Dean,” Jess said as positively as she could. The air was still thick with tension, and right now, Dean wanted to be alone.
Dean chuckled. “I’ve never focused too much on that’s tuff. I’ve always been more of a blast ‘em and shoot at ‘em guy.”
“No, I’m just playing some video games,” she stated. “How about you?”
He didn’t know how he was going to get out of this situation with Dean. He needed to finish what he set out to do. He needed to kill his family’s traitor first of all, and then he had to find
“I guess not really,” Dean said. “On the slight chance we somehow
He began to swirl his hips on Castiel’s cock and forced a moan out of him. He was always more of a silent grunter, but there was no reason to be s reserved with Dean. He should let himself enjoy this moment together. He watched as his lover stared down at him with those verdant irises as his dick was being stirred inside of Dean’s tight body.
Charlie’s friend, the minister, began his speech, and if Dean was being honest, he had the most impossible time paying attention. It was so hard for him to stare forward at the most beautiful wedding he’s ever seen, thinking about soulmates and true love, and not turn around to look at the man he had been dying to see for ten painstakingly long years. He needed to know where his soulmate mark was, and what it was.
likes it, it’s soulmate material? Something feels a little rigged here,” he said playfully.
Dean was an FBI Agent stationed in Washington, DC. He never thought he’d have this kind of career in life. Being raised by a hunter and having extensive gun expertise and knowledge in terrain and environmental analysis combined with his natural charm, acting skills, and people profiling made him an ideal candidate, apparently.
Dean closed his book and rubbed his face to loosen up some tension that was building in his forehead. “I’ve been reading non-stop for two days. I need a break. I was wondering if you’d want to hang out.”
He waited a few minutes for his phone to vibrate again, and he checked what he received from Castiel. “I am fairly positive you did.”
“Hard pass,” Dean said. “It’ll be cold as fuck and I don’t want to third wheel your date night.”
“Dean?” Castiel said as he approached. A small smile formed, but the man was visibly nervous and concerned. “It’s good to see you.”
“I do not mind being alone, Anastasia,” Castiel objected.
Dean tipped his glass to him and made his way over to Castiel with a warm smile. Castiel’s expression changed from one of concern and questioning to a happier one. It was probably rude to think, but Dean hoped it may have been jealousy.
“Well, you can tell them both I’m not going to be interested,” Dean stated.
Dean let out a small hum as he considered Castiel’s words. Castiel seemed genuine about it, and there would have been other opportunity. He could have been kept in a sex dungeon right now if Castiel wanted it.  The man also had a first aid kid on hand, ideally planning for Dean to be re-examined and healed as needed, and he was being very careful. “And the spanking?” Dean asked playfully.
Sunlight filtered into the room and Cas slowly opened his eyes. It was Sunday morning, and he could hear a bird or two outside his windows chirping happily.
“May I see?” Zachary asked. Dean handed him the photo. Zachary looked impressed.
“I don’t know,” Dean replied, which surprised Castiel. It sounded sincere enough. It wasn’t the answer Castiel wanted to hear, and Dean likely knew that, but it was honest. “We don’t know each other at all. The flirting was fun, the innuendos, but I don’t know you well enough to miss you. Only enough to be intrigued and-”
“Counter’s fine,” Dean stated.
“Am I going back in the cell, Cas?” Dean asked as they made their way to wherever their new location was. There were too many guards to take on, especially with his hands behind his back, and Dean still had the ankle tracker. Hopefully Castiel remotely handled the explosive aspect he mentioned earlier, but it would likely be activated again if he tried anything.
“See you Saturday, then. Sweet dreams, Dean,” Cas replied.
Sam chuckled as he popped the top off a bottle of beer and scooped up a plate of pasta from the pot on the stove. “Well, I am really glad he’s a better Novak than mine.”
“You’re too early, kid,” Bobby griped.
“He must have left a really good impression you in that case,” Cas texted.
“I was visiting my father in the hospital.” Dean explained. “The news was on the TV in his room. They had just announced gay marriage was legalized. Dad groans and says ‘Turn that shit off.’”
Gabriel, still laughing, was trying to recover his breath, just like Dean and Castiel were, although he was laughing at their misery, which seemed in-character for the man.
“I will find them, Anastasia,” Castiel said. “I promise you.”
Dean sighed as he took a sip of his own. “Can’t a guy enjoy a little privacy? It may not even develop into anything. If it does, I will tell you.”
“Yeah, you might. It looks like you’ve got location masking, so I don’t think you’ll be exposed,” Dean said.
Dean was allotted certain visiting hours, and Jo and another guard always had to be in attendance in case Gabriel and Castiel tried to team up and take down Dean, although it was a non-issue.
After several minutes, Dean cupped Castiel’s face. “I think you need a rest, babe. Let me take care of you.”
“Bradbury?”
“So Sammy got his lady friend I hear, ring pending, my little Joanna getting hitched. That just leaves you, Dean,” Ellen said.
After about ninety minutes, Dean assumed what was being played was the finale of the show due to the intensity of the music. After several sections stopped and a few strong notes were played by a soloist, the lights illuminated softly and the crowd went into a strong applause. Castiel stood up and Dean followed suit. All of the students rose from their chairs and bowed, including the conductor.
this. He loved tasting his partners, he loved hearing them whimper and watching them writhe in his grasp. He loved a sexy piece of ass and he loved burying his face, his dick, or toys in them. He never was on the receiving end with his call boys, but he’d definitely like Dean to return the favor……someday. But tonight, he was only focused on handling Dean.
“Only every time you see her,” Sam groaned.
= = = =
“Thank you. Leave us,” Castiel ordered. The guards obeyed Castiel’s order and made themselves scarce. Dean wasn’t sure if he found comfort in that idea or not.
“Double-date!”
“Definitely not,” Ellen said as she escorted Rowena to the Winchester’s table.
Castiel raised his eyebrow at Dean. “I don’t want my opinion to influence yours,
Anna let out a small laugh. “I’m very single.”
“Yes, please,” Dean said.
“Same here,” Cas replied. “I needed to get out of town to clear my head.”
Dean smiled widely, surprised Missouri wasn’t taken aback by his shortcomings. “So, does this mean I can get a bouquet to try to impress Cas?”
Castiel looked over at Dean and Dean shook his head. He couldn’t compromise the deal for Castiel or any potential case against Zachary by exposing a potential bias.
Zdravstvuyte- Hello
Jack entered a few steps behind and leaned against the wall. “Hey, sport! How was school?”
“We were learning about jobs today, like doctors and lawyers and firefighters,” Claire added.
glad you ran into me at that store.”
“Wow,” Dean replied. “And they’re still around?”
Two well-dressed gentlemen made their way to their table, and both Castiel and Gabriel stood up to greet them appropriately. “Thank you for meeting with me today,” Castiel said with firm handshakes. “I know the decision was not made easily.”
it was them,” Mary explained.
“I’ll get our tickets for us,” Dean said.
Castiel heard the rustling of the comforter and shifting of the mattress as Dean sat up and raised the dimmer next to the bed to get a little light in the room without blinding each other. Dean would be able to see Castiel was tired, sincere, hollow, lonely. Maybe Cas could play this off tomorrow that he was only pretending to be vulnerable to get to Dean. He wasn’t sure. He wasn’t sure of anything when it came to Dean.
Gabriel looked at him curiously, also deducing whether or not he could or should divulge any personal information about his life. “In my twenties,” he replied. “San Francisco, Chicago, New Orleans, New York of course. Ironically, not DC.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said as he approached. Jack just continued to walk past and head to the car. “I wasn’t aware you were the new supervisor Jack had spoken about.”
“Sounds good, see you then,” Dean stated before he hung up. He took a shower and chose to swap out his comfortable tee shirt with a slightly better looking plaid button down since he was going in public now. He put on some cologne, unsure why he was trying so hard to impress his lesbian best friend, but he wanted to make a good impression. This was the first time they had hung out since high school.
“Come on, Claire, let’s get you into bed.” Dean replied. She mumbles something faintly in agreement, although she was too tired to enunciate clearly.
He couldn’t take it much further than this tonight, though. He didn’t think they were on that level yet, even after one moderately productive talk. But it was the start of something, maybe.
Cas’s eyebrow raised up with intrigue. “You’re not afraid of anything that might go wrong?”
But….uhhh....he was the only thing I could think about. He saw
Mary chuckled softly. “Well, my son, finding love is kind of hard, so God invented soulmates, and when you talk to your soulmate for the first time, you’ll know it’s them because the world will go silent, they’ll take your breath away, and you’ll only be able to hear their heartbeat, which tells you how much they love you. You see the stars and you hear the angels. It’s quite interesting.”
I also apologize for any inaccuracies in FBI protocol or work life throughout the course of this fic as well as criminal life as I am not an employee of the federal government nor a mob boss.
“You should try some therapy in that case,” she countered.
Dean let out a humored hum at that. He was sure these boys would be better than Bobby gave them credit for; or at the very least, he sure hoped.
The license plate brought them a few substantial leads. Dean noticed a large empty area where Novak and his associate were never seen. Criminals wouldn’t want to be caught too close to their base, so they tended to venture out further.
Jack finally trudged in a few moments later, looking less cheerful than Claire, but Jack was always a little moodier. “There’s my buddy!”
“Good evening, everyone,” Ellen said.
He sighed again as Missouri looked at him, listening to every word. Her face was unreadable, though. He wasn’t sure if he was persuading her one way or another. “Honestly, Missouri, I fucked up bad. Sorry, if you don’t like swearing, I’m sorry, but ….I really did. I didn’t know he was one of the Novaks and I got incredibly self conscious. Cas is just the most amazing man, and I didn’t feel like I deserved him to begin with, and then bam! That bombshell just…
