Sam shrugs helplessly. "I don't know! It seemed like a good idea at the time!"
Lucifer cradles him gently. "I'm turning into a monster. Look," Sam confesses, holding the arm black with demon blood out for Lucifer to see.
Michael is easy to find, if only because he is in the room next door to Sam's own. Sam raps on the door impatiently, ready to battle for what he thinks is right- a more equal division of the souls going to Hell, and also a way to keep his own father out of it. Michael will most likely disagree with him, and with that thought Sam pounds harder on the door.
"Crowley, are you alright, sweetie?" Rowena asks.
Uriel is 25
Because his brain is so unfocused on the debate, it's no surprise to him that he loses. It's a good thing it's not real.
"Murderers, anyone with crimes against children, abusers, human traffickers, drug kingpins-" Azazel begins.
"Castiel," reprimands Michael, and Cas backs off.
"They've got another round coming in! Castiel, can you help us triage?"
"Jess, I-"
"Yeah. You guys blew them all up. The gun didn't work on Lucifer, as it turns out, but I accepted being his vessel then threw him into the Cage."
"Fifteen minutes."
"Hmm?" Lucifer shakes himself out of his thoughts. "No, no. I'll just, be going then." He vanishes quickly.
Meg takes off with a loping trot. They pass other rooms with people on the racks. Sam hesitates for a minute, rocking toward the door unconsciously. Meg reaches back and grabs his hand, yanking him away. "You can't. I know, you're such a bleeding heart you want to rescue everyone, but you can't. This is exactly why some of them don't think you'd be a good ruler for us."
Gabriel shakes his head, bolting to his feet and yanking Lucifer up with him. "I'm okay. We're okay," he promises.
Sam finally snaps back to awareness when his computer is being shoved out of the way by a black nose. "Hello, Juliet," Sam says, petting the huge Hellhound. He moves and feels his whole spine pop in protest. He's really been sitting too long. He stretches longer, shoulders and knees popping too. Then he pops his neck, spine again, wrists, and each individual knuckle on his fingers. He rolls his long body once and sets off to find his fiancees. The day is nearly over and he's hardly seen them.
"What about you?" Dean questions Jared stubbornly, arms crossed over his chest.
Dean looks at him with fire in his eyes. "You can't do that! We just promised 'until eternity do us part!' This is not the start of eternity."
"Oops, we've been grounded," Gabriel says softly.
"No. What, my brother thought that, since I refused him so many times, he would send you instead?"
Sam crept out to the Impala after stealing the keys from Dean with no small amount of trepidation. He pulls the demon knife out of the trunk guiltily, Michael's reminder of 'no fighting!' flashing in his head. 'Well, sorry Michael. I don't intend to start the fight, but if they start one I intend to be able to defend myself.'
..............................................................................
Dean walks off sulking. "Give me the phone when you're done so I can reassure her you're okay," Michael calls after him. A few minutes later Dean comes back in, begrudgingly holding the phone out to Michael.
Sam lets out a bitter laugh as he glances around the room. "Last time I was here, I was detoxing from demon blood. I didn't think I'd ever come here again."
Michael's mouth opens, closes, opens again. "You seemed the most uncomfortable," he finally decides.
Sam slumps back in his seat, all the tension draining out of him. He doesn't get anxious until he looks over at Cas and realizes he's ready for another fight. "There's more?"
"My fiances are both savages," Crowley states matter-of-factly. "Trying to make them both behave is a full-time job."
"Because I knew that you would be scared if he revealed himself for who he was. So I told him to be me first, so you wouldn't be afraid."
Sam smirks, quickly changing tracks. "Yes, Gabriel seems fine."
"Can you get him?"
"Shut up, Dean. But seriously, it's a shame we didn't think of this earlier. Then we'd already be married so we can't participate in this crazy marriage scheme of Chuck's. We'd keep the same last name. We'd never actually have to be married, so there wouldn't need to be a consummation."
The blonde bartender saunters over to them. "Hi, sweetie, what can I get you?" she questions with a too-friendly smile for Dean.
"Been better. I hurt."
"About half an hour ago, we already told you."
"Then he's missing a gap of two or three years."
Dean sucks in a deep breath. "Thank you." A pause, then, "I'm leaving before this becomes a chick-flick." He walks away without a backward glance.
He spins, throwing the guy that held him into the guy that was just hitting him. They go down together with a splash into the pond but instantly get back up. The third guy is still behind him somewhere, groaning as he tries to get up. Nobody pays him any attention.
Lucifer pulls Sam into a quick spine-tingling, toe-curling kiss. "I'll see you out there."
"Oh. Oh Dean, I'm so sorry. I was a kid, there was no power vested in me by anyone, much less the state of Kansas."
Dean does as he's asked, keeping up a running monologue on the elevator ride. Sam's eyes are clearly unfocused, but he seems to be listening to his brother because he's not fighting Michael or Lucifer as they support him.
Gabriel says nothing, simply eyeing the two men with his arms still out and body tense as though he's waiting to block another blow. "I'm done," Sam tells him, and Gabriel drops his arms to his sides.
"Lucifer, Sam, I know you're out there!" One of the angels calls tauntingly. "I could hear you discussing the use of the sigils." Lucifer and Sam exchange a glance. Sam waggles his fingers questioningly, silently asking if he can use his hellfire for this one. Lucifer shrugs, then nods. Sam closes his eyes and concentrates, then allows his hellfire to come up. It licks along his fingers joyously, then launches from his fingertips toward the angels. 'Don't hurt them!' Sam thinks, and it doesn't, it simply wraps its way around where they're standing like a circle of holy oil. The angel who was taunting them glares as they approach. "You will be lucky if you avoid being thrown back in your Cage for this, Lucifer. Of all the arrogance- to do this when Michael specifically asked you not to reeks of pride. You truly believe you'll succeed where the best warriors have failed?"
The first outfit he puts on is white. It's Sam's tongue-in-cheek way of mocking this whole idea, he's dressing himself up as a sacrifice. Or a virgin, which he is not. So, just a sacrifice. He looks pure and clean and completely innocent.
"Cas-"
Cas groans and flutters his eyelashes, opening his eyes slowly. "What happened?"
Sam looks around, spots Chuck, and stalks toward him like a panther on the prowl. Lucifer and Gabriel both hustle after him.
"Hi Sammy, it's Uriel."
"That he does."
A chime over the door announces Kali. She leaps the counter gracefully, grabbing an apron off the hook with one arm and grabbing Gabriel by his apron with the other. Kali's apron goes on, tied behind her as her lips meet Gabriel's. She deftly unties his apron and yanks it off mid-kiss, hands slipping beneath his shirt and settling on his abdomen. Wolf-whistles break out from their patrons as Gabriel staggers back and Kali lifts him on to the counter.
"Why would you have to kill Sammy?" Mary interrupts his tirade to ask.
"Dean was sent into the future after he split from you about the whole demon blood thing. Zachariah sent him to the future, where you had said yes. Lucifer killed the 2014 version of Dean, then proceeded to taunt the 2009 version- your brother- with the lines Jared just delivered. He was wearing you, of course, so it's lines Jared had to learn as being Sam's," Jensen explains. "Though, really, man? You should've chosen one where you were Sam and not Samifer."
"I don't even like flowers."
Sam wakes before the sun the next morning. He realizes Lucifer is staring intensely at him, a la Dean and Cas, and after a moment registers that Gabriel is plastered to him.
His stomach is still cramping, but Cas just sits down at the desk and begins making phone calls. He calls John, and when he doesn't pick up, he calls Mary. Then he calls Dean.
"I can't keep doing this: the torture, the hallucinations, I can't keep going. I'm so tired. I just need to rest."
"It doesn't have an M, you have to actually look at the names."
Michael takes them all back, and into the cafeteria. To Sam's surprise, the cafeteria has a selection of food like burgers, fries, pie, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Mary and John are sitting there with Ellen, Jo, and Ash next to them. Adam's sitting across from John, and Ben and Claire are next to him. Andy Gallagher, Charlie, and Kevin round out the table- though there's three gaps at the table. The next table has several angels Sam doesn't recognize sitting around it, in addition to Bobby, Crowley, and Balthazar. The third table has the group of demons sitting at it.
"How do you possibly know about pirates, but not we'll wing it?" Sam says rhetorically. "It means that we'll figure it out as we go along."
Lucifer grabs the cutters from Michael and deftly snips them, then attaches a new clasp so it will hold. "I'll solder this on, let me get it heated up quick." A few minutes later the new clasp is attached and soaked in water to cool it. Lucifer pats it dry then hands it to Michael.
"My whole closet?"
"Why do you think I'm lying to you?" counters Lucifer.
"GABRIEL!  I'm serious though, how do I solve this problem?"
"It wouldn't surprise me if that was the truth," Michael interrupts the sibling bickering before it can escalate to say. "After all, Castiel has been possessive over Dean since practically the moment he was hatched."
Sam's pushing him out of the way, then presses down on the cut so blood spurts everywhere. "It's not working," he mutters.
"Nope. So c'mon!"
"Did you tell him 'no?'"
"Alright so see, we're getting somewhere! Lucifer doesn't approve of an open marriage. Gabriel, what do you want?"
Cas is 13
"Gabriel, stop picking on Cas! Hi Sam, how are you?" Michael greets as he exits the bathroom still fastening his cumberband. Gabriel takes advantage of his brother's distraction and snags the condom from the bed. Then it's into Sam's pocket instead, followed with a lewd wink. "You know what they say about the wedding party."
"Is there anything that doesn't turn sexual with you?" Sam gripes.
"Dad's been working on his fifth book. Mom's also working a lot of overtime at the hospital."
Cas' eyes well up.
"Surprisingly enough, we do truly love him," Balthazar says. "He completes us."
"You suck!"
"Cas, Dean doesn't have friends. He has you, me, Kevin, and Charlie. And three of those people are already living here."
"Probably not. But hey, at least he comes with a ready-built room you can put him into time-out in, if you need to. Michael does not have the same perk."
"Our designation? C'mon, everyone knows only Alphas are doctors!" one boy near the back yells aggressively, and several of his friends laugh too. It's like high school all over again.
"Substitute the motorcycle for an Impala and that's true."
Lucifer's jaw grows tenser and tenser as Gabriel speaks, until the video runs again and the screen goes to black. "Where is he?" he growls.
"How did I miss one? I never miss, Dean!"
If there's anything else you don't understand, please let me know!
"Paper cut," Misha mumbles around the finger in his mouth. Michael gently pries his hand out of his mouth, then holds his other hand out for Cas. Cas correctly interprets this and places his own hand in Michael's, palm up. Identical paper cuts gleam up from the identical hands.
"I don't actually see one that says maps, I see McDonald's or Gmail."
The pressure eases from his airway. "Sam!"
"Ah, no. But if we're being completely honest, I didn't think that you would ever get married."
"Thanks, Mom," Sam says shakily.
"Why did you take them?" Sam asks, ignoring the backhanded compliment. His body is tensed for a fight, but if he has any chance of getting out of this without taking on the literal god of Fear he'd like to take it.
"Sam?" Gabriel begins.
Chuck laughs. "It's very much a benefit now. He learns what to do, and what not to do. But you're right. It's certainly a strength of his. And what about Castiel?"
"Either way, we will stay here between these walls for tonight," Michael determines. Then his eyes go unfocused as he stares into the middle distance. "Sam, you should tell my brothers what is going on. They are concerned."
When his mom comes looking for him hours later, she finds him on the floor still, leaning against Castiel's bed. His mouth hangs open as he snores, but he still holds his youngest brother carefully. Cas snores too, and neither boy wakes as Becky places a blanket over them and sneaks out of the room again.
"Crowley is a demon," Sam feels the need to remind them.
"I can keep watch," Lucifer tells him as Sam directs them down to the panic room.
"You too," he tells Gabriel.
He's trying to ignore her, trying to get to Sam, but suddenly his arms are full of Omega. Lucifer turns, catching the Omega in his arms and setting him on the ground. He's trying to be polite, but the need to get to Sam is burning through him.
"Really, Dean? Mambo number five? That doesn't even sound right, and you butchered the ending."
Michael is 21
Michael grabs Lucifer's water bottle and uncaps it to pour it over his head. Lucifer sputters immediately, pushing water out of his eyes as he reaches for his phone. "Pick up, pick up," he chants frantically. There's a horrible instinct inside of him saying that Balthazar has been gravely injured- that he was shot in the leg. He's never experienced anything like this before, but rumor has it that if one twin was horrifically injured the other would be as well.
"Yuck!" Sam declares emphatically. He thrusts forward so his finger is dipping into the concoction, then drags it across Gabriel's face. "Better as fingerpaint," he announces.
Sam jerks away, shoulders heaving in silent laughter. "Stop!" he protests. "You're too much!"
Sam recoils. "No, no, nothing like that!" he hastily reassures the men. "Why can I see the hellhounds?" he blurts.
"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Roman."
"We are going to take as long as possible to get to the hotel tomorrow, by the way," Dean says. "I just don't want to play nicely with Michael any sooner than I have to."
"I pronounce you married. For real this time. Dean, you may kiss your Omega."
"That's nice. Thanks again. I owe you one."
Sam tunes out most of the vows, only listening with one ear. He's watching Dean, who looks stressed, as though he's expecting something to go wrong. He's watching the wedding with a tiny frown on his face, body rigid to the point that Sam thinks a two-by-four looks more relaxed than his brother. And then, as he watches, Dean brings a hand up to his eye and swipes viciously. "Dean, are you...crying?"
"Alright, so back to true evil. Are there any other suggestions of who to doom to Hellfire?"
Cas shrugs. "He's my brother. I don't know."
There's the sound of footsteps, and Dean looks up to see a doctor. He's wearing very bloody scrubs, but he has a bit of a smile on his face. "Are you the Winchesters?"
He walks out of the room. Sam doesn't hear him when he glances up at the ceiling and says, "I swear Lucifer, if you don't tell him the truth soon, I will."
Sam is 7
"Nothing to deserve that face, I can promise you that." Sam gives him another look. "Really, it's nothing special. But you're sad and I'm trying to fix you, so I'd appreciate if you drank it so I can feel like I did something."
"Fair enough," answers Balthazar.
"For real this time?" Dean interrupts to double-check.
"No way, I've carefully avoided thinking about that," laughs Cas. "I'm hoping I'll have one of those precipitous labors that last half an hour or so, but I honestly don't think that'd be good for me or the babies."
"So what does it mean that he could?"
"That's not what I'm talking about, and you know it."
"Dean," Michael says as they walk out.
"Oh my God, capture the flag? You have the f**king best ideas."
"I didn't know that," Dean and Cas say together, which makes them laugh.
"Only if we force Sam and Lucifer to sit next to each other."
Next, Uriel sends a group text to his family using his own phone: 'Omega in heat at our house. Gabriel, keep Kali out of the neighborhood.'
His room clearly is, because Gabriel is sitting next to Lucifer in the dining room, cuddled into his side. Perfect.
"Well you have to be the only person he didn't tell."
"Why not?"
Lucifer offers a similar bow and says, "Gabriel's gone."
"He's rejecting my grace," reports Cas.
"My brothers," answers Sam. "Mr. Sarcastic is getting married soon, but I think Quiet and Mysterious is single, if that's your thing."
Sam stares at her. "What?" he manages weakly.
He tries to leave but Sam launches himself at him, clinging tightly to Balthazar's shirt. "Even if I am positive, I know it wasn't your fault," Sam whispers in his ear.
Sam doesn't respond. He keeps running, right up until they get to the Enterprise lot. Then, he throws his arm into a window and hotwires the car. "See how far out we are from Bobby's!" Sam barks, tossing his phone at his fiance.
"I couldn't tell you."
"I've told him I want to be with him forever."
"Father, why are you allowing me to marry Sam? Is this your idea of a cosmic joke, to give me one of the few creatures I will not be able to resist?"
"Maybe you should go tell him that."
"She's fine," Dean tells him, "she's in another room with Dad."
"And you're announcing it for us tomorrow at the family dinner, right?" Gabriel asks. "Because Kali and I are going to close the bakery earlier on that day."
Gabriel chuckles, leaving the bathroom. "You love his stubbornness." He approaches the bed and Sam hears their lips touch. He pantomimes gagging.
"I know, but can you drink it anyway?"
"Sorry Crowley! I guess my time's up, huh buddy?" He dives into the pool, splashing the three adults. "Hey Crowley, watch this!" Sam dives under and does a handstand, walking toward the boy while under the water.
'Dead-Sam is very demanding,' Sam thinks.
"Any of it. All of it. I don't know!"
"There's something you might want to consider before you solidify that list," Crowley begins.
Sam doesn't answer. He pulls the gun up and trains it on Lucifer, eyeing him speculatively. Lucifer wisely removes himself from the group, hands up to show he means no harm as he backs off again.
Sam nods eagerly.
Cas nods in agreement, exhaling slowly. "Even if we are pregnant, this is just a little sooner than expected," he declares and flips the test. "Oh my God."
"Let's get him inside," Michael decides. "We can heal him from there." He guides the other angels into picking up Sam and carrying him inside.
"Claire, Ben, Adam- go upstairs and find Michael."
Sam nods, so Lucifer holds out his hand. Sam's fingers slip into his, palms interlocking before Lucifer flies them back.
Sam doesn't acknowledge their submission. He finds his demon knife and picks it up, sliding it back into his pants. Then he registers the mocking clapping, and he turns cautiously toward the sound, hand still on Ruby's knife.
"Catch me," Cas whispers, then he swoons into Dean's arms.
"Oh. I didn't know that. I found out yesterday," Dean tells him. Then he drops to one knee and pulls a box out of his pocket. Cas' heart starts beating like it's going to fly out of his chest. This can't be- this isn't- is Dean actually? "So, Cas-" Dean says, and he flips the lid on the box and Cas is surprised he's still standing at this point because that's Mary's ring there in the box, "wanna get married for real this time?"
"You're right. Guess that means I'd better kiss you again." Cas flings himself at Dean, and Dean staggers under the unexpected assault. Sam steps forward, subtly catching him. It helps steady Dean, who then holds Cas as they kiss for much longer. Sam's mouth drops. Gabriel wolf-whistles. And Cas and Dean just keep kissing.
"Official," Dean corrects, drawing out the 'o' for emphasis.
Sam steps forward, taking off his shirt and folding it neatly. Alistair is staring at him, and Sam smirks at him. "If you think you see something you like, I wouldn't. Most people I have sex with tend to die, and that's before I met Gabriel and Lucifer."
"No, Balthazar. It's not your fault. Alistair was a hateful man, but that doesn't mean that what happened was your fault," Mary says.
"Excuse me, sirs," the manager requests, plopping a giant bowl of ice cream between the two of them with two spoons. Sam's eyes become dinner plates as he stares at the ice cream.
Sam follows his parents into enemy territory, but as they continue straight he and Crowley veer left, following the river. Considering Crowley is still wearing a suit, he keeps up with the hunter pretty well. They continue on for a while, not seeing anyone. After a few minutes they spot the flag, completely unguarded. "Too easy," Sam remarks. "Even Dean's not arrogant enough to leave the flag unguarded."
"No!"
Michael growls. "You dare threaten the consort of the archangel Michael?"
"Sorry, Mary," Adam mutters. The woman at the counter interrupts by calling out their order. Sam leaps up to grab it.
Sam looks around in confusion. "Where did they go?"
Sam laughs so hard he starts crying again. "I've missed this. No one jokes around with me like that anymore. It makes me feel like I'm a normal person."
"You thought you were back in Hell. Screamed at Lucifer, tried to protect Cas, tried to commit suicide. You've been a mess, quite frankly."
Sam falls silent as he thinks that over, laying back on the blanket again. He's almost asleep when he hears a snap and opens his eyes to realize Gabriel has conjured up small cupcakes for them. "What do you guys think, can I fit two of these in my mouth at once?"
"Can we be done fighting now? I didn't drive all this way to argue with you over whether or not Lucifer is in love with me," Sam says.
"Sure we could. We both have money, and we could just go to Massachusetts. I mean, we're married, which means your family is my family. So, Michael's my brother too. And if he thinks that he's unwanted and his family thinks he's a mistake, then we should definitely go and let Michael know how much we both love him, and, most importantly, tell him we don't think he's a mistake."
"I went to Stanford to get books on Political Science," Sam explains as he gulps down the concoction, making a face at the taste.
"They're just making up after a fight."
"I don't want it," Sam mumbles, but Lucifer hears him just the same.
Dean seems to have forgotten that they are out in the open, because Sam can clearly see his tongue working its way into Castiel's mouth. Sam shudders. "I'm going inside, whenever you two are done come join me," Sam calls, and he turns his back on the kissing couple. He ignores the three archangels entirely, shouldering his bag and walking into the hotel.
"I don't know what the last part was, but the first was because of you."
"Back to me growing wings," Dean cuts in impatiently.
"Lucifer, you have to tell your husband these things. I do sincerely apologize, Sam and Dean. I believed you were both aware of the situation," Michael says.
"I decided to propose right this time," Dean explains when Cas looks over to him, overwhelmed and lost. "I wanted our family here to celebrate this time."
"Michael was well when we talked on the phone three nights ago."
"Michael?" Mary answers, baffled.
M: 'CASSIE is in heat?!'
Sam looks at Dean and laughs. "Hey Dean, wanna get married?"
"Glad to see you haven't grown up at all in the six years you've been gone!"
"I'm pretty sure he said make love, Cas. Sex, Cas. He thinks we're having sex because you told him we are dating."
"Go!" Sam tells Cas. "You can't have him!" he directs to Lucifer, planting himself in front of his friend. He will be so hurt for this, but he needs to protect Cas.
"Oh ha ha, very funny."
"Come in, come in! It's good to see you! Looking to finally get back in the swing of things, the old college grind?"
"Charlie!" Dean gasps, hugging her.
"Fine," Sam agrees sulkily.
"I'm not Sam. He is," Jared says.
"Listen-" the waitress begins. Unnoticed by anyone though, Cas has already slipped away from the table and found the manager.
"I should go make sure," Sam mutters, and he jerks to his feet. Then he sways and topples back to the bed. "Maybe after a nap," he decides as he passes out again.
Lucifer looks up from his computer again around ten. He's shocked to realize it's dark out, and Sam is snoring on his shoulder. Somehow he missed that, too. He picks Sam up and carries him to the guest room, lying him down on the bed before systematically stripping him of his plaid shirt and sneakers. Sam mumbles something beneath his breath and turns onto his stomach, which works fine for Lucifer because that's all the more naked Sam should be if he's sleeping in the guest bedroom- t-shirt and jeans. Then he goes out to call Mary.
"I know. I'm just saying, it's surprising."
"Certainly. Come upstairs, darling. I'll help you get cleaned up."
"Why are you calling?" Sam asks. "And my name is Sam, not Sammy."
"Crowley and Balthazar are both becoming human. It's part of the 'ambassadors to Earth' thing."
"I don't honestly care, so long as the baby doesn't always cry whenever I hold them. What do you think, Gabe?"
"So we keep saying," Dean remarks under his breath. He jerks his hand away from Michael so he can wave it. "I'm so sick of failing him, you know? I'm sick of it! I'm always, always, always failing to protect him. It was the one thing that was asked of me as a kid- 'take care of Sammy'. Ever since that fire that's all it's ever been, is 'take care of Sammy'. God knows Dad couldn't do it, it was always my responsibility. And I just keep failing him. Over and over and over- this shouldn't be happening. I should be the one seeing the crazy things, I'm the one that should have been possessed, and I'm not because I'm so wrapped up in my own life that I didn't even see Sammy was falling apart in front of my until it was too late."
Raphael steps into the camera then, and calmly wrenches the microphone from the perky blonde reporter. She struggles but she's no match for an angel. "Sam and Dean Winchester. Come to us." he calls tauntingly.
"But in his heart of hearts he does want to be with you," argues Gabriel, tone uncharacteristically serious.
"That's really soon, so it's going to be a lot of work for you and Castiel. But it can be done. Why don't you come over for dinner next Wednesday and we can start getting this thing planned? Oh, and in the meantime, I need you to talk to Cas about this, find a venue, make a guest list, and decide who you want in your wedding party."
"What does that mean?"
"Bal, isn't linguistics... languages?"
"They're stepsiblings, it's practically incest!" hisses Dean furiously.
Dean turns the car around, but no one says anything until they arrive back at the hotel. Sam pulls himself out of Baby reluctantly and troops back inside. He pays no attention to his brother, who has dropped back to talk with Cas, but steels his nerves and troops up to room 225. He pushes the door open and stalks inside.
Sam can't think, can't move, can't get to Lucifer. Because this is all a mistake, Lucifer can't be dead, they're getting married soon. This was probably Gabriel's idea, a lousy prank that he doesn't realize isn't funny. He staggers over to Lucifer and collapses to his knees, feeling desperately for a pulse though he knows logically he won't find one. Of course he won't, live angels don't get wing imprints burned into the ground.
"See, I told you they needed us," Kevin says to Charlie. "I've been getting some weird prophecies regarding the two of you," he tells Dean. He reaches out to touch Sam, but the second they make contact something changes. The boys scream in symphony, Sam bellowing "Cas!" Castiel responds instantly before realizing they're trapped in a vision, and Sam's not actually calling him. "You promised, Michael." Sam intones in Dean's voice. "You promised. Until death do us part."
When they finally sit up again, Michael speaks. "You know, Mom and Mary were right about it being a mistake to have me so early. It was much more difficult on Dad and her to try and survive. But that doesn't mean they thought I was a mistake, just that they shouldn't have had me so early." He grabs his laptop. "See, once you get mated you have to worry about taking care of TWO of you, not just one. There's rent, water, sewage, trash, electricity, clothes, food, cars, insurance... and with a child there's even more."
"And tried to kiss me," Lucifer adds.
The doctor, who had been holding the door, freezes and turns to pin Cas with an icy stare. "What did you just say?"
"Dude, do you mind if I get a drink?"
Gabriel chuckles as Chuck interrupts their soft argument with a cough. "If you two are done arguing, I'd personally like to get married to my two favorite people at some point today."
"We are to be married, what's mine is yours, and I have plenty of money. Sam's suit is to be covered by Gabriel. So if you're done complaining, please pick a suit to marry me in."
Azazel shuts his mouth with an audible click. "I'm going to get sick of that so quickly," he finally says.
"From the moment you walked into that barn I thought you were hot, but I also thought you were evil when Pamela's eyes were burnt out, so I didn't really care. You're my friend, you're my best friend, and I lied when I told you I thought of you as a brother, because I don't think of you that way, and because of my stupid no-chick-flick policy I am l almost lost you. And I can't lose you, Cas. Not again. Each time you leave you take a piece of me with you. I spend all the time you're gone thinking about you and praying for you to come back. I need to stay with you this time, Cas. In whatever form you see that taking, whether it's your hunting partner, your best friend, your boyfriend...I don't know. But it was never unrequited, and it was never out of reach. I love you." Dean takes his hand off Cas' mouth then, and waits for him to say something. But Cas' mouth opens and Dean's too scared, so he takes the coward's way out and kisses him.
"It's okay," Sam reassures him. "I said yes this time."
"Hi," Dean said. "Do you want to play with me?"
"Balthazar and Crowley."
Sam claps his shoulder. "I think Cas will see you and be astounded. Are you nervous at all?"
Gabriel is 24
Gabriel laughs and turns around, grabbing Sam and smothering him in goop. Then he lurches toward Balthazar unsteadily, smearing him with the concoction. Balthazar leaps away, swearing in his posh European accent. He grabs the oatmeal he's eating and tries to dump it on Gabriel, but misses and dumps it on Michael instead.
Cas stops in shock. "How did you do that?"
"Good."
He pushes open the door to the classroom and the memory of that day comes flooding in. He remembers seeing Alastair, hearing him threaten Balthazar. He feels the pain of the bullets, ripping through him, and tries to shake it off. It's in the past, but this, this is now and he can change things. He can put Alistair away so no one else can get hurt. He can do this.
"You can call me Castiel. I'm interning to be a doctor."
In a few short minutes he has the angel hex bags made and tosses one at Lucifer. "Here, keep this with you. We are going to go lock ourselves in Bobby's panic room and try to sleep for a little bit, because I am exhausted. Then we're going to try to sneak our way into Hell."
"You talk bravely, Sam Winchester. But on the inside, you're just like everyone else- brought low by fear." He smirks and disappears.
"Come on, Sam," Dean tells his brother.
"Possibly in far more explicit detail than you want," Balthazar snickers.
"Dad?" Mary came down the stairway and stares. "What are you doing with that gun?"
"Cas?" Dean gasps, arms flailing uncertainly for a moment.
Uriel is 26
"You're so good with him. I don't know what to do with him. He can't really carry on conversation, and his games are boring to me. I want to get to know him, but he's seven years younger than me. I think if I wait too long he won't have an interest in getting to know me, but I don't know how to connect with him."
Cas smirks and sits back to watch the show, wishing he had a bag of popcorn. This ought to be good.
U: 'Bye!'
"Like what, Mom?"
Mary purses her lips. "Your father is having a hard time with everything. He was there for the wedding, but he wasn't sure he wanted to come to the reception."
"Oh! Um...no thanks." Silence, broken only by Sam's slurping. Gabriel's back too soon but not soon enough, with a 'smoothie' that any sane person would refer to as a milkshake. At a quick glance it seems to have ice cream, chocolate sauce, whipped cream, caramel, peanut butter, butterscotch, and 10-15 maraschino cherries.
"WE are not starting anywhere," Lucifer says reflexively. "Sam and I are going to track down this monster and get our loved ones back."
"No."
"Hunting," Sam says the word with all the exhaustion he feels. He pulls back to look at the woman holding him. "I couldn't have!" At her skeptical look, he argues, "Don't give me that look! You were innocent, Jess! How would you have responded to knowing that there were monsters in this world, that everything in your worst nightmares is true? I thought I got out, thought I was safe and never going back!" His voice trails off. "That's why they killed you, you know. They needed me to return to it."
He doesn't get any further because Jared yanks him off the bed and into a hug. Misha can't wait his turn, so he crawls up his back, wraps his arms and legs around Jensen, and hugs him from behind. Then Lucifer's attention is diverted, because Dean lets out a groan.
Dean latches on tightly to Cas as they exit the plane, guiding him through the hubub. As soon as they're free of the mess he orders yet another Uber. After Cas pulls up Michael's address to his small apartment off campus, they're headed there.
Sam's face flushes hot with that thought. This weekend is going to severely test him. There is a part of him, the Omega part Sam tries to ignore (that gets louder when his heat is close, like right now) that's crooning 'Alpha, alpha' as it sees Lucifer, and his brain insists upon telling him how nice muscles like that would be to pin him down in heat. Sam definitely should not have come.
"Dean." Mary sounds very serious, so Dean falls quiet. "No. I did tell you that we are not having this conversation because you've done something wrong. We want to help you steer clear of our mistakes."
"No, Michael, I'm not leaving until I know where Sam is," Dean's arguing ardently when they arrive back at Elysian Fields. "He could be kidnapped, he could be dead,"
"Thank you. Me too," Cas answers.
"It was." Sam's voice comes out stronger, and he pushes himself to his feet. "I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about."
" No! No, no, it wasn't like that at all. We played poker and got in a fight. A huge fight, actually. I was throwing s**t and screaming at him, called him a narcissistic ba****d, and then I went to the kitchen and grabbed a f**king frying pan and whipped that at his head too. Poor Cas was doing everything possible to calm me down, but I was in a rage. He just let me scream myself out, and then he told me he was sorry for what he had done. He claims he had no idea what his minions we're doing to us, he just told them to 'get us to say yes.' They figured it was a great honor, but when we told 'em to stick it where the sun don't shine they realized they had seriously underestimated us so they started panicking. I guess that's why they did what they did. But he did apologize, and the fact of the matter is that I can understand why he did what he did, because we're so similar. And talking to Michael, I can understand why he wanted us to say yes. It really was meant to be an honor; humans having archangels inside of us. But we said no, we stopped the apocalypse, and now here we are."
"Oh, he was cute back in high school! Is he cuter now?"
"Shut it, Sammy."
"Are you going to pick something, or are you going to be difficult like your brother?"
Dean shrugs. "Okay, moving on. I can hire us Ubers to get to the airport and to Harvard."
Dean sighs. "Okay, new topic then. Any other ideas on your crazy visions?"
As far as clubs go, it's not a bad one. It's well-lit by the disco lights on the dance floor, and the people aren't too creepy-looking. Sam feels safe, even without Jess sitting at the table with him. "Go on!" he encourages.
He steers them straight into the dining room, calling, "Brother I have something of yours!"
"Touche," Sam answers. "I told you, we have to do this."
"That was why I intended to kill the Winchesters in combat. They clearly have you under a spell of witchcraft."
"I'm up," Gabriel reassures him, yanking himself away from Sam and snapping his fingers to create a huge cup of coffee. He drains it in one gulp, then tosses the cup over his shoulder. It vanishes with a snap before it hits the ground. "Alright, I'm ready. Let's go. Lead the way, brother."
Becky bursts into tears.
It had taken several more days, but they were able to get Sam off the vent. He immediately tried to talk, but Cas had been visiting and told him he wasn't allowed to talk until he had drank a cup of water. Sam did so obediently, though he was very slow about it and seems to lose track of what he's doing very easily. Finally though, he puts the cup of water down empty.
"Sure! History is full of that kind of stuff. Do some research when you get home and you'll see."
The elevator dings and Sam steps out first. He walks into someone. "Hey, sorry. I wasn't-" he looks up to see Michael. "Hi, Michael."
"Sam. Sam Winchester."
"Dean," John says, tone full of warning.
"What the h*ll, Sam? What the actual f**k? Son of a b***h, what in f**k's name were you doing?"
"NO!" Castiel withdraws immediately, hand going back into his mouth. "You can play with it, but it's mine. You hafta ask."
"It was my pleasure. Good luck, Cassie." Uriel squeezes his brother's hand and leaves the room, slipping quietly out of the house. The rest of his night will be spent at campus, though he can't begrudge his brother that, either. He hopes Dean has set his little brother's mind at ease.
"No, no, definitely not."
Lucifer blazes in, eyes glowing red and sword drawn. His whole body is incandescent, and Sam realizes why he was called 'the Morning Star.' "Wow, you're beautiful," he murmurs.
"Traditional. You would," Lucifer scoffs.
"But what's the fun in that, when I can revel in Lucifer being wrong now?" Michael argues again.
Sam strides over to the motel room door and lets himself out without a word. 'As if it's not enough to hear that three of my biggest enemies are coming back, I have to marry Lucifer?! And Gabriel. Sure, I've kinda made my peace with Gabriel with the whole Mystery Spot thing. And he did help us in the end when it mattered, even dying by Lucifer's hand...and that complicates matters too, because he probably doesn't want to marry the guy that killed him. So at least I hopefully have an ally in this stupid marriage thing that Chuck/God wants me to participate in. Unless he'll go the opposite direction and torment me too to try and teach me another lesson...' His thoughts continue in this vein for a while, and he stomps around angrily the whole time. When he eventually tires out he trudges back to the hotel room.
"Thanks," Sam whispers, a tentative smile playing across his lips. "We need to get out of here."
"Great, thanks. Hurry up, okay?"
"So he's been kidnapped?"
Michael nods, taking his fiance's hand and sitting as his feet. Dean speaks into the silence, "I don't expect you to wait here with me."
"You just found out you will literally be sprouting wings and that's your first concern?" Sam questions his brother.
Even seeing the demons that had been involved in many aspects of his life and hearing from Jess how much Lucifer learned about him had not prepared Sam for anything close to the true scope of Lucifer's knowledge of him. He hears from Azazel about his first tooth, first steps, first words. Then he gets older and the news changes to reflect it: first hunt, first kiss, first girlfriend, and apparently even the first time he had sex. Sam's cheeks burn with that one, and he can feel Lucifer's amusement.
"Well, I'll probably have to slow dance with you, and then Lucifer, and then the two of you together. So at least three."
"I can't help it! You were literally created for me, OF COURSE I LIKE YOU! Only you can't stand me, so what does it matter?"
"And twice as much trouble with your pranks," Lucifer adds.
"Not until you put pants on, he won't be," Lucifer answers smoothly.
Sam gasps in a breath, and instantly feels a bit calmer. "Sorry," he mumbles.
"Shut it, b***h. I'm a beautiful singer and you know it. Now come on, put your pants on and get ready to go!"
Sam freezes, mouth an inch from Lucifer's. Then he pulls away, grumbling under his breath as he moves out the door. "What?" he growls.
Crowley looks back to Balthazar. "Then that's okay for me too. I mean it, though. If you hurt her, you're going to deal with me."
Sam thinks about this as he eats. There's only one reason he can think of that Lucifer would be upset. He probably shouldn't say anything...
"Alright, I deserved that. Sorry. I'm freaking out a little bit here."
Cas curls into Dean without another word and falls asleep. He sleeps most of the flight, right up until the pilot is telling people to fasten their seatbelts for the descent into Boston.
"If you think Cas is bad with how he wants everything to be perfect, try doing it toward the end of the pregnancy while they're nesting," Lucifer mutters, "we couldn't possibly make her happy."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You didn't have to wipe our memories."
Sam pulls away, glancing at everyone suspiciously. "Balthazar and Crowley both said they weren't changing. I asked."
"Yeah it is."
"It'll be fine, babe," Dean soothes.
G: 'Did you get a new phone?'
Dean stares at Sam speculatively for a moment. "Dude, are you turning into a chick?"
"So Sam, what brings you into the ER?" Dr. Prescott quizzes.
As soon as Dick's out the door, Cas has the screen turned and the transducer in his hand, placing it frantically on his abdomen. There's silence as Cas tries frantically to make it work.
"You can't," Sam says firmly, and when Azazel is about to argue further he cuts him off by saying "In fact, as your future ruler, I forbid you from helping us."
Uriel stares at him, unamused. "Cas," he finally speaks when his poor brother has screamed himself hoarse, "you're being silly now. Mom and Mary understand you're an Omega going into heat. And Dean and you both know to use condoms to not get pregnant. You'll be fine. You're becoming an adult, sweetie. This should be really exciting."
"I have to, Cas. They're my family."
Lucifer frowns but says nothing about it.
Sam stares at him. "Your what?"
"Love you too. Bye."
"G'night, Sammy. See you tomorrow."
"Sam! Stop distracting my fiance! You're supposed to be putting the flowers overtop the trellis!"
"And Meg?"
"Sex," Balthazar states matter-of-factly. "That's all you need to know."
"Um, what?" He had been expecting to be yelled at, not asked questions such as this.
"Me too!" Dean agrees. "If they don't start improving soon I'm staging an intervention."
"He must like you a lot. I've never seen him take on any more than one student at a time," their teacher remarks.
"Lighten up, Lucifer. Like you wouldn't want Sam to do the same."
"Oh. Then why are we here?"
Sam is awakened by a loud rapping. He jumps awake, confused for a moment, but as he looks around everything comes back to him.
Sam whips around, expecting Lucifer. "Oh, it's you," he says when he sees Balthazar.
"No!"
"I feel the difference between regular fire and hellfire. They're subtle differences, but after eons in the Cage I know the difference. Hellfire can burn demons, which is most likely the reason you have it- to help us rule Hell."
Cas frowns. "Michael says we're not a'ppos'd to do that."
Gabriel is asleep on the couch when Sam whispers, "Cas?"
"Sorry, sweetheart," Gabriel apologizes, wrapping both arms around Sam's waist.
"But Dean, our parents will never let us do this," Cas points out logically.
"Michael and Castiel, Dean. There's power in threes, I thought I just explained that."
"How are they doing?" Cas whispers to Anna.
"You don't just say it like that!"
"I'm not talking about this with you!"
"That Brady was gunning for you? Can't tell you what I didn't know."
"Prying?" Phobos echoes, walking closer to Sam with a predatory gleam in his eye, like a lion stalking a gazelle. "You offered up your fears. You practically screamed them to the world. I only had to enact what you gave me to work with."
Sam drops his underwear. "You could marry Dean instead if I'm too much for you."
"Oh I know exactly where it is. It's out on a bunch of chains, hanging in the middle of Hell. So you explain to me, how am I supposed to get in there? Would you like to crawl our way across like a bunch of pirates boarding a ship?" Lucifer asks sarcastically. "Or would you rather ask Rowena to pull the Cage in, so we could just be magically in there?"
"And Dean?"
"When's the battle royale go down?" asks Lucifer.
"I'm thirteen, Michael." Michael wallops him with the pillow, then falls asleep to the sound of his brother's giggles.
Then they move on to presents. Kevin bought him a set of new brakes for the Impala, which Dean had been saying he needed to pick up next time they went to the store. Sam gifts him a new gun. Charlie has bought him a full set of armor for the next time they LARP. He raises his eyebrows at Cas' card and says, "Sounds mysterious," but doesn't appear upset the gift isn't wrapped like the others. Which is good, Cas doesn't know how he could wrap Dean's room.
Gabriel throws an arm around him, kissing his cheek with a loud 'mwah!' sound. "Fine, I'll pick on you instead." Cas shoves him off and snags the key to his apartment. It's a small place he shares with Kali, and it's perfect for the Omega Night Cas had suggested. The three Winchester-Novak Omegas get together once a month and have a night to themselves with no Alphas, to do whatever. Sometimes they watch movies together and eat snacks, sometimes they play board games, and they've even talked about their sex lives. This last variable was the reason Sammy had originally been banned from Omega Night, until he'd hit his first Heat at the tender age of 13.
"Shut up."
"Don't pick on him. It's not nice," Cas reprimands. "You wouldn't appreciate it if the roles were switched."
"You know. Half an hour ago you came in here babbling about a birthday party, tried to kiss me, then walked out to the car and asked someone to help you pull in a keg."
Which brought Dean to his next thought. If Cas had made this deal with the Empty in Heaven, then perhaps Dean could find the Empty from Heaven as well. And he's here now. 'I'm coming, Cas!'
Sam pulls a b***hface at him. "Behave. I'll be back in ten minutes." He darts away to their room on the second floor. Nine minutes later he is back, hair still damp, and yanking on a plaid shirt overtop a black tanktop. "Ready!"
"She's not the only one who says it! A lot of the Alpha boys say it too, and if Dean gets into one more fight he's going to get expelled because he won't listen to me and just let it go!"
"I know. They told me when I got to hell."
"Shut it, b***h."
Cas tries hard to pretend he's not overjoyed by Sam's confession. He keeps his face carefully blank.
Ben glances up and mouths 'thank you.' Sam nods, twisting so only Ben can see the thumbs up he's giving. Ben laughs then drags Claire off. Sam drags Dean off toward the elevator, Dean still muttering angrily under his breath.
Gabriel chuckles and reaches for his own, crawling into bed behind Lucifer as he crunches into his ice cream.
Chuck comes running over, scaling the face and spewing apologies to Dean's daddy, who he calls John. Then he asks to see Gabriel's wound, and he slumps to the ground asleep immediately after it's shown. John takes control after that. He takes Daddy back to their house, puts Balthazar in the car holding Gabriel, who's still crying, and takes Lucifer too after he throws a fit. "Mary!" Dean's daddy yells. "Oh, don't cry, buddy," he tells Castiel. "Everything's going to be fine."
"Huh." Sam says, going into the other room and settling gingerly on the bedspread. Lucifer follows him absentmindedly. "Did we have sex?"
"You were there!"
"I have to," Dean practically whispers. In a more normal voice he says, "I'm marrying this man soon. I have to believe he's changed or I'll go nuts."
"No Dean, not that kind of transition. He's not changing from male to female, he's changing from human to, well, I'm not sure what, exactly. Something more."
"I'm serious too. I have an idea how to defeat him, not kill him, but to defeat him, which will have to be enough." Sam finally pulls his eyes from his fiance and Cas for a moment to inquire, "Where is everybody else?"
"What the h*ll?" Not-Sam says wondrously as he stares at Sam.
"No."
"Jess said-" Sam begins, reaching for his fiance. The second he makes contact, he lets out a delighted exclamation of "Cold!" He rips Lucifer's shirt off, pressing into him and wrapping his arms around him. "So cold," he mutters contentedly, pressing his lips into Lucifer's clavicle.
"Because he Googled it?"
Dean can feel tears streaming down his face as Gabriel begins his cry. He can't control it, and there's no way to stop it. "What is that?" he asks, scrubbing at his eyes. He can't cry in front of his enemies.
"I love you," Sam repeats. He moves in to kiss Lucifer, but the devil shoves him back.
"Come with me to look for him. I'll bet we can find him together," Gabriel offers.
Gabriel snaps his fingers and the stairs turn into a giant slide, sending Sam back to their feet. "Caught you," he announces as he throws his arms around Sam and picks him up.
"I'm thinking about going to Harvard. And by thinking I mean that's definitely what I want."
"Sam?" Ben questions from behind him, "You're on fire."
"Alright."
Another contractions wracks through Cas' body, and he hisses through his teeth.
"We're not giving you Cas," Dean announces.
"I apologize. I wasn't aware I needed to obey the 'ladies first' rule for lady demons too."
"Stay out of my head, Gabriel," Sam huffs, affronted.
"They were banished," Sam answers Michael, talking over Lucifer to do so. He gestures to the banishing symbol on the wall, and Michael growls as he stares at it.
Sam gives Dean and Cas a look of confusion. "Guys, what are you talking about?"
Cas hears him run out and say something excitedly to Dean before the front door opens and closes again. Dean walks into the kitchen, bouncing Jack, who's been lulled to sleep. "Sam said he remembered being at Stanford?"
"When exactly were you planning to bring this up?"
"I do?" Cas hedges, glancing at Michael. When Michael gives a barely perceptible nod, Cas clears his throat and says louder, "I do."
"You might not be happy," Lucifer cautions before confessing, "It's Sam."
"No freaking way! Lucifer didn't tell us you were coming!" Then he pauses to think that over and adds, "At least he didn't tell me. Lily? Did we know Castiel and Dean were coming into town?"
The angel pats Sam's back, clinging strongly for a moment before he releases Sam again. "I have been worried about the two of you as well. I worried that Dean wouldn't do well, and that the two of you would show up here next, captured." He looks around and smiles a bit at Lucifer before asking "Where's Dean?"
"I'm not going to not tell them. They should know, for safety reasons if nothing else."
Cas nods. "It honestly hasn't been all that much different. We already spent so much time together, marriage is just an extension of that for us." They sit in silence until the hot chocolate is done. Cas turns the stove off and ladles Sam a mug before he runs one out to Dean. Then he returns and takes a seat next to Sam.
"We've met. I'm not impressed with either."
Lucifer looks at him in horrified silence. Sure, this is what he's brought Sam here for but... He takes a deep breath for fortification and answers, "You are."
"Oh. Would you like to see the corner of Heaven I claimed for us? The lake isn't finished yet, but otherwise it's finished."
"Dean, can I see you a minute?" Sam asks.
"Yeah. It's reasons like this that had me convinced that the Apocalypse was a good idea. The humans of today made the world look so much worse. I mean, look at it! That's what it was supposed to be! My Father's creation, and they just trashed it."
He can tell instantly when Phobos is back in control. The hand holding him turns heavy, fingers digging into his skin. There's another punch landed to his face, and Sam falls yet again. A foot comes back and stomps on his leg, and Sam feels the bone break. Lucifer is totally going to have to heal him after this.
"I am looking for a banner for my best friend's birthday."
Bobby sighs. "The way I understand it- and either of you jump in if I'm tellin' him wrong- both are somewhat true. You can see the hellhounds because you need to be able to see them. However, if you weren't accepting your role in this marriage scheme of God's, you wouldn't be able to." Sam's brow crinkles in confusion, so Bobby keeps explaining. "Think of it as a fail-safe. No one had any way of knowing how you would react to this whole marriage news. Just because it's something that should be done doesn't mean it's something that you will do, as anybody who knows you can testify to. So there would be no point in making you over to be a ruler of Hell if you refused to be a ruler of Hell. But since you're accepting Lucifer and Gabriel, your body is preparing you to take on that role."
"Do you know what took me?"
The entire bar goes dead silent and judgmental eyes swivel to them as Michael screams the last sentence. Lucifer cringes internally. "Please be rational, Michael."
Sam smiles at that, he can't help it. The image of tiny Jess fighting him...then he groans, because she was successful in distracting him and he knows it. "Why did you go? Why did they take you?"
"Because somebody has to. This world is broken but someone needs to care enough to save it. And if the only people that care enough are Dean and I...then we need to make the sacrifices other people won't."
"Um, holding hands, Dean," sasses Claire.
"Stop what?"
"We can't not go," Dean argues.
"Not like I had many people to flirt with, in my Cage. So it's flattering to know I'm doing it right."
"So I would know them! Is it Uriel?"
Cas grins a wicked grin and continues onward. He doesn't limit himself to just the skin revealed as he unbuttons the shirt either, with his mouth moving all over his chest. It's probably just the fact that it's Cas, but Dean has absolutely never felt like this from a little bit of kissing.
"Well, that didn't work out the way you planned. Seeing him change from you to him was terrible- gave me nightmares for a long time."
"Michael?"
"Dean, are you bothering Lucifer?" Michael asks as he pops in, Cas right behind him.
"I didn't find him," Gabriel reports. "He's not with his parents or his brother. Dean said he gave him the keys this morning when he asked, but he got the keys back. That was at three this morning. No one has seen him since. I found a copy of this morning's paper under the stairwell. Problem is, there's nothing supernatural going on, and I had Bobby Singer check too."
"Yeah, he did. Years ago, before he realized nobody cares if he liked men instead of women. It's not like that for him now."
"I do," Balthazar and Lucifer call in sync.
"I wonder why?" Sam sasses.
"Sam, there's nothing there for me any more."
"What is your name?" the doctor barks.
Balthazar runs up the steps to the Winchester's house, laying on the doorbell with one finger while pounding on the door with his other hand.
As he enters he keeps the knife up just in case anyone is about to attack him, but the kitchen is empty. He checks the freezer first, remembering the horrified guests who were locked in there to be eaten the last time he and Dean stayed here. The freezer is empty. Sam doesn't trust it, poking around at each dish until he is satisfied that the food is just food, nothing monstrous or human about it.
"I trust Sam!"
Sam tilts his head up and Lucifer tucks his hair behind his ears. "I'm remembering the time you told me I was your Omega. Do you remember it?"
"No, I killed it," Sam tells his brother. "I took its rib and drove it into its heart."
"You did what? You shouldn't be doing that with your body still healing!" Dean yells.
Cas sees no reason to lie. "I said your attitude is unruly."
"Lucifer?"
"No!" Dean yells. At Sam's look, he says, "Sorry, didn't mean to yell. Sam and I have to talk with Bobby about possible jobs. C'mon, Sam," Dean says, and hauls Sam down the hall.
When they finally get themselves back under control, Lucifer whispers, "I'm okay if you want to go to Cambridge. Really." Balthazar wraps his arms around him, holding him tightly. "But if you don't come back with a British accent, I refuse to call you my twin any longer."
Dean huffs in exasperation. "Scoot over. And if you kick me in the middle of the night, be prepared to greet your husbands tomorrow with just one leg."
"We don't know. You were on campus at the college, and the gunman broke into the class you were in and shot you. You were the only person shot. The students tell us you helped protect them."
Dean doesn't answer him for too long. Finally, he says, "You can't know that. But I can. He's been through so much, it would be stupid if it would be a fever that ultimately kills him." He goes silent again, watchful eyes trained on the bed. Sam's body jerks and shudders as shivers rack through him again before he goes still. The family keeps watching, each of them rooting for Sam to make it through.
"Angels respect strength," Dean answers. "In order to rule Heaven, I'm going to fight Michael tomorrow. And several other angels. Cas will fight first, then I will. It's theoretically a fight to the death, but obviously we're not going to go that far."
"I'm an archangel, Sam. I'm fine. I'm healed already, see?" He allows Sam to turn his arm this way and that, staring at the unblemished skin. Sam reaches tentative fingers to where the marks had been, pressing lightly and watching his face carefully to see if he winces. He doesn't, so Sam releases him again.
Sam gestures to the demons. "After you three."
"You said we're going to bed. I don't have a bed in my room because I don't sleep. So I crawled in with you."
"Your boy's a monster, John, and killing monsters is what I do for a living."
Gabriel approaches the bed, grinning predatory as he crawls down to Lucifer's level. They lock lips and Lucifer growls as he pulls his brother into a deep soul-searching kiss. Sam is sandwiched between them, and based on the way Gabriel pulls away with a laugh and a quick kiss to Sam's nose, still has his eyes screwed shut. "You're adorable when you're embarrassed, Sammy."
Lucifer thinks long and hard about this one, before finally shrugging. "I don't know. He's just a baby."
"I perform cardiac surgeries, along with many other things. And I want you. Do you want me?"
"Fine."
"Don't be daft. of course you're going to his Cage. This thing is targeting you, and where is the place you would want to go the least? Lucifer's Cage. Plus, Lucifer is with you, and where is the place he would also want to go the least? His Cage. Ergo, the two of you are going to- drumroll please- Lucifer's Cage!"
"Mom suggested I should call you," confesses Sam.
Cas' arms come up to wrap around him. There's a strange, confused expression on Cas' face, his head tilted like a confused puppy dog, but he holds Dean until the tears run out.
"No! No I'm not going to tell you that. You know why? Because it's not my feelings. Your feelings are valid because they're coming from you. And I can understand why you feel that way."
Adam nods, turning back to Sam. "Speaking of which, I heard you agreed to marry Lucifer. What on Earth is wrong with you? Did you not get tortured enough in the Cage, you need to sign up for it for the rest of your natural born life? And why are you marrying Gabriel? Isn't that the jerk that you told me killed Dean 103 times?"
Lucifer throws his arm around him with a kiss to his head."It's going well. We had a meeting between the client and her Alpha today. It should be an easy case, with the way he talks. All about Omegas being lesser- all I need to do is get him to admit to breaking her arm in front of the judge and it should be an open and shut issue. Are you free on the twenty-sixth?"
"You know what they say, the early bird gets the worm!"
Cas bites his tongue hard enough that it hurts before he answers, "It means that the person on the operating table's heart has stopped."
"Yes. It's perfect after that."
"You called us about a meeting," Ruby reminds him.
"I want to understand why. If you're going to stab me in the back I'd rather know now."
"Yeah. Now come on, class is starting. Next break you're looking over my worksheet for me."
"Hey," Sam gasps back, thinking it insanely unfair Lucifer can talk like normal while Sam's still trying to encourage his lungs to work.
"Luce, you asked too many questions at once," Uriel answers in an easy-going manner. "I just figured you liked the sound of your own voice now that you've become a hotshot lawyer."
The woman's honey-brown eyes go wide, but she helpfully labels the banner as Cas dictated. Once it's done, he pays for the balloon, ignoring the series of numbers the woman scrawled on a receipt. It's probably just a discount code, anyway. Then he goes to find Sam and Kevin in the grocery store.
"What do you mean?"
"What's the shimmering thing around the fighting circle?" Sam questions Gabriel, his keen eyes picking up on a slight shimmer between them and Dean.
"Very good, Sam, very good. What gave me away?"
"Don't call me that! You know I hate that nickname!"
"So Sam, how do you like the smoothie?"
Every day they tried to take Sam off the ventilator. He didn't pass the test for two weeks. Six days ago, they had tried and failed. Every day since then was more of the same.
After a couple minutes, Dean is back. "Heya, handsome."
"So, where do you think Gabriel met his mate?"
"Bring me your manager," Michael cuts in, "now."
"Moose, just the man I was hoping to see!" Crowley exclaims as he thumps down the stairs. "Lucifer is looking for you, by the way. Anyway, now that I've played Hermes, it's time to learn to be a demon."
"Seven."
Without giving anyone a chance to argue, he puts his hand on Ben's shoulder and drags him away to Baldur for a hotel room. In minutes Ben is settled into a room on the second floor near the Winchesters. Claire ends up in a room across from him, and Benny gets a room on the first floor.
"Sam?" Gabriel asks. Sam's eyes snap to Gabriel's whiskey-colored ones. "Can you let go of my wrist? You're grinding the bones together."
"Thank my Father. I made something else, too, for you. Well, for all of us, but I'll show you yours first." Connected to the library is a bedroom. This bedroom is more decently sized, clearly meant for just one person. It's decorated in navy blues. There is a bathroom connected to it as well, with a shower that is normal-sized as well.
"Sam, are you alright?"
Sam shrugs. "I did," he agrees lowly. "Although I have to be honest, I'm really only back because Cas told me to."
After a bit more pleading, Jess finally leaves him at the table. Sam sits back and watches her dance, a fond smile playing across his lips.
"Why do you have that gun? Dad! You're not going to shoot your grandchildren?"
"You could bring it all if you wanted."
"Hello, Dean," Cas responds.
Michael snorts.
"Well then, I'd be dead." Sam fails to see the point he can tell Lucifer is trying to make.
As Michael was being so stubborn, Sam got to stand by and watch as life slowly faded from Dean. It wasn't that his brother wasn't laughing, or smiling, or that the light was missing from Dean's eyes- those were all things Sam had seen before, mainly if Cas was gone from their lives for a bit or dead, but this time it was that Dean just didn't want to function. He stopped eating, and didn't drink alcohol. He stopped saying things loudly, and then he gave up on saying anything at all. Sometimes he didn't get out of bed, and if he did it was only because Sam visited and physically pulled him up. He was just...ceasing to exist, and it worried Sam more than anything else. He had seen Dean a lot of different ways, but he had never seen anything like this.
"Yes, but that would- oh, Father d**n it! That's brilliant! You said Gabriel told you the thing would prey on our worst fears, didn't you, Sam? Because if I gave Dean the grace to deal with this, I'll be completely human. It's not ideal, to look for this creature as a human-and coincidentally, it's also one of my worst fears, that I would become human. I spent eons in my cage wondering if I would eventually run out of grace and be forced to live as a human."
"Shut up," Sam chastises, but it lacks all heat. He paces away from Lucifer, staring around the Cage for a moment. Then he yells, "Oh my God, Gabriel!" and takes off, Lucifer directly on his heels.
Sam bites his lip so hard it hurts. 'This is their play? They are going to try to force us to give up Lucifer and Cas?' He and Dean share a look and step back outside the hotel. It's not very difficult to find out who issued this proclamation, Raphael stands before the hotel with his arms spread. Several other angels are spread out behind him, eyes sharp as they wait to see if they should attack the Winchester brothers. One of them, to the right of Raphael, holds a sharp blade to Mary's throat. The angel to the left has John in the same position.
Lucifer scoffs and walks away, slamming the hotel room door behind him.
"I do," Dean cuts in to say.
Sam steps forward, pressing his hand against Lucifer's chest. "Calm," he whispers, "steady. Calm down, Lucifer."
*Later that night*
"You're Sam Winchester?"
"We have to keep going," Kevin speaks as Lucifer. "We have to find them."
"I'm hoping you two will be able to rebuild your relationship."
"When does he get back again?"
Cas follows directions when he gets home, setting up Dean's room as instructed. The boy at the store told him to get a card to give in front of everyone, with a note that the real gift will come later. And he's supposed to leave everything- including the car lubricant- in Dean's room. Seems like a strange place to him, but he does as instructed.
"But come on, not all Alphas act like that. You and Michael don't, Dean doesn't... do you think there were Alphas that would give Omegas rights before, even when it was illegal?"
"It's Sam, Gabriel. I haven't gone by Sammy for a while now."
Lucifer and Balthazar are 27
"I wanted to apologize for all I've done, to both you and Sam."
"He's a young Omega going off with his school. We know that school hardly watches him now, I don't trust them to keep him safe in a hotel, especially when he will hit his heat near Columbus Day."
Sam sits upright. "I don't think it's going to help. I can't sleep."
"Aren't you supposed to be getting Crowley and Rowena for me?" Sam asks redundantly.
Sam summons his hellfire, letting it twist about his fingers. It may be unfair, like bringing a gun to a knife fight, but he's not in the mood to deal with Dean's superiority complex right now. Then he pulls Ruby's knife from his jeans.
"No, I only kissed the back of his hand."
Bal has Lucifer's arms wrenched behind his back. "Grab his legs Sam!" he bellows gleefully.
"Oh my God Cas, did not need to know that!"
Sam just shrugs, blas. "Wasn't him."
"About this wedding thing." He settles in on the ground, crossing his long legs and resting his hands on his chin.
'That's why you wanted to know where I was.'
"Lucifer." His gaze snaps to the judge. "Are you alright?"
"Who. Else?" Dean bites through gritted teeth.
"If it matters to you then it matters to me, stupid or not."
"Anyone dumb enough to make a crossroads deal with a demon," Crowley chimes in.
"Thanks," Sam mutters.
Michael's growl echoes through the dining room, and Sam looks up to see his brother's arm on Jo's, both of them laughing. Dean looks up, along with everyone else in the dining room. Sam cringes.
"In room 214."
"No sweetie, you're not. That's only true of unpresented children. You're going into heat."
"I don't know!" Gabriel answers frantically.
"So did both of you. And my dad. And my brother. He can just join the club."
"Sam."
"Nope, couldn't do it," Gabriel decides, "feels too weird. Like a little alien kicking me."
Cas is biting his nails in the office. "Cas," Dean finally says, once Cas has bit off exactly half of his nails. "You nervous?"
Lucifer stares at them both like they have taken leave of their senses.
Sam takes off running again, unsure of what to do at this point. He has no weapon, nothing to fight back with. It's just him and whatever plan he can concoct this time.
"If it's on the corner, why didn't you go get him?"
The room next door has been propped open. 'A case?' There's no sign of anything supernatural or otherworldly in that room, but there is a gun under the pillow which Sam takes and tucks into the waistband of his pants. He had been unarmed, and that's not safe, especially since he doesn't know where he is.
Balthazar hooks his thumbs onto his boxers. "I'll be completely naked in a minute."
Lucifer grits his teeth and throws his hand into the fire. He hears Sam gasp and the fire extinguishes, but that one touch has told him what he wanted to know. "It's hellfire," he announces.
"He wasn't?"
Sam sits down, flopping down on the edge of the bed. He tilts his head, hearing the faint sound of singing coming from the bathroom. His eyebrows crawl up his forehead. "That's Dean."
Dean blushes and scrubs his cheek like a child as soon as Michael's back is turned. He leaves to discuss 'added security measures'. Dean goes back to flipping through the book, sitting next to Cas with their legs tangled this time.
"Well would you look at that? Little Sammy is all grown up now, and killing hellhounds with his bare hands!"
"No, but it'll be funny. 'I'm your biggest fan, I'll follow you until you love me'" he sings.
"But you will with the demons. So I'm warning you right now, don't you dare. In fact, that goes for all of you. No fighting!"
Sam's wince is all the answer Michael needs. "I see. I will remind you that with guests arriving it is imperative the three of you present a united front. Come along." He shuffles them back in the elevator, taking them back down to the lobby. Sam is trying to figure out how he can escape, but Michael has latched onto his arm and it feels like Sam won't be getting free without dislocating his shoulder.
"Ladies and gentleman, it is my honor to introduce you to- for the very first time- Mr. Dean and Castiel Winchester!"
"Inside voice, Sammy," Dean reprimands. He tells Michael, "I don't think we're going to get him in this tub without a huge fight, and fighting with him will only jack his temperature up."
"Sam, you have been through a very traumatic event that many people have never had to experience. And then, on top of that, you developed amnesia. That's a good reason to be upset. I'm not saying you should be that way all the time, and maybe you need to go talk to someone about that. I don't know. But for the moment, if you need someone to talk to, please talk to me. I'm willing to listen."
"I'll let you be the judge of that. If you pull your shirt up for me, Mr. Winchester, we'll get started."
Gabriel reaches over, rucking up Sam's shirt and stealing Ruby's knife in one swift move. "You little rebel. I knew you were perfect for me, but this is too much."
"I didn't think you would agree to go back to sleep," Lucifer demures. "I was going to volunteer to stay up with you and teach you to dance the salsa for our wedding."
He doesn't realize Lucifer's staring at him until he walks into him. "In my defense, it was your brother's fault," Sam tells him. "Michael told me he wouldn't fly."
"Okay guys, that's enough! No more chick flick moments!" Dean yells a second later.
"No, sorry. I'm just wounded enough you'll have to doctor me and put up with my whining."
"What would you like it to say?"
Sam follows directions. He sprints into the line of fire, planting himself in front of Adam, grabbing Michael's wrist as his eyes flame out. Just when Sam is certain he's going to be blind the rest of his life, Michael dials back his angel power. It's obviously taking great restraint on his part, but he does it just the same.
Sam looks between them both for a moment before a mischievous smirk crosses his face. "Catch me if you can," he taunts and he darts off, taking the stairs four at a time with his long legs. He pulls his shirt off mid-jump and throws it in Lucifer's face.
"Are you staying?"
"Even back then?"
"You couldn't kill me, Bal. You'd miss me too much."
"No he's not!" Lucifer protests, jumping up from the table to grab Cas. Holding his brother's hand, he quickly squeezes it before saying "The whole table watched her do it."
"Quiet, woman. I'm working." Cas says, attention reabsorbed.
Sam couldn't tell how long the kiss goes on for. It feels like an eternity, but is probably only seconds before Lucifer disconnects their lips and smiles at him. "Hey there."
"Aren't you nervous? It's our first time seeing our baby!"
Their house is a two-story Cape Cod style. The exterior is painted white. It's fairly large, much bigger than Sam had thought it would be. "Oh!" The startled exclamation punches from him unconsciously as he stares at the house in wonder.
"Lucky for you, we are the Winchesters. And we said no."
Cas nods seriously and goes back to playing. Lucifer reaches forward and snags the block Cas had offered him, twisting it in his anxious fingers so he doesn't have to look his twin in the eye. "Then how come he didn't tell me sooner?"
"It's not real."
"He woke up like this," Lucifer informs everyone.
"What the f**k?" Jensen questions.
When he looks up again, he's not sure how much time has passed, but it's only him and Dean in the kitchen now.
The tow-headed boy jumps up immediately. "Hi, Cas! I was playing with my legos! Come build with me!" Cas does as instructed, shoving his fingers into his mouth. Michael says not to do that, but Michael's not here. No one's here, and Cas hopes that Mommy will come home soon. Dean's mommy is nice but she's not his mommy.
Gabriel hands it back without argument, still laughing. "Perfect," he repeats. "Come back inside, little rebel."
"Hm?"
The boy hasn't said a word, tucked into Lucifer's arms, no longer crying, but staring at Balthazar. He glares once his mother puts the attention on him. "You treat my Mommy right, or I will hurt you."
"It's Sam, Michael. If you're going to be my brother-in-law, you should call me by the right name," he jokes.
"We should all go back to bed," Michael says.
"Where's Dad?" Dean asks.
"He's accepting us without reservation, for one," Lucifer says. "Also, never trust Father. He always has something up his sleeve."
Cas frowns and stubbornly shakes his head no even as his eyes grow lidded and he yawns again.
"Thank you," Rowena says. "I'm sorry, I hope I'm not interrupting anything."
"Proving Tumblr right."
"He'll be fine once he has his mate to help him get through his first heat."
"Soon. I wanted to see you off first."
"Michael, he's literally on fire, I think you can wait just a second," snaps Lucifer.
Lucifer continues going the opposite direction, until he realizes Sam is probably already on the bus. He goes out to the car instead.
He looks up to see Dean wipe a tear from his cheek. "We thought maybe you felt unloved," Dean mumbles. "We were just trying to help."
Sam crosses his arms over his chest, supremely unimpressed. "You really think you'll win this fight?"
"When have I ever attempted to manipulate you?" Cas asks calmly.
Cas stares in shock at the woman behind him. "Now please, quit fighting. It's my turn and I like all the attention to be on me and me only because I'm a narcissistic moron. My name is Megan Masters. I'm obviously an Alpha, and I became a med student because I want to rule the world, and becoming a doctor is a good way to do it. Next."
I sincerely apologize to everyone who is waiting such a long time for this chapter, it really gave me some trouble.
"He's a child, Rowena. And I'm leaving. How would that be fair? I mean, if it takes four years to get a degree, I'll be back when I'm twenty-five. He'll be fifteen. He won't even be allowed to drive by the time I graduate. I just don't think that's fair, to put those expectations on him."
"I imagine it was very hard for them to make a decision." At this point, they're at Lucifer's house, and Sam passes Crowley off. "Did you want to come in?" Lucifer questions, grabbing his key out of his pocket and unlocking the door deftly with one hand.
Balthazar grins, jumping up and wiggling his fingers enticingly. "C'mon, Sam. Let's dance."
"See, it's not just me who says that," Lucifer mutters, grabbing a cup of coffee. Michael pokes his tongue out at him childishly.
"A little. I mean, I'm sure of him- I've known he was the only Omega for me since I was three. But marriage is a big step."
(See the end of the chapter for
Lucifer looks up, eyes going comically wide. "Your souls look identical. I've never seen that before," he breathes.
"Sorry."
A tiny smile plays across Gabriel's face, and he and Lucifer both sit back down. "He's very good at that."
"Phobos," croaks Sam.
"So you guys are the Winchesters. And that's Castiel, the actual Angel of the Lord," Jared says. "And that's not my wife, that's a demon," he continues, pointing to Ruby, who turns her eyes black for a second. He skitters back a few feet.
"It will, but that's okay, Lucifer. The most important thing is that you try not to let it happen again, and that you be the best Alpha, and the best man, that you can be. Look out for Omegas. Protect them when they're unable to protect themselves, not because they're weaker but because you're capable. And learn to be a team. Find an Omega's strengths, and if they can't see them, call them out in them. An Omega who can't see their strengths is one that is more likely to be abused. What are Gabriel's strengths?"
Thus saying, he and Crowley are both pinned to the trees. "You're quite right. It's not that easy," Azazel remarks, stepping out from the trees with Lilith.
He turns, ready to leave, and nearly smacks into Gabriel. "Stop that," he protests.
Gabriel smirks. "You never denied it," he points out, and he leaves the room whistling.
"So, what you actually mean is that you don't have a plan to get in."
Michael is 29
"I'm sorry."
He stares down the hellhound's skeletal body and has an insane idea. 'If I break off a piece of its rib, I wonder if that's sharp enough to pierce his heart?' The hellhound lashes out with sharp claws, ripping the tender skin of Sam's abdomen into bloody ribbons, but he doesn't feel it. He reaches out, dragging the hellhound closer to him through sheer force of will, and wraps his hand around the ribs. He forces the ribs to stretch, pushes all of his strength into separating the ribcage farther. There is a loud crack, and Sam laughs as the rib cracks off into his hand. Without a moment to spare, he thrusts the piece of broken rib into the hellhound's heart.
Crowley rolls his eyes. "Does everything have to be so literal with you?"
"Don't let them push you around."
"Finally," a breath whispers in Sam's ear. "I've been waiting all night for you to be alone." Hands caress his shoulders, and Sam slaps them off immediately, standing.
"What am I forgetting?" Sam asks, glancing between the two men. Whatever it is, Azazel isn't pleased Crowley is pointing it out.
His brother's legs give out on him then, and Cas tries to catch him but he's knocked to the ground too. Michael pulls them both up, and Cas helps them to a seat. He ignores the pee that his brother just knocked out of him for the moment, at least until he gets Lucifer settled and has Michael watching to be sure he's not going to pass out. Then he grabs an extra set of surgery scrub pants and changes into them, before mopping up the floor. Since his triaging is done and everyone seems determined to treat him like an invalid, he begins taking vital signs.
"I'm so sorry you feel that way."
"He was going to kill you."
"I cannot just tell him I think his knot will be too big for me."
"No you don't," Sam counters. "You love Cas, dude. And from watching you these past few days, I would also say you're in love with Michael. What happened with that, by the way? You played poker once and suddenly you've forgiven him for everything?"
Lucifer sighs in disappointment and forks out his wallet, passing money over to Gabriel. Michael does the same, then Balthazar, and even Sam.
Lucifer chuckles within Sam's mind humorlessly. 'Leave my father out of this.'
"I heard you Winchesters were uncivilized cretins," the demon snarls as Azazel attacks him.
"And roses," Gabriel writes. "Groomsmen? Castiel, Michael, and Dean. Catering: luau, Cake: definitely, Decorative pieces for the tables: fish, Other decorations: torches, Sam's naked body-"
"Becky, what is it?" Chuck questions.
"What's capture the flag?"
"I told you to run," Adam says.
"Sam!" Ben's outside the door, and pounding frantically. Sam collapses against the door, trying to find the breath to lie and reassure him he's alright.
"The archangel looking like he's swallowed a lemon next to Cas."
"This is the entire temple. I dug up under the entire thing, and yet there's nothing here. No sign of Gabriel, no sign of a Greek god, no sign of- of anything!"
Lucifer snarls low in his throat. "I don't like this."
"If you've been writing our address wrong on each letter you send- twice a week for a year- then I'm sorry dearest brother but you are a complete imbecile and perhaps should be stopped from becoming a lawyer," Michael states with mocking assurance.
Cas' eyebrows furrow. "Are you comparing loving my brother to a virus?" He keeps his tone even, allowing none of the hurt he's feeling into his voice. This has nothing to do with his feelings, and everything to do with Sam's.
"I'm sorry." He turns and runs out of the apartment before he can make a mistake.
Sam should do the responsible thing. He should return to the hotel, find his fiances, and discuss the definition of true evil with Michael. Barring that, he could be trying to find ways to keep his father out of Hell, or even planning his wedding. There are a lot of things he should be doing. He does none of them. Instead, he follows Dean's suggestion and crawls into the backseat, curling up into a ball. It's not comfortable, even less than when he was a child sleeping sitting up, tilted onto Dean's shoulder. But he's too tired and he drifts off without further problems.
"Back to where? Michael, we're not going to his Cage, we're just going to see how Hell is doing before we renew the search for our family."
"You'll hate me."
"That's not a good enough answer, Dean. Why are you so possessive? I'm not yours. Well, I am, but it's secondary to being my own person."
"Whatever you say, Sammy."
Gabriel laughs. "I expect to be invited to your wedding, kiddo."
"Maybe he forgot," he garbles around a mouth full of toothpaste.
"No, Jess. That's not what it means, that's not what he wants...just, no."
"So will you end up here too, do you think?" Azazel asks.
Their dining room table, the next stop, looks big enough to host most of the demons that are currently lodging in the Elysian Fields with them. It might be slightly over-the-top. It's made of oak and fairly sturdy. Gabriel throws most of his body weight on it with a smirk. "This will work great."
"My friend Jess turned eighteen today. She wanted to come to a club, and the guy that just left is the owner and knows her somehow. He invited us to come here."
"You're what?!"
"Gabriel, stop picking on the youngest in our group."
"What do you mean?"
He starts bumping the temperature up on the air conditioner closest to the front door, until it's up at 74, right where he likes it. As he goes around increasing the temperature on all the air conditioners, he realizes that the cookies-n'-cream ice cream he bought as a study snack is gone. He only bought it last night. "Cassie, if you ate my ice cream I'm going to freakin' kill you!" he calls.
"Dean," Sam realizes, tapping his pencil across his notebook. "Because stupidity shouldn't be enough to get you in Hell."
"Sam, I'm just saying that you shouldn't have to marry me if you don't want to."
"-but then I figured, you and Michael are Omega Rights lawyers, so... I figured maybe I'd follow in your footsteps. Plus, it'll be fun to beat Alphas and stand up for fellow Omegas at the same time," finishes Sam with a charming grin.
"Kind of, yeah. So get this. You put the information about Hell out there. You explain how to make a demon deal. You talk it up like it's a great thing- we can do anything you want, and you'll keep it for ten years, for the measly price of your soul. Your brother died? We'll fix it. He'll live, and you- you'll get ten years of happiness with him. Afterward, we get your soul. But that way everyone knows what they're getting into. People will still be interested. Then we add on a catch. If you are interested in getting your Hellbound friend/family/whoever they are back, you can try to go to Hell and rescue them yourself. But if we catch you, we keep you too."
"Fine, fine, but I heard you're getting married!"
"Yes, of course. As well as we can be. We want to find Gabriel, Cas, and the others as soon as possible. But we know where to start looking, so that'll help."
"How's he doing this? Is he going to be okay?" Dean yells.
"Forget it, kiddo. No Novak pays here."
"I see a difference," Dean says smugly.
"Dean we're here!" Sam yells. Dean must hear him, because in a few minutes he's there in Sam's dream too. "Did you make it, Sammy?"
"What I don't understand is, what is possibly strong enough to do that? What can possess an archangel? Like, what the h**l?" Dean demands, pacing in the hotel room he shares with Cas and Michael. They had reconvened here after the possession of Michael and Sam. It's only him, Michael, Cas, Gabriel, Lucifer, and an unconscious Sam in the room right now. John has Mary somewhere else as she recovers.
"He's important to you, and to my brother. What more do I need to care about his well-being?"
"I said it's fine, Dean."
Sam laughs at that. "I would certainly hope so." He snuggles back into Lucifer's side and begins homework.
"Oh. Did you two decide to go have angry hate sex there?"
"Oh ha ha. I'll see you both in an hour."
Lucifer kisses her hand too. "Dean looks a lot like you," Lucifer observes. "Sam too, but in a more subtle manner.
"Sammy? Michael? Sammy? Sammy?"
Afterward Michael takes them out for dinner and a movie. By then it's quite late, so they get back to the apartment and get ready for bed right away. Dean is relegated to the living room futon, while the brothers share the queen-size bed.
"Me," croaks a quiet voice behind them.
Chuck holds up his hand and Lucifer stutters to a stop.
Sam goes over to Balthazar's desk, searching frantically for a spare USB. He needs to save this video and get it copied so if the video gets deleted, they'll still have the truth. After a bit of hunting through the desk, he finds an entire drawer full. So he carefully removes five, and begins the time-consuming process of copying over the video. Then he starts running back to the courtroom.
"Sam, pick two."
"Thank you."
Lucifer's eyes widen comically. "Like me? Are you sure?" Sam nods fiercely. Lucifer pushes the toddler up onto his shoulders. "Now you're big like me." Sam claps his hands happily, then shrieks as Lucifer tears off down the hall like a madman, fingers wrapped tightly in Lucifer's short blonde hair. Michael ignores it- Lucifer wouldn't let Sam fall.
"Guys? I woke up and you were gone!" Gabriel whines as he joins the group. "Luci, why you crying?"
"Hey, Cas," Sam says. "How's school?"
"No, you're not envious. You're gay."
"What, you think I'm going to let her go up against me? H**l no!"
Sam is 2
"I have to go."
Sam wakes with a startled gasp, moving from zero to sixty in full Winchester mode. He wasn't sure what woke him, because a quick scan of the room showed it was empty. He sneaks over to the door, pulling it open carefully.
"Wait, he's actually here? I thought I was going crazy. That's Lucifer Novak. He's Cas' older brother, but he's supposed to be in Massachusetts. He lives there with his older brother Michael, in an apartment with Michael, his mate Anna, and their son Samandriel."
Ben shakes his head. "You could have come back."
"These are very serious accusations," the owner says. He deliberates a moment then says, "I'm calling my General Manager to tell him I'm leaving. Sam, go get Jess. Tell her we're going to the hospital. You," he says, pointing to Balthazar now, "give me your ID. If he's positive for date rape drugs I'm calling the police on you."
"Whenever you two are done, we're waiting," Michael interrupts.
Gabriel sniggers. "Are you going to make me beg, Lulu?"
"Roses?" Cas echoes.
With a put-upon sigh, Gabriel snaps his fingers and Michael's hair returns to it's normal dark sheen. Jared stares at him oddly for a moment.
"In a few short days I'll be your idiot."
Balthazar goes over to the couch with Dean, both of them settling into chairs on opposite sides of the coffee table. "This must be weird for you," Dean says, "coming back to see us after all this time."
Cas does, and he shouts from the pain. His legs won't cooperate with him, and he's trying to brace and just can't. He collapses against the chairs. Then he feels something grab his leg to anchor him, and looks down to see Lucifer. "It's okay, Cas," he says. "It's okay. I've got you."
"I've been on Earth for thousands of years. The things I know how to do would probably shock you, Samshine. But yes, I do cook. It's a past-time I greatly enjoy."
"No, they're not," Dean says.
He walks into the room, fingers coated in slick. "What's wrong with me?"
"Because the creature greeted you by name, perhaps?" Castiel answers unnecessarily.
"Saying you love me."
Raphael is gone now, Sam sees as he looks around the battlefield. The demons have smoked out as well, so that only their group is left. Someone is kneeling over Lucifer, perhaps making sure he's dead. He definitely is. Sam checked.
"The sex, Balthazar!" Sam cries semi-hysterically. "Do you think that's what he's coming back for?"
"I know. Actually, Cas is talking about going to school to be a doctor or nurse. He wants to be in the healthcare field."
He gets up and goes outside to walk. There's nothing nearby, no stores to mark his path, so he sticks close to the hotel for now, walking circles around it three times before getting bored and texting Dean to borrow the keys to Baby.
Aurora says something else but Sam isn't listening any more. His keen ears have heard a howl, and he turns slowly toward the sound, legs tensed to launch him toward it if he hears it again. A second howl, accompanied by a person's scream, is all it takes to have Sam hurtling out the door.
"What?" Gabriel questions.
"I threw it out," Lucifer answers honestly.
The thermometer tells him he's running a hundred and five degree fever. This sends Cas into a panic, because he's pretty certain he's heard before that a hundred and four is enough to start injuring your brain. He's sobbing now, because he's done everything he can think to cool himself down and absolutely nothing helped. He doesn't want to lose brain cells, but it seems there's no other choice. Cas crawls to his room and drags himself into bed, sobbing miserably all the while. He wants Mommy. Or Daddy. Or Dean. He drifts off, fever-addled brain contributing to strange dreams that he doesn't understand.
"Hey." Despite his fear of flying, Dean doesn't appear tense or afraid. His body is loose, hand knotted loosely in the grass as he watches Castiel twist in an aerial somersault. Dean laughs. "10 out of 10, baby," he calls, and Cas grins at them before shooting off again.
"I understand, Sam, truly I do. I always said I would wait for you, and if you don't think now is the right time then it's not. What's a little bit more waiting? I'm already getting more out of our relationship then I first imagined when you were born."
"Also human, though not really."
Sam wrenches himself free. "I'll take myself, thank you," he tells her curtly. He strides out the door, flinging it open with both hands. "Announcing Sam Winchester," he yells.
He jumps out into traffic and hails a taxi. Sam crawls inside next to Gabriel, Lucifer crowding into him from the other side. His head is reeling, but he's excited about the date to come. He relaxes back against the seat and gives control over to the two archangels next to him.
"Every night. Until I fall asleep. He bought me a phone so Mom and Dad don't have to pay for it." Then he tacks on, "Don't tell Dean."
"Hold up!" Dean bellows. "What the f**k, you two?" he demands, looking at the two teens.
"I love you, too, Cas."
"Budge over, Cas," Jo requests, "I'd like to talk to Dean."
"What about Cas?"
"Mom, I'm talking about going to Harvard, not the moon! Dean and Cas went by themselves when they were younger than me!"
"You have a crush on me?"
Sam furrows his brow. "Why would you need to feel my presence most here? This is his bedroom!"
Dean snarls and blasts the gate with round after round of angel grace. Nothing happens, the gates don't even shudder as he attacks. "I meant it, Cas," Dean whispers when he finally gets tired. Everyone besides Sam has left him to work out his anger at losing Cas, so no one hears him as he repeats "I am coming for you. I promise."
The bed dips as more weight gets added to it, and Sam flips Gabriel over him, tossing him onto the bed behind him as wild eyes assess this new threat. Lucifer freezes, hands extended as he reaches for the shirt thrown on the pillow under Sam's head. "Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt."
"You're touching me. Voluntarily."
"You really going to shoot your great-grandchild, Samuel?" Dean asks brashly.
"Lawyer. When Sam suggested it today something just clicked, Bal. It was like 'yes, that's what I want to do. I want to help Omegas like that.'"
"Neither do I, but Cas does."
"Yay! He's in the water now Crowley!" Sam yells exuberantly right next to Lucifer.
"Let's go, then."
Cas huffs. "Sometimes I wonder why I wanted to become a doctor. My classmates are so ignorant. They keep telling me I can't do it, that I'm going to fail out of school. I got the last laugh though, the Dean's list for first semester came out, and I'm on it."
"I brought Lazarus back from the dead, what makes you think I can't bring them back?"
Dean stands up and slips the ring back into his pocket. "Babe, what are you talking about?"
"Why don't you climb in the back and catch a few more Zs? I'll look out for you."
"No, you're not. You were possessed," Dean argues.
"At least I kept my tongue in my own mouth, unlike you and Cas yesterday."
"That I hope we understand each other. You will kill me if I hurt your son, and I will kill you if you hurt him."
"No, listen," Michael begins, looping his fingers around his knee, "let me put it a different way. There's a man trying to get into heaven, alright? He believed that he needed to rid the world of people who believed other than he did. So he died as a suicide bomber. Should he go to heaven?"
"Thank you," replies Balthazar. "Where is Castiel? I owe him a good punch for killing me."
"Um, except for the fact that you had to call me here because you don't want to have sex with him."
"Sometimes people can reject grace. He should be okay, so long as we can get his fever down," Lucifer explains.
"Yeah, that would make sense. It's possible that he somehow was able to clone himself to Gabriel and kept our Gabriel locked away somewhere."
In a split second, Sam makes his decision. He knows what he needs to do, and there's only one way to see it through. He imitates Dean's cocky bravado when he challenges "Oh yeah? Better hurry it up then, so I can get my family out of here."
"Oh."
"But why?"
Cas frowns, sniffing around. "You're right! That's you!"
"I'm hot," Sam informs him.
"What's at Harvard?"
"Wow," is the only thing Sam can say. Michael is gaping at Dean, unable to answer, and Cas decides to resolve the issue by climbing Dean like a tree and kissing him until Dean nearly falls.
The crowd goes wild. For the first time, Castiel is aware of more than Dean- his father and mother are in the front row next to John and Mary. Meg's behind them, her girlfriend Charlie next to her. Kali is there next to John and Mary, and Anna. Samandriel is with Anna, having gotten bored after he got to throw the flowers. Dean's friend Benny is in attendance with his girlfriend Andrea. Rowena and Crowley are there too. Cas stops looking at the crowd and looks to his husband instead. Dean grins at him, boyish and excited. "Ready to go?"
"Yeah, sure. It's off in the bedroom, second door on the right."
"Castiel Winchester."
"So Michael tells us you're going to be a lawyer? What kind, and what inspired you toward that particular path?" Aze asks as he climbs onto the barstool next to Lucifer. Lilith jumps the counter again, going over to take another guy's order. She spends her time alternating between talking to Lucifer and Aze and serving the other bar patrons, while Lucifer pours out his life story (minus some important details like Sam's age) to the couple. He never even feels his phone vibrate to let him know he can come back to the apartment. He gets that message five hours later after the bar closes down for the night and he, Aze, and Lilith split ways for the night. He grins and jogs back to the apartment.
Dean looks very panicked, which prompts Cas to suggest, "Why don't I help you, Sammy?"
"We're not," Sam says instantly. "Just good friends."
Cas exhales a deep breath. "I'm fine," he whispers. "I can't wait to do this for the rest of my life."
"But then it won't be just you and me."
Mary nods, then yanks Dean into a hug. He's stiff as a board in her arms. "I know you're angry, but I am trying to look out for you both," she concludes, then she leaves the room, giving Cas a hug on the way out.
"But what if-"
"But not like the others," Bobby replies with a fond glance in his direction.
"No!" Adam shouts. He jumps on Michael's back, but this time Michael is braced for it and he doesn't move. He bucks, breaking Adam's grip smoothly before he drops him on the ground with an angry thud. Michael turns toward Dean again, but Sam wraps him in hellfire, swirling angrily around him as it waits for Michael to attack. It has every bit as much of a desire to keep Dean safe as Sam himself.
Sam's face closely resembles a tomato. "Shut up, Dean!" he hisses, brandishing his fork.
"Sammy and I needed a father, ever think of that? And you didn't even get revenge yourself, Sammy and I had to do that too! I mean, at least Adam got taken to a ball game every year for his birthday. Is that why you did it- Sammy and I were hunters so we never got to see you as anything other than a hunter? You could have warned us, by the way. 'Hey kids, I have another son.' Instead we get a phone call from some kid we never knew existed who surprise! Just so happened to be our half-brother! Just in case it wasn't enough that I had to constantly pray Sammy didn't go berserk and I'd have to kill him, let's just add that too!"
The girl crosses over and kisses him. "That's more important. I'll still be here when you're done with him."
Sam is 17
Lucifer rolls his eyes. He grabs his brother and hauls him out of the room, and into yet another room. "This one is mine. Nothing spectacular, okay, we've seen everything up here there is to see." Sam barely gets a glimpse of light red before the door is being pulled shut. "There's a weapons room in the basement," he tells them, leading them down the first flight of stairs.
He feels Sam's limbs tense as he gets ready to flee. Trailing a hand over Sam's for comfort, he waits as the three Alphas get closer. They're calling out horrible things about what they want to do to Sam, and teasing Lucifer about being too old for his Omega. He says nothing, waiting as they get closer and finally come onto the island.
"I don't-" Sam begins, but Balthazar looks beyond him to the elevator that is just opening. Dean and Cas exit together, Dean now dressed in a new, blood-free shirt. Balthazar hustles over and Sam watches as he pulls back his arm and punches Cas hard in the jaw, then promptly throws his arms around him. Dean's face is shocked, and he is clearly contemplating hitting Balthazar. Sam runs to grab him before he can.
"It is. I don't think I had realized how much you would have changed- in my head you hadn't, you see. Seeing little Sammy in that bar really hit it home for me. I've missed so much. I don't regret leaving, but I do regret not coming back." Balthazar shakes his head, clearing away the melancholy thoughts. "Enough about me. What about you? Are you still content being a mechanic?"
Sam nods in agreement. Crowley's words are not something he wants to think about too closely anyway.
"It was good. I talked more about how I'm managing my emotions lately, and she said she thinks I'm doing well."
Dean is 13
They're in the Novak's pool at the moment, just days before they'll all separate. Sam's in the water with Crowley, splashing him as the two battle to get the biggest waves. Lucifer, Rowena, and Balthazar sit on the edge of the pool with their feet dangling in the water, far enough away so Sam can't hear what they're saying thanks to how loud the toddler is.
"Would you stop saying that?"
"Of course I can, I just picked him!"
"Well you know Dean. If Cas said he was interested in a star Dean would find a way to get him there. He's super supportive."
"Atta boy! What GPA?"
Surprisingly, it's Cas and not Dean that flips Sam out of the chair for that comment.
"Michael!" Sam screams, "Dean's afraid of flying!" Michael doesn't even know what that has to do with anything, but he bursts into action, flying up in the air just as Dean's wings disappear and he plummets to the ground at a speed that would break every bone in his body if he was still human.
"And she turned him down on the night before she died because she knew he was into Cas. What does that tell you?"
"So then, it stands to reason that peace could be brought by groups of three as well. Demons, humans, and angels. Peace could be bought between heaven and hell, heaven and Earth, and in heaven with the right alliances. For example: an alliance between heaven and Earth, while also bringing peace in heaven would be Michael, Dean, and Castiel."
He leads Sam down to the kitchen, and begins making hot chocolate. Dean is just walking out, making Jack a bottle and bouncing him on his waist again. "You want hot chocolate baby?"
"Brother or not, you will lose both hands if you ever joke about taking your underwear off in Sam's presence ever again."
"What's wrong with Cas? Is he okay?"
"Castiel Winchester," the professor answers, fluttering a hand in Cas' general direction. "He's top of the class."
"If you two are done fighting, we'd like to eat," Mary calls from over by the door. Dean and Sam obediently go to the entrance.
"Sam took care of them all!" Ben exclaims.
"And probably some roses."
"Uh-huh." Dean ducks his head a bit, feeling embarrassed. "So are we like- hunting partners then?"
"I'm not destiny's b***h," protests Sam.
"The nightmare will be over soon."
"Don't be like that," the man chides, hands reaching for Sam again.
"We're lucky you're so cute," Dean remarks as they take off, "because people are more willing to help us."
"Yes!" Sam runs into the bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind him.
"Stop it!" John orders harshly. "Stop it! If he got in the way, then clearly he didn't want you to be on that table. If Sam did what you said, then he made the choice for it to be him. Don't you blame yourself for that."
"Yeah, obviously," Gabriel tells him, waving the money. "Twenty dollars a piece." He gets up then and hugs them both. "Congratulations, you two."
"What?"
"C'mon, Cas, did you really forget about the honeymoon?"
Lucifer hums in agreement, and shows Sam their meeting. He shows the excitement and anticipation of their union, the first 'yes' that instead turned out to be the first 'no.' He holds nothing back. He shows Sam the affection he felt as he approached him as Jess, the love as he smoothed Sam's hair away from his ear. He shows Sam how he felt when Sam finally realized it wasn't Jess, but instead him. The pain of Sam's own rejection and horrified face sends his body back against the bed again, gasping in shock as he tries fruitlessly to breathe. Michael's betrayal had hurt, had splintered him, but Sam's had shattered him. He can feel the pain and shock of rejection, the surprise that Sam wouldn't want him. After all, he had waited millennia for Sam.
"Cas, you've gotta try this!" Dean calls, and Cas comes over obediently.
"I'd do it."
"Luce, what-" Michael begins, then stops when he sees the blood. "Oh. My God."
Lucifer looks like he's been slapped. "I don't know about that."
"I saw, honey. Come on, we're soon going to be late to get your brothers from the bus stop." Cas is tugged along to their house. Just as they reach the driveway the bus pulls into view. It stops in front of their house and lets Cas' brothers off. "Gab'il!" Cas screams as his next oldest brother exits. Gabriel is his real name, but that's hard for a three-year-old to pronounce.
A tired voice croaks, "Is Lucifer home?" so Lucifer finds himself on his feet travelling toward the door without having ever made the conscious decision to move. He rounds the corner to find his Omega friend from school, Rowena, standing with ripped clothes, looking beaten and tearful.
"And for those of us who don't speak doctor?" Dean asks sassily, rocking Jack to sleep in his arms.
"That I hate you!"
"Sam and Dean Winchester. Greetings," Raphael begins cooly.
Sam sits up. "Michael came to me."
"You won't."
Sam can feel the anxiousness that bubbles up in Lucifer when Azazel lets him know that Mary Winchester is pregnant for a second time. He feels the hope when Azazel returns nine months later to announce that Sam Winchester has been born. There's hope and joy, and desire to break free, to give Michael retribution, and then to walk on Earth once more, to see the brothers and sisters that he has missed. Azazel has kept him updated about the new angels, and he's especially fascinated by news of a younger brother named Castiel, one of the last Gabriel had announced before he vanished. His body thrums with anxiousness, barely concealed patience as he waits for Sam Winchester to grow.
"Cold," Sam repeats.
Michael sighs and snaps his fingers so the three tables morph into one. "I asked them to intermix at the wedding rehearsal dinner," he gripes. "Anyway, surprise! I worked with Baldur to get this set up with everyone's favorite foods. I figured since we're having a fancier, not-everyone's-favorite meal tomorrow, that we would have a dinner like this tonight. Plus, I believe it is tradition."
"Nah. This has been fun, but I'm off." Without another word, he's gone.
Sam doesn't, he just sits there and drinks the whole mug of tea, letting the warmth seep into his body to comfort him. Michael doesn't seem bothered by this, he just sits back and pins Sam with a look that promises he's not leaving this seat until he shares what's worrying him.
The knife travels around until Sam's skin is hanging off his body before he speaks again. "So tell me, how did you know Jared wasn't me?"
Sam has never seen a group of demons scatter as quickly as they do when that pancake lands in their midst. Azazel rallies them quickly and they advance as a group, tossing food at everything that moves. There's a bunch of shrieking and food flying- and all of this because Sam decided to fingerpaint Gabriel.
Claire, Ben, and Adam wisely take this moment to exit stage right, scurrying out the door to the stairwell.
Balthazar laughs. "Want to know a secret? Nobody knows what they're doing at the age of eighteen. We all fake it until we make it. You're normal."
"He does."
"Yummy," Gabriel declares, but Sam is focused on Dean. His brother is dressed handsomely in classic black, but his face is nearly as white as Sam's suit. "No! Not that one, not that one. Anything but that. I hate it!"
"It's not the revenge that does it. It's the child abuse, neglect, endangerment...I could go on."
"He was blinded by vengeance and a thirst for revenge. He needed to make it right- and he did. He did what he set out to do. That's a good thing."
"Is he trustworthy? Enough to keep Sam safe?"
"No he wasn't. Your father is a bad man."
He gives the woman a coffee, and Sam heard her ask, "Did you win?"
"I'm so sorry," Lucifer finally says. "That's- that has to suck. I never thought of how it must feel for you."
Sam smiles, all teeth. "But I value your opinion."
Bal, for his part, looks startled. "Do you want me to be your daddy?"
"I am his father-" Dean begins, and that's when Sam decides to cut him off for his own good.
"Okay Cassie. You're fourteen. There's still time to figure it out, either way. And if you are, I won't love you any less. Now please go to sleep, your big brother is tired."
Sam grabs a sheet of notebook paper, ripping it out of his notebook then carefully pulling off the jagged side so he can procrastinate a bit more. Then he begins to write.
Michael smirks. "Aurora is the angel of peace, Sam."
Castiel is waiting for them in the doorway of the hotel, blocking the demons' entrance. Sam can hear loud yelling spilling out into the parking lot. "Sam, stay out here for a minute. You too, Dean."
"More dangerous up here," Sam remarks, walking to the edge and rocking there. "It's easier to fall." Thus saying, he hurls himself off the cliff.
"He was being a brat," Sam defends his actions, "and so I punched him."
"Thanks, buddy!" Dean says, coming over to give him a hug. Then he's off to admire the food. They eat together, and Dean declares he's stuffed after eating two burgers and one of every dessert Cas picked. Which is good, Cas likes when Dean is taken care of.
Balthazar isn't deterred. "And after you two mate? Where will you sleep then?"
"Oh, I wouldn't get between him and Dean-o," a familiar voice says. "That's about the only time I've seen Cas get in a fight. You'll regret it if you do, Omega or no."
"Where's Crowley at?"
"No. But I always run cold. Do you want me to turn on the air conditioning?"
"Hello, Samuel," Michael says.
Rowena laughs. "He's not my mate, he's my friend. But your mother is right, whoever ends up with him will be a lucky Omega indeed." Sam smiles faintly as she reassures him. "I'm here because my no-good ex-boyfriend got me pregnant."
Sam throws all of his weight into it, whipping his brother across the lobby and down the hall of the first floor hotel rooms. Dean shouts for joy, holding onto the bar above his head as Sam pushes the cart faster and faster.
"Anna and Zachariah," Dean says.
"Blissfully."
Sam throws his brother a bi**h face.
Michael rolls his eyes. "Castiel, how many times must I tell you I want you before you believe me?"
"I've already said I don't really want to talk to you guys."
"Do you know how to kill it?"
Dean's head snaps up and he growls sharply, a clear warning: 'Mine, not yours.'
"Dean?" Sam croaks, unsure of how Dean is even near him. He should be in Hell, should still be in the Cage, but it seems he's somehow returned to Heaven. "How am I here? Where's Gabriel and Lucifer? Did you find Cas?" He struggles to sit up, but Dean pushes him back down.
"What did my father tell you two about this whole marriage scheme of his?"
"Shut up, Cas! Are you anywhere he can hear you?"
Crowley snorts. "Lord, Moose. You're a terrible liar. We gotta work on that." He pats Sam's shoulder then continues on down the stairs.
"Really?"
"Mom's really mad," Dean whispers as Michael hangs up.
Sam's eyes fly up, and he sees a line of vampires surrounding the cage. The Alpha vampire is in the front, with the others fanned out behind him. Dean and Cas are nowhere to be found.
Chuck heaves a great sigh. "That's because my sons are idiots."
That's really all he has to say to make Sam feel guilty. He drinks the smoothie in about three gulps, handing the empty cup to Gabriel, who vanishes it with a snap. "Thanks," Sam tells him. "Sit with me?"
"We've considered it since Michael first suggested the name Samandriel," Anna reassures him.
"Oh. My. God."
"As have I. But Dean does not discuss his feelings, and I've never needed to be told of how he feels, and it went unsaid between us for what many would claim is too long."
"Finally, you're here!" Azazel says.
"Tell me about it," Cas agrees.
IV bolus: lots of fluids given through an IV. Can help maintain blood pressure.
"I'll hold you to that," retorts Sam with a flirtatious wink. He backs toward to door. "For now though, I think I better go."
"They want to send Dad to Hell."
"Not tired. Wanna talk to Lucifer."
"Yeah, you are, but we love you anyway," Lilith agrees.
"Well, Gabe is planning to start a bakery. He's actually looking into getting a business on the main street of town here."
"She turned me down because my boyfriend is clearly the possessive type. No amount of telling her I didn't have a boyfriend helped," he adds, glaring at Cas.
"Sam, are you okay?"
Michael looks up as they approach, smiling politely at them. He says something to his angel companion, a young woman with bright blonde hair, so blonde it's nearly white, and she watches the group approach with interest.
"Sam, where are my husbands?" Michael demands as the third archangel appears.
"Just because I don't feel the need to perv at your naked body-"
In what feels like minutes, Lucifer is shaking him awake. "Hey Sam, it's midnight."
Blue eyes fill with tears. "Meg and her posse."
"It did," Dean promises, "I swear it did. But I couldn't. It wasn't fair to you and your mom for me to keep popping in and out like I did, and she was beginning to resent me for it. So I did what I had to do."
"Yeah, you set the fire, Sam," Ben tells him.
Cas starts screaming and crying all over again. Michael takes off running, instantly frightened for his younger brother. "Cassie!"
Sam frowns. "I thought that was a good thing," he mutters to Gabriel, who has joined him, slipping his hand into Sam's and linking their fingers together.
Hazel eyes roll. "You're not adopting him. You're taking us back to the hotel so we can make sure they're safe."
Lucifer cries for a while in his arms and Sam just holds him, rocking him back and forth slowly and repeating his litany of reassurance.
"With luck, his memory will return with time. Unfortunately, there's no guarantees."
"Cas wanted to throw you a birthday party. So, we did," Sam explains.
"You're doing what, now? Are you crazy?" Jared cuts in. "You were tortured in Hell, were you not? You did go insane afterward, with Hallucifer following you everywhere? So now you woke up one day and went 'I'm gonna marry the enemy, yay!'"
"Cas, I should go talk to Sam. He's my brother."
"I never said that," Sam begins, but stops when he realizes Dean's looking distinctly nauseated.
Sam shakes his head, rejecting his mother's words.
Sam shakes his head no. He pushes his own pizza to the side and goes out to start the car. "I'm done. You all come out when you're ready."
"Oh, really?" Gabriel demands, a light coming into his eyes that means Sam is in for it now. He takes Sam's smoothie and upends the entire thing over Sam's head.
Uriel laughs. "I'm not used to having to update anyone, sorry. I'm actually on the Dean's List at college."
In what Sam had thought was a closet in the kitchen is actually the stairs leading to the basement. The basement is painted white, offset by dark wood that Sam thinks might be mahogany. The wood cabinets have glass doors, and many weapons are stored within them- everything from angel blades to guns to hex bags. "The weapons are half of your own weapons collection, Sam. Dean split everything fifty-fifty. He kept the angel blade though, and your knife is over here. The rest of the weapons are a combination of Gabriel's and mine. We have two archangel blades over here that you could grab if you needed them for some reason. I took the liberty of making the demon knife warded so only you can grab it. The archangel blades can only be taken by the three of us as well, that way someone can't come into our house and grab one and kill us."
"You had it under control," Lucifer says.
"I'm sure you will."
"Can you keep a secret? You can't tell anyone, not even Dean. Especially not Dean."
"What do you mean, no?"
"It's not that I don't want to. It's that I'm scared to."
"So what brings you here, Sam?" questions Balthazar as the owner walks away.
"No I wasn't!" Sam's voice is still hoarse, but he's shouting as much as he's able.
"Yeah, that sounds like a great deal."
"Quit calling me Sammy!"
So that's why Sam's here, at their house, while everyone else is getting ready for Dean's wedding tomorrow. He's looking for clues, anything out of place that will let him know he's not going completely crazy. However, it's hard to know what Gabriel would leave as a hint. "If I was Gabriel, and I was going to leave a hint, where would I leave it?" Sam mutters to himself.
Everyone has left the house now besides Sam. He's sitting next to Lucifer tracing burning patterns into his hand, leaning heavily into his side. They haven't spoken for a while, just enjoying the silence and being near each other.
"WHAT?" Three shocked Winchesters exclaim together.
Everyone gasps, and Cas has a terrible feeling deep in his gut that everyone is holding their breath waiting for the doctor to kill him.
"Woooooooo, get some, Jimmy!" A woman's voice pierces through the quiet moment Dean's having.
"What is it, Dean?" Cas is right outside the door too, and he shoves into the bathroom with them. The space is much too small for the three men, but Cas is undeterred.
Sam already has the cart towering when Cas finds him. There's burgers and French fries, as well as tomatoes, lettuce, and onions. "Dean will eat veggies on a burger," Sam explains. Sam sends Cas off to find the dessert, saying he and Kevin are going to decide on a vegetarian option for the two of them.
"Political sciences."
"He stopped?"
The doctor stares him down. Cas watches him impassively. "You'll do," repeats the doctor. "Lesson number one, any and every doctor will push you around if you let them. Do not let them." He stares around at the class a moment. "You could all learn a lesson from him. I'll see you and Ms. Masters tomorrow morning." He swaggers out the door.
"Yes! You did say 'with the power vested in me by the state of Kansas.'"
Rowena turns to reel him in for another kiss. Lucifer coughs before the couple can scar them for life, "I'll watch Crowley tonight for you. And longer, if you need. Just let me know."
"Nothing, besides the fact that Bobby here is going to be immortal too. There's not much change required to be heaven's ambassadors to Earth."
"Hey, I've got ten minutes before I'm due in court."
"Sam!" Benny yells.
Uriel falls to his knees, holding his brother and soothing him, running his fingers through damp ebony hair. "It's alright," he reassures mindlessly.
"You do?"
"Yes, I thought so too. My angels are already there, but I'm confident you will be able to get past them. Get some rest now, boys, I'll watch over you for tonight."
"Well apparently Samifer is the only time I was sexy," Jared complains. "Someone at Comic Con told me that yesterday."
"Yes, Uncle Dean. Who's this?"
"Are you feeling better?" Ruby asks anxiously, arm looped around Azazel. "Do you remember where you are now?"
Lucifer looks up from his spot at the couch where he's typing on his laptop with a tiny smile. "Soon I hope that that will be a reality," he murmurs quietly enough that the younger boy doesn't hear. "How was helping with Balthazar's class?"
"Shut up, Fergus," Dean snaps. "Bobby, can we go somewhere or-"
"Dr. Winchester, what are you doing?" Dr. Moseley demands when she looks up to see him applying a tourniquet to a student's arm. "Honey, this isn't good for your babies!"
"Sure."
"He can't tell you what he doesn't know," Dean says, "so don't tell him cuz he doesn't know we're here."
"Oh, well. Alright then. That's fine."
"Yeah."
"Go back to bed, sweetheart."
There must be some signal given, because Cas pulls his angel blade out. Dean backs up so he's pressed against the wall, and Cas switches his weight so he's tilting forward. He's alert watching the other side, anticipating something.
Sam glances around the room one more time. "I'm leaving," he decides. "I'll be outside, Michael," he calls.
Michael goes back to Cas and gets Mary's ring, settling it nicely on his brother's neck. Neither Dean nor Cas has any arguments about it this time.
Sam bounces once joyously before running to tell his mom the good news.
"We've both noticed something. You kiss me, but not Lucifer. How come?"
"Here," Lucifer says to Sam, offering his hand. "Come with me up to our hotel room. I'd like to show you something."
.........................................................................................
"Cas, that's great and all, and I'm happy for you, but that is so much more information than what I need to know."
Sam staggers to his feet. It's hard to breathe. His ribs are probably broken. With that thought, he coughs blood. Yep. Definitely broken. Like Sam's going to be soon.
"Well are you going to tell me what it is?"
"That's what I saw, but I couldn't tell you," Dick says.
Sam stumbles in then, grabbing for a pancake with eyes that haven't completely opened yet. He eats two before mumbling, "Morning, guys."
"Hey, sorry. I was looking for Sam."
"He's arrogant and mean."
"Then I promise I'll ask again at a better time."
Dr. Prescott smiles kindly. "Related to my intern?"
"I will not argue with you on this, brother."
False contractions: aka Braxton-Hicks contractions- contractions that don't actually cause labor. However, this can be a sign you're going into labor. They're irregular contractions. (Cas is so busy he doesn't pay attention to the switch between this and his true labor, that's why he keeps insisting he's fine)
"A truck, Cas."
"Yes. But it's my friend Dean's birthday, so I got a bit of everything."
"It's no big deal. Well, it was difficult, but I'm glad you were able to talk to him, since he didn't want to talk to me."
I said no," Sam tells Michael for what has to be the thirteenth time in the past twenty minutes. "You bring up a good point, really you do, but I don't want to learn how to control my hellfire. I'd rather pretend it's not there at all. And I'd prefer not to have to fight the demons."
"It's alright," she tells him gently, "I enjoy the challenge."
*And- same part of the story, Cas' point of view*
"Time to eat!" Dean orders. He's also coincidentally the first person up at the table, piling his plate high with a ridiculous number of burgers. Sam has a strong suspicion that the only thing keeping that plate piled is angel grace. He laughs as everyone else joins his brother, though no one else's plate is piled that high.
Sam looks around in confusion. "This isn't Michael's apartment."
Dean roars with laughter, which makes Cas smile. He loves when Dean laughs, even if he doesn't always know why he's laughing.
Chuck nods. "Good. I love you, son. You're dismissed." He turns back to his manuscript. Lucifer stands and walks to the door, then goes back and throws his arms around his father in a tight hug.
"The whole store is expensive. It's fine. Go pick yourself out something nice."
"Why do you keep saying it?"
"I think I'm healed enough from the whole Jess thing, now. And with everything calm right now, the timing is ideal. I had a bit of money saved, so, I don't know. It just felt like maybe I should."
"Who are you? I demand to speak to the Winchesters!"
Sam claps a hand on Michael's shoulder. "They're like brother and sister, calm down."
"Maybe," Cas agrees. "How's my brother?" he questions a moment later, face breaking into an impish smile that would have been much more at home on Dean.
"I'm so sorry, Sam. I didn't want to leave." She hugs him tighter. "Thanks for killing Brady for me."
"Hi, Jack Henry," Dean whispers, setting his hand overtop Cas'.
Cas looks over at Dean with a raised eyebrow. "That was a surprisingly in-depth picture. I stopped listening around the time you hit 'tow-headed with your brilliant blue eyes.' You've been imagining our children?"
Lucifer frowns too, knowing he's done wrong but not why. He just felt like he had to roar back at Dean, but now Dean was crying.
He's moving to protect her automatically, years of ingrained instinct prompting him to pull off his own shirt to cover her, offering it as he respectfully looks away. She pulls it on thankfully, then says, "Okay, it's safe."
"What about if you're marrying them? Or, you know, the guy wants you to look?" Gabriel asks, looking curious.
"Do you really think he's insecure about something? He shouldn't be. He's practically perfect."
His back hurts. It hurts so badly, and Cas is forced to stop his work for a moment as pain shoots through his body. He grits his teeth and rides out the false contraction. The student says something to him, but Cas doesn't understand it. "I don't understand you," he says in English, "I'm so sorry."
Sorry for the wait on this one, my lovely readers. I had a major chunk of this written out, and decided I hated the direction the chapter was going so I did some major revamping. Now that we're on the flip side, I'm pretty happy with how everything turned out. This will also probably be one of the last few chapters; though not to worry I've still got some major drama points on the way for our boys Dean & Cas, and of course the new lovebirds Sam & Lucifer (who will eventually mate, I promise. But freaking Sam wanted to be responsible and get to know Lucifer again first).
"If you'd come with me please? Cas leads his brother into a conference room, then turns to face him, standing so his back is to the door. "Mr. Novak, the results are negative."
Sam looked up, and their eyes connect. Lucifer's world halts on its axis, and his heart rate skyrockets. He's got it bad.
"Let's be honest, Uriel will probably end up being the favorite, simply because he hasn't been around," Michael says.
"I know, Lucifer. You love him already, I can tell."
"Sure," Dean decides, after looking around carefully himself.
"No," Lucifer answers smoothly, talking over him. "We're going to get all of our family members back. They're in the Cage, but we need to do this alone. The two of us, together, and only the two of us. Anyone else is in grave danger. So we need to go alone."
"No I don't think I will. He's in agony right now and it's so glorious. And after all, possession is nine-tenths of the law, so I think he's mine." Sam pulls back his hands and releases the hellfire again.
Sam begins to laugh. He's won, his team's victorious, and he's knocked Lucifer out of the water too. It's been fun. Lucifer's laughing too, shaking Sam's whole body as he sees the humor in the game. Sam leans down and gives him what he intends to be a chaste peck on the lips.
Cas turns back to Sam, who's trying to suppress a smirk. "Serves him right."
"Yeah, alright," Gabriel mutters, kicking his feet as he still looks away. A pleased smile makes its way across his face, though he tries his best to hide it. Sam takes Gabriel's face in his hand and gently turns him so he's making eye contact, then plants a kiss on his lips.
They're at supper that evening with both the Winchester parents (John is home for once, shockingly) when Dean remarks, "So did you guys talk about Sammy's crush on Lucifer at your Omega Night?"
Before Lucifer can retort as he so obviously wants to, Dean and Cas appear in yet another bright flash of light. Dean's green wings are behind him, and he's gripping his sword so tightly his knuckles are white around it. He looks like he's going into battle, and even though Sam has seen him battle-ready thousands of times, the wings add such a different look that he nearly doesn't recognize his own brother.
Azazel huffs out an angry sound, but he walks out of his room. Within seconds he's back, Crowley and Rowena behind him.
"Nah. He never had a chance to. Besides, he'd never do anything like that."
Cas pouts. "I did it wrong, didn't I?"
Within a few minutes, Cas is holding the results in his shaking hands. "Negative. Oh thank you God, it's negative," he gasps, practically collapsing against the wall.
"Well, you won't be my vessel, so I don't really care what you do."
"Maybe because Gabriel and I don't have quite the same relationship as you and I."
When the cramps are over Uriel puts him back into bed, tears streaming down Cas' face. "You're going to be fine," he promises before he runs downstairs.
"Could what?"
"So, I was going to ask if you wanted to be my Omega?" Lucifer whispers, still holding him close.
"Ten years older. Really though, you don't think it's weird?"
As they watch, something else moves in Cas' womb. Dean jerks back with a startled sound. "What-"
"To long life!" Lucifer agrees, clinking his water glass with Sam's.
She sneers at him. "I'm sorry, do you want to be attacked by hordes of demons as we sneak you out? Because if not I suggest you let me go first."
"I feel fine," replies Kevin.
"Cas, I have to tell you something."
Michael laughs. "Never mind. Scream for help instead. And don't let that boy kiss you again. There's plenty of time for that when you're older."
Rowena's hand flies up to restrain him. "Not yet, easy tiger. It's my own fault, really. He got me pregnant, and I should have known better than to tell him." Lucifer's sharp snarl echoes in the high-ceiling room, bouncing across the walls at this revelation. "I'm sorry to come here, but...I didn't know where else to go."
"The more the merrier. Trust me. And candles. He'll love it. Nothing better than making love in a bed of roses with candles, I don't care if you're male, female, or a non-binary pal, everyone likes it. Foolproof."
"Dean!" Sam screams directly into the phone, causing Uriel to wince and hold the phone away from his ear.
Sam is 16
"I nearly killed Mom! And we just got her back! You're sure she's okay?"
"I don't want this, not like it is," Dean says, frustrated. He rakes his fingers through his hair. "I don't want to marry Michael. Just you, Cas, leave him out of it."
"That's me. And I'm satisfied," Lucifer answers calmly. Mentally he's plotting Michael's death- asking Sam how he feels about Lucifer being harassed is too close to telling him the truth- so that's taking up a lot of his focus. The waitress is the least of his concerns. He's hardly even aware of the manager walking away with their orders in hand.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Sam demands suspiciously.
Cas yanks the carton of ice cream out of the freezer and jabs it toward Dean's chest angrily. "Take this. Give me your phone, I'll call him. But I'm going over to my house so Sam doesn't overhear and get more upset."
"That's not true! I'm very serious! He's got an anaconda, you don't want it!"
"That can be arranged."
"I know. I'll be back by the time you wake up, okay? Promise." He leans up for another quick kiss, then disappears. Sam frowns at the place he was standing before going back to bed. There's nothing useful he can do now.
Lucifer pounces on him, kissing him so fiercely it's hard to tell where one blonde ends and the other begins. Sam looks away then, fingers tugging at the grass surrounding them as Gabriel moans and Lucifer answers him with a growl. Gabriel surges up against him, the brothers battling for dominance. Sam grabs a cupcake and pulls the wrapper off, popping one into his mouth while they're occupied so he can't be accused of being sexual. It's good, so he eats another one.
John and Dean both wolf-whistle. Sam ducks behind Lucifer a bit, smiling shyly. "C'mon, let's go say hi to some people."
"The flowers should be hibiscus. And the chairs should be beach chairs, but the fake bamboo kind. Oh, and we should be barefoot, with the aisle made of sand."
"That's not what we're asking for," Cas tells him. "A house, Dean, not an end to your hunting. Michael and I talked about this, and we were in agreement that he would join us as I joined you and Sam. We will hunt together, as a family. Besides, it would be nice to have a bed that is yours."
The doctor chuckles. "Go on, boy."
Misha reluctantly moves his finger. "So," he says as he walks over, "there's obviously been some divergence between our world and what we're filming and yours. We just wrapped our thirteenth season, and you guys are jumping through portals and Dean said yes to Michael. But that doesn't seem to be the case here. What's new?"
"Rude, Dean."
"I don't know," Sam writes in shaky handwriting unlike his usual.
"That's not it, I'm just saying I think you should be the one to look for him. He's hiding from me, not you," Lucifer is saying.
"He asked if we were special friends?" Dean echoes.
"That sounds exactly like what you said last night," Sam remarks.
Sam is 17
"I'm not!" Sam declares hotly, face heating.
Lucifer runs the entire length of the first floor while Sam throws his head back and screams with laughter. They run into the dining room together, and Gabriel magics the chair out for Lucifer to throw Sam into. "Still not a piggy back ride," Sam gasps, breathless, "but equally fun."
"But that's been going terribly so far!"
Lucifer obliges him, curling into bed with him. He wraps both arms around Sam's in a parody of a restraint, increasing their skin contact. "Aren't you tough men not supposed to admit that you enjoy cuddling?" Lucifer teases.
Gordon's response is instantaneous- he reaches into his pocket and hurls holy water at him. Lucifer growls, advancing toward Gordon until Sam grabs the back of his shirt as he passes and physically yanks him up short.
Sam makes it the entire way down the hallway without meeting either Lucifer or Michael. The hotel floor is empty, which makes Sam smirk to himself. He knows that this is fake now, because in what hotel can you walk an entire floor without seeing anyone? For that matter, when have he and Dean ever stayed in a hotel instead of a motel? When he finally finds Lucifer, he'll have to clue him in. Or maybe not, because it's nice to know that this isn't real. For once, he has the upper hand.
Lucifer stands there for a second longer. "Did you need something?" Sam asks.
"What happened exactly?" Dean demands to know.
Sam twists to look at him. "Get out."
They enter the lobby behind Dean, Sam practically carrying Gabriel. There is a loud grunt behind them and Sam sees Lucifer crumple to the ground.
Dean wails louder and inconsolably. John carries him off, bouncing him on his hip and crooning to him.
"Did you get a good shot, Dad?" Dean asks, arm snaking its way around Cas.
"Why did I have to grow up, Gabriel? I can tell you I was NOT thinking about this last year at this time," Sam says, laying back on the couch and propping a pillow beneath him.
'Enough moping!' he orders himself fiercely. 'You're sixteen, act like it!' He kicks all the covers off and stumbles over to the air conditioner. It says it's at 75, so Cas jacks it down to 55. Then he strips down to his boxers and goes to raid the freezer, and lower every other air conditioner in the house to 55 as well. Possibly the air-conditioning is broken. He texts his father, who's with his mother at an author's conference. 'Think the air-conditioning is broken, just to forewarn you. Hope you're having a great time. Love, Cas.'
"I'm sorry."
"I couldn't mate you then, but if I asked you now, would you say yes?" Lucifer asks, hand cupping Sam's cheek gently.
"Mika? I made a friend!"
"No. It means I'm not going to-"
A lone hellhound launches itself at Sam and he falls to the ground with the force of the onslaught. He scrambles for the demon knife and drives it into the thing's neck. It catches on an artery, or perhaps a ligament, it doesn't really matter because the knife is torn from Sam's hand and falls to the ground too far away for him to reach.
"How do you even know what pirates are?"
Lucifer howls with laughter. When he finally collects himself he says, "Man, I can just see the expression now! Poor woman! Back to Cas, though, is he really alright?"
"Fine!" Dean says, obviously still mad Sam got Cas. "I'm taking Michael and-" Dean's voice trails off as he searches the room, and he turns back to Sam with a nasty sneer, "Lucifer."
Cas grabs Sam's wrist and they're vanishing from the hotel. When they reappear, they are outside a large warehouse. "We're going inside. You are going to get the children out and get out yourself. No fighting the vampires."
"Less talking, more running!" Lucifer bellows, already cutting an angel banishing symbol into his palm. "Son of a b***h! That hurts! My palm is bleeding!"
Sam winces. He catches sight of his phone as he glances down at the bed and recalls the chime that woke him. He checks his messages. He's got a video message from an unknown number, which he clicks on. The video begins to play. A few seconds later, Sam bolts from the bed. "Dean! Cas! Dean!" he shouts as he sprints out the door.
Both archangels freeze, pulling away until they're not touching him at all, watching him with brightly-burning, barely-concealed lust in their eyes. "Are you sure?"
"That's not the way it works. Think of it as a...buy one, get one free special."
Cas grabs Lucifer's arm. "No. No, you don't understand. There was a school shooting- Sam was one of the worst victims. He's already in surgery."
Sam frowns. "Come with me."
"Why though? No, I'm serious, why?" he repeats, seeing Sam's skeptical look. "It's not like he's going to make fun of you for it."
"Anything at all? If I told you I wanted you upstairs in my bed naked-"
Sam doesn't respond, flopping back onto the blanket and relaxing in the sunshine. He lets out a contented sigh. "This is nice."
"Fine. Tired," Sam manages to communicate.
"Mistake!" Cas sobs.
'You were with me for such a short time. You didn't remember anything once you woke up,' Lucifer answers.
"I knew," Crowley says, and Balthazar nods.
"The fact that I can look you in the eyes now?" Sam quips.
"That's great."
"Thanks, but I'm not thirsty."
"Something close to that, then. If that's fine with you and Gabriel, that is."
"Returning the favor," Sam answers grimly. "I killed him once when I was soulless after my return from Hell."
"Yes," Sam says, jumping for an excuse, while Lucifer says, "No," at the exact same time.
Lucifer and Balthazar are 27
"Why do you have a big picture of me in your bedroom?" Sam comes back out with a laugh. "You know, this confirms something I've been thinking about for a while. Either you are a massive pervert-" Lucifer sputters, unable to come up with a viable explanation- "or you're my mate, and that's what you didn't tell me earlier. That's also why nobody batted an eye at you staying with me in the hospital, and everybody probably knows that except for me."
"Of course it was. Where are Dean, Cas, and Michael staying?"
"Sure, honey." She turns to Dean and lowers her voice. "I like that one. I don't know about the other one, though. He's a bit... intense."
Sam shivers. "I'm cold," he mutters.
"Buy a lot. Peel the petals. Spread them all over the room- lots on the bedspread. For candles, you want the little votive ones. No smell, it'll be too overwhelming with the roses. I'll help you find them."
"I don't know, but we'll find her. Not to worry, she wouldn't leave without you," he reassures the child. "Rowena!"
"Precious, really."
"Sweetie?"Becky prompts.
Sam ponders that. "It's a little weird."
"Thank you, that's enough for me, but I want the one bothered by her. Sam?"
"I'll go find him."
"No accounting for bad taste," Balthazar teases.
'MD,' Cas decides.
Gabriel pins him with a 'no duh' look. "Sam Winchester, if you called me all the way here to tell me that you just now, after eighteen years, realized Lucifer and Balthazar are twins, I'm going to thank you kindly for the ice cream and leave."
..............................................................................
Lucifer huffs, seeing where this was going. "He broke the wall, didn't he?"
Lucifer straightens and heals himself with his grace. "I deserved that," he realizes. Sam doesn't say anything, waiting tensely for retaliation. Nothing happens.
Sam sighs as he cuts off fake-Gabriel yet again, trying to shift his weight so it just looks like he's restless and not doing it on purpose. Chuck is babbling on with the same speech for the third time in a row, and Sam is starting to think he could invest in a career as a wedding officiator if this whole ruling Hell business doesn't work out. Fake-Gabriel has been trying to stand next to Cas, but Sam has been keeping an eye on him and cutting him off. It's hard, because he's supposed to be standing next to Dean as Dean's best man, and Gabriel next to Cas. Bobby shoots him a weird look, which Sam ignores. Bobby's already done his job of walking Dean down the aisle, there's not much else he can do. Even if Sam knew what to do about this, Bobby wouldn't be able to help.
"Sweetheart, no. I'm not trying to say Michael was a mistake. I'm trying to caution you and Cas. Can you sit back down please?" Dean does so begrudgingly. "Honey, Becky and I are trying to keep you and Cas from starting your adult life too soon. We don't want to see you get pregnant too early in life and be unable to get ahead in life. We want you and Cas to succeed in everything, and you may not be able to do that with a child."
Sam exits the stairwell to hear angry voices. "I don't know where Sam and Dean are, and I'm not interested in trying them."
"Yes, Father."
"Everybody's coming back from the dead, Mom. You'll get to meet all our friends!" Sam exclaims enthusiastically.
"Cas, look at me and do everything I say. I'm going to help you. Walk back to your room, slowly. Do not run, no matter what you do. Keep eye contact with me the whole time. Start now," he orders, tone commanding but reassuring. Cas does as he's ordered, shutting himself in his room and locking the door.
Mary gapes at him for a moment, then smiles approvingly at him. "Whatever makes you happy, dear."
"Him who?" This conversation has just taken the most bizarre turn, and Lucifer is sure he's missed something somewhere.
"Behind the central table there," Azazel speaks up.
Sam realizes he's being pulled away, calming voices babbling at him. He digs his heels in, refusing to move further. Where's his other fiance? Lucifer is dead, but where's Gabriel?
Cas wanders over to the bakery. It is traditional to have a cake for one's birthday party- the website he consulted had said so. He's thinking that he should grab a pie instead, because everyone knows that Dean loves pie over cake. But there are so many flavors, and he doesn't know which Dean prefers. And there's these small things called cupcakes, which seem to be small cakes. Like, mini cakes. So he grabs one of everything. There's a bunch of things getting ready to fall, but he somehow successfully makes it to the register.
"I'm not sure that's a good enough answer," Michael remarks.
"You don't gotta tell everyone, Dean!" Sam yells. "I'm embarrassed enough about it!"
Azazel volunteers to drive, so they pile into his car. He drives like a maniac- Cas holds on for dear life and closes his eyes- and somehow they get there right in time to watch Michael take on Sam's friend Jess. He wins.
"Great. Crowley, good luck up there, break a leg and all that jazz. See you on the flip side."
"Sam's focus."
"I'll call him right now!" He bolts for the telephone without further prompting.
More years pass. Sam dies, watches himself stumble through Hell. Lucifer is standing there, smirking as he rakes his eyes up and down Sam's body. "Where am I?" Sam hears himself demand.
Sam doesn't say anything, but Dean's words hurt. They're yet another example of how they're drifting apart, and Sam can't imagine Dean would develop grace and not tell him. It feels like this stupid marriage thing is driving a huge wedge between them.
And in the next moment, he knows he's won. The pressure is completely gone. "Sam!" Lucifer cries again. Sam's vision swims back to him slowly. "Oh my Father, I nearly killed you!"
"You're being an absolute jerk! And you're leaving me behind, and soon we're going to hate each other, like every other angel and demon!"
"No, like, you're literally on fire," Ben tells him, but Sam ignores him.
"Mm, bossy," Kali purrs.
Lucifer clutches his chest dramatically. "You wound me, Samuel Winchester!"
"It's Lucifer. Cas, Sammy's hot for Lucifer," Gabriel announces as they finally catch up.
Sam stalks away to the racks. He takes his time methodically going through them, picking some outfits that he thinks he might like. In the end he has about five different combinations, and he hopes that's enough.
In the next breath, there's an angel in the other side. Sam doesn't even have time to identify who it is before Cas launches at the person. There's a blur of red as both angels tumble past, and Sam finally realizes it's Anna. They're moving too fast for Sam to know who's winning, but he can't mistake the deep manly cry of pain that travels through the room.
Sam nods. "No need to be upset, buddy. Did you check inside the house?"
They take Sam to see Aladdin on Broadway, which he loves. The guy playing the genie is so good he gets a standing ovation during 'Friend Like Me' and the poor man is so impacted he's nearly in tears. It's awesome.
"Oh." Sam swivels his computer chair back to the laptop, fingers poised to begin writing again. He's done with this conversation.
"No. I thought maybe Jess- but the more time I spend with her I don't think she's it. And Cas told me we shouldn't settle for each other."
Dean pecks his nose. "No you couldn't. I'll be right back."
Lucifer shrugs. "Protection, I guess. I dunno."
"He's also marrying Michael," Sam finishes, electing to ignore Adam's statement.
"Dean? What's wrong?" Michael asks, in the process of tugging on a shirt to sleep in. Cas ducks out of the bathroom upon hearing this, mouth foaming with toothpaste and angel blade in his hand. The contrast is enough to give Sam a headache.
"Cas, I'm going to take Kevin to the grocery store awhile. Just pick the banner then pay for it, okay? I'll buy the balloons and streamers."
"I know, I know, but- I still wish we could run."
"Why?" Sam's demanding when they catch up, as Chuck heals his hand. "Why are Jensen, Jared, and Misha here? Why'd I go to Hell again? And why did Lucifer have to die?"
Lucifer lunges forward in an attempt to break Sam's grip and attack. Miraculously Sam restrains him. He's so distracted with Lucifer he misses Gabriel stalking by then both with fire in his eyes. Fortunately Cas is more alert and grabs Gabriel, twisting both arms behind his back to hold him.
"Take a breath, brother. I doubt Dean or Castiel care about the venue."
"Wazzit?" he asks.
Cas smiles widely. "Do you think Dean will have fun too?"
Sam spins and stalks away, only to be grabbed by the same blonde girl as before. She may quite possibly lose a hand shortly.
Michael rolls his eyes. "As I was saying-"
"It's because I'm training to be a doctor. It's bad for morale if the doctor panics over every little thing that happens."
"Yeah, he did," Sam admits.
"Dude, when was the last time you slept?" Adam asks curiously.
"Did you slap him?"
"It is! It's negative, Sam! There's nothing in your system!"
Sam nods, rifling in the pocket of his discarded jeans. The phone rings and he bounces anxiously. "This is Dean Winchester. Leave your name, message, and monster- what the f**k do you need, Sammy?" Dean's voice cuts off his automated message as he picks up, sounding grumpy and sleep deprived.
"No, Dad said he would drop us off."
"I'm sorry, Dean. Heaven is already locked. You're stuck here."
"But now everyone knows cuz Dean can't keep his big mouth shut."
"I guess. So, Lilith, white caramel frappucino and straight black for you, Aze, and I'll see you both soon."
"If the next word out of your mouth is 'not', so help me I will slap you." Lucifer's mouth audibly clicks shut. "Now, I will remind you that I am your best friend, and have been since we were in diapers together. Are you really going to lie to me?"
Cas gasps, "God, Dean," as though he can't imagine any other response.
"Flattery has ALWAYS gotten me EVERYWHERE. I don't expect it to fail me now." Sam's feet hit the floor with a crash. "Right. Now that Crowley's here we can get started. I've been looking into how to divide souls more fairly between Heaven and Hell, but I can't figure out the current method. Can someone explain it to me?"
"Yeah, I'm sixteen and five foot six inches now."
"Yes, yes, aren't you a real gentleman? No wonder the ladies love you."
"Oh! That makes sense!"
"Um... But... You do. It wasn't legal."
..............................................................................
Balthazar stops talking, though he offers a tight-lipped smile at Sam. Crowley's hands travel to the collar of Bobby's shirt, playing across his neck as he says, "The answer is no, Moose. You will not be taking Bobby from us to go hunting."
"I can think of some better reasons why I'd like you sweaty," Gabriel intones.
"You're bleeding."
"You keep staring at me."
"Is that legal?"
"It's fine, Lucifer. I trust you. Heal me."
"You have to make car sounds," Dean complains. He yanks the car from Castiel, making motor sounds as he drives the car. Then he hands it back.
"Yes!" Gabriel and Dean insist together.
"Well a few years ago, when I asked about it, you said you didn't really see a purpose in us getting married."
Dean somehow gets his feet beneath him as he flies, landing and immediately sliding like a baseball player, trying to knock Inias off balance. Inias stumbles, but quickly recovers, swinging his sword down. Dean catches his arm and steers clear of the blade, allowing the other angel's momentum to pull him back to his feet.
Michael is 30
"You wanted to end the world and kill my brother!"
"Very. I had no idea Balthazar even knew who his mate was, much less that it was my best friend."
"Okay." Sam's jaw nearly cracks with the force of his yawn, making him say, "I'm going to bed now. Night, Cas."
"Shut it, B***h. Andy told us there was a hellhound, you need help?"
Dean looks relieved, as though Sam has given him a legitimate reason to hate the suit. "Yep, that's it. Too close to the crotch and the thighs."
"That doesn't change the fact that I can't dance!"
Sam plants his feet, balls his fists, and raises his head so he's meeting Lucifer's gaze. "No, you won't."
What they end up doing is reminiscing together, laughing until their sides hurt. They play stupid games and talk like they're normal people who haven't died. Night slips away before either of them realize it, and soon it's time to split up.
..............................................................................
Lucifer untangles himself. "Sam?" he croaks. His voice is hoarse.
once before letting go. "You're not that kind of person."
"That's insanity!" Azazel declares, "But it might just work."
"Yeah," Sam says with false confidence.
Balthazar & Lucifer are 22
"It doesn't have to be like that. You're Sam Winchester, you're brilliant! Learn how to rule Hell and do it! Marry Lucifer and don't let him push you around. He loves you, Sam, as hard as it may be to wrap your head around that concept."
"You wanted to wait until Dean and Cas had the babies, so we didn't steal attention from them."
"Cas!"
"No," Gabriel answers honestly. He crosses over to the dresser and yanks clothes out of it, throwing on the first outfit that comes out. He tugs on the clothes without another word, then says, "Okay, I'm dressed. I promise."
Lucifer says nothing to acknowledge this, so Sam makes eye contact. "Your eyes are beautiful. I never noticed before." He tips his head, staring at him as he says, "I love you."
Dean grunts as he assesses the situation. "Why is Lucifer holding me?"
The other angel goes crashing into a wall, courtesy of a newly reappeared Cas. The angel jumps up and shoves back with his blade, though Cas only allows himself to lose a few feet before he's slashing with the blade again. They meet again and again, neither angel having a clear advantage.
"That's the one, I saw him add something to this boy's drink!" Alistair yells. He's pointing an accusing finger Balthazar's direction, yelling to the owner.
"I don't believe you," Dean says, summoning his angel blade to his hand.
"Michael? The angel I had inside of me, Michael? Brother to Lucifer, that helped torture us both, that Michael?"
Balthazar sighs in relief. "Thank God. Can I see him?"
"You're sure that's not too early?" Michael's asking Cas.
"Excuse me?" The Winchester family looks up to see a few of Balthazar's students gathered around. "Are you Sam's parents?"
"Sam."
Cas frowns uncertainly. "I think... it's downstairs? By the freezer? I ate all your ice cream."
"Bye Uriel!" they all yell in tandem. Sam hangs up the Skype call and shuts the computer down.
"It would be too easy. Sam would already do anything I  asked. I don't want to hurt him."
Dean jumps up without question to follow him. "I kinda figured Dad wouldn't come back."
"Me too, me too!" Crowley insists, so Lucifer smacks him too. Sam sneaks up behind him and jumps on him, so Lucifer sinks dramatically beneath the water.
"They're already starting to swell. I'm going to be thrilled for Christmas break to start in two weeks, just so I can sit down and put my feet up for longer than five minutes at a time."
"Did you guys bet on the gender of the baby?" Cas asks, arms on his swelling hips.
Sam is 12
Sam drops his bag on the floor with a thud. "I can't keep doing this. Mom and Dad are on eggshells with me. Sometimes I hate him, you know?"
"He said so. And I like him! We shared our toys, Mika."
"What do you want?"
Dean takes a deep breath. "She stabbed me."
"You're not too far off with your reasoning, but you veered the wrong direction," Chuck tells him.
"Not you. Lucifer." He holds his arms out like a child.
Sam slides into the chair across from Cas as he hangs up. "Whatcha doin?"
"I didn't realize he was the one you're marrying!"
"When's he coming?"
.........................................................................................
"Be gentle with the moose, Lucifer, you could break him," teases Crowley.
"I have to go up to Maine for Columbus Day weekend," John muses. "Why don't we let the kids go? They can visit with Michael and Lucifer, and you and I can take a vacation to Maine. We can drop them off, and pick them up on the way back. If they stay with Michael, we don't have to worry about him in a hotel. And all those family Alphas will be looking out for Sam, so he'll be much safer than otherwise."
"But will he really kill us?" Claire questions.
"Okay," Sam cuts in, "I think that's enough for now. We have time for more family drama tomorrow."
"Get down here, angel-boy. I'll make you look like one too."
"Well, we'll help you look, won't we Sam?"
"Dean?" Cas' voice snaps Dean out of his reverie, and forest-green eyes snap to meet sky blue. This is familiar. Dean likes this face. He could spend the rest of eternity looking at it. He probably will. He soaks in Cas' expectant expression and that's why it's taking him a second to process that Cas is still speaking. "If you don't mind, I'd like that kiss Jimmy stole from me."
"Who's he up against?"
"Not arrogance if it's true. Give me an angel blade and I'll prove it right now."
"There was a temple built to him in the pass of Thesselia, from men's skulls. He typically rode into war alongside his father and his brother. When the battle between the Olympians and the Titans went down, he was given part of the thunderbolt of the lightning god, according to this website. I'm assuming that's why I've been seeing him as a black cloud with sparks throughout it."
"That's great, Cas!" Sam balls one of the applications and tosses it across the room into the trashcan. "You don't want that one. The campus is sexist toward Omegas. They deny it of course, but you won't get into a medical program with that Board picking."
"Guys!" Sam snaps.
Sam goes statue-still.
Lucifer screams- it feels like hot coals are raking up his leg. He grabs his leg again and hisses. "If Lucifer finds out what you've done, he will kill you," he growls. Then his eyes roll into the back of his head and he collapses.
"You two idjits listen to me. If your father can't accept the two of you, then you just leave him to his stubborn stupidity. The two of you are grown men who have accomplished things your father only dreamed of, and if the worst thing anyone can say about you is that you married a man, you're doing d**m well. And if your father can't accept that, he's dumber than I thought."
"Alright, Winchester. I know this is hard for you. Take a few minutes. Just breathe, alright? Just keep breathing."
"Hello to you too," he snaps.
"We have an idea of where to go. We're heading there."
"Hey Cas," Kevin squeaks in a high-pitched voice.
"Dean and I just walked through the door. We were on a salt and burn." He jumps up and grabs a silver knife from the Impala. Probably a shifter trying to impersonate him, but he grabs iron too just in case.
Too many people are staring at him. "It's not me she was harassing. Ask Lucifer."
"But it makes me feel better," snarls Sam sulkily.
"Duh. Haven't you always wanted to go to the Big Apple? We're on our first date together, and we're about to miss our Broadway show, so come on!"
Cas hums, letting him know he's listening.
Lucifer clearly misunderstands. "Why is that scary? Because if we debated over anything, you know I'd win?"
Everything slows. Lucifer drops like a rock, Michael turns with blazing fire in his eyes, and Sam hears Adam- brave, stupid Adam, newly resurrected from hell just to die again because he beaned Lucifer across the back of the head with a baseball bat- yelp, "Sam, run!"
"Freaking idiot normally isn't how people would describe my brother."
"As alright as we can be," he answers honestly. "Haven't seen everyone for a while, it's a little awkward. Only reunited for a wedding."
Although the demons are organized, it takes a couple well-aimed hits to break them apart. Sam is quick, darting through them and upending cups then darting out of the way. Lucifer rushes in behind them, thrusting more green drinks over them. They're a good team, and between them the entire demon group is smothered in green goop in seconds.
Mary chuckles. "You mean you don't know, with how often he's written to you?"
"Dummy!" Castiel interrupts, thrusting a lego out at Lucifer.
"You're an idiot."
Oh. Oh. Cas wants Cas wants. Dean steps in closer, further into Cas' personal space. His arms slip around Cas' back, tugging him closer still. And then Dean tilts his head down a tiny bit- was Cas always this tall? Dean swears he was at least a foot shorter than him, but then again Jimmy was about as tall as Dean so that's probably not right- and their mouths meet.
"Of course. Haven't you?"
"Then I'll go kill her now."
"But he's a good person!"
"But I do."
"I'm sure." Cas pillows his head on Dean's chest. The last thing he's aware of is Dean's breath puffing on his hair as he drifts off.
"Of course! Was it difficult?"
"Well, that's unfair," Sam states bluntly, which causes every demon to snort.
"I'm sorry."
"Guys!" Bobby calls somewhere in the hotel. "Come quick!"
Sam snorts. "Right. You're not gay, you don't give Cas the 'I want to kiss you face', you don't stammer and stutter when guys compliment you, you have never once turned around to check out a guy's butt-"
"You're not," Dean vows. "We're both here for you."
He shrugs. "Not your fault. I'll take first watch, if you want to rest."
"I think she's sleeping. She's calm."
"I don't know, but I'm willing to wait." Gabriel huffs in response. "Hey Gabe? If what he wants to talk about has anything to do with me, will you let me know?"
"Yeah it should be. Classes are really neat, I'm learning a lot so far. Is this Anna?"
"I don't know. If I was him, the answer would be 'yes definitely.' But I'm not." He turns his head to the side to be sure the wall looks fine. "Anyway, I'm just saying it's something to think about," Balthazar says once he concludes that the wall fine. "Breathe, Sam," he orders as he realizes Sam is panicking.
The redhead stares between them both with a slight smirk. "Hello again, Sam. How's your brother doing?"
Both of them have forgotten Sam, who jumps up and throws himself into Lucifer's arms. Only quick reflexes keep him off the ground. Sam doesn't seem to notice, putting a single finger against his fiance's lips. "Shhhh, you're scaring her. That's not nice."
"Is it bad?" Dean asks, and Cas pauses for just a second too long.
"Omega?" hisses one of the students. "How dare you!"
"I wish you could too."
"I don't like this," Dean says, staring at Sam's body, monitoring the rise and fall of his chest like he expects it to stop at any given second. And perhaps he does, Michael decides. Perhaps that had always been a fear of his.
"You could have told me, you know."
"Dean, are you okay?"
He follows Gabriel, sticking to the shadows as they both go down the basement. Gabriel grabs his blade from the pedestal and turns. "Couldn't sleep, Samshine?" he calls. Sam doesn't answer him. "Shy? That's much different than last night."
"Oh my God, Cas, we're interning with Dr. Prescott!" Meg squeals.
"Sammy!" Dean bursts into the kitchen, setting the door swinging as he slams it open, brandishing the knife.
Within moments, he's got the girl in his arms too. "Claire. Claire Samantha Winchester," Cas states decisively.
Lucifer leads the way to the lobby, tugging Gabriel along with him since he is holding his hand. He meshes seamlessly in with Cas and Dean, looking for all the world like he belongs with them.
"I don't know," Michael answers.
"Hi, Sam," Lucifer coos. He runs his fingers over the baby's downy dark hair, laughing when Sam opens his eyes and grabs his finger. "You're so beautiful."
"Exactly how many people did you fit on these stairs?" Cas demands as Becky comes down next with a camera in hand.
"Leave where, Sam? Where are we?"
"Dean!" Cas says sharply, and Dean's head shoots up to figure out what's wrong. "May I keep going?"
Sam nods and faces front again, refusing to acknowledge his father. He feels a tap, and then Mary's leaning forward. "Dad and I talked last night, and he left. He's not happy, but he's not actively gunning for you anymore. I don't claim that I would make the same decision you did, but I understand why you did it." She kisses his hair and sits directly behind him. After a moment, Sam dangles his hand back, letting it hang. Mary doesn't leave him for long, she takes his hand and tucks it between her knees, squeezing his hand in comfort. "I can't imagine you're any happier about this than I am," Mary observes.
"He tried to kill Bobby. He was already making irrational decisions, and that pushed us over the edge. I had a doctor kill me so I could make a deal with Death to get his soul back. After I played Death for a day, he put Sam's soul back into his body and built a wall in Sam's mind to keep the Hell memories behind so he wouldn't have to remember them. With the time down there, and the power of you and Michael, the memories would have been enough to kill him."
Sam is 17
"I thought I told you no sex in my Baby!" Dean exclaims.
"You and Dean look the same way, buddy," Sam informs him.
"Because I hate Gabriel. I despise Gabriel with all of my being, because he was meant to be a pagan god and instead he betrayed us. He left us all fall to ruin while he prospered as an angel. So I looked for my revenge. And I found it in you. A human, a gloriously weak, wonderfully fearful little human whom Gabriel loved but was so wrapped up in his own fears for the future- well, Sam, when you basically gift-wrapped yourself like that for me, how could I possibly resist? You were so delicious, offering up fear after fear for me. I played them all out, and let myself run rampant again. You made it so easy for me."
