In the end, Moriarty was right. He is weak. Spineless. Ordinary. He is no better than the rest of the masses. His self-hatred only mounts as he climbs the seventeen steps leading up to the flat. He is met with benighted halls and deafening silence.
The food is brought out and quickly devoured. Lestrade finds himself in front full of people to deliver his speech. Greg takes a deep breath and begins: “First of all, I want to congratulate Sherlock and John on their new marriage. We all knew, before your Red Threads appeared, that something was there between the two of you. Sherlock has always been a great man. The smartest guy in any room, the man with all the answers when no answer could be found, but with John Watson, he became more. They thrive together. They work flawlessly together. Sherlock fixed John, and John fixed Sherlock. They complete each other in a way that no one else could.”
“When I asked you to marry me, John, I was terrified that you would say no. As you all know, I am a rude, obnoxious, and an all around arse that you could ever have the misfortune of meeting. The point I’m trying to make is that I know I am hard to live with. I am dismissive of the virtuous and uncomprehending in the face of the happy. So if I didn’t understand that this man could ever want someone like me, it is because I never expected to be anybody’s best friend, let alone anyone’s soulmate, and certainly not the threadmate of the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. John, I am a ridiculous man, redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of your friendship and love. But as I am apparently your best friend and your threadmate, I cannot congratulate you on your choice of a lifelong companion.
(See the end of the chapter for
two years ago.”
“Always, love. I hope you’ll allow me to spend the rest of our lives proving that to you. I am truly sorry. I love you.” With that said, the army doctor lifts a hesitant hand toward Sherlock’s face and softly asks, “May I touch you Sherlock?”
He nods gratefully, takes the medicine, and picks up the squirming toddler demanding his attention by punctuating each waving fist with an insistent, “ Up! Up! Up!” He smiles down at this beautiful little girl as he takes her from a smiling Mrs. Hudson. He gently shushes her as she squeals out peals of laughter as she smacks his face with her chubby, little fingers. He gently reprimands her by explaining that daddy is asleep right now and that they would need to be very quiet in order for John to get some much needed rest. She only giggles softly and nods as if she understands completely as she puts a small finger against his lips and says, “Shhh.”
More notes at the end of Chapter.
“Mycroft—.” Whatever John was about to say was cut short by a nurse’s arrival. She walked up the British Government and blogger, gave a small smile, and looks down at her clipboard, “Family of Sherlock Holmes?”
The two pairs of threadmates each climb into one of Mycroft’s cars and then they are whisked away to the Register’s office. When they finally arrive, the four men walk into the building. The ceremony was performed by a civil Marriage Officer, a professional looking man with a kind smile, and after all the correct paper work was filed, the proceedings were finished off with a loving kiss shared by the enamored pair.
John holds his breath as he waits for an answer. Silence and the disconcerting blinking from before returns full force as the Consulting Detective tries to desperately understand what John is implying. Cupid bowed lips open once as if he is about to reply, but his mouth closes as the rapid blinking continues. John doesn’t say anything. The small smile never leaves John’s face as he sits silently waiting for the detective to process the turn of events. After what feels like an eternity has passed, Sherlock finally speaks, “So…you mean to say, that is, you’re happy here—.”
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
” Sentiment is a contender on the losing side. ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
be a trick. It
Sherlock only had to wait for about ten minutes before another text was received, telling him that the car was parked outside. Sherlock grabs his coat and trade-mark scarf before making his way to the door. There, he hesitates only momentarily before calling up the stairs to John room informing him that he would be back shortly. When no reply came, he was out the door thundering down the stairs before slamming the other door on the ground level. He was in the car his brother had sent him in only a matter of minutes. This is one of the only few times Sherlock can remember being thrilled to see his brother.
John blinks, taken aback by Sherlock's willingness to talk about
In July of that same year, the leader of the activists achieved over 100,000 signatures on their petition to remove and destroy every model and prototype of the Pathos Eradicator, begrudgingly, the company agreed with their demands and the Pathos Eradicator was destroyed. However, in retaliation, violence erupted when members of the Pathogens staff lashed out against one of the campaigners. This resulted in a drastic change. The carnage was devastating. Millions of people were murdered and many more perished when an explosion was detonated inside of Pathogens. Years of research destroyed. Thousands of lives lost. Nevertheless, the machines were finally gone.
Oh…Not Sherlock, but finally! Excitement! Adventure! At this point, anything to get life to have some vibrancy again is preferred. As he steps into the synthetic emotion den, he successfully and quickly overpowers a user. He leaves him lying on the floor and continues his search for Kate’s son. When he finally finds the younger man, he gently ushers him outside to his awaiting wife. It wasn’t until he hears a quiet, “Did you come for me too?” that he instantly freezes. He slowly turns toward the familiar baritone voice and discovers the consulting detective looking filthy while sporting a lazy grin as he gazes blearily up at his dear friend.
Sherlock surprises John though, by taking over the kiss. He finds himself pushed up against the nearest wall with a lanky detective pressed up against him. The kiss, which started slow and chaste, has now transformed into a hot, and passionate one conveying need and lust. When they break apart for air this time, Sherlock doesn't go far. They are only inches apart, foreheads pressed together, sharing air and small smiles."John, I want to know...I mean, would you want to...that is…come to bed with me?" Sherlock finishes his rambling with a dark red blush and averted eyes.
John is so unhappy. Just let them be happy. As a fanfiction writer I can do that! And, you may be happy to know that Love is close at hand. Like, next chapter just ahead. *coughs* As always, happy reading!
"Mike, may I borrow your phone? There's no service on mine." Sherlock doesn't expect to be granted access, and sure enough, Mike makes a show of checking his pockets before declining with a lame excess of not having it on him. Though, he is surprised when the unimposing stranger steps forward and offers his own. Sherlock takes the device and quickly sends out a text and hands it back to him but not before he can deduce all the secrets the object holds.
When Sherlock finally frees John from the constricting embrace, he settles down against the pillows and closes his eyes and breathes a sigh of contentment. John goes to pull a chair beside the bed until Sherlock lunges forward, and grabs hold of John's wrist. "No! You can't leave! I've just got you back! I fought so hard to get you back! Don't leave me now. Please…" To John's utter horror, Sherlock's eyes well up with tears.
he thinks, '
Sherlock seems to take this as encouragement and begins to undulate slowly against his soul mate. John can feel Sherlock's clothed erection push the fabric of his own pants between his cheeks and it rubs tantalizingly against his entrance. This does nothing for John's libido and his resistance begins to wane. He allows one hand to wander down to his own tented shorts and he begins to slowly stroke his aching length. "John!" Another moaning sigh comes from the, usually composed, detective in gasping pants. This snaps the blogger out of his own reverie until he redoubles his efforts in waking his soulmate.
That’s how Sherlock finds John. He’s sitting on the hardwood floors of Baker Street muttering to himself as he attacks each tangled knot with more venom than is specifically required. Out of John’s line of vision, he allows worry and sadness to overtake his angular features at his friend’s obvious anger and distress. He quickly wipes his face clean of any emotion, places an indifferent mask on his face, and only then he states, “The answer is no.”
You hold your head high and appear so strong,
His grip tightens on his gun and he reaffirms his aim, but Mary laughs—without noticing that Sherlock is awake—scornfully proclaims, “Oh, please, John. We both know you won’t hurt me. Your darling little wife, remember?” John snarls out, “My wife? Oh, but you were never really that, were you? I was a pawn. You used me to get to Sherlock. Mary Morstan never existed.”
The ebony haired man tries to turn away, but John’s hand against the other man’s cheek effectively keeps angular features in place as he asks, “Please?” Sherlock wrestles with something and drops his eyes to look at anything other than the army doctor as he haltingly says, “You aren’t going to leave?” The army doctor’s heart breaks for the amateur sleuth and guilt once again rushes through him as he realizes he is the cause of it, “Of course I won’t, love. I will always stay with you.” Here he pauses momentarily and then tentatively says, “If you’ll have me, that is.”
"I need an ambulance at 221B Baker Street at once! My friend is hurt and needs medical attention at once!" He waits, listens to the reply from the reassuring dispatcher that promises a quick arrival, and responds with a choked out, "Hurry!"
. Her body then falls forward and stills.
So you let them believe the lie.
But his love recoils away, as if badly burned.
Sebastian was never one to let things go. He had hated Sherlock from the beginning of their time at Uni.   He had been able to avoid repercussions until a cold morning in January which resulted in a blackened eye, bruised ribs, and twisted right ankle after Sherlock had ‘forgotten his place’. The taunting seemed to increase after Sebastian started spouting off lies about Sherlock’s intended. “Sherlock has met his bonded mate and they were so disgusted by his appearance they had found a better acquaintance.” or, “The reason Sherlock is threadless is because he never had a mate to begin with! When he was born, it was decided that he would never have a mate because he is too undeserving.” Sherlock could pretend that their taunts didn’t mean anything but he wondered himself if their words had some truths to them.
John is tired of living as if he is balanced upon a scale. Sometimes it's as if Sherlock absolutely loathes his existence. At those moments the scale topples over and John hangs precariously on the edge. Then Sherlock would say something sentimental like, "I don't have friends. I've just got one." Of course the scale would then tip in John's favor. He, then, would feel as his portion of the scale surpasses the other in soaring heights. He could touch the stars.
As dawn breaks, a warrant for Geoffrey Watson’s arrest is issued immediately, and his children are being escorted to a relative’s house to stay until they can find a more stable home. As expected, the police found Mr. Watson at a local bar drinking his money and life away. Mr. Watson was found guilty a year later and he is expected to serve up to ten years with the possibility of parole after five. Eventually, they managed to secure a permanent home with their mother’s sister, and were quite happy for four years. The siblings eventually set out to seek their own fortune, bid each other luck, and part ways joyfully.
When he had finally became aware of his surroundings again, he thought he had saw a striking red thread burning brightly against his tan skin. He sat up, followed the '
They remain like that for a few moments longer. Sherlock finally allowing himself to relax in the other man’s arms until he stiffens once more when a thought comes to mind. He pulls back slightly to look at his dear friend with a troubled expression that darkens Sherlock’s handsome features as he asks, “But John, what about Mary? The baby? I suspect your marriage will become increasingly complicated if you are not present.”
. Just be happy.”
She groans in disappointment and anger as she bellows out, “No, no, no,
. No one has anything on me! I’ve left you enough clues and you
' With an answering nod, the dark headed sleuth is gone, leaving John on the sidewalk with a intoxicated Harry bemoaning about her woes.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
He must get out of here. He needs to get away before he does something incredibly stupid like punch the detective in the face or hug him tightly until he finds out what is wrong because he
, only smirks and then proceeds tells Sherlock that his mate is John. If he didn't have control over his facial features, he would have grimaced and blushed. The detective then lashes out in his embarrassment, due to showing his heart to his insufferable older brother. The British government then tells Sherlock that John has moved out of Baker Street and has 'moved on' with his life. That stops Sherlock for a moment, but no matter, when John sees Sherlock he'll move back in and everything will be like it was before.
Special thanks to:
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of voilence (off screen?) and disfigurement (all of these are just to be safe. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please).
friend and his name is John Hamish Watson.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Sherlock turns excited eyes toward his bemused soulmate. The excited detective’s face lights up as he explains the tours they would be taking and of a crime that he had been keeping an eye on. As he finished his eager speech, he realizes that honeymoons are about relaxing and sex. While Sherlock smiles at the last thought (having decided he is quite ready to give himself fully to his husband) but fidgets anxiously as he comes to the conclusion that going to crime scenes would be far from relaxing.
“I tried to do what's right by you. You wanted space, I gave you that. You wanted me to be your best man, and I gave you that, too. I know that my return was a bit...sudden and unexpected. I did not intend to cause you any more pain or unnecessary grief. Despite what you may believe, John, I am only a human. I can only do so much. I’m not a hero. I’m selfish, rude, and generally an obnoxious arsehole. That’s why I need you to go back to her. Go back to Mary. I can't do it all on my own. So, please, go and be happy. I’ve caused you enough grief.”
Warnings: self-harm, mentions of suicide attempt, mentions of drug use (previous chapters), Johnlock, but not heavy Johnlock (it's established, but affection only really comes into play at the very end of the entire fan fiction), Unbeta'd, I wrote this because I really wanted to write some deep angst, and I'm not British
John's face lights up at the small declaration and then proceeds to draw Sherlock into a sweet kiss. When they separate, John tightens his hold on Sherlock's hand briefly before leading him to Sherlock's room. "Then let's go."
As they stepped through the threshold together, (Sherlock, then closely followed by John) they looked around and noticed Mycroft had kept his word. John's possessions now fill the empty crevices that were once conspicuous and mocked Sherlock, every time he viewed the bare places. John knows that without having to look, that each and every item would be in its proper place.
This particular case ends with an explosion and a quick, reflexive move on John's part that plunges both, blogger and detective, into the icy waters of the pool. When both heads resurfaced, all that remained on the scene was blackened scorch marks and bits of debris floating in the water.
?' or '
"Are you mocking me? Is that it? Let's play with Sherlock's feelings! He can't possibly care!" Sherlock says as he quickly stands, " He doesn't have a heart! After all he is threadless. Even his soul mate didn't want him! Sherlock doesn't have feelings! Who could possibly
. Admittedly, he could not hear anything beyond John’s retreating footsteps and the closing door before his mind unhelpfully started screaming at him, ‘
.” She takes the syringe with the clear liquid and brandishes it for Sherlock to see as she continues, “Now, let’s take a nice nap as I call your precious John.”
Still, that hope--the damnable hope--is enough to push rational thought aside. If Sherlock
The tears seemed to be endless as they kept falling from John's eyes. Sherlock's brow furrows as he contemplates John's obvious distress. '
Fortunately for John, Sherlock is rather distracted as he mutters something along the lines of ‘
Sherlock had always been a quick study and soon he was copying the slow pace John had set. When Sherlock's movements became more confident, John slowly sucked and nibbled on his full lower lip. Sherlock gasps in surprise and John is granted access.
"John!" the heavily medicated, detective giggled (had he been thinking rationally, Sherlock would have scolded himself and would have been appalled by that fact, and then would adamantly deny such an abominable noise had ever occurred). How could he ever forget about lovely, wonderful, dependent John?!
Agony and Anguish are accurate words to describe how he’s feeling right now. Having to hear John verbalize his devotion to Mary was torture, but to watch John waltz and spin Mary around the room during their wedding waltz was slowly killing him. And he was jealous. Oh, how he was jealous. Sherlock wishes more than anything that he was the one dancing with John. He loves to dance.
. Love is a dangerous disadvantage, dear. Surprise! Guess what?! You’ve lost! Game over! I won!” Her smile morphs into a dark snarl as she continues, “We could’ve been something great, but you chose John Watson You
.’ As John made his way to the breadbox, he checked the empty container only to remember that he had made the last piece of toast yesterday. The blogger’s patience, which had long since been exhausted, finally snapped as Sherlock made his way down the stairs, only in their sheet, and over to the couch to bemoan loudly that he was bored.
you!"
"I just want you to know" John whispers into dark curls, "that if you ever feel the way like you had before, you can come and talk to me. I never want to know of a time that you feel as if you can't confide in me. No matter what happens, I'll love you forever, but you can't do that to me again. You'll be the death of me."
Today fucked me up. I didn't want to watch the episode and I didn't watch the episode. I will NOT watch the episode. However, I am reading all the fluffiest fanfiction, I am listening to all the happy music, and I am posting a happy-ish chapter for you. They meet and I PROMISE you, they love each other. I am still part of the TJLC community, and I will forever be so. We are important, we are valid, how we feel is important, and we are a family. We are a community of people who believe in love and acceptance and I am forever grateful to meet you all. Thank you for seven years of love.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
John stares at him owlishly for a moment before a goofy grin appears on his face and he snorts, "No your not." Sherlock started to squirm away but John tightens his hold. "Hey! Hey, hey.. It's ok... What's wrong?" Sherlock blinks down at him and sags into his embrace as Sherlock quietly begins to speak.
I know I’ve screwed up, but I love him. I just want to make it right.” The elder man sneers at the word. “
and they make a silent decision to leave.
The front door closes and both men's heads snap to the flat's entrance. Sherlock scrambles for a hiding place for the rings and finally stuffs them into the skull's eye sockets. The detective has just enough time to lay down on the couch before the flat door opens revealing the jumper clad doctor, arms heavy ladened with many bags of groceries. John nods his head in Mycroft's general direction, and then walks back into the kitchen to make another cup of tea. Mycroft then takes this as a cue to leave but not before cryptically saying, "Everything has been set into motion. When you are ready, the facility will be at your disposal." After a nod from the ebony haired man, Mycroft departs.
He races out his door with tears in his eyes,
Sherlock's features have shut down completely. His shoulders are slightly slumped over and his frame sagging. His face is devoid of all emotion or feeling as each word is said. He doesn't say anything and lets them continue on with their bullying.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. I just love him to pieces and torment him mercilessly.
"Nothing can stay hidden forever, no matter how much it is wished, because just two months later John became aware of Sherlock's dark past."
Sherlock stands from where he lay sprawled out across the sofa, to stand in front of John. "I agree. We should settle this estrangement between us."
(See the end of the chapter for
John exits the bed for a moment only to return with a wet flannel in order to clean both of them up. When he is finished he tosses the flannel onto the floor and curls up beside a contented Sherlock. Sherlock turns onto his side and buries his face into the crook of John's neck. The blogger drags the satisfied detective closer and wraps his arms around a thin waist.
A week passes and the rest of the belongings are packed.
Mary and John don’t talk about it. She leaves him to his thoughts and doesn’t say a word when he rises early the next morning to go to Baker Street to yell at the infuriating man some more. However, when he arrives at his old flat, he is met with the sight of Sherlock and Janine kissing
"What the hell is that?!"
, before he draws in a breath to begin. "Sherlock, I realize-" but before John can finish, Sherlock holds up a hand as if to silence him. "Before you can spout off any idiotic notions, I will state this as frank as I can. These past few months now, I have become aware of a problematic disparity in the way we feel about one another."
But as the luggage is gathered his former love takes in the man's gaunt face,
ignoring John, he would have to admit, if only to himself, that John could possibly get that idea due to Sherlock’s lack of appearances. Sherlock knew John’s nightmares are back. The walls were terribly thin and John’s room was directly above his. It wasn’t a hard thing to deduce, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care at the moment.
The blogger laughs at the detective’s affronted expression when they read the text. John couldn’t care though, that Mycroft has decided to intervene, he was just happy that he would be able to finally go home.
John’s eyes snap open as Rosie lets out a loud shriek. He scrambles out of bed and he is down the stairs in seconds only to find his little girl with her head thrown back, giggling madly as Sherlock pretends to be a dragon destroying the stacked blocks in front of him. With a deep, rumbling roar, and bared teeth, he pretends to breath fire and flap imaginary wings all for Rosie’s enjoyment. Before John can stop himself, his own quieter laughter joins in.
Never to show what you've been through.
"Yes, and I believe that I should mention now, that I know about your feelings for me, and what they entell. I may not currently understand what I have done to deserve these feelings, but with time, I am sure that the emotion will become clear. As you have previously stated, I have not felt that way about anyone
Under the detective’s scrutinizing gaze, John fidgets and drops his own gaze to the floor, “I just…want to make up for yesterday, love. I never meant to hurt you. I just love you so much and I never meant to make you feel as though I’m ashamed of you. I’m so proud of you. You’re so smart and generous and compassionate. You love me for me—scars and all—and I don’t deserve you, so I want to show you that you are my entire world.” John moves from his position on the bed and crawls over to his soulmate and straddles his thighs, “So, please, let me make this up to you, my love.” The good doctor kisses his detective sweetly, “Please let me show you how much I adore you.”
Years had gone by and he is now eighteen. He has still not found his love, so he decides to become a soldier in order to pay for university and the obvious other reasons (God, Queen and Country). He has his things packed and says a goodbye to his crying mother and proud father. Harry is out somewhere, most likely sloshed, at a party or a pub, so a ‘touching goodbye’ would have to wait. He gathers his things and walks into the airport terminal, looks back on more time, takes everything in for a moment or two, turns, and then proceeds to board his plane.
“John, please hurry. They’re coming for us. Sherlock’s hurt, and we need backup as soon as possible.” The man in question immediately drops his duffel bag and begins gathering a few bandages that he quickly stuffs into his coat pocket as he anxiously asks, “Mary where are you? What do you see?”
When both men shake their heads Grace informs the two men that she will be making her rounds to her other patients, but not to hesitate to find another nurse or the nursing station if they have any questions. With an assurance to do so, Grace leaves the two men alone.
ccwritessometimes
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely wonderful and helpful beta, and the ever so lovely Ariane DeVere (Linke here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/) for creating such a wonderful transcript to go by. I appreciate both of these lovely human beings.
John suddenly finds a moment of clarity, ‘
The Consulting Detective rolls his eyes, but eventually states, “John, really, she’s your wife. She’ll do something to gain your trust again. You can’t stay mad at her forever. You’re going to have a baby. You’re going to have to forgive her eventually, for your child, if nothing else.” The older man’s blood burns through his veins as Sherlock remains impassive, apathetic, and imperious when he has no idea what he is talking about.
John wipes his eyes on his jumper, stands up, and watches as Sherlock clambers his way up. When they stand face to face, John pulls him in for a hug. The sleuth melts into the familiar embrace only briefly until the blogger is gone and is replaced with a quiet click of the front door. The hug, although brief, had told Sherlock enough to know that he was not completely forgiven. There were still many things that needed to be settled between the two.
He still doesn’t know how he’s made it to 38. His flat is too small and dismal at best. With an army pension, one can’t afford London. His life is so dull and grey. Cleaning his gun used to be a mandatory, quick affair, but now he finds himself lingering. His thoughts drift to darker areas, and putting the gun back in his desk drawer gets harder and harder every day. His therapist wants him to start a blog, but, really, ‘
pleased).
he decided with a determined nod.
, a machine. Sebastian’s right. You have to put up with a grown man who frequently acts like a child. It’s more than anyone should have to bear. I’m not good enough. You are good, decent, and kind. I will never be enough, John.”
John draws in a shaky breath and breathes out, "You're right. Of course you're right. You've always been able to see through me."
He holds her close and hugs her tightly as a small smile spreads across his face. He shuts his eyes to savor the moment just a little bit longer as she continues to softly giggle against his ear. He re-opens his eyes and as he goes to look at his young daughter, he catches a glimpse of Sherlock just over her shoulder, smiling softly at the scene playing out in front of him. His verdigris eyes look on with so much adoration and love, but it still feels bittersweet. The same sadness from before is evidently there.
It was finally time for detective and blogger to leave, Sherlock was a bundle of excited energy. Considering that the armature sleuth had been cooped up in the flat for 33 days, John couldn't fault or berate the man before him, for irrelevant things like 'timing' or 'having glee' at a crime scene. In fact, John had to smile at his childlike enthusiasm. When the dark moods had set in, smiles and laughter had taken a back seat to brooding and despondent glaring.
When the cab pulls up to the unimposing flat John is left to pay the fare, like always, and the dynamic duo is met with flashing blue and red lights. Detective Inspector Lestrade stands off to the side, arms crossed over his chest, waiting for the pair to arrive.
You fought for so long,
A man without a heart.
her, John! All on my own. I just… I get so fucking angry sometimes. She
Instead of answering John sits up slightly and reaches for Sherlock's marred arm and tenderly begins kissing each disfigured mark. Sherlock's eyes widen as he realizes that, 'This is his way of forgiving me.' When John had finished with that arm he goes on to the next, repeating the process until his lips travel upward, across his chest, up the side of his neck and finally makes a stop on full cupid-bowed lips. After several loving kisses are shared John draws back until he can look into bright eyes and he can whisper, "I know, love." With a final kiss, they lay facing each other with only an inch separating the two. Before sleep can claim either party, Sherlock quietly whispers, "Thank you John. I love you."
Warnings: self-harm, mentions of suicide attempt, mentions of drug use, Johnlock, but not heavy Johnlock (it's established, but affection only really comes into play at the very end of the entire fan fiction), Unbeta'd, I wrote this because I really wanted to write some deep angst, and I'm not British
Anger, sadness, grief, confusion, and fear…wouldn’t it be easier if no one had to live with any of these emotions? Wouldn’t life be so much better if no one could feel anything at all? Even joy eventually turns to sadness. Why would anyone voluntarily submit themselves to unnecessary heartache and pain? These simple questions and statements started it all. Soon, millions of people began to question the need for emotions.
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice, and all my reviewers and commenters. You guys seriously make my day! :D
Okay, so this chapter took a long time to publish because I went on a bit of a holiday. I met wonderful people, but a three day trip that was supposed to make my rapidly deepening and alarming depression slightly better, only made everything worse and my anxiety a thousand times worse than it already was. I'm not in a good place, so both of these things made updating a slow, slow process.
With a irritated huff, the consulting detective turns, sits up, and glares up at John. "Why does what we have need a label? Why can't we just be and forget about the rest? I...care about you, and I believe you care about me. Why not just let it be?"
“I’ll never get tired of hearing that.” John smiles briefly before diverting his eyes to ask, “Oh, by the way, do you have anything on today?” The detective tilts his head in consideration before saying, “No. I don’t think so. There are no cases on, the wedding details have been finalized, and I have no experiments in a critical state at this time.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow slightly, “Why?”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. I just love him to pieces and torment him mercilessly.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock! Why didn't I think of that before!?" John laughs humorlessly and bitterly to himself, "And while I'm at it, I'll just hide away in my 'mind palace' and pretend that nobody matters either! Oh wait, you already do that don't you? I don't want to steal your thunder. After all, the
They both climb the stairs in silence and that continues until each occupant has stepped foot into their beloved home. Sherlock turns slowly to John with lugubrious eyes before asking, "What's wrong with me? What have I done? I've only ever been myself, isn't that good enough? Why do so many people hate me?"
John nodded his head seriously, as if he understood every small detail and would commit it to memory. Although he was only five, he somehow knew that he would meet his love one day.
More notes at the end of Chapter.
Sherlock has no idea what to expect from the evening, so he puts on his tight purple shirt and tailored, black trousers. John, on the other hand, wears a black, well-fitted shirt that shows off his still defined muscles and a pair of nice jeans. When the doctor and detective present what they are wearing to the other, two pairs of eyes dilate while mentally undressing the other and a shared gasp is uttered. John is the first to speak as he breathlessly says, “God, love. You look gorgeous.” When Sherlock hears the way his blogger speaks these words, he blushes and says, “Thank you, John. You look very handsome.”
Sherlock and John plan their reception party.
She seems to swallow thickly before haughtily continuing with, “So…What now?” John exhales loudly, “Actually, I wanted to talk to you about that.” He steels himself briefly as the image of a distressed consulting detective comes to mind, but his mind blanks over and as a small smile splays across his tanned face in the freedom he finds with his decision.
In one fleeting moment, Sherlock could have sworn he had seen a crimson, fiery flash of color amongst the blurred images just before he became unconscious.
After a few hours, or maybe it was only several minutes, a looming figure slowly approaches the amateur detective. The man says nothing, but he smugly smiles at the detective’s anguished appearance before he passes a bag filled with a white substance of the 7% variety. The ebony haired man all but throws the money at the man as he flees the darkened alleyway.
When Sherlock was at the delicate age of six, his parents sat him down and told him about soul bounding, and the vital red threads. When the talk was over Sherlock asked a single condemning question, “Why can’t I see mine?” At the time the question was just laughed off, but he would later struggle with the same question years later during a time when all of his other classmates had threads and he did not.
world! The doctors should have realized how brilliant he was due to his extensive knowledge in cigarette ash and soil samples, but these '
John wasn't embarrassed by his love, he was in fact mostly very proud, but he could do without the agitated whispers coming from the other nurses and staff members. So, when they finally returned home, both blogger and detective breathed a collective sigh of relief. The doctor told both men that the healing process would take three to four weeks and during that time Sherlock couldn't do any strenuous activity, he would have to drink plenty of fluids, get plenty of sleep, and eat a healthy diet. Sherlock ignored the doctor but John nodded his head diligently, already planning out dietary plans and rest schedules that will most likely be ignored by the wounded sleuth.
When the besotted blogger finishes, he leans up to press a sweet kiss against the detective’s plush lips. The amateur sleuth returns the kiss and after a moment gently whispers against his doctor’s mouth, “I love you too, John.”
Over 28 million people donated their emotions by participating in Dr. Goode’s Pathos Eradicator, emotional extraction process. Despite Dr. Goode’s assurance that there would be no repercussions in this experiment, we at Pathogens Incorporated regret to inform you that the emotions, that were only supposed to be temporarily unavailable, are now lost. The black pill capsules, otherwise known of lanthoszine, that were given to participating donors were supposed to reverse the abstraction process, regrettably, had the opposite effect.
When the dynamic duo arrives at the crime scene, they are met with flashing blue and red lights. Sergeant Donovan snarls at Sherlock but begrudgingly lifts the tape for the two men. As soon as Sherlock steps foot into the small room, he effortlessly locates the scene of the crime, which just so happens to be a dimly lit, homely bathroom with beige walls, an earth toned bathmat on the floor, a large tub, a toilet beside the door, and two sinks that take up one side of the room. Lestrade meets the pair and begins debriefing them on the victim, Brian Barkley, but Sherlock tunes him out. Unlike he would normally do, Sherlock forgoes the body in order to walk over to the bathroom counter. There on the counter sits a broken razor with the blade separated from the rest of the debris. On the blade, in a small hole that would connect the screw to the razor, unseen by the rest of the populace there, Sherlock noticed specks of dried blood, which were hastily wiped away to avoid detection.
Trigger Warnings for this chapter: character death, Child Abuse, Homophobic Language, mentions of suicide, mentions of drug use (sorta? It's hard to know what to tag with this thing, to be honest)
They may scorn and pass you by,
If Mycroft hadn't seen Sherlock's depreciated demeanor he would have accused Sherlock of trying to deceive him, but here before him was the once proud consulting detective finally learning to bare his heart and let others in. Mycroft might have been known as the iceman but his heart was not cold and unused. He would never tease his younger brother when he knew it was something truly important to him.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
' and sinks the knife in.
"You don't earn it. You can't. I don't love you for some small iota of worth. I don't suffer through your flaws but I won't pretend you don't have any. We both aren't perfect but we are perfect for each other. I love you, dark moods and all. That's all that really matters in the end." When John finishes, he reaches up and wipes away the tears falling from verdigris eyes, gives him a kiss, and then pulls Sherlock closer until they fit snugly together, hugging and cuddling closely.
John seems to have been lost in thought until a jarring motion brings him back to the white hospital room. "Let. Me.
Any reply from John would go unnoticed. Behind Sherlock comes an angry huff and loud footsteps that approach the door. "Good. I can't
staff members and the rest spent with a
Before Sherlock, John’s life had been missing something. Everything was dull, life was grey, and nothing had true meaning. Then, suddenly, the unprepared ex-army doctor met this whirlwind of a detective who turned his life upside down. Everything was brighter, life was exciting, and he felt as if he could finally breathe. When the detective fell, John had no reason to live. Life was once again so meaningless, but after two long years of separation, Sherlock came back, and after time had past and anger spent, the all-encompassing sense of joy enveloped John along with the idea that he could finally be with his threadmate for forever.
—.’ But of course, John’s voice breaks the self-hatred and causes him to freeze because that means that he’s been caught in his
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Mycroft gets Sherlock involved with the DI Lestrade and gets Sherlock into solving cases. This seems to be the best medicine for Sherlock and he now is generally happy. He does suffer from 'dark moods' but things seem to be going well for Sherlock. He has balance to his life and now has a
. With Sherlock’s exclamations, there’s no way that John will take his words platonically. Of
He had been missing for three days now. Nothing in the flat had been moved, but John had discovered, upon returning to the flat, a few changes. The microwave had been scoured and cleaned of all experiments, case files no longer littered the floor, and milk and bread were now stocked inside their respective places. John had tried and failed many times to contact Sherlock, to find some way to apologize, to somehow make this right, but no calls were going through. Three days, and there was still no sign of Sherlock. ‘
-M Theory
After what seems like an eternity to John, Sherlock’s eyes clear and they’ve lost the hollowed look from before. “Do you really mean that?”
Here Greg pauses for a moment and then says, “Many of you know that I’ve been a part of the Holmes family for a long time. I remember the first time I met Sherlock. He was a pompous git who read me in seconds. I will admit that I didn’t like him at first. But he has this ability to make you care about his well being despite all of that. He quickly became the brother I never knew I wanted.” Sherlock smiles and Lestrade continues, “John, when he met you I was so relieved. I thought to myself, ‘Finally, someone who understands,’ because no one outside of the Holmes family would try, but then you came limping in and I’ve never seen him happier.”
John stares at Sherlock’s curled up body sitting rigidly clutching tightly to John’s signature Union Jack pillow. For once, the blogger stares at the obviously miserable detective and actually
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Hopefully we'll have the next one out for you saturday! My beta and I have different timezones, so it get's a little complicated. :p Anyway! Happy reading!
thoughts, he would reluctantly describe this as bliss. '
“You love him? Oh please. You have only hurt him since the moment he returned. I
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
"I love you too."
John hears a soft sigh and he could swear that he feels just the barest hint of a kiss against his greying hair before a soft, “I missed you,” reaches John’s ears.
'He says instead though, "I doubt I'd ever get married. The promise of forever is just a delusional attempt to strengthen a promise that many individuals do not intend to keep."
Communication between the two had become stilted and awkward because John no longer knew what to say and Sherlock didn't know how to fix the barrier between them. John still lives in a cramped flat on the other side of London but will join Sherlock for the occasional case. This particular case, three months after Sherlock's return, was at least a seven and the excited detective wanted his loyal blogger by his side. Unfortunately, said loyal blogger was currently at work.
His army pension wouldn't be enough for him to rent a nice flat so, he made do. He lived in a broken down, plain flat in one of the worst parts of London. He would go on dates but he would never call them back. He would date the person, fellow people who didn't have a soul partner, until she or he began talking about love and would quickly cut all ties from them. He no longer believed in love, so what was the point?
The days will continue onward, and even though they will still fight.
The first two weeks had been going well. Sherlock had had the cold cases and a humanoid head tucked away in the freezer to experiment on. Unfortunately, for the detective and blogger, the cases had quickly been solved and the head was only entertaining for a few short hours. The last two remaining weeks had been filled with a disgruntled raven haired man that declared loudly and profusely that he was "
Sherlock barely conceals a scowl and bites out, "Of course I'm right. Any idiot would be able to see-" Before Sherlock could finish his tirade, John has stepped forward and has closed in on the remaining space between them. A pair of shocked eyes glance down at the smiling army doctor briefly before closing completely, when thin lips meet his own.
’ whatever the hell that means. Sherlock quickly jumps tracks and begins talking rapidly about Charles Augustus Magnussen. John’s still stuck on the girlfriend thing. The former blogger would love to question Sherlock further about Janine and the extent of their relationship, but it is in that moment Magnussen makes an appearance at 221B Baker Street.
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Johnlock slash (M rating), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
When the door finally opens, Lestrade come barreling in with a seemingly, newfound energy as he boisterously proclaims, “So, chaps, I hope you’re ready for a night out because I plan to give you a night to remember!” Lestrade’s energetic smile quickly becomes contagious as it spreads to John’s face. The loyal blogger looks up at his threadmate and joyfully declares, “Allons-y!”
Sherlock sat for a moment but shook his head furiously, "No, that won't do, John and I visit Angelo's regularly. I want this to be special." Mycroft looks at his younger brother before saying, "This actually means something to you. Why do you care so much? You've never gotten involved with this sort of thing before."
Sherlock’s face morphs throughout John’s speech from the utter heartbreak over John’s obvious distress at having him gone, to utter confusion. He looks at John and the older man’s heart breaks when he notices that this once self-assured man could look so lost. Taking pity on the childlike man, John gently squeezes the digits wrapped tightly within his own before a warm smile spreads across his face as he gently states, “I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock. I plan to stay here with you for as long as you’ll have me.”
That’s what this is, isn't it? Sherlock loves him. He is willing to lose everything for John...because he
that I was right. I had read so much meta and watched so many videos on the topic, taht it was only solidifed for me. I thought that's where the story was heading for season 4 and that's why I posted what I did in chapter 1 (2?). I wanted to have bragging rights (in a sense) for calling it. Haha... That's not where season 4 went. I am still very salty about it. I hate Mary. I despise her. If you meet me in person, I will tell you how much I hate her for all the shit she did. I can talk about it for hours and I become infuriated. It's bad. I still despise the fact that they tried to redeem her. You don't know how much it PAINED me to write Mary as a nice, sweet lady. She is not. She is awful.
and proceeded to use the excuse for the remainder of the night.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. I just love him to pieces and torment him mercilessly.
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice.
"Why should I stay" is uttered coldly and bitterly.
Mycroft looks down his nose at the other man and sneers, “Ah. I see you’ve finally realized the damage you have caused. Did you know that is how he views himself? As a machine and a freak? He finally allowed himself to fall in love with you. After Moriarty and Mary, he didn’t think that would be an option for him. He wanted so desperately for you to be different. He wanted to prove everyone wrong, but in the end it didn’t really matter, did it? You were just like everyone else.”
Happiness finally finds our boys
T.W. for this chapter: violence, character death, bullying, drug use(?),
to 221B. He pretends that he didn't drive John away and that he is just taking a shower or sleeping in his room. One can only pretend for so long.
John stares fixedly at Sherlock's face. To Sherlock, it looks as if John is trying to gauge his wounds or memorize his face. Sherlock doesn't think he has ever felt more vulnerable. When their eyes meet John closes his eyes and visibly starts to shake. He sinks into the chair that is placed conveniently next to the bed and places his head in his hands.
Right before the door closes behind the lanky man, Sherlock looks over his shoulder, his smile turning softer as he gently declares, “Goodnight, Jawn. I love you,” and then he is gone. The door closes before John can say or do anything but stare at the wooden barrier.
news reporters.
When John finally stops laughing, they stare at each not knowing what to do or what to say to the other. A shouted, “Papa,” causes both men to jump in alarm, but it does cause some of the tension to dissipate as little Rosie runs to John in demands to be picked up. He hoists his little one in the air and she giggles as John brings her back down to cuddle her against his broad chest.
As the three of them shuffle into Sherlock’s private room (no doubt due to Mycroft’s influence), John felt his knees weaken when he finally lays eyes on the sleeping detective. Mycroft uncharacteristically lets relief overwhelm his facial features as he walks forward and lays a gentle hand on top of the younger brother’s head. He bends down and whispers something to the younger man that John cannot hear, and smiles when Sherlock unconsciously leans into his brother’s touch. The nurse breaks the moment as she softly clears her throat. Mycroft inclines his head as if to signal the others to follow him out into the hall so as to not disturb Sherlock. When they are away from the detective the nurse begins informing the two men what was being done to help Sherlock: “Hello, gentleman, my name is Grace and I will be Sherlock’s primary nurse. Mr. Holmes has approximately thirty shallow cuts on his left wrist, which travel up and down his arm, and a laceration on his left forearm, which is about 18 inches long. We stitched up the big gash and gave him some antibiotics to try and ward off infection. Also, we found traces of cocaine in his system, which he is sleeping off now. We want to keep him for 72 hours under observation. Any questions?”
Anyway, I'm going to say this now. I AM NOT A FAN OF MARY. IF YOU ARE A FAN OF MARY, THIS FANFICTION WILL MOST LIKELY NOT BE FOR YOU. I want to get that out of the way now, because I, unlike John in the show, could not forgive her for shooting Sherlock. He is my child and I love him so very much. Also, this is part one of two. I'll post the second chapter tomorrow. I'm really tired tonight. As always, happy reading! I hope you have a good week!
If you would have told John three months earlier that he would miss mold in the kettle, eyeballs in the microwave, or the sound of his handgun going off when the flat had gone mostly silent ( and would most likely give John a heart attack at the most inconvenient times). He would have first raised a skeptical eyebrow and then proceed to laugh at that
." When there is still no reply he silently walks up the remaining stairs and gently opens the blogger 's door.
John brightly smiles up at his love as he says, “Good! Now that that’s settled… Shall I call Lestrade?”
Swirls in the reflected surface. Sherlock angrily reaches for a knife and slides down onto the cold tiled floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
I have some paralles going on here that I meant to make more obvious than I had originally wrote them out to be. My lovely beta caught that and fixed it for me. So, as always, thank you, QueenLadyAnne.
John hears his phone vibrating in his pocket, excuses himself from the other doctors and checks his messages. He rolls his eyes and quickly typed out his reply.
Sherlock pulls away with a huff, rolls his eyes, and then replies with, "I don't see why it's any of their business. If these
When Greg and Sherlock entered the flat, Lestrade pulls him aside by the arm and cautiously says to the him, "Look, the others don't know about you and John. I've had time to come to terms with the threads when you were at the hospital, but not everyone will be as receptive to this new information. It might come as a...shock to a few individuals... Don't provoke them."
The evening carries on like that for a couple of hours more, and after another bout of dancing, John excuses himself to the loo to ‘take the edge off.’ Greg, at this point, is intoxicated and is boisterously singing along to some upbeat song. Sherlock walks up to the bar to escape the close proximity of the dance floor. Behind him, he hears a voice he had hoped he would never hear again. “Sherlock Holmes!” Sherlock instantly freezes and his eyes instantly close. “Hello, Sebastian.” Sebastian’s smile is all teeth and predatorily as he says, “Howdy, buddy. How long’s it been? Eight years since I last clapped eyes on you?”
believes him to be an i
The little boy rushes to his side, chest heaving,
More notes at the end of Chapter.
flat that is devoid of bullet holes and a watchful yellow smiling face painted upon the wall. He 'lives' his life. He wakes up every day, limping around the confined space, just going through the motions.
Of course nothing lasts forever. A few inches away, on Sherlock's night stand, lay his phone which pings only once. When he picks it up a message appears on the screen, from a familiar number, indicating to him that it is unanswered. He clicks the message and it sends a cold chill down his spine
To keep from grabbing Sherlock’s luscious curls, John’s hands grasp the sheets at his waist. As Sherlock makes another slow descend downward, he doesn’t stop until his nose comes into contact with John’s golden pubic hair. After making eye contact with John again, he quickens his pace, sucking, licking, and reveling in the doctor’s delicious moans. “O-Oh, Sherlock. Love, I’m going to come…” At this, the amateur sleuth brings his hand up and lovingly fondles his mate’s testicles, and with one final hard suck, John comes undone by Sherlock’s clever hands and tongue.
On a lighter note, I hope you liked this chapter despite all the angst. :)
“Mary, we need to talk.”
In John's personal opinion, Now was a lot better than Then. He couldn't possibly imagine his life any other way. He was happy to have Sherlock in his life. The genius was a total pain in the arse at times but without Sherlock, his life would be so meaningless. When the consulting detective had left the first time, John had been so heart broken and alone. No, Sherlock might not want marriage or children, but John wouldn't change him for anything in the world. Sherlock was his and he was Sherlock's. The blogger would take the detective any way he could get. He had never really thought that Sherlock would ever let anyone in, let alone love him. John falls asleep then with a smile on his face.
Notes: I'M NOT DEAD! I've just been SUPER busy! I've recently been in a play and it's all wrapped up now. The role was demanding, but fun. :D I have a tad bit more time to focus on the story now. I've just got to get my computer back now... :/ I've went up to the 'M' rating due to the slight smut at the beginning. It will get more detailed later on. And, I know I've promised proposal, proposal, proposal, but I know for a fact that the Proposal will be next chapter. For sure! The reason for my certainty is because this current chapter ends with a hint of what's to come :D. I've read a fanfic of a Proposal scene and a good friend of mine has lent me her location scene. I'll link it next chapter. :D I was going to write the proposal this chapter but, I got distracted by a gorgeous opportunity to lead up to a later chapter. :D
“Sherlock, no. That’s not--.”
Although Sherlock refuses to think of the time that was
he thought,
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice!
When the kettle slowly begins to heat, John feels his legs give out and slowly slides down the counter onto the kitchen floor. There, he clutches his knees to his chest and places his head on his knees.
"What happened to you?!" His love says while holding him tight.
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
As much as Sherlock proclaims to be a sociopath and a machine, he’s nothing more than a man. A man willing to let everything he has ever wanted walk away for a second time, all to ensure John’s happiness. When Mary shot Sherlock, she was only looking to
An answering smile breaks across the bloggers face as he nods. John quickly finds himself swept away in his lover’s sure footwork. The night didn’t go according to plan, but John now realizes he didn’t need to go out to a club tonight. He was proud of the man he was with and he loved his beautiful threadmate with all his heart.
(See the end of the chapter for
How is it that five little words could make him feel as if his entire world were crashing to the ground and then proceed to freeze over, coating everything in sheets of ice? That shouldn't be possible, but Sherlock feels as the room had suddenly dropped twenty degrees and he involuntarily shivers. '
Sherlock’s face briefly morphs into an expression of sheer relief when he sees his loving threadmate, but he tampers that down to say, “Sebastian, this is my
to move on. He’s made a promise and a commitment to Mary, and he’s going to keep it. He and Mary had a child to think about. With that in mind, he leaves. He leaves and doesn’t look back because if he does, he would not be able to leave the building. So, he leaves Sherlock behind in the desolate lab alone with his new
"I've been beaten and tortured for hours. When I was in Serbia, I was captured by some of Moriarty's cohorts. They put me in chains and questioned me for hours about that stupid, fake code Moriarty had implanted in the sniper's heads. When I told them that the code wasn't real, they got vicious. They got out the cat o' nine tails and made deep lacerations into my skin. They, of course, didn't believe me and the beatings got worse each day. Mycroft finally came and rescued me." Sherlock then looks up with red-rimmed eyes, into John's softened gaze, "I would do it all again though. You are safe. It was worth it all, even if you never love me again….I'm really sleepy though, John. Goodnight, I love you." Before John can reply to anything Sherlock has said, the usually reserved detective has taken the blogger's calloused hand in his own, lain down with his eyes closed and has finally fallen to sleep.
If he didn't wake up screaming from the smell of smoke or the sight of shrapnel imbedding into skin, he was miserable from his shaking hands that forbade him from ever working with his hands professionally. He had a job at the local A&E but, due to his hands, he could no longer work as a surgeon so he now took on the role of setting broken bones and writing prescriptions for flu medication.
(See the end of the chapter for
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British,
That this is the day daddy has decided he's leaving.
John stares at his counterpart in disbelief before stating in exasperation, “Move out? Why would you move out? This is your home, you git.” He pauses just long enough to say a silent prayer that this isn’t all a mistake before continuing, “However, this is about what you said last night. In fact, I was hoping to get your opinion on something.” John begins dragging his thumb across the knuckles in his grasp as he says, “How would you feel if I told you that I want to spend the rest of my life with you here at Baker Street?”
Rosie eventually startles the pair by loudly giggling and clapping her hands at the scene in front of her. They smile at one another briefly before going over to collect the beautiful little girl to sit and cuddle for a little while. The three sit together in contentment. Rosie softly babbles to herself while her father and her adopted parent cradle their little girl between them, all the while sharing brief kisses. This is the perfect beginning to forever.
Warnings: Eventual Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, I'm not British, Bullying Mentions of drug abuse, AU
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice and Ariane DeVere (located here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/45111.html) for writing transcripts. You Rock!!
Notes: First off the 1: Mímir is the Norse god of Wisdom. If you want to know more about him, look him up. I'm too lazy to put more of a description about him on here lol. :) Okay, Future plans for Anderson and Donovan...I personally don't like either character. Not because they are pointless. Both characters add something to the story, but the problem I have with them is that before the fall. They were horrible! I know Anderson's gotten better but, I have difficulties with both. I plan though to make both character's nicer due to the fact that after the fall, they are kinder (I'm not really making this season 3 compatible, but I will have some references about it. I might somehow incorperate Sherlock's best man speech, because let's be honest, that was adorable. I currently don't have time to write the reviews but tomorrow, when I have time, I will post my answers to your reviews :D Stay tuned!
As he pushes the plunger down, the familiar feeling of all emotion slowly fading away, which once distressed him, quickly morphs into a welcomed sensation. Feeling absolutely nothing is better than the agony he once felt. He sinks down onto his carpeted flooring as his face blanks out and his eyes grow vacant. He is hollowed out and empty, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
Sherlock turns again to get a better look at John.
, heartless man! Let's all prod, and point fingers at the
The contented blogger settles back into his seat as the enthusiastic sleuth gestures and fires off details with rapid succession. John leans over and places a loving kiss against dark curls, ‘I’m so lucky to have this gorgeous man in my life.’ The red threads between them glow brilliantly as John thinks to himself, ‘And I wouldn’t have it any other way.’
His eyes burn again with the onslaught of burning tears.
Up until this point, he had resolutely avoided thinking of anything to do with
There is a pause as a gun goes off. He fears Mary’s been shot until she finally answers, “The walls are charred black, rubble is everywhere, and I believe there is a foundation for a pool in the center of the room.” Suddenly, her breath catches and her words are rushed and panicked, “I have to go, John. He’s here. Please, hurry!” The line goes dead even as John tries to get her to stay on the line. He rushes out the door, grabs a cab, rambles off an address, and he quickly rushes to the old Bristol South Swimming Pool. They’ve both been so close this entire time.
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, AU
As he begins searching for his ex-wife, he rounds a corner and a bullet instantly rushes past his ear, barely missing. He quickly ducks back behind the wall, waits a moment, twists his body just enough for a clean shot, and then fires before ducking back behind the wall once more. There is a groan of pain and then a thud before silence falls. He peeks around the wall to find the other man lying on the floor. He checks the body and discovers that the assassin is dead. He continues onward, collecting the other man’s rifle in the process.
And so he is content on letting his smile, his, happiness, his heart, waste away.
The dynamic duo go home :D
Suddenly, as if inspiration strikes, Sherlock surges out of his chair--far more gracefully than any drunk should have the capacity for--and tugs John to his feet and leads them into a sloppy waltz. John steps on his feet more often than not, but Sherlock giggles all the more as John’s face grows redder with every drunken misstep. In some part of John’s brain, bright, flashing
"You may yell, you may get as angry as you like, but promise not to go.
he thinks to himself. He quickly leaves that room; with Lestrade following close behind, and discovers an empty wine glass sitting beside Brian’s bed. He picks up the glass, holds it up to the light, and on the rim, he sees the faint impression of lips. He again smells the inside of the glass and discovers the same trace of almonds present. When the amateur detective gazes at the room as a whole, he notices things that no one else seems to see. He notices the empty pill bottle that was not supposed to be empty for at least another two weeks, and he noticed the broken bar in the man’s closet along with a rope thrown with out care on the floor beside a turned over stool. To others who could not see what Sherlock saw, they would have incorrectly assumed that the man had drowned in the shallow waters, but no, this man willingly drank cyanide poison periodically over the span of one week to kill himself. His next deduction weighs heavy on his chest as the thought: ‘
"Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?"
John could not keep himself from touching Sherlock even if he tried. Arms envelope the detective tightly. The older man only lifts his head away from the crook of Sherlock’s neck long enough to drop several kisses against the brunette's temple before holding him just as tightly as before.
John returned home from the surgery one day to find a brooding Sherlock lying upon the couch glaring up at the ceiling. Beside Sherlock, on the coffee table, was John's gun. As Sherlock reached for said gun he instantly froze. He then curled in on himself and started to visibly shake. John was at his side in an instant. "Sherlock?" John quietly, gently whispered. The only reaction he got was heartbreaking whimpers from the curled up detective. John gently reached out and touched Sherlock's arm. At that touch, Sherlock seemed to shake out of whatever was bothering him. He quickly sat up, knocking John to the floor, and made his way to his violin case. He takes it out and instantly begins scratching across the strings. John blinks up at him in bewilderment. "Sherlock, we need to talk." The only reply was an increase in volume of the tortured violin. "Sherlock!" After that, the music instantly stopped and Sherlock spun around and glared at John. "I do not need your help! We do not need to talk. And I certainly do NOT need you!" Sherlock seethed. He then proceeds to storm into his room and slams the door behind him.
It was all because of his damn pride, and he took his anger out on the one person who did not deserve it. He knew he shouldn’t have said it. As soon as the words had escaped past his treacherous lips, he instantly wished he could take them back. He would give anything to banish the look of absolute anguish that passed across Sherlock’s angular features as he nodded and left the room. John had seriously screwed up, and he has no idea how he was going to fix it.
Sherlock’s footsteps falter slightly, but he quickly regains the pace he had set before. John races after the two brothers while saying, “Sherlock! Wait, please! I know I fucked up. I know I hurt you. I shouldn’t have said what I did because I didn’t mean it. I—I’m sorry.”
Much later, after many of the guests have gone, Sherlock and John return back to Backer Street to pack their belongings. Once everything was packed, the honeymooners boarded a plane to set off for Italy.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
me, John. She left and she took the best parts of me with her. How…how could she do this to me?”
After those words are uttered, Sherlock and John both drift off into sleep with smiles on their faces.
The ebony haired man follows John through the deceased man’s house until they reach the kitchen. There, John stops and doubles over trying his best to breathe calmly through the panic. “John? John, what’s wrong?” The distressed man only grits his teeth and shakes his head while he says, “Leave off it, Sherlock.” The detective’s brow furrows and hesitantly asks, “John, please, I can tell from your accelerated breathing, perfuse sweating, and full body trembling that you seem to be in a state of panic. I just don’t know what is wrong.”
The blogger groans out an, “Oh, God yes,” as Sherlock grips the waistband of John’s pants and tugs downward. Sherlock locks eyes with his beloved threadmate as he slowly slides John’s cock into his mouth. The good doctor gasps and slams his head against the pillows as inch by inch, his prick disappears into his soulmate’s mouth. The brilliant detective begins a slow rhythm up and down and on every upward glide, a clever tongue laves against the weeping slit, tasting the pre-cum that gathered there.
Since the two were pressed so closely together, head to toe, John felt a...firm persistent, pressure... against the cleft of his buttocks. His eyebrows raise to his hairline, until they are no longer seen, and he shifts minutely to speak to the sleeping sleuth but his movements provide stimulus against Sherlock's straining erection. The answering near-silent moan arouses and surprises the blogger and that feeling amplifies when a whispered "John," escapes from the detective's lips.
Mary finally brings her body in contact with the detective and begins caressing his pale neck and chest while kissing his ebony curls. John steps forward, Sig poised as he clearly senses the threat now, but stops as one hand tilts the syringe against Sherlock’s inner elbow and states, “First of all, no baby.” She looks up at John then, smiles darkly, rolls her eyes, and states, “And secondly, I’ve already explained all this to him. I’m not going to go through it all again.
Lance Corporal James Mortimer of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was lying on the scorching desert sands, bleeding out from a wound to his abdomen. John rushed over to the dying soldier and applied pressure to the wound and began digging out his supplies in order to patch him up. As John began applying the last stitch to the soldier’s now marred skin, a shot rings out, and a kneeling army doctor falls forward and clutches his injured shoulder.
John does not want to believe him. It
John stares at her, face blankly, for a moment longer until he says an emotionless, “Right,” and gently coaxes Harriet into bed. He looks at her for a moment longer before walking back out to comfort Clara. He gives her a sympathetic hug and inquires, “Alright?” Clara begins to nod, but she begins crying all over again and quickly shakes her head no. John softly sighs, hugs her a bit tighter, and tries to comfort her.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
At that, the ebony genius snaps his full, undivided attention to his soulmate, “How can you say that?” John takes cautious steps forward until he is standing right in front of Sherlock. “Because I am an idiot. You have given me your heart to look after and I have failed you time and time again. I didn’t realize what he had done to you. I didn’t know that he had made you feel that way and for that, I am so sorry. I truly do love you. You are my entire world. I never want to lose you.”
John, though, softly answers, "Of course I care about you, Sherlock. But you know that that is not the point." John raises his hand before Sherlock can speak, quickly and efficiently cutting him off, "My point is that I have no idea what we are going to do. What do we tell people now?"
Notes: I'm sorry this is so short. This next one and the 8th one will be longer. To make up for that I have decided to upload two. I thought this chapter, were I had stopped it, was the perfect spot, so that's why it's so short. I hope you enjoyed it even though it's angsty!
(on his own computer, it wouldn't do for John to become aware of Sherlock's plans before he could implement them) but he had come up empty handed. The websites were decidedly unhelpful. All they had to suggest were plebeian, boring things that made Sherlock feel as though his brain were leaking through his ears. He finally swallowed his pride and asked Mycroft for help which he would only ever do for John.
, John wouldn’t want to leave right away. They would have to
Notes: I used a LOT of "Study is Pink" references, so, be mindful of that. I manipulated the text in order to fix the story line. I hope you like them so far! Oh, and next chapter THERE WILL BE ANGST! Sherlock cries and may seem about OOC but I will explain what that is about at the end notes at the next one. This one will have a bunch of chapters. I believe even more than my last one had. Oh, and before I forget, Updates will be Mondays and Fridays!
When the consulting detective steps into the room, he is met with Ms. Donovan's "lovely" voice declaring, "The
But it's easier to bury the things you feel.
Throughout Mary’s speech, Sherlock face contorts from disbelief, to realization, to fear, and finally his angular features settle on disgust and rage. Mary Morstan has made his and John’s lives so miserable. She has kept them apart for so long...She has hurt so many people and she nearly killed them both in the process. To find out that someone so close to them has hurt them so badly makes rage engulf the detective. There’s no hint of doubt or uncertainty as Sherlock coldly states, “As if there is really any question. I chose John then, and I’m choosing him now. I will
On to the actual notes (I promise not to make them terrible long ^_^;), First of all, you may be thinking, "HOW CAN YOU KILL OFF HARRY?! SHE'S STILL IN THE STORIES!" Well, she furthers the plot later on, she's not very, terribly important to this story other than the fact she furthers plot. Secondly, goodness, I've hurt John a lot this chapter. It's not going to get better for awhile. Last but not least, fun fact, I got the dates (I just googled when their birthdays are. Sherlock's birthday is actually celebrated by fans on the 6th of January--happy belated birthday to my favorite cinnamon roll--John's birthday I got from google) and the character's parents name come from their actual parents.
A bright and happy smile spreads across Sherlock’s face as he leans forward and kisses his mate once more. The crowd erupts in cheers and when they separate, several attendants step forward and move the tables to the side to allow the wedding goers to dance. Sherlock takes John’s compact hand in his own and leads his sturdy blogger out onto the makeshift dance floor for their first dance as a married couple. The amateur detective draws his doctor close and then both men are swept off into a beautiful waltz around the room. Soon, other couples were stepping in time with the music. When the song ends, Sherlock and John share happy smiles and a brief kiss.
John looks utterly miserable as he recounts so many terrible memories, “For the longest time, I thought I had drove you to suicide. The things I told you were awful and I thought I just added to the fact. That guilt and the pain of having you gone was proving to be too much.” Sherlock’s distress is palpable at John’s retelling, but before he can say anything, John fully laces his fingers between Sherlock’s own and continues, “But then I met Mary. She arrived in my life when I needed someone, and yes, in a way, I loved her, but then this lanky git of a detective appears out of nowhere for the second time to change my world entirely. Yes, Sherlock. You’re right. In a way, I was happy, I was trying to make the most out of my new half-life. I was trying desperately to move on, but then you came back to me and I no longer need to. Do you understand what I’m trying to say, Sherlock?”
The calm before the storm
The sight before John makes him pause for a moment. Even though John knows that Sherlock has been stabbed and can see the white bandages wrapped around his pale abdomen, the long stretch of near translucent skin makes him pause only briefly to enjoy the view.
That's how the evening ends. Sherlock's head in John's lap as John cards his fingers through silky benighted curls while Sherlock reveals each detail of the case and unravels marvelous deductions for his blogger. The occasional 'brilliant!' or 'extraordinary!' could be heard coming from the flat until it came time for bed. Blogger and detective lay down together with the hands connecting and kisses being peppered onto lips, faces, and necks. Two whispered "I love yous" are the only thing said before both men fall asleep, red threads glowing brightly throughout the night.
Notes: Sherlock still seems a bit OOC but I am working to get him away from that. I have a reason for it, but it will take a few chapters to get to that (maybe less). Yes, I did insert a quote from 'The Hounds of Baskerville'. Am I sorry? Nope :)! I thought that was adorable.
There, just at the other end of the pool entrance, sits a bound Sherlock, figure slumped, and unconscious. He scans the top landing for would be attacks, never once dropping his stance or loosening his grip on his gun, but rushes forward to check on his beloved when he discovers that no one is around to hurt either of them for the time being. When he finally reaches the other man, John begins checking his pulse, breathing, and if he has a possible concussion. There was no clear indicators of blood or trauma.  Everything checked out alright, Sherlock just appeared to be sleeping. He wants to sink into the floor in his relief, but refrains as begins to untie Sherlock’s bound hands. When that is accomplished, he begins trying to wake the Consulting Detective up. Sherlock stirs, begins to say John’s name, but, otherwise, does not awaken further.
“Sherlock, we need to talk.”
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting),  Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
More notes at the end of Chapter.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
here!" He ignores them as his mind quickly switches over to case mode. He takes in the room before him, noting the four sobbing family members in the corner currently being questioned by another member of Scotland Yard, deducing with an intelligence that could rival the deity Mímir(1), before turning to the body which was lying lifelessly, face down on the floor. '
John, to his displeasure, would be saved from the the cruel desert. He would go through many months of delirium due to infection and pain medication. When he was finally released, a year later, he would be flown back to London broken and depressed. He would be issued a psychiatrist, Ella, who would encourage him to write about his life, but who would want to read that? '
“Did you—.”
When he got home, he would go into his bathroom and stare at his reflection. 'Why am I treated this way? Why do I deserve this?' He started hating himself, and one day, when
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Sherlock and John discover what it means to be in a relationship
Warnings: self-harm, mentions of suicide attempt, mentions of drug use (previous chapters), Johnlock, but not heavy Johnlock, Unbeta'd, I wrote this because I really wanted to write some deep angst, and I'm not British
So, it was my intention to create an absolute batshit crazy Mary. I wanted her to seem insane. I hope I succeeded. As Sherlock said, "Bitterness is a paralytic. Love is a much more vicious motivator. I had the idea swirling around in my head that Mary, while incredibly smart and cunning, and...well, EVIL, could become just as sentimental and sloppy when it came to love as Irene was. That's how she eventually lost the game, and ultimately, Mary loses to it as well.
Many people would assume that Sherlock is an emotionless machine, but if they could see him like this, they would quickly take back their words. When Sherlock plays his violin, it’s as if his heart is in what he plays and the tune always seems to depict his feelings, which he can convey better this way, than any words he could ever say. When the detective finally finishes the song, his devoted blogger has tears in his eyes and a grin upon his face. As the consulting detective replaces the violin in its case, John proceeds to stand and wrap his arms around Sherlock’s slim waist. “That was beautiful, love. Thank you for this evening.” They share a sweet kiss until Sherlock parts from his soulmate long enough to say, “The evening’s far from over.”
John, now five, and Harry, a rambunctious six-year-old, lived happily with their grandmother until she became ill and perished that same year. Mr. Watson arrives at the funeral—completely sloshed—to pick up his children. The grieving children silently cry in the taxi on the way to their new home. When they finally arrive, Mr. Watson walks into his home and promptly passes out on the couch leaving the two children bereft and alone. Everything they knew and loved was gone. Everything they had was placed in two large suitcases. Life as they knew it was over. Harry turned to John and envelops him in a warm hug and whispers, “Shh, Johnny, it’ll be alright. We’ll be okay. He’s our Da, yeah? He’ll take care of us! Everything is going to be alright, just you wait and see!”
Molly confirms what John already knew. Traces of Apathy are still in Sherlock’s system, but it is slowly fading.
Lestrade quickly steps forward and arrests her. Three family members are now sobbing for a different reason along with the first. As she is being led away by the good DI, Anderson then walks into the room but stops short when he sees Sherlock's red thread.
He finds himself in love and his heart begins to mend.
Also, you may have noticed I changed something that does not happen during the show. That's not really important, honestly. I changed it because I believe that Mary would have shot Magnessum if Sherlock had not shown up before hand, so I just followed through.
Everything is forgiven
“I want to wake up everyday and see your face. I want to hold your hand and kiss you goodnight. I want to be able to go on cases with you all the time, and I want to share the success with you. I want to be able to tell everyone that you are mine and that I am yours. I just want to be with you.”
When Sherlock does not instantly begin spouting off deductions as he normally would, Lestrade huffs out an expectant, “Well?” John decides at that moment to wonder into the bedroom, but notices that something seems to be off with the detective. It is almost as Sherlock’s entire world has been thrown off balance. The amateur detective began spouting off deductions at a rapid fire, panicked, pace, barely stopping to take a breath, leaving Lestrade reeling. “So, wait a minute…Brian Barkley committed suicide? There was no fowl play?” Something snaps in John at that word. Sherlock notices, as he always does, and scoffs, but somehow it’s lacking its usual bite, “Obviously.” Silence falls on the room and Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest seemingly lost in thought. Greg mumbled something about getting their statements, but John, feeling more than a bit frightened, exited the room quickly; leaving Greg feeling baffled.
Also....If you know me, you know that I like angst, and you're going to get a lot of it. Here's a hint for next chapter, Fall...
(See the end of the chapter for
"I am perfectly fine! If the idiotic medical staff here would do their jobs correctly and learn to observe their surroundings, they would see that I am quite sound! Yet, they are all idiots and refuse to
Notes: This chapter is longer! (not by much, but it is a little longer:) ) I tried just for you guys! I promise things will get better, but they have to get worse before that happens :/ (that means angst will be ahead). Thank you to all the people following this story! It means a lot knowing that it is at least decent enough to acquire someone's attention!
Both men stop outside the morgue’s doors when Sherlock gently reaches out and tugs John’s arm, bringing them flush together. The detective brings one hand up and traces John’s cheek before leaning in to place a sweet kiss upon the blogger’s thinner lips. The loving pair withdraw and Sherlock whispers, “I love you, John.” The adoring army doctor’s face lights up and he hugs the sentimental sleuth closer until his head lays on the taller man’s chest. “I love you too.” The soulmates then withdraw and John turns to leave. Once again, long lanky fingers curl around the doctor’s bicep and tug him around so that he can peer up at the nervous detective. John’s brow furrows as he takes in Sherlock’s agitation and uncharacteristic uneasiness. When the detective begins to speak John expects the worst.
John’s shoulders lose some of their tension as he asks, “Alright, so what are we doing instead? Quiet night at home?” The older man would never admit it out loud, but the thought isn’t so unappealing. The Consulting Detective quickly dashes those thoughts as he goes over to the couch, draws his knees up so that he is propped against the corner, gazes steadily at the ceiling, and petulantly whines, “Not quite. My mother has invited us to Christmas dinner this afternoon.”
Hateya W.
The moment only lasts for a few seconds, but time carries onward as he kisses her forehead, and sets her down again to allow her to play with her blocks once more.
When they arrive at the Holmes’ residence, Sherlock quickly goes to find his mother and father in the kitchen as John departs and goes to find Mary in the living room. As soon as he enters the room, Mary begins struggling to stand, but John walks over to her and helps her up. He quickly lets go of her hand and steps back to regard her silently. There is a long pause in which neither of them say anything. Despite the peace John feels in his decision, John can’t help the white-hot anger that spills through him at the sight of the woman he once proudly called his wife. Mary’s face screws up in justified apprehension and worry at the prospect of what John will say.
Sherlock answers after a moment, after reassuring his vice-like hold.
When he was younger, though, he had never really pictured the life he was living now… Now was excitement, staying up late at night going of case files, chasing suspects till four in the morning, and now was loving a moody consulting detective who pouted when he didn't get his way.
As he finally took a closer look at Sherlock, the trace of tears now threatened to spill over, and there was something absolutely wrong about the way the detective held his once proud frame. John's eyes widen at the sight of the man standing a few feet in front of him, his anger now long since forgotten. "Sherlock?" John inquires, but the detective seems to be lost in a world of his own and unable to hear him. When the doctor's mind finally caught up with what he said, he gasped at his own brutality.  He took a small step forward and extended his hand to comfort his lover but Sherlock no longer walks forward to meet him halfway. Sally decided to take that moment to cackle out her disturbing glee at seeing the detective crumble. The spell over Sherlock breaks at the sounds and as he blinks, a few tears fall, which he had no intention of wiping away. John catches a small sense of anguish that passes over Sherlock's features as he nods and turns to walk away.
The tears have stopped, but Sherlock’s voice sounds hollow and distant. “I’m not like other people, John. I’m not good. I’m not kind. I say the wrong things. I’m a
Sherlock stared at the other man for what seemed like an eternity, searching for any deceit or falsehood, before he slowly reached out with elegant digits to grasp John’s smaller, sturdier hand, “You mean that?” The army blogger hesitantly smiles and says, “Of course I do. Every word.” Verdigris eyes gaze into deep blue as a delicate, pale thumb gently traces worn and battered knuckles.
-QueenLadyAnne, my extraordinary Beta that was sick this week and a bit of last that still powered through to help with this final chapter.
signs are blaring for his attention, but right now, the blogger could not be happier with how the evening is progressing.
He messes things up, 'Just like I always seem to do' and again gets burned,
John turns, big, doleful eyes on Harriet and sniffles, “Do you think so?”
Sherlock. Apathy is used to forget and to stop someone from feeling anything at all. He
John chuckles as well and draws Sherlock in for another bruising kiss. He retrieves the lube from Sherlock and spreads it along Sherlock's long length and then wraps a hand around both of their hard members. Sherlock breaks away from the kiss to utter a deep moan, "John!" John speeds up his pace until the only sounds coming out of both mouths are uttered profanities and unintelligible groans. "I'm close.." Sherlock was panting by this point and John had to utter his agreement, "Me too.."
There is something you should know about hospital gowns. The design is terrible, the fabric itches when worn, and the sleeves are very short.
The next day had shown no sign of John. Sherlock is discharged and returns
Sherlock and John were strictly friends until Jim Moriarty came into the picture. Sherlock then realized that he
“Ah. I see things are back to normal. How dull.” Mycroft’s face is set in an almost impenetrable mask of indifference, but his eyes are full of uncharacteristic relief and warmth. “You are free to go. I assume you have made a decision?”
Sherlock, without relinquishing his hold on John, all but growls out, “I can and I will! I am not some blushing maiden. I don’t want to do it.” After this, the Holmes brothers wage a silent war that no one else seems to be privy to. John, having grown tired of the vague situation, states, “Now, hang on. What are you talking about, Mycroft? What the hell is going on?”
Sherlock then walks forward to be updated on the case by the DI, but turns around when he realizes his threadmate has not followed. John is on the sidewalk talking on the phone, in a hushed whisper, to some unknown party ('
This is the song I imagine Sherlock playing: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n49-W3cX8g (A Time for Us)
(See the end of the chapter for
"You are married to your threadmate, how did you do it?"
"I will always need you and want you right here with me.
During the third week, to John's great displeasure, Sherlock was being extra unco-operative and irritating . The consulting detective would mope around the flat, lay on the couch, and stay on his laptop until ungodly hours muttering something to himself about rings and location ('
inform the pair that he would be taking them out for a "stag night" later that evening. Sherlock wasn't particularly sure what that was, but he already knew he wouldn't like it but John, however, was very excited about the prospect of a boys night out. When Gregory left, the consulting detective begins researching what a "stag night" entails. He doesn’t like what he saw. Thus, Sherlock decides to voice his concerns to his blogger.
Sherlock's eyes have welled up throughout John's little speech and when he replies it sounds broken and croaky, "I don't deserve you John. I don't know what I've done to deserve this chance with you but I'm glad I've been given it. I will try my best to earn it."
Sherlock had intended to ignore any pleas for conversation, but John sidesteps his attempts at indifference by striding over to the couch and standing above the disgruntled sleuth.
John felt his eyes well up at those words. He doesn’t deserve it. He doesn’t deserve Sherlock. Not after everything he has done, but damn, he sure as hell won’t question it. The blogger seems to deflate with relief as he breathes out an almost inaudible, “Thank you.” The gentle sweep across battered knuckles never stops, but an odd expression settles over the detective’s features. John tenses.
Sherlock hears each pounding footstep Mrs. Hudson takes on the stairs as she brings the squirming toddler up to see her father and godfather. Each noise seems to be amplified, and each delighted shriek seeming louder than really necessary as Sherlock’s head pounds in time. He sits up with a groan and rubs his temples with a resigned sigh. He’s not going back to sleep now. He knows he’ll have to face John sooner or later, but right now, a little girl needs him. He shields his eyes from the blinding light streaming in from the sitting room when he opens his bedroom door to meet Mrs. Hudson and the little girl he has loved from the moment she was born.
Sherlock subtly looks down at his blogger but can't read anything in his neutral expression. He snorts in disgust in an attempt to draw a reaction out of the army doctor. John looks up just as the blonde and her ditzy boyfriend kiss. "You say something, love?"
It took Sherlock three strokes later before he was spilling his release on John's hand, "John! Yesyesyesyes! John!" That was all it took for John who was cumming only moments later with a muffled moan into Sherlock's collar bone.
Two weeks passed and none of the emotions had yet to return to the donors. Riots broke out outside of the sleek company’s headquarters during the third week, and by the end of the month, Pathogens Incorporated requested time to solve the issue and patience from the general public. On January 1st, 1995, Pathogens Inc. released a statement to the general public that stated:
When John tries to interject, Mycroft quickly cuts him off, “Fix this. I have warned you before and believe me when I say this, John, but you will not like me as an enemy. Continue on as you have and that’s exactly what I will become.” With that ominous threat, the line goes dead.
Don'thateme.Don'thateme.Don'thateme.Don'thateme.Don'thateme.Don'thateme.
"John, I don't see why we have to go."
Finding a wedding ring wasn't easy. The selection seemed to be limitless, but the raven haired man knew his soulmate preferences so it was at least easier to narrow down. He finally settled on the glistening band made from titanium because he knows John wouldn't something too flashy or ornate. The titanium band would clearly display John's marital status but wouldn't damage easily or dent when he was either running after Sherlock or in the surgery. Yes, the bands are perfect, but,
After what feels like an eternity, and most of the tears have stopped, Clara slowly extracts herself carefully from John’s grasp still sniffling. She slowly reaches into her purse and extracts a sleek, silver mobile phone and extends her arm for John to take the small device.
When the doctor awoke the next morning, he was contentedly warm and felt as if he was swathed in a squid's constricting grasp. The soldier in him wanted to fight against the binding restraints but upon further inspection, John felt a warm breath against the nape of his neck and solid, lean arms wrapped around his middle. 'Sherlock,' the blogger thought with a soft smile.
At one point during the night, the British government approaches John and Sherlock and hands the doctor a white envelope. When John opens it, he finds two airline tickets to Turin, Italy, an activity pamphlet, and two train tickets from Turin to Rome. John looks up, speechless, and Mycroft smiles, “My wedding gift to you. I hope you have a good time.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow in suspicion but Mycroft cuts any refusal short by saying, “You won’t owe me any favors. I have no scheme. Greg and I both agreed that this would be a good thing for the both of you. Enjoy it, brother mine.” Sherlock takes a look at his threadmate’s shocked, but pleased, expression and grudgingly concedes with Mycroft’s offer and mumbles out a quiet, “Thank you.” Mycroft smiles in return and leaves to find Gregory.
Slowly, the hooded figure turns, raises their hands, and John comes face to face with his ex-wife.
As if sensing John’s eyes on him, Sherlock awakens with a groan and stretches his long limbs. When Sherlock finally lays eyes on his loving blogger, a slow smile spreads across the detective’s face. Sherlock’s voice is deep as he rumbles out, “Good morning, John.” The doctor leans forward and places a loving kiss against his threadmate’s mouth as he whispers a, “Good morning, my love.”
After a moment of thought John declares, “You’re absolutely right. There is no contest.” Although when the blogger had spoken these words, his soulmate flinches, visibly places an uncaring mask upon his angular face, and forcibly refuses to meet John’s gaze before quietly saying, “I understand.”
John feels instantly foolish, because, yes, he has. He sees it in the way Sherlock smiles his ‘just for John smile,’ or the way his eyes still light up after every ‘Extraordinary’ and, ‘Brilliant!’ He feels it when Sherlock looks earnestly at him to say, ‘I love you,’ or when they kiss. John smiles at this new realization: “You’re right, of course. I know he loves me. It’s really nice to know that someone else sees it too, though. Thanks, Greg.” The greying detective smiles as he says, “ Don’t mention it, mate.”
didn’t hear anything from you or about you until just recently. An officer came by and said that you were shot…Harry couldn’t take it. She thought she knew what it meant when another soldier arrived at the door...She stormed off before she heard that you would be okay…I—I found her the next morning in the bathroom. She was so, so pale. Her skin looked blue, and I just…I knew.” Here she pauses momentarily to compose herself, unsuccessfully, before continuing, “Later, the mortician stated that Harry overdosed on synthetic happiness.” Clara’s face morphs into a tight, agonized expression as she chokes out, “I had to
' Sherlock silently supplies). His Shoulders are tense and eyebrows are furrowed. When Sherlock catches his love's eye, John nods his head as if to say, '
Warnings: Johnlock slash (M Rating now), beta'd now, I'm not British,
Sherlock realizes that is exactly what John is. His heart. They ascend the stairs in an awkward silence that entails both have something to say but can't (
"Why didn't say that you were hurting so much?"
. To say John’s been on edge is an understatement.
Mr. Watson somehow always retained the mental capacity to hide the evidence of his abuse. Even under the influence of alcohol, he knew to aim harsh hands under clothing. Teachers never called home. Problem solved.
The only solace he achieved was when he was able to go into his rooms or work in the labs in the Science department the school provided. Sherlock wasn’t able to always avoid Sebastian and more often than not, he would return to his room with bruises he hadn’t originally left with. When he had finally graduated, he developed a cold mask of indifference and a hardened heart.
John’s rage was all consuming but it left just as quickly as it came when he took one look at Sherlock’s face. His expression was closed-off and guarded, but it was the way that verdigris eyes looked to John as if he would join in the mockery.
" Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you—" Before John can finish asking his question, a mousy looking women enters in with coffee and a burning face as she approaches the mysterious man. The man in question dismisses the poor girl and she leaves with a soft sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shh, Johnny. It’ll be alright. Things will be alright. It’s alright.” She doesn’t know who she is trying to convince more.
Notes: And this concludes this story! Thank you to the ones who stuck with me to the end! You've been wonderful! I've got another story in the works. I wanna write a Disney/Sherlock crossover. I'm getting excited about it. I think I'm only going to post that one when I finish it, though. I'm a freshman in college now. It's going to be hard to find time to write, but I hope you will like it! Again, I thank you all from the bottom of my heart.
Sherlock had. He saw it in the way John made him eat or sleep. He saw it when John looked at him and he felt it when they kissed. The ebony haired man blinks several times from the new information Mycroft gave him. When he finishes, he realizes he has let fear of losing John cloud his logic.
Glasses are raised and cheers are heard throughout the room as the guest toast the newly weds. After the guests have calmed down, Sherlock stands, reaches inside his coat pocket, and pulls out cue cards. John looks quizzically at his threadmate but remains seated. Sherlock takes a deep breath and bares his heart to his threadmate: “All emotions — in particular, love — stand opposed to the pure, cold reason I hold above all things. A wedding is, in my considered opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing morally compromised world, at least, that’s what I used to think. Today is the most important day that I’ve been through. Today I married the love of my life, my partner,” he looks straight at John, “my threadmate, and my friend.
(See the end of the chapter for
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
He tries to take a subtle approach, but it seems to go over the genius’s head. Was Sherlock being deliberately dense, or did he want to hear the words come out of John’s mouth? Maybe John should just spell it out, “Look, Sherlock, this is the biggest and most important day of my life,” When Sherlock begins to interrupt, John cuts him off with, “No, it is! It is, and I want the
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hello?"
Millions of  people lined up to participate in the machine’s debut. Initially, the campaign stated that every emotion would be extracted individually, sorted, and then bottled for the donor and consumer’s convenience. When the Donors finished the extraction process, they would be given a little black, unmarked pill, which would then restore the missing emotions over the span of one week. The process was executed flawlessly. Little black pills were administered, bottled emotions could be purchased, the economy was once again booming, and Pathogens Incorporated was reaping in the benefits. Everyone, except the temporarily emotionless individuals, seemed to be, overall, happier.
They stand before each other in the dimly lit room almost completely nude when John draws Sherlock into a sweet kiss. Hands began to roam and John pushes Sherlock down onto the bed and crawls on top of him and resumes the previous kiss with more passion. John slowly traces the seem of Sherlock's lips and is granted access into the warm, wet cavern. They are pressed together from head to toe with ever point in contact. Sherlock could feel John's interest hard against his inner thigh but John realizes that he wasn't the only one with a growing problem.
(See the end of the chapter for
Notes: This is it guys! This is the last chapter! Since I had gotten a few replies that people would stick with me if the rating were to go up. This is my first time ever writing smut so, I know it isn't so great. I wanted to make the moment soft and sweet. They deserve some happiness after all I've put them through. So, if you see anything wrong or you could help me with the smut that would be appreciated :D.
(See the end of the chapter for
thoroughly as Janine leaves, presumably, for work. Sherlock’s fond smile slips off his face completely as he goes back to case mode in the blink of an eye. Whilst this is all occurring, a disbelieving smile spreads across his face and he tries to subtly look around the room for cameras for that ‘Gotcha!’ moment. When he finds none, his smile slowly turns into one crestfallen shock. When John is sure Janine has gone, he finally turns back to the detective, clears his throat, and tries desperately to hide his jealousy as he questions Sherlock about the nature of his relationship with Janine.
Sherlock can feel his heart breaking as he watches them kiss at the end. With a flourish, he finishes the song he specifically composed for the wedding and steps down from the small stage to talk to the newlyweds about the new life just starting to grow. As soon as John and Mary are significantly distracted, he slips away as quickly as possible. He can no longer take watching the twin happy faces the Watson’s share on the day that will forever remain in his mind as the worst day of his life. Because on this day, he lost his everything.
John could hit himself for being so stupid. '
The little boy grows, with a hardened heart and bleak outlook on life.
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Eventual Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
At that moment Mycroft opens the door to see his little brother slumped against the tub with blood seeping into his shirt and pooling on the white tiled flooring. He immediately dials the emergency contact number and tries to stop the blood flow until an ambulance arrives. Three things unnerved Mycroft the most. One: Why had Sherlock been feeling this way, Two: Sherlock's satisfied smile (as if he were happy his life would be over) and, Three: Why hadn't
"John."
“…At Baker Street?”
One month. One quiet, peaceful, domestic,
As he travels back to Baker Street, heartbroken and beaten, his mind quickly turns dark and violent. Words he had tried desperately to delete without success spring forward demanding his attention. ‘
He awoke one morning to a cheery bright sky, which only served to dampen his mood further. In a last attempt to find a semblance of peace, he took a slow paced walk to the park. While there, he had met an old friend that had studied with him at St. Barts. They began reminiscing about old memories. When questioned about his life, John had replied that he had been looking for a flatshare that would be affordable but "Who would want me for a flatmate?" Mike took one look at the shell of a man and laughed. "You are the second person who has said that to me today."
“My love… No. Sebastian hasn’t changed the way I feel for you. I’m so sorry that I didn’t stand up for you. I made a disastrous decision and I will regret that for the rest of my life. You are first and foremost the most important thing in my life. You will always come first. I love you for you. That is what I was trying to convey to you this morning. I thought that keeping silent would have been more beneficial to you. I’m sorry you went to school with such ignorant pricks that could not see all of the beauty you posses. You are so good, Sherlock. I’m so proud of who you are and what you’ve survived through. You’ve come back to me and for that, I will be forever grateful. In all honesty, love, I don’t deserve you.”
"I love you too." A pair of thin lanky arms encircle the bloggers frame, holding just as tightly onto his soulmate and love. Without moving out of the comfortable embrace, John looks up at the towering detective before smiling and saying, "Now, enough worrying. We have a wedding to plan!"
John wakes up with a start. He isn't sure what has awoken him but that no longer matters because he hears music. It isn't the type of music Sherlock normally plays. He has heard Sherlock torture the stringed instrument, he has heard him compose pieces with such beauty that could make you cry, but he has never heard such a morose, heartbreaking piece being drawn out of the varnished violin. The high notes are quickly drowned out by low, melancholic tones that John can
Moriarty giggles, “Oh, John. You were a doctor,” she says mockingly.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson takes one look at his ashen expression and his weakened eyes and nods her head without another word. She takes Rosie into the kitchen with her and magically acquires tea and paracetamol for Sherlock to take for the blistering headache he is no doubt experiencing.
Sherlock keeps his face carefully blank as joy blooms within his chest but he allows his left hand to reach across the seat to grab John smaller hand in his own. The rings weigh heavily in his pocket and to himself from fiddling with the box, he traces the army doctor’s knuckles.
“I promise. Now, dry those tears and let’s see a smile!” John peers up at her and grins. As he wipes his tears, he throws his arms around her waist and buries his face in her stomach, “Thank you mummy.” His mother places a hand on top of his head and pets his hair back, “You’re welcome Johnny. I have a question for you though. How do you know that your soul mate will be a boy?” John looks up at her, giggles, and says, “That’s easy! I can feel it in my heart!” With that, he runs to retrieve his little toy soldier that will soon occupy his time with strategic battles and rescued civilians.
,” Mary says with a sickened expression. “It’s pathetic, really. You never even realized that it was me! Even after I shot the man we both love,” she exclaims gesturing to the unconscious man.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock. Or the song "I Don't Want to Love Nobody Else" -A Great Big World  (I used a few of the lyrics in this chapter. I couldn't help it :D It's so adorable :D)
When John is a few feet away from the uncomfortable detective, he stops and stares up at him with widened eyes. "John, I-." Unfortunately at that moment, John decides to move and proceeds to do so by punching him in the face. Both individuals land on the floor with a loud thud, John on top of Sherlock. "WHO THE BLOODY HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?" Sherlock scrambles back from where he had fallen to gape at the angry army doctor. "John, it's me! Sherlock." He laughs bitterly and his voice becomes biting and cold when he answers, "Sherlock is dead. I watched him fall. You are not him." At that, John tackles the offending man, raises his hand, and brings it down to to strike him again…yet, this time he stops. Before his fist can connect with the angular features before him, he remembers another time when this same face lay bloodied and lifeless on the stony streets of London.
ignoring John (No matter what Mycroft says). Sherlock just happened to remember he had to do something in a totally different room that John was in. Although, when Sherlock was held up in his room
The day was filled with all of Sherlock’s favorite things. John had called Molly ahead of time to procure an entire corpse for Sherlock’s experiments; he only had to pick it up later. When John told Sherlock this, his entire face lit up with excitement. He had so many experiments in mind for the decaying body. Next, they stopped by New Scotland Yard to pick up all the interesting cold case files. Due to Lestrade’s absence, Ms. Donavan spat freak whenever she was in earshot of the connected pair.  Just as John decided to say something to the hateful woman, Sherlock smiles at his threadmate, gives him a look that says, ‘
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely thoughtful and extraordinary beta.
Greg audibly swallows and continues a little choked up, “I want to thank you, John. I’ve worried for years about this wanker because he deserved love just like everyone else and now, I can finally stop because he has you and I know you will take care of each other.” the D.I. raises his glass, “To Sherlock and John. I hope you have many long years of playful bickering, late night crime scenes, and years of protecting each other like you always do. Congratulations you two.”
But I see the wary hesitation.
"Just, promise me John, never truly leave."
Sherlock and John were in the hospital for three (insufferable) days. By the time they have exited the establishment, Sherlock has made five nurses cry, three janitors angry, (When the nurses would bring him food, he would hide it from John and let it sit until mold started growing from it. When questioned why he had done such a thing, he mumbled the word experiment before bellowing "BORED!" in which he proceed to curl in on himself for a good sulk. The livid janitors did not see the brilliance in said experiment or amusement in having to clean up the mess left behind. Sherlock finds it amusing that they are still finding the experiments.) and one frustrated John Watson.
I O U a Fall.
name is—gave him. ‘
They stare at each other at a loss. What could they say to make this hurt any less? What can they do to stop this all-encompassing sense of grief they both feel? Eventually, Clara slowly collects her things and makes for the exit. Before she can completely leave the small, sterile hospital room, she hears a quiet, “Please, take care of yourself, Clara.” Without turning around, she quietly replies, “You too, John,” as she departs.
Sherlock enters 221B with a flourish of his coat and a dramatic entrance. Only….he has no audience. '
If John hadn't been looking at Sherlock, he would have missed the nearly imperceptible flinch that he tries desperately to hide but can't when John speaks these words. Since John is staring so intently at Sherlock; however, he sees it all. The consulting detective’s voice wavers momentarily before evening out as he states, “I said I'm trying to. I haven't said anything to Mary. I haven't done anything to drive her way. I didn't interrupt your life with her. I'm trying, John, but… you came back. You came back to Baker Street, and staying away has become so hard.” The impassive façade momentarily drops as his voice waivers, once again, with usually concealed emotion. He tries and fails to get his vocal chords under control, but his words sound strangled and sad as he continues, “I thought you wanted me to come back. I was there that day. I heard you. You asked for a miracle, and I fought so hard to give you one…”
As the detective goes to draw away, John wraps his arms around the slim waist in front of him and rests his head against his firm chest, “There’s no contest because I didn’t feel anything for any of those people. I love
Ok, in the first few paragraphs, I've written it kind like Sherlock is telling the story (sorta). I've meant to write bestest-est because I wanted Sherlock to appear child-like in his medicated state. As promised Fluff. :D (even though it's tainted with a bit of angst. Not much, but some :/) If you can't tell, out of every character in the series, Sherlock is my favorite. So, I have a thing for crying Sherlock. When I read fics like that, it rips my heart out so, I had to share it with you all :D I hope you like the chapter! :D
As she withdraws from the elated doctor, she grabs the recently wedded pair’s hands and with tear filled eyes, she joyfully exclaims, “I’m no proud of you two. You’ve found your way together despite all the obstacles in your way. I wish you a life full of happiness and many years of love and laughter.”
"Sherlock?" John becomes slightly worried when he doesn't see the infuriating detective and begins to look around. Before John can discern Sherlock's location a broken whisper
"Our patient, Mr. Holmes, has attained a minor, closed head injury to the left side of his head. We have ran a CT and everything appears to be normal. We want to keep him overnight though, for observation." When the Doctor has finished speaking, John lets out an obvious sigh of relief and Mycroft seems to have lost the stiffness in his shoulders. "We will see him now." It wasn't a question, but the doctor still nodded at Mycroft's demand. "Right this way."
John stumbles forward and erases the remaining distance between them, wedges himself into the crowd forming around his love, and manages to wrap his trembling hand around Sherlock's lifeless wrist in order to check for a pulse. '
chose you! It’s always been he and I against the rest of the world, and it’s going to stay that way, and if you touch one hair on his head, I will spend the rest of my days making sure you will pay.”
Troubles ahead.
Notes: I am doing better at making them longer! :D I'm trying guys! The next Chapter will be very brutal and gory. The Johnlock warning is unlikely now to go up, but, it's still a possibility and I don't want to take it down until I'm finished. I'm thinking three to four chapters left (maybe less). This story is coming to a close! I hope you all like this chapter! Again, this next chapter will be VERY angsty. Just a warning. But not to worry loves! I enjoy happy endings and I am a sentimental fool sometimes :).
"There was always someone else! Moriarty's web had spread all across the globe. I have fought to make my way back home. I've just finished. If I could have gotten home sooner I would have taken it, but, while there was another member still alive, you and everyone else remained at risk. I couldn't come back until it was all taken care of."
Because no one had thought you'd care.
The kiss is short lived, only lasting a moment or two, before they break apart and the loyal blogger smiles up at the confused detective. "You're an idiot. How could you possibly believe that I don't absolutely adore you" Sherlock's eyes widen and a pretty blush seeps across his sharp cheekbones. "I-John…." A firm hand comes up and is placed on the side of Sherlock's face and the tip of John's finger gently caresses his full bottom lip.
