For a moment they just stand like this, and maybe they’re both crying, because he’s right, as always Bobby is right. It’s okay, it’s how he always wanted to go, but it’s a little too much and a little too soon, it’s okay, but it’s not good, either.
He feels his skin tingle as he recalls the last time they touched, Cas’ hand on his shoulder, so brief, so desperate; deep down, in his subconscious, he remembers the first time, too, amidst the blood and screams and horrors, a lifeline out of Hell that has stretched across a decade.
There’s no pain. Not even the slightest ache. And it should be there, loud and omnipresent and fucking hurting because he died.
“You can’t leave here, can you?” Cas shakes his head. “But you would send me back? Even if it meant – even if we – if you –“
Bobby’s voice startles him. On the wooden floor, there are tiny pieces of paper that he has nibbled from the bottle. Bobby looks at him knowingly, and Dean can feel his stomach clench and his chest ache in a way that has nothing to do with his phantom injury.
The funny thing is, he has never imagined anything beyond their usual banter. He’s never pictured him the way he’s pictured Cassie, or Lisa, or anyone he’s had before. But now that he does, it’s weirdly – right.
“Cas,” he rasps, barely breathing, and for a moment he just stands there, leaning into the touch on his shoulder as if Cas’ hand was the only thing keeping him from falling. It surely feels that way. Blue eyes lock with his own, looking at him and right into him, too; it’s too much and Dean averts his gaze.
Maybe –
“If I could bring you back, I would,” Cas says, so quietly that Dean barely hears it. The words only register slowly in his muddled brain. “Knowing that I can’t ease your pain – it breaks my heart.”
The lump in his throat is back. Bobby just gets it, and instinctively he pulls the older man into a hug.
It is only then that the true meaning of Cas’ words hits him.
One long moment he can only stare at Jo, smiling and young and just so alive; there’s a twinkle in her eyes that hasn’t been there before. Images play inside his mind, of blood and tears and the howling of beasts; the lump in his throat grows to the size of a football.
And he needs him back. Needs him, because ever since the Empty took him, he hasn’t felt whole, the world has been off-balance, the universe a little unhinged and he hasn’t stopped falling since.
Dean can feel his eyes starting to sting; the corners of his mouth twitch, his chin starts to tremble. He blinks once, twice, he won’t cry, not here, not now.
“You don’t think you deserve happiness. That never gets old. I thought what I said to you before I left was enough to make you understand.” He lets his gaze drift to somewhere beyond Dean’s shoulder for a moment before his eyes settle on Dean again. All mockery gone, it feels like Cas is staring right into that jagged, crudely stitched-up thing that’s his soul. “I meant every word I said. I hoped that someday you’d see yourself the way I see you. It’s all I want for you.”
Feeling is next. There’s the cold press of stone underneath his back, and the sharp scrape as his fingers dig into its surface.
Castiel waited as long as he could, but it was barely twenty minutes after breakfast when he found himself heading to the room Gabriel had chosen to set up as his study.
“No.”
And the night is still.
When his next-door neighbor died on his kitchen floor, Castiel visited Dean.
None of them talk about it.
“Come on.”
“Shut up, Sam!” Dean thunders. “Everyone shut up!”
Castiel knows the words. He’s heard them from the lips of his mother, his father, parishioners echoing comforts. But in Dean’s voice they become something else entirely, something altogether more…holy.
Emmanuel’s mouth is around him, and Dean ain’t felt like this in a long time—he’s on edge, riled up from finally feeling Emmanuel’s touch. His thighs tighten, shaking and there’s that hot feeling in his gut, threatening to burst.
He swallows, voice going flat.
“Holy oil,” Anna orders, keeping the blade to Bela’s throat. “Now.”
Sam glares at him. Dean turns away, waving a hand.
“This is an extraordinary piece of work,” he murmurs.
“What is taking Dean so long?”
“Doesn’t seem like you’re tired," Dean says anyway.
“Angels, god, et cetera, et cet-er-ah—“
“That’s
“Oooh, looks like I hit a nerve.” Gabriel leers at him. “Must be right then.”
“I’m sorry, Castiel, I—I didn’t know.”
“Emmanuel ripped off a train. We were chasing after them, and Christian took a shot to the gut.”
“You—“
“It’s okay.”
They stare at each other for a moment, spellbound under the trees. Dean swallows, his throat dry.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I’m sorry—“ he manages to mumble.
“Can you help me?” Dean asks.
Then, silently, he slips his hands through the sleeves, and pulls it on.
“Okay. Come on.”
Dean smirks, raising his hands.
“I’m going to get us something to eat. And a new shirt.”
Cas divests Dean of his own clothes rather quickly, grabbing fingers catching at buttons, dragging his hands through his hair. Dean’s pants are barely off before he’s wrapping his legs around Cas, hands grabbing onto his thick waist as Cas hoists Dean up and presses him back against the couch, thrusting against him. They don’t have the equipment to do much more than grind against each other like they’re in high school, but oh, it’s working for Dean—as Cas kisses Dean’s neck, holding Dean’s right hand above his head, the other circled around his waist as they move together.
Castiel’s heart leaps. Dean's going to stay, he's going to
Dean yanks against Sam’s grip, snarling in rage.
“How long until we get kicked out, do you think?”
Dean looks slowly at each of them in turn, as if to see if they’ll allow him to continue. When none of them move, he exhales, dipping his head.
She rubs against him like a cat, continuing to push Sam's hands up, slipping them under the edge of her shirt to touch her.
“But wait, I—“
“It’s your punishment for letting me worry my head off. Now go.”
“What are you reading there, young master?”
“Emmanuel,” he murmurs.
“The outlaw known as Emmanuel and his wild gang are still at large, after an escape from the Daviess county jail. Local sheriff Samuel Cox caught the notorious outlaw after the gang robbed the Daviess County Mutual Bank, his accomplices absconding with nearly seven thousand dollars,” Gabriel reads, putting on his best East Coast tone.
“I—I love you, just—
Dean rolls the taste of rum and coke around in his mouth, leaning back against the bar.
“Won’t even pretend to know what that means, so I’ll assume it’s a compliment.”
"Just like that? And no one
Sam gets them into the parking lot and bundles Cas into the backseat, and Dean makes to go in after him―but Sam grabs his arm, shaking his head.
“Yeah, Cas, practice. It’s what people do to get better at something.”
Gabriel’s mouth is set into a thin line. He turns, striding out of the elevator, and Eileen hurries to follow him, getting more and more confused.
Castiel spreads his hands.
“Look at you,” Alicia says, grinning. Cas huffs, pulling her hands away from him.
Balthazar backs away.
, her eyes going soft. Dean barely notices. He’s utterly frozen, staring at Cas, his cheek tingling.
“It’s Emmanuel himself,” he whispers, in a sort of stunned admiration.
Dean trails off, unsure how to finish. But Sam’s eyes dawn with a sudden realization.
“Yeah,” Castiel says, taking a sip, forcing himself to look disinterested. “You go. I’ll be fine.”
It turns a fierce orange eye on him, cold and calculating. Dean doesn’t dare move.
Castiel inhales.
“Dude, where the hell is Cas?”
“Anna,” he chokes out. “I thought, you—Alastair—“
“Jesus, fuck—Cas,
Castiel stares up at him, his heart pounding. Fuck—of course Gabe noticed, he knew too, there was something wrong with him—but he can’t tell him about Naomi, he can’t—
This goes darker. Deeper.
Gabriel steps over, waggling his phone in Ketch’s face.
Anna is shaking, crying, and he doesn’t know what to do. Her voice is unlike anything he’s ever heard.
“You kidding?” He says. “No way I’m letting you touch this razor.”
Cas sits down next to him, placing a hand on his arm.
“Sam was in danger," she snaps.
He wipes his eyes with the back of his hand, giving a shaky laugh.
Anna doesn’t lose the cocky grin as she slides into the room, setting down the bag of supplies.
The principal taps her fingers against the desk.
“It was a trick, dear,” Lilith simpers. “And you walked right into it.”
Cas narrows his eyes, shooting him a glare. Charlie scoffs, crossing her arms.
Castiel is still for a moment, then lets out a long breath, laughing on the tail end of it.
“Hold that.”
“The moon is in your skin,” he murmurs, pressing chaste kisses down the line of Castiel’s neck. Castiel shudders.
“Is that so.”
The cool night air whips his face, and he realizes he’s flying, actually
Castiel snarls, pushing uselessly against her grip. She digs her nails into his skin, leering.
“Dammit, Cas—“
And the worst part is, Dean likes Eileen.
“You’re my sister," Castiel breathes.
“No matter,” he says serenely.
Sam kneels down at Bobby’s side, but the old man shakes his head and waves him away.
“Meg’s,” they say in unison.
“Cas?”
He squeezes Dean’s hand, voice gentle in his ear.
Emmanuel snorts, shaking his head.
“What am I without my grace, Cas?” He asks. “I’m not a guardian, I’m not useful, I’m just…here.”
“Dean.”
“Three hundred dollars. Barely even worth it.”
Bobby shakes his head.
“And not a scratch on her,” Emmanuel says, then smiles. “Hey, Jo.”
The rider slowly turns his head, seeming to be searching for something, peering out from underneath his pale hat.
Castiel laughs.
Anna stares at the room in front of her, not moving a muscle.
"Alastair."
Dean turns bright red.
He’s watching him carefully, and Castiel hides his trembling hands behind his back.
He looks, following the direction of Naomi's gaze. She waves her knife hand lazily, indicating the black-eyed demons keeping guard.
Sam tried to reassure Pam as much, who grudgingly agreed and returned to the inn, threatening to have Sam's hide if he didn’t come fetch her right away once Dean came back.
,” he cries out.
Castiel gasps, nodding shakily. His hands grip Dean’s so tight they start to hurt.
“I never really got to tell you, I never had the chance to—“
Dean opens his mouth hotly, but Charlie cuts him off.
“What’s going on?”
Sam smirks, reaching out to pluck at Dean’s dress shirt.
She twirls her hand and Castiel collapses at her feet, forced to bow down.
“Then again. You bastards all look alike to me.”
“A woman on the throne," the man hisses. "What do women know of ruling?"
“Well, that would have solved all your problems, wouldn’t it?” Castiel snaps.
“She paid a visit to dear sweet Castiel.”
Castiel glances at Anna. She stands, her eyes narrowed as well.
“Ah, hell,” Castiel grumbles, reaching to pick it up.
Castiel holds tight to Dean's wrist.
“Dean,” he breathes. “I missed you.”
“Nothing you haven’t seen before, Samantha.”
“Watch your tongue,” Abaddon snarls.
“What the hell are you talking about?” She breathes. Raphael slowly points the knife at her.
He knows it’s way too early, judging by the sun and the odd angle at which it’s peeking through the window. He stretches and yawns, smoothing his hands over the rough cotton sheets of the motel bed.
“Yeah?”
Cas’s voice echoes in and around his head.
“Yeah?”
“I don’t know,” Dean mutters.
Sam just shrugs. Dean presses a hand to his head, breathing in deep.
Dean bolts up, scrambling to look over the side of the couch.
“Same time next week?”
Dean slowly lowers his drink.
She turns, catching his eyes for the first time.
Cas looks up.
“What?”
“Uh…ye—yeah.”
He squeezes more aloe out onto Cas’s back, and he hisses, flinching.
Dean kisses Castiel in earnest, one hand coming to his back, pulling him in. Castiel knows they shouldn’t do this, because Dean will have to leave, he always leaves, and it would make it that much worse. Castiel tries to restrain himself, but it’s so goddamn hard—
There, thrashing in torment and fury, Mad Michael, owl magician, gives up his life.
He trundles off into the old weeds, glancing back over his shoulder. He should be hidden from view by now.
Castiel shakes his head, explaining quickly.
“Flying...isn’t as easy—as it used to be,” he says weakly.
“Red—please. Let me explain.”
“Well...I have to say.”
“What’s a man to do?” He spreads his hands. “I like my drinks, I like my girls.”
Sam holds up the heavy book, tilting it so they can see the title.
Castiel breathes hard, trying to push against the angel’s power, because yes, it had to be an angel—
An angel had been watching over him.
“Angels can’t get out of it, right? So they can’t get in either?”
“Shit,” he says, almost surprised. “Yeah." He steps into the room. "Must’ve been about six, seven?”
She freezes.
Cas groans, balling a hand into a fist.
Dean shuffles through endless lists, of courses, of choices—listening to Bobby drone on and on about oxen and pigs and bread, how many barrels of ale are being shipped in from Laurence.
Eileen.
“Well.”
It was not allowed.
>charlie gave me your number
Dean snorts.
She shakes her head, going back to her computer.
But Castiel doesn’t let her finish. He’s down the hall and outside before he knows it, his heartbeat loud and thick in his ears.
Oh. That puts him somewhere close to Dean’s age.
Anna is calling to him, but Castiel chooses not to hear her. He stumbles across the broken earth, looking around wildly.
He curses.
“Ashcroft,” Sam repeats, thinking quickly. “Then I’ll go there.”
Sam scowls, trying to comb his hair back into place.
He presses his palms to his eyes, trying to call back the vision.
It’s just as he remembers it. Hymnals stuffed haphazardly on their shelves, weathered and well-used, the rickety pews in front of the altar—all under a thick coating of dust.
He smiles evilly, leaning in.
“Oh.” Dean shrugs, gesturing towards the chair by the door. “You can just toss it there.”
“Whoa, wait, is she—”
He steps forward, uncertain. She grabs his arm and before Sam can resist, she’s pulling him into an alcove, clapping a hand over his mouth.
Castiel is 27. It's the first birthday without Dean.
Dean’s heartbeat drums steadily against his ribs, and he swallows, refocusing. Sure enough, there’s a splash of green among the endless drab orange rock, right where a rider would first come into range. Dean clears his throat.
“Sure to be on our trail…”
She yanks him up, ice blue eyes on his.
“You are determined to be a threat to my charge,” Dean intones. “You cannot be allowed to live any longer.”
“And it’s his mom’s old ring?” She asks, awed.
“Well, fucking thank you,” Anna spits.
Dean grabs her wrist, his eyes full of pain.
Forced to raise my blade against my own brother, I…I just couldn’t.
The room goes utterly cold. A slow, creeping cold, soaking into his very soul. The air in the room is suddenly too thin, and Castiel can’t breathe, his heart thudding frantically in his chest.
Sam is beaming, practically shining like the sun. Dean doesn’t want to sour his mood, but he’s pissed, at Sam, at his shitty life, at this stupid club—and he needs an outlet for that frustration.
Dean grips the front of his shirt, struggling to keep his breath even.
“Balthazar.”
“What do you want, dork,” Cas says, a sly smile spreading across his face. Dean hastily shrugs.
“No,” Dean pants. “Like this―I want you just like this. Right now.”
Dean stoops to collect the knife, wiping it briefly on his shirt before he walks back over to the pair of them. He wordlessly holds out the blade, hilt first.
But he ached. Oh, how he ached. To talk to Castiel, just be with him, to hear him say his name. Dean had so many questions—whether he preferred the stars or the sun, why the smell of roses reminded him of his mother, why he kept waking up in the middle of the night, and if he sometimes wished for someone to hold him, when the loneliness broke through, showed on his face—despite all his attempts to keep it hidden.
Castiel clears his throat.
Bobby jerks his head.
The woman elbows Dean in the ribs.
Castiel snarls and kicks Gordon in the chest on his next attack, sending him flying backwards.
“That’s…”
But there’s nothing he can do. A sick crack echoes through the air, and Naomi sneers, casting her aside like a defective toy.
“Then what the hell are we gonna do with him?” Gabriel seethes, glaring at Dean.
"If Dad could see us now," Anna says dryly.
Castiel looks at him. Gabriel shrugs, his voice shaky.
Once he had moved in, he had to find a place to conceal the ring where Cas wasn’t going to find it. He originally thought about the underwear drawer, where Dean hides the pink panties that they bring out for ‘special occasions’. They’re definitely
“Oof.” She grimaces. “Bit of a fixer upper, huh?”
“No, no,
Castiel can't stop shaking his head, sputtering vehemently.
Castiel shakily sets the bottle of antiseptic on the table, pushing himself up.
“Don’t even get me started on you,” Cas says as he glares at Gabriel.
Dean clears his throat, straightening.
Behind Dean, Gabriel scowls, retreating back to his chair and flopping down in it.
“And without any further ado―”
“Joanna Beth Harvelle, this is not a discussion.” Ellen stares down her daughter, fire in her eyes. “If you stay here, you will die. I’m not going to let that happen.”
Sam clears his throat.
“How did they find me? The angels.” He feels a twist of panic. “And now—won’t they—won’t they come back?”
“This…this’ll need stitches.”
Abaddon stops in front of him.
Sam crosses his arms, but doesn’t interrupt. Dean pitches with hope. Sam’s starting to crack.
Castiel raises an eyebrow.
He turns and presses his back against the door, blowing his breath out.
“What?”
body pressed up against Castiel’s own.
A beat, but then there's a rustle of movement, and what steps out from behind the trees is the very last thing Dean expects.
<DUDE
He grabs Dean’s hands, bringing them to his own face.
Castiel fingers with the edges of the letter. It’s all official looking, with JURY SUMMONS emblazoned on it in red letters. He chews at the corner of his lip, thinking.
Dean is still for a moment, but then starts to pick up the extra strips of bloody black cloth, his face drawn.
Dean rolls his eyes, thinking of the name that decorates nearly half of the guns in the West.
Castiel laughs, grabbing his mug before heading back towards his room.
Charlie curses under her breath.
He wants to be furious at him. He wants to be angry, and he has every right to be, but he suddenly realizes, he doesn't want to fight anymore.
Anna sighs.
And then Friday came, with no Cas.
He stands, shaking out his frozen limbs before he darts back inside, pulling the great heavy door closed behind him. He sinks against the wood, sucking down the warm dusty air of the church.
“No—“
Dean grabs Castiel’s collar and pulls him in for another kiss, Castiel pressing him back up against the wall.
Castiel has never done anything deserving of that. He's never had a relationship that lasted over three months, he never finished high school—he hasn’t fucking done anything of value. He couldn’t even save the lives that mattered, he couldn’t save his family, his mother, his father—
He stands and paces away from him, twisting his hands.
His eyes are filling with tears.
“I do. God, I do.” He chuckles nervously. “Just wasn’t sure you did.”
“Hoo boy,” the shorter man says, chuckling. “He nearly got you, Em.”
“What?” Castiel yells. “
He crushes Castiel to him, kissing him so fiercely that all the sound dims for a moment, and Castiel is left dazed, barely able to breathe. Dean shoves back from him and flips over, grasping at the sheets.
“Castiel,” Dean blurts.
The sheriff comes back, looking happier than Castiel’s seen in days.
Dean snorts, walking into the kitchen, opening up all the cabinets and peering inside.
But he obliges him, and props the scrying glass up on a planter box, positioning it so they can still talk while Dean checks on his seedlings.
“Dammit, Dean,
“We kissed.”
He can’t be imagining that.
Castiel’s heart seizes. He knew it,
They both glance at Sam, who’s buried his nose back in the book.
“Things are about to get real smitey.”
Emmanuel looks at him, raising an eyebrow.
Which is why it feels like a knife to the gut when he rounds the corner, and the post is empty.
“Guess there’s no talking my way outta this one,” he muttered. “No more deals to make.”
“No.”
Anna stands quickly, cutting through their muttered arguing with a loud voice.
He points at the display case.
“We can’t just stroll in there,” Uriel continues, his voice an oily purr. “Den of outlaws like that, they’d shut down quicker than a snare trap.”
Naomi perks up at that.
He throws himself behind a stack of half-rotted barrels, peering out at the chaos in the street.
It’s been a week, and he still doesn’t feel like himself. He just feels…
Castiel abruptly stops. They’re not there.
Dean mouth parts silently, his eyes wide. Castiel sees his fear, his silence, and pulls him in close, leaning his forehead against Dean’s.
She stands, staring down at his broken form.
“It’s a car.”
A few days later, he gets another envelope for Dean.
He has quick words with Max and Alicia, who are planning to stay on with Benny, then starts towards the door. Max gives Dean a cheeky wink as he leaves, and Dean quickly turns his back, his face flushing.
He manhandles him, turning Castiel around to face him. All the air disappears from his lungs.
“I’m not nearly drunk enough for this,” Dean mutters, downing half his glass. Charlie stands.
Castiel gets put on hold, he’s transferred several times—and when he’s finally speaking to an actual human being, they question everything he says, doubt that he knows what he’s talking about in every syllable.
, no.”
He closes his eyes, listening to him breathe.
are going to find a solution.”
Castiel manages to grab one of Michael’s wings, twisting it—wrenching him off Dean and dragging him to the ground. The magician snarls, flailing onto his back, ink-black wings buffeting the air.
Dean blinks his eyes open slowly.
“Spit it out, kid.”
They explain exactly how the drinking game works and crack out the beer. Sam takes to it exceptionally well, surprising them all, and by the time Castiel reaches the bottom of his third (fourth?) glass, he’s feeling all warm and light.
“Let me help, then.”
, and I have for a long time, even if I didn’t see it, and I just – I want this. Us.”
He knows it because how else could one explain the heartache he’s felt, every time he watched him die; how could one explain this monumental feeling of loss, that gaping, dark hole in his chest aching with every unexpected memory of those better days. How could he feel so alive and whole and
If there’s one thing Dean knows, with unwavering certainty, it’s that he loves Cas.
„It’s okay. You can go now.”
, who must know that it’s too early to talk about it. So they leave the bench, and it’s fascinating how familiar even the gravel beneath his boots feels. His breath catches in his throat when he spots the Impala parked just around the corner, and he can’t help but stop, run a hand over the bonnet and let the memories flood his mind.
, who cared about the whole world because – no, he can’t go there, it’s a dangerous memory, it’s a kind of hurt that he’s kept stored away, safe in a corner of his soul unless he does the wrong thing and talks about it. That loss is still too raw, too overwhelming, and this is Heaven, he shouldn’t have these memories here.
There’s a shimmer in his eyes that has nothing to do with the neon light of the street lamp. Suddenly he looks much younger, like he did back then, and it makes Dean wonder how long Cas would have waited here if he hadn’t been so utterly stupid to get killed by a damn piece of iron and vampire clowns.
He leaves the bar just as the band starts to play. The Impala is still in its spot, key in the ignition. The inside smells of cheeseburgers, gasoline, fresh earth; he can even detect Sam’s aftershave lingering subtly in the passenger seat.
, wherever it is.
Heaven is, after all, a place of memories.
Cas opens his mouth as if to say something, but he remains silent. He waits, as he always does, and suddenly Dean doesn’t know what to say. There’s so much that he
“Can you – can you see what’s going on… back there?” he asks, a question that he didn’t know he had.
“Me, too.”
Truth is, he’s never thought about Cas that way. Hell, he isn’t even sure if Cas thinks about him
“He’s gonna be here, you know?”
There’s a lump in his throat the size of a pool ball. He throws a sideway glance at Bobby, cap slightly frayed at the edges, grey beard and worn out jeans, and he doesn’t look a day older than he did when he was wheeled away on that gurney a lifetime ago.  It makes him wonder how his parents will look like. Do people age in this kind of Heaven? Do they de-age?
“He died, Bobby. He gave his life for mine, and what did I do? Get myself killed anyway.” His throat hurts when the words leave his mouth. He can barely look at Bobby, and he wonders how he’ll ever be able to look at Cas again. Cas, who wanted him to have a life. Who wanted him to be happy. “How can he ever forgive that?”
And it occurs to him that Bobby probably doesn’t even know what happened. He may have talked to Cas, practical discussions about how this new Heaven works, probably asking for him and Sam, but anything else?
“It’s a coverband, moron.”
It’s such a Jo thing to say, and Dean lets out a shaky laugh. He takes a beer from Ellen. He’s aware of the fact that no one is asking him what happened. He’s grateful; there are things he cannot say out loud, not now, maybe never. He doesn’t know how much time passes, it could be minutes, it could be days. It’s good to be home. It really is.
But Sam’s not here.
“Hello, Dean.”
The single word stops Cas’ monologue, and Dean realizes that he’s grabbed his friend by the wrist. His throat is dry and his knees are shaking a little.
“Cas… please.”
He feels rather than hears Cas chuckle quietly, so unexpectedly that he pulls away from the embrace.
Bobby scratches him head and remains silent for a moment.
And so he walks, it’s not that far, and he tries as hard as he can to push aside those other memories. Sam’s forehead pressed against his own, his touch the one thing keeping him from breaking apart; the Empty and Death and Castiel,
“Yeah, I just – I thought he –“
“I should have tried to get you back,” he murmurs, “I should have looked for you, and I wanted to, Cas, you gotta believe me, I wanted to, but I was – I was afraid. And I – I shouldn’t even say that, it’s so cheap, and you deserve better. I need you, but I don’t deserve you.”
okay, not like this, it wasn’t supposed to end like this; but there’s no saving him now, no God given intervention, nothing good ever comes out of it. And maybe this is still better than the million other ways he should have died before and he can feel the pain blossoming in his chest, spreading from that wound that he cannot see but damnit, he
Maybe he’s wrong. Maybe this isn’t the time and place, maybe Cas never meant to wait, how could he, after everything; maybe it really is a closed chapter of a finished story.
Somehow, the second option is almost more frightening.
The two words are so unexpected that Dean lifts his head and narrows his eyes. He almost laughs. The hand leaves his shoulder.
“I’ll go for a ride.”
This isn’t right. The air feels wrong in his lungs, but he can feel his heart beating, so that's something.
“Sam’s doing alright, Dean. I know that’s what you’re asking, isn’t it?”
He can feel Cas breathing against him, one hand on his neck, one on his back.
“Thank you, Bobby. I’ll be back, I promise.”
He hates himself for thinking that at least it brought him back here.
He feels a hand on his shoulder. Bobby is looking at him, as always understanding what Dean cannot fathom himself.
“Do you lovebirds need another moment?” Bobby asks, raising his eyebrows in mockery, and it’s Dean’s turn to roll his eyes and follow the older man into the house.
“Jack did all this?” he asks in awe.
His voice cracks under the truth, his breath catches in his throat.
, and maybe this isn’t the way he wanted it, but it’s peaceful, and ordinary, some ironic twist of fate that has led to this place, and maybe, just maybe, he can rest now.
“You okay, boy?”
“I want you to be happy, Dean. More than anything, I want you to be happy.”
“Stay.”
“So it’s the opposite of,”
“Let’s go home,” he mumbles, suddenly overwhelmed by the moment. “It’s a long ride.”
His breath hitches at the last words. Yes, this Heaven is a wonderful place. But he can’t help thinking that he shouldn’t be here. Not yet. His friend died to give him a life, and he wasted this golden ticket.
“Last time we spoke about you, he said that you’d be here eventually. Said he’d just wait here, then.”
“Wanna get inside? The others will be happy to see you. That is, after they’ve kicked your ass for getting here so soon.”
Dean knows that his friend would like to ask more, find out what happened, but it’s Bobby. Bobby who always just
, the world stops spinning and the earth settles firmly beneath his boots.
It’s been a long decade, after all.
“Cas, I’m so,
“Cas –“
The thought hasn’t even crossed his mind, and Dean feels his cheeks burning with shame. Of course he should see them, it’s the logical thing to do, they’re family. He misses his mother, has missed her all his life and then some more after her second death.
“Dean.”
“I guess so. It’s a mysterious place we’re in. There’s just a vague sense of time, and it changes constantly. It’s hard to explain, but you’ll find that out for yourself.”
There’s always something about Cas’ presence that just grounds him. Something that puts the earth back under his feet; he used to think it was an angel thing, but it’s nothing divine or holy. It’s just Cas.
So maybe he was scared, at first. Scared of the implications of Cas’ confession, afraid to dig deeper into his own mind and maybe find something he wouldn’t like.
It’s that fact that he cannot forgive; although he knows that it was, logically, the right thing to do, the thing Cas
Suddenly the memories come crashing in on him; he feels his hands start to shake as he recalls those last moments, the gaping wound in his heart throbbing with every broken sob echoing from the walls when Death, and Cas, are long gone.
“Cas?”
Now he really laughs, but it’s a bitter laugh. It’s so typically Cas, they’ve done this a dozen times before and he’s just so
it, feels the rebar move as he breathes too shallowly, and he knows that the adrenaline that keeps the pain at bay is fading,  and Sammy is crying and he’s got to be strong, one last time, just one smile,
sorry.”
It’s not even his fault that Cas died, deep down he understands that. It’s just such as Cas thing to do, sacrificing himself for the one he loves – a Winchester, through and through, for being a Winchester has never been less about blood than it has been during those last years – and with or without God’s help, there’s nothing Dean could have done to stop him. He’s been down that road before, and it’s not the worst way to go actually, saving someone you love.
Rejection.
“I want you here, Cas. I
in his presence, if he didn’t love him?
, he cannot forgive himself that he never even tried.
“Don’t tell me that’s – they’re not dead, too, are they? Kansas?”
He crosses the short distance between him and Cas with one step, and then he has his fingers curled around the fabric of the familiar coat and his face buried against the crook of Cas’ neck.
And it’s true; Dean thinks back to the Crossroads deal, and it was a shitty deal really, one year for him, a long life for Sam, but he’d do it again any day, no questions asked.
And suddenly the music stops, the room is silent; the words sink in and drown out all the rest as understanding almost pulls the earth from below his feet. Bobby stands there with a smile tugging at the corner of his lips, raising one eyebrow as if it that was enough to confirm what Dean doesn’t even dare to ask.
“Dean… he’ll be here. Soon. No, wait, here me out,” Bobby says when Dean opens his mouth to object, “See, time works differently in Heaven. You’ll see. 40 years on Earth can feel like four weeks in here.”
Cas smiles now, nodding slightly.
“I never meant to hurt you like that.”
His hand slides down Cas’ wrist. He feels Cas’ fingers entwine with his, so naturally, like puzzle pieces finally falling into place.
He opens his eyes, blinking against the brightness, taking a deep breath and –
“Damnit, boy,” he can hear him muttering, voice muffled against his jacket but heavy with grief nonetheless. “You shouldn’t be here. Not now. Not now.”
“Did you speak to him? Do you know where I can find him?”
Instinctively, his hand goes to the waistband of his jeans. No weapon. He’s defenseless, alone; it makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He trains his eyes on the nearby hedge; he swears he can hear the leaves rustling. His breath catches in his throat, he can feel every muscle in his body going taut, and then –
, he almost says, “school.”
He would have switched places with Cas without thinking twice about it.
“Stop it, Cas. Please.”
can be anywhere. Still, he cranes his neck and scans the inside of the Roadhouse, just in case.
“Stopping by at your mum’s and dad’s?”
He steps over the threshold, and for a split second he thinks he’s jumped back in time. He remembers, from the jukebox in the corner to the pool table and the collection of single malt whiskies on the shelf, right below the mirror with the crack in the lower left corner.
He’s said, yelled, cried, whispered the name a hundred times, a thousand times, but now his mouth is dry and his voice is raw as if he’d been screaming for years. And maybe he has, unbeknownst to himself.
Suddenly there’s music from inside the house. It startles him. He knows that song, though he can’t remember the name. Bobby claps his shoulder.
The lights of a small town appear in the distance. There’s something vaguely familiar about the street here, too, though Dean can’t quite put his finger on it. Those small towns all look the same, after all. The night sky is illuminated by neon signs that mute the stars that are still there, even in Heaven. There are a few people up and about as Dean lets the car roll down the street. He tries not to dwell on the fact that they are all dead. A sign on one of the houses catches his eye. It’s a motel, the letters on the sign a little weathered, the curtains still closed in most windows.
"Its dad's secret soup recipe." Emma says.
Attempting to control his laughter, Dean shook his head. "Dont look at me Sammy, Cas is the one who let the cat out of the bag."
Less than thirty minutes later they're in the truck on the way to the ice cream parlor.
"Hey." Sam said. "I told her to reel herself in, otherwise she wouldve pounced on you by now." He glanced at Courtney.
Dean, finally not desperate, took his time to explore Cas' mouth. His lips were warm and soft, and only slightly chapped. Dean slid his tongue into Cas' mouth, actually tasting him. He tasted like rain, and honey, and something else sweet. Dean ran his fingers softly through Cas' hair, making a sweet noise come out of his mouth.
Cas held onto the back of Dean's head, throwing his own head back to give Dean more access. He could feel his already partially hard member, growing harder by the second, pressing into Dean.
They stood like that for a while, just holding onto each other, until the water started to run lukewarm.
"I will as soon as we get home." Claire says. "Come on dad, we have to eat."
Dean turned toward Cas, and leaned in close to his ear, whispering "I wont drink much more. We'll just hang out for a bit, then head to bed." He felt Cas nod against him, then pressed a light kiss to Cas' neck. "You really do look so hot right now."
Cas smiles at him, leans in and kisses him. It's soft and sweet, gentle, and Dean soaks it up. When they pull apart, they're both smiling. "Yes, definitely." Cas says.
"I thought I was meeting you out there. I was just heading there." Dean said gesturing down the hall.
Cas is standing on the deck when he looks up. "I'll be back tomorrow, but probably wont be able to get it done until next weekend." Dean says.
Confused, he nods and moves to the side of the door to slip his shoes on. Once he's outside, Dean heads down the steps and Cas follows him to the driveway. For the first time, Cas notices that Dean's Impala isn't there, instead there's an old truck with a tarp covering the back.
"Yeah, couldnt sleep. What are you doing?" Dean asked.
. Cas, who he wants to spend the rest of his life with. Cas, who he cares for more than he's ever cared about anyone. Cas, who he loves.
Some of the worry falls from Fern Guy's face, and Dean feels better. "Well, thank you." He says.
Dean pushes down the hurt and sadness and embraces the anger once again. It's not right, Cas not even giving him a chance to fix it. He'd thought Cas loved him, but now it just feels like he was nothing. All for what?
Cas took a good look at Dean. "What's wrong with what you're wearing? I think you look very nice."
"Uh, sir? Her water broke." The same man says, and Dean mutters expletives to himself again. He is not delivering a damn baby, he's not.
"Well, I was just wondering. He's been here for us, and you guys really seem to get along fine, so I was wondering if there was anything there between you, you know, other than what happened in the past?"
"Just wait" Dean said. He could feel his heart beating faster by the second. His breath quickening. But looking into Cas' hurt face, he knew it was now or never.
Cas thrust his hips forward and pulled Dean against him at the same time, eliciting a moan from Dean's mouth.
Dean's brow furrows for a moment, then understanding dawns on his face. "Fuck, no that's not what I was saying." He pulls Cas closer to him. "I can see how that sounded like what I was saying, but it wasn't."
They shower, have lunch, and curl up on the couch together, spending the rest of the day watching tv and just enjoying each other's company.
"Dean, what do you want?" Cas asked.
Dean looked into Cas' face at that. He felt bad about listening in, but he couldnt help it. Obviously Cas wasnt going to tell him these things. "I didn't mean to at first. Why didnt you just tell me you were worried about this?"
Once Dean's in his car, he takes a minute to catch his breath. His heart is pumping with adrenaline, he's shaking a bit, and he's pissed. As he starts to calm down, he feels worse and worse over what happened. Not over Gordon, but because of all the trouble his date caused tonight. Dean takes a few deep breaths, then climbs out of the car and heads back into the restaurant, hoping that Gordon is gone by now.
Cas slowed his thrusts until he was empty, collapsing on top of Dean.
"I'm glad to hear it." Sam turns back to the stove and turns the burner off, and a minute later there's a plate filled with bacon and eggs sitting in front of Dean, and Sam sits down next to him with his own plate. "So, what're you gonna do?"
"I don't mind. I'd rather be with you."
Cas twisted his body until he was fully facing Dean, laying his hand on Dean's thigh, and lightly rubbing it.
"Seriously, Dean?" Cas asked, annoyed.
Dean looked at Cas, then back at Sam. "We just took the long way back." He shrugged.
"I kissed him back. For just a minute. Then I freaked out and ran. I went to the bar, and met some chick, we talked for a while, then I kissed her. I couldnt stop thinking about the kiss with Cas though, so I stopped it. And when I looked up, Cas was standing there, just watching me make out with this chick, when he'd just kissed me hours before. I chased after him, but he was gone. I'm such a fucking idiot." Dean got it all out as fast as he could, and looked up at Sam.
Dean had other, more private plans in mind for tonight, but he nodded. "Sure, Cas."
He's sad and alone and he knows its pathetic, but that doesn't stop him from taking a tub of ice cream, pouring chocolate sauce all up in it, and taking it into the livingroom with a spoon to eat his feelings away.
"We don't have to." Cas says, looking into Dean's eyes. "I want to, but it's okay if you want to wait."
Cas wedged himself in between Dean's legs, pulling him right to the edge of the desk and up against him.
"Dean" the way Cas says his name makes his blood run cold. "I- there was a dog- I don't know-" His voice is shaking and Dean can hear tears in it.
Cas drags himself out of bed, downs some coffee, and grabs his keys. He climbs into his truck, the truck that Dean fixed not long after they got together, and another wave of guilt and sadness slams into him. Resting his head on the steering wheel, he gives himself a minute to pull himself together. He's got shit to do before he picks Lunch up, and he needs to go.
"It's cool. Just, grab a seat." Dean says, settling down into his chair and starting the bus back up. He flips the off duty sign, and heads toward the station, pulling in within five minutes like he'd said.
"Teenagers. No matter how hard you try, their natural instincts kick in and everything you've taught them goes out the window."
Dean stood staring at the clothes on his bed for a while. "Eh fuck it" he said out loud to himself, and dropped his robe. He grabbed socks and underwear out of his top drawer, and began to get dressed.
"Oh, thank you but I'm okay." Cas says, shifting nervously. "I should actually go."
"And, if you had?" Cas says. "Say you'd sent a message, and he found out, and did who knows what to you. Do you think I could've forgiven myself for putting you through that?"
As they pulled onto the road that led up to the bunker, Courtney leaned forward again. "Okay, so if you guys are taking me here to kill me, just tell me now." She said, looking around. She chuckled a little, but was also a little serious.
Dean shrugs. "It's what I do." He unlocks the doors, and they both slide in.
"Oh, yeah." Dean blushes a bit, and Cas isn't sure why, but the color definitely suits him.
Cas grabbed the waist of Dean's sweat pants and boxers, and slid them down, pulling them off and tossing them to the floor.
All the way back to his car, he's admonishing himself. What the hell was he thinking, offering to give a complete stranger and his
Dean looked down at himself. "I need a shower." He turned toward the hall and started walking. Then he stopped, and turned around to look at Cas. "You coming?" He asked.
"So, what is this exactly?" She asks, pointing between the two of them. So much for he and Cas talking about it first.
"What?" Cas asks.
Dean drove the long road in silence, thoughts of Cas flitting across his mind. The way Cas looked at him, touched him, made him feel something for once.
Sam stood there for a moment, shaking his head and rolling his eyes. "You're running away."
Pushing his plate away, he looks everywhere but at the man sitting across from him, worried about how much trouble Cas got into because of this asshole.
"Anyway, that's about it. It's just been me and Emma. And Sam, of course. He's married, has a couple of kids of his own. Became a lawyer, no big surprise there."
"Slow down, take a breath. What happened?" Dean says, walking even faster to his car.
Dean just smiled and waved at the stool to his right.
"Hey, Sam said you would probably be out here." She said, stepping up next to him. "Whatre you working on?"
"Dean" he replied, grasping her hand and giving it a small shake. "Nice to meet you." Dean picked up his glass and took a small drink from it. "Havent seen you here before." He said.
Cas shook his head. "Its nothing."
"Getting me drunk isn't going to get me up on that stage, Dean." Cas said, already reaching for the liquor.
Shaking his head, Dean pushes Cas hand back a little. "Like I said, you earned it, owner or not."
"You heard me." Cas says, pressing their bodies back together so Dean can feel that he's already half hard.
Dean sighs. "I came home from work one day, and she was just gone. Emma was with a babysitter, some teenager I didn't even know, and there was a note. It basically said sorry, I never wanted the kid, yeah that's what she called her, and only did it to make you happy, and it's my turn to be happy. We haven't heard from her since, aside from divorce papers and court papers assigning me full custody, that arrived in the mail a few weeks later with no return address."
As they entered the war room, Sam was already at the table with 2 open boxes of pizza. Dean and Cas grabbed the seats across from him, as Sam looked at them with a smirk on his face.
"Sure, that's fine. I can make lunch if she's staying that long. Burgers?" Dean asks, before shoving another too big bite into his mouth.
"Hey, you're later than usual." Cas says. After a moment, his smile starts to faulter and he walks around the island until he's standing in front of Dean. "What happened?"
He turns to look at Cas as he's unbuckling his seatbelt. Cas hesitates with his hand on the door. "Well, thank you. For the ride, and being so understanding." He says, pulling his bottom lip into his mouth and biting down.
Dean stared at Cas for second, before a smile broke out on his face. Cas felt his worry evaporate.
"No, no, I'm good. Really." Dean says, holding up a hand.
Dean shivers and smiles, goosebumps raising along his body at the soft touches Cas is pressing into him. "Good morning sunshine." Dean says, voice still rough with sleep.
Cas, the perceptive angel that he was, picked up on it almost immediately. As Dean went to start the popcorn machine (a purchase he told Sammy was a necessity), Cas slowly walked up behind him.
Feeling arms wrap around his waist, Cas sighs and leans back into Dean. "That's all of it." Dean says, kissing Cas' temple.
"Okay, why was that so weird?" Emma asks, the second the door is closed.
"What happened last night?" He asked.
Cas took a deep breath and sighed. Fingers playing with the mug in front of him, Cas steeled himself with the nerve to ask Dean what hed been wondering all night.
Dean shrugged. "All of them. Vampires, werewolves, shifters."
--'yes!
-----
"Yeah" Dean huffs an unamused laugh. "Yeah, seriously. It was that, or move out, and I just… I couldn't not say anything anymore. Got this stupid fucking flower and everything." He shakes his head and looks down into his lap. "I got there, and he comes out of his room, looking all," Dean waves his hand around, "ya know? And I'm gonna tell him, and I'm nervous as hell, but he looks so good and I know it's gonna be okay."
Dean shook his head and grinned. "Sure Cas, whatever you say." He walked away.
Once Cas sits back, Charlie looks at him seriously. "Okay, what the heck is going on? You're here, like this," she waves a hand in Cas' direction, "and I haven't been able to get a hold of Dean in days."
Gabriel knows about Dean. He's always know about him, even while they were dating. He knows what Dean did, and was, surprisingly, one of the only people who helped him pull his shit together when Amelia got pregnant.
Cas wakes up to quiet talking across the room.
"Why?" Cas asked, his voice quiet and rough. He could feel Dean's hand wrap around his upper arm, and let him turn him around.
"You didn't even ask me." Dean says quietly, after a minute.
"I'm not leaving." Emma says as soon as Cas has left the room, and it takes Dean a minute because he's still reeling from everything that happened.
Dean stops walking, and stares at Cas' back. Did he just say... "Did you just say she's lunch?" Dean asks incredulously. After everything Cas did to save those stupid chickens.
Pulling his lips away, Cas moves down Dean's neck, wanting to taste his skin. He licks, then bites down gently into the soft skin of Dean's neck, and Dean moans, dropping his head back, his hips thrusting up into Cas'. Their cocks meet through their clothes, and the immense pleasure that courses through Cas is overpowering. He wants more. Rolling his own hips down, Cas groans into Dean's neck. It feels so good, he wants this.
"Alright, hurry and get your shoes on. And grab a sweater. Oh and grab a blanket for Claire." He's made it to the stairs, and concentrates on making it down them while holding a teenager princess style and not falling and breaking their necks.
Dean was in heaven, metaphorically of course. There were so many old cars, plaques of information, and artist renderings, Dean didnt even know where to start.
"Ahh relationship troubles." She said, lightly rubbing his arm.
A half hour or so later, Dean found himself laughing and leaning in more towards Courtney, placing his hand on her arm, or her back. His usual moves.
"I'm sorry Cas" was Dean's response.
"Definitely! We'll have to get together for a game night or something sometime, it's a blast." She says.
"I am so tired of this Chuck bullshit. Cant we have 2 seconds of a win without being dragged back in?" He growled.
anything, and Cas is all but gone.
"Just couldnt sleep. And not all of us go to bed as early as an old man, like you. Couldnt even make it through a movie" Dean responded.
She sighs. "I do, but it's not my place to say. I told him to tell you, but like I said, he doesn't like to talk about it."
Dean shakes his head and stands up, walking around the couch to get to the kitchen. "No" he says defensively. Dean pulls open the fridge and reaches for a beer, popping it open and taking a long drink.
"Its fine Sammy. I just needed a little alone time." Dean said.
Without saying a word, Dean strode over to Cas and pushed him up against the door. Feeling a need he couldnt explain, he pressed his lips against Cas'.
Dean pulls back a little and looks into his eyes, and Cas can see that Dean wants this as much as he does. When Dean nods, Cas presses one more kiss to his lips and grabs his hand, pulling him into the house.
He stopped at the bathroom, then headed to the kitchen, where he found Sam sitting at the table drinking coffee.
"Yes there is," Cas says, wanting to run and hide, but unable to look away.
Dean held his hand up, stopping Sam once again.
"I won't, I promise." She says, and they go back to their ice cream.
"No, Charlie. I don't want to talk about it. You're right, it was a long time ago. But I still can't-" Dean swallows around the lump forming in his throat. "I just can't."
"Hey, Sammy, we have company." Dean said.
Getting up, Cas looks at the time and heads into his room, then the bathroom to take a shower, emotions flooding through him. He wants to believe Dean would have talked to him about it soon, but the evidence on the computer certainly tells another story. How long has he even been planning this?
"Sammy's pissed" Dean said, smiling a little. "But I dont even care. It was a great night."
Cas had grown completely hard again, and could feel that Dean was straining against his pants.
"Cas, look at me please" Dean said. Cas looked up into Dean's eyes. "Please forgive me. It was wrong and I regret those words. I regret making you feel that way. I'm sorry." With that, Dean leaned forward and pressed a light kiss to Cas' lips.
, and Dean can't get enough.
"Are you okay, Dean?" He heard Cas' voice, and popped his eyes open.
Cas' stomach flipped. Even freaking out, Dean still thought about his comfort and brought him clean clothes.
Cas' smile lit up his eyes, and Dean had never seen something so beautiful.
anymore. He could tell Cas, but the thought of that makes his heart rate spike just thinking about it. All the risks he'd be taking, if Cas doesn't feel the same way. Part of him believes it'd be worth it, with the slim chance that Cas feels the same, but risking losing what they have, he's not sure he can do it.
"Yeah" Dean replied, heading to the coffee pot and pouring himself some.
He still wants to ask, but he doesn't.
Dean explains, very briefly, what he uses and what needs done, before Cas interrupts him. "Yes, I've used this a lot. I can look it over and probably have it fixed by tomorrow, if you can be without your laptop for the night."
"You made yourself perfectly clear Dean. I understand. I understand why. I just... I cant be here right now." Cas said soberly.
The room shook, breaking them apart. Dean looked desperately at Sam for help, but he was busy holding onto Courtney, who looked terrified.
Their voices move further away and Dean can't hear any more of what's said. Eventually, the front door clicks closed and the bedroom door opens a minute later.
Cas could feel his pulse speed up, anticipating Dean's next action.
Dean smiles to himself, feeling happiness flood through him.
"Thank you Doctor Mills." Cas replies, shaking her hand. She nods and walks away, and Cas turns to Dean for a second then looks away, biting his lip. "I guess we should go."
"Dean" Cas gasped out.
Cas paused. "Jack's dead. Chuck's gone. You and Sam have each other." Cas turned halfway around and took one last look at Dean. "I think it's time for me to move on." Then he turned around and continued to walk away.
"You want sugar?" Cas interrupted him.
"I'll see you later." Cas says, already feeling the anticipation of their evening flow through him.
Letting out a breath, Cas pulls away from the house and steels himself for what is bound to be a very long and gruelling few hours.
"What's this project you two are doing?" Dean asks, twirling pasta onto his fork.
When Sam came in this time, Dean just glared at him.
"I'm not really sure" Cas starts, stepping back into Dean's personal space. "What part of this made you think I only wanted sex. I really do have to work, and I didn't want to make you leave this early in the morning to take me back there. I was trying to be considerate."
"I was just wondering, what happened, to Emma's mother." Cas says. He knows he's crossing a line here, but he can't go back now.
Out of sight, Dean's heart rate started to increase. Cas was worried he was going to have a melt down. Shit.
Jesus, Dean fucked this up. He didn't even mean to say it, it was just a random thought in his head, a feeling, and he still has yet to learn to think before he speaks.
He couldn't hold it back anymore. Dean let himself go, feeling his orgasm rip through his body, shuddering and moaning Cas' name.
After dinner, the rest of their evening is spent on the couch together, watching a movie and throwing snacks back and forth at each other. A typical Friday night in the Winchester house.
Claire's facade slips just a little, before she pulls it back in place. "It's fine. I know it was necessary. Can I please just go?"
He really does need the work, as his errands (aka his job searching) that morning had, in fact, not panned out the way he'd hoped.
Cas shook his head and sat there for a moment, before standing up and turning around. "No, Dean. I didnt leave. But I probably should have." He was angry.
"I did. A woman went into labor, her water broke, so I took her to the hospital. I was only fifteen minutes behind and got back on schedule pretty fast." Dean says, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.
"And you're not a 'shit person' as you put it. You dont have to be a bad person to panic about something new. It's a natural human reaction. But with who you are, that kind of panic could end this. I know you Dean. Its felt inevitable since the second you kissed me" Cas said. That was it, it was out there and he couldnt take it back.
Courtney grabbed a beer, popped the cap off, took a swig, and said "So, Sam, you hunt monsters too?"
Dean took one more look at Cas then climbed out of the car. "No, we're good." He said, watching Cas get out of his side.
"And then Claire said 'I'll tell you where you can stick it. And... Dad, are you even listening to me?"
"I am perfectly capable of handling this Dean. You have... more important things to be dealing with. Here." Sam reached out and grabbed Dean's arm, stopping him as he tried to throw more stuff in the bag.
"I am an angel of the lord, Dean. You underestimate my strength, and over estimate my patience" he growled.
He watches Dean dig in the fridge for bottles, then sets two of them on the island. Dean takes a drink from one, and looks at Cas, then looks away like he can't stand it.
It's silent as they catch their breaths, and Cas feels a contentment he hasn't felt in so very long. It was perfect, Dean's perfect, this moment is perfect, his chest is filled to bursting, and it hits him...
"I figured you'd drive something old and beautiful." Cas says, looking over the car appreciatively.
Cas can't help the smile that spreads across his face. Damnit, why does the man have to be so cute?
Dean laughs lightly against his lips. "You in a hurry?"
"Well, what I wanted to say was hell yeah, but I thought that might come off as a little enthusiastic. So, okay." Dean says, his own smile tugging at his lips.
"I'll see you in the morning?" Cas said. It wasnt meant to be a question, but as it came out of his mouth it turned into one. Something happened in Dean's head, Cas could tell.
After a moment, another man chimes in. "It seems she's in labor."
"Dean, you act like you've forgotten that I've known you for eleven years. I can tell when somethings wrong. What is it?" Cas stated.
As they're getting close, driveway coming into view, it starts to rain. A few trickles to start, but before long it's coming down in thick rivulets.
Cas nodded, returning to his coffee.
Cas takes in his daughter. He knows he's being worked over, but he can also see the tension and sadness hiding behind her usual look of contempt.
They returned to their plates and finished eating. Once done, they took the plates to the sink.
"Yeah. What's going on?" Sam asks, and Cas can hear the concern.
"Alright, I don't see why not, as long as your homework is done." He says.
Dean turned the corner into the kitchen, and there Cas was, sitting at the table with his back to Dean.
"Uh, yeah, so I was almost home when I heard clucking in my backseat. Heather stowed away." Dean says.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, and the two stood there kissing for several minutes.
"You needed a damn fence, so I'm building you a damn fence" Dean says angrily, then turns back to what he's doing.
--'Why would you do that? Was it an emergency?'
Dean's cock was right there, in front of him, and Cas couldn't resist anymore. He lowered his head, taking the tip of it in his mouth and swirling his tongue around it. Dean's hips bucked up as he whimpered, and Cas sank down, taking the rest of Dean's length into his mouth as he pushed a second finger into Dean. The taste exploded on Cas' tongue, and a moan forced it's way out of his chest that he was tasting Dean.
Taking the queue, Cas climbed up to his knees and swung one leg over Dean's lap again. Popping his mouth off Dean's, he kissed along his jawline to his neck, stopping there to suckle a mark into it.
Cas sighs, pain radiating through his chest again. "More than anything."
"Hmm?" Cas said, looking back up at Dean.
They headed outside, and started walking towards Baby, as Dean dug through his pockets for his keys.
"Its an angelic name. The seraph Castiel, angel of the lord." Cas said, in his straightforward way.
Suddenly there was movement in the doorway behind Sam, and Cas walked into the room. Dean could feel his heart start to pound, and his hands start to shake a little. "Cas" he whispered.
Dean kissed Cas' hair again. "Hey, roll over and I'll grab something to clean you up."
"I'm all ears." Dean replies, but he doesn't stop walking until Cas places his hand on Dean's arm again.
The rest of the day passed pretty quickly. Dean made himself busy around the bunker with various tasks. He finished washing his bedding, and decided to wash his clothes too, since it seemed like Cas might be wearing them more often, along with the bedding he'd stuffed in the bottom of his closet yesterday. He also cleaned the kitchen and the bathroom.
"Mhmm. Well you're gonna have to make time now. Cas deserves that. Ahah!" She said, pulling something from the very back of his closet.
"What?" Dean said again, and turned to see what Cas was staring at.
He can see Dean is a little nervous now. "We don't have to do anything, if you don't want to. If it's too fast or whatever" Dean says.
When Cas wakes up, he's alone in Dean's bed. Dean's already gone to work, as he'd told him the night before, and he can't help but already miss Dean's presence after spending the last few days basking in it. Cas enjoys a few minutes curled up in Dean's bed, his scent surrounding him, letting himself enjoy it.
Once again, Dean drifted off to sleep, only to dream about that awful look on Cas' face.
Scott chuckled and set the beer and glass in front of him.
"Why did you come here?" Cas asks, making his voice as emotionless as possible, even while his chest hurts so bad he thinks he'll never recover.
"Dad, you're the one who's always telling me I can't hide from my problems. This is your problem, and you're hiding. I'm sorry, but you can't teach me to do something you're not willing to do."
"I'm sorry. I really didn't think it mattered. He knows who you are, but he never really brought it up again after we figured out that we sort of inadvertently knew each other." Sam says sincerely.
The next day at work is normal, average, the same as every day. It's boring, but Dean is glad nothing crazy happens because he's finally calmed down from the day before.
Cas is hard and lean beneath him, bodies slotted together like the were meant to be, and a moan forces its way out as their cocks line up and slide together.
Dean dropped his knife and wrapped his hands around the one sticking out of him. Unable to hold himself up any longer, he sank to his knees.
"Look" Cas says, sighing and shifting on his bare feet. "I was nervous, so I started painting and I didn't realize how late it got. Please, come inside and just give me a few minutes to shower and change. I swear, I still want to go out." Cas looks down at the ground. "If you still want to?"
"I made dinner. Let's eat, and maybe we can get your mind off of this, okay?" Cas says. Dean nods, and Cas leads him to the table.
"I'm not going. You're going to take the bag to the door, drop it off, then we're getting some breakfast." He says casually, pulling the bag from the back seat and handing it over. Or at least, tries to hand it over, but Claire won't take it.
"I told you, I like you the way you are. You don't need to change." Dean says, brow furrowed with concern. Then Cas can see understanding dawn on his face. "This is because I cancelled last night. Damnit, I'm sorry."
Dean could feel Cas' hands digging into his back as he slowly stroked Cas beneath his pants, squeezing and loosening his hand at at the right times. He could do this, it wasnt much different than doing it to himself. Except it was so much better. Feeling Cas come undone beneath him was probably the biggest turn on hed ever had.
it. The closeness, the intimacy, the feeling of being wanted and needed. He misses Dean so damn much. How did this get so messed up?
"Clearly that isn't true, otherwise I'm sure they would've taken more than two point five seconds before offering the jobs." Cas says knowingly. Dean can deny it all day long, but both Bobby and Ellen had all but said they were hiring him based on Dean's word.
Staying in Illinois, no matter how much he wanted to for Claire, just wasn't an option anymore, and when Gabriel had suggested they move closer to him, what else was he to do? He just really hopes Claire doesn't hate him for it forever.
Dean smiled. "What?" He asked, when Cas continued to stare at him.
"Ow. Damnit Dean!" Sam said, causing Dean to laugh some more.
"You don't have to do that." Dean says, and can see Cas' face fall minutely. "I don't need the thanks. But, if you'd like to just go out sometime, I'd really like that." He really fucking hopes he's not misreading this situation.
He's even more nervous as he drives the few blocks home, tulip resting on the passenger seat. Once he's parked, Dean takes a few minutes to gather himself. He can feel his hands shaking, his heart racing, and the nerves creating a swarm of butterflies in his stomach.
"Gone?" She pushes again, and he's about at his emotional capacity for the day.
His heart was pounding hard now, as he looked out to find Dean slowly making his way back to their table, the words bad idea still racing through his mind, shrouded by the cover of liquid courage.
Dean's breath quickened, and he felt like his heart was going to pound out of his chest. Cas said he loved him. Hed never said that. Well, there was that one time when he was dying, but he'd directed it at everybody including Sam and mom.
As Dean pulls the two sides apart, and Cas glimpses light blue satin, the want and need for his husband rips through him. It's been so long, and he can't take any more. His hands thrust out against Dean's chest, and he pushes him against the wall, pressing himself to Dean's body. He crushes their lips together, plunges his tongue into Dean's mouth.
Dean is the most understanding man he's ever met, always checking in to make sure Cas has taken a break, or eaten, or even drank something. It's so completely the opposite of every relationship he's ever had, and he's reveling in it.
“Hey, yourself,” Cas says back, smiling. He drags his hands through his hair, and water drips down over his back, over warm golden skin, leading directly to the attractive dimples over his ass. Dean slides his hands to Cas’s hips, pressing his lips to the back of his neck.
She makes no effort to keep the disdain from her voice.
But if he wants to get Dean back, he has no choice.
Dean is avoiding his eyes, instead focused on a crack in the floor.
“I’ve always loved you,” he whispers. “From the very first moment I saw you.”
Cesar winds up the extra fuse, shrugging.
Sam approaches him, a hand outstretched, ready to take them away.
Emmanuel suddenly stands, wiping the dust from his pants.
“Not a demon, either,” he says dryly.
Charlie taps her chin, looking thoughtful.
Emmanuel has seemed to come to his senses, and draws back from Dean, putting as much space as possible between them on the tiny bed. It stings, but Dean doesn’t expect any less. Pulling a gun on Gabriel—wasn't something so easily forgiven.
And almost immediately, her face goes from irritated to pitying.
“Well, it’s just yer—your, uh—“
Castiel stands and starts to move the dishes to the sink, letting the brothers say their goodbyes.
Mary lays a hand on his arm.
“But he ain’t no Emmanuel.”
"Okami?" Castiel asks.
Dean’s only slightly poking fun. Pamela’s blind in her right eye.
me,” Castiel responds testily, pushing back from the table, standing. “He’s just a stuck up, arrogant man, and entirely way too confident in his own abilities as a detective.”
Castiel barely makes it to the bathroom in time before he heaves, vomiting into the porcelain bowl. The music keeps on from the living room. No one comes to check on him.
“Can’t you just—I don’t know, touch these things and know how they work?”
He cuts off abruptly, finally looking up at Benny’s face. His normally calm demeanor is now twisted in concern, his eyebrows knitting together.
“I have to admit, I was curious.” Dean smiles. “I was told these woods were cursed.”
Dean grips his injured hand by the wrist, seething through his teeth. Blood is already welling up in his knuckles.
A peculiar twinkle comes to the stranger’s eyes.
“Thank you as always for your counsel, Benjamin,” he says sharply. “You always know the right thing to say.”
“I’m….not very good with conversation,” he murmurs. “Or with people. I thought that was obvious, given my solution to the whole—suitor thing,” he admits, smiling slightly. “And how all my attempts to flirt with you failed.”
“I’m sorry.”
Sam clenches his jaw.
“Sheriff—”
“And you would leave him here alone?” He swallows thickly. “Without you.”
“Anna,
"The one thing I can do is put the bitch back where she belongs," she whispers. "I have to."
The outlaw turns his horse’s head, pulling up next to Dean.
“Fine. We’ll do it your way.”
Dean freezes, staring at him openmouthed.
The only thing Castiel can hear is his own breath, his unsteady heartbeat thudding against his chest.
Dean can do nothing, helpless to watch as the first man loots his belongings, unstrapping the bags on Chevre’s saddle and dumping their contents on the ground. Dean curses. His knife, how could he forget to put on his knife—
“Say you did get one of these guys.”
The room settles into an uncomfortable silence.
Castiel turns, seeing Anna in the doorway, her pack in her hands. Dean stands hastily, folding up the page and shoving it into his pocket. Castiel nods.
“Cas,” he breathes. “Come with me. Come, please.”
He ducks into an alley and disappears.
Frank sniffs, rubbing his nose again.
There’s no marker, no stone, nothing. Just upturned soil and splinters of wood poking through the wet dirt, the only indication that there was ever a body beneath that ground.
He rinses out his mouth and stumbles back to the room, sinking into bed without bothering to take off his clothes.
Gabriel sets down his water.
A roll of laughter waves through the crowd, some whooping. Mary smiles, reaching out a hand.
“On my way to Powderhorn,” he says eventually.
“So. Can I help you?”
"Dude, why do people keep thinking me and Cas are together?”
“I must start the musicians," she says lightly. Then she glances at Castiel. "Ask the man to dance will you?”
“Element of surprise.”
Castiel growls playfully.
Sam raises an eyebrow. Ruby purses her lips.
Dean raises an eyebrow. He had just started to like this man, he hopes he doesn't have to change his mind.
Tonight. Tonight, he's going to ask Castiel.
“And….Winchester.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“It was my mom’s,” Dean murmurs. “And I know you never met her, but she would’ve loved you, Cas, I know it.”
“You and me. No one else.”
Castiel closes his eyes.
She smiles, leaning down close.
Castiel yells.
“Cas?”
Dean whips his head back.
Castiel swallows, cradling his head. He softly strokes through Dean’s hair, trying not to cry. Dean’s hand is limp in his own, those green eyes unfocused.
Morgan chuckles. “And now you're a wanted man, too. Your brother never mentioned you were a criminal.”
Charlie comes to stand next to Alicia, putting an arm around her shoulders.
But since Emmanuel ain’t no veteran—how the hell did he end up like this?
“You might try to smile.”
Dean sucks in a breath. Cas clasps his hands, looking down at his fingers.
—I could finally appear to him, speak to him, hear him say my name.
“Yes. It….is.”
They’re going even faster now, have they left the tarmac yet? Are they in the air? Is that feeling Dean's stomach turning itself inside out, getting his body ready for the ultimate demise―
“I confess
Castiel holds him, crying silently, barely conscious of the world ending around them. He can hear the clash of blades, the fight of angels and demons, but he can’t think. There’s only Dean in his arms.
He brushes a soft thumb over Castiel's cheek, voice dropping low.
"But I'm checking in with you in the morning."
Castiel bites back the violent diatribe he longs to throw at him.
“Dean,” he breathes. He’s limp in his arms, unable to muster the strength to move. “You’re here.”
Dean slows and twists, drawing the sounds of out him, leeching them like poison. But Castiel doesn’t want that, he doesn’t want gentle, he doesn’t want nice—
He gets jerked back to reality as Anna barges out of the front doors of the church, her long hair flying.
He sits back, and brings his hands to his shirt, which he slowly begins to unbutton.
Anna tries to smile, touching his arm gently.
“True.”
“I—I seen him through the window,” he chokes out. “Buncha guys came around the corner—all—all hell broke loose. E-Emmanuel got the best of ‘em.” He tries to take a breath. “And that was after he killed that Raphael fella.”
“There was only one I knew who had such skill in the word of God, but…”
A string of shots shatters the air, punching right through the canvas above his head. The children scream and the woman ducks, sheltering them. Dean slowly lifts his head, heart pounding.
He takes clumsy steps forward, reaching for him. But Castiel is frozen, like stone.
“Why did you help me?”
“Assyrian?” He asks, glancing at him. Castiel nods. Dean smiles approvingly before turning back to the wall. “Nice one.”
Eileen’s lips twist.
He twists his hands on his reins.
“So. Apocalypse.” She raises an eyebrow. “Shall we?”
"In case he went dark side," Charlie mutters.
He had just disappeared. Vanished into thin air.
"Um…” Dean counts in his head, utterly bewildered. “Yeah?”
She starts off upstairs, dragging a pouting Beverly behind her.
They’re fucking boiling on the bed, knees and hands knocking together, but Dean hasn’t even touched him yet, he hasn’t even tried—
Castiel panics.
“I want to come with you.”
There’s a couple people dotted amongst the headstones, but they mostly ignore him, lost in remembering their own loved ones.
Castiel has to bite down on his tongue to keep from screaming.
Sam clenches his jaw.
believe that God wanted that for you.”
“Uriel ain't too good with strangers,” she says.
“Shoot.”
He smirks, crossing his arms and leaning against the doorframe.
“Word of advice?” Dean breathes. He twists his grip, and Castiel’s blade is clattering away against the floor again.
“They’re coming,” he breathes.
He looks down, his eyes burning.
“Cut us up pretty good. Me and Sam got separated.” He closes his eyes. “So they know he’s with me now.”
Castiel’s shouts seem to echo around the walls, throwing his own words back to him. He takes a step back, clutching at his chest.
, but…”
“No.”
Castiel wraps his legs around Dean’s waist, digging his nails into his back and his scalp. He heaves against him, broken cries choking in his throat. Dean braces himself against the bed as he drags out of him, almost slipping out before slamming back into him, shocking Castiel and punching the breath out of him. The slide inside him is vicious and perfect and hot and Castiel doesn’t even try to kiss Dean anymore, his mouth doesn’t work—it’s all sloppy teeth and tongue, scraping over cheek and neck, the rough catch of his skin scraping his lips raw.
“Maybe I should have—“
“Yeah?” He says, voice quavering. He reeks of whiskey. “Who’re you?”
“Yeah,” he mutters to the empty room.
He conjures up a towel out of nowhere and tosses it to Castiel, who nods gratefully, starting to wipe his face. Dean pulls his shirt and then his shoes back on, humming to himself.
“I have had enough of your incompetence,” she says smoothly.
Dean drags him into his arms and kisses him, in front of God and everybody, and Castiel doesn’t resist. He wraps tight around Dean, losing himself in the heat of his body, until he disappears once again, Castiel stumbling a little as the warmth against him is replaced with nothing but air.
“Well, hey.”
“Cas,” he breathes.
He takes a deep breath.
“Could be,” he says. “Who wants to know?”
Dean smiles, standing back.
Dean is silent. Cas gives him a sharp kick under the table.
“Caused me a lot of headaches, Cas,” he says, but he’s smiling. “You owe me.”
“I just knew,” Dean mumbles. “I always knew.”
Dean murmurs a reply, but Castiel doesn’t hear it. His blood is starting to hurt in his ears, whiting everything out.
Dean is motionless against him, and he reassures him softly, slowly lowering him back onto the bed. Castiel cradles his head, pressing inside him again, Dean’s hands tightening on his arms.
Sam ignores the question.
He wordlessly turns, pulling the book from its place on the shelf and handing it to Dean.
“Is that right?”
Dean can hardly think. His pulse is racing, yet he feels oddly calm. There's a strange feeling building inside him, a desperate, aching
Dean crosses his arms, grumbling under his breath.
The two of them are quiet. He rubs his arm, sighing harshly.
“I can’t guarantee it will be painless,” she says carelessly. “Then again, they say your brain shuts down towards the end, so maybe you’ll avoid the worst of it.”
Castiel nods slowly, his other hand coming up to Dean's cheek.
Dean stops, looking at Sam, a strangely guilty expression on his face. Sam shakes his head.
Castiel almost fights against it—the strong hand around his arm, the desperate voice in his ears.
“You harpie bitch—”
“Wow,” Alicia says, after a moment.
Of course, just being hungover isn’t really fun to begin with.
“What? I—I thought he was with you—“
The one closest to him steps right up, then seems to realize the stark difference in their heights. He backs up, squinting at him.
“Come on,” the man says, grinning toothily.
“Have you forgotten who you serve?” She hisses. “A few years down on the ground and you’re ready to throw it all away—”
He turns away, starting off down the hall. Dean bolts after him.
“You…you want to go on a date?”
“I did not mean to startle you, my lady.” He looks up at Castiel. “I came upon...Castiel in the wood. Two nights ago.”
“Cas.” Gabriel twirls his pen, jabbing it at him. “Honestly, what’s the big deal?”
“I don’t blame you for that. Why would you? A smart decision, on your part.” She smiles, dark eyes glittering.
Gabriel clenches his jaw, but doesn’t speak. Ketch coughs.
He knows he should stop, because it’s all coming up—a violent storm of hate and betrayal—spewing like bile from his throat.
“Pretty sure Dad let him fuck with me on purpose,” he snorts, standing and grabbing the whiskey bottle from her. She doesn’t resist, still lost in peals of laughter.
"No," she responds airily. "We merely manipulated you."
The bartender has looked up, an incredulous look on his face.
“That coat. Who are you? Johnny Strabler?”
“It seems so stupid now,” he says, “but I—I left my home. I left my wife and daughter, and my stupid fucking job—“ He drops his gaze to the floor, breathing hard. “Everything just seemed too much all of the sudden, and…” He closes his eyes. He’s silent for a moment. Then he lifts his head, meeting Castiel’s angry glare.
“What are you—“
Castiel slowly pushes himself up, staring the men down with eyes of ice.
“Anna,” he whispers. She takes no pity on him.
“One of us must go,” she whispers. “Otherwise…”
Eileen scoffs.
Dean stiffens a little.
Dean is quiet.
“Full house,” he says triumphantly, throwing his own hand on the table.
He finishes up Castiel’s order and hands him the bag.
“I told you I wouldn’t let you go,” Castiel says. “No one gets left behind.”
“You’re the one for me,” Castiel says softly.
"Well, that was fucking weird," Gabriel mutters.
“That’s why we have to do something!” She yells. “Before it’s too late!”
Abaddon wipes her cheek, her hand coming away red.
Castiel clears his throat.
Castiel snorts.
"Maybe she'll decide I'm not worth the trouble."
The engine kicks into gear, seat rumbling underneath him as the plane starts to pick up speed.
" She shrugs her shoulders, gesturing at herself. "I'm here, ain’t I?”
Meg’s face is a stone mask, her fingers gripping the arm of the couch. Shit. Sam should have realized—she’s probably had dozens of bounty hunters come through her doors, all with the same mission in mind.
Anna narrows her eyes.
He glances up at Gabe, raising an eyebrow.
Dean moans.
Dean glances up.
Castiel rolls his eyes, bending down to look at the shelves on the far wall. Some curse boxes, some innocent-looking glass trinkets, a few stakes scattered here and there. Doesn't seem to be any method to the madness, any sort of organization. Someone really oughta clean this place up.
Castiel understands, and wraps his arm around Dean, his body a warm solid line against Dean’s back. His head drops to Dean’s nape, his hair curling, tickling sweaty skin.
“And hey!” Dean says cheekily, winking. “You already know a great wedding planner.”
Dean’s eyes flare. He grabs his legs, roughly hiking Castiel up around him.
“You what?” He whispers.
He can’t help it―Cas glaring at him like he’s committed the ultimate sin would normally send Dean running with his tail tucked between his legs―but now, it makes him dissolve into full-blown stomach-hurting laughter, so much that Dean almost has to sit down.
Dean’s face is a storm of rage and hurt, his eyes almost black.
Dean tightens his jaw, but doesn’t answer. Instead he sits next to Emmanuel, checking over the bandages.
Dean raises an eyebrow.
Dean tackles him to the bed, and Cas laughs as Dean seizes at his sides, tickling him and attacking him with kisses.
“We’re late enough as it is,” he says expectantly. “And I don’t got all day, seeing as my brother’ll kill me if I don’t get to visit him again.”
He’s quiet for a moment, and Anna and Castiel are frozen, just watching him.
Castiel drives back to the church, just as the sun peeks over the horizon. He had stayed through the night, occasionally offering up words to Dean, whenever he thought of something to say—but now he’s on his way back, patting his cheek to fight off the tiredness threatening to claim him.
“Okay.”
“Sometimes I think I should just let my powers fade,” he says softly.
Cas’s eyes widen in mock-shock.
He props his elbow on the table, leaning forward to add something to the conversation. Castiel smirks.
Castiel stares down at him, his naked chest heaving. Dean slowly pushes his jeans and boxers out of the way and takes his cock in his hand, and he sucks in a breath, unable to tear his eyes away.
They spill out of the doorway, Dean giggling, Cas readjusting his shirt.
“You stay here, and you will die.”
He pushes it aside, one hand self-consciously going to his hair as Emmanuel kneels by the exhausted fire, stacking the branches back on the charred wood.
It’s a wonderfully innocent comment, and the nobles respond appropriately with another round of laughter, and a couple adoring looks.
he thought he’d never have to worry about again. That first hard bitter betrayal, replaying itself again, like a sick joke.
He rolls out the next one, smoothing the curled corners. He waits for Sam to finish, eyes scanning over the older posters, the ones Dean still stubbornly maintains. Some are near faded, stained, bleached by the sun.
“And Charlie’s always singing his praises, and I thought—”
“Well, well, the fingers are really flying over here. What’re you two fools gossiping about?”
Angels do not go down on earth.
The tall one leaves, and Ketch puts on his winningest smile, stepping up close to her.
This man, fragile and lying, weakened by a bullet and the drugs in his blood—gave Dean the last real part of him. His name.
“I don’t think there is,” Charlie says softly. “He’s gone.”
“There’s a tree out back, it’s great for climbing.”
When the first letter arrived, Castiel assumed it was a mistake. He put it on the communal pile in his apartment’s lobby and thought nothing of it.
“The very first day you met Cas, you came home and told me you wanted to marry him.”
Dean drops his hand, finished with his task, but makes no attempt to move away.
Cas furrows his brow, making no effort to hide his tone.
“Let me get the next one, okay?”
Castiel is frozen.
“I think…I think it will, but I don’t know, I don’t know,” Dean slurs, voice fading away into a choked sob.
“Naomi," he breathes.
“Oh, I can assure you.” She raises a hand. “That won’t be for very long.”
“Trust me, I just do,” he snaps. Anna still doesn’t move.
“Dean,” he whispers. “I…I can’t.”
Dean snaps out of it, and turns, heading towards the door.
Dean slides his hand over Castiel’s hip and into his back pocket.
“I’m, uh,” Gabriel starts, his voice sounding oddly cracked. “I’m in Toronto.”
He chokes.
Dean points at himself, raising an eyebrow.
“I didn’t mean it, none of it—she, she made me—“
Sam takes a deep breath. Then he starts to shuck his jacket, rolling up his sleeves.
“Congratulations,” Sam says. “I still don’t see what this has to do with me.”
Dean bites his lip. Cas is right.
Dean grins.
“What?”
“Pathetic.”
Max walks around the side of the island counter, and Cas almost has a heart attack. He leans his elbows on the counter and Cas can see Max’s shoes, not three feet from him.
Tasha sweeps off without another word. Gabriel raises an eyebrow.
“I know.”
“What’s the matter?” Castiel asks. “Can’t get it up?”
“Yeah, well.” Castiel musters a defiant snarl. “You’ve got your brother to thank for that.”
“Yes. Like the gun.”
Dean’s hands are scrabbling, at Emmanuel’s shirt, his coat, trying desperately to find something to hold onto. Emmanuel lets Dean go to attack the rest of him, knocking Dean’s hands away to find the buckle of his gun belt. He fumbles with it for a few seconds before getting it loose and tossing it to the canyon floor, his eyes fixed on Dean’s.
Mary chuckles, planting a kiss in his hair.
Dean takes a tentative step forward.
Mary pauses, looking up. “Hmm?”
Hearing his name feels like a punch to the gut. Castiel clenches his fists, exhaling harshly.
“Charlie's really digging herself a deep one, isn’t she?”
Charlie sighs, dropping her hand. She turns her head slightly and hears, distantly behind her, soft chanting. A pang of emotion stabs through her, and she's not really sure whether it's relief or regret.
“Cas, I assume,” Sam smirks. Dean tosses back the lime green concoction in the glass, nearly gagging at the taste.
She didn’t tell either of them about Alastair. Cas had been smiling these past couple of weeks, happier than she had seen him in months. Years. She's not going to spoil that.
Dean pokes at the bullet hole in his shirt.
“Five minutes,” he says.
He picks at a spot on the table, grimacing when the plastic peels up under his fingers.
Dean sits up.
“You think they let you go…out of the goodness of their heart? Oh, no.”
“For disobeying God,” she echoes. And for the first time, her cool composure seems to have been shaken.
She just shrugs.
He pulls down the salt and pepper shakers from their spot on his shelves, closing the cabinet with a wave of his hand. He turns around and abruptly stops.
She watches the steady drip of blood, drip, drip, down her arm, melting into the portal, sucked away. This had been her weakness, it always was. She liked the magic. She liked how it made her feel; stronger, better—more useful to Cas, finally worthy of being his equal. But Raphael turned it into something so much darker, evil, and now—Anna’s going to get rid of it. Purge herself of every last trace.
The outlaw doesn’t answer. Dean swallows.
Castiel feels his eyes pricking with tears, and he shuts his eyes, shaking his head.
Castiel takes it, confused.
He swallows.
“Cas!” Charlie squeals, rushing forward.
The guy raises his eyebrows slightly, but doesn’t say anything. Dean spreads his hands impatiently.
"But how do you—how do you know—"
"No," Castiel says firmly, trying to stand. "
Dean pauses.
“Not that I’m not appreciating the whole protective older brother thing—” (Dean’s pulled the same thing on Sam’s girlfriends a few times)— “I think Eileen will be the one kicking my ass.”
As they approach, Dean sees a man come out the front door, raising a hand. Gabriel.
“Jesus.”
Gabriel looks him up and down, his eyes narrowed.
"You can't run, Anna."
“Decided not to go with the blue?”
Alastair's cruel eyes scan her face, searching, calculating. Abaddon’s eyes flick up to the nearing edge, the wind of Hell whipping around them, its energy sparking and bursting, ready to tear them down.
“Look,” she says gleefully. “
Dean returns his smile, but it sits uneasy in Castiel’s heart, and he knows it’s not the end of the conversation. One they’ve been avoiding the past couple of days.
"Or not,” he says finally, before going back to his guitar.
Dean stops dead.
“So nice…finally, so great—” Dean is saying, and Castiel pulls himself to the surface long enough to focus on his words.
Castiel says.
But Naomi is gone.
“And I figured the way you’d make it up to me is going out for a drink.”
“Well.” He exhales slowly. “I suppose we need to talk.”
"We have accepted it," he says. "It took some longer than others, but this is our life now. It is pointless to want something that can never be."
“For…our date?” Castiel says, his voice turning up at the end, looking uncomfortable.
Dean stares at her, hatred pulsing in his blood. She straightens slowly, a twisted smile spreading across her face.
“How come you get to look relatively normal and I have to wear
“What the hell—”
He’s getting engaged. Freakin’ engaged.
grave—
“Sorry,” she blurts. “Had to make sure.”
“You’ll see.”
“Thank you.”
“You sure?” Anna asks.
Abaddon stares at the motionless ground, completely frozen.
He strikes Castiel across the face, and everything goes black.
“You opened that damn door to Hell and I had to die for it!” He yells. “I was the one who had to clean up after you, like I’ve done my entire fucking life!”
Dean wraps an arm around him and hikes Castiel up further on the bed, tipping his chin up to mouth down his neck, the air around them sparking with heat.
“Castiel. Where are we?” He swallows. “What is this?”
Dean huffs, looking out over the pool, not answering her.
Dean stares at him.
“Excuse me?”
“Explain
When he finally leaves the station, Sam presses himself up against the wall, taking huge steadying breaths. He’s feeling dizzy, lightheaded and faint.
!” Lilith yells. “Died instead of betray Heaven!”
He passes the spot where he and Emmanuel parted ways—thundering past, quick as the wind. It’s pitch black when he reaches the base of the hills. Dean looks up at the gorges before him and swallows. A man could get lost and die in there.
A low whistle comes from far off, echoing across the valley.
“Always trying my patience,” she hisses.
Everyone down there is just continuing on their daily lives, and they have no idea. No idea how close they came to disaster.
Dean clears his throat, looking back at the lonely cactus, around the bend. He raises the revolver.
He slowly turns to face him.
He looks over. Cas is grinning at him.
“Well,” Gabriel mutters. “Ain’t that just peachy.”
would astral project to meet someone.”
Castiel gasps, swallowing hard. He almost feels like he’s going to pass out. He inhales harshly, arching against the bed as the last waves of pleasure roll through him and fade away, leaving him hot and loose, his lungs burning.
“Of course.”
Dean breathes, stepping forward into the surf. It’s perfectly warm, like getting into a hot bath. Dean wades out to where Cas is standing. Despite the warmth, his skin erupts into goosebumps, nervous roiling energy simmering underneath. He comes to a stop next to Cas, and Cas turns, facing Dean. His hair is disheveled and wet, glittering with sea water.
Dean shoots a glance over at Castiel. He shrugs, throwing up his hands in exasperation.
Abaddon’s lip curls.
Cas leads, and Dean pulls his gun, quickly flashing his badge as they rush after Brady through the kitchen. He radios to Benny and Jo in the car, speaking quickly.
“Damn,” he breathes. “It’s good to see you.”
Cas gives him a small nervous smile. Dean fiddles with the spoon in his hand, stammering.
Sam was not irrevocably harmed, but he had undergone extensive torture at the hands of Crowley. Needles stuck in his brain, the secrets of the angels ready to be sold off to the highest bidder.
“You ready?”
Castiel turns back disinterestedly to his book. He feels Gabriel’s eyes on him and turns another page, not looking up.
He takes another drink, bubbles popping against his tongue.
Castiel huffs.
Castiel sighs.
Gabriel holds up his hands.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah.”
Dean reaches back to clutch at his hair, rolling his hips back.
Castiel sighs.
“Wait. What?”
He takes a deep breath, letting it just all spill out.
She smiles, her smile stretching over white teeth.
Castiel breathes hard through his nose, trying to keep his head clear.
“What are those marks?” Castiel asks, after a moment. He tries to sound casual and disinterested, but he’s not really sure he succeeds.
“You have the biggest heart, but you only let it show when you think no one’s watching.”
And freezes. He stares at her, absolutely in shock.
good, and Castiel lets out a soft gasp, dropping his head back.
Charlie is silent on his right, and Alicia’s chewing her lip. They, at least, are showing some concern for the situation. Dean had just disappeared, right when Sam needed him most.
She taps her wrist, her eyes dark.
Sam sighs.
Dean grabs her arm and pulls her aside.
“We are not having this conversation in fucking Finland, Jesus—“
Dean takes a deep breath, trying to draw on his grace, his power, but—
Dean sees Castiel’s glare, and his smile falters.
?" She yells. “Why am I so worth saving?”
She scrambles back, staring at him in shock.
“Archangels,” he repeats. He shoots a glance over at Dean.
“Hang tight ‘til morning,” he says in a low growl. “See if the kid comes back.”
That gets a reaction. One hand tips back the hat, Emmanuel’s piercing blue eyes glinting in the dark.
>never mind
“No, Sam.”
Sam shifts the heavy bag off of him, letting it fall to the floor with a thud.
And then it’s his turn. Dean tried and failed to explain to Sam, but the second time, the story’s straighter in his mind, and he knows how to say it. He talks, editing selectively, leaving out most of the details of what happened between him and Emmanuel. Dean talks until the windows are darkening outside, and Ellen starts lighting candles, eerie dancing shadows flickering through the main room of the inn.
The line inches forward, and Dean drums his fingers against his ticket, chewing at his lip.
watching as Dean paces inside the fire, looking for a break, a possible weakness in the flames. But he doesn’t find one.
“No,” he says, frowning. “Has he been to any of the feasts, or—“
He tucks away the photograph, a strange sinking feeling in his chest.
First Cas, now Charlie. He really needs some new friends. If these are the kind of things his current ones thinks are funny.
Dean circles around him, taking in the sight of Castiel's battered back. He’s completely silent.
“Just tell me, if you—“
seriously. lots of shit.
Dean follows the conversation with increasing alarm. Who is Raphael? Another outlaw? Did Emmanuel
“Long time no see.”
Dean takes an unsteady step back, shaking his head.
He doesn’t care if this saves the world. He doesn’t care if this is humanity’s only chance. He can’t watch his sister do this to herself. Not again.
“What do you mean?”
A couple, walking hand in hand. The girl is looking up at the guy adoringly, his smile dazzlingly bright.
But he does not. Castiel stands by the side of the lake, watching the slow motion of the wind across the water.
Castiel hands the menus to their waitress and slumps back in his seat. He just wants his fucking coffee.
“He is
Dean threw a grin back at him over his shoulder.
“Some things I can do, some things I can’t. Since I’m cut off from Heaven. I mean, I could fix you if I was at full strength—”
“I knew it wouldn’t be long before they went after you,” he says grimly.
Dean’s eyes flare, he attacks him again—
Time seemed to stop. Before his eyes, wings turned to arms, to hands and fingers—legs lengthened and they grew taller, hair growing from their skulls. And then, they were swans no longer.
Dean pounds a fist against the dash, and the stereo of the car blasts to life, playing some song Castiel doesn’t know, but heads are turning, all gaping at the strange man rocking out in the front seat of the car with the Chevy logo.
“Please, touch me, I pray.”
“It’s okay.”
“You know…”
“Pretty sure he’s been sulking all day. You…”
“It’s the only time it makes it bearable—“
Her smile fades.
Ruby throws the woman a murderous stare.
Castiel stares at her, breathing heavily. She shakes her head slowly.
“No,” he stutters out.
He hates himself for weeks afterwards, feeling like he's cheated on something.
“I will save her. She will be safe.”
Dean reaches out, taking a hold of Cas’s tie, which had flipped around sometime during the ceremony, and fixes it, making sure it lies flat.
Her smile suddenly fades.
Only Anna seems unfazed by the treasure they’ve uncovered.
He looks back again. The sheriff, Winchester, is nodding in his saddle, head bobbing drunkenly back and forth. He seems to be favoring his wrists, wincing as his horse moves underneath him.
“Hold it!”
Castiel leads them round to the back, handing them both a gun from the pack. Sam looks down at the shotgun in his hand, squinting.
Castiel chuckles, but silently, he agrees.
talking to the lady, whose mouth is currently hanging open.
Dean comes up behind Castiel, leaning his elbows on the counter.
Castiel whirls—just as she rounds the corner and hurtles towards him, pure terror on her face.
“We’ll kill them all, Castiel.”
“Look, my friend here is...new. A little impatient—reads too many dime novels. We’re all adults here.”
“Guess you didn’t think it could turn around to bite you in the ass.”
His heart is pounding in his chest, which feels clogged, blocked—everything in him fighting and screaming at him to run,
“Deal.”
She drops her hand, and for a minute it looks like she might punch him. Then she grabs the keys from the table, throwing out an arm.
Dean sits and fumbles at his boot, yanking at it, grabbing at his laces with clumsy fingers until it loosens, and he’s able to wiggle his foot free. He scrapes inside for the blade, closing around the handle. He pulls it out, smiling at the little flash of silver in his palm.
Dean throws a glance at Anna and Gabriel. Anna is rolling her glass in her hand, eyes darting back and forth. Gabriel seems more relaxed, picking at his teeth. Dean turns, swiveling in his seat to see where Emmanuel went.
“And you didn’t think that might be pertinent information?” Castiel snarls. “Before you sent us running after her—”
“Sam,” he supplies.
“He’s not in his room?”
Cas obliges, and it isn’t long before Dean is panting, warmth curling in his gut, Cas’s hand on Dean’s dick and his mouth on his neck.
She lowers her hands, a small smirk on her face.
“Look, I know it’s shitty,” she says. “But everything’s set up. All we need is one more spell. And I—I know I’m not a good choice, but I’m all we got—“
Dean holds him and it feels like a prayer, he washes away his sins with his breath and purifies him with his kiss.
His voice is agony.
“What a waste of breath you are,” it pants, glaring at him. “Even Hell spat you back out.”
Castiel jerks back, eyes flying open.
“Abaddon took him.”
Castiel sees the sign for his diner, and he pulls over without a word.
Anna and Jo are talking animatedly, almost looking to be sisters. Dean accepts the glass of whiskey pushed at him by Gabriel, just listening to the conversation. Gabriel sits back, looking around.
He wishes he could do more, but all he can do is make empty promises.
Dean laughs bitterly.
Anna is still pulling vainly at Gabriel’s sleeve, trying to pull him away.
“Rolling around in the dirt, destroying, killing, fucking…” She presses the point of the blade into his cheek, just short of drawing blood.
“He’s dead.”
“What?” Dean and Castiel say in unison.
He looks away.
Dean sits up.
“Dean.”
“Well. Glad you finally grew a backbone.”
Part of her feels a little guilty as she says it—but it’s the truth. Sometimes….family businesses just aren’t they're all cracked up to be.
Dean frowns, but Castiel is prickling with excitement. If they had a weapon, they could put a stop to this apocalypse before it even begins. Cut off the head before the snake can bite.
“Hey. What are you doing?”
“Yeah, um. Same. I guess.”
“And if we can’t get them to jump in?”
Castiel slides in beside him, and Dean slips an arm around his waist, tugging him in. Despite his inexperience, Dean readily closes his eyes, heaving a sigh. Castiel pulls up the sheets around them, just looking at his face. Dean looks so worn and tired.
The bartender’s eyes go hard.
Cas brackets Dean’s legs with his own, sitting up tall, slotting next to Dean to grind up against him.
Castiel finishes with the final sigil, and he steps back, the walls streaked with cleaner and traces of red. He lets the rag drop from his shaking fingers. It makes no noise as it pools on the floor.
He's had enough dealings with demons to last him a lifetime.
“Then we move on,” the first one snaps. He’s clearly the leader, but the way he’s being questioned leaves little doubt to his skill in that position. This group has been on the road, and for a long while, tension fraying their words.
He sits up, taking a couple deep breaths.
Dean's hand finds his cheek.
His eyes slide over to the man in the corner, lurking in the shadows. Dean does not notice, focused on the feel of Castiel’s hands in his.
He speaks up, turning towards the bathroom door.
Castiel nods thoughtfully, looking serious.
“Cas…” Dean started.
“Believe me, not a problem.”
“Well?”
“No—“
“Ho...ly…”
“What,” Dean pants. “In the goddamn
“Call him,” she says. “Right now.”
“Cas,” he manages to say, breathing hard. “What the hell happened?”
“I can’t wait to never see it,” Dean replies, smiling against his skin. Cas snorts.
“That’s one word for what I am.”
They’d have to be rich, Dean thinks.
Naomi turns her attention back to Anna.
Anna has slung Gabriel’s arm over her shoulder, and she’s leading him away from the carnage. “We gotta get out of here.”
Sam turns even redder.
He moves quickly, laying a hand on her shoulder, and she whirls, a fist raised. Her eyes widen when she sees Dean, and her mouth falls open.
They’re all quiet, barely speaking to each other. It’s always like that, after a fight. They all retreat to their minds, making their own personal peace with what just happened. It’s been almost a year, but it never gets any better—the feeling of taking a life.
Cas, evil mastermind that he is, came up with the idea.
“Why not?” Charlie asks indignantly, straightening in her seat. “They have good benefits.”
“Don’t,” he says.
It’s something he’s been thinking of since they started dating, or if Castiel’s being honest, even before that.
Even if she hadn’t known at the time, this was still all his fault. The man posing as her father whose death had led them to discover that her name wasn’t Anna Milton, but Remington, and that she had another family to be carted off to.
“Dean let you do this,” he whispers.
“Dean,” he warns.
Sam frowns, stepping forward. Ruby grabs his arm, holding him back.
“You’re hurt, you’re not making sense. We need to get back to the castle.”
“No?” She echoes darkly. She looks down, eyes settling on the worn wooden beads wrapped around his wrist.
She takes another sip of coffee, barely containing her grin.
He manages it, somehow. Dean feels the blade cutting into his arm, but the short one’s riding next to him, and he can’t risk moving it now.
Castiel faces Dean, his eyes dark. A hush falls over the entire room.
“What am I supposed to do, Sammy?” He laughs, but it’s bitter. “I can’t risk losing him. Not again, and I—“
“I know you’re hiding in that little warded place of yours,” Alastair says. “But I’ll find you before long.”
He sits up, one hand clutching his bloody nose.
Sam sighs.
He stills in Sam’s arms, his muscles refusing to work anymore. He can only watch.
Dean scrambles, wood splinters flying over him as Anna and Emmanuel return fire—and he spies a six shooter lying abandoned in the dirt. He dives for it, instincts screaming at him—he rolls over and fires blindly, hitting the man who was advancing on him in the gut. Dean falls back to his elbows, the gun slipping away from his hand. The man presses a shocked hand to the bloody wound in his stomach, dropping to his knees.
Castiel can’t move.
Dean doesn’t answer. The silence stretches, but none of them speak.
“Once I saw you weren’t there, I, uh…”
Castiel doesn’t move. Naomi looks down on him, disgusted.
Dean was thoroughly distracted by the kiss, but now the original goal seems more important, as Emmanuel tugs at Dean’s pants, pulling them open, hand slipping inside, closing around Dean’s cock.
Castiel yanks the cover off the tin and digs out his wallet—crap, does he even have a picture of himself? One of his fake IDs, maybe—
Mary gets a look on her face so reminiscent of Sam that Dean suddenly realizes the bitchface must be genetic.
The outlaw shrugs, then starts unbuckling the man’s belt.
“No one needs you?
“Gabriel, drop it.”
Dean growls, stalking around the table.
“Anna—“
He had made them take care of it, tamp the earth back down and bury the shards of wood that had made up his hellish prison. He didn’t want to remember. He didn’t want to feel.
you,” he shudders out, a hand sliding over his thigh.
“I think…I think I passed out a little.”
“I’ll be here.”
“Don’t believe we’ve ever had the pleasure.”
A big, big thank you to the organizers of the
“Hey.”
Castiel sobers.
Castiel freezes.
Cas isn’t looking at him.
His eyes dart back and forth, his voice tense.
I murmured.
Dean exhales.
Castiel comes to his senses, realizing he is way too close to be appropriate, and he quickly backs away. And he knows it’s childish, but he can’t help but the twinge of jealousy, hearing Dean has his sister’s name written in his skin.
His phone buzzes in his pocket, and he pulls it out, seeing a text from Ellen about appetizers for Saturday. He unlocks his phone to answer, completely missing the poignant look Jess gives Sam.
Sam chuckles slightly.
“And the suit jacket, too,” Dean says. “Jesus, two jackets??”
Dean rolled his eyes.
A cracked voice answers the first.
“Ever the dramatic. You almost had me worried there for a second.”
not wise.
Dean hurries down the back stairs, Pam cursing in his ear the whole way.
The angel before had managed it. He had never seen Dean do it, but he assumes they all have the same abilities.
He steps up closer, and Castiel hikes the gun back up, but Dean wrenches it out of his grip, throwing it on the table behind him.
Dean cuts him off, his temper rising.
The boy gives Dean a shy smile, then takes off back down the hill, fast as his legs can carry him. Dean glances back at the desert, sighing. He guesses Carver’s chickens will just have to sleep uneasy for another night.
Castiel laughs. It’s a game they play, exchanging stories. Castiel tells Dean there is not much variation to the life of a swan. Dean says the same of the life of a prince.
“How long has this been going on?”
“Bye, Cas,” Dean murmurs.
“Like this one, about the angels who fell.”
A rush of cold prickles the back of his neck, and he turns his head. He can suddenly see his breath, white and icy in front of him. He swallows.
And he kissed him.
“Dean,” Castiel pleads, trying to meet his eyes. “Dean…please…”
Castiel smiles.
“We spend a great deal of time together.”
Castiel looks the first man dead in the eye.
“Come on then,” he says.
“Dean—“
“What are we going to do?”
Castiel nods quickly.
Gabriel tries to get her to look up, but she’s shaking, her face buried in his neck.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” she whispers. “I’m so fucking sorry.”
Because even as he says the words, he’s not sure if they’re true. This strange hold Abaddon seems to have on him, he doesn’t know…
“Any men come after you?”
He approaches the first room, stepping silently inside. He looks down at her, twisted up in the sheets. Her hair is wild, splayed out on her pillow—and Dean leans forward, taking stock of her vitals. Anna’s mind is a rush of swirling orange and red, but with a slight undercurrent of fear—her heart rate pitched slightly.
He seizes Castiel’s side, striking as quick as a snake. Castiel gasps, white hot pain stabbing through him.
They meet on the water’s edge, and Dean throws his arms around Castiel, pulling him close.
“Don’t, you bastard—“ He screams, his face red. Fuck,
Dean glances at Cas. Cas coughs.
“Where we going?” Dean asks.
Dean snatches the keys mid-toss, thrilling at Cas’s offended face.
“The name’s Emmanuel.”
He shakes her off, and that’s when Dean spins, a desperate scream ripping from his throat.
“See you there, Winchester,” Ruby whispers.
“Worse case scenario that you’ll have to use it, but I figured you should have some around, just in case.” He sinks into one of the seats, his eyes unfocused. “If an angel does manage to find you,” he mutters tiredly, rubbing his face.
Castiel falls silent.
“We’re going slow. Trying to figure things out before we add the pressure of all our friends knowing about it. Except Eileen told you, obviously, and I told Dean.”
She shrugs.
“You’re really serious about this girl,” he says. It’s not a question.
Castiel snaps back his gaze to him.
Anna cradles him in her arms as he cries, saying Dean’s name, over and over.
Bobby drops his hands, chuckling under his breath.
It feels like wrestling that damn dog Sam found of the streets when they were kids—trying to grab this weasel, chasing him around, kicking up dust. Dean is sweating and this is the most undignified thing he’s ever done—hang being a sheriff, hang doing the right thing, hang this son of a bitch for wasting his goddamn time. Dean’s got several inches of height and far less years—but the man is wild, scratching and clawing against him. It takes Dean a couple seconds to overpower him, and he finally grabs Marv by the scruff of the neck, shoves him to the dirt, and pins his hands behind his back. Dean reaches back for his gun—
He can't deny he’s wanted this ever since he saw Ruby in that bar, something dangerous about her, a beauty that bewitched and drew Sam in from the very beginning. He grips at her hair, she bites back against his lips, nails digging into the back of his neck.
Castiel lowers the towel.
“Guess I’ll be heading out too.”
He trails off, words failing him.
“So the poor guy will just have to live with his unrequited love,” Eileen says sadly.
<what do you mean?
“Speaking of which.”
warnings:
“Everything you’ve ever told me has been a lie,” he murmurs, circling around the demon. “My father may have tolerated it, but I realize now—”
Dean steps closer, peering intently at him.
“Delayed in obtaining a vessel, trap and protections hidden with words and spells…”
Abaddon walks slowly over to him, and Castiel reels, catching a whiff of perfume, the scent of roses.
“What about—”
Gabriel scowls at him, and that’s enough license for Anna to jump in. She's grabbed one of the newer papers, her eyes quickly scanning the lines.
Castiel frowns.
Those two words stab into Castiel, his deepest, most foolish hope twisting inside him, edging on painful. He’s dreamed this, a thousand times, how does he know this isn’t just another dream—
Dean lifted his head, shock crossing his pale face.
"What are we after?"
“We, um—“
“Mother,” Dean groans, but Mary ignores him, laying the doublet on his bed.
“You know our lunch break is going to end eventually.”
Castiel digs his nails into his palm, his rage heightening, searing under his skin and scorching through his blood.
“We’re the new royal family,” he says.
Dean doesn’t answer him.
Anna pulls the car into the parking lot of a motel, and Castiel waits impatiently for her to check in and get back with the key before they take Dean out of the car, delicately carrying him towards the room. Thankfully no one sees them, and they’re able to get him inside and laid out on the bed. He still hasn’t stirred.
“Seriously?
Castiel grabs her wrist and drags her down so they can both press their ears to the earpiece, listening hard. There’s no immediate answer.
Its lips curl into a smile.
Dean looks at her.
Sam turns and takes the book with him, burying his nose back into the pages.
“Think, Castiel.”
like someone who's majoring in classical piano, but he’s awesome at it, and he’s already proved time and again that if anyone wants to give him shit for it, he's more than capable of kicking their ass. Including Mr. Wannabe Rockstar.
“Did she now.”
“‘Spect it is,” he says, eyeing the sheriff. “Why? You got a problem with that?”
Castiel pops open the cylinder on his pistol, a nervous habit. All six rounds, ready to go.
“Why you care?”
“Something’s gotta be messing with her,” Sam muses, pen absently tracing over one of the sigils on the paper. “Slowing her down.”
“Well, I demand an updated timeline as soon as you know,” Charlie says, suddenly businesslike. She whips out her phone, tapping away. “Next month is a bust because of our expo, but I am preemptively blocking out all of these weeks for you―”
Dean looks at him, and sees truth in every line of the outlaw's face. Emmanuel really believes what he’s saying.
“Where’s Dean?”
“I’m sure it wasn’t that bad,” Charlie says sensibly.
His mother’s voice cuts through the moment, and Dean turns, startled.
“I feel like a fool,” he murmurs.
“I haven’t been idle down below, Alastair,” Abaddon snarls, raising her blade. “I have power you can never dream of.”
A smile quickly spreads across her face.
They lie back, still entwined in each other. Cas’s eyes start to slip closed, and Dean hooks their fingers together, whispering in his ear.
“And he’s going to send two humans to do his dirty work?” Castiel grits out.
“Oh,” he whispers. “Is that so?”
Dean shrugs, pitching his voice a little to match Sam’s.
“Caught me by surprise, I must admit. And you continue to surprise me at every turn.” He tsks, shaking his head. “A wanted outlaw.”
Castiel slams the trunk closed, and that’s when Anna slips behind him, stealing the keys from his pocket. He makes a swipe at her, but she dodges him and unlocks the driver’s side, smirking. Castiel scowls, and sulkily slides into shotgun. But Dean doesn’t seem to mind the back, sprawling out with those gangly legs, even though he’s constantly reaching forward to fuck with the radio.
