"Huh-uh," Bucky harrumphed.
"Of course," Harley let out a small laugh, shaking his head. What has his life come too? He looked over at Peter who grinned widely at him.
"Yeah. You're telling us," MJ scoffed.
Peter let out a garbled yell and sat up. He felt fine ish now. He definitely wasn't sick anymore but his other sense were beginning to give him a headache.
And jumped.
Natalia was instantly all over him, telling him that he had been screaming but Steve barely heard it. Peggy was staring at him and all around him loud voices calling out to each other n excitement-
"And your 'parents' gave you a defect because their eyes were..." the venom and bitterness in her voice was clear as day and Peter shifted a little.
Pepper was upstairs with Stark Industries stuff. T'Challa was back in Wakanda because his father was killed in an explosion by someone named Klau who stole vibranium (Steve was upset to hear that the only way Howard Stark got the vibranium that made his shield was through someone like Klau. T'Challa assured him that Steve was fine and Wakanda wouldn't hold it against him).
Peter smiled a little and Harry looked at him, an almost smile on his face. And then Mr. Osborn was ther, a firm hand on Harry's shoulder and he was turning the teenager away. Harry didn't look back again as they left.
Peter was antsy for the next thirty minutes, waiting for May to show up. He was now focused on the elevator doors, the TV long forgotten. Tony and Steve came out of the shower, all fresh and rejuvenated and Natasha broke the news to him that May was coming.
"We'll figure that out later. Peter's gone into shock and needs medical attention ASAP." Bucky broke in.
Natasha glanced at her phone. "Supposedly Tony and Peter figured out Peter's bedroom situation..." she scrolled through the pictures of what the duo designed. "Oh wow."
"Heyya Mr. Mechanic," Harley tipped on his heels and gave a mock salute, with a little shit eating grin. "How's it going?"
I'm so sorry it's so short.
"Maybe he knows how to reach the gang," Pepper suggested. She looked at her wrist watch and kissed Natasha's cheek. "I'm so sorry but work is calling me. I love you,"
Which is why he was really relieved when Thor showed up.
Tony closed his eyes.
"Yeah." Peter nodded. "And um, I think Chemistry is my favorite. Or maybe one of the tech making classes." The Widow smirked in his direction.
"Who's May?" Mr. Stark sounded confused.
"Of course!"
"Just what he likes and his hobbies." Natasha shrugged. "I think we're going to have a fan living with us."
Steve wanted to say something but Tony was at the building, hopping up and grabbing loose bricks. Steve sighed and followed, using his wings to help him balance.
Peter stopped laughing to look over at Harley and smile a little bit. Surprisingly, there wasn't a lot that changed. Yeah there were some different feelings but for the most part they were still the same people together - fun, a little cautious, a little reckless. It was nice.
The kid laughed. "You understand
"How the actual fuck are you so good at this game?" Clint asked Peter in bewilderment. Peter just smirked and won first place for the second time.
her son. But it also wouldn't make sense for her and Phil to lie, considering he was a nobody from Queens. Unless of course they knew his secret identity but they didn't say anything about it so so far it seemed like they were telling the truth.
The Avengers' wings were as unique as their personalities.
Steve swallowed hard and continued to follow Fury to his new room in this place called SHIELD.
Natasha blinked and looked at May.
She disappeared in the fray and Bucky was distraught as he tired to hard to find her. Steve felt like he was breaking Bucky's heart when he told him that they probably took her.
Is it possible for a cat to roll their eyes?
can't find him. The
Tony was clearly pouting through the mask.
Oscorp!"
At first, May continued to parent Peter and Natasha was on the sidelines, just observing. After a week of that, she started interacting and Peter felt complete relief as she began to (mostly) mimic May. There were some changes but they weren't the rapid and extreme changes as before and Peter was more than happy to oblige and listen to Natasha as though she had been his mother for his whole life.
It was something that made him feel alone and in the dark.
Peter and Harley ended up walking all the way to Central Park. By the time they got there, it was getting dark out so they laid down and stared up at the darkening sky.
"What's -?" Peter started and one of the security people shot him a look. He silenced himself immediately and swallowed hard.
(Tony Stark never showed up.)
"I don't know," Natasha sighed, frowning. "Stark -"
Steve nodded. "That's good to know." Pietro snorted. Steve shot him a look. "But, I'd like to ask-off the book obviously-a question to you."
Steve sighed, "A group of mutants came in and heard about the wedding and now we need more seats?"
"Construction would probably take like a couple of days," Clint murmured, flicking through the photos. "Like three or four. We could probably do two if Tony gets all the right tools. And if we get some of the other Avengers in on it," he added.
Thor frowned.
time I lose him I -"
"Peter..." the way she said his name triggered something in Peter's mind and he sucked in a breath, remembering those eyes looking down at him, and her cooing at him, a soft smile on her face.
"What the -! Tony!" Natasha snapped, whirling to the Iron clad man only he swerved above them as Thor raced after him.
"Hey Steve." Speaking of which, Tony came into the room, looking tired.
He peered at them closely, trying to recognize where he's seen them before other than the fact that they're Tony's wings. Steve doesn't think when he draws something. He just draws based on the image in his memory and Tony's wings were specific in the image.
"Just ask him," May said. "The Avengers are some of his heroes. He would love to just talk to you." Natasha nodded. "And thank you," May added. "For...letting us see each other."
"You're kidding,"
"Any news for the Avengers?" Bruce asked from the other side of the counter.
Tony frowned. "You think so?"
Pepper smiled softly at her. "I know." she kissed Natasha again. "You know I'm here if you need me right?"
here."
, come down sweetie," Peter looked so sad but came down and weakly trotted over to Natasha and practically flopping onto her. Natasha didn't hesitate to hoist him up and hold him close. She kissed the side of his cheek. "We're going home. We're watching a movie you chose, and you'll never have to worry about that gang again. Got it?"
(The last one was the least likely option but always a possibility).
Jarvis died three days later.
Peter saw red and he saw his chance as he catapulted off of the roof. He landed in front of the woman and struck her, using all of his strength.
"What?" Peter said loudly, eyes widening in complete shock. "I -
"Sounds great," Natasha said just as Scott called, "Add bacon!"
"No...no, no, no, Ben!" Peter cried. He reached forward and pulled back after feeling something wet. In the dim light, he noticed the blood dripping on his hand. Peter cried and pulled out his phone, racing to call an ambulance.
They arrived at the Tower and when they got out of the car, Bucky turned to her. "You're going to have to let May and Peter see each other soon."
"I'm making breakfast." Sam looked over at Bucky and Steve snorted. Bucky sent them both a quizzical look. "It's
"She seems like a nice lady so why not?" Bucky suggested. Steve and Sam seemed to be in agreement with everyone and they all turned to Tony.
Tony smiled.
Because Iron Man crashed Harley's garage.
"Yeah." Harry smiled. "And let me know how that spider bite goes." He waved and then left with the tour guide. Peter blinked, realizing that he hadn't gotten Harry's number and had no idea if he would see Harry again.
Peter's room was about a rectangle size and was about 40 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 20 feet tall. He had designed a mini library and tinkering space to the left and Tony had helped fill it with technology.
If you're young and naïve, you're more likely to get adopted. Because when you're that young, adopting/fostering parents can mold you into what
And when they were through with talking and they couldn't think of anything else, they fell asleep. And woke up pretty early.
"Peter." this time it was more flat and sure and Peter flattened himself against the wall. "Peter, what the hell are you doing?"
"I'm sorry," Tony pulled away to press his forehead to hers. "I'm sorry and I wish things were different but they
"Your pet names are cute." Bucky giggled and Tony slapped him.
At least ten minutes before, the problem was the Guardians had dropped in unannounced. They said that they had heard about the wedding and decided to drop in. Which was nice, it just caused more work for all of them.
Steve tugged on the bonds, gritting his teeth in anger. He looked around on the space rock they were on. They could see the galaxy and it would be pretty if they weren't tied up.
Killian sighed. "Well that was disappointing. Throw him." A guard came and dragged Tony's body out the cargo door and everyone simultaneously remembered that they were in the plane and the plane was in the air.
Wings, ranging from eighteen feet to three feet. Wings that were blue, purple, red, orange, black, green-every color in the damn color wheel. Wings that spread out around him in alarm as he ran through the facility he found himself in.
"Amari is here,"
"Who's are?" Tony yawned.
Tony startled and his wings snapped out, knocking the table back next to him. Steve felt his wings tremor but somehow he knew that they had
" Peter whirled and stomped to his room, fuming and vibrating off of adrenaline.
Deciding he had been out long enough, Steve made his way back to the Tower. He half sniffed himself in the elevator and decided he'd eat something then take a shower.
"Keep your cool," Peter heard the bald man mumble. "If these guys somehow manage to send us to jail you'll be carded for the Ben kerfuffle."
!" Peter cried, antsy. When no one answered him he sighed loudly. "
"Well," Steve hoisted Tony further onto his lap and whispered in his ear. "Why don't you help me get rid of that?"
Wanting to get out and clear his head, Peter left the apartment and began to walk around the neighboring park. Peter winced and started feeling weird again. It's as if his senses were dialed up to eleven and he could sense everything to the minute detail.
Tony frowned. "What? Oh...the wing thing? I don't know, I just can."
"There's no evidence to show that she was a danger to Peter - if anything, she helped Peter to the fullest of her abilities," Phil argued. He looked at Natasha. "And unfortunately, until we get the paperwork sorted out, she still has rights to Peter legally."
And I just want to make sure I make the correct tags for it since I am new to this stuff. So if you guys could tell me what I should write as a tag, I would love to know what I need to add and it would help me immensely.
Steve and the Commandos found Zola on the train.
"So," he said slowly, clapping his hands. "Spidey wanted me to tell all of you that when you see him, you can't tell him to stop being a super hero. He's been doing this for a while, he can take care of himself so y'know...he doesn't need anything. So yeah. Here we go."
"It's Angara Road, County C in Northern Maryland," Tony blurted and winced internally.
Falcon ended up being a man named Sam Wilson. Both being in the military, Steve and Sam bonded immediately. Turns out when he was born seeing wings. His own never fully grew so when he was offered the para-rescue, he took it. He replaced his wings with the metal ones he was given. (Sam was surprised to see the Iron Man suit open up to Tony Stark. He nearly jumped out of his pants while that just seemed to make Spider-Man like Tony even more.)
The New York incident happened a few months after Steve came out of the ice and a few months after the Avengers met. Five months later-after fighting smaller groups individually, sometimes teaming up-Ultron happened.
"I want to adopt him!" Tony blurted.
much -"
She looked at him. "Well, if 'mom' is too weird, you can call me Natasha or Tasha, either works baby." she smiled at him and he smiled back.
"'Borked'?" Ned furrowed his brow as MJ sighed loudly. "Oh my god, another dork."
"That isn't Starbucks," Ned noted.
Iron Man was known as an Avenger-the second one to be specific-and the bodyguard of Pepper and Tony.
"You're like a chihuahua with anger issues," Bucky told him one day, after Steve came home from trying again. Steve, Bucky, and Natalia all lived in the same apartment which was pretty close to where Bucky would be deported if need be. He was still on call-for the 107th division-but the war hadn't needed him yet.
"You were dead" Tony whimpered. "You were dead-I-I had to-"
Hey peoples!
"Mm?" Steve's voice was muffled by the pencil in his mouth as he smudged a bit of the drawing.
"Shut up, you!" Harley poked Peter in the stomach who just continued to laugh. Harley mumbled some more, grumbling about the predicament he was in.
Peter sighed loudly from the couch and walked over, looking at the reflection of the screen. Peter twisted his mouth and then pressed a few numbers, switched a few things, and then recorded the answer.
"So who's the kid's godfather?" Clint joked from the back, leaning in. Bucky glanced over at Natasha.
"Wow, thank you MJ!" Peter smiled and took a slice and one of the shakes. "I'll pay you back, promise!"
"Yep, just down that way hon," the woman pointed and Peter nodded, walking over to where she pointed. He shuffled, looking into the glass room and the door opened for him.
Peter whooped and pumped his fist in the air and Natasha tried not to feel too hurt. Peter didn't get to grow up with her - he grew up with May. Which was unfortunate but not something she came blame him for.
May turned, smiling brightly. "Sure!"
The doors opened into the penthouse of the Tower and Phil turned to look at him. "Of you."
After that, Natalia and Bucky became his best friends. They wouldn't go anywhere without him and they didn't abandon him-ever. Steve felt like the luckiest guy in the world.
"Kids smart." Iron Man muttered, probably not realizing that Peter could hear him.
what we're doing."
It wasn't.
Anthony or Tony, couldn't see his at first and that was upsetting to him. Especially since no one else could see the wings that he could.
"We need to find the gang," Natasha spoke up, interrupting whatever monologue May had been talking about.
Black Widow ruffled his hair. "Nothing to be ashamed of. Your father is going to love it." Peter nodded and then is brow furrowed.
"Right." Tony nodded. They watched as the TV showed a security camera of the entrance to what looked like a school. Kids were hanging about and Natasha looked to see that the footage was taken from yesterday.
Peter whirled, crouching down to defend himself in necessary.
"This place usually gets stalked out," Bucky shrugged. "So I tend to hang out here just in case."
When she was younger, Natasha wanted to be a mother and when she had that one time thing with Stark, she was utterly shocked when she came out pregnant, seeing as she was sure that the Red Room had blocked out anyway that she possibly could get pregnant.
"Avengers, we have a new mission. Get the civilians onto the SHIELD Helicarriers as fast as possible."
Tony had introduced him to JARVIS and FRIDAY the other day when they had been designing Peter's room.
Peter's heart rate spiked as the gun was a centimetre away from his forehead, close enough that the hairs there raised and his whole body tingled. His body shivered and alight with adrenaline as his spidey sense went flaring.
's echoed through the microphone and she rolled her eyes. "We're not turning him in."
"Any news Pep?" Tony asked, swiveling in his rotating chair.
~~~~~~
"No." Steve said quickly. "No, Buck-I'd love to!"
"We need to know of your a threat," the Falcom came from behind him and Peter hopped, turning to face him and the Black Widow.
Peter was still stuck frozen to the wall as his mind went on a whirlwind as he tried to sort out his thoughts. He saw the bald man pick up the woman and they began to ran and Peter found himself jumping to the ground and running after them.
(He also was reminded of his old wings-the wings he absolutely adored and now they were a hideous yellow and orange and gold and red and he hated everything about them. They reminded him too much of the fact that Iron Man and Tony Stark can never-never-be the same man.)
"Oh my god," she whispered. "When I escaped, I heard that you and Bucky were dead-I never thought you would-"
"Hey Peter," she started.
Tony went down and he went down fast.
Tony kept sneaking into Steve's room at night to wake him up from a nightmare and then sleep with him. Eventually, Steve just stopped not letting Tony in and just let Tony sleep with him. He wasn't sure if it was because Tony was a cat or he was just Tony but Steve had started sleeping longer and with less nightmares.
Harley entered the lunchroom to grab a few chicken wraps for his lunch. He looked around before ducking out and heading to the garage. Macy, the kitchen lady, was yelling at some of the other kids when he left. Harley never sat in the kitchen area. It was too loud and filled with little kids.
He also found that his right wing was torn off and the blue, red, and white feathers had turned to molten ash.
"Erm. Yeah." Natasha sounded not exactly confused but more perplexed. "Yeah he's alright. Well, that might not be the right way to say it -"
And it exploded the Avengers' world.
"You're on first name basis with the Avengers?" Ned choked out. Peter looked at him.
"We caught wind that they were taking you on a vacation. We figured since we couldn't control you, it would be best to get rid of you. So we shot the plane down. And when we had a suspicion that the aunt and uncle still had you, we killed him for insurance." Julian flicked something off his finger while Peter reeled from the confession.
Peter breathed in so fast he started choking. Harley spluttered and then laughed, crying out "Jeez Pete! It's not like I gave you a full frenchy!"
with him before he was taken from me. And this bitch might have not been in on the attack on my
"You haven't said a single thing to me today, and that's the question you ask?" Peter raised his eyebrows and Ned floundered. "Ah, never mind."
"Yeah I'm good," Peter nodded. Peter had told Harley a few weeks ago that he was the son of Natasha and Tony but it had only been a few days since the press incident. Peter had seen the conference that Pepper held and oof, that woman could be scary.
"It shouldn't have been that easy," he muttered and Peter laughed harder.
"Oh my god -
The connection died.
As Killian got another dose ready, everyone stayed silent. Nobody moved and Steve looked at Peter's still wings in sick fascination. They were never still. And seeming them like that was horrible. It was awful.
"So while you went out and looked for Peter, you ran into a gang?" Natasha inquired once everyone had started eating.
"Eventually," Natasha assured him. "You're legally my child now but I promised her that we'd fine times for you two to visit." She didn't miss the disapproving frown that came from Tony while Peter beamed.
is part of the reason why we got married." Bucky stood over them, triumphantly crossing his arms. Natalia was with him but smirked and left to go talk to Wanda.
Natasha went rigid, Clint outright laughed, Steve frowned, and Bucky glared at Phil saying, "Yeah. I don't think that's happening."
"You can?" Harley cried, waving his arms. Peter dropped his own arms, squinting slightly.
"Osborn right?" MJ questioned and Ned's eyes widened in familiarity.
"It's a quote by Janet Fitch." Steve explained. "I think..that's why you got those wings. It's because...first-you burned." Steve looked at Tony, searching his eyes. "Then you came out a phoenix-stronger."
She spread it out in her hands to reveal a cat with black hair and a blue patch of fur on his chest. He was about a foot and a half long with a tail almost twice as long as that. He was curled in Natasha's arms, gazing up at her and blinking around with soft brown eyes.
The wings didn't seem to bother anyone. They just were...
"She's - well I guess
Peter's wings sputtered in and out, working only here and there. At times, they would be completely still again and whenever that happened-Peter never moved. His eyes would be glazed over and he'd be staring at nothing. He only jumped back to life when his wings starting beating again.
Harley raised his eyebrows, gesturing to the dirty and bloody hoodie that Peter was wearing. Peter looked down self-consciously but rapidly looked back up.
May's fork clattered to the table and suddenly she was gone, rushing out of her seat and towards supposedly a bathroom. Peter was tempted to follow but saw Clint watch her and then look at Peter. Peter gave him a small pleading look and Clint nodded, following after May.
aren't kidnapping me?!"
"I -" Peter stopped abruptly. "I was in ballet when I was younger but dropped it." Natasha looked elated at that and he smiled at her enthusiasm. "I guess messing with technology? And I like watching movies...and I'm on my schools Decathlon team..."
Howard, drunk, killed himself and Maria behind the wheel.
May looked like she was about to become hysterical but went quiet with Phil talking to her. Eventually she held out her hands and Phil handed her the papers and she willingly signed them. Natasha felt a swell of gratitude and slipped out of the door. She stopped when Phil came out and looked at her, intrigued.
Peter's legs began to shake. "Harry we should leave."
Bucky set him down gently behind him and then glanced beyond the wall to look at the gang. Bucky stood out all the way and walked forward and Peter spluttered. "Wait - wait -
"Yup," Thor nodded. "Here," he crouched down and held out a vial to Tony who padded over and sniffed it. He hissed at it and turned away, choosing to lick his paws instead.
"Few more hours mom," he muttered woozily, staring at the screen.
"You're dating
"Wait, seriously?" he grinned. "I get to see May today?"
He jumped to his feet, scrambling as he whirled to Peter. "Wh-what?" he stuttered, eyes wide. His chicken wrap was on the ground but he could care less.
"Eh," Scott shrugged. "It was just me, Hope, and a few other people. We were pretty quiet and just watched the live show at New York on TV,"
Steve gaped a little. "Uh. Cool."
"Right," Bucky nodded and wiped his face. "Let's just - let's just head home -"
"And the way he acted," May pulled back, frowning. "How cold he was and how...almost rude - I - I've never seen that from him before. Not even when he was growing up."
"Of course they do kid but I'm not here because of that," Bucky looked around. "I'm not ever really around for Avengers things unless they absolutely need me cause I can be a bit...dangerous. So I tend to help people get home safe,"
"Sorry,
Also, by the way, dont think that because I dont reply to your comment it means I have seen it or read it. I do read like all of them, but I dont reply to every single one because some times you guys just post 'yessss' or smiley face. Which I love cus it tells me you guys are liking the fic but...there's no way to really respond to that if you know what I mean? XD
The terrorist groups that used those weapons the same way the Ten Rings did.
Tony seemed froze. Inside his head, Steve was laughing from shock and Tony's face. He was shocked that it was so easy to make Tony-the Tony Stark,
"I don't want to go back to school." Peter blurted, gasping out his first sentence since the attack. "I don't want that to happen again. And I keep on getting bullied. And I'm already advanced for most of those classes -"
May smiled back and shook his hand. "Yes. I was Peter's guardian."
"They
"I'll get her number and we can work it out." Natasha sighed, massaging her head. These past few days have been so filled with action that it was starting to fall on her.
Steve blinked. "What?"
T'Challa's eyes widened slightly. "He
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?" Clint leaned over.
And he's
"What?" she looked at him.
"I still think we should've done Stark Industries but," Peter shrugged. "Oscorp is okay too."
Steve walked over and crouched down to gently reach out his hand. Tony startled slightly but he turned to sniff at Steve's hand and then he promptly licked it. Steve froze for a second, startled that
"She's fifteen, and I just turned fifteen yesterday," Bucky said probably.
of the Avengers were standing in front of him. Captain America was standing next to Tony Stark and there was Hawkeye and Bruce Banner and Thor to the side. The Falcon had bypassed everyone to make something in the kitchen and the Winter Soldier had followed but paused to hear the conversation.
"I second that!" Clint spoke up, nodding. Scott, Hope, and Rhodey were nodding with both of them. Bruce was also in the living room and seemed to debate it for a moment before nodding with the others.
Natasha looked her over one more time before leaving the room.
"Where?" Steve asked, still slightly suspicious. Even though, Natalia promised she wouldn't kick his butt, she still looked threatening, and even though Bucky didn't beat him up, he was wild and mischievous. Just by looking at him, you could tell.
"Goddamnit." Bucky cursed and ran after the older Maximoff as Steve laughed.
Natasha dropped everything and ran over to him, barely registering the suit he was in. "Peter Romanov what the actual hell were you thinking?!" she hissed at him, untying the rope.
Phil smiled. "You had a segment of school yesterday where police came and took your fingerprints yes?"
"Peter Parker," Peter slowly unwrapped the meal in from of him. He looked a little suspicious about it and Harley didn't blame him. Peter stopped suddenly. "I am
He brought out his permission slip and skidded to a halt after MJ and Ned who were at the end of the line.
Natasha quickly followed him, speaking into the comm. "By the way, quick notice to everyone - Peter is Spider-Man,"
." Natasha responded sharply, glaring him down. Peter shrank before becoming angry himself. Peter saw Bucky shoot him a sorry look but Peter ignored it in favor of throwing up his hands and making an annoyed sound before shoving himself out of his chair and stomping up to his room.
Steve paused.
Harley paused. Peter was panting slightly as he said that all in one breath. "That's a lot," Harley admitted slowly. "I-I don't know what to say other than you're right, orphanages suck."
"Peter!" Wanda yelled, tear streaked.
"I was kidnapped," he fumed, crossing his arms.
Tony just kept yowling and pawing at Steve's feet. Steve, annoyed now, bent down and picked Tony up from the ground and Tony's yowling came to a stuttering stop. Steve held him for a moment and Tony decided this was good enough as he stopped talking and just settled in.
Peter was out for just over an hour when he settled on top of an inactive crane, eating a burrito that an old lady gave him. His spidey sense picked up and he flipped so that he was crouched low, ready to attack if necessary when he saw the Iron Man armor flash in his face.
. Like,
"Sweet," Tony jumped onto the bed next to him. "And what do you think about me sleeping here tonight?"
Tony had gone to get ice cream, then came back and Steve turned to a different page as Tony laid his head in Steve's lap.
As soon as they were gone, it was like a cloud lifted and Tony announced, "I don't think I like her."
!" Pietro crowed and Wanda and Clint joined in once the game was all set up.
"Your wings," Steve pointed out and Tony tensed. "You hate them, but...they're phoenix wings."
2014 - (First part of this chapter)
Peter screamed.
"Idiot?" Tony frowned. "I have an IQ of 260-"
"I - sick," Peter emphasized, feeling like he was about to throw up.
"Yeah. Little one-not that big-but uh..." Tony cleared his throat. "I'm gonna need backup."
He closed his eyes and focused on the waves of the wharf. It felt as if the waves were right next to him and he swallowed hard. He picked up his phone and began to search things about spider bites but just got more and more confused.
Natasha walked over to where Tony was sitting and sat next to him. "So what did he think of Rhodey?" She remembered Rhodey as someone who helped support Tony - and Natasha when things went south and Tony found out that not only did he have a son, but a kidnapped son.
They had ten left when they lost Natalia.
Natalia had practically mauled Bucky when she saw him. There was some whooping and cat-calling and Steve gave a look mixed with back-off and yeah-they-are-cute to the other soldiers.
"Who to kill first?" Thanos mused, scanning around them. "Let's start big, shall we?" He stood as the Avengers, Doctor Strange and the Guardians watched in horror. Thanos turned to a planet and extended the Gauntlet upward.
"Are you - Are you okay?" Peter asked, laughing breathlessly.
"Just thinking about how it's going to go with May," she sighed and Steve nodded. They lulled in to silence with not much else to say.
MJ quirked a brow but she didn't look like she didn't believe him, no it was something else.
His parents had been killed when he was six and his aunt and uncle had taken him in (recently, his uncle Ben had died and he got a bit choked up about that but Tony gave him a one-armed hug).
"Hopefully nobody needs the avengers today or tomorrow because I have a feeling we'll be incapacitated for a bit," Steve chuckled next to them and Natasha smiled while Tony laughed.
"That was weird," Peter muttered and then he shook his head and looked down at his phone. "Well, I should go - hey Harley could I get your phone number?"
"Oh," Peter chewed his lip, shifting a bit. "So what are you doing here?"
They settled into a routine. It was pretty easy for everyone else considering Tony cat at this part only stayed near Steve. He would weave around Steve's legs and feet and Steve got pretty good at catching himself and not falling and tripping.
"Most likely."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I hear you, Tones-I hear you," Rhodey called in on the comms. "By the way, a giant machine just came in and the guy on board is Fury-"
At the end of the class, Peter waited and took his time putting his stuff away, frowning the whole time. MJ hopped on his desk and looked at him. "What's up?"
"Yes," Natasha said dryly. "That is
Peter enjoyed being next to Harley, finding a constant smile on on his face when he hung out with the young man. The whole time, Peter continued to mull over how he would tell Harley he's Spider-Man but as time went on, he figured it would be better if he just said nothing.
"That sounds like a lot of fun," Clint mused. "Please tell me I get to help build it."
"All the fucking time," Bucky grumped and jumped down after Steve.
"Pe..ter?" Ben spoke, his voice raspy and rough.
dads," he gestured to Captain America and Tony. Cap looked surprised for a moment as Peter continued. "This is a total upgrade and probably the best day of my entire life!"
Tony's wings became long and wide with blue and red and white feathers.
"So, this is the kid you've been looking for for twelve years?" Mr. Stark stepped forward, looking Peter over.
"I'm - I'm good how are you?" Peter asked, smiling.
Steve found himself staring at the man.
"Nice choice of words weirdo," MJ approved. Harry looked momentarily bewildered but nodded his thanks.
"May Parker is dead and Peter is in Tennessee," Steve remarked, still staring at the hole.
Bucky nodded, approving and she rolled her eyes, waving him off.
(See the end of the chapter for
"But what about the city?" Peter asked worriedly.
"Said he was going to his aunt's house." Steve tossed her toast and bacon. Pietro, Wanda, and Vision were eating in the lounge. Bucky was sparring air and Tony was stilled holed up in his lab (which he had been for the past three days).
my Aunt but she's my guardian - she's the nicest person ever and she took care of me once my - my other parents died when I was six and when Ben died a year ago - she would never willingly take me away -
"Mr. Parker?" a voice came from inside and Peter peeked his head in to see May and a man sitting at the desk and there were two men behind him and two men next to the door.
"I won't kick your butt," she promised. "What's you name,
Ned and Betty looked over at him (MJ was in a different class at this period) and Peter swallowed.
"Where did Peter go?" Pepper frowned.
Steve nodded. "Yeah. But you don't really have a choice. Peter really isn't giving you one."
!-old friend I guess named Aldrich Killian came and tried to join my weapons manufacture through Pepper-
Everyone fit in and so far, everyone was getting along great. Tony and Steve's relationship was a little rocky but in the end all they had to do was get into each other's beds. Natasha saw that coming. She always see these things coming.
"What are you talking about?" Natasha also asked, twisting to look over at Clint. She was hanging upside down in a entanglement of wires and computer lines with a SD card in between her teeth as she messed around with the lines to get the intel.
"Oh my god." He said loudly.
"Steve?" Tony stared at the sky.
"Thank you." She said.
The Black Widow frowned. "Who's May?"
Peter was sitting at a chair, messing around with technology and a pair of glasses and metal and red skin thing. Natasha didn't pay too close attention to it and she walked forward since Peter did not flinch or make a move that he had heard her.
Tony stopped. "You drew my wings?"
"Hey, that's the Harry intern kid right?" MJ squinted and Peter followed her gaze with a start.
"Let's find out." Clint gestured the way and Natasha strutted forward past him, determination in her stride. Clint followed closely behind and they headed out of the building and onto one of it's many balconies.
"It so was!" he crowed.
"No, yeah, I -" Peter started, feeling nervous.
Pain erupted in Peter's stomach and Peter swayed, having the breath taken from him. His hand began to tingle and feel absolutely out of this world.
Fury then told Steve that Spider-Man's identity would be kept secret from the public and SHIELD. Steve asked why and Fury replied with the fact that Spider-Man wanted it that way. Fury left and Steve expected Spider-Man to take off his mask. Instead, he whispered something to Tony and they both left the room.
." JARVIS announced and everyone froze.
Spider-Man!?" Tony yelped, back pedaling.
"Why?" Tony looked at him curiously.
Fury walked inside. "Agent Romanoff? Rogers? You might want to see this." He looked at both of them before walking out snappily.
"I'm - I'm sorry," that's all Ben got in before the ambulance responded and Peter was losing it, going absolutely hysterical.
Bucky hummed. "Yeah. Kind of." He scrunched his nose. "I guess you could say that. Never really thought of it that way so I don't know."
He got to the end of the day when it felt like something was off. Peter tapped his pencil anxiously, staring at the door. His teacher had to call to his name several time to get his attention back to class.
"Yeah but Sam is a professional cook," Bucky mocked and Sam slapped his head. Bucky just laughed and Sam muttered something before resuming his cooking.
Bucky looked at him weirdly. "What? No. Nat's dressing Tony in a dress."
Steve stopped drawing.
"He didn't-" Pietro froze. "Oh god. He
Tony Stark was a Phoenix.
"When do I get to see Peter?" She asked flatly. Natasha pursed her lips.
"What!" Tony stared at Natasha in confusion and amazement and slight anger. Natasha slapped him and Steve glanced over at the elevator. "What - but Natasha -"
~~~~~~~
Harley slammed his locker shut and put his earbuds in as the younger kids of Saint Anne-Marie's Orphanage ran ahead. Harley was now the oldest since Bellaruse left. Bel was nice but she was often an ass to the younger kids and staff members. She hated this place. It's why she ditched this place as soon as she turned sixteen.
"If I were to grab some fresh air, would you have to report to Tony or Natasha?"
This chapter clocked in at about 2k words oh my god.
"You did the right thing," May said quietly, gently reaching out to hold Natasha's hand. Natasha strangely didn't want to move away from her and Pepper hugged her. "Trust me."
"Because your the son of one of our agents." Phil told him. He gestured for Peter to sit down on the couch in the middle of the room. "She's been looking for you ever since you went missing."
"Another week of this?" Clint moaned. Tony meowed back, yapping at him distastefully. Clint stuck his tongue out at Tony and Tony lunged at him. Steve was able to catch Tony's waist and yank him back before anything could happen.
couldn't died!" Steve argued. "How are you holding-?"
Peter turned back to Harry. "Well it was good to see you again."
"NATASHA'SMARRYINGBUCKY! NATASHA'SMARRYINGBUCKY!" Pietro zoomed back, repeating the mantra over and over as Bucky stumbled to the side from the force of him running.
Peter was about to say something else when the door opened and out stepped Natasha and Tony. "Uh. Hey! This is Ha -"
"He's marking his territory," Natasha said, sounding a little bored. "I know how cats work idiots."
Peter took a deep breath and swooped in to grab the keys and two things happened.
And then he stabbed Tony.
And as he just about finished his drawing, a hand came in and swiped the pad off his lap and onto the muddy ground.
"I know," Black Widow replied and Peter realized that Phil had left. "I know and I'm going to help, I promise but can I...can I just..." Peter gave her a blank look, unsure as to what she was asking.
Tony felt happier than he had been in years.
Peter peeked over the couch to look at the group that came out of the doors and froze. Natasha stood up and glanced at Peter and smirked a little.
Some parts of the last chapter might not make sense because it went through like three drafts because this chapter kept changing.
Peter finally looked at her, eyes wet. "I - Okay. I get it. I'm sorry -"
on something."
Wings all around him as he ran outside into a strange new world that scared him. Wings everywhere he looked, flapping or tensed out. Spreading and relaxing.
"Can you get to a safe place to explain some more?" Bucky asked, calming Natalia. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Peter drop down-Clint right after him. Peter scrambled over to Steve (he would go to Tony and then Steve if he got scared).
Steve felt his wings spread out further and try and flap. But they didn't make any noise or progress. Steve decided he must've been too heavy to lift for his wings.
"I think villians took the holidays off," Sam yawned, drinking his own coffee while Bucky scarfed down some eggs. "We haven't had an alert in days."
Tony blinked. "Oh. Um. Upgrading your suit. And maybe making a room where that sensory overload thing won't be that bad."
"Then I pronounce you husband and husband." The priest announced and everyone cheered.
"Oh, well happy birthday,"
"I am fine," Peter snapped and Natasha took a step backwards, surprised at the harshness. Peter breathed out slowly "I'm fine," he repeated and turned away.
"We did say that we would take the stealth route," Black Widow was suddenly in Harley's garage along with Captain America and White Wolf.
Tony squinted and his eyes darted back and forth before he sighed in surrender. "Fine. Yeah. Alright. Good idea."
"No." Steve shook his head. "Just taking...taking it in." Steve sighed heavily as Tony turned and sat down at his workbench.
All of the Avengers slowly turned to Natasha and Tony. Tony glanced between all of them before whirling to Natasha, a panicked and concerned expression on his face.
Tony was thirteen when he officially measured his wings.
"He's in danger." Natalia said aloud and bolted to the stairs.
And then something was rubbing against his chest and there was this humming nose that seemed to reverberate through Steve's entire ribcage. He found himself calming down, feeling his breaths match the breaths of the thing that was in his lap. Something curled around his face and Steve opened his eyes.
Peter smiled gratefully and then turned on his heel and sprinted to the stairs, taking two at a time. He slung his backpack over his shoulder and headed towards the school where the field trip bus was.
600ish words
Also, this is the chapter where I apply Phlebotinum to my plot yikes.
Jarvis' were like a tawny owl's wings.
He looked back and sighed before following Black Widow and Peter out the door.
But his strength was depleted and Peter figured he must have been drugged. If these people knew what powers Spider-Man had, they clearly had gone out of their way to make sure he wouldn't escape.
Steve's eyes widened and Tony pulled Peter onto his tip toes to hide his face.
"What the hell is going on?" Natasha garbled behind the disc.
Harley nearly ran over a redhead three-year-old he recognized as Charlie jarring him from his thoughts. He stopped, sighing as he looked around the house.
Steve remembered Howard and how much of an ass he was when he talked about his machines. He thought they were the most amazing things in the world and Steve felt that he was too arrogant and selfish. Steve really hoped he didn't have to deal with another Stark like that.
Pietro and Sam were caked in blood and dirt, Wanda was crying because Vision was dead and Thor, Natalia, Bucky, and Pietro looked furious. Tony was struggling trying to reach Harley and Peter whose were in cages a few feet away. He didn't want to loose them after Rhodey, Happy, and Pepper were killed protecting the other Avengers back on Earth.
Day ???? of quartentine but I'm reaching levels of insanity that I didn't know existed
He gently scratched Tony's ear and Tony titled his head for better access before opening his eyes and yawning widely. The feline stood, stretching. He leaned backwards like a cat would and shuddered slightly before twitching his nose and jumping off the bed, tail held high.
"You love it," Natasha kissed her cheek and handed her a cup of coffee. Pepper nursed it and sipped lightly from it.
Later, Tony had a feeling that the reason why Steve stared at him so much was because when he woke up, that was the first time that Steve saw wings.
"Steeeve-can we spar?" Peter rolled on the top of the couch, moaning.
Peter was on the ground, unharmed except for his cheek but shaking in shock. He was breathing hard and his wings were just barely twitching. His wings-which used to move so fast-could possibly never move again.
Everyone stood and the music started as Steve gaped.
"Other than the fact that when Peter was kidnapped, they quit Oscorp and surfed under the radar until they died in 2006 and a funeral service was held." Tony replied.
He put the chicken wraps down and paused. He tried to ignore the faint buzz in his head, silently berating it as he waited for something to happen.
"I could probably ask Jarvis to get some cat food," Bruce suggested and that comment gave him a scratch on the leg.
"Uh - the Avengers wanted to talk to me but I have a feeling they wanted do see my identity or something," Peter shrugged off the suit in a back alley. He looked around, wondering where he should stick the suit and wishing he had brought a backpack.
Bucky sighed. "They made it so you could get pregnant because they wanted an assassin with a brilliant mind."
Flash sneered and MJ punched his shoulder. "Watch it loser," Flash looked like he was going to reciprocate but he was being ushered off by Mr. Harrington.
Steve looked down and swallowed. "Tony, babe, that's high-oof!"
"Yeah," Peter nodded. "I was happy to help! And if it happens again, just go to another woman in the area - she'll help you out."
Natasha threw him another glare, flustered and confused as to what to do. When she was this emotionally overwhelmed, she tended to lash out.
"So they could have been bribed," Natasha suggested thoughtfully.
With a startling realization, Steve realized that she knew. She knew he didn't like her the way she did. Steve promised and jumped onto the ship.
Killian leaned down and slapped him.
"Well, you're welcome to leave whenever." Tony waved behind him.
Peter had been kidnapped 12 years ago when he had just been three years old. Natasha had left him with some SHIELD agents when she went on her own mission with Clint and when she came back he was gone and the SHIELD agents were incapacitated.
Peter slipped and his throat when dry. "Who - who the hell are you talking about?"
Clint and Natasha seemed the friendliest with each other and Thor was just happy to be around everyone else. He seemed to be a pretty happy-go-lucky-guy anyway. Bruce came by and talked to Steve for a little bit and told him that Thor was a god so he didn't know much about what he called 'Midgard's' customs.
"I -" Natasha started but Peter steamrolled past her.
"I promise you won't regret it Pete," Harry told him and dragged him away from the group and down some stairs to what looked like a private lab area.
Harley laughed. "This way doofus," Harley led them out to the street where the dodged cars and giggled at the honking before making it safely across and walking down the sidewalk.
Steve and Clint nodded in agreement.
She ducked inside and immediately started dashing towards the red blip that JARVIS had pinged. People started shooting at her but she either ignored them or shot back, killing them almost instantly. She ducked and slid while the rest of the ground team covered for her.
wings quivered, twitching slightly as if they were confused.
"Goddamnit." Tony muttered. "It looks like your wings just didn't carry you-"
Holy shit it's actually done 0.0
"I second that," Clint called, fiddling with the rope on his bow. Natasha looked over at them, before turning to the opening door. Phil came in and Natasha talked before he even could.
Natasha smiled and turned to shake Harley's hand. "It's nice to meet you Harley."
Scott smiled back. "Very."
Observation 2: He was taller. Much taller.
Peter sighed and scanned through tumblr before feeling like he was going to barf again and set down the phone to hover over the toilet.
"Quiche!"
"We're thinking of letting her see Peter," Phil said and it got an instant reaction from the four Avengers.
Peter's clothes were often covered in cat hair these days.
"If I had known, it would have broken my heart but I would have given him back," May said softly. Natasha looked at her for a moment, blank stare.
So...I do not have this story completely finished. It is entirely thought out so all I have left is to actually write it but it might take a while considering I have two other stories in progress on AO3 and Wattpad.
Instead, they got kidnapped because, la-ti-ta, Aldrich Killian and his Extremisms were waiting for them.
And Tony was holding all six of them.
Tony scratched his head. "Yeah. Peter just created two AIs. He named one Karen and hasn't gotten the voice capabilities set up but he's got a second one in a pair of glasses called Edith."
"Thank you," Natasha said it for him and Pepper nodded, leaving.
May smiled further, breathing out softly. "Yes. Peter - god, Peter is so smart and so thoughtful. He has such a strong will and..." she sighed. "I really do wish you were there."
Steve stopped and Bucky, Natalia, and Clint whirled to him.
"Phil will determine that." Natasha replied and Peter's frown turned into a glare. Natasha gave him a look and he sighed, looking away.
?" He smiled.
Fifteen minutes in and Harry tugged at Peter's sleeve. "This is the third time I've been on this tour and let me tell you, it just gets more boring from here," Peter giggled and glanced at Harry who feigned yawning and laughed a little more.
?" Peter squawked. "That's not helpful! What do you
"Okay." Tony forced him to stop. "Give me one second..."
"And I'm sorry," Natasha added. "I'm sorry for disregarding your feelings towards the situation. I'm sorry for being so focused on you being here and not...not you..."
Steve looked at Tony. Tony's wings had settled back down and his body heat was Donne as well. Extremis seemed to have dissipated after Tony grabbed the gauntlet. At least, that's what Seve guessed.
"Got any homework bud?" Tony switched the subject and looked at Peter. Peter's mouth dropped for a second before he snapped it shut and his lips twitched.
protective -"
But it would be fine! Nothing was going to go wrong. Maybe it would be a little awkward but they were just going for shakes and then walking around the city and visiting shops. And it's not like New York was a closeted city so nobody would be judging them.
The man in the middle was a Titan called Thanos.
Tony blinked. "Ah."
Tony laughed. "Nah, I get it Capsicle. So you just want me to sleep with you huh?" Tony's eyes glinted and Steve went redder.
"You died." Tony whispered, crying. "I had to-to do
are you? What is going on? Where are you from?"
," Tony cut her off. "
And then laughed.
'The Phoenix must burn to emerge' -Janet Fitch
Tony hid his wings, despite Pepper and Rhodey telling him he looked beautiful with them (Pepper tried to touch the feather-ed one, but it exploded into a flurry of movement, practically knocking her off her feet.
Tony waved his hand, walking away. "My resignation from the Avengers? I figured you'd want it now."
"No!" Tony, Natasha, Clint, Bucky, and Sam collectively barked. Thor chuckled and Natasha vaguely registered Bruce saying something through the comm.
"Bucky," Peter tried to hiss again and Bucky turned, hearing him. "Bucky -"
"'Now that that's done'," Tony quoted and gave Steve an unimpressed stare. "That. What was that about?"
There was a moment of silence as MJ and Ned took that in.
Tony sat up quickly and glanced at Steve. He was staring at him, with wide eyes.
did he get in Tennessee?"
The teen - she couldn't be older than 14 or 15 - nodded. "Sounds good. Thanks again!" she hugged him and Peter obliged, hugging her back. Then she quickly dashed into her house and Peter ducked away into an alley. He glanced around and then fiddled with his phone to see if he could hop onto a police line and find some sort of crime somewhere when there was a cough to his right.
Steve thought it would be easy.
also I love comments makes me feel like km doing something good but kudos is just as amazing Iove yous <3
Harley's wings were like a blue bird's except emerald green (Harley could see wings and was relieved when everyone said they could see wings too. Harley didn't explain why, but the scars and bruises on his arms and back spoke volumes).
The men led the two of them outside and towards a limo security sort of car. May and Peter were forced to get inside and they filed into the backseat, feeling overwhelming nervousness.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
So, he ended up hating Captain America.
They didn't make it out before seeing Johann Schmidt-the man that Erskine said was the first test trial. It didn't work and instead, Schmidt was left with a red skull face and a power-hungry surge for what he called 'peace'. Schmidt left after cutting Bucky and Steve's way out. But Bucky jumped across and then Steve, both leaving the burning building behind to find Natalia and the rest of the group.
Steve, feeling wary about that situation but more concerned about Tony, contacted Natasha. "Nat, status on Tony?"
He chewed his lip before calling out, "Hey Jarvis?"
"Will you marry me?" Steve blurted.
He paled when he came face to face with an officer of sorts.
He didn't notice the look of pained hurt flash across Natasha's face in surprise.
Steve would continue to go on his runs but he'd take Tony with him. And he was pleasantly surprised to see Tony running with him. That ended quickly though because after the third day, Tony stopped at a park bench and let Steve keep running. When Steve came back, Tony was surrounded by kids who were all petting him and he was happily purring.
Peter blinked but then grinned ecstatically. "Awesome!"
The trio headed off the bus together and filed after their class. Peter looked up and noticed the the security cameras guarding the entrance.
"That's the law Natasha." Phil replied firmly. "We can sort that paperwork out later but she has asked to see Peter and since she still has legal rights to him, there's no way we can legally keep her detained for this long."
"Yeah." Tony nodded. "A little shit sometimes but he's a nice one."
"What? I was just wondering what Peter told that intern what he would be willing to suck for money -"
The day started normal - MJ and Ned peppered him with questions, he gave them answers, told them what was happening with his family, and he felt like his AP Chemistry test went amazing.
"Eh, okay." Harley smiled back and then shot a glare at Harry who had his hair slicked back and was in a grey suit. "Trying to reason with this asshole." Harry went a beat red with what looked like frustration and anger.
"It's rude to peer into private people's lives," Clint piped up. "Especially a minor."
"24 hours right?" Natasha said coolly. "Get her to sign the paperwork and once
"So now we just need to -" Natasha started.
Steve had to drag the kicking and screaming Bucky from the blown up base.
"And Harley just -" Peter stopped and bit his lip before looking at May meekly. "He just asked me out."
"Hello, you must be May Parker." Steve walked over, holding out his hand and giving an award winning smile. Natasha and Tony stayed near the back and Natasha could feel Tony sulking next to her.
"You know what kid," Clint swung by and slung his arm around Peter's shoulders. "I think you're going to fit right in."
"Natasha, chill," Tony laughed a little, pulling her into a hug. "You look like your about to have a panic attack." He kissed her forehead and she tried to calm down.
"I mean-" Steve stumbled and both broke into laughter. Steve went red and waited for them to finish, grumbling.
"Is it okay that Peter is here?" Bruce spoke up.
They destroyed almost half of New York but Stark Industries made a gracious donation to help the city rebuild. Later, they found that Loki had been mind-controlled by some alien named Thanos and the Chitauri army was his.
"I'm sorry Mr. Parker, but you are a little biased, considering you've been with her for so long, you would have no idea if she actually kidnapped you," Phil interrupted, giving him a look.
"Yeah, this is Peter," Natasha motioned to Peter and he awkwardly stood.
"Is that-?" Steve started.
As Steve was doing his training, she was off to the side, working with other people and working closely with Agent Carter.
"How old is he?" Clint asked, scrunching up his face.
"What? Oh yeah," Steve said quickly and tony grinned.
"Fir----not your---guys!" Tony's voice was crackling. "Pe--Pet-PEter!"
This one clocks in at 4.5k 0.0
Steve broke away to breath and placed his forehead on Tony's. "Thank you for trying."
"In the lab." Tony mumbled, pouring coffee. "Oh. They're okay-doing good."
Peter shrugged on the suit after a few modifications and he tip toed over to the window to open it.
Tony looked like he was about to make a joke when the TV suddenly came to life. The Avengers stopped what they were doing to go over and look at it.
Pepper looked down, breathing in deeply. "On the book, I can't say. Off the book-he hates them." She looked up. "He loved his old wings-red, white, and blue-he adored them."
The sound echoed over all the room and Peter fell back. His wings went absolutely still and Killian stood back up. Steve could finally see the glistening blue-multicolored wings. His wings didn't move and Peter looked like he was gasping and afraid.
The news was a bombshell but Thor acted like it was a casual mention.
"Eventually." Natsha said finally.
That...that sounded like Ben. Peter frowned, worried.
It was weird that Tony didn't have any wings and it creeped Steve out every time Tony walked into the room. And it seemed like he was the only one with that problem.
Natalia kept his spirits up but Steve would always sneak out and continue to apply. Steve from Brooklyn. Steve from Chicago. Steve from Idaho. Steve from Ohio. Steve from New York. Over and over and over again.
"I'm afraid she's spelled Anthony." Thor sounded concerned. "And I am unsure of the consequences."
"And I have an IQ of 245," Harley snapped. "Don't pull that crap on me-look at what you did!" Tony looked incredulous.
Tony gaped. "Y-Yes! Steve-yes! I do!" and kissed him.
Tony's leg bounced and he tried to find a way to say he wanted out when Natasha turned the car around.
Tony looked over her shoulder at the computer and looked at her. "You know, I don't tend to look at folders or search histories or anything, but when it comes to my second favorite person -"
"Who?" Peter's brow furrowed.
"Just be aware that they're really protective. Like
"Oh." Peter blinked. "Cool I guess."
came out of the armor and Harley gaped harder. He always had his suspicions that Iron Man was actually Tony Stark but he couldn't believe that he was right.
When Peter looked away, he frowned when he saw her looking sad. "May -"
"Thanks Stevie," Bucky grinned. "Say, do you want to come with us?"
Peter chewed his lip. "Well, I'm just wondering what you're doing."
"Come on," she muttered, pushing both of them towards a back exit.
"I know gangs - nothing civil happens," Peter snorted. He stayed on the wall while Bucky looked like he was sizing up the situation.
Julian smirked. "You're a lot braver that I thought. Too bad we're going to have to get rid of you," Julian gave an exaggerated sigh. "You've had too much time to build up free will. And it looks like we won't be able to get you where we want you." Julian stood and walked over to Peter, looking him over. "I was really looking forward to taking over the world." he suddenly had a gun in his hand and was raising it to Peter's face.
Peter turned around and grinned when he saw Harley waving at him from the sidewalk a few steps away. "Hey Harley. How are you?"
"Nope," Peter shook his head, telling Harley the truth and throwing the flower part of the strawberry into the nearby trash bin. "Have you?"
Pepper always knew when Natasha was emotional no matter how hard Natasha tried to hide. Pepper always got her and the only way Natasha really knew that Pepper knew she was upset tonight was the fact that she had Bruce make Natasha a margarita.
"What you two making?" Natasha called to Bucky and Sam. "Breakfast? At noon?"
And he stepped back. There, standing a few feet behind Tony, was a completely different person than Spider-Man.
Steve turned to Tony staring at him with wide eyes. "Yeah. That's the emergency."
"What's your favorite movie or movie series?" Natasha asked.
"Sweet." Tony nodded. "It's great when we have an idea of how to get information."
Tony stopped.
Steve stumbled back, away from her and away from the room.
"Oh my god," Pepper said loudly, shocked.
"Holy shitballs," Tony startled, blinking rapidly. "Wow that was a crazy dream," He looked over at Steve. "Hi honey,"
There was a loud sound and then a door opened. Killian turned around, grinning as another guard came out with Tony. Tony was bound and gagged, stumbling towards the man and glaring at him. Killian turned back to the Avengers, as if showing off a prize.
He was about to knock when JARVIS unlocked the door. Peter smiled at the ceiling, knowing that JARVIS noticed it. Peter walked into the room, looking around for Tony.
Peter was fine.
"The one-oh-seventh. The rest were killed or captured." Peggy looked at the group, ruefully. Natalia froze.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve cleared his thorat. "I drew them."
"What?" He frowned.
is happening?"
Tony was staring after where Peter had left. He then turned to Natasha, licking his lips. "So that went well."
"Peter?" Natasha stepped forward. "Let's get you home okay sweetie?"
Shots ran out to the ceiling but they were just deflected back. Someone landed between Peter and Killian. Twenty-four feet wings flared out, knocking Killian off his feet. The left wing was full of red, orange, and gold feathers. They twitched and fluttered glittering in the light of the plane.
"Oh. Yes. Is that a problem?" She asked, looking concerned.
Tony spluttered and went even redder (if that was possible).
"I guess that would be nice," Wanda shrugged.
The next day, they blew up the training room.
Another 2k
"What's Extremis?" Steve looked at Peter, voice as soft as it could be.
Peter began to screech, more so in shock than pain. Harry's second hand rapidly rose to cover Peter's mouth and Peter shook off the spider and grabbed the keys and pulled out. Harry quickly put the cover over the tank and they both held their breaths for a moment.
Steve caught him and held him close. "Tony, what did you do?"
She took a step back, going deathly quiet as she looked over him. "Peter." she said quietly. "What...are you wearing?"
"Whoa, Pete, baby, what's wrong?" Harry was at his side in a moment.
Even though he stopped talking about the wings, Tony grew into a teenager and began to fight back.
Natasha sent Phil a sharp glare. "No."
Natasha nodded towards the door and Phil let out a puff of incredulous air before opening the door.
It wasn't that big of a deal-he liked Bruce and Bucky enough. And Thor, Natasha, Clint, and Steve were nice. Plus, Fury said it was a better way for the Avengers to train and work together.
Harley shrugged. He glanced at Peter's wings while the young man laughed. Peter's wings were sporadic. They would flap really fast sometimes but other times, most of the time, they would just stop. They'd go really still. Initially, Harley had thought they might've been insect wings. But when they went really fast, he realized that they were hummingbird wings. Harley decided not to ask, remembering that hummingbird wings only stopped moving when they suffered trauma.
"He's your friend." Natalia shot back, opening the door that Fury had lead them too. Her voice went quiet. "You should care too-Bucky!"
The wings turned.
than him!"
Peter's head began to spin with the information and he started to look around the large room. "I - I still don't understand how I can trust you."
with a ferocity that we didn't envision. It took us three years to finally be able to pry you away from her. And when we did? Our hired workers wanted to keep you away from us. You see, your
"Right." He jogged over, and ducked, hopping up onto her roof and gently rapping on the window.
The kid beamed. "I like you. I'm-"
"How-how-?" Steve gasped, staggering to his feet. Tony ran over to him and hugged  tightly. He was shaking with energy and a low hum vibrated from his body to Steve's.
The first date was a Star Wars marathon down in the lab. Tony stumbled a lot and stuttered and went red a ton. It was only a day after the wedding though so Steve didn't blame him for any of that.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Explain what - why are you wearing a Spider-Man costume?" Tony's brow furrowed and Natasha threw him an 'are you serious?' look.
"That was-" they started together but stopped.
"Shut up Flash," MJ rolled her eyes and Ned chewed his slice, averting his eyes.
"I'm sorry by the way," Peter put in. "I know this was supposed to be a special trip for you and I -"
"Yeah!" Peter barreled forward and launched into a hug with her. Natasha held him close and Peter felt safe.
"That was quite the party," Scott continued, cheerfully. "I could almost see it all the way over in Vermont!"
Everyone seemed nice enough but Steve didn't interact. He stayed off to the side and just watched.
"Yeah, it's pretty close baby," Harry nodded. Peter frowned a little at the nickname, feeling a mix between uncomfortable and endeared.
"Tony." Steve caught his wrist over the couch. "They are
"Who was that?" Natalia frowned, looking at Bucky.
"I'll just text my grandma, she won't mind," Harley walked in after Tony, turning to wink at Peter before heading inside.
Peter paused. "N - no. Obviously not. I just - I gotta go patrol. You know?"
"Yeah that's the intern," MJ nodded. The group started walking to the first station and the intern lagged behind.
To be completely honest, Peter wasn't 100% impressed. He met Mr. Osborn and his son a while ago in elementary school. Harry Osborn and Harley Keener were his very first best friends. Then, after fourth grade, Harry was shipped to boarding school and Harley moved to Tennessee and in fifth grade, Peter met MJ and Ned.
"Well, just come with us and we'll figure that out," Black Widow sounded calm and trusting and Peter almost followed.
2010 - Natasha meets Tony again
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter choked a little while Steve leaned in. "Really? Why? How did he even show up?"
~~~~~~
Peter frowned. That can't be Ben then. And they certainly can't be talking about him.
"Relax Pete!" May laughed, handing him his lunch. "Don't forget to text Ben when you head home! And have fun at Oscorp!"
"I thought it looked amazing." Natasha praised and Peter preened, grinning. Natasha went silent for a moment. "Peter...we visited May." Peter's smile vanished and he stared at her.
?" Tony looked at Peter in surprise.
"So when's the wedding?" Bucky joked. Steve sputtered and turned red while Natalia laughed.
Richard Parker helped make the selective gene formula that we wanted. That's why we hired him to help create you with the selected genes we wanted. But, when they found out about our plan...they took you away."
2015 - (Second part of this chapter)
"Breakfast for dinner is always great," Peter offered. Sam's brow furrowed.
"So...what do I call you?" Peter asked.
"So what's the plan?" MJ asked, butting in as they headed towards the doors. "For the weekend -?"
Steve looked at his drawing of Tony's wings.
But Bucky fell into the white-tipped cavern below.
Peter was running late. Again.
Tony started to freak out. "Why! Did you not say something!? Where is he? Is he okay? What happened? What's going to happen to him?"
"So how are you nerds doing?" MJ asked, sounding bored as usual.
Steve tried to ignore the puppy eyes, but found he couldn't. "I'd like to, but I have to ask my ma."
Tony laughed breathlessly. "That was our first kiss."
They reminded him of some bird...
He heads into his room and closes the door. He walked over to his window and looked around, debating. He could do that. It's easy.
The next was at the old diner Steve used to go to. This time, roles were reversed. Tony had recovered his wits and was flirting with Steve while Steve lost all that and was stumbling, turning red, and stuttering.
The countdown had begun.
And if a gang was in charge of kidnapping her son, it would explain why SHIELD had lost sight of him. Not completely to be honest but Natasha could try and sort on the details in her mind later.
"Weirdly fine," Natasha muttered.
"Sweetie," Tony tried. "You - you understand
"Why is Natasha laughing?" a male voice. "That's usually never good. What's happening?"
Peter just smiled at her and looked back over at the TV. Natasha shifted, glancing at him and then at the elevator. Her eyes trailed over to where Bucky was and he was giving her a pointed look. She sighed and looked back at Peter who was watching Disney XD with rapt attention.
"I smell bacon!" Tony crowed, pumping his fist in the air. Clint laughed at him and they all sat down to eat. Peter hopped into a seat next to Natasha and next to May. Tony and Steve sat across from him. Pietro, Wanda, and Clint chose to sit sort of off on their own away from the main dining room table. Pepper was sitting next to Natasha. Thor, Bruce, Sam, and Bucky were all nearby as well.
"Yes," Bucky said suddenly and Peter remembered the conversation that they were having. "Yeah, they were just sort of around the area when..." Bucky paused as if mulling over his story. "Well, Spider-Man showed up."
"I don't know." Steve's mind was whirling. "I don't know how, I don't know why-"
That was reinforced to the public when the Avengers moved into Stark Tower.
"Bring Winter out?" Clint suggested and Steve frowned.
"How was your party?" Natasha asked Scott. Scott was a nice guy and he was one of the newest editions with Hope Van Dyne and Carol Danvers.
Steve froze. Then, he realized that Natalia had started yelling with Peter (and when did he start?) and Bucky was thrashing. Clint, Pietro, and Wanda were trying to shimmy out of the bonds. Steve was just frozen. He couldn't move.
Steve lurched up and started gasping for air, shuddering and convulsing. Out of the corner of his eye he saw his door creak open but the pain in his chest and the panic in his brain distracted him from anything else.
May looked up in surprise.
It was something that Howard would punish him for, pushing him, shoving him, beating him, yelling at him, and hitting him.
Since Tony was hole up with Peter, Steve ushered the rest of the team to the main living area to wait. Natalia looked impatient but Bruce promised to let her see Tony when Peter woke up. The part of the team that stayed behind came in a little while later.
can't find him. He's nowhere. He's a ghost."
It didn't go the way he thought it would. Peggy caught him at the end of his show and told him and Natalia that they shouldn't be upset. They just lost more than half their men to enemy lines.
Harley's eyes sparkled and his smirk widened. "Oh, I have a
Once they arrived at Oscorp, Mr. Harrington escorted the class out. When Peter, Ned, and MJ tried to leave their seat, Flash Thompson pushed past them. Peter toppled back a little bit but caught his friend.
"When don't we?" Bucky snarked, throwing his hands in the air.
Goose meowed at the energy disturbance in the room before following after Peter.
"I - what?" Tony demanded. "You just -? How did you -?
Peter's bed was shoved to the far corner and his bathroom door was open. The boxes of stuff from his old room were opposite of his bed and half un-packed. The below part of his loft had been decorated and most of it was new stuff that Tony had ordered him for it.
"Wha-?" Steve's head buzzed. "Natalia, Bucky and I are going to get him. We wanted to know if you wanted to come with us. We're leaving now."
Peter jumped off the couch suddenly and then froze, still staring at the door. Natasha started to talk when the door opened and May Parker stepped out.
He caught Rogers staring at him, but he looked away-opting instead to talk to Bucky, reminding him.
"Hmm?" Peter hummed, glancing over at her.
He walked to the door and opened it, shutting it behind him quietly. He headed to the middle of his makeshift lab, navigating the tables of stuff and machines that didn't need tables.
Based off this image: https://78.media.tumblr.com/b29f438f96a65d870acca75d06c7ec95/tumblr_ozkybgYaEK1ryow7jo1_1280.png
"Uh-huh," Harley harrumphed, rolling his eyes. "That's what she said," he walked over to the table that was turned over last night and picked it up. He pilled the other chicken wraps onto it and started eating his own. He leaned on the table, munching mindlessly.
Before anyone could do anything, Erskine was shot dead.
This is practically another filler chapter. I should be caught up to the plan that I had and they should be getting longer after this chapter but idk. Things are happening and they're not going the way I planned or wanted them to... :/
"He doesn't have any wings." Steve insisted that that was the reason that he kept staring at Tony. Bucky nodded while Natalia rolled her eyes.
Bucky looked at her and then nodded. "Good." He turned and walked after Clint, leaving the door slightly open for her.
Harley suddenly cracked a joke and Peter snorted and started to laugh so hard his sides hurt. And Harley chose that moment to kiss his cheek.
"I can't - they - he knows. He knows everything." Peter came to the realization with surprise. "If -" Peter stopped speaking out loud as he began to plan. When he headed back to the Tower, he would explain that he had been with his friends at the park. He'd also text Ned and MJ that that was the cover story. Then, tonight he would sneak out and get back here where he could talk to the man.
"Experimental science?" Natalia frowned. "Like what?"
Peter shuffled. "Yeah but like...how is school going to work? And what's going to happen to May? And what about my friends?"
"I was told it was a defect," Peter said nervously. "The doctors said that my parents had genes that conflicted and so I got...like..two different eye colors. It's not that prominent, you'd have to be looking straight at me..."
Peter tried to speak but the darkness overtook him and he saw no more.
"Me!" Harley screeched, finding his voice. Tony whirled. "Me! The person whose garage you blew up?! That's me, you idiot!"
But I wanted to ask - I have 26ish works where they are incomplete or in progress or abandoned or whatever and I'm wondering if it is a bad idea to combine all of them into one book? I did that for my profile on Wattpad but I'm thinking of doing it for this profile.
. I don't think it's ever going to be okay but at some point - you have to move on,
"Hey guys - this is Harley, Harley meet Ned and MJ," Peter introduced.
"The plan was so...simple," Julian let out a frustrated growl. "It would've been so easy and nobody would've gotten hurt if it hadn't been for your adopted parents -"
"Hey listen," the leader, a tattooed and shaved bald man raised his hands slowly. "We don't want to cause any trouble. We were just discussing things civily."
Peter looked like he wanted to say something but nothing came out and Natasha took her cue to open her arms. She didn't need to reach for him; he scooted closer to her and gently pressed himself to her and she hugged him tightly.
you might be the only person that can get her -" Peter looked around frantically and then looked at Black Widow. "Please. She would
Harley snorted in some of his shake; a failed attempt at laughing. He pulled away, hacking and coughing as Peter yelped and tried to help before falling into a fit of giggles himself.
Tony slowly nodded.
Phil paused. "Good point. I'm Agent Coulson of Shield - Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. I work with Nick Fury and the Avengers and they asked me to go and get you and detain your aunt because you were pinged yesterday."
"T - Dad?" Peter called. The name sounded smoother on his lips then he would have though and apparently Tony was surprised to because he stepped out from behind a wall of numbers and symbols.
Natasha doesn't want to do that right...?"
Tony never told them that he could see their wings and he never showed his own.
"Oh they know." Peter nodded.
Once he was sure he was safe, Peter ducked out and ran around through New York to help people out. MJ and Ned tuned in for a moment before letting him go. There weren't a lot of criminals around so he was more or less doing flips for pedestrians, helping elderly people cross the road, and helping girls walk home to and from different places in New York.
Natasha felt a wave of an emotion she couldn't name and stayed silent for a moment.
"I - uh," Peter looked at his phone. "Harley, I want - I want to try everything, I promise -"
Natasha regarded him. "Yeah. I think so."
Steve's wings didn't wilt or quiver like they did before under the glare of Tony's. They stretched out to Tony's instead.
Steve smiled softly at Peter who was looking at him, hummingbird wings fluttering rapidly like they always do (they never stop for more than a second). "He's in Iraq getting rid of some of the illegweaponry. He should be fine."
Peter seemed hear it as well because he laughed through the comm. Steve just shook his head.
Peter nodded. "That makes sense. Well, thanks for helping out I guess."
His eyes closed...
betting my son's life on a
Who, coincidentally, was the one who had gotten her pregnant and was Peter father.
Steve took a deep breath as his wings spread behind him. He closed his eyes as he did this and stood on the edge.
Peter flushed a little but smiled at Harley. "Can't wait," he muttered, smiling shyly and Harley's features softened.
As soon as they stepped out of the door, flashes and noises flooded his senses. Peter seized, eyes going wide and his breathing started to raise rapidly.
It was a little long and a little boring oddly enough but idk. We're getting closer to the end eep
A man named Howard Stark helped Erskine through the process of getting Steve in the container that would make him the world's first super soldier.
"What? Oh yeah, no no it won't be." Harry gave him a smile which made Peter worry more.
"Except these are not real wings." Thor rumbled. "They are
"Your real name is Peter Carbonell Romanov-Stark," Phil filled in and Peter felt like he was going to scream and throw up at the same time.
Phil nodded. "Neither do we. It seems as though she suspected that Ben had an idea but she herself didn't." They stood their for a moment and Natasha regarded the way that the woman - May - hold her face in her hands. She shook a little and Natasha frowned. It seemed as though May was crying.
~~~~~~
I think I will ever get pregnant is the
"Oh. Right. It's a chocolate McDonald's milkshake," MJ realized.
"Relax Tony," Steve shrugged the cat off, feeling slightly irked. "I just went on walk - come on, I do it every day!"
Peter staggered back, swallowing hard. His throat had gone as dry as a desert and he felt dizzy and off balance. He swallowed back some bile and turned around weakly to see if the man was there and he wasn't.
"Yo Penis!" Flash called, strolling over to the trio. "What were doing with that intern? Harassing him for money like you usually do with any person?"
Also, please warn me of any extra tags I need to make because this is a bit smut-y ish. Ish, because there isn't any real smut in it but it does have like, smut-like flirting.
She bit her lip. "May is coming to visit to today." Peter stared at her.
"Are you okay?" Wanda whispered to Peter. Everyone turned to him. He was lying on the floor when he looked up at Tony.
Steve sighed and shook his head in confusion before getting out of bed and dressing himself for a run. How was it possible that Tony was more confusing to figure out as a cat?
Tony gets mind controlled by a villain and, even though he’s locked up all his suits for just such an occasion, he still poses a problem for the other Avengers.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Peter, what happened?" MJ asked.
He turned again to see Bucky walking towards him, calmly and cooly. Bucky glanced at the woman's body and crouched down to check her.
"Pete," White Wolf looked at Harley suspiciously. "Who is this?"
"I don't think your mother likes me all that much," May explained and sighed. "Here, just - let me grab my keys and I can take you back home."
"How -" Cap started when Iron Man stepped forward.
"On my da - ate," Peter blushed a little, stuttering.
Bucky smiled. "Gosh Peter...but what - can you tell me what exactly happened?"
"We're going to leave." the man continued. "We're going to continue on with our day and you will continue on with yours,"
When they reached the top, Tony went straight to the edge and looked down. "It's about twenty feet down." He decided.
"It's fine," Harley waved him off, a little put off that this guy would tell him something like that. "A lot of criminals stop here-"
They were all silent as Tony rubbed and bumped Steve, yowling and yapping at him. "Do you - uh," Steve was looking down as Tony began to weave through his legs. "Do you think he knows...?" Steve trailed off and yelped slightly when Tony scratched his leg letting out another yowl.
His suit lit up - MJ and Peter (and Ned) had managed to install a small communicator where Ned and/or MJ could essentially text him in real time to warn him of things if he didn't have his microphone and headphones connected to his phone.
Peter flushed, feeling a rise of anger. "I was not
"Close your trap before you catch flies," MJ said before Harry could and Harry made a noise of agreement.
"Um, what is -?" the anger had sort of left him but the man didn't let him finish his sentence.
Clint pouted. "But -"
May got him to come downstairs and sit at the couch and watch TV and eat the chocolate cake.
"I mean the road continues up to Upstate New York." Tony explained. And since his mouth didn't know how to shut up, he added, "But we can't do that."
Natasha's lips twitched as she watched the woman on the other side of the two-way glass repeat her story. She tried to put aside her anger and watch how the woman acted to see if she was lying whatsoever.
"Is she - is she -?" Peter croaked.
When Steve came back, Colonel Chester Phillips turned him into a circus monkey-rallying the people of the US to fight for the war. Steve found it fun but Natalia found it humiliating. She went with Steve and never left his side, even when Peggy told her that the war would need someone like her.
"Stark shut up," Natasha told him simply. But it wasn't harsh or angry, it was gentle and firm.
And the more Steve thought about it, the more in love he started to feel. After working with Tony for almost two years and seeing just who he is-there was just this warm feeling.
That's why Steve would
Peter and Harley ran over to Tony and Steve. Peter hugged Tony and didn't let go so Harley walked over to Steve and stayed by him.
"This is just someone I'm meeting," the kid told the girl. "He understand Russian. Also, My name is James Barnes-everyone calls me Bucky though. This is my girlfriend, Natalia Romonova." 'Bucky' leaned in a bit. "Be careful, she's not like other girls and she will kick you butt." Natalia swatted him.
Peter felt better later in the day and started to notice some weird things. Like he could hear the Davinsons fights next door crystal clear. And he had weird sensations flowing through his body whenever he touched something.
Natasha stared at May for a moment before looking over at Steve to see him giving her a disapproving look. "Steve, don't even start."
He was about to leave the elevator when Tony cat stumbled forward.
The mission was over.
Tony nodded. "Once May is gone."
The woman had wings.
"I -" Peter flubbered for a moment. "I - I just - um -"
Tony looked affronted and then started meowing again but slightly quieter.
"Are we eating? I'm hungry," Tony called.
He whooped, the wind flowing through his face and he grinned, closing his eyes and using his spider sense to navigate him around.
dad and
Steve gasped, sucking as much air in as possible. He looked around, holding his chest and kneeling down.
Bucky nodded.
Harley and Peter were starting to cause trouble.
"No it was,"
"It won't be that way forever," Natasha said softly, reaching over to gently squeeze his wrist. Bucky nodded lightly but looked out the window and didn't speak for the rest of the trip.
"Why would-?" Bucky started then rephrased. "How the
Bucky answered back and Tony nodded stiffly before leaving the room.
Harley sighed. "I ran into him a year ago. I thought it would be like normal - you remember how he was. Nice and kind, maybe a little snooty but still friendly. Well, he wasn't that way when I saw him again. He was cold and calculating and even snooty than before. His father - and that boarding school - changed him."
It did help and soon everyone opted into their own routines. At certain points in the day they would head down to the gym and train together.
"Natasha wanted to keep the child," Julian said flatly. "She protected that kid with her life - she protected
Tony rolled his eyes. "Whatever you say babe."
"Oh please Eugene, like you aren't trying to brag that your dick is bigger than it is," she sneered back and pushed Ned and Peter forward towards the doors. "Ignore him."
Tony Stark helped Nick Fury find Captain America and Bucky Barnes in the water. Nick Fury took Cap away and Tony whisked Bucky off to the SHIELD hospital where he patched him up with a new arm.
"The city won't come down without the powerhouse being shut down up there."
The fourth day, Tony banned them from fireworks.
Peter thought about crawling over that way when he heard the loudest shot in his life. Peter flinched harshly and pulled in his knees to his stomach and nearly cried at the intensity of it.
He glanced at his spider bit which was all puffed up and red. Lighting blue veins trailed from it and he sighed. He tried looking up different spider bites but this was clearly something different. He found an email to Mr. Osborn to try and get Harry's phone number.
theory proved?"
"Oh god," Harry frantically began to look around the room. "I - here, here come on," Harry put his arm under Peter's and helped Peter up and out of the room. He placed Peter on a chair and Peter curled into a ball, feeling as though fire was licking at his insides.
"Wh-" Tony blinked.
is still open?"
, I can't get much off it," and he handed it to Steve. Steve stared at him.
Natasha smiled, chuckling a little. "Well English is a very pretty language too, especially when it comes out of your mouth," Natasha leaned over to press a small open-mouthed kiss to Pepper's lips who hummed in response.
"...could be a liability-" Tony was saying but Steve interupted him.
JARVIS unlocked the door.
Peter pressed his forehead to hers. "I missed you too."
"Homely," Natasha smiled.
There was a moment and then Tony spoke up. "Alright, enough touchy feely - let's go get drunk,"
Peter was going to be fine.
Peter blinked for a second and then smiled as well. "Harley?"
Clint Barton missed his shot from jerking his wrist but quickly unloaded another arrow at the soldier in front of him. "What?" Clint demanded, cursing.
"Do you know when he's getting back?" Bucky grunted and stopped, catching his breath.
Bucky and Clint helped her back into the Audi and Natasha sat in the driver's seat and kept a light grip as Jocasta, another one of Tony's AIs, exclusively her AI in her Audi, drove her home.
"Yeah Tones?" Steve looked up at Clint nodding his thanks who tipped his head back in response.
"I was going to say that." Peter mumbled and Clint grinned and winked at him.
"It's a big fucking deal," She said plainly.
Mr. Stark laughed again and even Clint flashed a grin.
"Oh that's not good." He heard Falcon said and Peter flipped away, racing home. He tried to stay in down low areas, heart racing.
After the events of the Battle of New York, Tony had provided them all with spots in the Tower. None of them took it at first but whenever Thor dropped by, he was the first to hang out in the Tower. Then Bruce decided he want to stay and then Steve, after traveling around for a few weeks, relented and took Tony up on his offer too. Natasha and Clint were the last ones to come and stay for good.
The car took off again and Peter felt like he was on the verge of a panic attack. Why had they taken May away?
"Wait..." Peter whispered under his breath, opening his mouth to protest but Natasha wasn't going to have it.
"Peter got an internship offer at MIT about six months ago," May whispered suddenly and Peter choked a little. "I just couldn't afford it."
Pepper smiled. "And look at that, you're finally silent too,"
Bucky was blinking and Natalia had leaned back.
"Luckily, he doesn't have to worry about any meetings or anything," Pepper told Steve. "Just make sure he's fed and he sleeps and he doesn't get himself into too much trouble,"
After the shock wore off and when the Avengers caught their bearings, they asked Spider-Man some questions.
Natalia freed soldiers as Steve ran to find Bucky. He found Bucky in an abandoned room, muttering his Sergeant name and strapped to a testing table. Quickly, Steve got them both out as the camp blew up around them.
Peter was too baffled and confused to do or say anything.
"So excited!" Ned squealed. "I mean, we're getting a
"What!" Peter squawked, flapping his arms and trying to reset his breathing. "Wait, what is that?"
Tony was thirteen and a half when he found a way to hide his wings-making it seem as though he had none.
Tony was starting disappear and he was crying and Steve had to ask him now-
Steve was released and he turned and realized that it was Tony. Steve felt his own wings quivering under the glare of Tony's. Tony looked at Steve's wings and opened his mouth to say something but then closed it.
It's just a fucking street but means so more.
"Distracted?" He purred. Steve jolted.
"Yeah." Steve suddenly felt nervous and he cleared his throat. "In Afghanistan...you said they went black?" Tony nodded. "You burned then. And your wings came out," he gestured. "Like that. You're a phoenix. Stronger and better."
He should be talking to Bucky and worrying about him but instead he was looking at the man who just put his tools away and headed out. He ignored Steve's gaze and stepped out the door before looking back.
"Guah!" Clint grabbed Natasha and dragged her down as a repulsor blast hit right above their heads.
Artie opened and closed his mouth.
"Hey Pete,"
Natasha rolled her eyes as well. They were already in for a long day.
Peter's phone buzzed and he looked down to see that Harley had texted back with a date, a place, and a time. Peter bit his lip and responded back that he would be there and then tried to think of what he would say to his parents.
Obadiah Stane, Tony Stark's other mentor besides Jarvis sent him to Afghanistan to get kidnapped. To get killed.
Peter's wings had been picking up speed since Harley showed up. They were still slow and still stopped but when ehtye were going they went for at least an hour.
Peter made a noise of horror. "How
"I don't think she's lying." she said abruptly.
"I know," Natasha whispered.
Steve jogged down to the lab and knocked on the door. "Tony. We have an emergency-"
Peter laughed.
"I think that's an excellent idea Captain," JARVIS responded.
"Oh shut up,"
"What's oh dear?" Clint yelled.
