Steve held his gaze. "I'm happy." He whispered. "I do what I love. I live where I want, how I want and I have everything I want. I've been living the life I've always wanted. I've made all my dreams come true. And I sleep with the sexiest man alive who fucks me so good I want to cry sometimes. Of course I'm happy. I've never been happier in my entire life, baby." Tony stared at him in bewilderment, something indecipherable pooling in his eyes. Steve leant forward and pulled his face into a filthy, chocolatey kiss. His boyfriend's eyes fluttered shut. He parted his lips in a gasp and let Steve's tongue caressing his own softly, melting into the kiss. When Steve pulled away, there was a thread of saliva joining their lips and he opened his eyes to stare into his hazy gaze. "Are you happy, Tony?" He croaked out, voice raspy with lingering lust.
A good thing his mum was on the night shift tonight. A moment of weakness and the guilt came back. Tony's helpless face floating in his mind. A rush of warmth invaded him.
him. The way an alpha should always care for their omega. And Bucky can't keep his eyes away from them. When it's finally over, Steve properly submits and stares up intensely into the alpha's eyes, still on his knees, hands behind his back. "Yes, Alpha." He croaks out, voice broken after the wrecking of his throat, meaning it with every ounce of him.
After a moment of eerie silence, as they reached a quieter place, Steve accelerated his pace a little and turned on his feet to face his boyfriend. Tony stopped and smiled at him, still holding his hand. Steve stared into the shiny brown of his eyes and smiled.
Probably not, in hindsight. Tony was definitely the rock in their relationship, Steve was ashamed to admit. He was way too insecure about them to invest himself but it was time he brought his first stone to the foundations, or else what about them?
"You should have never let him go..." His boyfriend concluded with a tinge of pain and regrets in his voice.
Steve hesitated. Apart from Sam, Bucky and Clint, no-one knew his secret. "I..." He pinched his lips and wetted them with his tongue. "I haven't presented yet. I'm not allowed to go."
Steve braced himself and focused on Tony's mouth, ready to sort whatever was gonna come out of it into boxes of things that could be possibly real and things that were obvious lies. Steve had no trust in his boyfriend at that moment. He knew Tony wouldn't pass on the opportunity to make the show and embarrass him in front of his friends.
Tony chuckled against the skin of his neck. "I guess I must have heightened senses, especially when you're concerned."
Steve purred and ran another hand into Tony's hair. "You realize we'll never find that place, do you?"
He raised his eyes, heart thumping hard in his chest, throbbing at his temples. He bit his tongue and stared into the alpha's eyes. They were attentive and so gentle and understanding it warmed Steve's entire body again. He felt like crying of relief but repressed it.
He jerks his eyes open. He still can't breath. He is suffocating. He screams and no sound comes out. It's not the hands it's the weight of guilt, strangling him to death. He sucks in a deep and harsh breath. He looks around, at his empty bed. He used to always have the warmth of an omega in it.
Loki startles at first and then he chuckles softly, happy to play the part. "Hi, Tony. Very nice to meet you."
That was the sharp tone of the voice that stirred him out of it and brought him back to reality. For a moment he thought he was dead and felt blessed. For a moment he thought he had always been wrong, that death wasn't just nothingness. He wondered what awful treatment awaited him now, if heaven really existed then, surely, hell would be the place he was going to.
He tried to move at first but every time he attempted to push himself up he was barely able to lift a few inches of himself off the toilet bowl and inexorably fell back on it as if the shackles tied him to the bowl, so he gave up and lay there, agonizing. His stomach roiled and he felt sick. He wanted to cry, so much, maybe he whimpered softly, he wasn't sure. He was still shaking. He didn't want to get up anyway. To do what? He might as well spend the rest of his life there, chained to that bowl, covered in cum and piss and shit and ready to satisfy anyone who wanted. That was all he was good for anyway.
"I want you to hold me into your arms," Steve explained, answering his boyfriend's unsaid question, "grab my ass and take me against that wall until my back hurts. And I want to feel your tongue in my mouth the entire time." Remembering being overpowered by Tony's strength last night had just stirred up his fantasies.
It was a lie. He was, very much indeed, familiar with Baron Zemo's pseudo-theories on Steve's work. The guy was one of his most fervent fans. An out-and-out supporter and critic of
Tony shrugged, seemingly unconcerned. He sounded more interested in gossiping than in whatever was non-happening in Steve's love life.
He vaguely heard Tony's smug voice apologizing. "I'm just here to see my boyfriend. Steve Rogers. He's my boyfriend. I'm Steve's boyfriend." He let escape a chuckle before frowning again and tried to walk away from here before something bad happened. Too late... His eyes met Tony's and for a split second, they locked into each other, drawn to each other like magnets. And Steve's heart skipped and clenched and he might have parted his lips but he would not admit that. He ignored the wave of warmth flushing down his body and pouted.
Thor should know better than just casually touch Tony like that though, because half of the time he speaks to him, Tony's barely listening, what with being obsessed with the broadness of his chest and all. It's hard to stay focused, especially when he's already gulped down his second beer. Sometimes he even goes as far as to picture in his head all those sexual positions he is sure Thor would be capable of doing with Jane, when gifted with such a built. The Kama Sutra can't compete with Tony's wild imagination.
"You shouldn't smoke." Obie said, mildly concerned. "It's bad image for the company. Or if you really have to, then smoke cigars."
"But..." Tony strode to him, still looking befuddled, and Steve naturally let the laptop slide off his lap when Tony knelt down in front of him and rested his forearms on his knees, staring straight into his eyes, expression questioning.
A stilted waiter wearing a black tuxedo walks them to their table—right in front of the live band. They have the best view to enjoy the show but it doesn't matter because Steve is only looking at him, his gaze expectant, and nothing around them matters.
The omega lies down next to him, on his back and Steve feels enough in control to reach a hand and trail his fingers down his chest. He curls them around his waist and strokes down the curve of his ass, then he reaches the inside of his thigh, covered with slick. The sweet fragrance of it, slightly different from his own, tickles his nose in the best way. He spreads the slick all over his hand and grabs the omega's hard dick. Bucky bucks his hips up and meets his movements, humping his hand. It feels amazing in a contented sort of way, having the omega splayed out and losing control for him. Steve slides his thumb along the underside of his cock, pressing on the juncture between the head and the skin, then his hand ventures further down and he rolls his constricted balls between his fingers.
The remark had stung a little though and hurt Steve's man pride. Also it hinted at something he didn't want to acknowledge. He didn't like that. He brought his hand on Tony's wrist and made a disagreeing noise as he shook his head. "You're not touching yourself," he said dominantly, surprising even himself at the tone. "You're gonna come on my cock or not at all."
"Get off your suppressants yourself then, I don't need to get involved." He finally says, sounding a little bitter. Part of him doesn't seem to like this idea either but he doesn't know why...
Tony rushed to answer 'no' with a shake of his head. Steve would only be a nuisance, getting worried and over-protective. It was bad enough that Tony was gonna get checked up, it would only make things worse. His boyfriend looked angry and hurt and Tony's heart clenched when he saw the confusion in his eyes but he would deal with it later. He couldn't have Steve there with him.
"Fuck you, Clint!" Steve spat before kicking the grass and falling desperately on his butt. He dropped his head in his hands in a mock sobbing and sighed again.
It wasn't the first time Tony got things thrown at him. His father had always had this nasty habit, except his didn't miss his shots. Tony had a little scar right underneath his left eye, inconspicuous if you didn't know about it, remainder of a pair of scissors that almost blinded him once. His mind started drifting away and float out of his own body, escaping. He could see Steve spewing at him but couldn't hear the words. He could only see his boyfriend's mouth moving uglily on his distorted features and his own pitiful form, huddled on itself, cowardly.
He grabbed the shaft and squeezed, drawing a gasp out of Tony who closed his eyes and hummed approvingly. He thrust his hips up to meet Steve's movements. Steve salivated at the view, relishing in the burning heat in his hand. He didn't wait too long before giving the head a tentative lick and started lapping up and down, breathing heavily on the cock. Tony started panting quietly, always repressing his reactions. His body tensed and spasmed occasionally as pleasure built inside him slowly.
it as if it was his own desire pooling in his guts. It's not as urgent and visceral as the way James wants it but it's there, somewhere in the back of his head and it's growing and incessant and overwhelming. He also knows that Steve is scared, terrified at the idea of it. And he knows why.
He looked at Steve's bed with his yogurt in hand. He used to love that bed so much. That bed was his sanctuary, the only place on earth where he felt safe, where he felt good about himself.
Tony squeezed his hand and snorted, looking down in embarrassment and as they kept walking, he tugged on Steve's arm abruptly to make him lose balance and fall into his embrace. He grabbed his neck and curled his hand around it, cupping his jaw and tugging his chin upward to give him the most loving and languorous kiss ever, blowing warm minty breath over his cold nose. "I love you," he whispered, looking down into his eyes with a proud grin. His hold was strong and possessive.
Steve sighed as if he’d heard that line before. “Not really, I’ve been here for a couple of months actually.”
Natasha laughed. “Nope.” She said, popping the ‘p’ obnoxiously. “I think you can protect your own virtue.” She laughed at his expression. “Or not protect it. You wouldn’t be the first of our waitstaff to accompany Tony Stark home.”
“One of my roommates is majoring in tech, he’s aiming to apply to Stark Industries when we graduate and wouldn’t shut up about it. He’s thrilled with all the new energy designs you guys have been putting out. Compares you to that Musk guy.”
Tony blinked, then looked around the nearly empty building. Huh. When had that happened? Around them servers had changed out their high heels for practical flats, and were each clearing their areas efficiently, laughing amongst themselves and comparing tips.
His job was two fold. Serve drinks, and protect other servers. It was why his check tended to be well padded.
Tony looked startled, and for a moment Steve thought he had messed up, but then a pleased expression took over the other man’s face. “Yep! You keep up with the news, huh? Not just a pretty face.” He winked outrageously, and Steve found himself laughing.
Bucky turns back and looks at him from the corner of his eyes. "Yeah, Alpha. If you want us, then bond us." Steve is so grateful for the other omega's natural seductiveness. He's getting his way with Tony—and with
Tony was leaning on the doorframe, looking at him proudly, his arms crossed on his chest confidently. "You like?" He said with a smile.
Had Tony ever mentioned how he never truly believed he had heart or a soul? Well, he still was quite skeptical about the soul but he had a heart, alright. He used to have one, at least, because right now he could stare at it, shattered all over Steve's bathroom's floor into thousand pieces. Tony wouldn't pick them up, he just left the task to Steve. Steve could do whatever he wanted with it. They belonged to him now, had always. Hopefully Steve was strong and sane enough to throw them away with the trash.
They did a quick and desperate job at tearing each other's clothes off. Steve pushed Bucky down on his bed and climbed him. He had the sweet smell of a fertile Omega. Steve was so hard it hurt. He grabbed his ass and lay on top of him. Surreptitiously and surprisingly naturally, he slipped his cock inside the moist warmth of his body. Bucky whimpered and bit his neck. Steve pounded into him, feeling his own slick dripping down his thighs.
Steve averted his eyes and pretended to look at the screen. "It was the portrait of an angel." Steve choked out. He felt Tony's gaze scorch his skin.
Tony pouted and remembered it wasn't gonna work on her since he was on the phone. "That was uncalled for."
The alpha jerks his head up and brings a finger to his mouth, interrupting his request. "I know what you're gonna ask me and the answer is still no."
It took them about three months to get back to their former intimacy—Bucky and him. It was shy at first. Timid attempts and tentative touches. Mostly cuddling. Steve initiated it most go the time. A small caress on his knee or an innocent hand sliding across his lower back. Fingers brushing each other's hair. Noses nuzzling into each other's neck, trying to immerse themselves in each others' scents. Warm and soothing tongues licking each others' bonding glands. Bucky's pulsated too, not like Steve's. It wasn't burning , it wasn't desperately aching with need. But it was enough for him to get riled up every time Tony's scent lingered for too long. They were both seeking comfort, needing the touch, needing the warmth. They were just doing what all omegas do. In the quietness and privacy of their nest.
Something dark and lewd flickered in his boyfriend's eyes and he bit his lips sensually, gasping softly when Steve tugged on his hair. His entire body was vibrating under Steve's weight and his bold hands grabbed Steve's slender waist and ran up his sides, trying to sneak underneath.
Tony's face tensed into a funny grimace and he stared at him for a moment, baffled and speechless. "Well, that's nice to know." He said in a slightly bitter and reproachful sigh.
He heard the sound first and then he felt the blow, and the pain in his back as it hit the hinges of his locker. He prepared for the second blow and closed his eyes in expectation. He could already hear them snigger on his face, looking down on him.
Steve felt a lump growing in his throat that he tried to swallow with difficulty and breathed out a shuddering sigh. He was standing still, unable to move, and stared at his boyfriend helplessly. Tony poured himself another drink, despite Steve's concerned remark.
Steve should already be on his knees right now because the alpha's stance is commanding. His scent is strong and his eyes are feral. His entire demeanor demands Steve's submission. Bucky never understood how Steve could ever resist that but Steve's reluctance to submit has always been ingrained in his entire being, regardless of his true desires. Luckily Tony knows how to handle his omega.
Bucky hums or whines, Steve is not sure, his heart is beating too fast and the shock didn't cure his boner. "Come on..." the omega pleads, "I want to see your belly grow." He adds while fondling his belly again, this time none of it is sexual.
Steve's lighter tone unclenched something in him and the joke was just plenty silly but it suited Steve so well. Tony felt a sudden surge of love and admiration for his boyfriend. Captain America, what a stupid nickname... Had he come up with that himself? When did that happen? He didn't even remember. He barely remembered anything from the past six hours or so. He just laughed because he could picture Steve, in all his glorious heroism, wrapped up in the American flag, saving he day. His heart tingled with childish worship. "Can you blame me?" He said in a light chuckle.
Steve dropped his bag loudly on the floor, took the seat that had been noticeably prepared for him and sighed, head between his hands, at the prospect of spending another excruciatingly frustrating three-hour revising session with Tony Stark. Alone. In his house. With that view, on their garden.
Bucky erected a protective finger between them and shushed him, placing it right on Steve's wanting lips. Steve shivered at the touch. Why had he waited that long for this?
The blow was hard and Steve's breathing was cut short. He let his mouth hang open and felt his cheeks flush again. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"I really wanna touch you." Steve admitted. "And I wanna kiss you all over and... And I wanna you to touch me too. And—"
"Nothing," He answered quietly. "Just some stupid videos on youtube." Steve's face was indecipherable and Tony watched him silently turn his back to him and fetch a beer in his fridge. He felt a pang in his chest. He wanted to cry.
"Why are you thanking me?" Steve snapped and then squashed every attempt Tony made to reach out to him. Tony could take care of himself, alright. He just really really liked when Steve did it but not even a little self-deprecating joke could ease the tension this time.
Steve startled and unconsciously motioned his hand to the lump on his head, remembering not to touch it. He breathed in slowly, carefully avoiding hurting his lungs while doing so, and looked up at Sam.
"I guess that's when I started to see under the surface and got a glimpse of who you really were." Bucky explained in a rasp voice. "You have been so kind, and patient, and supportive. And you never let me down. I never expected this, from anyone, and least of all from a guy who wasn't even my boyfriend then."
He laughed instead. He wasn't gonna crack, not in front of alpha Tony fucking Stark. The laugh sounded a bit too bitter though and Steve let his arms fall on his sides. "Oh god, being omega sucks so fucking much. I hate my life."
"That's alright." Tony said from behind. "Maria just gave me one. She's pretty nice. I can feel a connection already. I'm sure we'll be best friends by the time I come here again."  Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head, even without watching him he could tell Tony was purposely riling him up. "I haven't seen your office though..." He added sensually, voice a little less confident, a little more manipulative.
"I'm just meeting friends." Tony choked out, as if the invisible shackle on his neck was effectively strangling him. Why did he feel compelled to justify himself  to Obie?
And that would be the second reason he can't ever leave this place. Beyond the practical feasibility of it, this is not something he could ever do to the alpha. Felicia is his pup and he can never take that away from him. More than a legal prison, the tower is a biological and genetic prison as well. He's condemned to stay here, no matter how agonizing the pain he feels inside is.
It took him a moment to realize what and who Steve was talking about. He had a very vague, blurred and distorted idea of what Steve was referring to and the question was very specific. Tony felt a shiver down his spine. Why had he let them treat him like this? He had absolutely no answer to that question. Wasn't he supposed to? Was he supposed to fight them back? What for? Who were
He was used to hearing people insult him as he walked through the school's corridors. He was used to being pushed around. Now they were just louder and more crude, that was all. Nothing affected him anymore.
He dropped his head on his chest and snuggled against him. "I'm sorry..." He whispered, hidden in the fabric of his boyfriend's coat. "You're right, I'm so fucking blind when it comes to you but I wish you'd tell me that kind of things in private, instead of calling everyone as a witness."
Tony's eyes flare open and his lips part as well. A whole range of emotion shows on his face but Bucky is much too out of himself to even try to decipher them. The alpha stares at him silently, confusion growing in his eyes. He feels a tremor in his gentle hand, the one that still brushes his neck and the hover over his bonding gland.
"We could see each other more, you know, if we lived together..." Tony stated matter-of-factly. They could. They should, probably. Tony had wanted them to, for a while now, and had made his intentions clear. Steve had been more reluctant, although he couldn't say exactly why. They were still trying to find the perfect place, still, maybe that was why.
Something highly emotional flashed in Tony's eyes again before he looked away embarrassedly. "I guess..."
Things don't go as easy as he has planned however and Steve follows him outside. And he grabs his arm. And Tony gasps and freezes, internally freaking out.
Steve lets go of Bucky's shaft to focus on his ass and slips his thumb inside. He pushes deeper until his whole hand is sucked in and buried inside the omega. Bucky grinds on his fist and completely forgets about his neglected cock, he's completely gone and the sight of it is intensely maddening. Steve's mind goes blank. Bucky moans and seeks pleasure on Steve's hand. The alpha behind them grows feral and his scent spikes wildly, with it a surge of pheromones that fill the nest with alpha claims. He growls, the sound resonating deep inside the two omegas, and slicks flows out of them both like a flood.
He fondled the idea of showing her his bleeding anus for a short while. A few seconds only, it wasn't the first time Obie, or his friends, were rough with him. He had bled before and he knew how to care for a bleeding asshole. He shook his head into a no. He didn't even know if Obie had been the only one tonight. He probably was, but that wouldn't be the first time something like this happened to him if Obie wasn't.
"What's the point then?" Steve continues, voice slightly hoarse, sounding amused but with a twinge of hurt underneath. "Not enough alpha-like for you?"
A bitter chuckle escaped Tony's lips but he didn't say anything. His eyes were shining bright, deeply focused on Steve. "Whatever..." He finally said and then turned to Betty. "We met again in club." He said nonchalantly. "I kinda pushed my way into Steve's apartment. And when I saw the place—when I saw who Steve was, I knew I would come again. And I did."
This is fucked up. Everything is fucked up but he can't let him go like this. James is his omega and the father of his daughter and James was there for him all those months. He picked up the pieces of Tony's heart one by one and tried to glue them together. He was there to make sure Tony survived Steve's absence. He deserves better than a three minutes fuck and being knotted on bare knees on the hard entrance floor of the penthouse.
Just when he was about to straighten the cushions on the couch he heard a pair of feet shuffling towards the kitchen, and shortly after the coffeemaker started. He heard plates and some packages being moved around and then someone sitting down.
Tony waved a hand, “Please, call me Tony. So you’ve worked here for a few months? How do you like it so far?”
A look of frustration flashed over the guy’s face before it was smoothed into a harmless looking customer service smile. But Tony wasn’t fooled, he’d seen the bruise on Stalt’s wrist as Tony had him escorted out after what happened with the waitress.
Tonight’s crowd was wild, but generous. And largely made of women, some of whom weren’t wearing much more than Steve or his coworkers. The heavy smell of perfume mixed with the scent of alcohol, strong enough that he was starting to get a headache.
Steve grabbed the man’s wrist in a steel grip, smiling as he pressed a random drink into the grabbing hand and smiled into the guy’s face.
Steve fell into a pattern he had gotten used to in the two months since he started working at the Shield. He moved around the room, deftly dodging grabbing hands and holding his tray steady when someone grabbed a drink from it. People of all genders were waving money at him, attempting to shove it in various parts of the ridiculous ‘Playboy-esque’ uniform he was wearing, but somehow it always ended up just landing in his hand instead.
Tony looked delighted. “As much of and more!” He confirmed. “He tried to get me to do a threesome with him and that… Grimes woman.” He said conspiratorially.
“Happy, get me a check!” He ordered, and the other man pulled out the small book and a pen. Tony filled it out quickly, and looked up just in time to see Steve approaching looking bashful and empty handed.
The red haired woman eyed him with a nearly salacious grin as if she could hear his thoughts. He fought the urge to cover his chest with his arms. Instead of commenting on the outfit of the night, though, the woman turned and waved her arm over her shoulder. “If you’re ready, come on. Your shift starts in like two minutes, and you don’t want to be late, do you? It’s a big night for us!”
“Still in here, Stevie?” A voice called from the doorway, and he spun to focus on the woman standing there.
He took a moment to make sure she was okay before both of them went back to the floor and their jobs.
“Steve! You brought my drink, you’re my hero!” He shouted over the music. He exchanged the glass for a single bill, and Steve tucked the hundred away in the hidden pocket of his uniform.
The man in question had been here a few times, and every time Steve had dealt with him within the rules of Shield. Divert, protect, and if that didn’t work, kick out.
The other man looked relieved to be away from him, even for a moment, and took the chance to escape, his face almost as red as a tomato now.
Steve nodded, turning to walk away, but the man danced into his line of sight with a manic grin on his face. Steve had to bite back a sigh. One of those then.
Apparently he held on a bit too long, because Steve pulled his hand back suddenly, clearing his throat.There was a beautiful pink color dusted across his cheeks, which set off his blue eyes nicely.
He didn’t miss the slight disappointment that flashed across Steve’s face, or the confusion when he pressed the check into the other man’s hand with a wink.
“A job’s a job. A job’s a job. A job’s a job.” Steve whispers fiercely to himself as he puts on the last piece of his ‘uniform’. Bunny ears. He puts the damn bunny ears on his head and tries to focus on the number that was on his last check, and on the tip he had received the night before from a drunk business man and his wife.
The rest of the party passed like that, Tony ignoring everyone else in favor of making Steve laugh at the more ridiculous stories from his life. Every time his bourbon glass ran dry, Steve went to go get a refill, ignoring the knowing looks Natasha was sending him.
Steve was looking off to the side, obviously waiting for the end of the conversation. That just wouldn’t do. Tony slammed back the rest of the bourbon, placing the empty glass on the tray that Steve was balancing expertly. “Could you grab me another bourbon, gorgeous? Bulleit, rye, two fingers on the rocks.”
Steve made his way to the other server, a girl named Helen, with single minded determination. There was still a hand on the bare skin of her ass, just under where the black fabric of her bunny costume ended.
His driver looked particularly put out. “Well, the party ended about an hour ago, sir. So I thought you would like a ride home.”
Steve felt himself relaxing slightly. The other man hadn’t tried anything. Maybe he was just hoping for someone sober to chat to. “Well, that’s what you get for shutting down all of your weapons factories at once.”
Conversation. Steve could do conversation. He wasn’t sure if he would be smart enough to hold a genius’s attention, though. But then the other man would become someone else’s problem, so that was okay. “It’s alright. Much better than my last job.”
Maybe because he's so tall...  Not that Tony has ever felt threatened by taller guys, on the contrary, Thor is just as tall and every time Tony sees him he wants to climb him like a tree. And sometimes, in his deepest and darkest thoughts, he fantasizes about his big hands holding his waist and pressing hard into his hipbones, pinning him against the nearest table. But that is another issue... He pushes the thought away, because one, Thor is actually
Clint shrugs and mumbles, pretending to be upset, and failing, what with the huge grin on his face. "I would have disinfected them..."
Steve's smile falters and something dark and forlorn tenses his soft features. He looks down. Just like he should never. Tony hates himself.
Now her home has become unbearable and living here is just intolerable. It's driving her nuts. The omegas belong to the pack alpha and as a lower-ranked alpha, she was fine. She wasn't supposed to take care of them. She would only take what Tony agreed to grant her and that was fine with her. Perfect even. That's all she wanted. Her peace and quiet, and most of all, someone who would keep the omegas away from her.
Tony straightened up and looked up at him, eyes intent. His smile was mischievous. "And I fully intend to get out of here looking like this and I do hope people will know exactly what we've done. And I wished you'd come onto my face and into my hair, so everyone would know how much of a slut I am. And they'll know that I belong to you, and that I'm your bitch. I want you to mark me and tattoo "property of Steve Rogers" on my face..."
"We're gonna hang around at Sam's later." Bucky said with a dubious expression on his face. "Wanna come with us?"
Although he can't really regret it right now, it was a very stupid idea because, now, both of them are stuck on the floor in this very uncomfortable position, knees hurting and his knot doesn't seem to want to deflate now.
"No." Steve blurted and Tony let it go at once. "I wanna come on your cock." Tony inched back and stared at him in a mix of confusion, concern and desire. Steve curled his arms around him and pressed himself into his embrace. "I want you to bang me hard and fuck the cum outta me. I wanna come untouched, just with your cock inside of me."
"Look at your hand." He says while giving a nod in the direction of Tony's right hand. Then he rolls his eyes affectionately and goes back to his breakfast with  a soft, happy smile on his lips.
He stared into her eyes, resolutely. "I will." He exclaimed, hoping so deep in his heart that Tony wouldn't be disappointed.
"No." Steve denied slightly too loudly to be completely honest "I don't look at my friends that way."
Tony doesn't need any words from Steve to understand what the omega truly desires. Neither does Bucky. Although, he hasn't thought of the consequences of this. the alpha is so overwhelmed by the omega's reaction that he comes instantly in his mouth and is much too stunned with happiness to get out on time. He knots the omega's throat.
"I thought we agreed." Steve tried, voice faltering and heart pounding in his chest. "That we were gonna buy something together."
Bucky's sprawled over his back and Steve grinds back, fucking himself on his softening cock, needing more. The alpha in his mouth thrusts hard and stays there, deep inside him, blocking his airways. Steve can't breathe anymore. His head starts spinning. He's about to pass out, he
If you really intend to do this, you might probably want to skim through chapter 22 again beforehand....
When he wakes up, slowly, tenderly. He feels in bliss. He feels a sense of fulfillment and achievement like he's never felt in his entire life before. It's mind-blowing. It's unusual but not disconcerting at all. His body is sore, somehow, but his mind is at peace and his heart is fulfilled and he feels satiated, for the first time, as if his entire life had been a long and painful starvation and he was finally able to eat to his heart content. What a strange feeling is this? Tony had never known until now how long he had yearned for this, how much he had craved for it, for
Steve stared confusedly at his friends. "What are you guys talking about? Loki has never been serious about anything, least of all me."
Steve almost choked on his spit and dropped the pen he was nibbling at. He raised his eyes to him, mouth hanging open, and stared questioningly into his eyes.
Steve knew very well who that smell belonged to, anyway. Just as he knew so very well whose fingers it was that brushed his hand surreptitiously. The touch electrifying. Stark was long gone but Steve still felt the tip of his fingers tracing the lines between his knuckles. The touch lingering on his skin, dizzying, spreading warmth throughout his entire body. He could still feel his heat and he could still smell him.
This time it was Steve. He was back from a three days mission, giddy with the adrenaline. The separation from Tony unbearable again. When he sneaked back into the Tower in the middle of the night, the alpha scent was overwhelming. Steve felt dizzy, the smell so strong and heady. He staggered to his floor, seeking refuge in the safety of his nest. Bucky was there, standing at the sink, washing his hands.
It is glorious, this moment. They're one, heart beating in unison, scents mingling to form an indestructible wall around them. Steve's bonding gland is aching and Tony can feel it, as distinctly as one of his limbs, and he knows. He
He stared at his two friends. Both tall and buff. Both alphas. Both in the football team. Their strong grip on each of his shoulders. He wasn't at his advantage hanging out with them. He freed himself from their grasps and walked a little faster, sulking.
"We should get to my room." Steve said after enjoying a long moment in Tony's arms. Maybe his last one. "Don't wanna my mum to embarrassingly walk out on us."
It is relatively peaceful during the rest of the morning. Tony looks after Felicia. She is amazing. She learns things so quickly. Tony is almost sure she said "Papà."
He had nothing to say for himself, except that today had been a fucking rollercoaster of emotions and he couldn't even describe how he felt about the whole thing. He just... He hadn't wanted to acknowledge them. Everything had been going fine, the whole evening had been perfect. They had been happy, even if in the back of his head he knew that something had been off all along. But now everything was coming back to him like a fucking boomerang, and the question could have been innocent, for anyone else, but the tone... The tone was biting, just like Tony could, sometimes, hurt you in the deepest part of your soul with simple words thrown unexpectedly at your face, as hard and cold as frozen stones.
Steve may look confident but he isn't. He's terrified, laying bare in front of him, attempting everything. Tony can feel everything. And he could lie to himself and pretend but there's never been so much honesty and so much vulnerability in Steve's eyes before.
The kiss was shy at first, hesitating, asking for permission. Steve wished he could have given it but he was too lost in bliss, trying to get back into his own body, for that. Tony felt so amazingly good it was dizzying. He smelled delicious, he tasted so fucking marvelous and the touch of his fingers, gentle and delicate on the skin of his jaw was intoxicating and electrifying.
"I see... Is that something that you do? I heard you're not the type to settle down." His words are purposely hoarse and husky. He lowers his voice and gives Loki his most innocent gaze, never letting go of his eyes. "I like that." He adds, scooting closer and grabbing his shirt possessively. He is sliding his fingers down along the lapel, brushing the man's slender torso in the process. Loki's smile is fond, a glimpse of something sorrowful runs across his eyes however, but Tony is much too drunk to pay attention. And maybe he doesn't care one bit.
They still want him somehow. He doesn't know how or why or what but he can smell it in their scents, he can see it in their eyes, he can
Tony didn't say anything. He wasn't smiling, he just listened carefully and stared into Steve's eyes. Steve had the beginning of a grin spreading on his face. He grabbed the lapels of his boyfriend's coat and looked at his chest, avoiding the intensity of his stare. "Does it bother you?" He asked in a soft voice. "What happened between us?"
"In what universe did you just get lost?" He exclaimed, slightly angrily. Steve blushed. He had never dealt well with being exposed like this and really felt like it wasn't a good time to get Fury pissed with him. He mumbled an apology. "Just answer the question, will you?"
She did and she smiled when she saw him at the table. He walked to him, skirting around the table, and ruffled his hair softly. Steve curled his arms around her waist and sighed.
Tony smiles at him and looks at the small creases at the corners of his eyes. Steve has aged, he realizes, and he is now in his thirties, an accomplished man who knows what he wants and takes it.
He was lost in his thoughts when Steve argued with the nurse. He heard the words "strictly confidential" and "need my support" and then she addressed him directly. "Do you want your friend to be here while we examine you?" She asked very nicely.
With a shaky hand, he finally pushes the knob down. He purposely didn't announce himself, not wanting to be overwhelmed by his family waiting excitedly for him behind the door.
Steve was walking too far away from him. Tony started to feel anxious and panicky, like he would never be able to catch up to him. He accelerated and wrapped his arms around him, to never let him go. He buried his head in the crook of his neck and relaxed at the contact.
Tony unconsciously raises his eyes and meets the impish sparkles in his grayish blues, scintillating through his brown that falls over-sensually onto his forehead. James's smile is playful and his mouth in curled up higher on one side, forming a cute dimple on his cheek. He is walking straight over to him and for a split second, Tony feels like a wolf is about to jump on him and bite his neck. The two omega scents mingle into something aggressive and enrapturing. Both scary and dizzying at the same time. James rushes to him and brush his shoulders against Tony's, marking him with his own scent. Then, he nuzzles into his neck, softly, affectionately, and kisses his daughter's forehead. Tony wants to curl his arm around his waist and hold him tight against him but he refrains because Steve is staring at them, a fond smile on his lips and tenderness in his burning eyes. Something clenches in Tony's chest.
Tony looked away, like a shamefaced child. He felt uneasy in Obie's presence. He felt small and helpless.
Never mind his perfect-student image, he felt suddenly tired and depressed and dropped his head on his forearms, sprawling on his table for a few moments. He closed his eyes, thinking about all his efforts, all his hard work, all the pain he had to endure on a daily basis and wondered why he persisted with this nonsense. He wasn't even sure he would be able to afford college anyway. The more he looked at the facts, the more he saw how pointless and ridiculous his dedication was. No matter how he would present, he couldn't see any satisfactory outcome in the end, no matter what.
Tony's eyes opened wide and a let escape a laugh of relieve, smiling spreading wide on his face. His dark eyes shining like stars in the darkening room. The alpha was so mysteriously handsome.
"Alright alright. Don't freak out." Bucky exclaimed, palms up in the air in an attempt to simmer his hysterical bouts down with his condescending alpha air. It just enraged him. "Let's not get over our heads. You don't fucking know yet. Why don't you try figuring out what kind of person you like first?"
"Take your fucking time to answer," Steve spat again, sounding cold and bitter. " 'cause I really have the whole fucking night."
It doesn't even sound right. It's ugly and bitter and he's still hard anyway. Why do they keep tormenting him?
Steve startled, wondering for a short moment what his boyfriend was talking about, before he saw the light. "You still going on about that?" He asked while raising an uninterested eyebrow and finished his glass too, because he needed the courage.
Date night happens in a classy jazz bar. A muffled 1950s atmosphere with red carpets, leather seats and subdued lights. The decoration is swanky and elegant, understated but sophisticated. Tony is definitely underdressed for the venue but somehow he doesn't care much. He's just a little surprised at the choice.
Tony dropped his hand on the table and raised his head. "Well, I guess I'm into alphas too, obviously." Steve didn't have the time to recover from the shock that Tony was speaking again. "But I'm really not fixated on a particular gender. I've been with all kinds of people before. I guess it's more about the person than what they are."
Clint finally comes back with a round of homemade cocktails of his own. Good, because Tony needs the alcohol right now. Beer is too light. Clint's arrival means the party's finally getting started but everything revolves around Loki, because he kind of was the reason behind this friendly get-together, Tony learns. Maybe that explains why Steve didn't insist when Tony said he couldn't come...
Tony gave him a proud smile and took his hand. They both entered the kitchen and the dining area. It was much more practical and much less opulent, although very spacious, than the kitchen area in both the Malibu mansion and the house in 5th Avenue. Steve noticed the table was set and dinner was ready, just needed to be heated. It smelt delicious even if Steve knew Tony probably hadn't touched anything from that kitchen to make dinner. He had people for that, he suspected. Not that Steve regretted Tony's cooking that much. He unfortunately had the opportunity to taste it once or twice and that hadn't always been a happy discovery. Not that Steve was much better though. He squeezed his boyfriend's hand in appreciation while Tony babbled about tonight's menu.  He hadn't stopped talking since they had come in. He was nervous. Steve was barely listening. He had become good at pretending he was over the years. He had acquired a sharp selective ear.
Tony feels the disappointment hitting hard. "Why not?" His voice sounds almost hurt, for some reasons.
"Tony..." He whispered and it turned out a little croaky. A split second later Tony's lips were back on him.
The only thing the alpha does while Bucky has his cock in his mouth and nurses it softly is tracing his finger around his bonding gland, making him shiver every time. It is slow and affectionate and Bucky relishes in his submission and makes it last. The alpha is too tired to deny him that and indulges him. Bucky brings him on the edge several times but stops in time and slows down. It has been a good twenty minutes he's been at it and that he's been soaking the floor with his slick when they hear a rattling noise at the door.
Steve took his smallest butt plug from the box discarded at the corner of the bed and shoved it in without warning, making it plop inside his ass. Tony hissed and gasped and tensed. Steve played with him a little, pushing his own cum inside him and relishing in the spasmodic reactions of his body. Tony propped himself up on his elbows in a attempt to protest but kept his mouth shut and collapsed on the bed in the end, when Steve shoved the plug deeper inside.
Tony swallows and ignores the heat he feels spreading on his cheeks. He jerks his head up and stares right into Clint's eyes. "So what are your projects about?" He still doesn't know what to do with his hands.
to share my heats with Alpha. It's the most beautiful part of being what we are! Why would you want to deprive us from that?"
him. Barely two months had passed since his first day here and he was already one of the most popular at school and he wasn't even in the football team. He wasn't even a nice guy, nor was he particularly social. He was sharp, acerbic and aloof. Witty and fun when he needed to but distant the rest of the time. No-one seemed to be good enough for him. Still, he garnered all the attention and was always surrounded with a crowd of admirers. It was quite paradoxal when in fact he seemed to be quite a loner and the studying type, rather than the partying type. Unexpectedly, the two people he often hung around with were the diligent, school-focused bookworm Pepper—which he might have been dating, or not—and a timid science kid named Bruce he had met in his lab class, apparently. Not that Steve actually cared. Not that they actually
Steve's heart clenched with worry. He looked at his boyfriend anxiously, his reaction had been so sudden and so unlikely. He tried to swallow, difficultly, but didn't say a thing. Tony didn't either and the silence lingered between them, heavy and full of unsaid things.
Natasha smiled and stared at her belly, fondling it. "I guess..." She said. "I hope so. I'm a bit worried about our age difference but I'm glad no-one said anything about it yet..."
He felt a sob shaking his chest and clenched his fists, trying to will it back deep inside. He let out a shivering sigh of desperation instead, before crouching down to pick up what was left of his sketches.
The question was innocent but felt like a dagger. Tony was suddenly thrown back into a world he thought he had been able to escape. He didn't think such a simple question could affect him like that. Not after all these years. He didn't think he would ever feel bad about it either. It must be the weed, and the alcohol, it makes him hypersensitive, all his senses are enhanced. It must be that, because his heart is suddenly racing in his chest and he feels a cold drop of sweat trickling down his spine. He shivers all over, although it's imperceptible. Too many things he wishes he could forget come back in flashes. He sits back in a jerk, trying to catch his breath. His head is spinning. He didn't want to remember...
Even Coulson was there, although he had other responsibilities now than just motherhenning Steve, and Maria Hill, who seemed to be in an animated discussion with—Steve walked closer to get a better look—a certain...
"I'm so sorry, Steve." Tony mumbled embarrassingly, avoiding Steve's stare. "I don't know what took over me, I'm really sorry."
Steve stopped what he was doing and turned around to look at his boyfriend playing with his stack of sex toys. "Don't tell me you never stimulate your prostate while jerking off, I mean... not even with your fingers?"
Later that night, when Steve and Tony left Nat's apartment, the atmosphere was peaceful between them. They were holding hands and decided to go for a walk in the streets of Manhattan before going back home.
Although...although, with each day passing by, he felt more and more confused. The deadline was approaching and the outlines of his life as an omega seemed to get more and more precise. He needed to accept the truth, maybe the truth wasn't so bad after all.
The gesture between them is very intimate and Clint's hand lingers on his hip and maybe Tony leans into him a little. Tony is always surprised at first but melts into it in the end because it's Clint and it's affectionate and it doesn't mean what people might think it means. And it might have started this way because Clint is promiscuous and very tactile and Tony tends to let other men—
"That's what you said, right?" Steve kept on, sounding as biting and bitter as before but with a tinge of humor. "Captain America saved the day again..."
Steve cupped his jaw and brush his thumb on his cheek. "Let me catch my breath, baby," he rasped, "and then I'll return the favor."
that Tony and Steve would build a life together. Tony isn't even sure Steve will still be with him next month. He chuckles. "I don't want kids either. What would I do with a kid?" He stares down at his empty hands. His right hand is trembling again.
Yeah, sure. It's not like Tony didn't know about that. He was just thinking that... they had options. He looks at Clint silently, maybe a little questioningly.
Touching each other like this feels so good and soon Tony grows hard again as he can smell the tinge of arousal spiking in the omega's scent. He wants to cherish him, his body and soul, and starts kissing him on his shoulders. He licks the gland and earns a gasp and a keening whimper. James's hands, even the metal one, tremble. His knees falter and he leans against the tiled wall when Tony starts kissing him down his chest and kneels down in front of him.
He stares at the unbitten pulsating bonding gland of the omega, red with want and demanding. He stares at the way the alpha responds to it—nose flaring, baring his teeth, eyes hazy and unfocused—but never actually dares go for it. Steve wants to bite him himself, he feels the need to do it, an urgent, poignant need that comes from nowhere. Or maybe from the alpha.
The first time Steve's scent bothered her was when he met Stark for the first time. His scent suddenly became intensely penetrating and she felt like murdering him.
"Wrong choice of words, doll." Steve slurred. He pulled out the plug and went for a bigger toy. Tony gasped and grunted. At the cringing look on his face, Steve pulled out and spurted lube all over his hole and on the toy before shoving it in again, deep inside his boyfriend's ass, giving it little thrusts.
"Wow! This one's way bigger than me, I'm kind of offended right now, Rogers." Steve let out another surprised laugh and sighed desperately. He was never gonna be able to finish this room if Tony kept on like this. He slouched and grabbed the shelf for support, half-laughing, half-sighing in despair. "Like it barely even fits in my mouth, " Tony continued. Another kinky visual flashed through Steve's mind and he turned around to see it for real. His cock hardened. This was gonna be a long
Tony slides his hand up Steve's hip and wanders up his chest. He unbuttons the top of his shirt and slips his hand underneath, brushing his fingers on Steve's gland. He gasps and shivers in his arms, giving himself to Tony entirely. He doesn't submit like omegas do but Tony knows he submitting right now, in the most beautiful way possible. Tony shall be no alpha if he didn't accept it and so he does and he presses his hand, hot and shivering, on Steve's bonding gland. Steve hisses a silent cry of pain and drops his head on Tony's shoulder, breathing hard against his neck. He raises his head again and rubs his face softly against Tony's temple, taking the lead in the dance. Tony buries himself in the crook of neck and inhale his scent again. So purely and gorgeously submitting. He licks the gland and nibbles at it slowly and he knows at that moment that Steve's wet for him. He can feel it and he can smell it and it's so fucking
Steve could finally breathe again and felt suddenly sweaty as the rush of adrenaline came down. All eyes turned to Fury and left him alone in his emotional nakedness. Steve glanced at Tony one last time. His dark eyes still raking him from head to toe, still burning. His smile turned from encouraging to sympathetic and fainted softly. He pinched his lips and turned away from Steve, looking back at the whiteboard.
The moment felt awkward but not long enough to be embarrassing. Steve turned around and stared at the other alpha who was still gaping at them. "Sam?Wanna kiss me, too? I think I need more samples to get a good idea."
Tony made a weird grimace. "Yeah." He said. "Like me. Or like... Pepper. I'm sorry Steve... I'm trying to understand the logic behind your train of thought but I really don't follow. Is it that important to you? I mean I really don't care what I am or what you are."
He was surprised at how easy it had been. Moving in together, they should have done that two years ago. All that time, stupidly wasted. Steve wasn't about to start regretting things, however. Time to move forward.
girlfriend. And Steve was... Steve was... still undetermined. And small, and sickly, and... and boring. And insecure...
Steve flicked his eyes to him and frowned. "In bed maybe..." He blurted resignedly, barely able to hide his exasperation. Tony's eyes flared with mischievous lust and he smirked as a response but didn't say a word.
That explained why he still felt it burn like someone had kept punching him in his lower back and broken his tail and hip bones.
As he walked closer to his locker, he realized that new guy was standing fairly close to his locker. Which meant he was going to have to get close—and maybe get the opportunity to scent him?
Steve was still leaning against the shelves, out of breath, lungs hurting, back hurting. He was desperately trying to steady his breathing. Tony was out of breath too and horny and he kept nuzzling against, showing no intention to move from his kneeling position.
Steve felt his cheeks blush despite himself. He didn't know what to say but he needed the contact because suddenly, the few inches that separated their hips was too much for him. He finished his coffee and put his mug on the empty bookshelf next to them, then he sneaked in between his boyfriend's crossed legs, forcing him to spread them a little and laid his hands on his hips. He snuggled against him, burying his head into his neck, breathing in a long whiff of his scent and pulled away to look up at him. "I like how balanced things are between us too." He said, not mentioning anything about what Tony had just said to him. He wasn't ready yet. He took the chocolate box instead and picked Tony's favorite before shoving it in his surprised mouth. "Open." He commanded before slipping the chocolate between his parted lips. A huge, grateful smile spread on his boyfriend's face as he chewed on the chocolate. His eyes twinkled and Steve couldn't resist kissing him and didn't wait for him to swallow to slip his tongue inside his mouth.
He yelled. "I'm a big boy. I can get plastered in my own fucking house if I like! Stop nagging all the fucking time!
"I..." He hesitated. "I don't think—" His eyes met Natasha's angry ones at that moment and glared at him possessively. "I don't think your dance partner would like that." He husked out.
"I said later." Steve snapped back but took the box anyway and walked back to him, leaning his hip against the couch next to his boyfriend and crossing his legs.
Clint rolls on the side and gets closer to Tony, looking interested. "Never been double-fucked?" He asks innocently. "You should try it, it's nice. Pretty sure Steve would love it."
Tony pressed him against the wall with his bulk, hands leaning against the tiles, and kissed him languorously. "Okay." He whispered, kissing him one last time on his lips and then on his temple, before he walked away from Steve. Steve grabbed his wrist in a panic, Tony chuckled but didn't turn his head back. "I'm just fetching some lube." He said softly and before Steve realized, he was back at his side, hand on the nape of his neck, rubbing the skin of his neck softly with his thumb. "Turn around," he whispered.
For the first time since he had met him, Steve frightened him. Next to him, barely a few inches from his head, was dripping the beer from the can his boyfriend had just thrown at him. He felt the fear creeping up underneath his skin like a parasite. He stared at his boyfriend haggardly, Steve's hands were shaking. Tony knew that rage, he knew that glow that was burning in Steve's eyes. He knew that violence. He had seen it countless times, in his father's eyes.
Tony let out a surprised laugh and turned his head toward the window, avoiding Steve's hungry stare. It sounded so beautiful and sexy. "Yeah but I don't want to force your hand." He said, biting his thumb nail nervously.
Steve wanted to get a chance to smell it, get a whiff, briefly and secretly, and know. And occasionally he felt really warm inside, just thinking about it.
Tony raised his head and stared at him with a confused face. Steve gave him a fond smile. Did he really think Steve wouldn't notice?
He wouldn't call this spying. After all, if Steve didn't want him to listen he wouldn't take his phone calls in his workshop while he's there, working. He does wonder though, if Steve realizes how much Tony pays attention to that kind of details.
A flash of something indescribable ran across Tony's eyes before he grinned amusedly and sort of pouted pensively. "That makes sense." He said and then he stared right into his eyes, unsettling. "Is that why you kissed him?"
Tony thought he hesitated too long, because his boyfriend was losing patience. He grabbed his arm and dragged him to the bathroom, manhandling him like Obie had done some time ago. Tony had always thought he would never be able to stand up to Obie because he had always been impressively built compared to him, but apparently, it wasn't a question of size. Tony was about a head taller and had almost fifty pounds on Steve. That didn't prevent him from being hurled against the tiled wall of the bathroom where he easily and obediently glided down to find his rightful place, next to the toilet bowl, where he belonged.
Clint hauls himself in a jerk. Expression slightly terrified, to be honest. "Errr... Can we talk about it first?"
They both arrived onto the living area which was again very modern in its design, and practical, but welcoming  and comfortable—
His boyfriend looked tired and miserable and Steve felt a pang in his chest. He lost his appetite, not that he had been very hungry in the first place, so he left his food untouched and got up instead, skirted swiftly around the table and slipped in between the table and his boyfriend to straddle him before he could venture any kind of protest. He blanketed him with his slender self, surrounding him with all his love and warmth, and took advantage of his confusion to snatch the cigarette from his hand. Tony didn't react to the theft but slid his hands up his back and wrapped his arms around him, burying his head in the crook of his neck in a melancholic sigh.
"Stickers!" Steve ordered, not willing to dwell on it. Steve giving everything away meant that Tony would have to share his stuff with him. Not that it was an inherent issue for his boyfriend, quite the contrary. It just meant that when—
Clint is already taking a drag, the burning end of the joint lights up, hiding the proud grin on his face. He sucks the smoke in and blows it out in a soft chuckle. "Stop acting like a prude. I know how kinky you are!" He says while sitting on the bed and holding the joint to Tony's mouth.
Steve felt his heart clench and smiled softly before pinching his lips to repress the blush he felt creeping on his face. "I know..." He husked out. "And even if you weren't... It's not like I can't take care of myself. If for some reason I couldn't stay here anymore I'd have plenty of solutions, you know? You're not responsible for me..."
"I think I can manage that." Tony's smile was soft and reassuring and Steve's heart started racing again. He did
"No, I—I didn't..." Tony stutters, hand shaking against the burning, wanting skin of the omega who is kneeling at his feet still. "I never said that."
to ask about me. You're entitled to know that kind of things about me, I feel like you forget that sometimes. I've always felt that with you, like you think you have to draw a line that you shall never cross... but you
Steve was huddled on himself, rocking like a maniac. Tony wish he could hold him into his arms and take his pain away but he was toxic and no-one needed the likes of him.
Meanwhile, Steve and Tony kept supporting each other, alluding to each other every time they got the chance, ignoring the gossips.
"Move in with me." Tony insisted, unyielding. "You can keep your place still, if things turn sour you can always go back. What's the worst that can happen?"
Just like every morning, Steve started smiling lovingly while tilting his head on the side when his boyfriend pouted in front of the food. Except that today, Tony didn't eat the food. He just mumbled an inaudible "I'm not hungry." without raising his eyes from his cup of coffee. He had no tablet or phone in hand this morning.
Tony feels a pang in his chest. He doesn't even know why. It's none of his business, actually. Clint just looks down suddenly and he feels for him. "I always pictured future you with kids." He says hoarsely.
Tony knew better than try to provoke Howard with futile acts of rebellion. He was too old for aimless teenage impertinence. Shut his mouth and look down was the best move right now. Even so... it was for Steve. And Steve would never be such a coward. Steve would never be anyone's puppet. Tony could do better.
Steve paused and reflected upon it. What was so wrong about it? Truth was, Steve didn't even remember anymore.
Tony shrugged into Steve's arms. "I've had my first... And then, sometimes when I'm with an alpha and I'm aroused, I have some sort of phantom heat. Like right now."
"Do you mind?" He snapped with a frown, slapping his hand away from the box. His boyfriend still took the apple and bit it. "I'm actually preparing the salad. Can't you just wait a second?" Tony chuckled, chewing on his apple while staring into his eyes, dark marbles twinkling impishly. Steve thought he was too cute to remain angry at him, however. He gave him a furtive glance. "What is it that I like?"
Steve's heart was racing in his chest and he felt his entire body grow hot and cold at the same time, tears ready to burst out at the corners of his eyes. His breathing accelerated. He felt a lump growing in his throat. He hated Tony so much right now. He hated his friends too, simply for being here.
At least Bucky had already made coffee, so he just took his up out of the drying rack next to the sink, Steve must have cleaned it after they just let it stand in the kitchen that night, and filled the cup.
He was in Steves room, but alone. He remembered how he got there, even though all his memories from the evening before were kind of blurry.  He wasn’t tired anymore, which was an accomplishment if you considered that this was the first time in month.
Tony could tell that Steve wanted to say something, but he wasn’t sure what. He assumed that it was about the two of them, but he couldn’t tell whether Steve wanted to say that he liked that the two of them seemed so close now or if he wanted to say that it was getting to much. For Tony, it was definitely the first one, and he was pretty sure that it was the same for Steve, but the way Steve hesitated made him doubt that.
Tony had no idea what could be in there, he never got anything from Steve except from normal Birthday or Christmas gifts, that never where anything special or personal.
I was a little unsure about the end, because while I thought about how I wanted the two of them to get together the morning of the last chapter, I forgot to think how they would get to that point, so it seems a little sudden, but nonetheless I'm happy with how it turned out.
The two of stood up from the bed and made their way towards the kitchen next to each other. They didn’t talk.
Slowly he tapped towards the kitchen with the intention of getting himself a cup of coffee, but stopping in his motion when he saw Bucky sitting at the table smiling at him.
“We could spend the day together. Go to the gym or watch movies or something like that.”, Steve tried.
“Will you eat breakfast before you leave? If we team up we can make something relatively quick, who knows when you’re going to have the opportunity to eat after you leave. And you already went on the mission and everyone came back in one piece, so it can’t be that urgent.”
The longer Steve waited, the bigger Tonys doubts grew. And Steve could tell. He saw how Tonys hopeful smile fell a bit and he frowned a little, only noticeable because Steve was watching him so closely.
The two of them looked at each other, laughed and entered the elevator together. Before the doors closed again, Steve caught Buckys eyes, who was looking at the two of them with a raised eyebrow and a small smile on his face.
The soldier was amazed. He let the small dog walk onto his hand, and moved his hand closer to his face to inspect the robot closer. The little guy wagged his tail and rolled over a few times. Steve laughed at that, before putting him down again.
He made his way to the kitchen to say hello to Tony, but when he entered the engineer had his had on his arms on the table and didn’t seem very awake. He didn’t even get up when the coffeemaker finished.
In the evening they ordered food, and between two movies Tony got up and made himself a new cup of coffee and a cup of tea for Steve.
After Steve finished his call he got up. Tony looked at him questioningly, waiting for the other to say something.
Tony hung it up on the wall opposite to the wall, where he already hung pictures of Rhodey and Pepper,  and a picture of Spiderman and Ironman that Peter drew as a joke after Tony said that he was like his son. Tony thought that that picture fit in just perfectly.
“If you want to you can stay in bed, I’ll go make breakfast real quick and we can spend the morning in bed together, if that’s something you’d like.”, Steve said.
“That’s how it’s supposed to be. I don’t want to threaten you to kiss me, I want you to do that because you want it. That’s really important, you know?”
It was late in the evening. Tony was standing in the kitchen of the compound, staring at the counter grimly while waiting for the coffeemaker to finish. He was tired. But there was a project he wanted to finish this evening.
He motioned the other man to follow him and got the tiny dog out of the tiny box he was stored in. Steves eyes lit up at that. It was no secret that the man absolutely loved dogs, so it was no surprise that Steve wanted to get a closer look.
Steve seemed to hesitate, but then he nodded. “Alright, if we make it quick we can eat breakfast together. But please don’t take it personal if I storm out on you afterwards.”
"So what now?" Steve asked, not really meaning it. The question might seem a little out of the blue but again, it was genuine. If you looked closely, what did they share except stolen moments? "Can we really do this? I mean, what's the point of carrying on with this relationship if we're not capable of finding time for each other?"
Tony pulled the window up and sighed, still unsettlingly silent. Steve started to feel uneasy. He bit his bottom lip and swallowed before glancing timidly at his boyfriend. "Were you able to raise enough funds, at least?" He finally asked, trying to make conversation.
to shower and get prepared for their day at work. Steve mechanically poured some shampoo on his head, a little out of it, and washed away the remnants of stress and grief that last night had stirred up. He was lost in his thoughts for a few moments and then he looked at his boyfriend worriedly, still feeling some weird tension between them. Tony kept rubbing and rubbing himself at the same places as if to remove some imaginary stains from his skin. Steve watched him silently, he was unusually tense and his hazy, unfocused eyes pooled with something far and forlorn. He pressed his hand on his heart, Tony snapped out of it and his eyes focused on him. Steve took the washcloth from his hand and stared up into his eyes, strong and determined.
Steve turned his head back and stared at him, just enough to see the sheepish smile on his lips. "Fine! You've got five minutes."
Steve bit his bottom lip and hesitated before speaking his mind again. "I think you've had enough for tonight."
Steve rolled his eyes. "We're really just working on our homework together." He let out in a regretful sigh. He omitted to mention that a lot of ogling was happening as well, on his part. No-one needed to know that.
Tony hadn't mentioned JARVIS during the tour, maybe he had been afraid Steve would be freaking out about the idea that an immaterial entity would have eyes and ears on every fucking things he did, which, to be honest, kind of did freak him out. But he seriously doubted Tony hadn't already configured the AI to supervise the entire Tower.
Something heart-wrenching flashes through the omega's eyes. They burn with lust and pain and desperation alike. What is Steve playing at? Hasn't he done enough already? Messing them around both?
When their hearts were beating steadily again, Steve somehow slumped down on some kind of armchair that happened to be around. Tony, without ever letting go of him, knelt down next to him, head buried on his lap and arms clutching his waist. Steve's fingers were running through his scruffy hair, lingering there.
He walked a few yards until the sound of a moving car stopped him in his momentum. It was moving suspiciously slow. Steve made a halt and turned slowly on the side, heart racing in his chest. For a split-second he wondered if it was written on his ass, that he was omega, he pushed this ludicrous and very depressive idea out of his head soon enough and squinted his eyes to get a better view.
He heard Tony huff out a confused sound and looked up again. His boyfriend had walked up a few step closer and was staring at him with a bewildered expression. His smile had died down. "Realtor?" He asked hesitantly and forced a teasing grin on his lips. "Are you trying to invest in the real estate business?"
He pouts and nuzzles into his neck. "Please, Alpha." He pleads in a soft, soothing voice. "I want to share my heats with you."
"You're the only one I've been doing this with." He said more seriously. "I've never hated it with you."
By the time Sunday afternoon comes, they're both exhausted but happy and fulfilled and they have grown up a little, he thinks.
Tony jerked his head up and stared at him sidelong like an affront, a glimpse of mischievousness in his eyes and a provocative smile that he was sensually trying to bite back. He chuckled tauntingly, being purposely cheeky. Steve felt the urge to smack him on the face but refrained, clenching his fists instead.
Apparently some other guy was sucking him off now, trying to get him hard. His back was sliding sideways on the wall. He pressed on the guy's head to hold himself up, earned a strangled moan and a gasp. He opened his eyes and looked straight in front of him, tried to anyway. He was met with the perverted shine in the eyes of one of the guys who was leering at them. Tony knew instantly what the guy wanted, maybe he stared back a little too insistently. Finally, someone who would take care of him the way Tony needed. He hoped it would hurt.
"We hit it off pretty quickly, I guess. It was mostly related to you, though, and all your bullshit." Sam continued and was interrupted by Natasha's laugh. "We kept in touch all those years."
JARVIS did not answer but Steve tried to speak to Tony anyway, sensing that the AI might be on his side. "Tony, please let me in." There was no answer but Steve tried again. "I brought down food for you."
Tony parts his lips, eyes flaring open at the feeling of the omega's strength-enhanced hand on his throat, holding him as tightly as it is tender. He keeps rocking his hips forward instinctively, seeking release in Steve's womb.
in the silence of his lonely room, when the alpha and omega fuck each other brainless, when he's left on his own with only his eyes to cry and his daughter to take care of, the alpha's pup that took life in his wombs, the one he gave birth to, on his own... his own bonding gland starts pulsating.
He has never felt so safe, grounded against the firm chest of his omega, surrounded by his warmth and with the hotness of his breath wet against his neck. His arms curl around him and hold him tight while he inhales a deep breath of his dizzying scent.
And he felt hot. Warmth pooling in his stomach and churning his guts. And his eyes burned with desire, wantonly undressing the alpha, meaning to disturb his imperturbable concentration.
"Dead serious." Tony replied in a lighter, but nonetheless serious, tone. "You worked so well together. It was smooth and genuine and easy... stable, fulfilling.... While I feel like it's a constant struggle, for us to be together... You were happy with him, you were...
Tony. Of course there's a bit of me in everything I do. That's what art's about. Just like there's a little part of you in everything you create. You should know..."
forced yourself on me. When I truly didn't want something, or when things were making me uncomfortable, you stopped. Every time. Even last night, you stopped when you noticed you were hurting me." Steve scooted closer, seeking the reassuring body warmth of his boyfriend. He needed him to be close. He needed them to be fine. He needed Tony to know they were fine. Because they were... "You've always been instinctive—sometimes brutal—in sex but you've also always paid attention, Tony. You've always cared. Don't ever think like that." He wrapped himself around his boyfriend in a comforting embrace.
"Well," Loki starts, grinning sheepishly. He still can't look at Tony in the eye. "I guess I needed a change."
His gaze was intense on Steve and he felt suddenly very hot. Heart racing and beating hard in his chest. He felt petrified under the stare. Tony smiled at him, something quite hard to read. His look was both melancholic and hopeful with a tint of amusement hidden behind his flashy grin. He just chuckled silently and went back to work for about five minutes.
That was what he did, with the intention to make Obie feel good, hoping he might be satisfied with coming in his mouth and let him go. Obie's cock was half-hard when he closed his lips around it but grew rapidly, invading his mouth and choking him. It wasn't as pleasant as it should be. Tony wasn't usually shy around cocks, he had been well trained, but the reluctance seemed to pervade and he was struggling to enjoy the moment. Maybe because he couldn't keep Steve out of his mind and he didn't like it when he thought about Steve with someone else's dick in his mouth. He tried to forget about Steve and made a point at giving the man the best blowjob of his life even if he didn't take any pleasure in it. It wouldn't be the first time either. Happened more often than not, Tony had just never really realized.
Tony can finally breathe. Steve's presence behind him, all around him, soothes him and all his upsetting thoughts ebb away slowly. Only the warmth of their bodies remains. Tony leans into the embrace and grabs his boyfriend's hand to entangle their fingers together.
Steve's knees trembled. He was out of breath and his lungs were still burning. He still felt dizzy with the lack of air. He exhaled a long sigh, feeling so relieved to see Tony here, in the middle of nowhere, Brooklyn.
He swallowed his bile again and took a deep, determined breath before he finally pressed 'call,' heart racing in his chest, blooming with the slight hope Steve might be understanding, even just a little.
For three reasons he can't. The first one is, well, obvious, for legal reasons. He officially and legally belongs to the alpha. He cannot get out of the tower without the threat of spending the rest of his life in a highly-secured prison, or worse. Had he been on his own, he might have taken that risk. Tony might even be nice enough to help but there's Felicia...
Steve didn't move. He felt another pang in his chest and was lost for words. He bit his lips again and stepped closer. "Why don't you talk to me, Tony?"
—like Steve would never be able to. Tony is riled up. He growls deep in his throat and orders the two omegas to disentangle from each other, kneel and bend down in front of him, hands behind their backs. All that from a simple look.
Steve dropped his head on his chest and grabbed the lapels of his jacket. He buried his head onto his shirt. "I can't, babe." He whined. "I really can't."
The car pulled over. He took his pack of cigarette out of his pocket and picked one. He tapped it on the pack while waiting for his cue. Certainly that was where Obie was dropping him off, throwing him away like trash.
The omega presses his lips on Steve's bonding gland which pulsates with want, red and puffy and calling the alpha. He nibbles it, grazing his teeth on the burning bulge. It sends spikes of electricity throughout Steve's entire body. The pain is sharp, blinding. His vision whites out. Steve gasps and grinds his teeth.  Eyes closed, he leans into the touch, melting under his ministrations. Bucky snuggles his head against the other omega, hair brushing his temple softly, tickling his skin. Steve does the same and the two omegas take possession of each other, biting in turn their bonding gland until they bleed, releasing pheromones that drive the alpha crazy.
The media never stopped commenting on the undying support they had for each other's careers and how they kept promoting each other's work through their respective jobs.
just stood up to Howard Stark..." His voice faltered. "certainly not me anyway." Tony's eyes shone in an unusual glow, they were wet. He licked his lips and inhaled a deep breath. His eyes were unfocused, lost into space. "I don't know what happened at that moment," he continued, voice raspy, almost shivering, "but I felt something warm growing inside of me, I felt unsettled suddenly, dizzy." There was a slight tremor in his hands, as if he was reliving what he was saying. "I don't know how to explain this... I mean, I'd had crushes, I'd felt...
Tony rolled away from Steve in a protesting whine and snuggled into the sheets on his side of the bed. "I'm taking the day off." He mumbled softly. "JARVIS? Cancel all my appointments for today. Tell Pepper I'm feeling unwell. I'm not getting out of that bed until tonight."
Steve watched the animated street in front of them, considering it. "Nah," he answered. "I was just trying to find a reason to regret leaving this place but no. No reason. There isn't anything that I'll miss. I have absolutely no regret."
Tony threw his head back and laughed teasingly, sounding sexy and beautiful. "Oh, no." He exclaimed. "That part was totally true." He explained in a sort of bitter, self-deprecating tone. "I would have left much earlier otherwise. It's not like I enjoyed watching you guys make out on a daily basis—"
"Oh yeah?" Steve answered Bucky, ignoring the Beta and staring into the alpha's eyes teasingly. "Not even an omega?" He chuckled, seductive and leant closer, brushing his ear with his parted lips. "You think I can't seduce you?" He smiled dangerously, provocative. "I think I can. It's biology. Wanna try? You're gonna know who Steve Rogers really is."
Steve almost choked on his own saliva. Bucky blushed but didn't deny it. Everyone else laughed, kindly.
And also, he needs to jerk off. Possibly several times. The alpha and the omega's reunion just started. Steve is going to be knotted a few more times tonight. This is gonna be a long long night. For the three of them...
Steve doesn't answer right away and Tony supposes he must be a little perplexed, maybe a little annoyed too, but he doesn't say it outwardly. "'kay." He mutters after a short hesitating while. And then he speaks on the phone again. "Oh and, by the way, Tony's coming."
The lights were dim in the backrooms and his eyes unfocused. He could feel his body burn with arousal and couldn't walk straight. A hand held him up and led the way. Everything was blurry, distorted. He couldn't distinguish the things around him. He didn't know if they were things, or people. They were just indistinct moving shapes and shadows in the mist. It felt like walking down the devil's lair. It smelt like sweat and sex, it was heady and Tony felt himself drifting away again, as if he was no longer in his own body, lulled by the nebulous sounds of pleasure and pain.
Steve blushed instantly and so did Tony, inconspicuously though. His smile faded to leave place to startled and embarrassed eagerness. Past the surprise, he smiled again, grinning widely and his eyes narrowed on Steve, challenging. "Really? How so?"
The smell of omega is everywhere around her, it's infuriating. She wasn't supposed to want. She wasn't supposed to feel this way. They made sure she never wanted. They made sure she forgot what she was, who she was and what she needed.
for other people, deep feelings. Feelings I thought were love at the time. But nothing like that... I thought I was feeling faint or something. I just... that was.... That was new and.....
It came out on its own. He feels his cheeks heat but it might only be the reflexion of the delicious blush creeping on Steve's face as he looks away embarrassedly, a wide smile on his lips.
Loki drinks a swig of his beer and averts his eyes to avoid Tony's intense gaze on him. He flashes an indecipherable smile at Tony and shakes his head slowly. "Nothing much."
Steve had a moment of confusion and then he took his boyfriend's hand and planted a kiss on the inside of his wrist. "I don't." He said. "I was just surprised. I wasn't expecting this."
Steve let go of his boyfriend's mouth. He tasted like coffee and cigarette. Steve hated the mix, to be honest. "I'll move in with you." He said in a whispering but determined sigh. "Tonight. Let's fucking do this! It's been long overdue."
He chuckled, a little startled. As if it was that simple. He didn't even know what he wanted and it wasn't like they were that close. And Steve hadn't presented yet, anyway. Why would anyone want a boyfriend like that? Besides, he wasn't interested, like
That's the thing with suppressants, to make sure they work efficiently, you need to start taking them in the middle your heat. This meant another heat for Bucky before finally being free. This meant he would need an alpha.
Tony carried him back to the bedroom and please forgive him if he just liquified with want when he realized his boyfriend was strong enough to carry him with one arm while the other slid the patio door open. They both collapsed on the bed and Steve's body was burning and shaking with desire.
"Since everyone's here now..." She started, eyes glancing worriedly at Sam with an unexpected fondness. "I have—" She hesitated.
Steve stopped and straightened up. "Are you trying to manipulate me into fucking you again?" He asked, scrutinizing his face. Tony smiled back but said nothing. He grabbed Steve's waist and rocked him gently in the same rhythm as his own hips. "No, fucking way Tony." Steve added. "It's my turn now."
"Yes," Tony confirms and then his hand is back on the blond omega's hip. He resumes thrusting into him, rocking steadily, and Steve groans deep in his throat, his mouth lazily shut, his eyes still wide-open, lost in a daze.
"The love of his life." Bucky answered nonchalantly. "A transfer student from London who came in our school during 3rd grade. He chased after her during the entire year in fourth and fifth grades. She went back to England in Junior High. I don't think he recovered, actually." He kept on, as if Steve wasn't even there.
Steve rolled over on his back and looked up at his boyfriend blissfully, gratefully and filled with love. Tony's eyes were wanton, burning with lust. They stared into each other's eyes for a short moment. Steve smiling in satisfied delight, Tony still up on his knees, stroking his own cock slowly.
"I know it's confusing," he answers looking pensive. "But it's one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a super hero."
He's not even lying. There are some issues with the latest Starkpad that came back from the tests that absolutely need to be fixed by Saturday, he's pretty sure he will have to pull one or two all-nighters to meet the deadline. That doesn't mean he's not glad to have a valid excuse for skipping yet another dinner with Steve's friends. Not that he doesn't like them, he does, especially Clint. It's just that, contrary to Steve, he doesn't feel the need to see them every three days and have them on the phone several times a day.
"You hungry?" He asked softly and didn't let Steve answer before suggesting to eat. "Jarvis made cookies if you want. Peanut butter." Steve's favorite. Did he know? How did he know?
"Come here." Tony says softly as he tugs on his wrist to bring him closer and brings his hand to his neck, brushing softly the reddish swollen bonding gland that still pulsates eagerly for him. He pulls the omega's head down and catches his confused lips for a gentle kiss. James opens his eyes wide but lets himself being manhandled.
He looked at his phone, no sign from Steve obviously, and put it back in his pocket before walking out of the men's room. He noticed Obie had put the Do Not Enter - Cleaning In Process sign on the door and realized that being interrupted had been the last thing on his mind then. He pushed his hands down the pockets of his dress pants and tried not to limp as he set up to walk back to the table.
Spending your heat with your alpha is amazing, spending it when you're bonded is absolutely spectacular and mind-blowing but Steve has so few conscious thoughts at the moment to grasp the entirety of that fact.
"I just remember we kissed on your bed, which was folded into a couch, then, I think. And I remember you were pissed at me but I don't know what you were saying. It's like it was happening before me but I just wasn't there, you know? You were just being a drag to me then, I was so out of it."
"Take off the condom," Steve begs, voice as wrecked and hoarse as one from beyond the grave. The alpha stills, hands frozen on his hips.
Tony laughed wholeheartedly, throwing his head back and revealing the lines of his neck, slender but strong. Steve felt the sound of it penetrate his soul, his entire body shivered. He wanted to touch it, run his hands down his chest and feel his muscles underneath his button-down shirt.
He felt his heart leap when he pushed the key into the locker and paused for a few moments, listening to his heartbeat, before turning it open. He could feel the warm breath of his boyfriend onto the nape of his neck. Tony was silent behind him, although a little out of breath after carrying the cardboards up the stairs. He finally pushed the door open and took in the familiar smell of his former apartment.
Tony nods slowly, eyes still closed, enjoying all the different sensations the mixture gives him. When he opens his eyes again, Clint is smirking. "You need to teach me how to make those," he says, "they're amazing," and he stares at Steve again. Steve liked the first cocktail, he's pretty sure he'll love this one, minus the extra charge of rum, of course.
Tony was sort of animalistic but not forceful in any way. He had cupped his face delicately and brushed his lips with his, breathing into his mouth for a split hesitating second before he pressed them against Steve's. The kiss was surreptitious and as soon as Tony's lips had touched Steve's he moved away and huddled against the door guiltily. His breathing hitched and Steve heard him hesitate, his own heart beating so hard he could feel it in his temples.
them. I've just met some of them once or twice and I don't even remember well... And Sam and Bucky already hate me anyway. And their opinions are the most important among all his friends' in Steve's eyes.
Bucky's last heat lasted four days. Steve was in charge of looking after Felicia then. When it was over Bucky ran back to his daughter and locked himself in his room with her.
needs to put some distance between Steve and that Loki guy. He makes a beeline for the couch, staggering a little—
"Lies." He snapped. Why would his friends tease him like this, purposely being mean? Hadn't he had his share of hurt for tonight?
Steve knew. He had just been caught off guard and unsettled by the uncertainty of this evening and the unfamiliarity of the place.
Tony knows he's pretty and he knows how to use this to his advantage. He's learnt about his sex appeal at a really young age and he's proud to say now, even if he's aged, that very few resist his natural charm. Loki isn't one of those obviously. He wriggles uncomfortably on his butt, looking slightly unsettled for a moment but he still grins at him and melts into the touch. Up for the challenge. Tony's wondering though, if Loki would want Tony to fuck him or the other way around. Personally, if, by some weird chain of circumstances, in some other world where he doesn't belong to Steve, the opportunity would present itself to Tony, he wouldn't mind either way.
It felt like electricity running through his body. Steve's breathing hitched and he withdrew his hand as quickly as if he had been burnt. They stared into each other's eyes, both startled, both confused. And Tony smiled again. A shy, insecure smile.
Tony straightened up though and he swiveled slowly on his feet to stand right in front of the painting. And finally,
Bucky takes off his clothes slowly, feeling the warmth overwhelm him so delicately, gentle waves licking his feet and fingers, fire growing inside him, mellow and powerful.
"Aren't you disappointed that Iron Man was made the bad guy here, the one who created the evil they needed to fight?"
"Whatever, Tony..." Steve said while glancing at him sidelong and gulped down his beer. "I'm not sleeping next to you."
Tony huddled on himself, wishing he could crawl into a hole and never get out. He felt another shiver down his spine and the twinge in his heart intensified. "What do you want me to answer?"
happy. Very happy. Especially this instant, when Steve has just got up from bed and is getting prepared for his day at SHIELD, when Tony realizes once again that this is not a dream, that they really live together now and that realization rocks his whole world, like every time. The happiness is overwhelming. He smothers a smile and pretends he doesn't care much for his boyfriend's marks of affection. It would be weird if the latter realized just how intensely Tony's entire being reacts to him. So early in the morning. So often in the day.
A normal person, alpha or not, that's not even the point, would be dead asleep in their bed right now.  And yet one whiff of the sweet smell of omega arousal and he's back at it like a horny frustrated teenager. Every inch of his body demands him to jump on the omega and screw him brainless, knot him again and again and again until he passes out. What is wrong with him? At his age he should need help to get a hard on already. Why does his body react so intensely right now, a slave to the omega's needs?
"DON'T FUCKING FLEE AGAIN!!!" He shouted, but the elevator's doors were already closing on him and he was left here on his own, his body shaking with rage. He felt a shiver run down his spine and tears prickling at the corner of his eyes. He let them flow out and stared at the elevator in despair.
the one who taught me that. And we're gonna make mistakes, and we'll probably keep doing shitty things to each other but we're gonna talk them through. You don't need to be so fucking extreme all the time..."
But he slowly recovered his senses and apprehended his surroundings. He was still where he had been the last time he was conscious enough to remember.
That was when he understood Obie didn't want to come, he just wanted to submit Tony and humiliate him. There was no way he would be able to skip the fuck whatsoever. He let his arms fall on his sides, a little desperately, and stared into space when the man grabbed his biceps to haul him up on his feet. He felt like marshmallow, drained of all his strength, and didn't protest when Obie hurled him into one of the stalls. His shoulder hurt with the way Obie had brutally manhandled him, the rest of his body hurt after he stumbled and knocked himself against the toilet bowl and the tiled wall. He was struggling to keep straight, wavering on shaky legs, unusually distressed. He unbuckled his belt instinctively, he thought, or maybe Obie made him do it, he wasn't sure to remember well. He was already quite intoxicated, things were blurry. He remembered his chest heaving heavily, his breathing accelerated. He remembered the shivers he felt running up and down his spine, not the good kind. He was scared.
Clint jerks his head around and looks at him with a deadpanned expression. "Oh man, I'm sorry. I'd forgotten about that." He explains without an ounce of shame in his voice.  "Don't worry, it's clean."
"Your fans can wait. Your boyfriend's Tony Stark, babe, and Tony Stark always comes first. They'll have to get used to it 'cause you're taking the afternoon off, end of." He looked into Steve's eyes, drawing him in against his will. "And you'll have all the time in the world to return the favor before I leave for Germany." He added with a kinky smile, tongue slipping out of his mouth and licking his bottom lip slowly.
Their first time happened on Steve's birthday. Everybody was out, busy celebrating independence. They had Steve's house for themselves all day long. It was a hot summer day and they were both wearing light clothes. They were both sweating, too, with the heat and with... something
Tony had run a tired hand in Steve's hair afterwards, when they were locked together. This was a first, for both of them. Tony's smile was radiant and satisfied. He whispered a soft "thank you" followed by a mind-blowing "you were amazing." And then, in the course of things, Tony had kissed the top of his head and slipped out the four letter word secretly while his fingers brushed along Steve's spine.
"What do you mean "since when"? Since when is that kind of information relevant to you? I need you to come tonight, end of. And you'll show them your progresses on the project. It will be good for you to meet our clients. It is time for me to start introducing you."
Steve was almost fully hard now but he fairly intended to finish boxing up before fucking Tony again so he took his biggest toy—which was...
Obie's face was very close, only inches away, and Tony could smell his foul alcoholic breath when he spoke. "Please what, boy?" He whispered through his teeth, inching closer. He tightened his grip around Tony's neck, strangling him, pressing him against the wall with his strong bulk. Tony wriggled in his hand, trying to find balance, trying to breathe. "You think you can do what you want?"
When they had relieved enough of their pent-up frustration they both fell on their back and remained like this, silently catching their breath, close enough to feel each other's warmth but with enough distance so it wouldn't feel awkward between them.
He couldn't believe that not even once he had come back to his place since he had moved in with Tony in the penthouse. He had planned to though, he still had a lot of his stuff there, had left it thinking he would come back and fetch it bit by bit. He never did.
Tony climbs down the bed and grabs Bucky's shoulder. At this point, the omega is no longer in control of his own movements. The alpha manhandles him like a puppet and places him horizontally, head dangling down, back against the mattress. This way Bucky is perfectly alined for Tony to fuck his throat, which he does without delay. He holds his neck at first, breaching inside his throat softly but then, when he's perfectly locked inside, he releases his grip on him to grab Steve's neck instead and catch his lips into a kiss.
"But you're making time for organizing dinner parties. I've never even invited you once in the penthouse since Steve moved in."
Steve watched him wriggle on the bed, body glistening with sweat and spasmodic. Then he returned to his cardboard boxes.
Steve burst out laughing and shook his head at his boyfriend. "Rumlow?" He exclaimed, disbelievingly. "Are you fucking serious? That guy hated my guts from day one."
to consider it." Tony's eyes were burning with a dark glow and his features were hard and untouchable. "I'm really starting to wonder if that's the place that's not right..." He hissed.
"Like being roughed up, Greg?" Dark-haired guy said, smiling dangerously. The glint in his eyes was depraved.
Thor throws a heavy arm around Tony's shoulders that makes him feel small and fragile. Thor is loud and cumbersome. He's a nice, carefree, open-minded guy who likes having fun. Tony is sure they could get on with each other well, he just never really had the opportunity to get to know him more than the basics. He has more affinity for his wife-to-be, they obviously have many things in common and besides, Tony's always been more comfortable around women, men tend to make him feel like he needs to be on his guard all the time, but Jane is not here tonight.
Sam, the asshole, had the nerve to grin even wider. "Man, that was a lot of staring." He chuckled. "I'm telling you, man, something's happened in there."
Tony shut him up with a kiss, blushing embarrassedly. "When have I ever dominated you? You keep ordering me around," he snorted and rested his head against him, cuddling him into a sweet post-orgasmic embrace. "You're so lucky, though." Tony mumbled, humming softly against Steve's chest, "I wish you could fuck me against a wall like that too." Steve chuckled and brushed his fingers into his hair. "I could do it before..." He added elusively and Steve felt a pang in his chest. Then Tony abruptly lifted his head off Steve and stared into his eyes with a sly grin. "Do you think
"You're smoking again?" He asked, wanting to make conversation but unable to keep the reproachful tone out of his voice.
. It was stupid. And he knew it was stupid—Tony had been joking then— but he kept remembering those words like an everlasting threat on them.
A simple doodle sketched in no time and posted last minute on Steve's Instagram account on the 8th of June.
"Yep." Steve answered quickly, conscious that he hadn't paid for any of it. "The whole package." He didn't dare look at him though, slightly embarrassed by the fact he had been profiteering a little. It had seemed the easiest option at the time, the one that was most convenient for all parties. He hadn't thought much of it actually. He didn't think Tony would care, they were given to him after all, but now, while his boyfriend stared at him questioningly, it looked bad. At least he was certain he had made a good deal out of it, that was something.
He wishes he was a better man. He wishes he was a decent person. A better friend, a better omega. He's none of that. Were he all of this, he would have obeyed his alpha, got up on his feet, got the fuck away from here and locked himself up in the furthest bathroom from here to take a cold shower and jerk off on his own like he's supposed to. The only thing he manages to do however and keen desperately, thirsty and wanting.
Tony chuckles and breaks away from the warmth of Clint's embrace. He wipes his face with his two hands.
"Surprise me." Steve answered with a cocky smile. "But first..." He grabbed his boyfriend's face and kissed him one last time while pulling him down on the pillows, into his arms. "Sleep!" He commanded. "I very much have the intention to stay in that bed with you until the night comes and fully intend to use your body to my heart's content... but I'm not getting any younger."
Bucky grimaced. "Huh, yeah maybe. Or perhaps I was just drunk and high on adrenaline and you were cute."
"Pull yourself together now, son. You're the new face of Stark Industry. You need to keep your head up. Be a good son and make your father proud, uh?"
His boyfriend was now gloriously naked in their huge shower, silent and hesitant, and Steve tiptoed to grab his neck and give him a hot reassuring kiss, until he felt his lips curl into a smile.
Dark-haired guy startled and then chuckled. "Okay." Then he pressed him against the wall and tore off the rest of his shirt. His determined hands fumbled with his fly and unbuckled his belt. He pulled it off, for ulterior purposes surely, then he grabbed his neck and squeezed possessively. Tony gasped and his eyes whitened. He pushed Tony's head up against the wall and bit the skin of his neck. "Is there something else that's off the list, Greg?" Dark-guy asked in an unexpectedly gentle tone. "Before we really get down to it."
The image of his mother frowning at him appeared in front of his eyes, unwilling to go. Steve suddenly realized the position he was in, the hardness so unbreakable in his pants and the strong shape of Tony above him. Their scents so strong and dizzying around the compartment. Had he lost his mind? What was he doing?
Pepper let out an exasperated grunt at the other end of the phone. "Argh, Tony. This is just a friendly gathering with a lot of drugs and booze involved. Just wear whatever you wear every time you see him. Be yourself! You're not even trying to impress him."
Tony annoyingly had an answer for everything and it was starting to get in the way. Steve ignored his boyfriend and pushed harder, laying him on his back. He squeezed his thighs on each side of him and started disheveling him, peeling each layer of clothes off of him slowly. Tony let him and buckled up, hips unintentionally rocking forward.
him. He did, unconsciously, before pulling himself back together. The fragrance unreadable but so delicious in his nose. All his senses were going haywire. He wanted to keep sniffing but refrained.
That's true, Tony knows but he can't help feeling insecure about it. He doesn't want to ruin Steve's life. He doesn't want to do something he'll regret. He knows Steve wants it, he can
