Steve could barely believe his eyes as he glanced up at the tower that housed Stark Industries. Steve was a New Yorker through and through, but the sight of this particular skyscraper was dizzying. He realized that he had never really looked at Stark Tower, and now the building seemed absolutely imposing.
more thing.”
“Tony…?” Steve called, his voice harsh from the lack of sleep as he clenched the diary.
Fury was standing on the landing from above with Obadiah, Pepper, and some board members standing directly behind them. The group was flanked by Agent Hill and Agent Coulson. Rhodey was at the very end of the railing, leaning over slightly to get a better view of the team.
Steve shook his head. “Tony, I don’t want
“Sure, why the fuck not.” Tony mumbled through his despair.
Steve chuckled before pulling his phone out of his pocket. “You know the nice thing about having an old phone is that I don’t ever really need to charge it.” He handed the phone to Tony.
Steve nodded. “Love you too, Buck.” He then watched Bucky take a moment before walking back into his suite.
“Is this okay?” Tony asked quietly as his hand hovered near Steve’s crotch.
Tony let go of Steve, but Steve held onto his waist, kissing Tony on the cheek, which almost caused Tony to giggle from the attention.
Pepper nodded emphatically. “Will do, Tony.” She smiled before turning to exit the conference room.
Steve shook his head as he rubbed Tony’s thigh. “No, it’s okay, Tony. I’m just listening.”
Bruce sighed. “I was just saying that, Tony. Now I know for sure you’re stealing my ideas.”
Steve took a breath as soon the private express elevator arrived at the penthouse. Forget the first time they used the Synergy device out in the field, this was probably the most nerve-racking thing he had ever experienced outside his military experience. But it was strange; he and Tony weren’t
“Rhodes! I don’t mind at all!” And Tony nearly surprised himself with his reaction.
“Oh, come on, Cap. I’m just giving you a
Steve blushed as he took his time walking up the console Tony was standing next to. “Can’t you have someone else model the uniforms? I feel like a huge dork.”
Tony settled as soon as his body made contact with the railing. He looked out beyond the balcony, wallowing yet again in his misery.
“…I had spent Christmas break here because my parents went to Europe for vacation or whatever…” The memory seemed upsetting to Tony, yet he persisted with his narration.
Tony laughed heartily before taking Steve’s hand, leading him toward the kitchen. “Peter and I don’t usually cook, but we thought it would be nice to make something special for dinner that was more than two ingredients and not breakfast related.”
He glanced over at Steve who hadn’t moved from his current position and was still smiling kindly at him. Tony smiled back, but almost giggled again. He cleared his throat once more before turning to face a console.
However, the crowd cheered even louder as soon as he finished his first set of lines. Steve was amazed that no one seemed to care that he looked and sounded incredibly nervous.
Both Tony and Steve raced each other to the private express elevator. As soon as Tony scanned his fingerprints for access, Steve pushed him up against the back wall of the elevator shaft. They made out as the elevator flew past the floors before reaching Tony’s penthouse.
“Come on, just tell me. I didn’t get accepted.” Steve’s tone never wavered; there was no hint of doubt. He knew it had been a futile exercise to try for something so competitive.
“…I hope you guys managed to find something to eat for dinner…” Tony stopped short before entering the kitchen. He found Steve and Peter cooking together at the stove.
Steve rolled his eyes but instead of responding right away, he scoffed as he laid back down in the bed, rolling over onto his side to face away from Tony.
Tony nodded as well, trying to use it as an opportunity to make a joke, but his kid’s thoughtfulness shattered any immediate attempt.
“May should be here soon.” Tony explained as he rose from his stool to fix Steve a plate.
Tony expressed confusion, but then tried to mask it quickly. Of course, he wasn’t going to remember every single employee, but he pretended to be interested given the situation.
Steve nodded again as he let Tony move inward for a kiss. Steve turned a little to kiss Tony back. He felt Tony feel the back of his neck before his hands roamed down the length of his body again, pushing into Steve.
Sam smirked at Steve who just sighed with grief. “Most of my friends still call me ‘Cap’ even though I don’t go by captain formally.” Steve felt a little self-conscious; not only had the conversation shifted directly onto him, Tony was now aware of his friends’ nickname for him.
Anthony E. Stark
“Uh…” Tony started, looking away, “…uh, I just wanted to say…” he looked upward at Steve who was looking downward at him with a concerned expression.
much fun, Cap.” He patted Steve on the shoulder while sporting that goofy grin. Steve knew what his friend was referring to but managed to not make a show of it, especially with Tony standing so close.
Steve nodded as he walked ahead of Tony, accidentally bumping into him in the process. Tony sharply sucked in a breath of air, holding still as Steve passed.
“What’s up, Rogers?” Tony asked with a grin.
Steve smiled as he walked toward Tony. “I don’t mind really…they’re staying here for a couple more days before Shuri and Sam leave for their honeymoon, so I can always come back…” He offered quietly.
Tony nearly made a face from the unmistakable slight edge he heard in Mr. Beck’s voice as the latter annoyingly explained the policy, practically insinuating that Tony and Steve weren’t Peter’s real parents. He felt Steve still rubbing his leg to calm him.
The end of the receiver was silent as Tony could tell that Steve was listening.
Obadiah counted to steady himself before taking out his phone, tapping on it a few times before he reached Pepper’s number. He waited as the phone rang twice before Pepper answered.
As Tony’s laughter subsided, Steve noticed that he now looked more like someone who could favor Tony Stark but was not quite Tony Stark. It was peculiarly captivating yet unnerving at the same time.
“Yeah Tony lives here with his son.” Steve added, smiling warmly at Tony who was screaming on the inside and trying to stay composed.
Tony placed his half-empty drink on the bar counter. “Uh, Rogers did.”
“Well, if it’ll make you feel any better. I’ve been in quite a few relationships and as you can see, none of them worked out.” He teased again as he kept his hand on Steve’s waist, now rubbing more firmly.
Tony waited for him before waving at him to say his lines. “Steve Rogers, everyone!”
Steve gawked at Tony. “Spiderman?”
Loki rolled his eyes as he sipped from his expresso. “What do you want, brother? I have things to do today.” He was annoyed that Thor had called him out of the blue to talk later that early afternoon but had been cryptic on the phone.
“How come? It’s from Steve.” Peter persisted.
Steve stopped pushing for a second as he looked downward at Tony’s hand. “…yes…” he let out, smiling somewhat, yet his voice quivered.
Steve nodded as he held onto Tony, and Tony squeezed him back through the hug.
Tony grinned. “Well,
Steve corrected himself as he watched Tony walk to the front of the conference room to address everyone.
“Steve!” Steve smiled as soon as he heard Peter shout his name down the street. He could see Peter getting out of a car with Tony closely behind.
“Look out for the reports…and keep an eye on that newest team member, Steve Rogers. He may be useful…”
Steve pulled Peter into a proper hug. “Of course, Peter.”
Then he panicked.
Steve eased as his friend hugged him. He turned slightly to fully embrace Bucky. “Love you, Buck.”
“What?” Tony got into Loki’s personal space, “what the fuck are you talking about? If you’re not working for Thanos, then you can tell us who’s been involved.”
Steve groaned as he pushed inside of Tony, sitting up straight again before touching Tony’s cock. Tony squirmed as he felt Steve, losing his mind from how great Steve felt. They remained like this, Tony humping his body on Steve’s cock and Steve pushing inside of him, starting out slow before speeding up. Tony whined some more as Steve pushed harder into his body.
“Read it.” Nebula commanded, “you said you knew what he was referring to.”
“Uh, Mr. Lieber? You’re needed in the billiard room, sir.”
Tony took his time looking directly at Bucky who was now looking at him with the sincerest expression.
“W-what happened?” Tony tried, leaning backward in his chair.
Tony scooted out from underneath the robot to walk to a table to retrieve some tools. He turned slightly to leer at Steve before choosing the instrument he needed.
Tony shuffled before looking away. He slowly turned his head to look at Steve again. “…because it was with me, right?” He asked.
“We’ll see you guys later, right?” Clint shouted as he left the lab with Natasha and Thor.
Steve nodded furiously while Tony, still holding onto to Steve, answered that they were fine. As soon as the waiter walked away from their table, Steve pulled his hands away from Tony and coughed. Tony felt an even more aching, sinking feeling as Steve ran a hand through his hair, eyes darting in the direction of the restroom.
“Let’s start with handling the vibranium, shall we?” Tony effortlessly shifted the tone in the conversation as he pulled up the specs of both the vibranium core and the Synergy device. Steve intently scrutinized the holographic images.
Tony shuffled around a bit, expressing curiosity before really responding. To Steve it felt like forever; he began to regret even saying anything about the tour.
“What? Are you paying for dinner, Parker?” Tony interjected, but it was clear he was teasing. Steve nudged him in the arm to get him to relax.
“…everything seemed so abrupt…as if they already had their minds made up and were just waiting for us…” Tony concluded.
“And as was already mentioned, we’ll need to use the device in a few wide-ranging scenarios to see what works and what doesn’t. But I can assure you all that the team assembled by Stark and myself is more than proficient to prove the usefulness of Synergy.”
“…no…I don’t think so…” He responded quietly.
It was later in the evening, and Tony and Steve were standing in the former’s kitchen making dinner for themselves.
Tony laughed to himself.
“Well, uh…what?”
Pepper took another deep breath. “And, Tony. You never really discussed your relationship with your father with me. I know that it causes you stress to talk about it, but I don’t feel like you were ever really open with me…” Tony looked up to see Pepper looking downward across the table. Although her head was turned slightly, Tony could sense that his lack of vulnerability hurt her the most.
Rhodey nearly jumped out of his chair with excitement before he settled with a grin.
Steve took in another short inhale of breath as Tony used his hand to stroke down and up the shaft, taking his time as he used his other hand to massage Steve’s waist. Steve shifted again, his body relaxing as he let Tony feel him. He moaned as Tony squeezed him a little; he then tilted upward to kiss Steve before bending downward again. Tony moved his hand further down Steve’s cock, engulfing Steve with his mouth. The move drew a sharp moan from Steve who instinctively bucked his hips upward into Tony’s mouth.
Tony untangled himself from Steve. He chuckled, pointing to the ceiling as he exited the kitchen.
Tony looked at Steve who looked unbothered by the suggestion. Everyone else murmured in agreement with the plan before naturally wandering to their former pairs and groups. Steve lingered as he watched everyone head to their designated spaces in the warehouse.
“…you’re some date, Rogers…” Tony smiled to himself, “I didn’t get to see you at all this evening, let alone dance.”
“I mean,” Tony handed the plate to Steve, “you can stay as long as you want, Rogers.”
“Cap! You’re such a prude! You’re embarrassed that you woke up—alone, mind you—in Tony’s bed after having a dream—and not that dirty of one—about him, but nothing happened?” Sam chuckled loudly as he held his sides with his arms. Steve scrunched up his face; he got up from the table to wash his cup but mostly to get away from Sam.
Everyone else in the space greeted Clint, but Tony stayed where he was. Steve looked over at him and smiled a little which didn’t help. Tony waved awkwardly, trying to tell himself to remain as cool as possible before he joined the group.
Steve nodded before joining him on the couch. “I’m sorry you’re having trouble trying to sleep, Tony…” He offered as soon as he made contact with the couch, now sitting very close to Tony.
“…I, uh…understand, Steve…” Tony started, trying to remain calm, telling himself not to give up, “but—”
Steve stared back at her unable to contribute before Sharon continued, shrugging. “…I gathered a bit that maybe it was tough for you to talk about…because you haven’t really talked about your last relationship…but then I kind of put two and two together and figured that maybe it might had been Tony…you talk about him and his son a lot…”
Sam chuckled. “Of course, they did. They’re at a private resort for a wedding.”
“Wait, Tony.” Steve interrupted, “…I shouldn’t have read the diary…I really thought I could help somehow…but I should have listened to you…”
“Good morning, Mr. Rogers.”
“I know it’s none of my business, but you got a real hot date there.” Tony looked up to see the bartender, who was polishing a glass, grinning at him. Tony huffed before leaning on his shoulder.
Obadiah leaned forward in his chair. “However, I think an open contract route for the remnants of Synergy’s hardware and software rather than foisting this thing on the government will more than salvage the project…” he looked upward directly at Tony.
“You’re right about how selfish Obie is. But there could be a possibility that he doesn’t even know what he’s getting himself into.” Tony countered.
Tony instantly bucked upward into Steve’s mouth, feeling Steve’s tongue swirl around him. Tony moaned, louder than before as he tried preventing himself from yanking on Steve from how great the sensation felt. Steve licked up and down Tony, feeling his chest with his free hand as the other stroked his cock.
“Turn it up!” Tony shouted back.
Tony pointed to a section of the projection. “I guess that’s where the core should be…”
Steve shuffled a few times on his feet before answering. “I miss you too, Bucky. I’m sorry.”
Steve nodded as he scissored his fingers inside of Tony. Tony squirmed on Steve’s fingers, amazed with how great Steve had become at fingering. Steve kissed Tony’s neck, and Tony gasped with every single movement, whining quietly from the feeling.
Steve nodded with a timid smile as it appeared that something else was on Tony’s mind.
Tony chuckled. “Steve,
Tony continued to grumble as Bruce waited a bit before answering. “Hey,” he started with a shrug, “why don’t you take Steve?”
“Thanks, Bruce.” Steve answered quietly.
Tony chuckled, however before he could tease Steve, he instantly began to wonder if this “guy in college” might have been Bucky. Tony thought quickly; he could either interrogate Steve about his love life before him, ruining an otherwise perfect moment of intimacy he had been dreaming about since he met Steve, or he could just let it go. Besides, he figured Steve would have told him if he had slept with Bucky.
“All of this over a little remote, remarkable.” Thor wondered.
“Steve…I don’t understand you at all…you break up with your girlfriend and then ask me on this trip…what did you think I was going to expect?"
“What happened at the police precinct in New York won’t happen again. The device is more robust than ever.” Tony added with skillful confidence.
“Sorry again for putting you on the spot.” Steve offered as soon as Tony entered. He was still annoyed with himself for forgetting about Peter.
“Shit, baby. I’m definitely going to come if you keep touching me like this.”
Tony gently broke away from Steve to walk toward the island in the middle of the kitchen. He crossed his arms before turning around to face Steve again.
Tony picked up on the hesitancy evident in Hammer’s tone. He took his time before answering. “I had to fire one of my best scientists because he was leaking company secrets to whomever this Thanos is.”
Steve slid both arms around Tony’s waist, nearly knocking them into the table. They made out for a moment before Tony broke away from Steve’s grasp.
“Uh,” Tony started with another cough, “that looks really good on you…”
Over the past week, Steve had finally figured out that Sam had picked up on his attraction to Tony; during the last few weeks, Steve had been torturing his friend with consistent Synergy updates that had more to do with something Tony had done than anything else. Yet, Steve was still too insecure about his feelings to really discuss it; he needed more confirmation from Tony first. If that were a possibility, of course.
Tony laughed, although he felt awkward. He turned around to face Steve. “I go to tech conferences, you’re my teammate. No harm, no foul, Rogers.” He patted Steve on the shoulder before returning to studying the information on his console.
As the tension between the two loosened a little, they chatted a bit longer until their food arrived. Tony caught Pepper up on everything that had happened with him and Peter in the last year since their breakup. Eventually the conversation shifted to Project Synergy.
“Save it, Hammer.” Tony sharply responded, knowing Hammer was mostly interested in replicating Synergy’s hardware and software.
“…I am so embarrassed…” Steve let out as Tony removed his towel before slipping underneath sheets completely naked.
“How’s Peter besides being fine?” Steve asked with a grin, waiting until they were alone again.
Steve handed Tony the tablet back. “Although I’m concerned for our safety, I don’t think Obadiah would put himself in danger. I think when it comes down to it, he would look out for himself over anything else.”
bad.” Tony spun around to face a stern-looking Steve.
Still facing away from Tony, Steve nodded as he plated two plates for himself and Tony. “It’s okay. I don’t mind.”
Sounds good! Meet me in the lab after lunch.
Steve nearly choked from the slap, but he couldn’t help but laugh with Thor. “I’m glad she found you.”
Tony was standing in his bedroom, buttoning the cuffs to his shirt. The last few work days with Steve seemed fine; although the first day was a little awkward, after a while they fell into a comfortable rhythm with each other much like they had when they first started working together. Now, Tony was feeling more confident about his plan and was looking forward to getting some personal time with Steve that night.
Steve sighed as he thought about that day, smiling a little as he remembered that that was also the same day Tony had asked him to try out the team’s safety uniforms.
“I hope my notes are clear,” Bruce handed Steve a tablet, “but you’ll be able to figure all this out. You’re so quick with the device that I have no doubt you’ll be able to pick up assembling specs with Thor and Shuri in case of an emergency.”
Tony scrunched up his face before posing thoughtfully as if he was seriously considering the prospect of time traveling.
Obadiah walked to the middle of the office, declining to take a seat. “Despite this unfortunate accident—” Tony groaned as Obadiah ignored him, “and even though the board is pushing to dismantle Synergy—”
Steve comes in his mouth, spills over his lips and across his cheek and Tony’s eyes close, blissed out and achingly beautiful.
them.
This is what changed:
, Rogers. I thought it was weird, that Stark wasn't coming to the Raft, that he wasn't kicking up a fuss--is he even
"Why would I do that?" Tony asks. Rhodey stares at him, steady and intent. "What do I have to gain from Ross being gone?"
“You’re a goddamn brat,” Steve says, grumpy and Bucky smiles against Rhodey’s shoulder.
aren't alone.
Then Sharon fell into Steve's bed and the hairline fractures gave way.
"He won't let you out," she says. "Not without an explanation."
that he is.
“I’m gonna spread you out on the table. The big one where you like suck on those fucking popsicles while Howard lectures me about my goddamn duty, and I’m gonna fuck you. You’re still loose from the truck stop, could slide right in.”
Rhodey comes against his belly and clings to him and wonders if this is it, the grand romance he’s watched his best friend live and longed for, private and quiet and lonely.
,” Tony snaps, furious suddenly, with her, with Loki, with this fucking room and that knight wearing Steve’s face, and everyone keeping them apart. “I
His breath catches.
“You hated Peggy.”
"Anthony has found another to occupy his time. I suggest, my prince, we do the same."
, Steve. What's that say?"
“How?”
"You've got one chance left--the ruins in the Potomac aren't doing a lot to endear the public. The Avengers trash another city--this is gonna go through." Rhodey looks tired. So tired and bitter, and he hates that look in his friend's eyes. "Saving the world doesn't seem to stack up against property damage, man."
“They don’t care,” he says, insistent and demanding.
Steve hums, and presses a kiss to the nape of Tony's neck, tastes coconut oil from his hands smeared there. "If it does," he says, mildly, "we'll face it."
Tony calls in the middle of the night and he fumbles for the phone.
, that it silences Steve. Because Tony hasn’t looked that carefree and eager since—
Wanda is still, utterly, and Steve very deliberately doesn't look at her.
a man that Peggy trusted could be so damn blind.
“Everything,” Steve agrees.
Steve catches him before he's taken a full step, closing around him in a hug that's all metal and familiar strength and
Steve bolts away.
Only Shuri would treat the Winter Soldier like a puppy who followed her home.
Except the door to his workshop swings open and--
Sam is watching him, and he thinks of lies, lies layered on lies, truths tucked away and hidden, and how much damage that did.
The team is
He’d failed Tony before, fucked it up and broke him and when it came down to the end of things--he hadn’t been able to keep Tony alive.
He's right.
familiar with, growing up. “Thought you were gonna keep outta trouble, now you’re home.” Bucky says, mildly, sipping his beer.
Shoves his hands in his pockets. Rocks on his heels. "You know, Ty told me about the time you seduced him. Rhodey told me when you tried to kiss him. And I never said anything--Ty was a cheating bastard and Rhodey has always been able to take care of himself. But you tried to play those games with Steve, Mama."
And smiles.
He only knows that when he pulls Tony from the car, and Tony’s legs wrap around him, he’s hard and rutting against Steve’s belly with soft little moans that Steve eats from his lips, and swallows down, greedy for everything his boy gives him, always.
"Thaddeus Ross is the American liaison for the Avengers Initiative and the Accords Council," Tony says.
Just shy of begging.
He thinks of the burnt villa and Ty, and shivers, just a little, desperate suddenly for Steve’s touch. “Why are you here?”
Ana slips into the study, and he sits on his heels.
He slips.
"I want to lead the recovery mission."
He had no where to be, really. He wasn’t going back, not to that world where Tony was gone. Marrying Peggy had kept him close and he could
Clint is going cold and distant next to Nat and Thor looks concerned and bemused and Bruce--
He even
Regal.
“Not much? Father was pushing for me to marry. Removing Steve from the Keep was supposed to make me focus on that princely duty. Why?”
To strike, if the opportunity presents.
This is what changed:
He's in the middle of the debrief when Rhodey comes back.
It's the way that Steve sucks on his tongue while he gathers long dark hair in his hand and tugs, and Tony whines, breaks away panting while Steve nips his way down his throat to press a kiss to that spot--he whines, his cock twitching in his breeches as Steve's hands stroke over him, his mouth moves so sure and familiar and it's--
Steve looks at him. The safe house is too small for them to have personal space, and he'd never really wanted it from Bucky--it's familiar and comforting to have him sleeping in the same tiny cramped bedroom.
an answer for that.
He finds Tony in the conference room at three a.m., surrounded on all sides by reams of paper and holoscreens glowing in front of him. DUM-E is even here, nudging at the piles, out of place so far from the 'shop.
He says, softly, “Ty won’t turn up, will he.”
It makes sense, looking back, the way that Tony would flinch away from conversation about his father and the fear in his eyes, the worry and hopelessness he sometimes showed, when they were tired and talking about the future.
Obie opens his mouth, and the king shakes his head. "But there is no war to wage here. The only deaths owed are the sellswords and Lord Stone, and they are already dead." He looks at Obie then, and Obie hears the knight move, the rustle of armor shifting, and something wet against his throat.
himself into Steve’s arms, sobbing, and he doesn’t believe him, when he says that he’s safe, doesn’t believe him, when he says that it won’t happen again. But he clings and his eyes are wide open and staring into the light.
She can see it, if she closes her eyes. The way Howard had wheezed, and the meaty noise of Captain Roger's fists hitting his face, the furious shouting from Stane doing nothing to drown it out, and his scrabbling hands doing nothing to slow Rogers down.
She's indispensable, brilliant and beautiful and doesn't take any of his shit.
There were no more secrets, he thinks, a little frantically.
He turns away before any of them can respond, and Steve is left standing surrounded by his team, with more questions than he had to begin with and the one burning in his throat like bile is,
"I support compliance with the Accords, however best that suits the people of this country and the earth,
Howard huffs, and Tony tenses. “You have until the first of the month, Tony. Make the right decision.”
“Explain to me how this happened?” Tony says sharply. It’s tilted up, just enough that’s it’s not an
argue.
Tony watches her and she huffs. Pulls a folded letter from the folds of her gown. It's old, yellowed and aged, and her seal is--that's the blue and silver of Pepper's duchy, not the reds and golds of the royal family. He blinks at it and she says. "I wrote this before we wed. I didn't know if I'd ever need it. But--"
“It’s going to be ok, Tones,” Rhodey says. “You know he loves you. Just hold on, ok?”
“There was a bombing in Japan,” he says, “And two Korean diplomats were assassinated. The authorities think they’re connected.”
to retire and make you my trophy husband. But I think we have to."
That familiar funny heartbeat trips and goes fast, and there’s the meaty sound of flesh hitting flesh.
“When,” he asks, gasps out, and Rhodey’s hand on his arm is all that’s holding him together.
“You’d stay with him, knowing what you’ll cost him.”
"If it's not a serious threat, the Council might ignore it," Steve says, hard and tight.
, Rhodey is
The road trip is Steve’s idea and Tony’s, a chance for Bucky to reconnect with the world and with Steve.
It’s two weeks and every night, Rhodey crawls into bed next to Bucky and they whisper in the dark of their hotel room.
It shouldn't be a surprise, and it shouldn’t
When boarding school was brought up, he  threw a fit so massive Peggy didn’t speak to him for a week and Howard came at him before he remembered who exactly Steve was.
The warm kiss Bucky welcomes him home with.
Steve hesitates--
It makes Tony smile. Steve was his knight
“Why are you frowning?”
and maybe he isn’t, and maybe you would never hurt him. But if you ever do, you’ll never see the inside of a jail--I’ll make sure your dead before you have a chance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ll ruin him. Just as much as he’s ruined you.”
“Pretty little slut,” Steve breathes.
Tony doesn’t ask how he knows about the nightmares and Fury almost looks disappointed. He opens the envelope and a stack of crime scene photographs spill out.
Wanda huffs and stalks away, magic trailing from her fingers and Tony shivers.
"You aren't denying it," the queen says, suddenly. "The attempt to kill my child--you aren't denying it."
“I’m leaving,” Tony says, easy, carefree.
, loved him with a fierce obsessive madness that scared him sometimes, except Tony--
Steve kisses him every morning, before he leaves for work, murmurs, “They can’t hurt you again, sweetheart.”
life.”
Steve cleaned himself up with his shirt, a faded old thing from a picnic Peggy had dragged him to, and dropped it on the floor before he brushed a kiss over Tony’s sweat slick forehead and swiped a finger through his come, licked it from his finger. “When you’re legal, baby.”
He reaches for his phone. “Director Carter,” he says, roughly.
They finish the muffin in silence, and then she stands, fidgeting a little. "My buyer isn't gonna come--not when you're here."
Dinner is fine. Obadiah is there, and he’s usually able to redirect some of Howard’s bullshit. Mama is there, and she’s quietly drunk, and smiles too wide and laughs too light and airy, when Steve makes a joke, but Tony doesn’t think anyone notices.
"It is when Ross is the head of the oversight committee. When someone like Pierce or the WSC is."
, wants to keep him the way he keeps Rhodey, and he doesn’t know how to do that, if Rhodey hates Steve.
"There's no body. We think--it was a rocket launcher, Rhodes. It was an ambush. They wanted him."
"I know. Six years. But--" she bites her lip and says, softly. "He doesn't let many people see him like that. Rhodey. Me and Peter. Pepper. But not even Justin has seen him after an engineering binge." She steals a bite of his muffin and Steve nudges it toward her. "You must mean a lot to him," she says finally.
"I married you knowing who you belonged to, Tony. I knew what I was doing then, and I know what I'm doing now."
"There's a lot of
Clint doesn't quite nod his approval, but he smiles, tight and pleased, and that's something.
, has been since that first mission, since they shoved into each other's space and snarled.
He's irrationally angry--he wants to be the one chasing Tony.
Tony stares at it for a long long moment, and then his gaze darts up, collides with Fury’s and the patient kind of waiting he sees there.
There’s no scarring, but--
She makes an unhappy noise and his gaze snaps up to hers.
What happened to them, in there? Steve wonders again.
"You could stay," Steve says, as Tony gets ready to leave with an twisting belly and a pounding headache.
He still isn't sure what happened. There was just--
and he can feel the glare that Steve is giving him.
“You never said it would get to
"What if there's another way," Steve says, gently.
"Spain," she says, and her gaze fixes on him, bright and piercing, at odds with the way her lips curve in a smile, at odds with the loose pliancy of her posture. "I think we should leave it to the Council."
Tony is the man who destroyed the Avengers.
He’s staring at Steve now, all sharp-edged impatience and Steve--Steve nods. Stands and glances at Bucky. “You comin’?”
Tony has nightmares, too. It’s worse, he thinks, than his own nightmares, because he can’t protect Tony from them, can’t keep him from what happened to him in that pretty white house on the water.
The Winter Soldier stands at his right, all but his unsettling eyes hidden behind his visor.
She's quiet, and then, "Yes, Boss. Shall I set the meeting for tomorrow?"
He had. Because he
"I figured. We've been combing the hills, but as soon as you're ready, you have control."
Tony hesitates, just once. Because he remembers Steve's fury, the blows he didn't pull on the airport tarmac. He remembers the fear facing Barnes.
"But--"
"You gonna stop ignoring me?"
Tony, eyes unfocused and bright red blooming across his cheek, curled around his belly.
It goes sideways because Tony's fists tighten when Bucky comes out of the base, blood soaked and wild-eyed, and Wanda's hands brighten with red mist magic and he doesn't know--
“He jumped into an actual dumpster?” Sam asks, frowning at him.
“He’s gonna be in surgery for a few months,” Happy says.
“How is this possible?” she asks, finally, and Tony twitches, blinks at her.
Maria calls when the news about the fire breaks, and when Tony refuses her calls, she comes to the apartment, slim and lovely in a floral sundress and wide brimmed hat, her eyes catching hungry on Steve before they flick to Tony.
Tony is drugged and there is the assumption that he was raped.
"You still haven't said why," Maria says and Tony huffs.
Jarvis stares down at the sticky water blood, the way it's stained his hands red and can remember so many afternoons on his knees, cleaning up Anthony's blood. This is the first time someone hurt Howard, for daring to touch Anthony.
"The payoff--was it worth lying to us?"
"I'm alive," he says.
The first time he saw the prison, he was terrified and confused and
Neither of them look happy about it, but they agree and Tony stands.
It's been three days and the team is finally beginning to believe that they're safe, that they can breathe in the warm air of Wakanda and not worry about being thrown back into the Raft.
"I hated it," Steve says, softly. "Every goddamn day of it, sweetheart."
Steve is quiet, watching Tony pack, and then he's sliding into bed, curling up against Steve's broad warm chest and familiar arms wrap around him, holding him steady as Tony sprawls against him. "I don't have to go," he says, softly.
But he still hurt.
"It's on the bottom of the ocean now, so yeah. I'd say we won that one," Tony says. He shrugs in the face of their fury and Steve wants to move, wants to flank him and support him and he
Steve marries Tony in a public spectacle to rival a royal wedding.
“He loves you too,” he says one night, when Tony is panting in the dark.
“Funny thing, Stark. You came home and didn’t mention it, like you thought it was gonna go away. And these bodies turned up in a warehouse downtown.”
Rhodey flicks through three files, and then groans. "Shut it down, FRI," he orders, and rolls back into his pillows, closing his eyes. "I want to sleep."
"They want to register us," she says.
It isn’t that he’s in love. It’s only--he’s Tony’s best friend, and he’s never wanted it any other way. But sometimes, standing in the shadow of their love affair is a lonely sort of business.
Tony shifts, his heel brushing against Steve’s cock. He doesn’t actually want sex, but it does what he wants--brings Steve’s gaze up, bright and intent on him. “Why are we worried about Asian politics?”
When Anthony was eight, Howard broke his nose, and beat Tony until he finally stopped screaming. It's the last time Jarvis can remember the young sir screaming, the last time he ever reacted to Howard's abuse.
There's a guilty silence, and he gets it suddenly.
"You did hire Lord Stone to send his guardsmen in Asgardian armor, and the Shieldlords leathers, to kill my heir. Did you not?"
Tony loved him, matched him in all his devotion.
It's different from the smiles he directs at Fury in debriefs and consult appointments, two parts mocking, three parts self-deprecating, and the banter is sharp and fast and cutting, but always, always, Tony laughs, the high pitched giggle he gives when he's happy and not just preforming, and Fury's lips twitch, never quite smiling, but happier than he usual is.
"Sam is going to head down with me. Will I--will you be there?" he asks.
Steve catches her eyes, bright and warm and Bucky, relaxed and solid at his side, and Tony's almost offended, hesitant smile, and he takes a breath.
He is so tired.
He stepped into the living quarters with Steve, relaxed and happy in a way he hadn't realized he missed, until he was here, shoulders and tie loose and Wanda Maximoff was there, watching him with big, hostile eyes from across the room, her hands tight on the counter, a sheen of red in her gaze.
how public Tony is making this.
It’s expensive and it lingered on Steve’s skin for days, after Tony went back to MIT, a phantom caress.
"You are gonna get me into so much trouble," he accuses.
--crashing down on Tony's, and it's not a kiss, not really, it's too desperate and sloppy for that, all tongue and teeth and sobbing noise that Tony has no fucking
He meets Tony five minutes before he meets Steve Rogers, and later Jim will understand that it’s how they work, how they’ve always existed, one following the other.
Steve doesn’t say anything about his quiet mood, and Tony doesn’t say anything about what he knows.
He knows that it’s tense, that Pepper is upset, that he needs to fix this.
when they fuck. Tony wakes him twice in three days from nightmares with a low ramble that eventually breaks through the ice and memories, until he’s blinking at Tony with tear sheened eyes and Tony scrambles to him, holds him until the worst has past.
“He cares about me,” Tony says, softly.
He rides cradles against Steve’s broad chest, and it’s dangerous, he knows it is.
"Had to talk to Rhodey," he says.
She smiles, and it’s mocking and sad, and he watches her go.
Seven months, since he spent any time in his workshop.
He squares his shoulders and strides forward, and he's only a little bit surprised when Bucky falls in at his side, silently ghosting along like he belongs there, and Steve let's out a slow breath.
He's sure Tony will tell him about the accords eventually.
It's different from the smile he gets, on movie night, a drowsy, content thing that appears when he's curled up with Bruce or Nat or a blanket he drags from one of the hidey holes he's built into the penthouse, where blankets so soft they feel like clouds are squirreled away.
Christine pauses. There's a thick tension and she says, softly, "You've been there, haven't you?"
He curls around Tony in the dark and Tony drifts asleep to the sound of Steve’s breathing and his own, and wakes to the silent shaking of the bed and wet trails against his neck and hands that leave bruises in the dark, until he squirms around and holds Steve against the dark, and the restless nightmares fade in the silence of the night and Tony’s soft promise, “I’m here, sweetheart. I’m here. You’re safe.”
He wants Steve to
Steve Rogers and all the rest.
“And our boy?”
mean. A crescent shaped blade, he thinks, and almost loses it altogether, laughing.
"We can, but we're gonna talk first," Steve says, easily.
is your responsibility.”
They had. They signed the Accords and the world promptly went to shit. "You aren't Ironman anymore," he adds, even though the words feel wrong on his tongue.
"The suit you destroyed," Sam says.
“I didn’t mean nothing by it, alright? I didn’t know. Just--I’m real sorry, man,” he babbles, and then--
He should never doubt Steve, doubt their lives together. But as Tony sobs through his orgasm, shuddering in Steve's lap, hands tight on his shoulders, Steve
to explain--but he couldn't not at least give Tony the option of knowing.
and it was,” Steve huffs, smiles a bitter little thing that Tony
His smile is bright, shark sharp and challenging, and Steve wonders when the hell Tony started smiling at them with armor on, when he started protecting himself from the people he called team.
Steve seals the deal when he fucks Tony against the floor to ceiling windows, the ones too high for anyone to see them, with the city sprawled out at Tony's feet while Steve sucks bruises into his neck and fucks him with an aching slowness that makes Tony sob and writhe on his cock, desperate for more before Steve's big hands clamp down on his hips, holding him still, forcing him to take exactly what Steve will give him.
Obie strides through the gathered lords, the kings and their attendants from around the Six. A knight stands near the dais, in armor that he doesn't recognize, and he frowns a little.
About Howard and the ultimatum, about the casual disgust he treated Tony with, about Tony curled on the ground, hands braced protectively around his head.
They spent two days burying those bodies, and Bucky didn't talk for a week, after.
It’s not quite a blessing. But it’s closer than he’s ever gotten before, and Tony smiles at Rhodey, bright and pleased, before he stumbles to bed and crawls into Steve’s warm arms.
It's been two
He’s a shameless little slut, bratty and demanding and so fucking hungry for it, that sometimes even with the serum, Steve can’t keep up.
He sits in the throne room, later, and Pepper sits at his left. There's blood still on the flagstones--he thinks maybe it's stained there, that it'll never truly come out.
He blinks the thoughts away, focuses on Steve.
Steve stares at the director, the one that Peggy chose and trained and he wonders how the
“Fine. You’ll go with me.”
The genius behind the curtain had been Tony long enough that Stane didn't care about Howard, except for the fact that Howard still held the reins.
They are enemies.
"When you were fourteen, you built a siege engine. Ran the damn thing on magic, and when I said that, you threw a pair of pliers at my head, shouted about science and a new energy source. That magic had no place in your workshop. You blew up the tower, and your father sent you on a royal tour of the far holdings of the kingdom. You complained the whole way and stole my gloves every damn day, and I never saw anything as beautiful as you were, standing over the Iron mines, when you were dusted with soot and snow and so nosy with questions you almost got us thrown off the mountain. I kissed you for the first time after my melee--but that's when I fell in love with you, Anthony Stark."
The Iron Keep sent three units, a fifteen thousand soldiers strong, to fight a war they had no interest in. The Sviets fielded the Howlers, the Wolf King leading them. It was a three day battle that killed ten thousand Ironborn, and left Steve lost to the field.
The only thing that changed was the king's guard, the Knight of Stars taking his place at Tony's side and in his bed.
Tony frowns. "Did I do what?"
Bucky ignores that, nudges the pizza at her. “What are you looking for, Pegs?”
He’s freer in the quiet moments too, dropping absent-minded kisses against Tony’s hair while he reads, playing with Tony’s fingers while they eat, rubbing his feet when they’re watching the news.
Well. That little shit, Rhodes had, beat the hell out of Tiberius Stone a year back, but he was an outlier.
--that it is.
, crosses the room in giant strides to yank Tony forward, into his arms, his mouth--oh god and Tesla, his
Steve thinks Tony must be very tired a lot of the time.
"These are the Accords," Rhodey says, slowly. His gaze flicks away from them to where Tony is fidgeting, radiating anxiety. "Why are you working on the Accords?"
the voice insists.
He smiles.
“Everything.” Tony echoes, groaning when he grinds Steve’s cock against his prostate.
He shrugs. He
He moves, jerks forward and it’s Loki who stops him, Peter who holds him still.
“What the hell do you do when a loose cannon controls a weapon of mass destruction,” he murmurs, and rubs his forehead.
It didn’t matter, really. She kissed him and she took him to bed and three months later, when Tony was a newborn in his arms and Peggy was smiling at his side, and it all made
Tony comes home, and they’re sitting on the table. He pauses in the middle of pouring coffee, staring at them, a silent accusation, and the clock ticks quiet in the background.
His hand trembles a little, as they reach the garage, and Steve catches his hip, guides him forward until they’re standing by his old bike, the one that Tony is a little surprised to see still running. “Steve. I can’t,” he says, helpless, and Steve smiles, softly.
"What the hell was that?"
“And if those people are threats to Tony?”
Not the tense empty quiet that it's been for two long years--a humming quiet, that wraps around him, curls close and chants,
. A kiss that’s dirty and grounding and a promise of forever, not just a fuck.
“You have a queen now. An heir,” Steve says.
"If I leave you for her," Tony says one night and Steve laughs.
“You don’t get it,” Rhodey says. “Tony didn’t steal anything. Steve had to be yours to be stolen. He never was.”
The night it changes.
What is there to say,
Steve slips into the room like a ghost, and his heart does this delicious little tumble, a familiar response to him, and Tony makes a noise, low in his throat as the other man pauses, staring at him.
know. But I hope to hell that he can undo the damage that the SHRA will cause. I ain't living through a second holocaust."
Bucky rolls out bed, fumbling for his pants.
He breathes.
The gun presses violent between his teeth and --
"That doesn't concern you."
They don’t get this often, this kind of freedom from SI and Peggy, from school and the demands of a busy world.
Howard lets himself into his office and pauses. Stares at Rogers. “Where is Tony?” he asks, and Rogers smiles.
Steve squeezes his hand, a quick quiet reassurance, and Tony leans up, and presses a kiss to the underside of his jaw.
throw yourself on that field, cannot abandon your queen to go to him.”
There’s a beat of silence that lasts forever and then, “Sir, this is Ellen Reed at Liberty Assisted Living. I’m calling--”
The thin band of ancient iron, the first rings the Iron Queens wore for their kings, before the Starks were the richest kingdom in the Six, when they were miners and ironmongers, when they dreamt still of everything they could be.
Stane doesn't bother Tony.
He’d just jerked off to the delicious sight of him, and he’d talked, a steady stream of filth to the sound of Tony moaning. And when he’d finally let himself come, it was because of Tony, because of the hitching little sobs he’d been giving up and the way he’d gasped so high and startled and come, all untouched, just from Steve jacking his cock and telling him how bad he wanted to lick his pretty hole.
, Steve is
He has no idea what they could even say.
Mind the updated tags, friends.
"Who did you trust in SHIELD," Tony asks, and it hurts, because it's true and they know it. They
Christine doesn't even flinch. She's too used to his shit to buy it now. "Do you have a comment about the Accords Council interning enhanced individuals in an offshore supermax prison that seems to be completely off the books?"
, the world
Tony hides against his side and Rhodey hum, soft and soothing, while the night deepens.
"Easy, honey," Steve croons, hands up like he's approaching a skittish horse, eyes fixed firmly on Tony's. "You're ok."
," she says, and he bolts to throw up, messy and burning, tears stinging his eyes.
“What the hell are you
, he can hear it echoing still, the way Rhodey gasped his name.
Pepper has always deserved so much more than he could give to her. “Pep--”
He’s staring at the camera, his blue gaze piercing and intent, and Tony feels
“We’ve got a problem, Carter,” he says. “And you’re gonna need to be read in on what happened last year.”
“Peggy.”
Sometimes, when they’re out, Bucky will reach out, his fingers brushing over the plane of Sam’s stomach, over the smooth stretch of skin where he knows Riley’s name sits. Sam goes still, always, when it happens, his gaze tracking his boyfriend.
“T’Challa has asked to see us,” Sam says, and Steve glances at him. Two years in Wakanda--when they’re lucky--and on the run has changed the man, scraped away so much of the shine that first caught Steve’s eye.
"Your quarters have been moved one floor--the New Avengers took the main level when we were still confidant you wouldn't get pardoned. If you don't like your apartment, please talk to my assistant, he'll be happy to help."
It still stings. It's true.
She stares at him, wide eyed and Tony smiles, a sharp dangerous thing. "You don't understand what Steve means to me. And maybe--maybe if I explained it, you'd change. But I shouldn't have to. Not to you. You're my
His voice is empty and flat and he is
and pain bursts, starbright and hot against his temple--slammed into the chair, he thinks, distantly--and Howard is speaking, spit is flying from his lips but he can’t--he can’t
"Yeah, baby, we'd win. But there's no fight. It's--I expected there to be one. I expected to have to prove something. But profits are up, the Board seems happy--even Stane is keeping his mouth shut. It's just--easy." He frowns. "It's almost too easy."
“What is it?” he asks, and Sam shrugs.
When he is spent and Steve has fussed over him, cleaned him and curled him against his broad chest, when he's fed Tony and is content to rest and close his eyes, Steve asks. "What about Pepper?"
“Daddy,
--we'll hate you."
"I know you don't believe this, but I'm not lying to you. I'm doing what I have to."
Loves him so much it hurts, sometimes.
Mention of rape and drugging.
He thinks about everything Howard is threatening, and Tony lies sleeping in his arms, the first and only peace he's ever managed to find. Howard would destroy it. For optics, for the fucking stock prices. He'd destroy Tony, destroy this fragile fierce thing they've built, all because he's jealous and petty and *small.
"Neither of you are real good at lying," Bucky says, lazily and Steve’s shocked gaze swings to his best friend. That familiar glint he’s seen for
But there’s a slight limp, barely there. There’s a vague
He sucks Steve off in the shower, dresses and shoves him out the door, and avoids the conversation that night, until Steve finally pins him to the couch.
“Maybe,” Steve says, even and furious. “But until that happens and he walks away--get the fuck outta our home.”
It's Steve's idea. "You could have a real workshop there. And room for a few more bots."
"That didn't seem strange to anyone?"
"What did Ross want?" Steve asks, instead of chasing that thought.
God he was so old and so tired and had hurt Tony so deeply.
Oh and hey look who is that who just showed up?
Today he wants this--Tony spread out like a feast, hips clamped in Steve’s hands as he fucks him, hard and rough, just the right side of too much while Tony’s cock bounces against his belly and tears leak from the corner of his eyes. He wants Tony’s whimpers a delicious duet with his filthy groans, his desperate
He tries very hard to convince himself things are better this way, lying in an empty bed, the taste of lipstick and Sharon on his lips and his arms aching for a man he doesn't have the right to touch.
After he's done what he said he'd never do, when he's broken the Avengers. He sits next to Tony in the 'shop that's quiet and empty without JARVIS and it aches, the grief of losing his first best child, his partner.
“I, uh. I made it.”
and Steve had been
It's the only time he did, Peggy's death the only reason he couldn't resist.
“Yeah, sweetheart. I’ll get Pepper on it, huh?”
"Of course, Mr. Secretary. Let me know if you need--" Tony says, his voice dripping sincerity and it makes Steve do a double take.
Thor smiles, as Loki pushes him to their bed, and sprawls across it, carefree and beautiful and Loki leans down, slits the laces of his breeches with a too sharp knife, just to see Thor's eyes brighten.
He tells them, “Anthony E. Stark has someone with him."
"If it helps at all--I don't think he wanted this. Tony. He wants us to be better. He never wanted this."
“Not until you’re legal,” he says, when Tony calls him drunk and horny and desperate and Tony snarls.
"Broken jaw, shattered orbital bone, a broken nose. He's got a minor skull fracture," the doctor reports, and Howard would
"Was it worth it?" Natasha asks again, and this time her voice is gentle. He glances at her, at the way she's loose, relaxed against the chair, a small curl at the corners of his lips that's so unfamiliar it
He can’t imagine the Avengers without Tony. He doesn’t want to.
"My house is on the bottom of the Pacific," Tony reminds him and Rhodey huffs. It's, admittedly, a weak argument.
There are riots and unrest that only settles when the people realize--nothing changes.
“Have you heard?” Rhodey asks, abruptly. Tony rolls to his back and scrubs at his eyes. He’d stayed up too late, working on an upgrade for Pete’s suit and Rhodey storming in this early, sharp and angry isn’t unfamiliar enough to burn away the cobwebs quickly.
Even the nightmares have slowed, for both of them. He only dreams about killing Stone once or twice a week, and those aren’t nightmares at all.
That voice--it's so familiar, so beloved, so strange to hear.
“What are you going to do?” Steve asks, blurts out, can’t help but demand.
"Wait, you're gonna what?" Sam says, flatly.
"Ready?" Steve--her frown deepens--says, off screen.
“It’s your birthday!” he says, and Steve huffs.
It wasn't meat. It was
He doesn’t go
“I have a partner,” Tony corrects, because that broken bitter in Steve’s eyes is painful, to look at, to have directed at him. “Pepper has always known my heart belonged to you.”
"And you're going to let him."
, and Tony murmurs, “You hurt him. For me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve doesn’t even want him to fight. But he feels strange, still, wrong-footed and off-balance when he goes to fight or debrief and there’s a gaping hole at his shoulder.
The time he came from
"You need to see this," Sam says, his voice tight and angry and Steve straightens from where he's slouched against Bucky. He glances at his best friend, and then rises and follows Sam into the tiny living room of their safe house, where Wanda is curled in tense ball of anger, glaring at the screen.
Barnes is watching him with pale blue eyes, vibrating with a subtle tension, but relaxed in a way that he doesn’t expect. Sam is looking at Rhodey like he's fucking
“He’s protective,” Rhodey says, his voice that mild disinterest that Tony doesn’t believe for a second.
“I know that if he is alive, this--we--will change. But not yet. Please,” she says, and he nods. Takes her hand and holds it between his own, until she leans into him, her head pillowed against his shoulder, as they wait.
“Where did you get this,” Steve breathes and the boy shifts, a little.
He wonders what the hell they see. Pushes the thought aside and takes a breath.
Howard had told him this was dangerous-that letting Tony near Rogers was a recipe for disaster, but he hadn’t expected the casualties to include
Steve hit like a goddamn truck, Howard thinks.
“Tattoo. I got it right after I got out,” he says, easy, like he isn’t baring a part of himself, squishy and vulnerable, to Tony’s curious gaze.
know it.
who is making. Steve's hands are tight on his hips, bruising tight handholds dragging him close even as Steve presses him into the door and it's--
he wants, everything he had, in a place so familiar that when he closes his eyes, he can almost pretend that seven years haven't passed.
"Should I have?"
He knew it and when he held Tony for the first time, saw that familiar shade of chocolate whiskey, he
His shoulders come up and his head comes up and a smile, radiant and demanding, tilts up his lips, and Jim blinks because he’s so different than the shy little thing that had just been standing there, it’s a special sort of whiplash.
They move into the penthouse downtown three months after Tony becomes CEO, when Rhodey has returned to the Air Force and Stane has muttered about appearances often enough that Tony had snarled at him.
"He put you in a wheelchair," Tony says, and there's a layer of self-loathing under the brittle fury and it's
"For seven
When he wakes again, the tube is gone, but the panic is still there, starbright and suffocating.
“Where did you find them?” he asks, and Steve steps out of the shadows he’s been lurking in.
He misses them, even if he knows it’s best for them to be with their families.
"I've been waiting for three hours," Steve says, tired. He isn't even angry--he almost wishes he
Tony was brilliant, there was no denying that, but he was so--arrogant. So
It’s been a long time since he’s seen Rhodes, but he looks the same--tall and broad, muscular and severe, with eyes that are both stern and exasperated and silently amused.
He tosses his coffee and says, "Come on, boss wants me back downtown. Let's get you home."
Tony funnels money, to the boy in Queens, but keeps his distance. There are no children. Steve doesn’t want them. He told her, once, when Tony was six, that he wasn’t a father, and he thinks he would be--if that were what Tony wanted, he would be. But Tony is a jealous little thing, demanding and bratty even as the years stretch around them, and he’s never wanted to share Steve, not with lovers or friends or children.
like it.
It’s different from that night on the farm.
, into that room, into pitch black and hands that wouldn’t quit touching him, wouldn’t quit
It’s dark and the melee field has cleared, all the spectators wandered away, before they come.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looks at her, and hesitates. Because she’s pale and she’s furious, but she’s trembling, too, a fine little shudder that he only notices because they’ve been working together, friend and lovers and something between the two, for so long now he
He only knows when Tony flies away, it's because Rhodey is pulling on him, and the suit is dented and there is blood on Bucky’s mouth, and Steve can't stop watching.
Steve nods, shrugs a little. Bucky is leaning against the counter next to his boyfriend, and while Sam looks disbelieving, Bucky’s got that look on his face that Steve knows too well, Patient and grumpy both. It’s a look he became
the model.
They are
It doesn't make sense. The words, he
"You heard me, General. And if you don't trust me, you're more than welcome to search my digital records--if you can find someone who can read and actually understand them."
, is the thing. "You coulda called if your meetings were gonna run over."
Tony explains it and Steve--Steve
Rhodey doesn't say anything, waiting, and Tony sighs. "I can't protect my world
Tony stares at it, at the picture of Nomad.
The girl smiles, and takes a step back.
familiar and beloved even after all these years.
"But did you have a hand in it?" Ross demands.
Steve swallows, and it feels like too much and not enough, when he says, “I’d kill him, for you.”
Almost felt like he belonged.
"You have done your duty. To her and the kingdom. Go, my king."
What he'll do if he says yes.
“From the very
They both lead the team, but Natasha is much better at the whole political maneuvering, even with her performance on Capitol Hill.
"What do you mean?"
"He supports the Accords."
“You know?” he whispers, and something in his chest cracks open when Rhodey shrugs.
Tony flips through and his hand trembles, once, when he sees a body that
“I didn’t exactly go looking for trouble,” Steve protests.
want to do,” Bucky says, like he hasn’t said it already a dozen times.
He steps forward,steps away from his new team, the team he has built and recruited to replace the one who turned on him and smiles, sharp and cold.
She takes another sip of sherry, almost trembling at the thought.
There's silence on the other end of the comms, Rhodey isn't shouting back at him, not anymore, but as he dives, racing gravity time the fucking
it and Obie is leaning, arms crossed and a smile on his lips, small and patient, and Tony whimpers.
The second time--
of this is what I wanted,” he snaps, furious suddenly, “You
He’d left the shirt and Tony still handcuffed and the next morning, Tony was sitting at the breakfast table across from Peggy when Steve came back from his run, in faded sleep pants and that damn shirt and he’d smiled, a private thing at the reminder of his promise.
“So now he’s away--you know the deadline--”
“I’ll catch you,” Steve promises.
It's what he's been raised for, what Tony has known was inevitable for most of his life. There'd been a brief moment when Howard's threats over Steve and Tony's continued involvement with him had cast that future in shadow--but this had always been his birthright.
"I hustle dealers who are where they shouldn't be, I don't run from the fucking cops," Clint snaps, grasping feebly for his coffee.
"He shows up in our apartment again, we feed him coffee and I try to talk him into taking me back."
This is what changed:
Apologies for my long absence--August was a little crazy IRL.
Steve doesn't answer that. He doesn't
Howard was...he was impatient and he was bitter. She saw it when he looked at her, when she looked her age and rage spasmed across his face. She saw it when SI was passed over for a military contract, because the weapons test didn't go well.
“I destroyed the suits, Rhodes. What did you think that meant?”
The only thing that changed is that they are happy, truly happy, at last.
Rhodes makes a face. “Tones is
Except he didn’t. Not really.
Maria wanders through it quietly and when she looks at him, her eyes are tear-sheened and hurt.
Tony wonders if that’s because of Steve, but doesn’t wonder too deeply because of
Stane, drink loose in one hand, leaning against the bar, watching them.
The video plays out, and the man he loves stands at his side, quiet, so fucking quiet.
"Shouldn't you be in better shape?" Steve asks skeptically.
Rhodey’s heart lurches, and he twists, smiles up at Bucky, at the little smirk he’s directing down, and says. “Pretty cocky, big guy. Thinkin’ I’ll still be at your side then.”
"Boss," FRIDAY says, softly. "You can't go alone. It's dangerous."
, tucking a case further under her chair as she scowls at him. "You aren't supposed to be here," she grumbles.
“Gonna wanna be real careful there, Tones. He’s real possessive, that one. And I don’t think he’s gonna like it too much, when he finds out what Howard is.”
But Steve didn’t push. Not even on the nights when he slept in Tony’s bed, shivering in the clutches of his own nightmares.
He breathes.
"A dossier, sir," she says, "Boss has called an Assemble at noon tomorrow."
” Loki snaps, harsh and shocking. “And you are
Some things are forever.
Her lips twitch and her eyes gleam, furious, but she doesn’t argue. They
"Try harder," Clint advises and Steve pauses, in the middle of finishing his coffee.
Steve points at him, pleased, and Sam's scowl deeps.
(See the end of the chapter for
Horrible. Dark circles under dark eyes, tousled dark hair, smears of something sticky and dark across his chin and knuckles, and he sways a little, when he sees Steve, uncertain.
Rhodey pauses, staring at it.
“Whatever happened to them,” he says, carefully, watching the way Steve goes very still and tense, “it’s nothing more than they deserve.”
Steve finds the pictures, in the end.
"I want my family safe," Tony says. "How do you think they fit into that, these days?"
Because he's not the whipping boy here. He wanted, so badly, to be. To take that so Tony wouldn't.
But this--
"The newspaper says it was a sniper," Steve says, instead of arguing and Tony kind of melts into Steve.
“What if I applied for the NYPD?” he says one morning, over pancakes and Sam gives him a supremely unimpressed stare.
He smiles.
streets and airports they destroyed.” She shakes her head. “They have the good will of America, because it’s hard to hate someone rescuing children, Tony.”
It’s leisurely. Tony is syrup sweet and languorous in his sweat, curling sideways and wrapped around Steve’s arm as they zip down the highway.
Everything
He looks like his world is ending, like he’s a cruel word from shattering.
“Pep,” he starts, stricken.
But it wasn't the same. There was always something--someone--missing, and now...
but he was hurting Bucky, was here where he wasn’t invited, was--
Steve stares at him, at the blood dripping down, the gore and bone splattered on the wall behind him.
. But. "Why is this important to you?"
Then Barnes slams him through a wall and he realizes just how outclassed he is.
He doesn’t say anything. There is nothing to say.
Tony makes a choked noise, and his smile falters, shatters, becomes something
The War Dog smiles at him, all teeth and no warmth. "The king requires your presence in the throne room, my lord," Rhodes says and Stane huffs.
Tony doesn't like early mornings, and Steve slips out when he still sleeps, more often than he doesn't. But sometimes. When he's stayed up all night in his workshop. When he surprises Morgan with breakfast. When Dumee begs for a walk while the sun is still rising, he'll wander past the training fields, where the Keep's guards and the queensguard train, and he'll hear it.
Stane never attempts to take SI because Steve quietly puts him in the ground.
this kid’s family is, and why the hell he’s here by himself.
. Barnes isn't the fucking Hulk."
Howard, fist raised, face set in fury, looming over him.
He's so fucking wet and--"Dripping for me," Steve mutters, scooping Tony's come up and pushing it into his hole where it's loose and fluttering. "Like a fucking cunt."
"Why'd you quit?" Rhodey asks, and Tony looks at him, and he wants to drink, and knows, knows with a certainty born of experience, that drinking this deep in his own grief is a horrible idea.
It’s not how he wanted to handle it--but it’s done.
"Oversight isn't a bad thing," Tony says, taking a too hot sip of coffee and Rhodey winces for him.
Steve
Bruce Banner gives a clumsy awkward wave and leans a little into Thor, standing at his side. "Hello," he says, softly. "We're uh. We're back."
T’Challa sits across from Steve, and smiles. “My friends. You are going home.”
"I'm not trying to get anyone arrested--all I want is for my family to be safe. For the world to be safe. That's it."
It's easier than he expects, to step into the role of CEO.
"He'll be there. There's no way in hell Tony will let the Council sit it out, not if his weapons are involved. He's spent too many years burning through every cache he can find. And the squids--" she shakes her head, rueful. "He'll be there."
, where they are safe and happy--but he doesn't know that there's anywhere he wants this.
“Boss’ll make it up to both of you,” the lazy voice promises, and Steve huffs. “What’s your name, man.”
"Your Majesty," Tony interjects, and his voice is cold. Remote.
“Go to bed. Your soldier keeps coming to give you sad looks from the bedroom door. I think he needs reassurance.”
"What are you saying, platypus?" Tony asks, swinging his legs down. He adores Rhodey but maybe in his boxers on his back wasn't the place for this conversation.
"Was in the neighborhood."
"Welcome back," Tony says, cutting the silence that's stretching and growing tense, and he watches Steve twitch, just a fraction of motion. He looks away.
, and I--I couldn't. I didn't."
“Jim Rhodes,” he says, sticking out a hand and he gets a shy smile in return, sweet and small, and Jim wonders where the
This, he thinks--this is the easy part.
“Stay away long enough that when he sees you--he can
Steve holds him them, too, and Tony lays in his arms and thinks that of those bloody smears of gore, the face disfigured and caved in, the crescent shaped blade bisecting a body, and Steve’s large hands that leave bruises on his hips when they fuck, and hold him so gently, when he’s scared, and he thinks that maybe he isn’t nearly as scared by the prospect of Steve’s protective fury as he should be.
"Unfuckinglock it," Clint snarls.
“This doesn’t concern you,” Stane says, coolly and on the floor, Tony whimpers, a tiny breathless noise.
“We deserve this,” Tony says, fiercely. “Each other.
They’ve been together for months now, and Tony--Tony was needy and hungry, and woke him with blowjobs often enough that it didn’t even surprise him anymore.
He gets the call when he's walking home.
She sits across from them and lays it out in black and white, with the larger than life still shots that can’t be denied.
and he wants to know what he will do instead. How he will move on from this thing that feels all consuming.
and he didn’t, he didn’t, he’s
He wakes, and he lies still in the darkness, his heart pounding too hard in his chest, and slowly comes to himself, to the moment, to the big bed with Tony curled warm against his chest, and the quiet of the apartment broken by DUM-E clacking in the living room and the sound of the city in the quiet dark. It helps, to ground him, to chase away the ice and long empty years when he lay suspended and undreaming. Tony grounds him, the quiet sounds of their life, all around him, it grounds him in the moment, and he can sleep, sometimes, even with the cold nightmares nipping at him.
"Best kept boy," Tony mumbles, fucked out and on the verge of sleep, and Steve laughs, happier than he can ever remember being.
"Can he undo this?"
“You’re hurt,” Steve murmurs, tongue clumsy and thick and Tony presses closer. “Sweetheart--”
Then he grinds the tesseract to dust, sends it spinning into space with one of his suits and goes home to Steve.
He's itching for it, shifting in his skin and eager for a fight, eager to split his knuckles and drag Tony's  attention back to him, and there's nothing for him to fight, and no one from Tony's merry little band of criminals will come near him.
It’s only that when he came back to return the Tesseract, he had a message to deliver. A snake head to cut off and a heart to burn out.
"What is the deal with Hammer?"
It’s how he finds himself in the backseat with a recovering assassin who watches Steve and Tony with the same kind of avid hunger he knows he does, while Tony sings too loud and demands road snacks and Steve laughs and indulges him with a fond, “
Tony tips back, to stare at him,  at the familiar affection and unfamiliar years, and he says, disbelieving, "You came
Five months later, he handcuffs Tony, weeks away from his birthday, to his bed while Peggy has lunch with Nick Fury and comes over his fist watching Tony come untouched, on his words and dirty promises.
They've felt wrong since the day Tony stood not so far from here and resigned from the Avengers.
Tony is in his arms, and he’s shivering, and he’s
and he snarls, “What the
He doesn't move. Just stand there too still and silent, and watches the way Steve watches him.
Steve never picks up the shield again, content to be Tony’s guardian and lover and husband. Tony never loses himself and never finds his way back in an Afghani cave, never rips himself apart and puts himself back together again.
He can't look away.
to stop. To put Tony neatly back into the box of family friend, of a casual acquaintance.
But no one has the nerve to say it to his face and as Tony identifies them, the ones who spit the most hateful shit about Steve and quietly removes them from SI--the talk slows.
it’s because of Steve.
Tony.
And he has a responsibility
The first time he saw it--the actual prison, not the plans that JARVIS found hidden in the WSC's files or that FRIDAY dug up when he went digging, paranoia and distrust thick on his tongue--the first time he saw it, Rhodey's blood was still crusted under his nails and he could feel the phantom thrum of his pulse, thready and weak, under his palm and terror was star bright and wrapped tight around fury.
He starts the day in Steve's hotel bed. He wakes alone, the sheets cool to the touch, and he pushes himself up, and sees Steve sitting a few feet away, in a chair, his eyes distant and tired, and it makes him ache, pushes him from the bed and across the room. "Hey, big guy," he murmurs, and Steve blinks at him. He's already showered, his hair hanging wet and in his eyes, and Tony steps between his legs, slips his arms around Steve's neck.
He’s curled on Bucky’s couch, when it happens.
He's wet.
He hangs up after promising to send him details, and smiles grimly. It's a mess, but he's been cleaning up messes made by the Starks for the past three decades. And he's so damn close to the payoff.
"Something completely legal," she deadpans and Steve snorts. He drops down next to her and she sighs. "You know, anytime the Boss talked about you, it was always how nice you are. He never mentioned your a pain in the ass."
Fury is building, impotent, in his chest, and he swallows it down, and looks at the doctor. "You need surgery, Mr. Stark."
not notice.
It's not over. Not that simple. The team is angry, and he understands that. Tony explains, and he sits across from him, as Tony lays out the plan that was intricate and involved and heartbreaking.
Tony watches him.
“It’s not mine,” Steve says, mildly.
He’s been hard since Tony walked out in his shirt and too tiny shorts, but the words make him twitch in his shorts and he eyes Tony. “It’s too dangerous,” he says.
Jealous and bitter and
Tony rolls away from him and wraps an arm around his belly.
Steve chews, his eyes distant and restless, but eventually swallows and says, “No. I--I kinda suspected, but there’s just some things you don’t ask about.”
His assignment is to watch. To assess the threats.
He thinks maybe it won't feel real for a long time. "You're alive," he says again, and Steve laughs, breathes it out against his hair.
He frowns, and he can't say
he snarls, waving the file at her and throwing it down.
She shakes up the company. Not just because of the dirty books she brings to him--not even
It’s--it’s not what he was afraid of, when he first saw the obsession in Steve.
Steve shakes his head, and she smiles. "I'll keep an eye on it. Talk to Tony. I'll let you know what I find."
Even if he never uses it the way that Steve had watched destroy Tony before--he has it.
him. Steve had never truly forgiven her, for that, for hurting
They don't talk, right away. Because Sam has never pressed unless he thought Steve
It’s like a vow, or a hope, and it’s reassuring though it has no right to be.
"Have you heard from Ross lately?" Natasha asks. Steve's in the middle of writing a report on their last mission, a mess of gun-runners in Cambodia, and the question catches him off center. He blinks.
His CO nods and gives him a curious look. Rhodes swallows and says, "I need a secure line. I have to make a call."
“I liked it better when you weren’t sleeping together,” Steve grumbles, and Sam smirks, slides a margarita across the counter to him. “You gang up on me more, now that you are.”
But it’s never been like this, the needy noises that Tony can’t quite stop, the way he arches into every touch, almost sobbing when Steve fingers him open. It’s never been bloody hands spread over darkening bruises and blood on Tony’s busted lip that Steve can’t help but lick away. It’s never been the desperate kind of rough that takes him when he pushes into Tony--like when his control snapped in that wood paneled room, it hasn’t quite been repaired, and he’s rough, fucking him hard, while Tony moans and writhes and begs for
He wants, more than he’s wanted anything in a long time, a cheeseburger.
He watches Tony, and he files away the curves of his lips and the brightness of his eyes, and the lines around them both.
She's quiet, radiating disapproval, but she does what she's told.
That was fine--Loki cared enough for the both of them.
He doesn’t know if he believes that, not on days like this.
Tony gives him a smile, something flickering in his eyes that Steve can’t quite read, before it’s gone. “He does that, sometimes.”
"Pep--"
"You do. You and Pepper are so close to being able to take Stane down. You can't fuck it up now by blowing this off."
"There's nothing to talk about. I'm not leaving you."
The mission goes sideways almost immediately. There are more guards than Tasha's intel said and Bucky bolts as soon as the doors get blown open, a blind charge into the base that makes Sam curse and dive after him.
, beautiful, real, solid, close enough that Tony could touch him, reach out and feel him solid and warm under his fingers.
“And the Rogues?” Tony asks, arching an eyebrow.
“Would he hurt Tony?” Happy asks, because he didn’t see Howard, but he saw
“We don’t know where he’s been, Tones. For seven years, he’s been missing and presumed dead. People
He always
, three elements that don’t quite fit right, until Tony
He doesn’t know what happened in that house, and isn’t sure he wants to--but it isn’t a question. He does, after all, know
"Nothing," Tony breathes, and flicks the screen away, scoots down to curl around him and kiss him, and if he won't talk about the legal jargon he was reading, Steve won't push.
, as much as it was to protect civilians. This--this was never supposed to happen."
They fight.
Steve’s scowling at the paper and Tony stretches, props his feet in Steve’s lap, warmth unfurling when Steve’s hand comes up and curls around his ankle, fingers stroking absently over the skin of his foot.
"The floor might need replacing," he says, and she hums thoughtfully.
At his side, Rhodey stirs, a metallic whir of gears and tech. He doesn’t look away. Now, two fucking
He lays back against the cold.
That tension in Roger isn’t unease.
“Sweetheart,” he breathes.
And it's filled, quietly and unspoken of, with her belongings.
Bucky lives here. He isn’t one of the Rogues, doesn’t fight--hasn’t since he woke up free of the triggers in his head and down a metal arm and Shuri asked him what he wanted.
Clint glares and Steve nudges his shoulder to get him moving again.
and for the first time in seven
Tony deserves that, deserves the protection and righteous rage of someone who loves him.
“I’m ok, Stark. I’m gonna be ok.”
. You
Tony is almost happy, pulling his patents and reaching out to a lawyer, well aware the first of the month is looming. He's fierce, in their bed, greedy hands and biting kisses, and when he rides Steve, it's with a desperation that fuels the fury burning in Steve's gut.
“You will never see your mother, or Jarvis, again.”
He stops.
And if Rhodey believes him, believes Tony can walk away—he must actually be doing it.
The royal edict is delivered by the young page, the one who blushes when he looks at Thor and smirks at the Storm lord, who Anthony is altogether too protective of. A good boy, he thinks, idly, as he takes the edict and breaks the seal.
Today.
"I used to be," he says.
They don't make it to the bed, not before Steve is dropping to his knees and choking himself on Tony's cock, not before Tony drags him back up and lets Steve rut against his hip and spill sticky and hot against his skin, not before that desperate burning need blunts, just a little.
Rogers shrugs. “It’s not hard--do you know what it took? I told Jarvis your threat. I told Rhodey Tony needed him. And it was easy--I didn’t even have to lie.” He smiles, boyishly smug.
But it’s happy, too, a kind of bright purity that comes from the good clean pain of healing. Tony has spent months loathing and learning that pain.
"Go," he says, softly, when they break apart, his lips still brushing Steve's. "I have to get ready, and you have to go."
He’s gone, and there’s a silence that’s glaring in the absence of his voice, and Steve thinks, as the team scatters to lick their wounds and cope in their own ways--Wanda’s vision was right.
to make this--messier. I wanted you to hurt, the way he has.”
"What's wrong?"
He goes. In plainclothes and bare of any adornment but the ring he has worn next to his wedding band, he goes.
Tony makes a face, feels the scars pull. Not whole. He’d
Jarvis, she learns, is Tony's. He leaves her there, in her beautiful lonely villa and returns home with her son.
He’s trembling, and he latches onto Rhodey, desperate and scared and he dips his head down, presses his lips to Tony’s hair and murmurs, “Easy, genius. You’re ok.”
This is Tony frigid and rigid and glaring at him, and Steve staring back, burning with hurt, and the team watching, awkward, and
Steve hums thoughtfully and sips his own for a few minutes. "How long do you think he's gonna do this?"
"I think, my love, that there is nowhere safer for him to be."
“I know you would. You don’t have an ounce of forethought--you’ll cut your own nose off to spite your face. No, I’m not worried about that.”
hurt him.
And they came back--Rhodey and Peter, Happy and even Pepper, although that was still--difficult.
Bucky huffs, his expression all irritated exasperation, but he lets it drop.
Tony grins, sudden and triumphant and Steve makes a noise in protest as Tony wiggles happily.
"Do you love him?" he asks, point blank.
“Peggy.”
“How bad?”
since Steve chose Tony and never looked back.
"He did. But I read 'em, in there." Steve's eyebrows shoot up and Sam smiles, unpleasantly. "I had a lot of time. And those Accords were to protect
“Howard,” Obie cuts in, mildly. Howard relents for a moment, and Tony has a flash of relief, of
"What happened?" Sam asks, finally.
him, the way that Tony loves, the way he pushes back into and claws at Steve’s shoulders while he pants, “
"Ana," she says, and her voice doesn't tremble, even if her fingers do. She clenches them in her skirt, and licks her lips again. Wonders what Captain Rogers will do next, and heat blooms low and burning in her belly. "Ana, I think another sherry, please?"
It's only--
It’s the fourth of July and Tony is bitchy and petulant and snarling, because the hotel screwed up and there is only one room.
The war was a special kind of hell, for a Jewish boy from Brooklyn.
“I--”
He tells him the truth and watches Sam's handsome face go shocked and pained and hurt and--finally--furious.
Tony cares. A deep-seated burning sort of care, for the world and for technology, and for the people he chooses.
Pepper sighs, and closes her eyes, a smile twisting her lips just a little. "He's impossible to hate, you realize."
He stands next to Tony near a quiet grave. Bucky and Rhodey are waiting nearby, but they’re alone, now that the priest has gone and Steve is choking on it, the grief and the guilt.
you would just fix it.”
“On another tangentially related note…” Tony walked back to his desk, “and this is probably messed up to say, but I’m looking forward to using your recovery as an excuse not to go to this investor event.” Tony sat down in his desk before swiveling back and forth in his chair, “I usually use Peter to get out of these things, but I think folks are starting to catch on.”
“See you in a bit, Sam.” Steve mumbled as he let Tony out before basically slamming the door behind them. He could hear Sam roaring with laughter.
“Excuse me.”
Tony coughed before releasing from a full embrace, but he kept a hand on Steve’s arm while holding the saran wrapped bowl. Steve kept both hands on Tony’s waist.
“Thanks for coming, Tony.” Steve smiled the way he usually did at Tony which made Tony’s heart melt.
Tony rubbed his hands together with a fake grin. “Sounds mad scientist-y. Let’s go with Banner’s secret material decomposer that he probably should have disclosed with me first.”
Natasha communicated her annoyance with the question, but then she smiled at Clint. “No, I have not.”
Steve swallowed; he knew Tony was referring to the guy he had been in a terrible relationship with when he was younger. Steve slowly turned around on his other side to face Tony.
Tony nodded timidly, but he was smiling. “Based on this and everything else you’ve told me in the past, you’re such a hopeless romantic, Rogers.”
Tony pointed toward Steve as he rushed past. “Rogers. You’re with me.” He continued walking to exit the lab, never looking back at Bruce and Steve.
“Steve!” Both Tony and Sharon could hear Peter happily greet Steve in the kitchen.
Tony used his clicker to stop the image from spinning; he then panned to the vibranium core. The holographic image was programmed to simulate a glow similar to the one experienced when the device generated specs to be replicated.
Tony tapped on a tablet. “Okay, I have the equations for the S.H.I.E.L.D. tracker,” he turned to face Steve, “let me figure this out and I’ll send it to you, Rogers.”
Steve nodded, but he wasn’t entirely sure where Tony was headed.
Bruce had to prevent himself from falling out of his chair. He took his time answering by readjusting his eyeglasses.
Steve had taken the advice to heart; it became apparent, as their relationship progressed, that Tony had lingering issues he was trying to address, but Steve had developed some patience in trying to maneuver difficult conversations with Tony.
Tony put his hands on Steve’s arms before pulling away. “I meant monetary payments, Rogers. But I don’t mind this either.”
Tony nodded slowly as Steve unhooked himself before locating his wandering friends.
Clint waved his hand around without really responding as he walked up to the console Tony usually used. He stopped before pulling out another crumbled piece of paper full of instructions Natasha and Bruce had given him about some sequences they needed for something, but Clint couldn’t really remember.
Obadiah nodded quickly. “I completely understand the ramifications—”
Steve nodded as Tony let go of him to access the private express elevator again. On the ride up to the penthouse, Steve had noticed that Tony was trying to restrain himself. Steve then reached over to give Tony a hug, turning somewhat to pull him into a kiss. They continued like this until the elevator stopped at the penthouse level. Tony unwillingly pushed himself away from Steve as he led them to his bedroom.
Tony took a moment before responding. “I really appreciate that, Steve…it’s just that…the shit with my dad is taking me longer to get over…I hadn’t realized it until the trip…”
He tried saving himself by finding an excuse to look elsewhere. He pulled out his phone.
Bucky looked at Tony. “Before I moved back to the states, Steve and I used to talk every week…but ever since he started working at Stark Industries…I barely see him…”
Steve huffed as he rested his hands on his hips. He was so confused by Tony’s abrupt change; he had no idea why he was being blindsided like this.
Steve smiled timidly as he waved Tony off, letting himself be pulled closer. “Thanks for the credit, but that was definitely teamwork.”
Sharon shook her head, still smiling. “I’ll be okay.”
Bruce smiled. “Oh yeah? Where did you go?”
However, the response hardly satisfied the reporter. “Of course. But can you
Steve’s jaw hardened. “Tony, why would you say that?”
was all Tony could think as he hugged the bathroom door. He sighed deeply before turning on the shower.
“Sir?” An agent had approached Fury who was standing in the middle of the space, resting his hands on his hips.
“What? It’s raining outside. What did you
Now--now it's just exhausting.
It’s a habitual protest, though and Tony knows it, one hand down his tiny shorts, fisting his cock as he shifts in his seat.
“Peggy,” he says, softly.
He grits his teeth and when Steve sits next to him, Tony drapes himself over Steve’s shoulders, brushes a kiss over the shell of his ear and murmurs, “I need to talk to Howard. Then we’re leaving. I wanna get you home and ride you.”
Maria doesn't. She doesn't understand anything about her son, and hasn't for years. But Jarvis is there, taking her arm gently, placing a glass of wine in her hand and Tony's slipping his sunglasses on and turning away and she thinks maybe it doesn't matter. Maybe it's too late to try to understand Tony.
But Tony had asked, and no one was willing to deny him, not so soon after the stroke that killed Maria.
“You have full use of the Compound, and the upper ten floors of Avengers Tower will be reserved for the team and support staff.”
Bucky shrugs. “He refuses to say. One thing that didn’t change in seven years--he’s still a stubborn bastard when he sets his mind to something.”
Tony doesn’t flinch. He just shrugs and nods, tips his chin at Wanda, pale and pretty in her chair. “Didn’t she say I would?”
He looks past her, to where Steve lounges by the secretary he can't remember and gets a brief nod.
He stalks across the room, and catches Tony by the hips, clean up forgotten. "You're a sneaky little bastard," he says, soft and affectionate and Tony rolls his hips, grinds his hardening cock against the plane of Steve's abs.
He waves a hand, and Stane steps in, takes control and sets the wheels in motion.
“What happened?” Bucky asks and Steve is quiet, a beat too long, long enough that Tony shifts in Rhodey’s arms, sits up.
He still comes home and finds Rogers on his knees and Tony’s head tipped back in pleasure.
He jerks, hard, hard enough that there’s no way to hide it, but--
But as the days slip by and Ty goes from missing to presumed dead--no one else comes looking for him at their door.
"Always," Steve says, simply and Tony makes a noise, and
"Prove it," Tony breathes.
“Hey, Steve?” he says, and Steve flicks a look at him, curious and patient, and Tony almost bites back the words.
, a familiar face, a beloved uncle, and while Peggy was wrapped up in SHIELD and Howard was wrapped up in SI, Steve was wrapped up in Tony.
Bucky’s quiet and she doesn’t seem to realize, just barrels on, “I know--Ducky was always obsessed with Steven. I knew and I never stopped it but--I don’t know how this happened. How that
He doesn’t love--
He pushes that thought aside because they’re friends now, finally, pieced themselves back together, and it was the idiotic thought of a dying man, not the rational one sitting in his living room, on his way back to healthy and whole.
They fuck on the hall rug, Tony spread out on his belly, his cock rubbing into the soft fabric while Steve licks him open and murmurs to him.
The divorce is bloodless. Peggy fights for the house in the Hamptons because she’s bitchy and hurt and Rhodey sees the quickly suppressed pain in Tony’s eyes when Steve says she’s not going to budge on it.
It’s so unexpected it drags Jim’s gaze down and Steve--Steve, Steve, Steve--sighs, deep and long-suffering. “What’d we talk about, you being a brat, Tony.”
The dark is the worst of it and the first time they have sex after the kidnapping, Tony punches Steve in the middle of it, when there’s only the dark and his hand on Tony’s neck, and he’s thrown
The video plays out, and two feet away, Barnes watches, anxious.
“Peggy suspects,” he tells Tony.
There’s a bone rattling
One finger catches in the chain around his neck, and the metal--rings and Steve's dog tags both--rattle, a familiar sound that kept him more sane than he likes to think about. Steve smiles. "Can I have this back, now?"
when Tony says,
There’s a long deep silence from the other bed, deeply suspicious, but that weekend--Tony cancels his trip home.
“As you can see, Mama, I’m fine. No fire touched me. I’d left, before it happened, clearly.”
him--”
"You could. But you won't. It won't do any good. Besides, thirty six hours is nothing. And Rhodes might actually fight me if you blow him off."
“It means something to them,” Rhodey argues, not even touching the seduction comment. Bucky nods, kisses his shoulder.
Tony sniffs and smiles and pulls Jim ahead as Steve sets to carrying their boxes.
“Like hell you can’t. That’s not a goddamn guest room, Stevie, you know it ain’t, that’s
It crashes down on him, abruptly, and he twists, away from Tony.
Steve closes his eyes. It’s true--he knows it’s true.
Tony smiles, "Y'all look like shit."
Dinner is awkward and tense, and Wanda is withdrawn, sullen when she isn't outright hostile. It's fun, the way that family dinners with Howard and Maria were fun, in the way that Tony thought he'd left behind decades ago.
Nothing for it, though. He huffs a sigh, and pulls out his phone. "Stone. It's time to come back to Boston."
Clint studies him, hard and then, "Tony Stark is a cold man with a heart of gold and for as long as I've known him, he's been in love with you. But he's always been very careful to do what's best for the family. If you ask me--Hammer has something on him. Or hell, maybe he was trying to get over you. God knows nothing else has ever worked."
Clutches a case to himself before he says, “I brought--it’s for him. If he wants it. Peggy can call, if he has questions.”
“I’m not asking Peggy,” Steve says, jaw set. “She needs that money for the hospital.”
“Steve is
“What the hell are you doing?” he snaps again, because the kid might be
He doesn't ask, and maybe that's why--two months.
If there was any doubt, this was written solely because of the comic panel in
Tony is staring at him, bright and beautiful and demanding, holding out his hand, and his ring gleams, gold coated vibranium and rubies set to either side a blue-bright diamond. It glitters, a pretty promise he carried with him from his time, his future that he hated, and he reaches out, clings to Tony’s hand in this future he loves, that he fought for, that he gets to keep.
He doesn’t need to ask. He can see the truth in Bucky’s eyes, and he closes his own, swaying minutely. “How?”
"You thought it was the right thing," she says and her lips twitch. "You've always been very convinced you knew the
Steve shifts on the barstool, squirming under the unimpressed glare of his two best friends. He's absurdly glad Nat isn't here and he hasn't let her know yet what a disaster his life is lately.
Almost.
He stares down at Tony, at his forever, and Peggy--
"Is it over?" Steve asks, softly, and Tony nods.
Oh hey look, a projected chapter count. And a skeevy Stane because yeah.
"You love her," Steve says.
“He doesn’t get to touch you, sweetheart,” he says, promises, and Tony shivers, at the promise or the threat.
"What happens now?" Sam asks, quietly.
He breathes.
He hires her as his PA and within a month, she's running everything he
” Rhodey says. Tony looks at him, sharp, and Rhodey smiles. “You forget, genius, I’m not the team.”
It’s when the dark closes in, when he’s trapped by sleep that the hands come for him, hard and pulling, the pain that explodes through him from phantom blows and the
"Did you do this?"
“I don’t want to leave you,” Steve murmurs, carding his fingers through Tony’s hair. “But sometimes I think I don’t have the right to be here. To be happy, to have
The response is ritual and familiar, a call and response that has always soothed him.
that.’
"Know what I noticed, reading through this?" Rhodey asks, and Tony makes a non-committal noise.
They’re quiet, lost in thought and food and Tony’s considering the second half of his burger when Steve blurts out, “I had a tattoo. For Bucky.”
here.
He curls up against Rhodey on the couch, and his best friend wraps an arm around him. "We can still leave," Rhodey murmurs. "The Council would love for us to be on the West Coast."
snarls, and swings, and it's only Bucky's darting hand that keeps the punch from connecting with Tony's face, and he thinks
This is what changed:
Tony nods, and kisses him, carefully, presses everything he can't say into that kiss and Steve kisses back, hard and hungry and desperate.
They aren't together, not anymore. He needs to remember that--it's not like Tony has forgotten, not with the way he's filling his bed with pretty models.
“I’m not here to fight, James. I just--I need to understand.”
injured, in the battle of the Trisk," Steve says. "The Atlanteans and the Sviet were fighting over water rights."
Tony makes a face.
“I didn’t. Steve came for me before the fire.”
Tony makes a face, because it’s not true, really.
Tony is reading in bed. Steve rolls across, the few feet separating them, curls in close to him and glances at the holoscreen, catching legal jargon and
and Steve groans, deep and dark and rolling through Rhodey’s belly.
“What do you want to do?”
changes, because of it.
family?
The first time Tony kissed him, they were at a SI party, tucked into a corner, and he could taste Peggy’s lipstick on the corner of his mouth when Tony, clumsy and eager, had licked inexpertly into his mouth. Steve’s hands had landed on his hips and he remember this, remembers every bit of it, but
Even more than Steve is,
Tony winks.
it, and after all the years together chasing Bucky, he knows when Steve
It’s easier, when Tony and Rhodey get an apartment off campus--he doesn’t have a front row seat to their sex life, as limited as Rogers makes it.
Steve trusted so many people and so many of them were HYDRA.
Steve perks up, smiles, because that's Tony's voice, Tony is here, Tony is at the Compound despite his assurances that he's not part of the Avengers anymore, despite the fact that he's done exactly what he said he would and busied himself with innovating and revolutionizing a new field.
"Because no one was going to believe me," Tony says. "No one wants to hear the sky is falling or that Triskelion didn't get HYDRA out of the US government, that letting the Accords have a foothold was the only way to get them to loosen up enough to kick them off the mountain. No one wants to hear that sometimes the best offense is taking one on the chin, so you get close enough to KO the other man."
Steve stiffens, his gaze going frosty, and for just a moment, Fury thinks he’s made a misstep, thinks he should reel those words back in and walk the hell out.
This is what changed:
"If I'm not leaving you, and Howard is throwing around ultimatums, there's nothing to talk about. I'll take my patents and go. They're mine, not SI's. Dad can threaten all he wants, but I'll bankrupt the company before I let him steal my IP."
“Carter didn’t want you to see those,” he says. “But I thought it might help with the nightmares.”
People might think they're fucking, might even have the balls to say it, in a whisper, in private. But the people who talk--things
Tony was being his usual shitty sarcastic self, and Howard --Howard hit him, he remembers that. Stane said that a firm hand was all that Tony needed, and they needed him to come back in line. The EXO project would cost SI millions, and Tony--
Hope is starshine in his whiskey chocolate eyes. “But--Peggy.”
If he had any doubts about who this man is, they'd be laid to rest by looking into Steve's eyes, seeing them so full and hungry.
He watches Steve, eyes big and bright in the dark, and wipes away all of Steve's tears, and holds him close.
explained it,” she says. “I explained when it began two years ago, and I explained it a year ago and six months and every month since then and frankly, you
"I'm tryin' to figure that out," Rhodey admits and Tony tips his head at him.
“She was at the Hamptons house, when we got there, last weekend. She watched us. She
Steve doesn't look at him. Because Sam--Sam had always wanted to tell Tony the truth about his parents. Had said it wasn't right, to use his money and his tech and not tell him the most basic truth about what they were looking for.
Steve never called, during the mess that was Triskelion. The ships went down, and no one on their side died, but it was a mess he read about on his Starkpad, where he was helpless to help.
There's even a letter to the editor from his daughter, Betty, detailing the abuse she'd witnessed for years, the threats she'd faced when she fell in love with Bruce, the quiet intimidation and towering fury in a man so accustomed to getting his way, to
Tony hesitates for a long moment, and then sighs, and shoves away from the desk, throwing a file onto the holo screen FRIDAY pops up in front of him.
After everything. The war and Thanos and the long empty years when he clung to bitterness and anger because it was so much easier than admitting what he wanted. After the last gasp of hope, and the months spent trapped together in the past, and that battle when Steve had knelt next to him and he lay dying--
"I don't know what else you want from me, Rhodey. I told you--"
"Did those seem like a good idea at the time?" Steve asks, motioning at the rings inked over the first guys eye, and the wiry kid kinda giggles, scampers away, almost scaling a wall to get away.
The man in it is clearly dead, but he’s--his body is
“Rogers--”
Steve smiles at him, a small pleased curve of his lips, and brushes a kiss over his hand, before he stands. “What do you want for dinner?”
She leaves as silent as she was while he fucked Tony while she stood in the shadows, a ghost he mourned a lifetime ago, and he gathers forever into his arm and Tony smiles up, bratty and expectant and vibrant.
He sounds
he was stubborn, because he was immovable when he set his mind to something, reeling Tony in when he let experiments and grand ideas pull him too far.
Everything about their lives are dangerous, though, and this--here--the only way to hurt him, is to go through Steve, and Tony thinks Steve would rip the universe apart, to keep that from happening.
are you doing?”
He doesn't say it. It's the unspoken truth, the one that neither has dared say in the seven years they've shared a name and a kingdom and a daughter.
When Tony said,
It’s been almost a month, when Fury arrives. It’s when Steve is at work, and Tony is elbows deep in coding. “What do you want?” Tony asks, and he’s being rude, he knows he is, but Fury has never meant anything good for him, is too close to Howard for Tony to ever feel truly comfortable with, and he’s watching Tony now, eyes narrowed and assessing, like he knows something Tony doesn’t.
His voice shakes and Tony shifts, off the counter and into his arms, small and soft against him, grounding and reassuring and everything he wants.
It's different.
Steve smiles, a little wistful. "He still does that?"
Wanda frowns at it. "What is the Cassandra Protocol?" she murmurs, and Stark's face fills the holo screen.
It hurt later.
The vial of ink sits in his palm, a tiny liquid promise, and Tony watches him, with big dark eyes, small against the sea of pillows and broad bed, and Steve loves him.
“No,” she says, shaking her head, and straightening her shoulders. “Don’t.”
"Why?" Maria asks, her voice steady. "Why are you banishing me?"
Clint shrugs. "I don't know. None of us do, really. Tony has never been all too fond of Justin, but about a year ago, they had a sit down and after that--there were a few dates and then Boss showed up and said he was marrying Hammer and to stop picking fights with his guys. That's it."
They fight a lot, it's part of
“Do you want me to go with you?” Tony asks, later. He’s propped against the counter in silk panties and black robe and wide worried eyes.
be whole again.
"Because it's preposterous," Obie says. "Why the hell would I have the princess killed?"
This is not an accurate depiction of the military but it’s fic so. Also, Howard is a piece of shit and depictions of graphic violence and gore.
And he
to his familiar features, where the bones were shattered.
He sucks him off over Christmas, gets the taste of his come and the scent of him, expensive cologne and motor oil, and when he kisses Tony, when Tony sucks on his tongue like he would Steve’s cock, he ruts against Tony’s hip and breathes, “When you’re legal, baby.”
“People need to thank someone,” Rhodey said, the one time Tony brought it up. “We’re keeping an eye on the extremists.”
She stares at him, helpless and lost and small. “I don’t know how,” she says softly.
"No, sweetheart. Nothing."
It doesn't happen often.
Wanda can't be pried away from the TV. She watches the news for three days, watches the mutants protesting and fury in a quiet old man who stands as their leader. She watches the arguing talking heads and when Ross gives another press conference, and the speculating hosts wondering if the Rouges were right, fighting the Accords a year ago.
"Change has always terrified you, my love."
look away.
the way that Tony had tensed, the way he’d pulled back just a fraction, not even enough to break the kiss, but all him braced and coiled for Steve to reject him.
Pepper sighs, and comes to curl in his lap, a familiar weight. Her scent wraps around him, and the pressure of the throne grounds him, and he buries his face in her hair.
“You should go,” Steve says, sharply, and Tony blinks at him, watching him prowl from their bedroom to tug at Tony, reeling him in until Tony is resting against his chest, one hand splayed across his back.
People talk, and occasionally something makes that talk spike up sharp--but for the most part, no one is stupid enough to bother them.
“I took that from her.”
Steve snorts but raises his eyebrow.
He comes back alone.
“Gotta trust me, Tony,” Steve says, patient and hopeful, holding two helmets and waiting.
“Steve,” he says, and there’s a funny kind of silence from behind him. “Steve Rogers.”
“You can’t,” Loki hisses.
The suit beeps, a soft burr of noise, an emergency distress signal that means someone will come for him, eventually.
"But was it worth it," Natasha asks again. She staring and Tony--
"He put you on the list when you were nineteen and he'd just broken up with you. Because he cared six years ago doesn't mean he still does," Bucky says, gently.
She steps away, gives him an illusion of privacy, knowing that it's likely Tony.
“I want this to end,” Howard says, softly. “You’ve had your fun, you destroyed something I love, now it’s time to stop this. Come back to SI, let him go, and when it’s time, marry the Fujikawa girl.
Steve watches Tony. He's always watched Tony. He's, at the heart of him, an artist, and Tony is a bundle of beauty, light sparking in the dark, the most beautiful thing he's ever seen, and he
Steve takes an obnoxiously large bite of his hot dog and chews as Clint's face goes pained and he opens his mouth to reply but nothing comes out. He just stays like that, mouth open and gaping and then, sighs and holds out the phone. "He wants to talk to you."
and if it was any more intimate, he might need to re-evaluate everything he’d been thinking, recently, everything he quit thinking, after they left the farm and Tony left the team, and Steve did.
Tony was used to being watched, to being adored. What he wasn’t used to was the fervent outpouring of gratitude that so easily tipped toward almost cult-like.
“You don’t have to blow me because it’s my birthday, baby.”
When he wakes from those nightmares, he crawls out of bed, sits on the chair in the corner of the room while Tony sleeps on, and he watches through the dark until the grey fingers of dawn stretch out and pull back the night.
It’s so startling it takes a hand on Tony’s shoulder and a deep voice saying, “Who’s this, honey?” to drag his gaze away from Tony, to the man with him, to
"It's not my home."
They’re in bed, when the call comes, and Tony pouts at him as Steve rolls away, reaching for the phone. It’s his private line, the one the family uses, for emergencies, and it doesn’t ring often.
He watches Tony, and this is what he knows--
He's a little surprised that no one argues. But then, he thinks of how Tony had stormed the hospital when his plane was shot down, the way the village responsible had been bombed to ash, and  he thinks maybe they're just using some common fucking sense.
since before--
"You told me not to. To wait for you to come home."
It’s the weirdest fucking mugging Steve’s ever been a part of, and he almost--
She sips her sherry and closes her eyes.
It’s the dark dangerous flicker in his eyes when Rhodey touches Tony.
Tony frowns, and Steve kisses him, softly. Gently.
Steve.
Rhodey sighs, a heavy thing. “I think Rogers will do anything it takes, to keep Tony safe. He doesn’t care who gets hurt, or who’s blood is on his hands, if Tony is safe. And I think--I dunno, Hap. I think he’s obsessive, and so is Tony and they’re both the best and worst thing for each other.”
His gaze is hot, that blown pupil dazed hunger that Steve
Harley's lips thin. "Not him," he says, and it draws their gazes--all of them. Kate and America and Jessica and even Matthew's blind gaze swings to the young man. "
It takes less than that to realize that whatever Steve feels--it’s not as platonic as it should be.
Tony tips his head, studying the knight he loves, the one he no longer knows. There’s something dark in Steve’s eyes, something that makes him grateful, suddenly, for the War Dog and Winter Soldier, lingering just beyond the door.
"Fair," Steve concedes. "But if you had to say what happened--?"
Like he isn’t
Clint lasts two months, after Tony leaves. He has nightmares a lot, Steve can hear it, the hitching sobs and Natasha's soothing voice easing him from the grip of terror.
"Why come back now?" Rhodes asks, and Tony twitches toward him, his best friend and his brother, even as his gaze is fixed on Steve.
Steve hadn’t seen it--he’d been calming Tony, his focus completely trained on the panicked boy, but Rhodey had.
"Goddamn mess," he mutters. He didn't expect the protective fury, because no one had
She licks her lips, tastes sherry and blood there, and her fingers tremble. She isn't sure if it's fear or arousal, and doesn't want to think about it anymore, doesn't want to think about the ring of black around Tony's eyes and the way he'd clung to Steve, flinching away from even her. She doesn't want to think of the slick puddle of blood or the way Howard had looked, slumped against the wood floor, or the way that Steve had looked, curved protective over Tony.
“How did this happen?”
He wasn't--he was never
He can remember screaming for Tony, watching as his Humvee exploded.
He nods, and finishes pouring his coffee, leans back against the counter and sips it while he stares at Steve. His face is blank, chillingly empty and Tony tips his head, curiously. “You’re worried,” he says, softly and Steve’s gaze flicks back to the photos.
"And you are too, Stane," the king murmurs.
Then Tony smiles, and bounces to his feet, hurrying to Stane's side with a wide greeting smile.
"We said Hitler wouldn't take Paris, too, and we were wrong then," Bucky says, and this--
It twists into a triumphant little grin when Steve signals for the next exit.
of it, scrawled in the margin and voice recordings that he doesn't bother to open. "What is this about, really? Is it Rogers?"
He looks up, arching an eyebrow.
to. Steve puts it together, easy enough.
Rhodey laughs, and it’s a little bit cynical, but mostly amused. “How the hell do you think either of them would react, if anyone tried to separate them? You know how vicious Tony can be, and we’ve got proof of Rogers’ temper right now. No, getting between them--it wouldn’t end well for anyone. And I’m not willing to risk alienating Tony by trying.”
Fury pauses, a waiting sort of pause, while Tony stares at him, and then Fury flicks a photo from his pocket.
He glances away from the door, to Rhodey who shrugs and puts the pizza aside, straightening.
Now he wanders through his quarters, bare feet silent on the plush carpet, and it's
Bucky arches an eyebrow, studying it and then flicking a look at Tony.
Bucky shifts, covers him, and when he moans, Bucky’s
The night it changes.
plan," Bucky disagrees. "You just
In his bed, Bucky blinks, beautiful and sleepy and soft.
Bucky who lies in bed with Sam, and traces his fingers over the black lettering, and Sam watches him, dark eyes calm and warm and when Bucky murmurs against his throat, “Tell me,” Sam did, spun out stories about the man he loved, before the sky exploded and tore him away.
He's frowning, and wearing a thin pair of sleep pants, bearded and a little bit of a stranger, and so fucking beautiful it
"I can't go with you," Tony says, apologetic, and Steve shakes his head, smiles ruefully.
“I want to know.”
"They have SI weapons," Natasha says, and it silences the room, cold and tense, and his muscles tighten, because--
“His loss,” he says.
Tony begs, is the thing.
Usually fights just
Fury flushes. “We looked. We didn’t find you, but we did
told me shit for a long time now, Tones."
Rhodey's lips thin, and he shakes his head. "You know you don't gotta play these games with me, Tones. I thought you learned that shit in college."
And he isn't.
still so fresh he can feel it, the ash and blood and hot tears. Tony--Tony, here, alive, vibrant and eternally young--squeezes his hand and Steve latches on like it’s a lifeline.
The arm is silver metal plates, shining and sleek and--”It’ll interface, with his neural pathways. If he wants that.”
The thing about Steve is--he’s miserable. But he’s never let being unhappy stop him, not when he was ten and an orphan in Peggy Carter’s house, not when he was sixteen and furious over Bucky’s accident, not when he was nineteen and heartbroken.
“He already isn’t a fan,” Tony grumbles, and Rhodey laughs, and shoves him lightly, until Tony disentangles himself from Rhodey.
"The shield shattered. And an Ironborn--one of Lord Stone's bannermen--stabbed me with his lance. Almost disemboweled me. Stripped me of my armor. Some of the Howlers found me, while he was still at it, and they fought him off. Dragged me back to their camp." Steve shrugs. "Jones got my armor back and I--I stayed with them. After I was healthy. I heard the news, that the Pursestrings had declared me dead. It was safer to be dead."
"You like that. Like that they think I'm yours."
"I asked that," the king says, and the smile he gives Obie then is bitter and coldly furious and ghastly. "I would have waged a war, if I thought it would avenge Steve, when he died. But for my daughter? Killed by my own allies in my palace? I would burn them to the ground, reduce their kingdoms to ash. I would reopen the weapons pits to slaughter her killers. And you know it."
And he wears armor--thousand-dollar suits and metal suits and ridiculous sunglasses and a smirk that changes with his audience and all of it is armor, protecting him, keeping a world that has hurt him at bay.
Steve grins at him, dirty and dark and says, “Got a few promises to keep.”
He shattered them into pieces, but the fractures were already
The blow comes out nowhere, an open-handed slap that catches his ear and the side of his face, and his ears are ringing as he stumbles, careens off balance into a chair.
"He put me on the list. He wouldn't do that, if I didn't matter."
Riley came first, and maybe, truthfully, Riley is the one who starts it.
Before Tony’s paranoia grew legs and attacked them and almost destroyed humanity.
"Boss?" she says, tentative.
Tony groans, his hips punching up off the seat and comes, a wet spread against the dark shirt, and Steve laughs. “Dirty little slut.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"It'll be good to see him," he agrees, and wriggles around until he's comfortable, sprawled on the bed like a starfish and tugging Steve down like a particularly heavy blanket.
The headline is brilliant and big and impossible to ignore.
It’d been so goddamn hot Steve had fucked him to a second orgasm, Tony coming sobbing and dry before he’d collapsed against the filthy bed.
, furious, as beautiful as an avenging angel, when he snarls, “What the
“Take your queen and go to your suites,” Loki orders. “Your page will attend you.”
Something hot and possessive clenches in his belly and he crooks his finger and swallows the scream Tony gives up when Steve’s fingers nail his prostate, merciless and demanding until Tony comes, scrabbling at his shoulders and sucking on his tongue.
"I'm scared," he whispers, a confession he wants to take back.
"They're calling them the Accords," she says, and he flicks a look at her. "You haven't heard anything?"
When he’s
Tony grins, and shakes the bottle enticingly. “Wanna be my test subject?”
what happened, Pepper, I’ve lived with it every day, but he was
“I don’t know,” he whispers, exhausted, “I don’t know how this happened or what to do now.”
"Ok," Steve says, softly, and leans up to kiss him.
"Tony--"
“What the hell was that,” Howard snarls and Tony blinks. There are spots spinning in his eyes and his ear is ringing and Howard--
Howard straightens, and he looks at Steve.
He was content.
To observe and report back.
“You’ll fix it,” Rhodey says, unconcerned, and it’s true--a weapon and the right word to the right general and no one would bat an eye at an absent pilot. Still.
Tony can feel this--the heat of tears in his eyes, the burning warmth of Steve’s steady gaze, the way everything
"How serious is this?" he asks, pouring a cup of coffee, not bothering to give Rhodey time to say good morning.
Steve looks at him. They’re in Tony’s bathroom, brushing their teeth. His hands smell of the scar cream he rubs into Tony’s shoulder and side, twice a day, and there’s a smear of it on Tony’s cheek, near his hair, and Steve reaches out, thumbs it aside and smears the excess onto his faded pants.
--the door creaks and light spills in, and the kid spills in with it.
Steve stares at him, and sometimes--moments like now--he can see every version of Tony that he’s ever loved--the man on a helicarrier, the hero dying, the child who clung to him, the beautiful brat who took a ring on faith, the man he married.
The fight is brutal, and there's a moment, when Barnes takes his gun from him, that he feels blood stopping fear, heart-weakening regret, before it registers, that his tech did it's job, that he's breathing.
Mind the tags and check the end notes for full warnings.
Tony did that.
“Are you going to be alright?” Tony asks, and Steve glances at him. There’s a tension in the little furrow between his eyebrows, the one that not many would notice or care about but it’s been close to a year, now, and he notices everything about Steve, catalogs them, gives them definition and reason. And this one--it only appears when Steve is worried, when he’s
“I’ll figure something out,” he says, and Sam shifts forward in his seat, licks sausage grease off his finger before he says, “Who says you gotta go to work right away. Why don’t you go back to school, get your masters like we talked about.”
Tony presses closer. "She wrote to me. Before we married, and gave it to me today. Pepper--when they told me you were dead, Pepper kept me alive. She kept the Kingdom afloat." Steve makes a noise, and his hands tighten on Tony, squeeze him closer. "Rhodey and James--they did their part. But I wouldn't be here, if I didn't have her. I think that's where Stane made his mistake--he killed you and I fell apart--but she put me back together and held everything in place, until I could do my duty."
It goes like this: someone shoves a gun into his back when he unlocks Peggy’s car after spending a few hours not finding a job.
“Steve wouldn’t,” Bucky says, softly. “But the man we just left with Thor? The only thing I know about him is that he’s physically the man I grew up with and that you loved. We don’t know who he is now. I’m with Rhodey on this, Majesty.”
He sighs, and rubs a hand over his eyes. He is so fucking
It hurt when Steve limped back to the Tower with a man shadowing him that Tony had never even
Nothing more is needed. Steve makes a face, rueful and a little bit bitter, and steps away from him.
He was completely out of control, when Tony was kidnapped, like Tony had ever been hurt by his kidnappers, like he hadn't arranged a few of his own abductions.
"Tell me," he says, fierce and hopeless.
"Doesn't seem like a very polite way to talk about your boss," he says, when he can breath, and she flashes a grin, all teeth and he has a sudden thought--this girl can
Today he wants to claim him, wants his love and need displayed like a goddamn sign.
, that Tony is a nosey bastard and of course he's checking up on Steve.
He’s not wearing the flag anymore, Tony notes, staring at Nomad. But then, America turned her back on her favorite son, and he returned the favor.
The only thing that changed was the court, where Anthony vanished, and Pepper reined.
, my lord."
When Steve is sixteen and it feels like his world is ending, he meets a beautiful brilliant boy--and he falls in love.
Tony grins at her and does as he's told.
“It’s not right,” Steve says stubborn and angry, and Tony smiles, unaccountably charmed.
Tony stares at him, his eyes wide and shiny and Rhodey glances at the Accords again.
She was suspicious, he knew. They both did. It would be
Howard’s hand catches in his hair, yanks his head back until a whine is building in his throat, trapped behind his teeth. “You little slut, can’t keep your goddamn hands off of--”
It’s progress.
He leans back against the trunk and Tony goes to his knees in the hot dirt and sucks him off and Steve stares down at him, at the endlessly entrancing sight of Tony Stark, bright and beautiful and decadent dirty perfect on his knees, choking himself on Steve’s cock.
Tony nods, and something clears in his eyes. He hipchecks Steve lightly aside, spits and rinses, before he straightens and says. “I have something for you.”
He shrugs, spreads his hands, like the wreckage they’re sitting in isn’t answer enough.
It comes out more wistful than he means, and Steve's face does something almost
The man’s face has been beaten so badly it’s almost unrecognizable, but he can still see the scar on his cheek that had twisted when he was laughing at Tony.
Tony’s quiet, just leans his head gently against Steve’s shoulder.
It used to be strange and thrilling, to hear Tony
She shrugs. "I've heard some rumors. About some new legislation."
Clint laughs, and Natasha steps out of the kitchen to see him, battering against the shutters.
And he’d never seen her again. He’d gone out of his way, to never see her again, to keep Tony from seeing her.
It’s Bucky, who starts it, so it makes sense, to drag him back into it.
“A campaign for the sympathy of the public,” she says, stiffly. “That’s what I said. I know that’s what I said because I have said it so many times, Tony, the words echo in my
but that doesn’t stop Pepper from giving him a dirty look.
He drops down next to her. This isn’t fair. None of it. Not to either of them.
They’ve fucked before.
Tony gasps, wet, and tips his head back. “Only for you, daddy.”
“I didn’t mean it,’ he says, and Steve squeezes him tight, holds him close so no one can ever steal him away again, and whispers, “I know, sweetheart. I know.”
It’s different because Steve stayed, when no one else did. When the world dragged Rhodey back into its damage control, when Pepper quietly voiced what he’d known was coming, when the nightmares and panic attacks and pain pushed Happy and the kid away--Steve stayed.
He screams against the tube and a pinprick in his arm, the shouting of the medics, before the fog of nothing drags him back down.
It makes him grin, and he buys Clint an extra hot dog, and when he comes back, while Clint is trying desperately to get off the phone, he says, "Tell Tony hey."
Steve bristles, and he's aware of Clint and Wanda clustering in the kitchen and Sam's sharp gaze on them, and Tony standing close enough to touch and a thousand miles away and that damn lazy smile.
Steve wonders if he dreams of Loki and mindless killing, or if he dreams of Pietro falling, body riddled with bullets.
The smears of red and gore are bodies.
"I think the Pursestrings has never wanted the weapons pits to be closed, and never wanted to be Steward."
It's strange, when he visits the Compound. It feels unfamiliar and ill-fitting, and it takes him almost six months of monthly visits to realize--it's like when he would stop by Triskelion, when he'd visit Steve there. When he was treated like an outsider, someone tolerated but never actually appreciated for who he was, whose only value was what he was bringing to the table.
"Keep an eye on it," Tony says and Rhodey gives him an unimpressed look, like he can't believe Tony is bothering to give him directions.
, and there was Howard, with Tony.
He checks on Steve though. Steve sees it, after a few days, the way Clint will answer his phone, ducking away from Steve for a few minutes as he talks low and fast, gaze flicking over him like he's memorizing him for a report and it clicks that he
?" Tony says, furious.
Tony nods, and turns the conversation to the mission Bucky and Sam had gone one, almost tactful in giving Sam space.
It took him four hours, to clean that time.
Tony pouts but Steve kisses him, deep and possessive, and Pepper glances up, appreciative, as Tony crawls in his boyfriend's lap. Reluctantly she snaps her fingers. "Hey. Finish your paperwork, so I can go home and you two can go to bed."
Sometimes, he forgets.
There’s a silence in the room, a tension that sits heavy in his bones. Wanda is quiet and still, anxious in a way that thrums against his skin, but his focus is on Tony.
He carries scars, even if they aren’t immediately obvious, and it makes him smile, a slow feral thing.
Rogers stares at him, with all the recognition of a stranger. With all the warmth of an enemy.
"He's gonna be mad at you."
He has the suit.
, you shouldn't be flirting with my boyfriend."
he knows, but the air is different, and he knows the AI isn't answering any further questions.
"I've tried, man. I've tried for years to let him go. I don't think I
“He isn’t going to leave me,” Rogers says, brushing aside the words. “Not because you threw around some tired threats.”
Steve kisses him.
Maybe killing a man should leave a stain. Maybe the execution of a traitor should serve as a reminder to everyone who stands on those stones.
Steve is quiet, long enough that he thinks Tony has fallen asleep, turning it over in his mind.
The tablet Rhodey hands to him causes a bit more of a reaction.
It's different than the smile he gets in the 'shop, when he's shouting at DUM-E and U, all caustic insults delivered in a sharp voice with a smile so soft it makes Steve
He pushes off the counter and steps past Steve, unhappy when Steve doesn’t reach for him and he twists in the door and says, “Come on, sweetheart. I want a shower before dinner.”
When Tony left, he left all of them. Peggy and Bucky and Steve. Losing him broke Steve's heart--but it broke something in all of them. And for the first time--Steve thinks maybe they can get it back.
It has been
They aren’t sleeping together.
This never occurred to him. Even in his best and most secret dreams, he never dreamt that Steve was still alive, that he'd come
She smiles, and leans back and Sam--
Not always--not enough to worry him, but sometimes, he wakes up and he can’t move, can’t breath, can only hear the echoing scrape of ice and metal, the crushing weight of the ice and the ocean, and the endless loneliness.
"Saving the world is a young man's game," he says, smile twisting sardonically, and Steve claps him on the back, sends him on his way and doesn't say--he's right.
"You're supposed to be sleeping," Tony says, not looking up from what he's reading. "You're still healing."
"You and Pepper have been planning on this art opening for months, beloved. Stay here. I'll be home in thirty-six hours."
"I did too," Tony murmurs. He steps in close, wraps his arms around Steve's neck while Steve's slip around his waist, his head tips up to reach for Tony's lips. "Never again, beloved. I promise."
Rumiko was startling, honestly. He didn't even know Tony
The thing is--he's not sure Tony is wrong. None of them can dig deep enough into politics to root out the rot, not while they're also Avengers. None of them can affect the Accords--and there is only so much you can do with the good will of the public.
He doesn't remember what happened.
"You are," Tony snarls and Steve groans, hooks his thumb in Tony's spit shiny hole, spread him and licks in, fucks his tongue in with one hand pinning Tony's hips to the rug, until Tony screams, his hole fluttering around Steve tongue.
In the apartment, Steve leads him into the bedroom, and Tony stands there, expression bemused, while Steve strips him carefully out of his clothes, until he stands naked beside their bed, and he can see the bruises left by Howard, blooming violent against his ribs and he reaches out, touches them softly.
“Weren’t they? Natasha?”
. Steve is arguing and he's holding Tony back, trying to stop him and it registers, distantly, that even while he's trying to stop him, Steve isn't using any force to make it stick, that Tony can brush him off like a fucking fly brushed aside.
, Captain Rogers had
I'm involved in that you don't know about," Tony says, disinterested.
He smiles during a press conference, and he's got soot on his face and his armor and there's blood trailing down his temple and his smile is shark sharp and challenging.
His CO is standing over his bed, and he stares up at the man who's been a friend and superior and compatriot for years.
Tony--Tony is a small shadow slipping into the room behind their foster mom, and Steve doesn’t really pay any attention to him as Peggy hands him a greasy paper sack, and he gives her the updates on Bucky.
“Your weapons do that on their own, Dad,” Tony smiles, “Isn’t that why you keep me around? Gotta keep SI relevant, and god knows you can’t.”
“I’m sorry, repeat that?” Natasha says. Her voice is almost painfully empty, the way it was in the beginning, right after New York. She hasn’t sounded like that--empty and reserved and
a denial.
“You can’t see him alone,” Rhodey says and it jerks Tony’s gaze up to his war general, his brother.
She gives him an unimpressed grimace and Steve raps his knuckles against the table. "Tony being here or not doesn't change the fact that we have a job to do," he says, sharply and he can feel them watching him.
Tony is crying, is aware that Steve is shushing him, a quiet hum of noise in his ear, that his hand is stroking through Tony's hair, and he thinks he should say something, something meaningful. Instead.
“Where the hell were you?” he asks, blunt, and Steve’s lips twitch.
For the first time in decades--he wonders if he did the right thing.
Rhodey makes a noise, patently disbelieving, and Tony meets his gaze. Steady. Unflinching.
"The lockdown will end when the Cassandra Protocol has been observed," FRIDAY says.
"FRIDAY, send them in, yeah?" Tony murmurs, and he blinks as--
“Measuring,” he says, and then turns back to Bucky, hands moving and muttering constant and Steve takes a breath, to snarl or curse, or scream but Peggy’s hand is soft on his shoulder.
"If we do this," Steve says softly, drawing Tony into his arms. "I have two demands. And after I tell you the first--you might not agree to the second."
He has nightmares.
Sunset hadn't managed to stomach being around Tony for longer than a few months. He huffs a sigh and scrubs a hand over his hair.
He kisses her and tells himself it's already broken.
It's better than any dream he ever had.
choose you.”
The dirty wicked smile Steve gives Tony.
They need to be hated enough that change is necessary, need to be hated enough that the rot feels safe enough to expose itself--and they need the public's love and good will, and support.
“Is this goodbye,” Tony demands and Steve blinks. “I know--I know. She’s your epic, your forever girl. You came back in time for her.”
The words echo around the table and Steve flushes, because.
“You loved me,” Tony says, soft and wondrous.
"It's a villa in Tuscany, Mama," he says, "Not the wilds of South America."
“Not sure I wanna know any more about what you’re cooking up if it’s from your shop.” Bucky drawls, and Tony flushes.
Sometimes, he forgets.
The video plays out, and the madman who played them all like fools watches, and he wants to scream.
Ana brings her a third glass of sherry, and she sips it while Obadiah and Howard whisper. She can still hear it, the sound of a fist hitting
They’re in the little loft Steve keeps, now that Tony has moved back to the Mansion. Tony is gloriously naked and Steve’s wrung three orgasms from him in as many hours--god bless youth--and is licking at his puffy hole almost reverently.
Rhodey asks him about it, after he leaves the team.
Medical robotics, this time.
It takes him two hours to realize that Tony is desperately in love with Steve.
It’s the way Tony never calls anyone else.
He waits, and three days later, while Bucky is sleeping and the hospital is quiet, while Steve is watching his brother because Bucky almost
Stane rumbles and Steve snarls, tugs Tony closer when he shivers. He wants to finish it, wants to beat them both into nothing more than blood and bone, and he wants to shut up Maria’s increasingly shrill screams, but Tony--
So he watches.
“What is it?” Steve asks, a whisper and the boy blinks, and opens the case.
Not until Tony's gaze lifts, lazily, from the princess, and he sets her on her feet, pats her shoulder and she hops down to the strange knight as Anthony straightens.
"You can't go looking for crime in the hopes of seeing your crime boss boyfriend, Steve," Sam bites out and when he puts it like *that, it does sound bad.
"I saw. Mr. Stane will take care of him."
attacked him?" Sam demands, strangled, "Cap, what the hell--"
you.”
Tony makes a noise, a wordless shriek of fury, and Steve clicks off, handing the phone to Clint who stares at it woefully.
"But that's not a good thing," Sam snaps. "And what happens when Tony decides you're more trouble than your worth."
He’s never
Pepper is still in the penthouse, looking at some of Steve's paintings and finishing a bottle of wine, when the phone rings.
He grins, and it’s so pleased, so eager to get away, to
Howard snarls and the world
"You said there were two things," Tony says, and it jerks Steve out of his thoughts. "I know about Barnes. What's the other?"
“You in trouble?” he asks, because that matters, first.
“Sweetheart,” he breathes, and Tony almost sobs, his hands scrabbling at Steve’s clothes, a whimpering little noise spilling out of his lips that Steve eventually realizes is him
“The New Avengers have kept a low profile,” Pepper says, and it’s almost apologetic, a glance at Rhodey to soften the blow. “Spider-man’s been busy with New York and Hope is doing what she can in California but for the most part—the team you’ve built hasn’t done anything that the public can rally around.”
“Carter,” Bucky says and Rhodey shivers. There’s endless winter in his tone, and it draws her up short. “Don’t. It’s over. It’s done. There’s no more game to play here--you lost before it even started. Let it go. Let
There's nothing left to do. No one to fight, sure as hell no one left to protect.
, but breathing hurts, so he mostly just wheezes. "What the fuck happened, Stane? This kind of damage is what I see in car accidents."
It wasn't Steve's fault, he thinks, and the morphine digs it's blessed claws in, dulls the pain. "It's Tony's fault," he slurs, and lets the pain and the morphine drag him under.
But there's this too.
, kissing him, rocking against him, and for the first time since he heard them fucking, Rhodey can’t hear them, can’t hear anything but the pounding of his heart and Bucky’s soft dirty velvet voice breathing, “Easy, flyboy. I got you.”
"He likes me," Steve says smugly.
“Howard--when you were gone. He didn’t handle it the way I thought he should,” Steve says, carefully and Tony doesn’t laugh. He can see the way that Steve would handle it, smeared across his eyelids when he closes his eyes.
“Look, man, I’m real sorry, but I need the car.”
He breathes.
"I will not stay married to you, while you love him," Pepper says, very even.
Steve stares at him, and caught in that cold cold gaze, Fury feels as close to fear as he’s been in decades, frozen and trapped and he has no one to blame but himself.
"He came back to warn you," Pepper says, softly and Tony looks at her. They're alone, Peter and Morgan tucked away with Natasha. He has no idea where Steve went, and it worries him, distantly. Steve will return though--he thinks nothing could stop that, now that he has once.
them, and he wonders sometimes, as he comes with their sex filling up the air and his hand around his cock, alone in his bed, he wonders if they hear him.
at it, living in the limelight, has to be good at it since it's all he's ever known--but it still has to be exhausting.
He almost jolts. It's strange, hearing the familiar nickname from a stranger, and he wonders, watching her vanish into the street traffic, just how much Tony has told her about him.
Steve frowns, and then, “She likes me better than Bucky.”
"What the hell was that?" Clint asks, sharply.
Steve shook his head again. He was struggling with trying to process seeing Tony again and possibly relaunching Synergy. But there was no way he could move forward with the team.
. You guys act like you used to be married,” he chuckled loudly before walking away from Steve to get to his bedroom, “I’m going out, but don’t wait up for me unless you and Tony have more plans later.” He added before closing the door to his bedroom.
Tony let out a painful groan as he let his body slide forward so that his top half was lying in the seat of his chair. Bruce walked over to pat him awkwardly on the shoulder. Tony sank lower into the chair, staring up at the trusses in the ceiling.
“Obadiah, you’re fired, but that’s not the least of your problems.” Pepper answered coolly.
Tony scoffed, keeping his back turned. “A couple means precisely two. If you’ve been out on three or more dates than that’s a few. And several,” he huffed with a slight hand wave, “that’s a
Tony grinned to himself as he watched the specs to the one of the suits run up the projection in front of him.
Tony glared at Loki. “That sounds like a challenge I’m willing to bet on.”
How, apparently, Tony looks at Steve ‘like he hung the moon’ James' words not Steve’s, Steve doesn’t think this is true, though according to James that’s because Tony only ever does it when Steve isn’t looking,
“This is fun. We’re watching” he pauses to glance at the screen “whatever this is. We’re talking and eating, what more do you want.”
“Will it stop you from talking constantly?” He can’t seem to stop smiling and it’s obvious from his voice that he doesn’t mind in the slightest. Tony takes the bait anyway and smiles roguishly, his voice serious as he says “I don’t know, it might, you’d probably have to try it more than once to gath…”
?” He stands up straight and removes his hands from his pockets and crosses them lightly against his chest as he waits for Tony’s answer.
Steve knows that Tony knows he’s been caught out, he still makes one last valiant attempt at sticking to his story “I must have flushed my system when I threw up.” It comes out as more of a question than he probably intended, and Steve decides he’s had enough.
Steve follows Tony down the hall, he’s not quite fast enough to stop the door from closing in his face though.
“Can you take this seriously, we’re having a moment” Steve implores, though he quite likes that neither of them has made this into an intense
he said it. He shakes his head lightly, as if the thought will disappear with the action, maybe he’s reading too much into everything given his earlier potential revelation.
the next the whole worlds out of focus and I can hardly breath. I stumbled to the bathroom and I called you.” Tony finishes breathlessly and the fight drains out of him.
“Yes” that’s all he says as he turns towards the hallway that leads to his bedroom.
Steve thinks with an eye roll.
Steve expects Tony to be deliberately obtuse or try to deny it, but his response comes almost immediately. “Cause you were with James.”
In a bid to rectify the situation he tries to explain “Around the time you said that you’re in love with Rhodey” he can see on his face that Tony’s still having a hard time with it, so he tries to offer some reasoning, “I’m jealous.” He’s trying to hide the fact that his heart is about to beat out of his chest and hopes that his voice doesn’t give away how nervous he is.
Steve thinks,
“Exactly! I just want him to be happy and
Steve recognises the look on his face this time and wonders if he has the patience to deal with this. “I told you that night, I was roofied” Tony collapses back down, his head bouncing off the mattress a little with the impact, he’s avoiding eye contact and sounding a lot less convincing than a moment ago.
“Because I knew you’d come.” Tony states, like it’s an absolute truth.
He releases the tension that had snuck its way into his shoulders and feels himself lighten. He wants to keep the conversation going so that he has more time to decide how he feels about the fact that Tony’s in love with him, so he adds to Tony’s statement, “And you’ve never been jealous of Rhodey’s girlfriends?” It’s not really a question, Tony would have told him if he had any ill feelings about any of the women Rhodey’s been involved with. Steve only ever remembers him being happy that his friend was happy.
“How do you know he said anything?” Steve responds with his own question.
“Oh good, you do understand” Tony says drolly, he’s smiling though, and Steve knows everything will work out, whatever happens.
Tony’s response comes too quickly to be genuine, “I thought I was gonna throw up.” Steve’s sure he deliberately misunderstands, though whether that’s because he doesn’t want to answer or just because he can, is still up for debate.
Steve adds in his head. The emphasis at the end of that sentence isn’t missed by James, who quickly tries to cause an argument, “Is that what the kids are calling it these days?” James asks with a laugh. “I think the words you’re looking for are more along the lines of fuck buddy.” He continues with great relish.
Steve goes back to collecting his belongings, picking up one of his sketchbooks from the coffee table. “I assumed you’d be out longer, so we could avoid this…” he motions the space between them, hoping, somehow, to encompass the awkward tension that has filled the apartment.
Steve thinks sardonically, mentally rolling his eyes, he’s beyond exasperated at this point and struggling to
Steve huffs out a breath, glad he’d already swallowed the beer he was drinking “I don’t get why you two never liked each other.” He shakes his head while he says it.
Steve thinks, trying not to let a smile escape.
Having not expected the intrusion Steve is shocked by his ex’s sudden appearance. Though he does experience a sort of sick sense of gratification when James’ eyes bug out upon seeing him standing in his living room. Steve somehow manages to keep the surprise from his face, or at least, he hopes he does.
“What difference does it make?” Tony sounds resigned to fact they’re having this conversation.
he thinks, “Yeah you said that already, I’m just struggling to understand you’re reasoning”
“Well you do have impeccable taste” Tony says evenly flicking his eyes in Steve’s direction and flashing a smirk.
To his credit, he looks straight at James as he speaks, though he fails to hide the vexation in his tone.  “Picking up my stuff,”-he roughly folds the blanket and places it in his holdall, as if to make his point-“like I told you I would be, on Monday.” Steve adds distractedly, knowing that he sent a text and James replied saying he would make himself scarce for the duration of Steve’s visit.
it can wait until he’s feeling better,
?” He asks, voice full of contempt. Steve knows better than to rise to the bait but biting his tongue has never really been in his nature so he’s quick to reply, “Yes, I’m still living in the same apartment as my roommate.”
Steve’s head turns when he hears a key in the door and he freeze’s, bent over the couch, gathering up the blue comforter he left in his rush to be gone from this place.
Steve spends the elevator ride up to his and Tony’s apartment trying to shake the previous thoughts from his head. He doesn’t want to believe that Tony would be that manipulative but looking back he keeps remembering little things that, at the time, hadn’t seemed important, but with hindsight may all be connected.
“I kinda did” Tony’s sat on the end of his bed leaning his elbows on his knees with his head in his hands, “what more do you want from me?” he lays back, keeping his feet on the floor and letting his arms fall to his sides.
The urge to smile fades when Tony’s words register and is replaced with confusion and disbelief. “We’ve known each other over 5 years” there’s incredulity in Steve’s tone but he finds himself unbothered, “I was with James for less than one.”
Steve starts laying the food out on the coffee table as Tony makes his way over, drinks and cutlery in hand. He settles onto the left side of their three-seater couch and Tony sits next to him on the centre cushion placing the beers on the table and handing Steve a fork. “How was it? Did you get all of your stuff, or had he turned it into a shrine?” Tony asks playfully, nudging Steve’s shoulder with his own.
“Ok so we’ll definitely be talking about
Tony sighs heavily and puts his head in his hands, he makes to stand up, but Steve stops him with a gentle hand on his leg, a little farther away from the knee than he’d intended.
“Best decision you ever made” Tony looks at him then “look at the fun we’re having” he spreads his arms wide, a look of false enthusiasm taking over his features.
