“Believe me, he won’t even notice John’s in the room tonight – no offence, John. He always attaches himself to any of the men wearing anything even slightly feminine, and the way you’re styled tonight, he’ll be all over you.” Niall checked his watch and started to walk backwards towards the stairs. “They’ll be coming in at any minute now – good luck tonight, you two.” Shooting them both a last appraising glance, he disappeared downstairs.
“Aquamenti,” Sherlock muttered, shifting his fingers nervously on the wand.  John placed a hand on his hip and squeezed it reassuringly.
John dropped his mobile into his lap as he attempted to soothe Cecelia and therefore could tell that Sherlock continued to message him from the various vibrations coming from the area of his midsection and groin.  After close to ten minutes of hushing noises, soothing caresses, and reenactments of stories starring her bee, Cecelia finally let out a single dramatic sniffle and went quiet.  John heaved a sigh of relief and let his head fall against the side of her seat with a dull thump while another buzz echoed from the vicinity of his left thigh.
John let out a laugh that verged on hysterical and tucked the dildo gun into his left holster, willing the erection that was trying to show its interest to calm. Sherlock zipped up the bag and stashed it under the dressing table before leading the way out the door. They found Niall sprawled in a chair in the meeting room, his head resting back on the wall and a hand covering his face. John nudged one of his feet with the toe of his shoe and Niall let his arm drop with a sigh.
Counting out pieces of Valerian root, Sherlock nodded.  “It could.  Do you have any reason to think it will be awkward?”
“I…I dunno,” John lied, unable to do much more than shake his head again.  He fought down a wave of unusual nausea as memories flooded him.  “Sherlock…”
I apologize in advance for the emotions at the beginning of this chapter.  Sherlock's really a smol sad nugget, but John'll make it better.
“No time like the present, then, I guess,” Teddy replied, the half grin on his face morphing into a beaming smile.  “You don’t think we’re too young?”
Sherlock smiled weakly and nudged one of John’s hands.  “Thank you.  I don’t know why I let him bother me so – “
“As you are all aware,” Sherlock cut in, his expression blank, “we’ve decided that given John’s past in regard to marriage, we would like to avoid it for the time being.  Just because all of you have said your I do’s doesn’t mean we must.”
John scrambled to pick up his jacket and follow Sherlock down the stairs. He bypassed the main floor to go down to the ground floor, where more of Lestrade’s crew mingled about. Niall sat in one of the chairs by the window, his shoulders slumped and his face white. John made his way over to him and sat beside him.
“Yeah, we’ve been together for quite a few years,” John was saying, turning to grin at him.  “Been working together even longer, since it took us a ridiculous amount of time to realise how we felt.  It’s been worth it, though, the work and us both.”
“I, um…may know about the wizarding world.  A bit.  More than a lot of people, actually.”
Sherlock jerked his head in an awkward sign of understanding as he shook under John’s touch.  Gradually the burning sensation edged into near freezing before tapering off completely.  John waited until the shaking subsided before releasing Sherlock’s neck, his cheeks tinting a soft pink at the intimacy of its placement.
“Oh yes, thank God I’ve found
” Sherlock shouted, his voice dissolving quickly into a moan.  “Fuck, John, do it already!”
There was a decent sized Tesco’s about a block down from the clinic, so John figured it was as good a place to start as any.  Sarah didn’t mention whether she wanted anything in particular and the last time John purposefully bought anything holiday-themed was when Harry asked him to bring along a bottle of red to make mulled wine at the single Christmas party of hers he willingly attended.  His own flat, better now that he could afford something more than the bedsit where he originally lived on his return to London, remained indifferent to the holiday, John not finding it worthwhile to decorate if he was going to be the only one to see any of it.  He mostly focused on finding anything still available at such a late date, rather than concerning himself over the quality or the contents.
I'd apologize for the corny ending but they're cute so I won't.
John went straight to bed when he got home, lacking the energy to make any dinner or even shower. Thankfully the stress that had been keeping him up late every night since the case started was beaten out by pure exhaustion. As a result, he woke early and well rested, albeit starving. The sun had only just started to light up the sky when he snuck downstairs, praying Sherlock was in his room. When John couldn’t find him in any of the main areas of the flat and spotted his bedroom door closed, he assumed he was sleeping. Sighing in relief, he went into the bathroom to finally shower off the come, lube, and other remnants of the night before.
Sherlock smiled and nodded as he sat.  They subtly watched each other over Cecelia’s head as the rest of the professors trickled in and took to their chairs.  Thankfully, Doyle seemed to be seated at the opposite end of the table, but he still made a point to catch Sherlock’s eye as he entered.  He smirked at Sherlock before taking his seat and Sherlock forced himself not to frown in reply.
“So little respect given what I have done for you,” Mycroft chided, making his way over to the fireplace and choosing to take a seat in John’s armchair.  His long fingers locked over his knees once he lowered himself down, umbrella placed with delicate care at his side.  “Aren’t you even going to try and pretend to be courteous and ask if I require tea?”
…are you…”  Before he could finish his sentence, her arms waved again and the mobile spun, causing the shapes to dance above her and make her giggle.  She clapped her hands and the speed slowed, steadily moving and changing colours in rapid succession.
“Found anything interesting yet?” Sherlock asked, taking the seat across from John after giving Cecelia’s head a good morning pat.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow at him and cleared his throat. “No, but I would prefer if we stayed together this evening. I want it to be clear that I answer only to you, even though the audience members aren’t allowed to touch us.”
“Alright, alright,” John soothed, pulling off his cock and moving back to where Sherlock’s hand sat.  “Impatient man.”  Grinning, John shimmied them down to nestle directly below his cock, hiding his balls and straining at his lower hips.  Sherlock leaned back against the table once more and stared down at John, watching him intently.
Currently Sherlock stood in the kitchen, a half forgotten mug of tea in one hand and his mobile in the other.  He leaned his hip against the table as his eyes darted across the screen, reading some article Lestrade had sent him about their last solved case.  Where his hip jutted into the table’s edge, the dressing gown bunched up just above his pants, drawing John’s already interested gaze to where they sat low under his exposed hipbones.  As he stared down the skin that taunted both his fingers and tongue, John licked his lips and stood to stalk across the room towards Sherlock.
They remained silent as they walked, John basking in his nervous excitement and Sherlock cautiously hopeful that this time would actually be a success.  When John had led them roughly a quarter of the way along the lake, he changed course and began to follow a worn and almost invisible track into the woods.  The trees in this part of the forest were more spread out than in others, creating small clearings of sun blazing down onto patches of various plants.  After a few minutes of walking, John stopped them before a somewhat larger clearing and waited for Sherlock to understand what he saw.
John receives a letter one morning from Hogwarts, offering him an opportunity he didn't expect.  Together, he and Sherlock come to terms with what this will mean for their lives and begin the task of revealing their magical abilities to those closest to them.
Without replying verbally, Mary pulled up her sleeve to reveal her right forearm. Against the pale skin was the skull and snake, standing out in stark relief in the moonlight. Although Sherlock itched to inspect it closer, he remained solidly at John's side. Even from the distance, he could see the lines along the edges of the Mark morph along her skin as though it was always there, more natural than any Muggle tattoo and significantly more permanent. Yet even as they watched, the skin along her arm wavered and rippled. Quicker than it likely took for the Mark to first be placed, the skin on her arm cleared back to its normal solid peach as though it never existed. Though they knew she was a metamorphmagus, having such solid proof of seeing it happen before their eyes was still a shock.
“We’ve been through a lot here; it makes sense that you’d hate to leave it.  Particularly since the last time we both had to leave it was under less…positive circumstances.”
“No bikes.  Andy at school has a bike an’ he fell off of it an’ now he’s got a big scrape on his knee.  I don’t want a bike.”
“Right on.  Students usually got their letters of acceptance around eleven and would finish up at around seventeen, just in time to get their Apparation license.”
“Well, in that case, I suppose you won’t mind cleaning up,” John said as he pulled himself out of Sherlock’s grip with a chuckle and moved back into the living room.  “Since you’re really the reason why there’s come shot all across the floor.”
John rubbed at the back of his neck as he absentmindedly scanned the shelves.  “Yeah, well…part of that’s Hogwarts, part of it being a member of the Order and fighting in the resistance.  And I mean, I didn’t
Sherlock raised an intrigued eyebrow at him but did as he was told, returning to the kitchen fully dressed a few minutes later.  Just as he sat back at his seat at the table, John’s mobile buzzed with a message and he shot down the stairs.  Sherlock huffed out a sigh and picked up a neglected piece of waffle from Cecelia’s tray, nibbling at it absentmindedly.  He crumbled off a bit of it and flicked it across the room, causing Cecelia to giggle.  With a sly grin, he rolled the rest of it into a tight ball and placed it on the tabletop.  Just as he was about to flick it across the room with a careful finger, he heard two sets of steps ascending the stairs, accompanied by the scrambling clicks of climbing claws.
“I’ve gotten better at containing my strops,” Sherlock said with a grin.  “That isn’t a character trait that I’d like to pass on to Cecelia.”
Before John could reply, a sharp crack echoed through the flat, causing them both to jump.  Sherlock hunched over the edge of the couch, using his chest and arms to shield Cecelia.  Cecelia, meanwhile, let out a joyful squeal at the sound, tiny hands clapping and pointing at the figure that had suddenly appeared in the room.  John recovered from the shock next, jumping to his feet to seize the young man into a tight hug.  The hug was returned with enthusiasm and a laugh that caused Sherlock to finally glance up.
“These are the ones I’ve enjoyed the most in the past,” Sherlock said, his voice shockingly casual considering he just showed John his entire collection of sex toys. “I’ll let you choose which you’d feel more comfortable using.”
"Sherlock." John had shuffled over to a window as Sherlock spoke. He used the sleeve of his jacket to rub a small patch in the grime and peer out into the night. When he spoke, Sherlock shot up and crossed to his side, not even taking the moment to clear the dust from his knee. Their view led out towards the water, the cliff side almost invisible as it melted into the horizon. Just along the edge, hardly distinguishable from the dark shapes of the night around it, was an odd silhouette that appeared to be sitting and staring down into the water.
“The Met’s got this exhibit going on, has since October, with some of the stuff from their Crime Museum,” John explained, pulling Sherlock forward.  “It’s not everything, obviously, but it’s more than the public has been allowed to see since the early 20th century.  I know you’ve been pestering Greg to let you look into it practically since you started working with them, but until now only official members of the force could until this exhibit.  It’s been popular as hell, practically packed to the walls every day, so I talked with Greg and he managed to pull some strings and get us in after the rest of the museum was closed.  We’ve only got about two hours, but it’s all ours.”
Niall was waiting for them in the entranceway when they arrived, shooting them a distracted smile as he looked over a stack of paperwork. John barely listened to him as he led them upstairs, explaining how the evening would progress and which repeat customers would be attending. He left them to finish their costumes in the dressing room, taking their coats and shouting back over his shoulder at them to meet him in the performance room when they were ready.
And forcing at fate
“Makes sense.” John finished his last sip of tea and considered his next words, fiddling with the handle of his mug. “I…hope you were okay tonight? That everything was…fine?”
“John, I don’t believe Harry intended for you to get involved directly.  He knew you were back in the Muggle world and intended it as a warning, from what I understand.  He doesn’t wish to bring you back into the wizarding world if it’s not what you want, nor does he wish to do you harm by bringing up old memories.”
Her eyes were wide when she turned them on John.  “Can I, Da?”
Neville met them in the entrance hall, Cecelia happily bouncing in his arms and all of their things packed neatly in their bags at his feet.  At the sight of John and Sherlock, she squealed in delight, her tiny fists grasping out for them while she leaned forward in Neville’s grasp.  With a bright laugh, John snatched her up in a hug and allowed her to curl into his chest.  When she saw Sherlock standing back slightly from them, she reached out a hand to encourage him forward, her opposite thumb firmly fixed into her mouth.  The small smile the gesture put on Sherlock’s face caused John to pull him forward himself to bring their lips together again.  They were encouraged to part at the sound of McGonagall clearing her throat.
. I love it, and you, and I feel the same way.”
Slipping his hand around Sherlock’s waist, John replied, “Hmm, I think we can arrange something that would be mutually beneficial, don’t you?”
“Are you ready, love?” John whispered, teasing the tip of his cock at Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock nearly dislodged the hand on his cheek as he nodded encouragement. John pushed forward in a single slow slide, pausing only once he bottomed out. The two of them panted into each other’s mouths, Sherlock’s clutching hands coming up to wrap around John’s neck. John forced his eyes open to take in Sherlock’s open mouthed expression of bliss. Without consciously making the choice, he brought his thumb down to trace along his top lip and Sherlock instantly pulled it into his mouth and sucked. John groaned deep in his chest and pulled out to the tip before shoving himself back in, forcing Sherlock to release his thumb to let out a yelp.
“There’s actually a reason we wanted to ask all of you here tonight,” John began nervously.  Before he could get very far, however, Greg interrupted him.
“Some of it.”  Sherlock nudged the skull, causing it to turn slightly to the left and right at the direction of his fingertips.  “Why did you apologize?”
“Perhaps a bit,” Sherlock said without enthusiasm.  John pulled him in tighter and rubbed his nape.
Her face turned instantly impassive once more. "They were another Muggle family as far as we were told, ones that were known to be particularly close to a local wizarding family in the town. I assumed we were to kill them to teach the wizards how weak these friends of theirs were, how pointless their endeavours to become close to them would be. It was a quick job – get in, do the kill, leave the Mark over their house. No different than all the other Muggle attacks we'd done. It was Yaxley's idea to carve Mudblood into their foreheads. Apparently he knew the couple had a son who had gone to Hogwarts and he thought it would be an appropriate added touch."
“This is more than just a usual dinner date.”  Sherlock scanned what he could see of John, which thankfully didn’t include the odd, lumpy shape of the ring pouch in his trouser pocket.  “You’re acting peculiar.  And since when do we get free things without doing anything to gain gratitude for them first?  I haven’t said more than half a dozen words to…whatever it is her name is, I’ve deleted it, so why would she bring us free drinks?”  His face smoothed out for a moment as a thought came to him before it twisted into a scowl.  “Does she not realise that we are a romantic couple?  Quick, John, while she’s looking, kiss me before she – “
“It’s gone well, really well,” John added.  “He’s brilliant at everything else, so I knew once he set out to do it he’d be amazing, but he’s still surprised me.  You’d think the wand was part of his hand with how well he performs magic.”
“Yes, I suppose you did.”  Downstairs, another ring at the front door followed by Mrs. Hudson’s voice told them that Cecelia was home early.  “So much for that alone time Mrs. H suggested.  You ready to tell our daughter the news?”
“Hello, beautiful girl,” Molly cooed, giggling when Cecelia clutched one of her fingers in a tight, tiny fist.  Cecelia yanked her finger around with happy, echoing giggles, pulling the tip into her mouth.  Molly took it back and attempted to favour her with a stern look that came out more as amused.  “Now, none of that, little miss.  You don’t know where that finger’s been.”
McGonagall still sat behind her desk, scribbling on a piece of parchment when they burst inside.  The noise hardly bothered her, the only indication that she had even noticed coming from her raised hand as she gestured at the various portraits decorating the walls.  Sherlock slowly spun to glance at each individually, his mouth slightly open in amazement.
“If you look further back, there are some from when I was captain,” John said, pulling Sherlock out of his dazed staring.  He briefly looked up at John before skipping further back into the book.  His breath caught when he narrowed in on a picture of John on the ground surrounded by his teammates, all of them laughing with their arms around each other.  Clearly it was a practice, since John wore a pair of shorts and a t-shirt rather than the usual uniform.  The shorts clung tightly to his muscled thighs and the biceps that were normally hidden in the fabric of his robes stood out in relief where he stretched to wrap an arm around a friend.  Much of the youthful roundness in his cheeks had smoothed out into a face much more familiar to Sherlock.  Though still one of the shortest people in the picture, John stood prominent at the centre of the group, radiating light and joy.
,” John gasped as he set a steady but slow pace, almost pulling all the way out with every movement. Sherlock devolved into whining pants, his hands constantly moving across whatever parts of John’s skin he could find. When one of his enormous palms found one of John’s arsecheeks and squeezed, John let out a long moan that he didn’t think would ever end and pushed himself up to his knees without dislodging himself from Sherlock. He pulled Sherlock up into his lap, his own leverage and Sherlock’s bracing shoulders on the bed helping to push him in even deeper. Sherlock threw his head back and braced his hands against the headboard to stop from knocking against it.
John spent every possible free moment at Baker Street, answering questions Sherlock shot out occasionally and helping him dig through the complicated materials.  Given the time period when the deaths occurred, the information on the case was scattered, as disconnected as the Ministry itself was at the time.  The only reason the case was even recorded in official Ministry paperwork was because it happened before Voldemort was able to infiltrate it, and it thankfully had been saved from being carelessly destroyed over an obsession with getting rid of anything Muggleborn related.  Not even Death Eaters could be minded with those who were already dead and out of the way.
John woke to a tapping at the window, causing him to bolt up and rush to open it.  A barn owl sat on the sill, a piece of parchment tied on her leg.  As soon as he removed it, she took off into the morning.  Once he’d unrolled and read it, he snagged his dressing gown and rushed out into the sitting room in search of Sherlock.  When he wasn’t to be found out there for a second day in a row, John took the stairs two at a time and threw open Cecelia’s door.
“It’s odd, John.  I don’t like it.”  Harry’s voice tinged with worry and John could tell he was shaking his head on the other end of the line.  “Just watch out for yourself and those close to you, all right?  I know they’ve targeted you before, and there’s no way to know if they’ll do it again.”
John felt his orgasm creeping up on him and brought his hand up to wrap it firmly around Sherlock’s cock. As he dragged his hand up it and rubbed his thumb roughly over the head, Sherlock encouraged him with an almost constant litany of John’s name. It morphed into a wordless shout as John obviously found Sherlock’s prostate again and he swiveled his hips to get as much sensation out of him as possible. Before he even had the chance to warn John, Sherlock clenched down impossibly tighter on his cock and came, his mouth open in a soundless scream. Sherlock just started to twitch with sensitivity as John came as well, his knees giving out on him and making him slump down against Sherlock’s chest. He shivered through the aftershocks, Sherlock running a gentle hand through his hair keeping him centred on the moment. He finished with a sigh and snuffled against Sherlock’s chest, shimmying his arms under him to wrap around him and keep him in place.
“Pleasure to finally get the chance to meet you.”  They continued to hold each other’s hands for longer than was most likely polite, simply staring at one another, until the boy still standing beside Sherlock turned back to face the room.
We are bound to an eternal round
“You adorable sod, of course we’re moving back.”  His expression turned briefly uncertain.  “As long as you’ll have us, of course.”
“I have to stop home to pick up some things and check up on Mary and Cecelia, but I’ll be back, I promise.  We’ll talk more when you wake.  Now sleep.”
“We wanna learn!” Cecelia declared, spinning around from the row of ingredients she had been inspecting to beam up at him.
“Next week’s performers definitely won’t show now,” Niall muttered, running a hand through his hair. “Honestly, I don’t blame them. We might have to cancel until we figure out what’s going on.”
“Curses don’t always leave physical marks.”
I’m not about to tell a
John let out a choked gasp as Sherlock sucked lightly at the junction of neck and shoulder, applying just enough pressure for John to feel like his skin was on fire from sensation but not enough to leave a mark. Sherlock moved his lips up higher, coaxing John into letting his head fall back. Once he had done so, Sherlock moved to his Adam’s apple, running his tongue around the edges before latching his lips around it. John’s hands snapped up to grasp desperately at Sherlock’s elbows as he gasped for breath, his knees already turning wobbly.
“More like he came with James and was waiting for him to be finished so we might as well have this out now.”
“Is their problem, not yours.  Jesus, Greg, you’re a bloody amazing officer and a more than decent friend.  The fact that you’ve turned out so well growing up around all of that is proof of how amazing
With his hand resting where a head belonged, John lifted the helmet up to eye level.  He studied it for a moment longer before reaching a decision.  Stuffing it under his arm, he pulled out the towels he originally sought and shut the cupboard door.  The towels were left in the bathroom; the helmet made its way upstairs, settling on the floor just beside the table where the key was still hidden.
“At least they did let me go to Muggle school, so I wasn’t completely useless and I got a chance to get away from that hell house.  The second I turned seventeen, I left, grabbed as much shit of any value I could, packed up my clothes, and just walked away.  I doubt they even cared about what I stole because at least it meant that I was gone.  They probably didn’t even bother looking for me once I left.”
“It doesn’t say anything about her being a metamorphmagus,” Sherlock said quietly, slipping the book from John’s now lax grip to read it over.  “Wouldn’t that be mentioned?”
Groaning and rolling his eyes, Sherlock used a great gulp of butterbeer as a moment to calm his nerves.  “Haven’t you ever learned when to tell when you aren’t wanted?  Surely I can’t be the only one constantly annoyed by your presence.”
Sherlock studied John’s pleading expression and his shoulders slumped.  “Um, okay,” he said weakly.  Letting out a whoop, John snatched up his free hand again and looked around the room once more.
John wasn’t entirely sure if his full meaning was caught in his cryptic words, but regardless Sherlock let out a breath and nodded.  They passed Cecelia over to Neville, who cradled her with practiced ease.  John felt his chest constrict as they said their goodbyes.  It took all of his willpower not to turn back as they headed off in the direction of Hogsmeade, feeling unpleasantly empty.  He stirred a bit when Sherlock’s hand darted out to squeeze his, and he refocused on what Sherlock had deduced from Harry’s note.
“I’m not alone,” Sherlock was quick to snap back.  “John is currently up at the bar ordering our food.”
“That is, to put it simply, utterly impossible,” she stated with a jerking shake of her head.  “A Muggle would be unable to even see the Leaky, let alone enter it properly unescorted.  He ought to have only had the view of an empty abandoned building, even if he entered it with your encouragement.  The Muggle Repelling Charms simply wouldn’t allow such a thing.”
Shooting him a distracted nod, Sherlock climbed into the cab only to immediately roll down his window.  “By the way, John, don’t think this gets you off for your real reason at 221b.  Particularly after this enlightening case of ours.”  Before John could reply, the cab took off.
Niall must have read the disappointment on his face. “John…”
“It’s just.”  He shook his head and straightened, spinning around to face John and lean back against the counter.  He kept his eyes downcast and bit his bottom lip, toying with it with his teeth.  “Nothing I’ve tried has worked.  This isn’t the first time I’ve attempted a potion and it’s ended badly.  None of this is working, even when I use my own wand rather than yours.”
“Not to worry.  So we’ve got Peppa Pig and we’ve got legos…what else do you want to ask Santa to get you for Christmas?”
But with Sherlock as his roommate, he had to tread carefully. He had no idea how Sherlock felt about sex, let alone sharing it or the nude body with strangers on the internet, and it wasn’t exactly something to bring up in casual conversation. Besides, the mere thought of talking about it with Sherlock made his face flush and his heartbeat kick into double time. Talking about it meant talking about Sherlock and sex, and Sherlock and sex made John feel like he was a hormonal teenager all over again. Just the thought of Sherlock had already resulted in several new posts for his followers, caught in the seldom moments when he had class and John didn’t. Discussing it with him in order to get a few evenings alone to work would be difficult all on its own, but admitting he was a source of inspiration too would make it nearly impossible, and John couldn’t imagine revealing this side of himself without telling Sherlock the whole truth.
Sherlock whimpered sadly and looked up, but he fought to push away John’s hands when he realized what he was doing.  He quickly moved in to unbutton and unzip John’s jeans, shoving them down around his hips and reaching for his pants.  As soon as he got them down enough to reveal a bit of John’s cock, he lurched up and took the tip into his mouth.  The motion distracted John in his attempt to push the material down his legs.  He groaned and moved a hand to rest on Sherlock’s head, twining his fingers in his hair and letting him move however he saw fit.  Unfortunately, the amount of skin and room available interfered and John reluctantly pulled Sherlock off.
John settled himself against the headboard, one hand reaching out to tangle in Sherlock’s curls.  Sherlock let out a rumbling purr and buried himself back into the pillows, humming for John to continue.  Chuckling in reply, John patted Sherlock’s bum before yanking all of the bedding off of him.  Sherlock yelped as he curled into a tight ball, a single glaring eye staring out from above his elbow.  “It’s four o’clock in the bloody afternoon, Sherlock.  Get your arse out of bed or we’ll be late.”
“No,” he muttered, leaning down toward him and apparently thinking better of it. Instead, he pulled John back up into a sitting position, shuffling back on his knees to give him room. “Orgasm denial. It was on your list.”
John kneaded his sides reassuringly.  “We’ve proven you have magic, Sherlock.  That’s all you need.  If you’ve got that, Ollivander can find you a wand.”
“We’d have to tell them,” John muttered, staring vacantly at the wall.  “All of them.  Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly…they’d never let us just leave without knowing why, or even just without an idea of where we’re going.  God, that would break so many of the laws under the Statute of Secrecy…”
Once he settled John comfortably, he squeezed more lube onto both his hands and the dildo. As soon as his hands were covered, he moved his focus back to John’s arse, carefully prying open his cheeks with one while the other circled around his hole. John choked on a gasp as the warming spread across the skin of his bottom. Sherlock’s fingers felt like tiny, teasing flames as they smoothed around his hole, covering all of the area around the small opening with the lube. When he finally pushed a finger in, John threw his head back and clenched his teeth around a moan. He had always imagined that Sherlock would be good at this, from his fingers’ long lengths and their flexibility from playing violin. The fact that he was now being proven right was almost more than he could comprehend at the moment.
“It is, yeah.  I haven’t got too many photos of her…the last one was when she and her husband got married.  It was just a small, quick thing since we were in the middle of what was essentially a war, but they asked me to be one of the witnesses.”  He handed the picture back and smiled sadly at Sherlock.  “You would have liked her, and Remus.”
“What could have happened to it?” Mycroft asked, moving forward to stand at Sherlock’s side.  “We never saw an owl and certainly never found any letter.”
“Maybe we could get you a broom and give it a shot,” John replied, excitement sparkling in his eyes.  “We could even get a toy one for you to try and see how you like it, eh, baby girl?
He stopped in to say hello to Mrs. Hudson before continuing up to the flat, determinately denying to himself that it was a tactic to delay the inevitable.  She asked after the baby and he happily replied until even she could tell that he was stalling.  Sending him away with the promising message of Sherlock acting anxious ever since that strange woman had visited while he’d been away, John was forced up the stairs to face the madness.
Sherlock rose to his feet, sticking his wand back in his pocket.  “Thank you, Mummy.  You’ve been very helpful, but John and I should really leave before it gets too much later.  Mrs. Hudson is watching Cecelia and we shouldn’t make her deal with her alone for long.”
“Your…you’ve got glitter…on...”  Sherlock attempted to complete his sentence, but his giggles overwhelmed him and he collapsed with his face pressed into the bed.  John glanced down at himself and snorted, slapping him on the arm.
“I’m going to try something,” John whispered into his ear, rubbing at Sherlock’s quivering stomach through the diamond over his abs. “Remember your safe word. If you need it, use it. I won’t continue if I can tell you don’t like it.” Sherlock responded with a gasping nod, his hips pushing subtly forward as John danced his fingers around his sensitive stomach muscles. Hoping to tease him further, John pushed his palm down flat against Sherlock and slid it down towards his groin, stopping just before his pants. He scratched his nails lightly into the dark trail of hair that led downward from there and grinned at Sherlock’s cut off whine. “I’ll take care of everything.”
With an ache that turns hateful
“What sorts of conversation did you have with the audience during the group interactions?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose into the fringe of curls on his forehead, eyes blinking a few times in surprise.  He quickly took up the offered challenge, relishing the unexpected opportunity to study a willing participant.  His eyes narrowed as he looked the woman up and down, taking a deep breath before he began.  “You’re a professor, as we’ve discussed, but do not have a doctorate, meaning your field is most likely one of lesser interest.  You mentioned earlier that it does not offer doctorate programs, so your lack of that specific title is not due to laziness, though the chance of that to begin with is laughable.  You’re single, previously married, but the gentleman is long dead.  You’re content in your position but worn, on the cusp of retirement but unsure if you are ready to give up on something you obviously enjoy.  Your clothing is a traditional Scottish design, but you were raised in England, probably residing in both places from the pitch of your accent.  Though you appear quite old, your movements are certain, lacking in the usual discomfort of one of advanced years.  I would consider you to be no more than sixty-five, seventy at the absolute latest, and in your post for most of your life.  You have no children of your own, making your students the absolute centre of your life.  You’ve been through much, possibly even – no.”  Sherlock jerked himself out of his endless diatribe, shooting back to his feet to circle the woman’s chair.  His eyes were nearly turned to slits as he knelt down on one knee before her, face level with her own.  “You couldn’t possibly have been in battle.”
Pursing his lips, Ollivander paused in his organizing up to study Sherlock closer.  “I simply found the means to your end, Mr. Holmes, nothing else.  But given what Minerva told me of you, I shouldn’t be surprised a sycamore came to you.”  He set aside the boxes and took up Sherlock’s wand, holding it poised between them to observe it.  “Sycamore needs excitement and adventure, thrives on curiosity and learning, and doesn’t do well when ignored.  You’d best not bore it; otherwise you’ll find yourself with a combusting wand seeking amusement.  Give it the proper attention, however, and you’ll discover that you both will find success.”
Chuckling, John pulled back to properly look him in the eyes.  “You should know you’re never wrong.”
“Well, most of them are dead or in Azkaban, so it’s fairly easy.  I’m not sure what’s been done to the ones who managed to escape, but I imagine they have to be on record somewhere so we know what they’re up to.”
“There has to be some way to make it click together,” John mumbled.  “It’s obvious that your magic is trying to communicate with you, and you’re definitely trying to get it to do what you want, but it just isn’t coming as naturally as it should.”
“I love you too,” Sherlock replied and ran a hand through John’s hair.  He ground back harder, feeling John’s interested cock push back into his cheeks.  “Now fuck me.”
“Thanks, Minerva.  Everything looks amazing, we all appreciate it.”
“Apparation,” Sherlock realized.  “No, I should have expected it.  You just startled me; I didn’t realize anyone could Apparate directly into the flat, but obviously since we went out that way before – “
John heaved a sigh and shook his head.  “Not that I’ve seen, and Mary hasn’t mentioned noticing anything off.  My parents used to tell me that I started acting a bit off as early as six months old, so I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.  With the fact that I’m a Muggleborn and Mary’s a Muggle, the chances of her being a witch are probably pretty slim.  Honestly, I’m not sure which I’d prefer to happen – being able to share the wizarding world with Cecy would be amazing, honestly, but is it bad for me to think it would be easiest if she wasn’t?”
“We just found out about her today, John, there’s no way we can know more than you at the moment.”  Harry sighed and patted John’s hand.  “You’ll know as much as we do, I promise.  Hell, what you already know may be the best we’ve got on her.  We’ll do everything we can to put this right.”
!  I have known her for almost two years now, Teddy, she cannot be a witch, that is not even bloody possible!”
Sherlock had sprung to his feet when McGonagall had, and now that she was leaving, he raced to catch up.  “No!” he cried as he slid past her and blocked the way, the pair of them halfway down the stairs.  “What is Hogwarts?  What is a Floo?”
“I’m John.”  The man’s attention shot back to John as though he was surprised he was still there.  “Looks like you’re out of luck with those lights here.  There’s a Sainsbury’s right around the corner; care to join me?”
“Da!  That’s
Having mercy on him, Sherlock carefully guided John to lay back with his head against a pillow. John blinked dazedly at his own reflection, noting the incredibly obvious erection that pushed against his tight trousers. Sherlock’s back flexed slightly as he moved around on the bed, just barely visible in the mirror with his shirt still on. John had a sudden urge to run his nails down the bare length of it to see the stark red marks against his skin. He stored the idea away for a future evening and returned his focus to the current moment.
John’s father was originally born in the small town just north of Bristol, growing up there and raising his children in the same home he was born in.  How he managed to get out enough to meet a young woman, let alone one from Scotland up north, was always a tale that led to a few laughs as it was retold down at the pub over evening drinks.  Síleas had been beautiful since the day she was born, hardly even appearing as though she aged even at the time of her death.  The lives of the Watson family were surprisingly happy ones given where they all ended up in later years, up until the day of John’s eleventh birthday at the very least.
“You are the British government,” Sherlock corrected, mouth contorted into a frustrated scowl as his hands scurried about in search of a particular piece of paper.  His eyes narrowed down at it once the piece was found, pupils racing across the page as he read.  “I may be distracted, Mycroft, but I am far from stupid.”
“No matter how many times I see it, it’s always brilliant,” John replied with a chuckle, instantly causing Sherlock to smile in reply.
“Take your gun, just in case!” she called as he marched into his office and unlocked the top drawer of his desk.  Inside sat his gun and a long, slender piece of wood, standing out mahogany against the darker grain of his desk’s surface.  He shoved the gun down into its usual place but considered the wand, eyeing it somewhat doubtfully.  It had been years since he properly used it, but he felt a strange itch in his hands to bring it along as well.  With a shrug, he shoved it up the sleeve on his right arm, expertly strapping on a holster and securing the wand in place.  He made sure there wasn’t an imprint of its shape before relocking the drawer and stepping back out.
“That can’t be possible.”  Sherlock’s forehead knit in thought.  “I never received a letter to Hogwarts.  Before today, I never would have believed any of this possible and even now only accept it with proof.”
Upon accepting that John is, in fact, a wizard, Sherlock throws himself into investigating the Watsons' deaths.  In doing so, he meets a young friend of John's and begins to learn more about the wizarding world.
John groaned and pulled reluctantly away.  He left Sherlock on the bed and went upstairs, peering into the crib at a squirming Cecelia.  “
One of the advantages to Christmas break was that John’s schedule became much more flexible, thanks to the smaller number of students left at the school.  He arranged a temporary system with McGonagall, creating a sort of pager with a fake coin to summon him back to the castle in case of an emergency while he was out.  The coin reminded John strongly of his last years in the Order, when they adapted the coins from Dumbledore’s Army that Hermione made to work for the wider group.  With the coin, he managed to join Sherlock and Cecelia as they explored the snowy grounds and the various shops in Hogsmeade.
What is up my friends.  Here cometh another chapter.  This is the beginning of the hella long chapters, so there's that to look forward to.  Also, Sherlock finally interacting with Cecelia.  Oooh, and John's house is revealed!  I've seen quite a bit of debate over which house both John and Sherlock would be in, and after much consideration (as well as taking a complete sorting quiz under my characterization of each to see the results), you'll get to see how I feel on the matter.  Sorry that this chapter is basically a lot of people moving around talking about shit; there's more action next chapter, I promise.  Sherlock's still trying to understand stuff at the moment, so there's quite a bit of discussion going down.  Additionally, I would apologize for the cliffhanger, but with me it was inevitable.  The good news is that I still have a few days before I'm possibly allowed to go back to work and I already have the next chapter typed, so ideally you won't have to wait too long.  Let me know what you think!
“Naturally.”  John spotted Gringotts and pulled them to a stop just as Sherlock nearly shot off into a random shop.  “This is us.  Need to change over some Muggle money before we can do anything else.  It’s been great seeing you again, Ron.”
“They were up, I could tell, but it’s been too long since I’ve dealt deeply with magic to tell how well off they were.  Anyway, Tom didn’t notice anything off with the case, and I didn’t recognize them or their names.  ‘Course, if they’re Muggleborns, their surnames wouldn’t pop out at me anyway.”
“No,” John replied too quickly.  Sherlock’s grin widened and John rolled his eyes.  “Just get on with what you were saying.”
“John.”  Sherlock attempted to keep his voice indifferent, but John noticed the faint quiver of uncertainty in it.  “Have you been through the cupboard recently?”
.”  Greg studied John carefully before continuing.  “You know why I chose Gregory as my new name?”  When John shook his head, Greg explained.  “It means watchman.  I saw it and just knew it was supposed to be mine.  I kept Renatus as a middle name because it means reborn, which is what it felt like to basically just start over.  I couldn’t stay Lestrange, it was too difficult, but I found the name Lestrade when I was in uni and thought it was close enough to remind me of where I came from without keeping its legacy.”
Sherlock’s forehead furrowed in thought.  John knew the instant he realised from how round his mouth became.  “The 29
John moved to help the driver with the last of their bags, thanking him and sending him on his way with his payment.  Soon he and Sherlock stood alone on the fairly quiet midmorning street surrounded by luggage.  Sherlock rocked Cecelia absentmindedly and glanced around at the bags, his expression somewhat overwhelmed.
“Not enough background yet, John!”  Sherlock frantically flipped back to scan the table of contents.  “I need to know the requirements for each, which character traits favoured you between one House and another!”  He let out a cry of success and raced to the appropriate page, twisting around to lean back against the coffee table’s sharp edge to read.  John managed to not only finish making his tea but also set himself up with a decent breakfast without further interruption.  He set a steaming cup of tea out to Sherlock’s shoulder on the table before sitting back down on the couch to tuck in to his meal.  Halfway through, Sherlock’s voice rose from between the book’s pages.  “Gryffindor.”
They didn’t have any traditional vases, so John chose a tall, unadorned water glass, filling it half full of water from the tap.  He arranged the flowers as best as he could and carried the ensemble back into his daughter’s bedroom.  For a moment he paused in the doorway, contemplating where was best to leave his decoration.  As he stood considering, the sun finally came across the windowsill’s bottom edge, sending a flashing bolt of summer sunlight across the entirety of the room.  With an almost indiscernible twitch of his lips, John walked past the crib to set the roses on the sill.  The sunlight reflected playfully through the water as it shifted from the motion of being set down, sending rays of sun darting over the ceiling.  John gave a quick nod of approval and returned to the crib, leaning over the edge to check on the baby below.  She continued to sleep soundly, her lips twitching occasionally as she suckled the air.  John rubbed his calloused thumb over her forehead, chuckling softly at her noises of approval.
He released Sherlock, enjoying the half smile and slowly blinking eyes that settled across his face, and spun to head into the kitchen.  Out of the corner of his eye, however, he spotted something out of place on the mantle that caught his interest.  Next to the skull and echoed in double by the mirror behind it was a vase with a trio of roses.  All three had perfectly pearl white bases, the edges of their petals seemingly dipped into burgundy ink that seeped down into the white.  At the sight of them, he immediately turned back around and grabbed at Sherlock’s collar, mashing their lips together messily.
“I’ve been working on a new exhibit and thought London would appreciate it a bit more than Lisburn,” Niall replied, his Irish accent light. “It did decently well in Belfast when I first started it, but London’s a better audience. I’ve been here nearly a month working on it but haven’t had the chance to search you out until now.”
“I think I understand what you mean,” he eventually replied, John chuckling in response.  Once Cecelia finished covering the last section of the tree, John called her over to join them on the sofa again.  She climbed up to sit between them, reaching out for the smaller mug decorated with penguins ice skating on a pond.  Sherlock held it by the bottom for her as she blew across the frothy surface and took a sip.  She hummed happily and took a bigger drink, resting the mug in her cross legged lap.  Making sure she wouldn’t spill it first, Sherlock grabbed the other two mugs and passed one over to John with a small smile.
Their relationship was still just new enough that neither would initiate physical contact without the slightest touch of uncertainty, a breath of disbelief that such an action would be not only acceptable but encouraged.  Normally it began with a glance, one of them watching the other through his eyelashes and a narrowed gaze as he waited to be noticed.  When the sensation of being watched caused their eyes to finally meet, blinking surprise would soon become pleased acceptance with a come hither smile.  Today, however, Sherlock seemed oblivious to John’s subtle advances and stronger methods needed to be employed.
"The sycamore makes a questing wand, eager for new experience and losing brilliance if engaged in mundane activities. It is a quirk of these handsome wands that they may combust if allowed to become ‘bored,’ and many witches and wizards, settling down into middle age, are disconcerted to find their trusty wand bursting into flame in their hand as they ask it, one more time, to fetch their slippers. As may be deduced, the sycamore’s ideal owner is curious, vital and adventurous, and when paired with such an owner, it demonstrates a capacity to learn and adapt that earns it a rightful place among the world's most highly-prized wand woods."
“I suppose we could,” he replied with a shrug.  He scrubbed at the bottom of the cauldron with more force than necessary.  John frowned and hefted Cecelia higher on his hip.
"Why?" John asked, voice equally low and hardly containing his anger. "Why the hell would you take it? There's no way you've been living as a Muggle for this long while believing the utter shit they did."
me about it?”
Sherlock nodded and gazed down at his drink, turning his hand around from where John held it down so their fingers could link properly.  “I hadn’t realised that you remembered the exact date.”
He also wore a waistcoat, although very different from John’s. Rather than the dark brown of John’s, his was a black that been worn to the point where it looked almost grey. It cinched at the small of his back with three rows of charcoal ribbons and he left it hanging open at his sides rather than closing it with the line of gold clock face buttons. John realised quickly why he chose that particular design choice – as he pulled the sides straight when he stood, John spotted something shiny glinting from Sherlock’s nipples. On closer examination, John realised they were
John squeezed Sherlock’s thigh in an attempt to comfort him and they fell silent for the remainder of the journey.  It was long past dark by the time they pulled up to the quaint stone house, but a light on within showed that at least one of the Holmes parents was up.  Sherlock used his key to enter through the side door, bringing them directly into the kitchen where both of his parents sat.  Each of them held a cup of tea and two more, still steaming, sat before the chairs across from them.
She cocked her head, loosening a strand of hair to fall against her face.  Her expression remained soft even when the child she held started to squirm in her grip.  “Yes.  I’m glad he’s back.  It’s good that he found you.”  She set the boy down and patted his head before he darted off, throwing himself into the open arms of a man nearby.  She began to hum to herself and made to follow him, but Sherlock stepped into her path.
Sherlock’s face softened as he smiled.  “You’ll be brilliant, John.”
John kept one eye on them as he broke the seal on the parchment, noting the Hogwarts crest stamped into the wax.  He absentmindedly patted the bump that was Sherlock still below the blankets as he read.  A low purring of approval made its way out from under the covers and John grinned, shifting to reach his hand under to properly grab at him.  Just as he did, Cecelia appeared at their bedside.
“The fuck?” John yelped, jumping away from Sherlock as though he were on fire.  “Mycroft…why…”
“Yeah, Harry came down with some Aurors and brought the two we got back in to the Ministry.  I warned him you might try and force yourself back into the case.  Not gonna happen, I’m afraid.  Now that the wizarding authorities have got them, you won’t be allowed anywhere near them.”
“Give me a mo, I’ll put it on the Muggle way,” John chuckled, pushing off from Sherlock and taking the kettle to the sink.  “Go on back out to the sitting room, I’ll be out with them and we’ll sort through all of mine and Cecelia’s junk.”
Sighing, Sherlock shifted in John’s grasp until they were standing face to face.  John loosened his grip in case Sherlock wanted to step away, but instead he curled up in John’s hold.  Smiling softly to himself, John brought Sherlock close to his chest and tightened his grip protectively.
The boys pay Mummy and Dad Holmes a visit to learn more about Mummy's background.  Questions about Mycroft pop up and make things even more complicated.
John barked out a laugh.  “An accident, I swear.  But it’s nice seeing them both happy, don’t you think?”
“Oh Sherlock, you wound me deeply,” Doyle said, placing a hand over his heart.  His gleeful expression, however, showed just how little Sherlock’s words affected him.  “I only came over to keep you company since your
“These are all of the known people who have had the question mark next to their names at the time of publishing, including the year they would have started at Hogwarts,” Sherlock eagerly explained.  He practically vibrated in his excitement as he started to pace the kitchen floor.  “John, do you realize what this means?  My mother may have magic as well; this could explain everything about why I have it too!”
“Course it wasn’t.”  John squeezed Sherlock’s waist.  “Should have come right back to you as soon as I knew you were alive, frankly.”
Three boxes remained, seated side by side at the very back of the shelf, bright fairy lights waiting patiently to be bought.  At first, John wasn’t sure if he would be tall enough to reach them, but with determination and his tiptoes, he managed to brush his fingers against the front of one of the boxes.  He nearly had it in his grasp, success imminent, when an enormous hand loomed out from his left and took it up for itself.
“I knew, I just wasn’t sure if you accepted it.”  Pulling out a book, Sherlock leafed through it and set it aside.  “So then you’re…”
“John, just how many people do you know in this world?” Sherlock asked.  They headed down and across the street to Flourish and Blotts, John pushing the door open for Sherlock.  After the constant noise of the street itself, the peace of the bookshop became a relief.  “It seems as though each time we turn around, we’re running into someone who recognizes you, despite how long it’s been since you’ve been a part of this world.”
“This is the first time we’ve seen all of each other,” Sherlock remarked quietly. John paused just above his lips and blinked as he realised Sherlock was right. He had to steal the shocked amazement from Sherlock’s lips, deepening the kiss gradually until his hands were coming up to grasp desperately at John’s waist. When John finally pulled away, Sherlock gasped out a breath and fell back against the bed with a dazed smile.
“I suppose.”  Sherlock arched his neck in obvious invitation and John was happy to oblige, trailing a line of kisses down it toward his collar.  “James deserves someone, although Mycroft wouldn’t necessarily be the one I’d think of first.”
“This isn’t the only spot where the bushes grow, as I’m sure you’ve noticed, but it’s the largest,” John explained as they walked amongst the bushes.  “I figure someone must have planted a few seeds once and they spread out naturally.  I sort of just stumbled upon the patch in my third year – we were playing a round of Quidditch nearby for practice when I wanted to try out for the team and a quaffle ended up in here.  Any time I got homesick from then on, I would come out here and write my mum a letter while I sat amongst the roses, adding a couple of the petals to it so she knew that we had them here too.  Plus it made the parchment smell amazing.”
With a solemn nod, Cecelia rushed into the kitchen and returned with their bag of owl treats.  The bird watched on, intrigued, from where it had landed on top of the dresser and eventually glided down to the floor, tentatively hopping along towards Cecelia.  She held out a treat with a flat and steady palm, ready to be taken once the owl decided she wasn’t a threat, and waited breathlessly for its approach.  It reached out its beak slowly and snatched up the treat to nibble on as it and Cecelia eyed each other.  Within seconds it hopped closer, allowing Cecelia to stroke its back.
“Of course.  Don’t worry about us; we’ll find something to amuse ourselves, won’t we, Princess?”  At the question, Mary grinned down at the baby and rocked her a few times, causing Cecelia to giggle happily.  John chuckled at the sound as he finished dressing, but his heart wasn’t in it.  He snatched up his cell as he made his way from the room, calling out a goodbye to the two as he went.  By taking the spare back stairs, he managed to avoid interacting with anyone he’d rather avoid at the moment and make his way to the car they decided to rent when they arrived.  Silently as was possible, he settled himself in the vehicle and made his way down the drive toward the cemetery.
Edit: I FUCKED UP AND TOTALLY DIDN'T REALIZE THAT I GAVE SHERLOCK HOLMES' MOM HER MARRIED NAME SO I FIXED THAT SO THAT IT SAYS A MAIDEN NAME I LITERALLY JUST MADE UP PLUS HER MARRIED NAME (because that's actually pretty common, to have both, my undergrad does that all the time with published shit) THANKS TO POLK-A-DOP ON TUMBLR FOR POINTING IT OUT.  Y'all always be free to let me know if you think something like that has been fucked up because 99% of the time it was totally accidental and I just wasn't paying attention.
They were close enough that John felt Sherlock’s eyelashes flutter closed against his cheeks.  He opened his mouth to say something in reply, but the only thing that came out was a soft brush of air against John’s lips.  John rubbed his nose against Sherlock’s reassuringly, his hand stroking his jaw, and trembled at the feeling of Sherlock gulping at his touch.
Unsurprisingly, Michael was one of the first to approach John. “I knew from the start you’d be one of us, John,” he said, shooting him an exaggerated wink and openly leering at Sherlock. “A posh thing like that, he needs a bit of disciplining to get him in line, eh?”
, possibly marry someone you thought to be a Muggle and think he's unworthy of basic human rights? How could you marry a man knowing that you killed his parents simply because they were born lacking the gift their son possessed?"
But seriously though, I've been working towards this reveal for a Very Long Time. Hopefully it was worth it!
Sherlock reached out in a quick movement to squeeze John’s knee.  Before he could move it, John snatched it up in a near crushing grip.  “You don’t have to share if you don’t want to, John.  I didn’t intend to upset you.”
He must have managed to pester Madam Pince enough that she relented and let him into the restricted section just to get him to leave her be.  When John asked her where Sherlock was, she rolled her eyes and gestured toward the section, saying that she last saw him halfway down the second to last row.  That’s exactly where John found him, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the floor with an enormous book propped against his knees.  His hair was a complete chaos of mad curls, an immediate sign to John as to how his research was going.
Instantly the table filled with platters of food, at least double the amount than either Sherlock or Cecelia had seen during previous meals.  Both of them gasped in shock, simply staring at the now filled tables at first.  John’s quiet laughter seemed to break them out of their stupors.  He pulled a platter of pasta towards him and scooped a spoonful onto Cecelia’s plate.  She stared between it and him, her forehead wrinkled in an uncertain frown she must have learned from Sherlock.
“I’ve only ever done the binding, so I agree. How extensive would you like it to be? And do you already have equipment or should I ask Niall about what he’s got?”
Cecelia whooped and ran to John, wrapping her arms around his leg.  Sherlock wiped off the knee of his trouser leg as he stood and followed at a slower pace.  They continued their journey through the castle, eventually making their way to the closed doors of the hospital wing.  Rather than leading them directly into the hospital, McGonagall produced a key and guided them to a room at their right.  Once unlocked, she passed the key over to John and waved them inside.
“Very well, I’ll have it made and brought by as soon as it is finished.  I’ll leave you all to settle in.”  She headed back towards the door and closed it behind her with a snap, leaving John to make his way to the back of the flat in search of the rest of his family.
“Damn smart like her papa,” Sherlock said and John was forced to pull his head down and plant a kiss on his lips.  He felt Sherlock smiling around it and began to laugh into it, finally ducking his head down and shaking his head.
“Still a wizard, then,” Mycroft commented with a nod as he turned back to Sherlock.  “Regardless of what a quill wants you to think.”
“What do you plan on doing?  Approaching her?  I’m not leaving you to face off against her alone, John.”
Tumblr: futureofthemasses
“He stepped down at the beginning of the year and suggested Hermione as his replacement,” Harry explained.  “Thankfully the current Wizengamot is a bright one and followed his advice.  She’s been brilliant at it so far.”
“Oh love, I’m so sorry.”  John set aside his wine to run his hand through Sherlock’s hair.  “But Mycroft’s right, you know.  You’re obviously talented, now that you’ve figured out how to get past the mental block.  So it takes a bit more for you to get it to work; it just makes it that much more impressive when you do.”
Sherlock hummed and returned to his seat, running a finger down the column of his book to go over the instructions once more.  John went to set the kettle onto its stand and turned it on.  While he waited for it to boil, he snatched up the letter and scanned it.  Sherlock looked at him over the top of his book.  “What’s that?”
“It’s all basic scientific development at its core, John,” Sherlock replied, pulling John out of his thoughts.  “When children are at this age, their needs are very straightforward.  It’s simply a matter of breaking the barrier of language difficulties and they’re quite easy to understand.”  He shoved toast into his mouth with one hand while the other carefully guided a piece of apple into Cecelia’s mouth.  She giggled at him before taking it, her mostly toothless gums chomping away happily.
“As far as I know, the Ministry offered it to him,” Violet replied.  “He’d been climbing ranks in our government so quickly and well, the Minister for Magic at the time suggested he take it.  He already had a basic knowledge of it all and didn’t need the same sort of preparation, what with the fact that he knew about magic in the first place, so he was ideal.  He’s been at the post for nearly ten years now.”
“Get out.”  Sherlock’s voice was low enough that it could hardly be heard and quivered with anger.  When Mycroft didn’t move, he forced himself into his face, lips curled into a sneer.  “I said,
Sherlock frowned thoughtfully, but nodded his head in agreement.  “You make a fair point, besides the fact that I’ve seen it.  But it wouldn’t be the first time I’ve been fooled into believing something spectacular that I couldn’t explain on first sight.  What’s to say I haven’t been drugged and am imagining all of this?”
“To be fair, it’s usually me who’s doing the physical catching,” John added as he picked up their overnight bag and opened their jar of Floo powder on the mantle.  “Remember how it’s done, little bee?”
A knock on the door frame brought their attention to Sherlock standing there, Cecelia still curled up in his arms.  “Cecelia was wondering if you two were finished with your talk so we could cut into Mrs. Hudson’s cake.  It’s her special chocolate raspberry crème one and she’s growing impatient.”
“DULL!” he shouted to no one in particular, proceeding to thunk his forehead against the table repeatedly.  “I need a case!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took in a shaking breath and said a small, “Lumos.”  The tip of the wand sputtered a bit in reply, but did nothing.
“She brought biscuits.”  Sherlock nodded at the desk and John noticed a floral tin that hadn’t been there before.  “I also believe there are scones in the oven downstairs, but I think she’s saving those for the morning.  She, ah, may have made sure that I had food suitable for more than just Cecelia, which I hadn’t realized until earlier.”
“John?  John!  Come on, John, I need you to come back to me.  What’s a Mudblood?  What does it mean?  JOHN!”
“John?  Are you okay?  Tell me what I should do.”  Sherlock fluttered anxiously at his side, seemingly unable to stop moving as he darted from being down at John’s feet to up and studying his face.  He stilled instantly when John reached out to grasp his hand and give it a reassuring squeeze.
Swallowing around the lump in his throat, John nodded his thanks back. “You too, but to be honest, not much would look bad on you.” He missed Sherlock blinking in surprise as he brushed past him toward the stairs. “Should we go up?” Without answering, Sherlock trekked up the stairs behind him.
A breath of soft laughter ghosted against his neck.  “Whoops,” a light Irish voice muttered against Sherlock’s ear and he shuddered in disgust.  He quickly darted out of Doyle’s grasp, turning to face him before bending down to fetch his book.  “Didn’t mean to startle you.  I would have thought you’d notice me, what with your detective background.”
“Well, good morning, my lass,” John commented to her, stopping as he passed to plant a quick peck on her head.  He smiled at her happy murmurings in reply and passed Sherlock his tea.  He downed nearly half of it in a single gulp, ignoring or indifferent to how scalding hot it still was.  John munched his own piece of toast thoughtfully while watching Sherlock inhale his, somehow managing not to shower crumbs on Cecelia’s head.  Without a word, John stood to prepare her morning bottle, handing it over to Sherlock in a manner that felt far more natural than it ever did with Mary.  Sherlock deftly rearranged her to create better access between bottle and baby.  “Now, you hollered something when we got here?  Something about metamorphmagi?”
The Three Broomsticks looked fairly empty from where John Apparated outside of it.  He glanced through the window as he headed toward the entrance and spotted Sherlock speaking with McGonagall as Cecelia held his hand.  She watched the room with enormous, interested eyes and John could tell she wanted to explore the pub further.
Havens and Faulkner glanced at each other briefly before guiding them down the cell lined corridor.  John caught glimpses of prisoners’ faces through the small windows as they passed and couldn’t stop the memories that attempted to press in on him when he spotted a familiar face.  He kept himself grounded to reality with the warm presence of Sherlock at his right, his excitement rolling off of him in careful currents as they approached the appropriate cells.
“I refuse to have any conversations while Cecelia pouts,” Sherlock declared, an equal pout on his own face.  “She demands our attention, John, and as her parent you are obligated to give it.  How could I concentrate on whatever it is you wish to discuss if your daughter is in distress?”
When Scorpius said goodbye and returned to an excited Albus, John nearly beamed at Sherlock.  “Given how that conversation began, I’m quite impressed with how you handled that.  Asking them over for tea?”
“Oye, he’s one of us!” the second man yelped as John’s spell grazed his arm.  Body working automatically, John sent a constant volley of curses at the men, sending at least one sprawling to the ground before they could respond.  He was briefly distracted by Sherlock rising shakily to his knees, breaking the already feeble protection spell around him.
Sherlock’s breathing veered on hyperventilation, his stomach muscles tightening more each time John’s knuckles brushed against them. John suspected he was close and pushed forward, urging him on silently with his clenched fist. Sherlock came with an almost noiseless gasp, surprising them both as his come splattered across the bottom of both his waistcoat and John’s shirt. Slowing his movements, John coaxed him through the last of his climax, wrapping his thumb and forefinger around the head of his cock to collect the last bit of moisture there. Sherlock gulped against his neck where his head had fallen to rest on his shoulder, his limbs shivering from sensation.
His eyes darted up to look at John before returning to his computer screen. He remained silent as John started his tea and disappeared into the bathroom, coming out somewhat more alert as he went to start his breakfast and clear away the leftovers from the night before. Once he had sat with his drink and his food, Sherlock snapped the lid of his laptop closed and folded his hands over the top of it to stare across at John.
“Well,” John muttered as he came to Sherlock’s side. “This is it.” Sherlock merely nodded and in a few moments, the same employee called out to them and they ascended the stairs.
John hissed and rushed to his feet, shooting a glance at Jane before shoving the librarian against the shelf and out of her earshot.  “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he demanded in an angry whisper.  “You can’t just tell a kid that Santa isn’t real.  Or talk about…about bloody
Sherlock shivered at John’s breath at his neck, but when his words made it through his distracted thoughts, he blinked in confusion.  “This is a date?”
“Your own lube? I’m honoured.” John swallowed when he noticed that the container said WARMING in bold red letters across the top.
His mind kept coming back to the moment their eyes met, replaying the expression of mixed shock and pleasure on Sherlock’s face as he unintentionally moaned John’s name. While he knew it was only out of surprise, John would hold the memory for the rest of his life, and likely would use it to make quite the post for his page later. He tried to make himself feel guilty over catching him and enjoying the sight, but mostly he was thrilled – Sherlock was just as beautiful in passion as he always imagined, and if he was willing to pleasure himself on camera, perhaps he’d be open to something casual with John too. While he knew in his heart he could never have just a friends with benefits situation with Sherlock, perhaps he could at least find joy in making Sherlock happy. It wouldn’t ever be enough for John, but at the very least it might make their current situation less awkward.
“We need to get to Azkaban now,” he said, placing a hand on Mycroft’s shoulder.  “I’ve got a few of my Aurors already on scene, but I have a feeling this is something you ought to see, particularly Sherlock.  The anti-Apparation charm’s already been disabled temporarily from this room, so we can leave right away.”
“But you are a good doctor because you’re the only one Papa’ll let take care of him an’ Papa only consultiates with people who are real good like Aunt Molly an’ Uncle Greg an’ you’re a good daddy because you keep me safe an’ give me super duper bubbly baths an’ take me to the park an’ make the best of all the snacks of everybody at school an’ you love me an’ Papa super hard.”  She patted his cheek, her face set into a determined scowl that was a miniature replica of Sherlock’s.  John felt the beginnings of tears behind his eyes and hid them in a smile.
“What do you want, Mycroft?” the man demanded into the mobile when he finally decided to answer it.  “What could you possibly need to discuss that cannot wait until I arrive?”   He paused, waiting for this Mycroft to reply, and rolled his eyes again at whatever he said.  “Yes, I’m aware.  No, I didn’t.  I’m on the right train, Mycroft, I…do you want me to send you a bloody picture of my ticket?”  He breathed deeply through his nose and shut his eyes, rubbing at the bridge of his nose in frustration.  “Saint Neots, yes, I know.  I lived there just as long as you did, I’m fully aware of where I’m going.  The quicker this – Mycroft, I’m only saying this once so if you would do me the decency to pay attention.  I have no intention to listen to you text and call me for the next hour, so the moment I hang up on you, I will be turning off my mobile.  As soon as…oh, for God’s sake.”  He yanked the mobile away from his ear and pounded on the buttons.  Once finished, he buried it back into his pocket with enough force to practically rip the fabric.
“Do you have any idea…”  John paused to glide his fingers up to the edge, rubbing at Sherlock’s hidden tip with his pants until he could feel the moisture beneath.  “Just how tempting…”  He followed the curve of his tip down and ran his thumb and index finger just below his crown, enjoying Sherlock’s shaking inhale of breath.  “You look like this?”
We met again after,
Sherlock chose to ignore the sentimentality of his words, but John could feel the amusement of seeing his brother this way radiating off of him.  “We might not have a better opportunity than this, John.  Mycroft’s a very busy man, after all.”
John set about preparing them both cups of tea, making sure Sherlock actually took a sip of his before setting about building up a fire.  By the time he finished, Sherlock was looking significantly less terrified, though he had brought his knees up to his chest to rest his teacup on them.  John sat back down beside him on the couch and took a few sips of his own tea before finally asking, “Right.  Better?”
“Not quite – I’ll be the Healer, er, doctor on duty.  But there’s something else, that I’ve kept from you and even Sherlock for a while, too.”  He took a deep breath, firming his resolve, before meeting her eyes.  “I’m a wizard.”
Frowning, Sherlock adjusted the draping of one of the lines of tinsel.  “No.  For some reason, the magic simply refuses to communicate with electricity, no matter what I do to manipulate it.  It’s become much clearer why no one has managed to make it work yet.”
“Should do. I’ve got a few things of my own, but did you have something specific in mind?”
“Well, you’ll definitely meet some people who will think you’re not a proper wizard,” John agreed.  Sherlock’s head shot around and John caught an unusual glimpse of fear in his eyes before his expression became blank.  “Here, among the staff, though…I don’t think it’ll be a problem.  Minerva’s approved all of them and has worked with most of them for a long time and I trust her judgment.  She’s not the sort to hire someone who would look down on a wizard just because they haven’t been studying magic their entire life.”
John quickly explained the story as they knew it while Snape listened thoughtfully.  His hand tapped a pattern into the arm of his chair while John finished.  “Mary Morstan isn’t familiar, I’m afraid, but I was well acquainted with Abigail Avery.  She joined our ranks immediately out of graduation, from what I know, though I always suspected it was more from familial obligation than personal devotion to the cause.”
“Hopefully I haven’t made matters problematic between the two of you.  That certainly was not my intention by paying you that call.  It would seem that the two of you get on quite extraordinarily, from what I have read of your many misadventures together.”
Bright eyes the colour of the ocean watched him from a silvery white face tinged with the softest glimmers of mint green.  His chest was completely bare and he held himself up on arms that looked almost as strong as John’s.  A tapered waist led, rather than to a pair of legs, to a thick, scaled fish tale slightly longer than his top half.  The scales shimmered a pearl grey slightly darker than his skin, rainbows of colour constantly flashing across their surface as he moved.  His tail fin turned into the same mint that shone on his skin, the two pronged sides almost translucent from how thin they appeared to be.  John would have assumed he wore a costume that latched to his skin like the tightest glove, except for the way the tail seemed to tremble in excitement, the scales flexing as he breathed.  The creature twitched the bottom of it, curving it up in a mirror of his head cocking to observe John, and it glided through the water practically soundlessly.
John managed to take back one of his hands from Sherlock’s slackening grip, putting it to the more focused task of revealing more skin.  He slipped the first two buttons of Sherlock’s shirt open and shifted the fabric, revealing his shoulder fully to John’s lips.  John latched on instantly, laving his tongue and grazing his lips over the area, and Sherlock melted into him.  Sherlock head leaned into the back of the sofa, allowing John better access.  While helpful, the movement shifted John closer to the sofa’s edge and, without realizing it, he went from reaching around to suck a bruise into the top of his shoulder to almost biting into the bony area as he abruptly tipped over the side.
“Well, it took nearly half a dozen before we got mine.”  At Sherlock’s shocked expression, John laughed.  “Relax.  If it’s gonna work out the way it should, it might take time.  You’ve only tried three wands, love, and there are thousands in here.  We won’t leave until we find the one that picks you.”
“Given the fact that we live with Sherlock, it’s probably not anything she hasn’t seen before.”  John chuckled and handed Cecelia off to Molly’s waiting arms.  “Thanks for this, Molls.  We appreciate it.”  Remembering what Sherlock had been doing, John shouted him a warning loud enough to be heard in the kitchen in case he hadn’t noticed the Revelio tipping him off.  “Sherlock, Molly’s here!”
He tried not to think about it much as he emerged out of Paddington Station, blinking up at the grey sky.  Immediately across the street sat a decent sized pub, but even on Afghanistan time, it was a bit too early for that kind of drink.  The last he knew, there was a Costa a few shops down on the left, so he hoisted his duffle higher up on his shoulder and made his way across the street.  At least he arrived at the ideal time between the busy hours, still early enough that the workers down at St. Mary’s Hospital wouldn’t be out seeking their mid-morning pickup yet and everyone on their way to their jobs had already been and gone.
Hello again, my friends!  The response to this story has already been amazing; thanks so much!  Hopefully this first regular chapter lives up to what we all hope.  I have to say, I kind of BS-ed my way through the Moriarty being back thing from the end of series three.  I didn't want that to be the focus of this story (I have other maniacal plans for it instead BWUAHAHAHA), so I took care of it in the cleanest way I could.  I love love LOVE the thought of Sherlock interacting with McGonagall - their personalities just seem like they would be either fascinating or disastrous together, so it was fun to explore a bit.  Also, it gave me a chance to toy around with some deductions, which is always an experience.  Let me know what you think!
John glanced down at Sherlock’s face, taking in the wearied expression that he fought to cover with disinterest.  “Yeah, best do.  Thank you, Minerva.”
He frowned, but shrugged and jerked his head toward the door.  John followed him down the stairs, studying the sway of his hips in the jeans with enough focus to nearly make him trip on the last few steps.  Once out on the pavement, Sherlock led him down the road and through a small side street John hardly ever paid attention to.  They approached a large garage door with a single small keypad at its side.  Sherlock punched in the code without a thought and the door groaned open, revealing a shadowy room with a few undistinguishable shapes.  John walked through the entrance behind Sherlock, his mouth falling open in shock as he froze.
“That’s even if I can get magic to work properly for me to begin with.”  As they entered the apothecary, Sherlock ran a hand through his hair in agitation.  John pulled him aside and put a hand on his upper arm, rubbing his thumb into the muscle with soothing circles.
Before John had the chance to respond, Sherlock was off in the direction of their room, closing the door behind him with a solid click.  John blinked after him in stunned silence, shooting concerned looks between his wand and the bedroom door.  Within minutes, Sherlock emerged, impeccably dressed.  He briefly searched the sitting room for his mobile, spotting it on his chair, and clambered around John’s fortress to snatch it up.  Calling out a prompt goodbye, he rushed down the stairs and was out the door.
Letting out a puff of relieved laughter, Sherlock wrapped his arms fully around John and buried his face in John’s neck. John shifted to give him the room and copied his motion, one of his hands moving to cup the back of his head. He felt Sherlock tightening his fingers into the material of his jacket as he rubbed his face against his skin, as though he wanted to get as close to him as possible. John clutched him as tightly as he could, burying his hand in Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock’s breath caught where it blew against John’s neck and John swallowed down a thick lump of emotion.
"Then what’s the problem?” John exploded, rising to his feet.  “Jesus, Sherlock, would you just tell me?”
“If I hated everyone who had a shit family, I probably wouldn’t even be with Sherlock.  Did you know what his brother did when he was a kid?”
Sherlock stared hard at Mycroft.  He didn’t even blink as he stared back, eventually raising an awkward hand to place it on Sherlock’s shoulder.  At the movement, a corner of Sherlock’s mouth ticked up in a barely there smile.  Mycroft echoed it and squeezed.
Clearing his throat softly, Sherlock stepped between them with a deep frown. “I take it you two know each other.”
“Diagon Alley?”  Sherlock turned to a thoughtful looking John.  “I’ve never heard of it.”
“Sherlock?  Mrs. Hudson’s fine with watching Cecelia for the night, so I’ve just got to bring a few essentials down for her.  Have you found your mobile?”
“Don’t, John.”  When John looked up, Sherlock’s eyes were fixed intensely on him.  “This is not your fault.  You cannot blame yourself for the fact that you seem drawn to the dangerous sort.”
The first thing he noticed in the darkness was that the mess he made when he ran off scared had been cleaned up. He smiled to himself as he tiptoed over to his side of the room and slipped out of his shoes. When he finally glanced across at Sherlock’s bed, he saw his huddled body breathing slowly in sleep. As he shrugged out of his shirt and tossed it aside, his eyes automatically went back to Sherlock. In the few seconds since he entered the room, Sherlock’s body had frozen, his shoulders hunched up to his ears. Resigning himself to having this conversation now, he clicked on his side table’s lamp and stared at Sherlock’s back.
After an afternoon out enjoying each other’s company and spending time with Cecelia, they returned at dinnertime exhausted but happy.  John kept his questions about the trip to Hogwarts to himself as they made dinner together and got Cecelia ready for bed.  Sherlock left when John sat in the rocking chair to read Cecelia to sleep and John let him without comment.  He assumed that he needed a moment alone and contented himself with a few quiet moments alone with his daughter.
He found him seated at the kitchen table with Cecelia sitting in her highchair beside him.  She happily munched on a reheated courgette waffle they had made and frozen a few days earlier.  As she spotted John’s approach, she squealed and pounded on the tray, sending sprays of waffle crumbs everywhere.  Sherlock glanced up at her and followed her gaze to John, favouring him with a small grin.  John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head and moved to the chair opposite, reaching a hand out to wipe crumbs off of Cecelia’s face as he did.  She squirmed away and went back to eating, making the mess on her tray even bigger.
,” she scoffed.  “You say that as though you didn’t purposefully avoid phoning me to ask if I might want to come down with your wee perfect family to see our parents’ graves on the day they died.”
“Just what this family needs, more jumpers.”  John elbowed him and leaned forward to put his mug on the coffee table.
“Very good,” John openly praised, enjoying the moment when Sherlock threw his head back at the words, smiling in clear contentment at having pleased John. Storing that note away for later, he placed his hands on his hips and nodded his chin to a stack of hats. “Find something for me. Nothing too much.”
Once they were behind the closed door, John released Sherlock’s hand to pull off his coat. John guided Sherlock’s shaking fingers to the buckle on his corset, helping him undo it and toss it behind them. John took a grateful deep breath and guided Sherlock backward to sit on the bed. When he fell with a dull thump onto the edge, John knelt down onto one knee to work on taking off his boots. He heard Sherlock suck in a breath and shot him a sly grin.
As soon as the door was closed behind him, Sherlock shoved John against it, nudging past his scarf to bury his face in his neck.  John’s bag fell from his already lax grip to join Sherlock’s on the floor and his hands shifted up to grasp in Sherlock’s curls.  As soon as he tightened his hold, Sherlock groaned low in his throat and started to mouth at John’s neck, the pressure of his lips echoing the tension in his scalp as John messaged it.  Eventually John pulled enough to encourage Sherlock’s head to shoot up and their eyes met briefly as they both fought to catch their breath.
Those already settled at their seats at the table waved and shouted out their hellos.  Sherlock nodded but remained silent, keeping John close to his side.  Molly pointed them to seats across from Harry and Ginny halfway down the table and the group settled in to eat.  While the others all began to talk and laugh amongst one another, Sherlock leaned close to speak in John’s ear.
“Couldn’t say no, honestly; it’s a great opportunity for all of us.”  He offered his now free hand to Sherlock, who took it immediately.  McGonagall led them from the pub and up the path toward Hogwarts.  As they followed in her shadow, John was struck by the memory of Sherlock and him walking the same path years before when they returned after the drama of Mary’s reveal and death.  He glanced around, attempting to remember exactly where they had stood for their first tentative kiss.  When he thought he found roughly the right spot, he stopped them and looked up at a confused Sherlock.
John walked to his side and hauled him to his feet, pulling him down with a hand cupped around his neck so that their faces met.  Their foreheads bumped together, Sherlock’s breath fast where it blew into John’s mouth, and he felt the edges of John’s smile against his cheeks.  “Your curiosity is insatiable and I’ve only just stepped in the door.  I’ll answer all your questions, you bloody madman, but first we’re making tea and working on unpacking while I do.”
As soon as they entered the studio, it was as though Sherlock fully took on the mindset of a sub, at least in most regards. To those like Niall who didn’t know him as well, he seemed the same as ever, but John instantly spotted the differences. He allowed John to lead them both through the building, shooting him a small glance each time he went to speak. John noticed right away and shot him approving nods each time it happened, amazed at the subtle, yet significant to him, changes that Sherlock illustrated. When they were finally left alone in their dressing room, Sherlock silently waited for John to direct him appropriately.
“Can you keep a secret for me,
“Helps that I represent the enigma that is a single father too.”  At Sherlock’s anxious expression, John laughed and shook his head.  “No, no, it’s fine, really.  Good way to show the kids that not all families are the same.  Besides, I’ve been meaning to get involved with the class, but with working at a day clinic…”
“Check the handwriting if you must, but I know it’s him.”  Sherlock rose to his feet to pace from one end of the room to the other.  “He’s done this to hurt us, to hurt
After digging around a bit, he pulled out a medium length object by its handle and passed it over to John. On first inspection, John thought it was simply a fancier version of the fake guns Niall provided for them. When he properly studied it, he had to swallow his gasp. The handle was designed to look realistic to an antique style hand gun, with a bronze handle and four rows of decorative gold rings leading to an intricate, lace-like design between them. Rather than the usual barrel and muzzle, however, it had a long, slender dildo, completely clear and nestled comfortably into the cylinder. John wrapped his fingers around the impressive base of the dildo, guiding his hand slowly along the various ridges down to the slightly bulbous tip.
“She’s not wrong.  But that’s not all.  Sherlock and I – and Cecelia, technically – we’re wizards.”
anything?”
“Looks like the firefly dust works on fairy lights as well as ceilings,” he said.  She wedged herself between his legs as he sat on the sofa and watched intently as he dipped and shook out another light.  It came away glowing like the first and Cecelia’s eyes grew wide.  “Go ahead and give it a try; just make sure to shake it off really well so we don’t trail dust across the flat.”
Pointing at the mobile, Sherlock gaped and muttered, “John…John, look at the mobile.”
“It was just a little one, John,” Sherlock muttered under his breath.  “I thought, with it being up in her room…”
Sherlock broke out into a tiny grin, surprising John by leaning forward and placing a small peck on John’s nose. “I understand. I feel the same. To be perfectly honest, whenever I pictured our first kiss, it typically didn’t involve you in a corset and me in nothing but my coat and a pair of pants.”
Sherlock slowly approached, eyes slinking across Mycroft before he came to stand right before him.  “You know more.  More even than John, or more than he realizes you know, I’m beginning to suspect.  But what, exactly, is there to know?  And why would you, of all people in John’s life, need to know it?”
“John?” He looked behind him, expecting to see Sherlock and growing even more surprised when he didn’t see him there. “Where’s Sherlock?”
“Dear gentlemen,” it read in a typewriter style font. “Oh, how I have been looking forward to a moment such as this. A rugged man of the world, unassuming from his outward appearance but possessing of the prowess and gifts of men a thousand times more intimidating. A delicate yet brash creature of steel yearning for the care and punishment of a true man’s hands and cock. What a gift to be given to us, this opportunity to watch one man possess the other in all ways, owning and reveling in forbidden skin. I look forward to a week of ecstasy and the chance to lord over two such imposing yet fragile men.”
Sherlock’s eyes nearly bugged out of his head from excitement.  “John…are you saying…”
“She may be dead, but Cecelia is still her child,” Sherlock said grimly as he kept his eyes unblinkingly on Doyle.  “No matter what has happened to her, Cecelia is still her blood child.”
Rather than blushing as she would have only a year ago, Molly responded with a chuckle.  “Like I said to John, it’s really not a problem.  I’ve done a lot of babysitting in my day.  Now go on, both of you, and have fun!”
“It’s brilliant.”  They lay together in silence for a few minutes more, the sounds of Cecelia talking to herself from the next room gently floating through the open doors.  John sighed in contentment and nuzzled Sherlock’s brow.  “Minerva’s invited us to meet the rest of the staff at dinner tonight.  Will you eat?”
“Showing off, little brother?” he drawled.  Sherlock raised a brow at him and held the skull up to his eyes, examining it.  Mycroft shook his head and moved his glare to the fireplace.  “I’m…glad you seem to be progressing well with it, regardless.”
“I suspect it’s to do with our going to talk with Mummy, if he’s still got surveillance on the flat that I haven’t managed to find yet.  We haven’t spotted Mycroft’s name on any of the documents about the question mark, however, so I don’t understand what connection he might have in all this.”
John chuckled and kissed her head.  “I’m not too sure about that, but thank you, darling.  I’ll see you at dinner, yeah?”
“Well, that certainly cleaned it, albeit a bit more than I expected.”  Molly eyed him and put the spoon away.  Sherlock shuffled under the scrutiny, but he kept eye contact with her.  “How long have you been working on your magic?”
Harry snorted like a bull on the attack and paced over to lean against the tree’s rotting trunk.  “Yes, because you’re always to be the one to apologize, you’re always the one to take the blame for everyone’s faults.  You have to be the sacrificial lamb at the altar as well as fantastic with everything else besides.”
“Took the two of you long enough,” he called out to them as his grin widened.  “Cecelia and I thought you’d never get here, we’ve been waiting positively
Sherlock went willingly where John led him, sitting at the edge of the loveseat in the room with only a slight wince. John untied the bonds with calm efficiency, studying Sherlock’s skin underneath for any serious damage. Once the rope was completely removed and Sherlock’s pants adjusted to give him a semblance of dignity, John dug around in his jacket and pulled out a tube of ointment that he applied liberally across Sherlock’s chest and back.
Doyle fell silent, panting and still holding Cecelia aloft.  Despite his attempts to remain calm, John felt his throat tightening in panic and fear.  He swallowed to no effect and nearly let out an uninhibited cry as Sherlock took a step forward to stand somewhat in front of him.
“Come on, Harry, leave off it,” John replied with a sigh and a hand running through his short hair.  “You’ve been invited to visit from Mary more times than I can remember, provided you’re sober.  It isn’t all my fault.”
The instant he stood outside of the shop, John knew it would be a nightmare.  Normally if he stopped outside the windows, he could see at least halfway this particular Tesco’s without any problem.  Today, however, the customers looked like they were nearly on top of each other with how crowded it was.    John groaned and squared his shoulders, giving himself a mental pep talk before joining the fray.
Still uncertain, Cecelia picked up her fork and tentatively brought a small bite to her mouth.  Her eyes widened and she dug in, inhaling the rest of it within seconds.  When Sherlock didn’t immediately try his own food, she tried to pass him her fork.  “Papa, try it!  It’s
to come out.  I can feel it, a barrier between myself and the magic, and none of these attempts to pound it out are doing anything!  If nothing else, it’s harder to grasp at it each time we do!”
The meeting room was decorated in a similar manner, with the same layered rugs covering the floors and draped fabrics along the walls. Rather than having a single ceiling light, however, short side tables held Victorian style oil lamps that cast long shadows across the walls and illuminated the room in a faint glow. Along one wall stood a long table meant for refreshments and mismatched stools and worn chairs were dotted around the perimeter. The room gave off a comfortable intimacy that welcomed them in, but the light created just enough of a feeling of mystery to make walking around in it feel like exploring a house with years of rumours of witches and hauntings.
“John!  Merlin, are you all okay?  We’ve been trying to track you three for hours!”
“I’m glad you’re back,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s hair.  Smiling into his shirt, John pulled back to look up into his eyes.  “I’m glad you’re both here.”
Until today. Sherlock scrubbed a hand through his hair and pulled tightly, trying to figure out how he might be able to fix this mess. If he simply had been masturbating, John likely would have just brushed it off with a hint of embarrassment. Adding in the clear sign that he was recording himself self-pleasuring made it all much more complicated. Even if he had a known partner, he could at least tell John that he was making the film to send to them, but John was well aware of the fact that Sherlock had never dated. It seemed that his only option was to tell him the truth, if he ever decided to return to their room.
Sherlock had hid his face in John’s shoulder as he dealt with the students, feeling overwhelmed and exposed.  John rubbed a hand up and down his back, the pressure familiar and nothing like Doyle’s.  “They’re gone, darling,” John muttered, kissing him on the head and then the lips when Sherlock lifted his head.  “How are you feeling?”
John abruptly broke off all physical contact with Sherlock, moving slightly away without warning. Sherlock swayed from the unexpected movement, his eyes blinking open to stare at John with a dazed expression. Grinning, John watched Sherlock steady himself, his hands falling to rest on the tops of his thighs as he waited for John’s next move. Just as he seemed to rediscover his equilibrium, John reached out and grabbed the opposing sides of the diamond at his waist and yanked him forward in a single harsh tug, tightening all of the other lines of rope in the process. Sherlock yelped from the sharp jabs of pain as he crashed into John’s front, the noise melting into a mewl as John attacked the opposite side of his neck from before.
?”  Sherlock turned and narrowed his eyes on John.  “What about Mycroft?”
“I’m a wizard,” Sherlock stated without preamble.  Violet lifted a hand to her mouth, her eyes widening.  “We’ve discovered that I have enough magical ability, despite the quill’s question mark, to allow me to get my own wand.  I’ve only just started to work with it, but – “
As though his time and mind weren’t being abused enough by such a particularly determined mystery, an even more unwelcome guest paid 221b a call on Sunday afternoon.  After physical books led him nowhere, Sherlock delved back into the internet, scrounging deeper and deeper into the depths of the human interaction in search of answers.  He just began to feel as though he was gaining ground when the heavy footfalls of an outrageously expensive pair of dress shoes tapped up the stairs, accompanied by the monotonous tick of metal against wood.  Sherlock chose to ignore the man as he strode into the living room and stood before him, blank eyes studying the piles of notes and books that lay scattered across the short table before the couch.  Sherlock sat on the floor, back resting against the lower portion of the couch and legs contorted beneath the table’s low legs, and typed furiously at the keys of the laptop that was directly in front of him.  His jaw clenched around the pen resting in his mouth, irritated both with his search and his visitor.
“You’ll have it anyway, I don’t care what you think,” John interrupted with a growl. “No scene should be done without one of the sub’s choosing. It’s bad enough that we’ll be going into this without having done it in private before, but I certainly won’t let it happen without a safe word.”
“I haven’t seen anything about it in the papers,” the first man began, his voice quiet but carrying easily through the near silent dark.  “Don’t tell me you’ve backed out on me, boys.”
“Oh, but you really are the sentimental one, aren’t you?”  John grinned before tackling him again.  They kissed for several more minutes until Sherlock was forced to pull away, his breathing shuddering and his face noticeably pinker.
Sherlock shrugged with a grin.  “We’ve been working on it for a while.”
“You love her, and that makes you panic when you think you can’t protect her.”  John kissed the top of his head and moved his hand to the back of his neck.  “I’m the same way. But you can’t just sleep in the rocking chair until she turns eighteen, love.  Trust me, I know.”
John forced himself not to shoot back a retort, clenching and unclenching his fists as he strode to her side.  Even though they were technically side-by-side, an awkward emptiness resided in the foot of air between them.  Before John got his letter, such an occurrence would have been unheard of.
“No, Merlin, John, I didn’t mean to insinuate…just because she’s a metamorphmagus, doesn’t mean she’s the one behind the attacks!  I’m sorry, I jumped to conclusions, but don’t just send them after her because of this one thing – “
“I do not rule my life around Finley Doyle,” Sherlock interrupted firmly.  He rose to his feet, knocking John’s hand away in the process.  “If you’re growing annoyed with my constant presence, please just let me know.  I’m sure I could spend a few days in London helping Lestrade with cases if my being around constantly is bothering you.”
“Of course I would have – probably would have gotten in heaps of trouble for it with the Ministry, both for performing magic unasked on a Muggle and out in the open like that – but I would have done it anyway just to save you.  But I wasn’t carrying my wand with me back then…tonight was the first time I had in years.”
John blinked a few times before managing to find his voice.  “I…don’t know what to say.  Sorry?”
Her face lit up as she remembered and shook his hand.  “You’re the one who had all of the colourful petals and hopping seeds in your pocket.”
“Me too.”  He took a step away from Sherlock, trailing a hand down his arm and squeezing his fingers.  He pulled at the knot attaching the wrap against his neck and tossed it into his chair.  “
“And he informed you that I was not actually on a case, I’m sure.”  Sherlock thunked his head back against the headboard and turned to look at John.  “You actually aren’t a complete idiot, you know.”
Sherlock’s small smile returned as he continued. “As for the application, I’d suggest during the scene itself. Putting on the ropes themselves can be quite the erotic experience and would add something different to what we’ve been doing. Besides, I’ll have the opportunity to properly observe the audience while you apply them.” He stood abruptly and gave John the rope before he starting packing up his box and returning it to the space under his bed. “I should study the note – this has been the first time the suspect has written anything by hand and I should be able to glean something of importance from it.”
John shifted slightly in his seat, pulling his leg up to rest across his knee while he considered.  “You didn’t really have to
“Well, let’s add it to the pile of books to take.”  John snatched it up before Sherlock could get too engrossed in the book, tucking it under his arm and pulling Sherlock to his feet with him.  “What else were you after?  Did you want to find more potion texts while we’re here?”
Slapping Sherlock’s arse as he sauntered across the room, John leered at a chuckling Sherlock.  “We haven’t got time for a quickie, you tease.  Save the seduction for after Cecelia’s gone to bed and we can break in the new bedroom.”
John’s face lit up in excitement.  “You perform experiments?  But you’re a – “
“Hazel, unicorn mare hair, twelve inches.  A bit of give to it, but solid when it’s in the right hands.”  When Sherlock simply stared at it, Ollivander gestured at him to take it.  “Go on, then.  Give it a wave.”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted, pushing himself up onto his elbows.  “We’ll stay with you.  I can’t imagine being that far away, not now after how much work went into becoming this.  I couldn’t…I can’t, John.  We have to stay with you.”
John’s expression softened and he massaged the back of Sherlock’s neck.  “That makes sense.  This is my first relationship as a single dad, although with you so dedicated to Cecelia, there’s not much difference between two person parenting and this.  If nothing else, it’s my first one with someone I can say I genuinely love.”  John noticed the pink shade of a blush creep up Sherlock’s neck and toward his cheeks.
“Shh, darling, it’s alright,” John soothed, guiding Sherlock’s face down to him so that he could rest their foreheads together. “You didn’t force me into anything. I wanted all of it and more; still do. You haven’t lost me at all – you’ve
" he shouted as she gracefully fell, her blonde hair whirling in her face from the movement. The sound of her hitting the beach below echoed up to them, and even from the distance Sherlock could tell from the mangled shape of her body that she was gone.
, for managing to defy and defeat him.  I can’t explain the J, not without more information, but I’m certain it’s him.”  His head snapped around to stare at the roses.  “John.  Have you been leaving roses at my bedside?”
John suddenly thought as he stared across at Sherlock.  The fire in the grate sat diagonally to him, the glow lighting up his face and the lines that told the struggles and joys of his gradually increasing years.  His eyes held a spark in the light that half came from the fire itself and half purely from Sherlock alone, the flecks of varying colours flashing with affection.  John’s thoughts settled on the ring pouch tucked away in his desk and he wondered if he could say the words without their comforting presence in his palm.
“It appears that you have purchased the last eggnog latte,” he stated, his voice growling with barely suppressed anger.  John’s brows rose in disbelief as he glanced between the barista and the man, but she was busy making John’s drink and attempting to ignore the confrontation in her shop.  He let his duffle slide from his shoulder to the ground and leaned an elbow against the counter.
Slowly Sherlock lifted his face to turn and look at John.  “But what if I can’t find a wand that will choose me?  My magic’s not the same…it wasn’t enough to get me into Hogwarts, so then what’s to say I’ll even be able to find one?”
Thankfully, he showed no inclination towards seeing anyone romantically, though the only snag to this was the fact that Sherlock had no proof that John might even like men, let alone him. When he spoke of past relationships, of which there were many, he always used feminine pronouns, further encouraging Sherlock to stay silent about his true feelings. Should something change and he showed interest in dating, Sherlock would deal with it then, but for now they were in an ideal, if not preferred, arrangement.
“Morning,” John said before taking a bite of his toast. Sherlock waited for him to swallow before he spoke.
Smirking, Niall placed a hand on his hip. “Well, according to some less open minded people, yes.” At John and Sherlock’s matching looks of surprise, Niall laughed and continued. “It’s a concept I developed involving a post-apocalyptic attempt at utopia. I’ve cultivated a world in which sex and sexuality is an open and shared experience, where the audience is allowed to view the intimacy of a couple in passion as well as interact with them in a neutral, comfortable environment to create a bridge of understanding and acceptance. They all work together to create a cohesive story that leads to an act of sex, one of the most human acts we all take part in. It’s meant to be a celebration of life and the human body after the hypothetical threat of total destruction.”
The garden was small, hardly more than a few flowerbeds and a sprinkling of vegetable plants.  Ever since the baby arrived, neither John nor Mary had had the time to properly care for it, but some of the plants had flourished on their own regardless.  One bush in particular, a rose John had insisted upon adding and caring for himself, sat directly below the window.  It had taken more work than John had originally cared to admit, but it was flourishing now, a few of the flower heads reaching high enough to be seen at the very edge of the windowsill.“That, my darling, is an osiria, a crossbreed,” John explained with a tiny grin, rocking her forward slightly so her curious face could take the plants in.  “They’re the only kind of rose to have those two shades, red blending into white.  They were my mum’s favourite, the only kind she’d grow when I was young.”
“It’s great to see you too, Molly,” John said as she pulled back to look him over.  His smile lowered at her scrutiny, but she soon squeezed his arms reassuringly.
“I didn’t know you played Quidditch, Uncle John,” Albus said as he leaned over John’s shoulder to look closer.  “Were you any good?”
By the time he finished his food and two pints, last call was being yelled and John knew it was time to face Sherlock. He took a bus back to their halls and hesitated at the door, unsure if he should knock or not. Shaking himself at his nervousness, he unlocked the door and stepped inside.
John could almost taste Sherlock’s gasp as he came, his hips jumping forward from the force of his orgasm. He muttered reassurances into his cheek and neck as he milked the orgasm from him, rubbing his stomach soothingly with his other hand. Once he was done, Sherlock slumped backward fully against John’s chest, his come covered hands flopping down to his sides. John peppered kisses across his shoulder and ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s sides as he came back to himself, completely unaware that their audience had left until one of the guards came up to stand beside the bed.
“The DNA results from the ejaculate sample were male.” Sherlock turned and picked up his coat, digging around for his mobile. “Plus the writing style is distinctly more masculine in style. There isn’t much of a sample size to base that on, but given the other evidence I believe it’s a fair judgment to make.” He snapped various pictures of the writing from multiple angles before grabbing one of the makeup wipes made available for their use and scrubbing the message away.
“I guess you could say they see but they don’t observe.”  When Sherlock glared down at him, he grinned and used the opportunity to yank Sherlock into the bank.  His gaping continued but he managed to contain his questions for the time being.  The goblin who changed their pounds into wizarding coins eyed Sherlock as he stared him down, obviously uncomfortable with the attention.  They quickly finished up and returned to the mid-morning sunshine outside, Sherlock nearly vibrating in his excitement.
“Sure.  The way you solved that case for us without practically any help from the Aurors, particularly before you had any magical background, I had to tell everybody.  Couldn’t take all the credit for it when my people barely did anything with it, could I?”
John couldn’t do much more than nod in agreement before joining Sherlock in browsing through the pile. They soon found a rough, worn pair that came up to just below John’s knees. During their search, John also found a top hat with a white band above the brim, studded with a layer of black lace over the whole hat to give it just a touch of texture. John settled it jauntily forward on his head and held out his arms for Sherlock’s inspection.
He briefly rubbed his fingers into Sherlock’s spine before heading off towards the stairs.  He made it halfway up before he realized an issue with Sherlock’s alteration to his old room.  Freezing on the steps, he hesitated momentarily before turning to go back down.  Sherlock’s door was already closed, so he rapped on it with light knuckles.
Sherlock smiled over his shoulder as he made his way out to the stairs to shout up at Cecelia.  “Have you remembered everything, Cecelia?  We’re leaving soon and your father and I would rather not have to come back for something when we haven’t even been gone for a day.”
“Our suspect will definitely be pleased tonight,” John said, swallowing around his suddenly dry mouth. Sherlock only smirked and headed for the door, forcing John to clench his teeth to contain any noises he might make at the sight of his bum swaying from the heels.
“It’s certainly possible, though I doubt it.  Tom himself checks the charms daily, I know for a fact, but obviously he is getting on in years, not unlike myself, and his sharpness may be leaving him.  I’ll pay him a call to see what he thinks before I return to Hogwarts as well as stop by to discuss the matter with Hannah Longbottom.”
“I think I knocked Rodolphus out, but Bellatrix…mate, she could fucking
No one spoke for several minutes until John drew in a deep, long breath to calm himself. "And what of Cecelia?" he finally asked in a quiet voice. "As far as you know, she's a Muggle. What would you have done if I never found out and she turned out to have no magic? Or did you have plans to drown her down at the river like some dog you didn't want anymore?"
“Dr. Watson, I’m assuming?” he asked, his voice as deep as his laugh.  John blinked a few times before finally giving himself a small shake and holding out his hand.
“So…wait, you mean to say people are just having sex together in some giant studio space? That’s a bit much even for you, Niall.”
“Da, I’m so EXCITED!” she squealed as she nearly dragged him back into the hospital wing.  “When are you gonna ask him?  Do you think he’ll say yes?”  She pulled him to a stop and gaped dramatically, fluttering her free hand against her chest in an almost identical copy of an excited Mrs. Hudson.  “Does this mean I’ll get to be a flower girl AGAIN?!”
“Honestly, I’m just glad to see you eating with real enthusiasm,” John said.  “I never expected that the way to get you to eat like a proper human being was to bring you to Hogwarts when the students were around.”
“So what have we got, then?” John asked, settling back into his seat.  The excitement radiating off the other man was infectious, and John soon found himself echoing Sherlock’s smile.
“Nicolette. I associate with the right circles to have heard of this particular show long before it even arrived in London.” Her knowing smile told John that her statement was more true of Niall’s exhibition itself rather than simply the story they were creating. John hummed his interest as he drank from his glass, hoping she would continue unprompted. “Niall, your…proprietor, has gained quite the name for himself in his short time in London. I’ve friends who came home from Belfast gushing of this little show.”
“Your friend was correct, then,” she commented smoothly, a lilt of amusement in her voice.  “You’ve done well for yourself, Dr. Watson.  Who is this, then?”
The baby cooed and sniffled up at him, tiny hands curling in and out of tight fists.  Her face wrinkled up slowly, expression turning to one of distress.  John clasped her tighter, expertly taking in the signs before reaching out a free hand to snatch up the rocking chair left not far away.  He lowered himself down and set a gentle rhythm, watching as his daughter’s face immediately smoothed out, expression turning inquisitive as she stared up at him expectantly.  Chuckling lightly, John sat back and let out a soft sign as his attention drifted back to the window.
At the first mention of the Leaky Cauldron, John instantly understood.  He reflexively reached for his weapon, but instead of his gun for once it was to the wand tucked up his sleeve.  “Sherlock,” he hissed, hardly even moving his lips to speak.  “This isn’t our case.  We shouldn’t be here!”
character is.”
Pausing in the middle of grabbing a book, Sherlock spun to look at him.  “That’s true.  I hadn’t thought about it, given the fact that we were distracted with the case at the time, but that metamorphmagus friend of yours, Teddy, had obviously seen you recently, and Harry and his family knew you more intimately for who you are now.  You must have remained somewhat connected to the wizarding world, at least to a small extent.”
“You’re not at fault, Williams, at least not as far as we can tell,” Harry quickly reassured.  “These gentlemen have been helping us with a case that may be connected and I was hoping they could have a look at the bodies.”
Niall simply stared at him for a long moment before picking up the bag at his feet and passing it over to John. “Well, here’s some stuff that I thought you two might be interested in using. All of the clothes are freshly laundered and you’re more than welcome to use anything of your own that you find appropriate. You can wear as much or as little as you’d like – part of the purpose here is to utilize your individual creativity. As for what you’ll need for the actual performances, I’ll have a range of appropriate items for you to choose from each evening.”
The months passed and they grew closer. As the end of the term approached, they spent nearly all of their free time together, John dragging Sherlock along to pub nights and Sherlock waiting outside of John’s classes to jabber at him about his experiments as they walked back to the halls. The longer they knew each other, the more John felt himself falling for Sherlock beyond just his good looks, learning to appreciate his wry sense of humour and determination to succeed. It became clear quickly that Sherlock never had many friends as a child, and John, while happy to ensure he finally had a best friend, yearned for it to be something more than that. Sherlock never showed any inclinations towards a relationship, however, with John or anyone else, and John refused to ruin what they had on a chance. He’d rather wait for a sign from Sherlock to proceed than risk making Sherlock feel uncomfortable if he didn’t feel the same.
“No, we’ll just come early tomorrow and dress here,” John replied, nodding his thanks as he tied the shirt around his waist. It didn’t cover all of the damage, but in the darkness of the evening John hoped no one would notice. “Thanks, Niall. We’ll see you then, yeah?” Shooting them a distracted nod, Niall saw them out into the night.
“It took a bit of convincing, but eventually the stone relented,” she replied.  “It helped that the castle had to go through severe renovations after the battle.  The building has been more inclined to adapt to change ever since.  I hope everything is to everyone’s liking.  If you have any problems, please feel free to let me know.  Most of the other professors and staff are already here or arriving today as well.  We’ll be meeting for introductions at dinner tonight, at 6 o’clock as usual.  Sherlock and Cecelia are, of course, encouraged to attend.”
When he saw of flash of feathered wing, he chuckled at himself quietly before tucking his wand into his waistband and pulling at the latch.  A small barn owl, bright eyes blinking slowly up at him, sat on the windowsill with a piece of parchment tied to its leg.  He quickly untied the letter and searched around for the bag of owl treats he’d picked up while they were at Diagon Alley.  He offered a few to the owl, who took them gratefully before taking off.  Scratching his neck and yawning widely, he took the note out into the kitchen to search for Sherlock.
“I’m fine, just.”  He waved at his waist, where his erection was jammed into Sherlock’s hip.  “Sensitive.”
“Sherlock!  What a wonderful surprise!”  He spotted Cecelia and approached her.  “And Miss Cecelia as well, how excellent!  What can I do for you two this fine afternoon?”
“Wouldn’t be the worst thing I’ve ever been covered with,” Lestrade remarked.  When Cecelia squirmed in his lap, he opened his arms and let her crawl out.  She hobbled over to John, patting his shoe and pulling at the laces.  He bent to pick her up and she instantly reached out for Sherlock, leaning toward him with grasping fingers.  Rolling his eyes at her finickiness, John passed her over.  As soon as she was in his arms, she reached up for a handful of Sherlock’s curls and he just barely moved out of the way in time.
Giving a sharp nod, Sherlock continued to watch her as he called out to a retreating Mrs. Hudson, “Tea would be lovely, Mrs. Hudson, what an excellent suggestion.”
John paled and rubbed the back of his neck.  “Fuck.  How did I not know?  Or notice?  I would have kicked his arse if I had, to hell with the job.”
Smiling slightly, Sherlock took the rope and wrapped it around one hand. “I’ll leave that decision to you. If it’s anything I don’t like, I’ll let you know.”
Once home, Sherlock immediately headed up to their flat and picked up his violin, the sounds of an unknown piece gliding down to John at the front door.  Taking a steeling breath, John straightened his back and headed for 221a, giving the door a sharp knock.
“We may not have her location, but we can take from what we know where she is not,” Sherlock replied with a confidence he wasn’t sure he truly felt.  “It was wise of Harry to bring us here, where we know she is least likely to attempt any trickery.”
“No, just on my lunch and thought I’d stop by.  I was kind of hoping to join you two for a bit.  But if you’re busy, I can head out on my own, maybe see if Mrs. Hudson’s free for a bite.  I wouldn’t want to bother you if you’re on a case.”
“You did better than Harry did the first time I tried to heal her,” John stated with a small smile as he gently wrapped a bandage around Sherlock’s arm.  “It was during Christmas break my fifth year of school; I remember because I’d just started studying with Madame Pomfrey the month before.  I thought she’d blow my eardrums out with how loud she screamed, and she refused to speak to me for at least a week.  Kind of nice, actually.”  He chuckled and ducked his head to catch Sherlock’s lowered eyes.  “How’s that?  Feel a bit better?”  All Sherlock could do was nod.
Before either of them could knock, the door was thrown open.  Highlighted in the bright light from inside was a stout older woman, an apron tied around her waist and a wand in her hand.  The instant she saw John, she tucked her wand into one of the apron’s pockets and threw herself into John’s arms.
The wand quivered in Sherlock’s grip and he straightened as soon as it was placed into his hand.  Rather than immediately performing the spell as John expected, he remained frozen with his arm upraised and outstretched, his gaze fixed on the book.  John heard him take a deep breath, the exhale shaky, and he moved to step closer to Sherlock.  Before he could, Sherlock lowered the wand and, turning abruptly, placed it gently on the desk behind him.
“Of course you fucking snuck his number from my phone, you cock.”  Though he was shooting insults at him, John had broken out into an enormous grin.  “God, thanks, Sherlock.  Seriously.  I…it just means a lot, having you do this.”
John finally got the courage to call on Sherlock later that week.  After the disaster of seeing Harry at the cemetery, he had been more than ready to return back to London and the clinic.  They’d been dealing with a fairly stressful time – one of the doctors was on vacation for the week and London’s youth had, for some reason, decided that it was the ideal time to break as many bones as possible – but he could only delay the inevitable for so long.  He was actually surprised that Sherlock hadn’t been texting him constantly to question him.  The man’s silence could mean one of various possibilities had occurred, and John could only hope that he had done the unthinkable and forgotten he’d even asked about McGonagall in the first place.
“Like it?  It’s bloody gorgeous, Sherlock.  How the hell did you manage to get us this?  I almost hate that it’s a case that’s brought us all the way up here so we’ll hardly be able to enjoy it.”
“This has to be magic, that’s the only explanation,” Sherlock said as he shifted to snuggle up against John’s side.  “No Muggle could create such perfection.”
“Sure.” The two of them remained silent for a moment, unsure how to continue after such an emotional moment on John’s part. Eventually Niall asked about one of the cases from the blog, and the two of them spent a pleasant morning chatting about what each had been up to since university. John felt much more relaxed as he slung the bag over his shoulder and said his goodbye to Niall hours later before heading back home.
Sherlock breathed his gasp into John’s mouth.  Surging up on his toes, John latched his mouth over Sherlock’s in an open mouthed kiss.  Immediately he thrust his tongue in to tangle with Sherlock’s, one of his hands shifting under his skull to adjust his angle.  Sherlock griped him around the waist, digging his nails into the knit of his jumper, and pulled him even closer.  Running the tip of his tongue along Sherlock’s teeth, John tasted his moan and grinned into the kiss.  He lured Sherlock’s into his own mouth to suck on it properly and Sherlock melted against him.
“Well then, we hope you are delighted.” John shot her a wink as he grabbed two passing glasses from a tray and offered her one. She took it with a nod of thanks and took a small sip. “How did you happen to hear of us, Miss…?”
The vague path they had been following narrowed ahead of them, continuing in a solid upward trajectory as they clearly made their way up along one of the many small mountains that surrounded Hogwarts.  One section tapered outward, a small, natural lookout that hung out over the edge above the forest before continuing on closer against the tree line they had been following.  Standing at the outcropping, the toes of one of his shoes dangling over the edge and Cecelia clutching at his side from where she half hung in midair, Doyle shot them a cocky wink and grin.
“From uni, yeah,” John explained, ignoring Sherlock’s attempt to separate them and keeping his arm wrapped around Niall’s shoulders. “I needed an art credit, he was an art major, and we ended up becoming mates. Of course, it helped that he fancied me a bit.”
“Ridiculous as you are, I do,” he said against Sherlock’s lips.  He licked his own, his tongue brushing Sherlock’s with the motion.  Sherlock shuddered and pushed John along faster.
Sherlock snatched up his mobile and set a timer before tossing it aside.  “Draught of Living Death,” he muttered, pulling forward another small bowl and squinting at it.  He stood and slowly let the contents drip into the cauldron, glaring down into it to watch it fizz and settle.
Sherlock ducked his head down against Cecelia’s head, his face reddening again.  “I thought she might like it.  Gardens are calming in general and I’ve always enjoyed them, and I knew I could incorporate the osiria fairly easily this way.  Besides, with the fact that we know that both you and…well, I thought the ceiling looked a bit like Hogwarts and I hoped…perhaps someday she might see the real thing and be reminded.  Of home.  If she comes to consider this home.  Which she will.  Hopefully.  If the two of you wish to stay for an extended period of time.  Which I hope you do.  You should know you’re both welcome here as long as you wish, John.”
“Wait…
did a fair bit of yelling at me over some of the shit said in this chapter.  ;)  Enjoy!
“John,” Sherlock breathed before his face screwed up in confusion.  “What the hell was that?”
Shooting him a look to confirm it was okay, John grabbed the mobile and put in the pin without thinking.  Sherlock smiled slightly at the particularly domestic move and watched him out of the corner of his eye.  John’s brow furrowed deeper as he scrolled through the first message, both brows rising when he found the second.
propped up between them.  Sherlock growled low in his throat as he read Smaug’s lines, lifting a hand and tickling her stomach in faux attack.  She broke out in giggles and batted him away, her cheeks flushed in amusement.  Sherlock beamed down at her and traded his attacks for an arm around her shoulder instead.  He mimicked John’s voice for Bilbo as always, making it higher and more ridiculous than necessary as his eyes darted over to John in the doorway.
Me, in the year of our lord 2021, literal years later: HE'S RIGHT HERE
Not the proper meeting or place,
“Hello Minerva.”  He grinned up at her.  “We were wondering if now would be a good time to stop over and discuss that thing I’ve been owling you about?”
Mycroft nodded and leveled his gaze on John.  “Not unlike what happened when you received your own letter, Dr. Watson.  But while your sister decided to wallow in her own misery, I did more than that.”
He woke up a few hours later to his stomach grumbling in complaint.  Groaning along with it, he reluctantly crawled out of bed and threw on his dressing gown, hoping to find something promising in the kitchen.  Unfortunately, between the small size of it and their general disarray, he found only an empty crisps wrapper in the bin and half a container of milk.  He considered simply making tea and waiting until the next meal, but even the thought of going without anything soon caused his stomach to protest.  Grumbling to himself, he trudged back into the bedroom to put on proper clothes.
John buried his blush in Sherlock’s neck, peppering kisses where he could reach. Once he felt composed, he shuffled back down Sherlock’s body, nudging his legs apart so that he could settle between them. He felt Sherlock’s thighs quivering in anticipation and gently massaged the inside of one of them, heedless of the fact that he was covering Sherlock in lube. Sherlock pushed up into the movement and John left that hand where it was as he trailed the other up to the tempting shadow of Sherlock’s hole.
Thompson jumped to attention and rushed over to John’s side.  “Course, Master Watson, what do you need?”
John lifted off of Sherlock’s cock to dart up and cover his mouth with his own.  “Shh, or they’ll hear,” he whispered against his lips, his eyes darting mischievously out to the street only a few feet away.  Sherlock whimpered and pulled John’s face down to his with a fierce hand in John’s hair, forcing them back into another powerful snog.  Reluctantly John pulled away to dart in towards Sherlock’s ear, licking it with a brief wet swipe before muttering, “Do that again, though.  The revving.  I’ve got an idea.”
“Lumos,” he muttered, and a soft glow shot out from the wand tip into the trees, cutting through the branches to illuminate John and Sherlock’s figures.  Sherlock’s wide eyed and gaping expression of surprise might have been amusing to John if there wasn’t a possibly deadly wizard with his wand in Sherlock’s face.  Just as the other two men raised their wands, John dove for Sherlock to push him completely to the ground, his body draped over Sherlock’s.
At first, John could barely feel the touch from how light it was.  Using just the very tips of his first two fingers, Sherlock traced the scar from the inside out, following the veins of ridged tissue out to its edges.  When the movement didn’t cause an immediate reaction of pain or discomfort, Sherlock increased his pressure.  While John could hardly feel the touch on the deadened skin, once Sherlock moved toward the centre with a brief addition of nail John gave a full body shiver.  Sherlock froze instantly, but John shifted his face around to plant a kiss on his neck, which hovered close by.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I know,” John sighed, digging through one of the suitcases for a pair of jeans.  His head shot up with a frown from where he knelt, lines of wrinkles forming between his eyes.  “Actually, Mary, I hate to ask it, but…you think I could head out on my own today?  Just today, I promise.  We’ll stop by with Cecy tomorrow, but I think I’d rather be on my own this time round.”
“No apologies needed.”  John shifted his grip so that he cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands.  He rubbed his thumbs along Sherlock’s cheekbones, making his eyes fall shut in contentment.  “You know, there might be a way for us to be here and you to be on cases at the same time.”
By the time he reached them, Greg had pulled on his gloves and fell to his knees in the snow, starting to roll out a ball to make a snowman’s base.  Molly and John simply watched him as he ran across the quad, the ball gradually doubling in size.  He huffed as he fought to make it bigger and turned it back towards the other two, leading it back into the middle of the quad.  Smirking, John ripped off a piece of his bagel and swallowed it before shouting, “Hey Greg!  You wanna build a snowman?”
“If that means using this bloody amazing bed, there’s no need for incentive.  I plan on thoroughly debauching it as soon as humanly possible.”
Sherlock stared up at him as he opened the tube and squirted some of it into his hand. John noticed he was being watched and grinned down at Sherlock as he tossed the lube to the side and spread it across his palms. His smile softened at the openly adoring expression on Sherlock’s face and he couldn’t help but lean down and take a sip of a kiss.
With one hand, John placed the kettle between them on the table and used the other to pull out his wand.  He slid behind Sherlock, peering around his arm to place it into his right hand and tightened Sherlock’s fingers around the wood.  “Alright, we’re going to give the water conjuring charm a try.  It’s one of the ones taught to older students, so don’t feel too badly if you don’t manage it, okay?  The word you’ll need is aquamenti.”
Pushing aside the blankets, John popped his head up next to Sherlock’s, nuzzling into his neck as he traced the outline of his cock through his pants.  Sherlock still fought to remain asleep, but John could see his breath beginning to hitch and his eyes fluttering under his lashes.  John ran his thumbnail under the head of Sherlock’s cock where it pushed against the band of his pants, guiding it out to rub his thumb against the slit.  Sherlock’s eyes shot open on a gasp and his head thrashed until he could see John’s face.  His gaping mouthed surprise made John grin even wider.
Mrs. Hudson shot him a happy smile and waved her hands.  “I won’t spoil it for you, but it’s simply beautiful.  I’m sure you’ll be pleased with it.”  She glanced around at the bags and moved towards the door.  “Well, I’ll stop pestering you three and leave you to it.  If you need anything, just let me know.  I’m always happy to look after the little one if you need me.”  Waving them goodbye, she headed back downstairs.
“Yeah, I know, really,” John sighed.  “Can’t blame a bloke for trying, though.”
“As dreadfully touching as this little scene is, I have pressing business to attend to and really do not intend to spend all of my evening in Godric’s Hollow.”  The drawling voice behind Sherlock caused them both to snap around, mouths gaping.  Perfectly tailored as always and umbrella in hand, Mycroft Holmes stood stiffly in the kitchen doorway, a mixture of amusement and disgust warring on his face.
James nodded with a soft smile and kissed Mycroft’s cheek in reply.  Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned fully to John, a look of utmost disgust on his face.  Greg, meanwhile, drained the last of his wine and shot Mycroft a look.  “Should have guessed he was part of the wizarding government as well as the Muggle one.  Are you a wizard too?”
“But she had her wand.  That means she couldn’t possibly be the metamorphmagus we’re looking for, unless the wand we have isn’t hers or she managed to get a new one.”
Rubbing at his forehead, John sighed.  “Just trust me, okay?  Magic doesn’t come from the wand – it’s like it’s the transport that helps transfer it from you to whatever needs to be done, just like how you separate your body from your mind.  But you have to relax and let it happen, you see?  You’re trying too hard and tensing up, it’s freaking your mind out and making you focus too much on all of it.  Just let it happen and see how it goes, eh?”
“Nice show, lads – oh.” Niall glanced around the room in search of Sherlock. “Where’s Sherlock? Is everything okay?”
John’s cock practically dripped lube across the bed sheets, he was so eager to coat himself. He held the base of it in one hand as he brought the other up to cradle Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock’s eyes flew open in a daze and he focused on John staring down at him with open devotion.
“Particularly since he had to have seen you at some point in that time and notice that you weren’t wearing the pin. Which means we saw him as well.”
Sherlock shook his head, his frown deepening.  “Not specifically, but I suspect it isn’t good.  I wasn’t inclined towards Harry’s tone – he’s confused about something, something to do with the prisoners, but it isn’t concerning him overly enough to come out strongly in his words.  As I said before, I need more facts.”
“Exactly.  Typically there is some magic back in the Muggleborns’ lineage; Mum and I checked it out before she died and apparently we’ve got some great uncle twice removed or some such rubbish that was a wizard and it somehow managed to pass on to me.  I’m the only living Watson who’s a wizard, though, and the only one on either side of the known family to be one.”
“Bath?” John whispered, his mouth curled into a wicked grin.  Sherlock gulped, his Adam’s apple bobbing with the motion and nearly tempting John back in.  Rather than following the motion with his tongue, John took a step back and turned Sherlock towards the bath, giving his bum a smack to encourage him along.  Sherlock glanced at him over his shoulder, his eyebrows raised mischievously, and sauntered across the room, giving his hips a purposeful swagger.  John shook his head at him and attempted to focus on their things rather than what Sherlock did over at the tub.
And snatches them both
Sherlock turned his face to bury it in the side of John’s neck. “Please –“ he whispered, his breath hot, and John yelped as his orgasm hit him suddenly, splattering come across Sherlock’s back and the ropes. Sherlock gentled his touch as John twitched and panted through it, letting out a sigh of contentment as John grew soft in his hands. John turned his face enough to nudge noses with Sherlock, licking his lips and almost Sherlock’s as well, they were so close.
“You made the choices you thought were best, Major – there was nothing more you could have done.  The fact that others make you think you aren’t worthy of being praised for the sacrifices you’ve made is shameful.”
The colour in Sherlock’s face instantly faded.  “Oh.”  He glanced around his shoulder into his room, his eyes enormous when they turned back to John.  “Ah.  I hadn’t thought of that.”
ago, we never even knew for sure who the hell you were, and now you’re just showing up to, what?  Fuck with us?  Make us pay for, I dunno, ignoring you?”
“An idiot professor tried to fix a break and made it worse, apparently.  I can definitely guarantee I won’t be as rubbish as that.”
“We got the same letter,” Stephen continued.  “Didn’t say much, just that you had the same skill as your mother.  I never would have known about magic at all if it hadn’t come.  Then as you got older, you started showing the signs.”
Sherlock stood at the end of the hallway, dressing gown fanning out around him as he pointed his wand at John.  His head shot around to glance at the kitchen door before spinning back to John and Cecelia, eventually lowering his wand to hang limply at his side.
“Oh, we met not long after he finished at Hogwarts.  He and my second oldest, Charlie, were there at the same time, although they didn’t know one another particularly well.  It wasn’t until everything happened with his parents and he decided to join the Order that we met properly.”
“First of all, she’s not my daughter, she’s my niece.  Second of all, she’s
Within seconds, Sherlock was rushing forward, plastering himself against the displays with eyes fiery with excitement.  Each display came with muttered exclamations (“John, look!  They’ve got Daniel Good’s Death Mask!  He’s the reason the detective branch was created, useless as they are overall.”  “Annie Parker, she’s the one who they arrested hundreds of times for public drunkenness.  Boring, but one must admire her devotion, both to the drink and her sampler.”  “Deeming…they suspected he might have been Jack the Ripper, did you know?”  “Ah, Charles Peace.  He was quite clever in getting into and out of homes, not to mention having quite a bit of musical ability.  Shame he had to ruin it by injuring an officer.”  “Look, they’ve information from the Tichborne debacle!  Orton might have gotten away with it if he’d done it properly, but unfortunately he was an idiot.”  “Execution ropes, excellent!  Were you aware it was only removed as a means of capital punishment in the 60’s?  It was an ineffective means of execution, but inexpensive and fairly easy, therefore the most popular method to punish criminals permanently.”) and John followed with an amused smile and occasional noises of interest, more focused on watching Sherlock than on the items themselves.
Dagaz - daylight or dawn, "Light is around you" (I've been thinking of this one as the John rune because it represents what John is to Sherlock)
“May I borrow this, John?” he asked, keeping his eyes on the pages as he flipped through them at a rapid speed.  “Some of these creatures are typical ones from traditional mythology, but others…these Nifflers, they’ve got something like the charm you have on your bags, it says.”
John let out a sigh.  “You’re right.  I’m sorry.  I’m just agitated with myself for not knowing it was going on.  I should have been paying more attention.”
Throughout John’s explanation, Sherlock’s mouth gradually gaped open more and more in what would have been a comical manner if matters hadn’t been so serious.  Once John was finished, Sherlock blinked a few times in dazed confusion before clearing his throat.  “I…did not understand some of those words, John; you may need to say that again.”  John wished he’d had a recorder handy for Sherlock’s reply.  He’d love nothing better than to toss out a reminder of the one time Sherlock admitted to not understand and encouraged repetition all in the same breath.  Rather than asking him to say it again into his phone’s speaker, John chuckled and got to his feet.
“He probably would have just told you to find out for yourself; that tends to be how he is.”  John removed the wand to the coffee table and wrapped both arms around Sherlock.  He snuffled into his neck, humming low in his throat.  “It’s still early, but we could turn in now.”  Rubbing his nose slowly against his neck, John managed to shift around Sherlock’s collar and reach the spot where neck met shoulder.  He started running his lips over the small patch of skin, not exactly kissing the spot but hinting at it as he spoke against him.  “If you’re interested.”
John wrinkled his brow and his mouth fell open in shock.  “You…what the bloody fuck does that even mean, complete your
A few seconds later, the door was wrenched open just enough to reveal a wide-eyed little boy.  He stared up at John for a moment before turning and yelling, “MR. HOLMES.  THERE’S A STRANGE MAN AT THE DOOR.”
“Are there ways to distinguish someone as a metamorphmagus other than being one?” Sherlock prodded, leaning forward in his seat.  “A spell, a potion, something of the sort beyond seeing the individual change?”
“And you never saw anyone go into the dressing room while it was unlocked?” he asked the first woman, who had her arm wrapped around the other.
The office door at the back of the classroom creaked open, Slughorn’s face peering out with curiosity.  When he spotted Sherlock, he broke out in a smile and pulled the door the rest of the way open.
.”  John pushed off the counter, tray carefully balanced on his hip, and caught another great smile crossing his face as he joined McGonagall.
The next few days past by fairly silently for the pair.  They spent most of their time indoors roaming through the thousands of books in the library, looking for whatever clues they could provide as to where Mary might have gone.  At night, Sherlock often snuck away from their quarters to visit the headmistress’ office.  He and Snape got along better than John had ever seen Sherlock act in his life other than with himself, and they often could be found talking quietly together long into the evenings.  John let them be, declining any interaction to spend more time with Cecelia instead.  He could tell she was missing her mother despite her little understanding of what had happened, and John tried to fill the void left over as best as he could.
John gave a jerk of a nod, mouth pressed into a tense line.  “I’m positive, Tom.  I’ve seen this before – this is Death Eaters, and ones who have been at it before.”
Chuckling, John shook his head with a grin.  “Honestly, I couldn’t say.  The first time I saw him with a kid was at my wedding, and it’s bloody amazing how he interacts with them.  At least part of it is how he treats them, I suspect – he talks to them instead of at them, just like he talks to an adult.  He told us right off when we found out that Mary was pregnant – well, when
Here there be continued fluff, the beginnings of angst, and the first very tiny hint of smut.  Thanks once more to
John shook his head but tilted Sherlock’s face up for a kiss regardless.  “You’re ridiculous and I love it,” he mumbled against his lips before straightening and waving a hand behind him.  “Come see who’s here.”
“Is this something about the dust on the floor?” Sherlock muttered into John’s hair.  “Because you know I really don’t mind.  You know how I truly feel about dust.”
The man sniffed and narrowed his eyes at John, clutching the boxes closer when he noticed John’s clenched fists.  “That’s all well and good, but I need
“Ebony, unicorn tail hair, eleven and two-thirds inches,” he declared, sliding the first box across to him.  “Much more relenting.  If not, we’ll try this one.”  Ollivander pulled off the lid and shoved it towards Sherlock, silently requesting Sherlock take his offering.
Pulling out Sherlock’s handcrafted creation, John posed with it and winked. “A dildo? Yep. You can thank this one for it.”
An unfortunate side effect of the investigation, however, was the resurfacing of memories.  When he was with Sherlock, John usually found himself able to disconnect, able to separate his private emotions from the puzzle to be solved.  It was just another case with him, unfortunate in the loss of lives but a case nonetheless.  The sensation never lasted outside of 221b, unfortunately, and thoughts often bombarded John as soon as he returned to Mary.  Distractions such as work at the clinic and caring for Cecelia worked for a time, but his job always ended and Cecy slept.  After a few days’ sleepless nights, he wasn’t surprised at Mary questioning him.
“If John hasn’t informed you, I have no right to do it either.”  For the first time since they’d met, McGonagall shot him a pitying look.  Frown lines creased her forehead, causing him to echo the expression.  “I have no doubt that you and John Watson are very close, but if you truly feel for him what I suspect, you will let him tell you his secrets.  His life has been a difficult one, like so many of his peers’, and he was forced to grow up so much sooner than he ought.  I will not reveal John Watson’s past for him, particularly such a past as his.  Besides, the chances of you believing anyone’s words other than his own in this are doubtful.”
“Cedar.  It’s nine and a quarter inches, with a phoenix feather for a core.  Mr. Ollivander enjoyed pointing out the fact that it was an interesting sign that such a common wood held such an unusual core.  Always thought he was a bit daft.”
“I actually expected a bit worse,” he commented as he began to work on Sherlock’s face.  “Very artificial wounds, considering the stone of the walls and their roughness down in the dungeons in particular.  Even with the healing, you’ll probably be bruised and sore for a few days.  If it’s bothering you too much, let me know and I can give you a dose of painkillers.  You’ve been hurt worse, so I think your body will be fine.”
John let out a frustrated sigh.  “Yeah, I figured you wouldn’t be much help on that bit.  It’s just such a rare gift, you know?  It ought to be this great help because of that and it just isn’t working out that way.”
John smiled and shook his head, ignoring her assumption for the time being and slipping the key into his jacket pocket.  As she returned to her work, he slung his duffle farther up his shoulder and went in search of Sherlock.  They’d received a call from Lestrade late last night, explaining that he had a friend up in Scotland who could use Sherlock’s help.  Given what the date was, John tried to subtly convince Sherlock to hold off on going until Monday, but Sherlock seemed so excited by whatever Lestrade told him that John gave in fairly quickly.  They got the next train out that night and spent a long thirteen hours squashed in a pair of cheap seats attempting to sleep.
“John?  Is everything all right?”
“No problem.” Internally, John laughed at the idea of removing the stockings. With the plans he had, they would add a delightful touch to the final picture of Sherlock bound and wanting. Luckily, he didn’t have long for his thoughts to lead him into dangerous territory as the door opened and the night’s audience entered.
This meeting may be our last,
“Nah, he’ll be in his mind palace figuring shit out by this point. Don’t let him keep you here too late, yeah? I’m heading home…headache, not feeling well…”
Mycroft stepped forward to grab a pinch of John’s Floo.  John checked that James was still upstairs before expanding the fireplace so they could step into it easily.  Tossing the powder into the grate and waiting for it to turn green, Mycroft stepped inside with ease and declared, “Minerva McGonagall’s office!”  In a flash, he was gone.
“Knew you’d get there eventually.  So yeah, there’s a good reason for a date and everything.  I let Rosmerta know we were coming and why, which is probably why she sent over the drinks.”
anything.  Magic’s something you’re born with, and the Ministry knows if you’re a wizard whether you’ve got a background in it or not.  They send out the letters to anyone with the proper skill, regardless of whether the kids know it or not.  Otherwise you’d never have any Muggleborns.”
Rolling his eyes, Mycroft pulled the door closed behind him.  They waited for the idling car roar to life and drive away before John nuzzled into Sherlock’s hair.  “Want to talk about what you found out?”
With most of his focus on what he was reading, Sherlock replied, “Yes, very clever, if juvenile.  Hogwarts is split into houses?”
“Enough that your question is idiotic,” Sherlock interjected, face visibly displaying his irritation.  “Your mother was Tonks, the other metamorphmagus friend John had.  You inherited the characteristic from her.  Are there other ways to learn it?”
“Don’t worry, love, it’s fine.  We’re fine.”
“That…that was the exact opposite of how I described the process,” Neville said with a sigh, running a hand through his hair.  Sherlock frowned and waved a hand down at the leaves.
Neil pushed himself to his feet, grabbing his bag with his uninjured hand.  “Thanks, Master Watson.  It feels loads better already.”
Sherlock became his own personal volcano of fury in Lestrade’s office as the man dealing with the brunt of his fire sat awkwardly behind his desk, shifting in his seat in a mixture of discomfort and alarm.  Lestrade scratched at his ear while Sherlock huffed in breaths through his nose, attempting to at least give the impression that he was calm.
“Uh, sorry?”
“Sherlock?  Where are you headed?  Even if it’s daylight, we really shouldn’t be in the forest, particularly when I’m the only one with real magical experience.”
John’s smile widened, pausing for half a second to consider.  He turned to face the skull on its usual place on the mantle and, with the practiced ease of a man in his element, gave an arched swish and flick with a muttered, “Wingardium Leviosa.”  Instantly the skull shot into the air and floated to come and rest on Sherlock’s lap at John’s guiding.  The childlike wonder that spread across Sherlock face caused a flood of warmth to spread through John.
“Hi there, booking for Holmes?”
“You certainly have the most delightful companion acting as your tamer,” Nicolette remarked, watching John watch Sherlock. John’s attention snapped back to her with a blink. “He’s become quite popular amongst the others.”
“That’s what I suspected,” John said with a nod. “I did a bit of research last night and that particular emblem is from around World War II. I’d wager it came from someone’s grandparent as a family heirloom or something. But how’d they know I was in the RAMC too?”
sprang the news on
By the time John came back up, the living room was empty and muffled noises came from behind Sherlock’s closed bedroom door. He emerged seconds later in a worn t-shirt and sleeping trousers, his blue dressing gown draped over his shoulders. He immediately made for his chair and slouched down into it, taking out his mobile and tapping away at it.
“Since I was old enough to get the license.  Where are my helmet and key?”
“Scorpius,” Sherlock said sharply, his eyes darting over him quickly.  “What’s happened?”
Leaning back against his closed door, John dragged a hand down his face and groaned. While Sherlock may have been comfortable casually discussing BDSM practices, John found himself getting turned on simply from the thought of Sherlock experimenting with it, regardless of how cavalier he seemed about this aspect of his past. Images of a younger, more vulnerable Sherlock without the harshness of a world that treated him as though he was a freak made his heart squeeze in sympathy and rage at those who hurt him. He hoped that all of his experiments with his body went well, but given his tendency toward ignoring its needs now, he suspected that wasn’t the case. Regardless, he was in John’s hands now, and he would do everything in his power to make sure Sherlock felt safe and well taken care of.
“Maybe we should start at the beginning,” John said, taking over for a baffled Sherlock.  “I’ve got magic too – Sherlock found out about it and my time at Hogwarts at the same time we took on our last case.  He took it for me; the deaths were the same as my parents’ and my background just sort of came out because of it.”  John quickly explained a condensed version of everything that occurred on the case.
Spotting the scar that branched across John’s shoulder, Sherlock paused and narrowed in on it.  His eyes flicked between it and John’s eyes, seeking approval to explore further.  John sent him a small nod of encouragement and instantly Sherlock lifted a hand to it.
“The Muggle world didn’t treat him much better,” Sherlock muttered, in a tone he thought was low enough to not be heard.
John blinked himself back into the moment, releasing his death grip on Sherlock’s hair. When he looked down, it was to see Sherlock’s dilated eyes staring back at him intently. He shifted to his knees, his arse wiggling in discomfort, and John pushed himself up into a sitting position. With shaking hands, he reached out to pull Sherlock into his lap, immediately diving into his tiny shorts for his cock. Sherlock draped his arms around John’s neck, one of his legs coming up to wrap around John’s waist. He threw his head back and wrapped a single gentle hand around the back of John’s neck as he began to pump him in his sweaty palm.
“Sherlock at Hogwarts…dear God, I hope you all know what you’re getting into here,” John muttered.  He huffed out a sigh and took Cecelia from Ginny’s waiting arms with a grateful smile.  “Thanks, Gin, really.  Tell the kids I give them my love.”
The pavement shined under the streetlights, an afternoon of constant rain obvious, when John finally left the clinic that night.  He may have agreed to work on Christmas Eve, but he didn’t realize that the agreement meant he would be the single regular doctor in the office for the majority of the day.  He also never expected such a tiny clinic could be so mad the day before Christmas; the sheer number of emergency appointments that bombarded him over the course of eight hours was frankly ridiculous.  He knew it was better that the coughs, colds, and sniffles were coming in to them rather than clogging up the A&E, but he also expected at least some of the populace of London to recognize when a trip to Boots for a bottle of cough syrup would be a better start than waking up with a sore throat and immediately making an appointment.  At least he wasn’t bored while he was stuck there all day.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Better.”  Sherlock turned to Harry and studied him.  “He’s not denying it.”
“Figured it out yet, then?” he asked, watching Sherlock frown but squeeze his hand back.  When he didn’t respond, John dragged him across the street and up a short escalator, eventually leading him to an open air walkway above the street.  Sherlock squinted at the sign overhead, pulling John to a stop as his frown deepened.
, you must be joking,” Sherlock muttered.  John looked up at him, suspecting he knew where this was going but waiting to see Sherlock’s reaction.  “Seriously, Mycroft?  I get John so you decided you need a soldier yourself?  I definitely deserve to meet the dog now.”
“Perfect, darling.  Remember, Sherlock, you’re going to the Three Broomsticks.  Once you’re gone, I’ll kill the fire and Apparate to meet you there.  Professor…
“Why do you keep calling me that?” Sherlock asked abruptly, turning to face John.  The movement dislodged John’s hand and John blinked down at him.  “You keep calling me ‘love.’  Why?”
“If he really wanted to help, he’d let me do something more than sit aside waiting!”  John’s voice rose to an angry shout of its own accord, abruptly waking a sleeping Cecelia.  Instantly she began to cry, and John’s rage dimmed as he picked her up to shush her, muttering quiet reassurances into her ear.  His forehead met hers in a sigh that was barely more than a breath.  “I’m sorry, Professor.  It’s been a rougher week than expected, as pathetic of an excuse as that is.”
“Merman, yes, I’m aware.  Just because I have a tail doesn’t mean I’m uncivilized.  Are you going to help me find this shell or not?”
John’s face turned bright with a promising grin.  “Well then.  I suppose we’re off then.  Thanks Neville, Professor, really.  You’ve been fantastic through all of this.”
Before Sherlock realized John’s intentions, he descended on Sherlock’s cock, taking the tip he had been rubbing seconds before into his mouth.  He took a moment to run the ridges of his taste buds along his glans, rotating between sudden hard movements and barely there brushes that ended in soft suction.  Sherlock let out a strangled noise and scrambled around for a better grip.  The foot that had been resting on the exhaust pipe hitched up around John’s waist and attempted to shuffle him closer.  When John refused to take his suggestion, Sherlock lifted his arms up behind him, hoping to find a way to thrust up against him.  His plan backfired, however, when one of his hands landed on the handles and squeezed.  The bike revved suddenly, causing a delightful vibration to run through the machine and therefore along Sherlock’s body.  Sherlock let out a strangled shout, shivering as the vibrations died away and he settled quaking limbs back down across the bike.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reluctantly pulled the puzzle box toward him, shoving the pieces into it with more force than was necessary to illustrate his displeasure.  Miss Jones left him alone to organize the other children and let Miss Hart’s class in.  By the time Sherlock had put the box on the shelf where it belonged and returned to his table, another student sat at the seat next to his chair.  His legs hung above the floor, causing him to swing his feet back and forth erratically.  He clutched the side of the seat and his blonde head darted around, searching for his partner.  Sherlock huffed and squared his shoulders, approaching the table with his head held high.
“John Watson!” she cried, her voice thick with contained tears.  She squeezed him in a tight grip, sniffling into his shoulder.  John clutched her close and shot Sherlock a sheepish grin over his shoulder.  “It has been far too long!”
John pulled back to survey his handiwork.  The skin of Sherlock’s thighs, once white and bare, had become rosy red and spotted with John’s teeth marks.  Faint nail crescents from where John gripped the tops of his legs to keep Sherlock still were blooming as John watched.  Sherlock’s face, meanwhile, was destroyed, his eyes hovering at half mast and his mouth thrown open in a noiseless gasp.  His fists clutched at the sheets, crumpling the duvet under him, and he flexed them under John’s scrutiny.
“No fucking clue how you knew that, but yeah, I could probably get us in if I tried.  What are you thinking?”
Sherlock gaped at the messages, stunned enough that he pulled up the number to confirm it was actually Mycroft who sent them.  They had been sent from Mycroft’s personal number, one only he could have had access to, but Sherlock still didn’t necessarily believe they could have come from him.  It certainly was the first time he’d seen Mycroft apologize without provoking in years, and he wasn’t even sure what he was apologizing for.  Before he could think about it too deeply, he was interrupted by John calling from the stairs.
The longer Sherlock spoke, the wider Doyle’s smile grew.  He set Cecelia back down at his feet, causing John to let out a sharp breath of relief, and lifted his wand over his head.  Giving a complicated swirl, a soft mist floated down from the tip of his wand to land across his body.  The longer it sat on him, the quicker it began to settle deeper into his clothing until it touched his skin below.  As soon as it settled there, his appearance began to change, small and subtle differences that just barely illustrated the changes being made in his appearance.  His facial hair melted away to reveal a softer jaw, his face and nose elongating while his eyes melted from blue to brown.  His suddenly increased height became obvious by his shortened sleeves and trousers, the robes he wore growing tight across his chest and shoulders as his body broadened.  When he lowered his wand once the transformation was complete, he stood before them as an eerily similar and yet entirely different person.
With Sherlock’s knees spread, he sat just low enough that John could hook his chin over one of his shoulders. He ran his hands slowly down Sherlock’s chest until he reached the top of his pants. Drawing Sherlock’s cock out with one hand, John felt around for the still open lube and managed to squeeze an enormous amount out into his palm and across some of the bed. He purposefully left a smear of it across Sherlock’s stomach as he guided his sticky hand to take a tight hold around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock let out a strangled noise and his head fell back onto John’s shoulder, exposing his neck beautifully.
“Of course, darling,” John replied.
“I’m going to have to forgive him,” he muttered into the fabric of John’s shirt.  John barked out a laugh and wrapped an arm around his waist to bring him close.
“What sort of theme should we do tonight?” he asked as he spotted a slim waistcoat with black and white vertical stripes. Sherlock came to his side and squinted down at it, chewing his lip.
“No,” he finally gasped out. “Now. Wanna feel it – “ He broke down into a high keening groan as Sherlock abruptly pulled his fingers free. Sherlock shushed him and placed a reassuring kiss on John’s neck as he fumbled for the dildo. John swallowed down the stream of affectionate words that threatened to come out at the movement, afraid it would be too much and make Sherlock stop. All words flew from his head anyway as he felt Sherlock push the smooth head of the dildo against his hole.
“Together,” Sherlock repeated.  His eyes were soft as he shot John a tiny grin.  “Does this count as our first fight?  Does that mean we can move on to the makeup sex?”
Like.  Tell me that doesn't scream Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock took a deep breath and narrowed his eyes at the spoon.  Waving his arm, he declared, “Scourgify,” pointing his wand at it.  The spoon shot up into the air and let out a sputtering noise before dropping back to the counter.  Rather than simply cleaning off the remaining dough, his spell scoured the top layer off the wood, leaving it looking raw and new with its lightened and overly smooth wood.  Sherlock grimaced and tucked his wand back into its sheath while Molly went to inspect it closer.
“Evening, madam,” he said, tipping his hat to her and grinning. Nicolette raised a well manicured eyebrow at him as she slowly raked her eyes from his head to his toes. Apparently appreciating what she saw, she offered him her hand that was draped in rings and bracelets and he leaned over it, blowing a kiss above her skin to keep to the rules of no touching.
Doyle grinned, his hands shoved casually into his pockets as he rested his back against the wall.  His shoulders shoved back into the stone, thrusting his waist out suggestively while his hands bulged out his trouser pockets.  “Hmm, I suppose not.  A shame.  What are you doing?”
From the shapes and sizes of their bodies, they all appeared to be male.  One of them was slightly taller than the other two, and from the authoritative stance he took when he stopped, John guessed him to be the leader.  They all wore dark clothing, covering almost all of their features, black hoods folded over their heads to block out their faces.  The tall one’s hood jerked as he nodded to the other two and lowered himself to sit cross legged on the ground.  The others followed his motions, sitting directly in front of John and Sherlock’s hiding spot and facing the first man.
Walking hand in hand, John leisurely guided Sherlock along the path to the lake, his destination clear despite refusing to tell Sherlock where they were headed and why.  Sherlock watched his face with a small smile.  Boyish excitement smoothed the lines of his face, nearly giving him a glimpse of the same John Watson who once dashed along these same paths.  They reached the lakeside with Sherlock paying more attention to John than where they were going, despite his original protestations of interest.  John pulled them right to the water’s edge, turning until they were facing each other, and grasped both of Sherlock’s hands in his.
