"If it's nobody's, I'll take it," the man spat, taking Dean hard by the arm.
He sat up carefully, with slow movements, trying to adjust his eyes to the darkness, but he knew there was nothing to see in that place. It was a 2x2 cell, with a thick metal door that kept him  from the outside.
"I'm not going anywhere until I talk to Dean ..." Castiel yelled and Charlie tried to calm him down, but to no avail, Castiel broke free of his hands and started to wander around the place, screaming.
"I'm going to buy Dean from his Alpha," he explained.
Dean nodded, but hurriedly added a "yes" because he remembered that alphas liked the omegas to answer their questions verbally and not with nodding.
He didn't realize he was crying until he touched the wet sheet. He wiped away his tears, he was not going to give up. He could still run away, the door was only a few steps away. Maybe he could open it, the key was in the lock, he would just turn it and run away, and maybe the Alpha wouldn't reach him ... but he was still weak, he felt tired and sore. His ribs ached when he took a deep breath and his eye was still swollen.
Héctor stopped next to Dean and Jacob, and then Robert arrived.
Everything hurt, he felt the metallic taste of blood in his mouth, and his sight was blurry, but he could still see Castiel being held back by an Officer. He looked pale, his blue eyes wide. As if he had seen a ghost. For a second he felt the need to tell him that everything would be fine. To run to comfort him, but that idea evaporated from his mind as soon as it came.
He held the cell phone with his trembling hands and it slipped through his fingers, falling with a thud on the floor.
It was the Alpha voice, so Dean stopped and, still agitated, froze against the wall.
“We’re going to mark you and then you can go to your cell. Unfortunately, lunch has already been made today, but tomorrow you can eat together with the other Omegas, and if you are lucky in a few days you can return to your Alpha. ”
"No, we're going straight to the System. I need to know if Dean is here and talk to him."
"Please, please, Alpha ..." Dean twisted forcefully in the arms of the Betas holding him, but he could do nothing to free himself from their grasp. Without preamble, they dragged him closer to the table, and forcefully supported your right arm over it.
"What do we do with him, sir?" asked the Beta who had come looking for Dean at Castiel's house.
It stopped abruptly because the loudspeaker announced something, and several people started moving. It was not his flight, but he stopped to watch those people grab their luggage and walk briskly toward the plane.
"Sorry, sorry ..." was all Dean could gasp out. He was dizzy, his ribs were throbbing, and now his knees and hands ached as well. He was sure that his fear could be smelt from miles away.
Dean watched him go to the kitchen and watched as he washed the dishes and partly panicked. He should be doing that, that is the task of the Omegas, not the alphas, but he was not an Omega of this alpha, so he was not sure how he should behave.
The next day they woke him up early, it was breakfast time.
"An Alpha wanted to attack him, take him home ... take him to hurt him, Charlie"
"Shh, you had a fever, but it will come down now after the bath," explained Castiel.
With slow steps he approached Dean, and held the Omega's hand from the other end.
Dean also stopped, staring in horror at the man. His Alpha scent permeated everything; he didn’t smell angry, but excited and alcoholic – which might be worse. He appeared to be in his thirties, and he wore elegant clothes; not a suit and tie, but still, an outfit that seemed very expensive.
Presenting was one of the most important. Bent over bent knees. Well disposed to availability of the Alpha. Never make a lot of noise or complain. Accept what was given to them with happiness.
"It is a vegetable and chicken lasagna" he revealed, unable to hide the emotions that filled him whenever he talked about his dishes. He had been very happy while working in the kitchen of the old restaurant, collecting some money to be independent from his father while studying.
"I remember," Dean replied, because he really did. He would never forget the soft and sure scent of Castiel, but despite that he didn't feel that he could trust the man. He was an Alpha, and you can't trust Alphas, at least not if you’re  an Omega.
An Alpha.Dean knew it was Alpha because he wasn’t wearing a collar, he had his head up, and he wore a suit and raincoat; and he smelled strong, but it was a scent Dean couldn’t decipher. His penetrating gaze, and the way his forehead purse also caught Dean’s attention. He had marked features, not really delicate. A beard was starting to make its presence known, and his dark brown hair was ruffled and unruly. It looked like he had just gotten up, or he had been traveling for hours. His gaze first turned to the Alpha that held Dean, and then for a fraction of a second, on Dean himself.
"Liar," snapped the Alpha before hitting him in the stomach. "Don’t you know that you shouldn’t lie to an Alpha? Do you think you’re smart? Do you think you’re better than an Alpha?" He grunted, hitting Dean again right over the ribs.
He helped him bathe, or he almost did the whole job, stopping where the Omega complained, and running the bath sponge very gently over his ribs. But they weren't broken, at least he could check. Just very bruised. They would heal, as well as the rest of his wounds, and he would be in charge of preparing something tasty to feed him.
On the first attempt, Dean almost died of embarrassment. Even when he lived in the educational system they had individual toilets, and more or less ten minutes. But apparently time had decreased and privacy had been removed. It was not just about sharing the place with the other Omegas, but also with the Officers who were always present in all places and armed to the teeth.
But now he looked up from the sheet and his eyes accidentally locked with the Alpha's. But before he looked down properly, he saw something that paralyzed him. He held his breath, and for a few seconds lost himself in Castiel's blue eyes. And in his scent. He was alarmed, uneasy.
He didn’t really  know if he should trust the alpha, just as he didn’t know what he was agreeing to. He didn't understand why an Alpha, who apparently had enough money to buy an Omega, wanted him.
He carefully lifted a hand from under the blankets and extended it to the gel tube, but before holding it he looked up to watch as the Alpha continued to move in the kitchen, focused on something. He doubted whether he should grab it or not, but he had supposedly left it there for Dean, although it could always be a trap. Alastair did much of that. He asked him if he was hungry and when Dean said yes, he left him without eating for hours. Over time he had learned to always say no.
Almost without thinking, he stood up and charged at Gordon. He shoved him hard and wrapped his arms around his hips, like a hug but not friendly at all. He pushed him as far as he could and punched him hard, with all the force that had been contained all these years, and his fist collided with the Omega's abdomen and then with his face.
"Yes," the Omega whispered.
Bobby, by contrast, had proven to be a very helpful beta. He told Castiel to be patient with the boy, Dean was very scared but at some point, he would speak. And Castiel knew that it would happen, perhaps after a long time, but it would . Bobby also assured him that no one from his workplace would open his mouth about Dean. Castiel knew that an escaped Omega would not be off the radar for long, and he feared how long it would take before they found him.
They sat watching the planes decorate for the next hour, until Charlie went in search of coffee for the two of them and returned with that and fast food, which she devoured in seconds, but which Castiel could hardly prove. Her stomach was churning, she couldn't stop thinking about Dean.
"It's the outside hour," Jacob had said when Dean met him again in the crowd. "The best thing about this place, after the meal, of course."
He felt bad, he was cold, but he knew that it had nothing to do with his body, but with what he was feeling. With the nerves of losing Dean and never seeing him again, of not being able to do anything to help him, of being late, of not being able to avoid him returning with his damn Alpha…
He took a deep breath, looked away from Charlie, who nodded at him, and they both entered the building.
Estaba humeante, caliente y muy rico. Tenía verduras y a Dean no le gustaban mucho, pero después de varios días sin comida, podría haberlas comido crudas.
"I am not a guest, I am an Omega" Dean whispered, crestfallen, afraid.
The Omega stayed where he was, but there was no noise around it now; the screams, and voices of angry Alphas were gone. But he was still dizzy, dazed, and bleeding.
The Alpha began to unfasten the belt of his pants, but before he managed it, another man came into the room. Dean heard the door open, but was unsure if the Alpha by his side had stopped. He glanced up to see that the one who had just entered was an Omega, too. He wore a necklace, and a uniform. He seemed to work at the service station.
The Omega kept playing with his fingers under the blanket all the time, staring at the Alpha at his desk, and he knew that every now and then he looked up to analyze him.
Still trembling, he let go of the grip on his legs and extended his hands palm up so Castiel had a good view.
"Your Alpha is not coming today either, Héctor" Jacob snapped, looking happy to break the illusion.
"Should we go find a hotel to stay or ..." Charlie started but Castiel stopped her as she went out into the street to stop a taxi.
He resumed the preparation of dinner and every now and then he would glance at Dean, aware that Dean was watching him when he thought Castiel was distracted. But the alpha kept an eye on him, waiting for any reaction from the Omega. But he didn't get any, he just realized that Dean only really paid attention to him, since he only looked up to see him, and at no time did he watch the movie.
Perhaps all was not lost, but that was not exactly what he read in the Alpha's gaze.
A dizziness overtook him and before he could react, he blacked out and fell to the ground.
"That long?!" Dean squealed in disbelief, unable to control himself, louder than he should have.
"Did you run away from your alpha because he hurt you?" Castiel asked leaving Dean's hands gently on the bed.
Dean nodded, and after a few more seconds of hesitation he threw back  the covers and sat on the bed.
A part of him from before, from when he lived with his father, when he took care of his little brother, when he wasn’t a submissive Omega, ignited inside him and made him react.
Dean tried not to lean on the Alpha, and ignore his ribs that throbbed with pain at the movement, but it was almost impossible, and he found himself repressing a sob when he stood up.
He wasn't sure if he should go. He generally didn't eat at the table, next to an alpha. At  Alastair's,he ate after the alpha finished. And if he was allowed to eat.
To Dean's great astonishment, the newcomer Alpha, who had stormed into the scene, took the first Alpha’s arm and stopped him.
But after he reflected on it, he was also not very eager to have to go back to Alastair. Partly he felt that his days would not be very pleasant when he returned. They weren't before, but now his Alpha had even more reason to punish him. He had fled, and he knew Alastair would not let that go without consequences, and he was very afraid of punishment.
"Watch where you're walking," spat a dark-haired Omega who looked angry and intimidating.
It was a huge building, it took up an entire block. It was separated from the sidewalk by a long flight of stairs. Seen with the naked eye it looked like a hotel, but if you paid a little attention you should realize that it was not.
"Charlie, rescue an Omega who ran away from his Alpha and put him in my house in the last three days" he spat suddenly, hard and raw.
Castiel took off the plaid shirt the Omega was wearing and dropped it to the side, he had to wash all the boy's clothes.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak, but words failed him. He did not know what to say to him, how to change that way of thinking that had been instilled in him since who knows when.
Charlie watched him nervously. He highly doubted that his friend would manage to speak to the Omega, but contradicting him didn't seem like an option.
When they were done with the meal, Castiel helped Dean back to the bathroom, holding his body that weighed even less than it seemed, and he trembled more than Castiel could believe anyone could tremble. But the alpha knew it was out of fear of him, and that idea didn't help him. It seemed that nothing he said or did was getting through. Dean was still terrified, waiting for a hit, or worse.
He knew about Castiel's promise, but he didn't want to hold on to something that might not happen, the disappointment would be worse. He preferred to remain rational. He was a marked Omega, he had fled, and his Alpha will be very angry.
I hear Charlie speak but I wasn't sure what he said. And when he was considering moving around to think about getting out of this car she picked him up by the arm and helped him down.
"Dude, I'm on your side, always. But the boy has an Alpha, and the Alphas, unfortunately, have the right to treat their Omegas as they wish" she returned.
The Omega was trembling, and this time not out of fear, but because he was cold. Even covered with all the blankets, his body was still shaking, tremors running through it.
Dean was quick to say yes. He didn't want to anger the Alpha. He didn't want him to be mad, and would do anything to avoid it, even drink the black coffee he hated so much.
Dean didn't say anything, just stayed where he was and let the Alpha handle it. He looked really exhausted. Not even strong enough to oppose.
Castiel ended the bath a few seconds later and wrapped him in a warm towel. With slow steps he guided him to the bed where he laid him down and covered him with more blankets.
Dean nodded They were going back to bed but he didn't like that idea. He felt uncomfortable being in the bed of an alpha, that was not right at all.
Saying this, he gripped Dean's hand tightly and placed a number in ink. It didn't hurt, but it gave Dean the initial scare.
He finished preparing dinner and approached Dean with a tray.
Dean was pushed inside, but before he fell, one of the boys held him tightly, and helped him sit on the floor of the place.
Castiel siguió hablando pero fue confuso. Haciendo una mueca y oliendo molesto, se alejó del Omega con la bandeja en la mano hacia la cocina.
Now they took him by surprise.
He was finishing placing small bandages over the wound when he heard the omega's voice again. Hoarse and almost so low that Castiel wasn't sure he heard it well.
When Castiel spoke, he knew that his voice was cutting off and that more tears were coming to his eyes, but he also knew that it was something impossible to make him stop, so he took a breath and continued:
Unconsciously his gaze wandered to the couch in front of the big TV. It was not ideal for an Omega but it was better than being in an alpha’s bed.
"No, I have to take care of him, he has a fever" he repeated.
"Please don't hand me over, please don't" the Omega pleaded desperately, curling up to beg him.
But Dean refused to fall for it. He would not do it. He knew what happened next, he was sure that the soup had something to make him sleep, and use it, or worse, call the System. The Alpha would report a lost Omega, they would punish him and mark him as they mark the Omegas fleeing their Alphas. He would not find his brother and Alastair would make his life a hell, more than usually.
He was so weak that he could not run away, even if this Alpha left the door open he would still be too weak to run and walk away. He wouldn't even reach the next block. He analyzed the possibilities.
"Do it" Ketch encouraged.
He stood, looking around and evaluating the possibilities. He ended up getting inside the shed, which was abandoned, with old things inside, and went out through the bottom, to a dirt road that didn't even have houses or people. He walked along way, until he had to divert from that road in order to be inside the city again.
"I can buy you," he whispered and it looked like he was apologizing to Omega for that.
"How do you feel today?" hee asked, keeping some distance.
Dean revealed and continued after a few seconds "first I walked for hours, then I got into the luggage compartment of a bus and when I knew they were about to stop I jumped. I kept walking for days, I think" he wasn't really sure of the time, it seemed more like months "and then I got in the trunk of a truck, but I fell asleep and the alpha owner discovered me and threw me out. I stayed on the road and walked back to the service station where you found me ..." Dean concluded his story.
After the activity, all the Omegas lined up for the bathroom. They entered in tens and had eight minutes to undress and bathe, in front of the others, each in a shower.
He was hungry and was afraid to eat because he was put to sleep and hurt, but if he didn't run away he could end up the same way. At least with some food in his stomach he would be more likely to run away or protect himself.
"Don't react," he whispered, releasing his hand and Dean felt as if he was losing his life jacket.
"Who do you think you are to tell me what I can and can't do?!" The Alpha roared, already very angry.
But suddenly the floor was very close to his face. How had that happened?
He didn't want to mess with anyone, but it wasn't him who had pushed.
"Did you run away?" alpha asked but didn't seem accusative or angry. Even his scent was more curious. Attentive.
He was lost, there was no way out and no means of escape. It had all been in vain.
And there were some. An Omega sitting on the floor next to his Alpha, who was in the chair. Another Omega standing against a wall, head bowed.
"That's him, sir!" the other man pointed out, one slightly shorter, and equally arrogant.
"Your Alpha is a bad Alpha, but I'm pretty sure you're not a bad Omega," Castiel said, using his alpha voice. He was strong and determined, and somehow made Dean tremble, but he trembled in a good way.
Castiel smiled as if someone had just taken the weight of the world off his shoulders. He nodded silently and then sighed.
The alpha stopped when he saw that he was not getting a reaction from the Omega. Castiel was anxious to help him but he had no idea how to do it. He didn't know how to break the thread that the Omega had created around him.
"You go to what?" Charlie exclaimed
He hurriedly put the food to his mouth. It was a cake with something, nothing very extraordinary, not even tasty, but at least it was something to eat. And he was starving.
Dean was talking to Hector about one of the cooking classes he had had at the System School when he was still being admitted to the System, many years before, when a strong blow hit his ribs.
“I brought you here because you were in a very bad state, it was raining a lot, and you were hurt… ”
"I'm willing to do it" Castiel spoke firmly, but Charlie still insisted.
"If you feel good about doing it I think it would be a good idea" he didn't mean to force him, but he knew that moving would do him good.
Dean thought she was trying to help him, but he wasn't sure. Just in case, he was still in his place on his knees, hoping the beta could convince the Alpha.
"No, sorry, ma'am," Dean whispered embarrassed.
"How are you going to do that? I'm Alastair’s. ” Dean uncovered the mating mark on his shoulder for Castiel to see. A clear sign that he already had an Alpha, and one that wouldn't let go of him easy.
"I promised that I would help him find his brother and I will", Castiel sentenced.
Castiel returned a smile. He was very relieved that she was by his side.
"You can't claim me, I have an Alpha."
Thanks for reading and take good care of yourself!
Dean wondered if one day he would stop questioning him, it was not a common thing for alphas to do.
It was only then that he noticed that the Alpha was on the floor beside him, a few steps away, with his hands on his bent knees, and that he smelled nervous and distressed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Can I see?" Castiel asked.
He still remembered the man's factions, his features, the lines on his face. How he looked at him with those intense blue eyes. Everything in Castiel seemed to be intense, not just his gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I need to find someone" he revealed, in a low, confidential tone.
She was carrying only a backpack, dressed in colors, and had her red hair cascading down her shoulders.
"Three hours, sometimes more," Robert replied without moving,  he sounded like he was used to it every day.
When he was done he sat down in his seat and watched Dean, waiting for him to eat, but the Omega was hoping he would permit it.
Dean smiled delightedly. That was much more time than he normally got to enjoy outdoors.
"We have group therapy," Jacob reluctantly explained, stepping between Dean and Hector.
Alastair would only let him eat if he had made a good meal. Or let him sleep if he had been a good Omega. Things did not come free. Everything had a price.
He closed his eyes and gave himself up to the weakness that suddenly overwhelmed him.
No tenía respuestas, pero tenía miedo, y sabía que si no obedecía, podría ser peor. Entonces, usando toda su fuerza, movió su cuerpo y extendió un brazo hasta que sostuvo la cuchara nuevamente y comenzó a comer la sopa nuevamente.
"The usual. Bring him closer,” he ordered.
The woman stopped her tireless chatter and turned to Dean.
"How many days have you been here?" Dean wanted to know, curious.
"I am Jacob, I also ran away, but I did not try to return. Just run further" the red-haired Omega introduced himself, showing the three marks of Cain, with some pride.
"Where are you from?" Castiel asked and Dean almost choked on the soup. He couldn't say, it wasn't a good idea. Alpha would call Alastair, he would come looking. He would find him before the damn soup was gone.
"How long does this last?" Dean asked.
He woke up again, but was back in the cold, dark cell. He knew that he had not come here first, but to the cell shared with the other Omegas. He closed his eyes and tried to remember that moment, he had to stay awake and a good way to do it was to remember what had happened.
It would be a good memory to keep, and perhaps, while having a hard time back with Alastair, he could conjure up his life with Castiel and feel better.
"Who?" Dean questioned, scared.
He left the one he had and grabbed the blue tube with white letters and after opening it, he placed a little on his fingers, also the smallest amount, and applied it to his ribs, under the shirt, without actually lifting it. It was not refreshing or relaxing, but when he touched the injured skin he felt waves of pain scattering across his body and clenched his teeth so he wouldn't protest loudly. When he had enough, he used the excess cream left on his fingers and applied it to his left cheekbone, it was not much but it was certainly more than he could use.
"Who?" Castiel asked, trying to play along as he used that moment to turn on the water and begin to fill the tub.
"Hey Castiel!" she greeted with an animated tone of voice, as was usual for her, but Castiel did not take the trouble to listen to her or to answer her.
When Dean arrived at a service station located on the edge of a small town, the sun was rising on the horizon.
"You know how disgusting I find omegas," the man spat.
"Hi, my name is Castiel Novak" Castiel said and waited for the man to introduce himself, but as he did not intend to do so, he was forced to continue. "I want to speak to an Omega" he revealed, without preamble.
"Why are you here?" Dean wanted to know. It was becoming increasingly interesting to him to know about those Omegas, who, like him, had gone through things with their Alphas.
"Thank you very much." Charlie waved goodbye, and approached Castiel, handed him the sheet and the two left the System facilities. Castiel pushed by Charlie.
"I should call him" Castiel spoke but he felt absent and weak.
Hi everyone! I have returned with more! We continue from Cas's point of view for now, but soon we will have much more of Dean;) I wanted to tell you that for this chapter I had a special help with the language, as you know I do not use fluent English, but I think that in this chapter you will notice positive changes .
"What should I tell you?" Castiel questioned when they were halfway.
"I will do it, I promise." Castiel was trying to smile now, but even he knew they were running out of time. "When they come looking for you, it’s important that you turn yourself in without resistance." The Alpha explained emphatically.
He nodded slightly and in seconds the Alpha was at his side, carefully wrapping his arm around his back, taking care not to touch his ribs.
Castiel for his part tried to distract himself with a program on television, but it was a slow and boring plot that ended up convincing him to turn off the monitor and remove his headphones. He tried to focus his attention on the magazine he had to read on the trip, but the only article that caught his attention was one titled "How to make your Omegas tame" and the options ranged from horrible to negligible. Between allowing Omegas access to the nest twice a week; or when you punish him make him understand why you are punishing him; and even buy him something he likes to eat once a month, creating a routine ... and so for the worse.
"Why did you do it then?" Castiel kept asking questions. His tenacity was strong and Dean was too tired to look for excuses.
"Hace frío, no te ayudará a mejorar ..."
"Ah yes, I see, I entered not long ago. The Omega fled ... you are him ..." he started, but stopped abruptly and analyzed Castiel from top to bottom "You are not the Alpha of this Omega."
It was simple, and he got along well with his cellmates. Until Gordon reappeared.
I bring you more a chapter. We are slowly getting closer to the Great Moment! I am eager to see how this story is taking shape, before it was just a vague idea in my mind and now it has 7 chapters. Is incredible!
Then it disappeared for what I appreciate forever.
"Don't mess with him," Robert spoke this time, and he looked serious, more than usual.
"Maybe for the wrong reasons. Because they are infatuated with an Omega, or because they want to have several Omegas, or to make them work, but they do it." Castiel defended his point.
"That's fine. That’s perfect." Castiel smiled but the joy did not reach his eyes, it was like a smile of satisfaction with the plan. And Dean could understand it.
“Dean, you can't run away. Not anymore. If you leave now, you won't get far. And it will be worse.” Castiel explained, he sounded soft and composed, but he smelled so afflicted.
Castiel crossed the distance that separated him from the door, and after taking a second to breathe, and dedicating one last reassuring look to Dean, who remained standing in the middle of the room, he opened the door.
"No" he retorted with a sad look. "A friend of my Alpha tried to grab me and I defended myself. I pushed him away, but he said that I had provoked him. My Alpha believed him, and that's why he brought me here. But tomorrow he will come for me," Héctor concluded with some emotion and hope in his voice.
He closed his eyes in pain, totally disoriented with what had happened. These days away from Alastair had made him let his guard down and not be expecting blows from all sides.
I know it took me a while to come back, but so many things have happened, that it has been a bit difficult for me to catch up with history. But I'm still working on it :) I hope you like this chapter and the sense it is taking. There are still many things to develop, and I intend to do so.
Until Castiel made a gesture like he was about to get up and Dean stifled a protest, pressing more against the back of the bed and wrapping the blankets around him more.
"My alpha died" explained the boy.
"Okay, buddy, this is the moment you explain to me what's happened" Charlie sentenced, sitting next to him and dropping his heavy backpack on the ground.
He was lining up to go to the Omegas Behavior Section when Gordon got ahead of the crowd.
"I ran away but wanted to go back, but I got lost and I didn't know how to do it" Dean offered, somewhat doubtfully. He shouldn't lie to the Alphas or the System, but an Alpha, who was kneeling with him on the ground, was telling him that he had to lie.
"Needed…!" Castiel tried again, this time raising the tone of his voice.
Castiel walked away to give him space, but while he was entertaining himself doing other tasks he was aware that the Omega did not sleep at any time. He just followed him with him eyes, without uttering a word.
Castiel's heart was pounding like a drum when he approached Dean to give him the bad news.
The alpha did not forget to check if the omega had any mark of some other alpha, and in fact, he had. Two, to be exact. One on each shoulder, and one of them looked quite recent. Castiel knew of the practice that some alphas had to bite their omegas again when, after the years, the mark began to fade and became an old scar. It was a fairly common practice, unnecessary in Castiel's eyes, but made the ownership clear. The omega that was in his bathtub, semi-unconscious, had an alpha, which meant that he was running away. It meant that they were in trouble, both of them, if the System found out about it.
The alpha hesitated, the words stuck in his throat, but when he opened his mouth to continue, it was too late. Three loud knocks on the door made them jump in place.
Those days that he had spent at the Alpha Castiel's house had made him accustomed to eating several times a day, and very rich things, which some could say were worthy only of Alphas, not of Omegas. But Castiel gave them to him, without protest, without asking for anything in return. And that seemed so illogical. For a few days, he seemed to have been in an alternate reality. But that was over. And the worst thing was that he had not even obtained some minimum information about his brother.
"Where we going?" Dean asked Hector, concerned.
Almost unconsciously, he touched it and felt some  pain there.
“Shh, take it easy, we're just going to tag you. You are Omega number 5743.”
She continued her explanations and Dean sank down in the chair, it took forever to finish that.
He got out of bed and walked slowly behind Castiel to the kitchen, or at least to where the table was, since that apartment was all in one piece.
"You? Did you run away too?" Dean questioned the Omega in front of him.
Castiel, who was distracted, stopped.
Then they would go to their cells until the following day, when they would get pick up for breakfast. It wasn't a bad routine, Dean could really adapt to it.
When the Omegas assigned him the bottom bed, he moved from where he was and settled on the soft, thin mattress. He had no idea what time it was, but he was so exhausted that he could have fallen asleep even if it was three in the afternoon.
He heard a sweet voice."Calm down, just breathe," it said. It was peaceful, as if it wanted to help him.
"You don't know, you don't know!" Dean shouted as he stood up and staggered away.Until he got tangled up in the living room’s rug and fell onto the sofa. "You are not an Omega. You don't know anything about being an Omega and the System.” He whimpered, covering his face with his hands.
Dean leaned against the door, holding onto the black marble basin. His whole body was shaking but he wasn't cold, or scared, it was from the nerves. He was worried about never knowing how this alpha would react. He knew he was asking for more, he was doing things he shouldn't do.
Two of the men passed him by, pushing him in the process, to approach the Omega.
Dean clenched his jaw. He knew there was nothing more to do, so begging wouldn’t change anything. And he was not going to do it, he was not going to crawl to the satisfaction of this group of people, who enjoyed watching an Omega suffer.
"Do you want to eat something?" Castiel offered sitting at the other end. At this point he had already realized that maintaining a safe distance from the Omega was the best idea, not to scare him.
"What's your name?" he questioned, fearful of not getting an answer.
He return with a couple of creams and gels. Dean watched them discreetly.
His first alpha did not have many variants, its aroma almost always revealed the same, that the man was calm or excited, and according to this he knew how to act. Do your homework or present.
The Alpha heard the ticking of the clock echoing in the kitchen, and he knew that time was up.
“The Alpha found me at the service station and brought me to his house. I didn’t know where it was. I told him where my Alpha was from and who I was. And he promised to help me get home. ”
Castiel waited and when it became clear that Dean was not going to speak or move, he nodded and moved toward the kitchen, where he continued working on the soup.
And suddenly he remembered, he had fled his Alpha, had been wandering the roads trying to run away and make it possible to find his brother. None of this comfort made sense.
"Fine" Dean replied, without looking up.
"Do you think you can stay up? It's only a few seconds, I need to turn on the tap, you're feverish, you need ..."
"And you ran away," added Jacob.
"I tried to go back ... but I got lost" Dean repeated, not really knowing why he did it, but those words kept echoing in his mind. And the worst thing is that they were in  the voice of the Alpha Castiel.
"It’s a meeting where they explain to us how to be better Omegas" Héctor added, seeming very satisfied.
Castiel closed his eyes, hoping that the nausea will pass. She took a deep breath and turned to her friend.
But Castiel interrupted his train of thought, holding his hands in his.
At the same time, he couldn't stop thinking about his cellmates. Despite not being in a better situation he felt sorry for Héctor, it was clear that his Alpha had not planned to come collect him  early, just as Jacob had saidl, but he also felt sorry for Jacob, who had no Alpha or a home to return to.
"I know," Charlie agreed.
And then the one Dean liked the least. Kneeling on the floor, head down, hands on legs, waiting for the punishment they surely deserved.
He didn't stop to think about it, he couldn't afford to waste minutes.
"No" Castiel answered simply.
"Do you trust me?" Castiel questioned, softly and sweetly. Dean looked up.
With a wave of his hand, he pulled the security guards away from Castiel, and after a few seconds handed Charlie a printed paper with the Alastair's contact phone number.
"I saw an opportunity and I took it." The other cut off. Visibly upset.
After giving him the mark of Cain, they led him down a cold corridor, between the screams and the noises, to a small room, where there were three other Omegas, curiously observing the one who was coming.
Remember that I am not fluent in English, so I beg you to forgive my mistakes and understand if you see many of these, I use the google translator and we all know that it is not very good :/ Any comments, suggestions, wishes, what you want to do, do it! I love it, comments are love <3
Dean smiled, amused. The exchange between these two amused him and made him forget his situation. The brand on his arm worried him. He was a tagged Omega now, and he knew that society despised tagged Omegas even more than regular Omegas. They were more susceptible to mistreatment and sexual assault, no one considered them worthy of respect because they had been able to flee and abandon their Alpha.
"I know, talk to Dean, but that's the only way you're going to get them to run and not let you go back inside." Charlie took him aside, away from the security that was threatening them. "Now calm down and let me handle it."
There was no need to present for anyone, or be willing for the Alpha to take it when he felt like it. There were no exhaustive or repetitive sexual games. He really didn't miss Alastair's screams or his punches when he did something wrong.
Castiel almost smiled at the irony of that. He didn't go out or invite many friends until he brought a stranger home.
Castiel nodded silently. He had never had an omega, but he had already lived with them when he still lived with his father and his brothers, and worked at the family buffet. He knew that omegas said everything was fine, when in fact it was not; it was something they had learned they had to say because it was expected of them, to please their alpha, no matter what they were really feeling .
"The feet" Dean revealed almost inaudibly, but the Alpha heard him because he was attentive to all his movements and expressions. "They hurt."
Dean had remained on the ground, trembling, tasting the iron of the blood in his mouth, whispering apologies;but when he heard the man say that he would call the System to pick him up, he drew strength from his fear, crawled until he was kneeling before the unknown Alpha, begging for him not to do that.
"Do you want to watch TV?", Offering him the remote, but of course, Dean didn’t even move"There are some very interesting programs playing at this time" he tried again, and when he did not get a reaction, he pressed the ON button and looked for a channel with something that might interest Dean. He stopped at what looked like a romantic movie and left the remote  atop the covers.
The angry Alpha cinched the Omega's arm trying to help him, and pushed him away, pouncing on Dean again.
Some Omegas played football, others chatted, and others moved freely around the place.
"Do you want me to do it?" The alpha asked
There was an escaped omega on his sofa. And that was not what terrified him, he was very happy to be able to help Dean, but the fact that they would soon discover them, would discover the Omega and the alpha that had hidden him, and there was no way to explain that without sounding bad in front of the authorities.
"Sorry ..." said the Alpha, with what seemed like a sincere apology. Dean looked up, confused with his words, but as soon as he saw the blue eyes of the Alpha, he looked down at the floor. He knew he shouldn't look Alphas in the eye. He never learned, Alastair always told him, he was a stupid, slow Omega, that he didn’t retain the things he was taught, and he was always doing something wrong.
Ketch opened the door, which made an unbearable metallic noise as it opened slowly, and the officials led Dean inside.
"Perfect, love, come on!" the beta said. She pulled a bottle of water and a wrapped sandwich from the backseat and left it next to Dean."Be careful," she whispered.
Dean opened his eyes. He was still in that lonely cell where he had woken up a couple of hours ago, after feeling the blow in the nape of his neck.
"Now where exactly are we going?" I consult, somewhat hesitant.
He had made a promise and intended to keep it.
"This Omega doesn't work here, he doesn't wear a collar, he doesn't have an Alpha ... what can bother anyone if I claim him?" shout the first Alpha, hysterically.
Hello! I know we are not going through good times now, as a society and as parts of the world that is in serious and delicate problems, but I really hope that from wherever you are reading to me, this chapter will bring you a little distraction and entertainment. It's short, I know, but I'm working on more and I can assure you that things are going to get intense around here. But I am a little scattered to write, there are many things happening. But we will overcome it. Reading and writing are a fundamental part, which always help us.
In spite of everything, he must have fallen asleep. When he opened his eyes, a white light blinded him, and he could not see who had him when two strong hands held him by the arms and dragged him out of the van and to the ground, and then a little more, down a dirt road, scraping his hands and knees.
He kept quiet, breathing as little as possible. He counted to seventy-three until the van got moving. He felt it in his body and stomach, and his emotions seized him. He was going to make it, he was further every minute. He would be able to stay away from Alastair forever.
“You’re welcome. The err… the wings are engraved in Enochian,” he looked at the breakfast plate, avoiding eye contact as Cas read the engraving for a moment before pulling him into a hug.
A small part of him wanted Dean to start baking bread at home. Then, he won’t have to subject himself to her questioning stares.
Dean grinned at him. Cas was radiant, like a star in the night sky, brightening his life. He stared down at Cas' tilted head and thought that it was downright adorable. “I’m sure we can fix that with adequate practice. What do you say?”
“Can’t we get something, I don’t know, less?” Dean motioned at the carved pumpkin sitting above his stomach, “Less fall?” Cas raised an eyebrow but said nothing.
They rearranged themselves on the fur-skin rug, Dean leaning into Cas’ warmth and flexing his reindeer-decorated socked feet by the fireplace. Burying his face in the blanket draped over the two of them, he sank deeper under the trance simply being. Cas’ arms held him near. He was humming Christmas songs into Dean’s hair, stopping only to kiss his cheek or forehead.
“Hey guys, I’m heading out. Dean said that you needed wool, Cas. I can pick a few sets up for you if you’d like?”
had called him that? He thought. Cas shifted, “Is that, okay Dean?” There was a tingle in his heart and Dean realised that it had been
Christmas carols trickled through the bunker halls. Traces of his midnight baking left the library smelling of cinnamon and melted butter. Their main tree was standing proud in the map room, red lights blinking at Dean as he gave the place one last once over.
Cas stared down at the hoodie in his hands. It was navy blue and plain, save for a cartoon mouse he vaguely recognized standing across the chest. He smiled up at the woman standing next to him and said, “Thank you.” They were both covered with blood, sprays of red across their clothes and faces; he’d gotten there just in time to kill the vampire.
Sam was seeing past the anger for sure, he thought. This was more about Dean being afraid of losing someone else, of losing Cas… again than it was about them not telling him. They were the only family he had left and he wasn’t keen on risking their safety ever again.
It’d taken all of his self-control to not walk up to her, and tell her, yes, he did have people who took care of him. He had an older brother who had looked out for him all his life more than he did for himself, a best friend who would give it all to protect them and a kid who chose them as his family despite everything.
Cas’ arms closed around him. Nuzzling back into his warmth, he said, “Of course. You’re stuck with me. I want it all. A candied house, slow dancing, and how about… every Christmas till we’re old?”
“Cas?!” The door blocking off the bedroom
he thought, turning off the lights.
Jack curled into him and tugged them down till they were all huddled on the ground. His eyes were moist and he was shaking. The sight scared him. It felt far worse than a punch to the gut. “Jack,” he shot Sam an uncertain look before lifting the kid’s chin to meet his eyes and said, “You need to breathe.”
Dean shrugged, “I don’t know anything about wool. Ask him.” He made for the pantry and fell silent, falling into the trance of planning his next meal.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Their pancakes were the best he’d had in well… ever, and yeah, maybe it was the proud look they both wore upon completion that made him biassed. Or the shine he saw in Jack’s eyes when he offered the first bite, searching his soul for approval, anxious yet hopeful. Not that it mattered, he’d have eaten them even if they tasted like charred charcoal, anything to see the kid smiling.
“Dean. You… you’d be open to sharing a bed with me again? I thought -” Cas closed his eyes and pulled his arms from their place around Dean’s waist.
angel. And in case you forgot… you being here with me, makes me happy. It doesn’t matter if we’re getting frost-bite or stuck in a desert or fighting off the apocalypse. I want my angel by my side, always, cursed or not remember?”
She placed the pie in front of him, “I’ll have to take your word for it.” There was a sharp edge to her gaze, searching him for answers to questions she didn’t voice. It was unsettling. “I’ll see you next week. And I hope that you enjoy the pie,” she said, waving him off.
Dean’s hand hesitated on the brass knob, stepping back, he clutched his gun closer. Mentally, he braced himself for anything and everything as he opened the door.
The oven’s timer pulled Dean from his trance. Raising his head from Cas’ chest, he peeked over at their trays of gingerbread cookies waiting to be baked on the kitchen island. Bowls of coloured icing sugar and candies were lining the counter, alongside the two pecan pies he baked earlier.
“Dean. Don’t give me that look, he can take care of himself. We know that better than anyone,” Sam said without breaking eye contact.
“I did. Would have waited till you got back but… Cas, I lost you three years ago today. You had every right to be here… I just couldn’t bring myself to call you home, it’d have been too much. Like, we’d be celebrating on your death anniversary and I can’t bear the memories. I’m sorry, Cas, I’m sorry. I can’t lose you again.”
“Dean I - ‘m sorry, you should let me be,” Cas drew his body back, away from him. Dean didn’t move. He sat forward on the heels of his feet and tilted Cas’ face to his, “Don’t you dare apologise. I’m here for you Cas.” He closed his eyes, but didn’t push him away so Dean took the opportunity to continue, “Let me take care of you.”
“Happy holidays sweetheart,” Cas replied, cuddling closer.
“Last minute escape,” he said, “I burned the wife’s bones, but it wasn’t her. Then, her husband came after me at the cemetery.” Cas frowned, ran his tongue over his lips and continued, “He got me by surprise, and pushed me into the burning grave. I got out,
“Huh,” Dean shot the sparkling colours one last look as they melted into the ground, “It's beautiful.”
Tears brushed against his cheeks when Cas kissed him again, “This means more to me than you’d ever know-”
Cas shifted again and the angled pressure on his ribs caused him to wince. He blinked, eyes glossed over. The unanswered question settled between them.
Leaning back, Cas shot him a relieved glance as they sat there, staring at each other in the semi-lit room. Eyes searching for comfort and strength. Cas looked behind him, noticed the sparks and ducked his head, dulling them in the process. “Oh,” his voice was raspy, no doubt out of use.
“You’re lucky you’re cute,” he said, pulling Cas in for a kiss.
Jack chuckled, eyes twinkling as he hugged them both once more. “I’m always sure,” he said.
going to a fair, I want us to look the part.”
The added warmth of Cas cuddling him woke Dean from his sleep. He rolled atop of his angel to stare at him through the darkness. His hands found Cas’ face through the tangle of their limbs as he moved forward to kiss where he figured Cas’ lips were. Warm laughter filled the room, sending a jolt of happiness through Dean’s heart.
Dean scratched his head, “Err not exactly. My uhm partner checked in about three days ago. I haven’t heard from him since and it’s not like him not to call home… I came to check up on him, see if he’s alright.” He shot her the best smile he could muster.
“Why? There’s no use waiting around when Cas is out there… without his grace -”
“That can be arranged,” he said, kissing Dean’s temple.
“Thank you.” Cas signed back. “And I don’t know Sam. Dean is yet to accept residency in our candied home.”
Thanks again for reading :)
“Wanted to get a started on the décor,” Cas said.
He couldn’t deal with the reminder of all that he’d lost. How close he came to losing everything, to losing Cas forever.
“Everything is fine ma’am. I’m not in a hurry to get married, but one day, maybe.” He said.
“The kid has gotta try new foods Sammy, doesn’t mean I’m gonna eat it.” His brother rolled his eyes. The fondness on his face was evident as he grabbed a second mixing bowl for Jack to work the chocolate chips into.
he thought,
Checking his back pocket twice, he took off in search of one ex-angel. Dean found him in the kitchen wearing his holiday sweater and one of their shared sweat pants. Cas was humming to himself as he chopped strawberries, hair ruffled from sleep, barefoot and smiling. Walking over to hug him from behind, Dean paused to snuggle into his warmth before leaning over for a kiss.
Looking up, he caught glimpse of Cas’ expression in the mirror. His blue eyes were filled with intent, shining like sapphires under the dull glow of the changing room’s single bulb.
“He freaked out for a while but he will be fine, Sam is with him at the bunker. You scared us, man.”
“Cas, I’m right here,” the press of Cas’ naked body against him left behind a surge of protectiveness. He wanted nothing more than to reassure him, to keep him safe from the world, impossible a task it may be. “Let’s get you dressed,” he said, hands reaching to untangle the mess of wet hair.
“The kid’s here?” he asked. Stepping back, he looked over at the plate of smiley face pancakes. There were bowls of toppings set up in a tray and cookies on a plate.
“I’d like one of your apple pies, ma’am.” He said, avoiding eye contact.
They sat in silence. Dean was too scared to say anything. Heck, he wanted to apologise. He wanted to show Cas that he was capable of taking care of him despite not knowing where to start.
Sparks. A kaleidoscope of reds, blues and yellow was the first thing he saw. They were everywhere. He had to blink a few times to adjust to its glow. The floor was ablaze, but instead of orange flames and scorching heat, it flashed
“I’m sorry the weather got out of hand and ruined our trip. This isn’t what I had planned when I proposed we take time off,” Cas whispered before looking down.
Sam gave him a pointed look, “Someone’s in a good mood. Since when do you agree with us cooking with, what was it you said,
Sam walked out of the kitchen and bumped into Dean, who was on his way to start lunch. The grocery list he’d spent the last twenty minutes complying escaped him into the hall. Dean raised his eyebrows in question as he returned the list, “Easy there, Sammy. You’re heading out on a supply run?”
Dean turned to face him once more, “You’re too darn stubborn for your own good, you know that?” He pulled Cas onto him until he was half-sitting on his lap. Unsure of how Cas would respond, he waited, but when no protests came he looped one hand around Cas’ waist to rest on the bottom of his spine. There was a confused expression spreading across Cas’ face. His gaze was full of questions as he asked, “Dean, what are you doing?”
He nodded, “Do you need anything?”
“Oh. This is going to be an interesting day.”
Dean shook his head, focusing his attention on the moment and Cas, not the memories of their past.
“This isn’t about what I’ve done for you, Dean. It’s not the same. I’m not even sure what’s wrong with me... I think something’s broken.”
All sixteen of their calls went unanswered.
“Okay. Huh. That’s, good to hear. I’m sure Jack will be relieved,” Sam sighed, “He’s managed to fall asleep so I won’t bother waking him now. Are you two heading back tomorrow?”
“Good afternoon, Mrs Iris.”
“Congrats guys! Does this mean Eileen and I get to keep the bunker?”
he thought.
Staring at them in confusion, he tugged at Cas’ hand and asked, “What are you two on about? Who?”
Legs moving on their own accord, he crashed into Cas and buried himself in his arms, repeating: “Yes, yes, yes. Of course, I’ll marry you. I love you, Cas,” like a pray. They were both crying when Cas placed the ring on his finger, near shaking with bliss and excitement.
“Dean,” Cas cupped his cheeks, caressing his jaw as if Dean was something precious.
“Thanks.” He felt his lips turn up in a small smile, blushing under the fond look Cas gave him.
Hey :) Hope that you're enjoying the story so far. All and any mistakes are my own.
“Some of us know how to keep our minds on the task at hand,” he said, sending them what Jack deemed his ‘
“I always am.”
Dean ran a hand through his hair, “The kid needs his rest. I’m sure Cas can explain to him what happened with his grace more than we can, and yeah, we’ll head back around lunch. Cas needs sleep.”
it’s my residual grace,” he said.
Cas turned to kiss him deeper. Cradling Dean’s jaw with his berry juice and whip cream covered hands, “Merry Christmas Dean.”
Cas’ body was limp, allowing Dean to manhandle him into the tub with some ease. It hurt Dean to see him like that, it was as if he was watching Jack panic all over again.
“Merry Christmas Sunshine,” he said, running his hands down the curves of Cas’ sides, settling them around his stomach.
He nodded, “It’s my job. Take care of yourself, Mrs Green. Thank you for the hoodie.” Trying for a smile, she nodded before leaving the room. As Cas made his way to the van, part of him wanted to turn around, go back in, and comfort her, but he knew that it wasn’t his place.
Dean shook his head in question, “Apart from Sam and Eileen coming by, what else is happening today?”
“Morning. It’s fine, you hit me by accident,” he said, trying not to worry him further.
“Sam no. You have to stay here and look after the kid. It’s bad enough Cas’ isn’t here. I’ll go after Cas.”
Cas gave him a shy smile, “Once it’s green, I’ll be content. I am going to try knitting a scarf for Dean.”
, he thought. The hunt went great, and he was with Cas, the man he loved, at a Harvest Fair eating apple pie. Simply being, enjoying each other’s company, and not having to worry about their every move.
“Let’s go before I change my mind,” Dean grumbled.
“Kas Stratman,” he had to ask Sam to pull up the new alias used in this case, it felt odd rolling off his tongue.
It sat proudly next to Jack’s purple roof cottage and Sammy’s blue apartment. They looked nothing alike, but each was a home. Their homes.
“Let’s just say… they aren’t the only two who are coming by. Soon, there’ll be another member of our family.”
He sneezed, calling them both back to reality. Groaning, Dean pressed closer to Cas, “I’m cold.”
Cas didn’t respond, he was shaking again and Dean wanted to kick himself. He hadn’t meant to shout at him.
He allowed his hands to reach up and brush Jack’s hair out of his face, “He doesn’t have a fever and he’s still awake so that’s good. Right?.” Sam reached for his water bottle and offered it to Jack as he blinked up at them, “Hey bud, are you okay?”
“Wow. I didn’t know you guys were moving out!” Sam motioned at Cas’-
The warmth of direct sunlight tingled his skin. Dean closed his eyes and took a moment to listen to the buzz of nature around them. He could almost taste the earthy bite of the water as it splashed across his face. It’s coolness lulled him deeper and deeper under its trance as he soaked in the sound of content laughter behind him.
“It’s cute,” Eileen signed to them.
They stared at each other for a tense second before he snorted. Staying pretend-mad was hard. “Whatever, Samantha. We’re done with the cookies if you crazy kids want to join in on decorating the gingerbread houses.”
Sam faked a gasp, clutching his chest. “What? Geez Dean, way to leave a guy hanging,” he said, moving over to start on his own house.
“I’m making Jack breakfast. Do you want a plate?”
“Tell me what?!” Dean stared, mouth hanging slack. He tried his best not to think of the worst-case scenarios in his head. Did Cas leave the bunker without telling him?
He slipped on the thumb holes, toying with the creased ends of the stitching. “Less I’m-overly-excited-for-the-holidays and more I’m-trying-to-keep-warm, nothing else?” He asked, hoping that Cas would agree. It was one thing to attend the Town’s Harvest Fair, but seasonal sweaters were
Cas handed over the mugs before settling by Dean’s side, sticking a mitten clad hand into the grates to move the new coal around.
Cas leaned back and Dean took it as an invitation to roll them over until Cas was laying on top of him, face tucked into his shoulder. “Thanks, Dean, I’m glad that you’re here.”
“You can’t know that, Cas. I’m not sure I can survive losing you again, not after everything. I love you, and sometimes, heck, most days I don’t feel worthy of having you in my life…”
on the toilet lid. He was no longer shivering but he had a dull look, his eyes refused to meet Dean’s. There was a lavender-scented bubble bath on the shelf and Dean grinned at that. How fitting for the Lavender Hills Motel, he thought, as he examined its contents.
Jack and Sammy called as they were getting ready to head out. The kid’s voice was hesitant, “Cas? Dad? You’re, you’re okay?”
“This is the best Christmas ever, but next year… I’m getting a husband and a niece or nephew? Wow. I just…” The joy in his heart was too much to formulate into words.
“Is that a yes Dean?” he asked, tilting his head.
“Jack,” Cas’ face fell, “Is he okay?” He could make out the tension and guilt on Cas' face. Jack was still a mess when he left, but Sammy had called that morning to say that he was calmer. Once he knew his dad was alright the kid would feel better.
Cas disappeared down the hall for a minute, returning with a bundle of wool and an extra pair of fuzzy socks.
and no snow-storm was gonna dull their night.
“He went off on a hunt last night. It’s right outside of town, said he’d take a bus and be back in a day or two....” No one spoke for what felt like hours until Jack pitched in, voice small in a way Dean wasn’t sure how to process. “Said he needed to keep himself occupied, supposed to be a simple, ‘salt and burn’ as you put it.”
His angel was digging through his sock draw when he got to the room, paying no heed to the mess he was making.
. Within seconds, he saw his failure when frantic eyes opened and Cas' grip tightened around his waist.
Holding his breath, he stood still as Cas opened the box and took out the key-chain. There were four keys and two black charms; a pair of angel wings and a miniature model of Baby.
“You were occupied trying to help us. It wasn’t the same without you, but you’re here now,” Dean said.
his usual style.
to anyone, much less, Cas that he’d want a chance at
Cas beamed down at him. “I second that,” he said, moving down to cushion his head on Dean’s chest, their legs tangling themselves below the sheets.
The woman had a soft look in her eyes when he emerged to say goodbye after burning the vampire’s body. “It was my son’s. He left home ten years ago, haven’t heard from him since…” she said. “Blue suits you. It brings out your eyes.” There were tears in her eyes as she walked over to tug the strings of the hood together.
“Don’t worry. I’m sure he’ll come around. Right, I can give you his room number and a keycard. What’s his name?”
The alarm clock chimed from its place on the nightstand, indicating 3 am. Dean groaned, “We should at least try to sleep if we’re driving back home early.”
“H- he uhm,” the kid was no doubt nervous. How worked up is he? Dean thought just as he spotted Sammy coming from the library.
Their bread was one of the best he’d had in years and became a must-have of their weekly shopping trips when they were in town and not out on a hunt. The local baker, Mrs Iris, was a well-aged woman who occasionally helped out at the store. Today was one such day.
“You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I can’t wait to grow old with you, Cas, it’ll be the two of us forever, okay?”
“I love you too sweetheart.”
“And what if I want you here with me for all of eternity?”
“So you burned out your grace huh? That’s why Jack couldn’t sense you?”
“Thank you,” Dean gave a parting nod and made for the stairs, almost missing her parting comment. “The restaurant will be open till 11 pm if you two aren't too occupied,” she quipped in. He felt a small blush crawl up his face as it registered half-way up the staircase.
Dean drew him a bath while Cas sat
“Fine,” he said. “It’s not the worse, but I don’t see why I need to wear it. We’re going to be caught up with the hunt. When are we going to find time to mingle with the locals? I doubt the witches will appreciate the fashion statement.”
“He popped by during my walk with Miracle. When he said he was free for the day, I asked him to stay for lunch,” Cas said. His smile was all parts happy and sad. It was hard being away from Jack for long periods of time, but they were pulling through together.
out on the bedroom floor. Bloody and shivering. His lips were blue and chapped, hair mused to his side frozen in place, clothes torn and covered in mud. Dean dropped to his side and tried shaking him
Hey! So. Life's been messy as of the last few weeks. I'm sincerely sorry for not updating sooner. Seeing that I am unable to commit to multi-chapter work, I think I'll be ending this off here in Chapter 5. I've tried my best to tie-up the main loose ends while leaving the boys future open to interpretation.
“What? What happened? The hunt? Are you sure he -”
It read:
Small intakes of breath fell cold on his collarbone. The sun was yet to rise and no amount of body heat can shield off the underlying chills. Cas shifted, digging the bend of his knee upwards and into Dean’s stomach. He tried to mute his groan.
There was a bloom of pink across his face, the only colour on his otherwise pale skin. Dean tried his best not to stare as he stripped Cas down to his black briefs. He wasn’t bleeding, that was good. Still, his torso was a patchwork of bruises and caking mud. Cas looked... fragile huddling over the bed. Dean chose not to linger on it; the sight crushed him in more ways he knew possible.
“He’s stronger than you give him credit for,” Jack gave him a look full of hope and reassurance, “I’m sure dad will be back in no time.”
Jack was sorting through boxes of ornaments and wreaths in the library when Dean walked by on his way to the kitchen.
Placing the final batch of cookies to bake, he turned to see Cas giving him a soft look. He glowed in the orange light, but not with grace.
All three houses were left to dry on the table that night. Dean lingered for a moment, looking at theirs. Their curtains were crooked and he could see the jellybeans sliding off the walls.
“Do we have to make the gingerbread houses today?” he asked with a pout, batting his eyelashes at Cas for maximum effect.
“We’re both messes, and you’ve been making up for it,” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“Thank you,” he replied, forcing a polite smile.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean looked across to Cas, who was sitting atop a pile of pillows. He was nursing a cup of hot chocolate they’d managed to mix in the absence of proper lighting. “I found him passed out in his motel room. He’s,” he paused, “He’ll be okay.”
A giggle escaped Cas, “Want to help me choose a scent?” He was half-pouting, giving Dean a soft smile he knew he could never resist. Looping his arms around Cas, he said, “Sure love.”
“Afternoon Mr Winchester, what would it be today?”
“Won’t have it any other way sweetheart.”
“It’s - I’m glad to hear that you’re well dad,” Jack said. The conversation was far from over, he knew, but it was enough for now. Jack won't relax till he gets to see and feel Cas in person.
“Uhm. Sure, what kind of wool?”
Another shower of hail scattered overhead, but Dean ignored it. He was in the arms of his angel,
Dean took a deep breath trying to calm the floodgates of his mind before speaking. “Were you planning on telling me? Or was I to go about worrying myself sick before barging into his room only to find him gone myself?”
Taking a deep breath, he gripped Cas’ hand, “Well. let’s go have our breakfast. I think they’re some pancakes with our names on them Jack. And will you be joining us, my soon-to-be husband?” He bumped their shoulders together, smiling so wide his cheeks hurt.
“These are my lips,” he muttered as he pressed kisses up Dean’s jaw before settling on his lips. Dean reached up instinctively to tangle a hand in Cas’ hair and snuck the other between his three layers.
Dean moved to his side, sitting on the edge of the tub and pulled Cas close, burying his face in his chest. “Cas,” he drew out each syllable, not quite sure what he could say to comfort him. His hands locked behind Dean’s back and he held on tighter, muffling his cry. Dean ran a finger down the nape of his neck, “Cas. Sweetheart, hey,” he drew Cas’ face back enough to place a soft kiss on his forehead, “I know it hurts, but it’ll be okay. First, you need to clean up and get some rest…”
’ while Jack sat close, pointing out the pictured instructions.
The sheer happiness he felt bubbling inside him was intoxicating, yet, he embraced the high. He was content and safe in Cas’ arms. Their love was stronger than faith, and Dean wanted to wrap himself up in it.
*Two Days Later*
“Well,” he reached for the small silver box in his jacket pocket. “I made the rules, so I’m allowed to break them,” he said.
Her hair was pulled back into a neat bun, and she was leaning against the counter, awaiting his approach. He’d decided earlier to pick an apple pie up for Dean, but seeing her then made him reconsider. Sighing, he walked up to the counter.
Grumbling to himself, he reached for his shotgun and waited. Silence. As far as he could tell, there was no trouble stirring within the bunker walls. There was no reason for him to storm outside with weapons barred. No screaming, clattering or urgent knocks on his door came. There was a pause in the world and then the distinctive hiss of the kettle registered. The tension eased from his shoulders as he allowed the gun to drop back onto the empty side of the bed. Five more minutes, he thought, whatever fell in the kitchen would live.
It was a ten-hour drive back to the bunker. When he crawled into bed the next morning, quietly, as to not wake Dean, he kept the hoodie on.
“Thank you, Dean. I was worried. I know you’re not the biggest fan of the cold. You make me extremely happy too, and I’m yours forever. Hopefully, the world won’t end anytime soon… but I’ll be right here by your side even if it does,” he said.
He worked his mouth up the line of Cas’ jaw, stopping to suck at the curve below his ear, “Good. That’s good.” Their foreheads were bumping together and they were both close to tears. “'Cause I don’t plan on letting go of you ever again.” Cas moaned into his neck. He sounded like a positive wreck and Dean’s smile only grew as he pulled him up back into a promise of a kiss.
Cas walked closer and wrapped his strong arms around Dean’s waist before settling his chin over Dean’s shoulder. “Is it really that bad Dean?” He asked voice just above a whisper, warm breath causing goosebumps to rise across Dean’s neck.
, he told himself. The realisation was like catching supernovas in his bare hands. A million thoughts were running through his mind, but only one word mattered.
Dean groaned at the thought of them getting wax all over the kitchen counter, but he was smiling ear to ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
Waking up to the press of Cas’ body over his own, Dean cuddled closer to the angel in his arms. He was pressing his nose between tufts of tangled hair. To their side, his right arm lay asleep, bearing the weight of Cas draped across him. Moving was not an option. Dean didn’t want to wake him. The drive home wasn’t long, but he needed as much sleep as he could get.
He linked their fingers together as they walked around, admiring the golden woods surrounding the ground. Cas pulled him closer, “Can I buy one candle? Please? They’re on sale, and the woman at the booth says that you can get them made with a custom scent. And, she even has a gift box with supplies to make your own candles at home… Dean?”
Dean found his voice. His words were running short. The wave of emotions breaking free threatened to drown out the last of his control. “You’re welcome to stay with me, sharing a bed and all, for as long as you’d like. Would you? Like to stay?”
“Should we try relighting it now?” he asked, reaching for a box of matches and old newspapers.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam knew that he’d have to step in eventually and explain to him that he had enough, but he couldn’t find the words to start the conversation. His brother had insisted they treat themselves, now that they weren’t near dying every month and so gave in to Jack’s puppy eyes every time.
Their bedroom door opened, and Jack stared at them in surprise.
“We’re relieved to hear from you Cas. See you two in a few,” Sammy sighed. “See ya, Sammy. Make sure the kid stays hydrated,” Dean swears he saw the eye-roll as his brother hung up.
Before he could find the words to say as such, Cas was kissing him. His mouth was warm and welcoming, and Dean found himself melting into it, like a waterfall breaking free of winter’s ice-clad hold. Every emotion poured out of him, his heart swelling with the sheer levels of bliss that flowed through his blood. Tilting his head sideways, he reached for a handful of Cas’ hair, drawing him deeper into the kiss. They gasped out together, nearly forgetting to breathe. Dean caught a glimpse of the deep blush running down Cas’ chest and a realisation hit him, Cas was still naked.
The receptionist wore a thin smile that grew as he approached the front desk. Her hair was in a messy bun and two pencils were sticking out the sides. Said pencils wobbled when she spoke, “A pleasant good night sir. Welcome to Lavender Hills, can I get you a room for the night?”
“Is it working?” Dean asked, throwing his head back into Cas’ arms for extra flare.
“Wool?”
luckily there
“Oh.” He blinked at them for a second, then said, “Congratulations!”
Eileen joined Jack with his purple roof, carrying over a bowl of rock candy for his walls. Dean turned to face Cas.
Dean froze. He felt bad for celebrating Jack’s birthday without Cas. Why won’t he? Cas was Jack’s dad too, he deserved to be there as much as he and Sam did. He would have waited for Cas to get home, but he knew that if he did, he won’t have been able to celebrate. Jack was his son and Dean loved him, yet knowing that he was born on the day he’d lost Cas three years ago never sat well with him.
. Cas radiated warmth and content. His hair was covered in glitter, and there was icing sugar on both of them.
Dean’s heart fell over. Was he such a bastard that his best friend thought, he what? That he’d pretend as if this hadn’t happened? That, they’ll get soft and cuddling today, then back to normal tomorrow?
“What are you talking about?” He asked, but then Cas was down on one knee, holding a ring, and his mind blanked out. They were only one thing which mattered at the moment.
“Always,” he said, turning to face Cas, “I missed you today, I’m glad that you’re home.”
“I want one with bees!” Cas grinned, no doubt responsible for this new demand. The kid had developed an attachment to pyjamas. He had almost twenty pairs by now but kept finding new designs and patterns online or in thrift stores when they were travelling. They had yet to say no to him.
Dean yawned half-way through freeing Cas of his pants; they’d both had long days. Cas helped them both below the covers before moving to his side, spooning him. His arms were intertwined around Dean’s torso, holding him near to his heart.
There was a groan coming from the floor and Dean ran over, paying no heed to the sparking floor.
Sammy got up. He gave them a reassuring smile despite knowing what Jack’s words could mean, “Let’s get back to the bunker. Jack needs to rest. We’ll figure this out, I’ll call Cas’ cell.” He was being strong for Jack and Dean realised that he needed to do the same. He nodded and reached for his keys before helping Jack into the van.
Dean awoke to a thump,
“It’s not -,” he stated, “I’m not your responsibility.” Dean won’t have heard him had they not been sitting in each other’s space. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to hear it. All the more, it broke him.
Dean ran a hand through Cas’ wet hair, this can’t be good, he thought. The angel showed no signs of waking up. All the lights in the room
There was a stripe of suds under his left ear, and his hair was sticking up in every direction. Grabbing hold of a purple towel, Dean made his way back to his angel’s side, dispelling all thoughts of danger. Cas gave a shy smile as Dean helped him out of the tub and into the towel’s embrace.
There was a comfortable silence between them as Dean sat Cas down on the bed to dry his hair and dress his more prominent wounds. He stopped every few minutes to place a quick kiss on Cas’ lips or forehead. The blush was ever so present, and when Cas refused to get dressed apart from the boxer briefs, Dean wondered to himself if he’d survive the night.
“Would you like to join us on our morning run? Sam showed me this trail down by the woods, it’s beautiful, I’d like to share my new favourite spot with you.” The kid was beaming, it wasn’t in him to say no even as his concern for Cas grew by the minute, “Uhmm sure - uh, have you seen Cas? I haven’t seen him around.” Jack’s eyes fell, purposely avoiding Dean’s gaze. “Jack, is he okay?”
Cas smiled against him, “Hmmm. You do have a point, but it’s the first time
“I thought you’d forgotten about the car. Sorry,” Jack had an apologetic smile on his face. He walked over to hug them both, before staring down at Dean’s ring.
so. It’s all blurry… my last thought was trying to get back to the motel. Looks like I burned myself out and missed the bed.” He winced.
. He even managed to brainwash Jack and Eileen into joining him, but Dean didn’t care. There was a magic to being embraced in the arms of his love, enjoying the streams of lyrics as they brushed by and losing himself to the moment’s peace. The comfort and freedom he found in their waltz left him breathless.
Sam sighed, “We’re trying to make pancakes from scratch, the instant mix stuff ran out last week. It’s… a process.” Jack grinned at that, “The batter appears to be of the right consistency but we can’t seem to decide on an appropriate addition. Should we go for the traditional chocolate chips or be bold as Sam says and go healthy with the frozen blueberries?” Knitting his eyebrows close he stared down at the plain batter, deep in thought as he tilted his head to the side. The familiarity of that expression, one he’d seen time and time again on Cas melted his heart. It’s too damn early to be sappy, he thought, shaking his head to himself.
Before this, he never gave a clear
had Cas not heard him the first two times?
His stomach fluttered. Every moment felt like falling in love all over again. Through soft touches and comforting words, being with Cas made him soar. Yes, flying was scary, but he’d go anywhere with his angel, knowing in his heart that Cas would protect him. They saved each other and always will.
She gave him her usual smile as she packaged the pie. “I hope you don’t mind me asking this son, but is everything okay at home? You’re always buying the same set of baked goods… a fine man like yourself should be looking to settle down.”
“The water will run cold bud,” he placed a tentative hand on his shoulder. Cas stared up at him, mind lost in a daze, “Come on.” Dean snaked his hand around Cas’ waist and helped him up until he was hugging his side.
“His grace is being snuffed out like a wildfire. I don’t know why Cas didn’t tell me that he was going out but I expected better of you two. If he gets hurt out there without backup....” His bottom lip trembled, the thought alone of who or what could get to the angel left him uneasy.
“Dean,” Cas tucked him closer. “You deserve all the love. If anyone should be feeling insecure, it’s me, you’ve literally saved the world time and time again.”
“‘Night Cas.”
“Okay! Thanks. I’ll make the roof purple!” he exclaimed, reaching for a piping bag.
He stared at the ring then, admiring the way it fit his hand as if it belonged there,
Cas pulled him closer, “I thought you said no presents before we have a meal as a family? What happened to those rules?”
The local radio announcer’s voice echoed down the aisle, in response to the last song.
“That’s nice. He’ll get to spend Christmas with his family… I have something for you,” he said, looking down.
“They’re the colour of your soul. No Earthly metal could do it true justice, but they come pretty close,” he said into Dean’s neck.
“Something I should have done a long time ago.” Dean ran a shaky thumb over Cas’ jaw, studying the curve of his chin and the way his eyelashes fluttered as he drew circles over his pulse. He felt the spike of Cas’ heart rate against his palm and watched with intent as his pupils blew wide under the dim light. The sight of Cas unravelling under his touch was driving Dean crazy. He wanted more, but not this time, he thought.
Jack fell asleep in the back seat with his head on Sam’s shoulder. It was difficult getting him to bed without waking him, but they managed. Dean closed the kid’s door behind him and looked across to Cas’ room. Something raw tugged inside him. His gut was urging him to go after him. There was no point in waiting.
“Won’t have it any other way,” Cas said, moving Dean around to sit on his lap.
“I love you too. And I mean it. The bunker is your home too, so even if we fight or you decide that you don’t want this anymore with me, you’ll always have a place to go… and way to leave too…”
A passing draft cut close. Shivering, he tugged the hoodie near and drove off, thinking of its previous owner momentarily, and then, of home. He sang along to the radio, and watched the stars, thinking of the family he’d found along the way of finding himself.
“Hey, Jack. I, I’m sorry. I got carried away. My grace reserves slipped and I fell unconscious. My body was trying to keep me alive by cutting our link off...”
Before anything else, he had to call home. It was way past midnight, yet he knew that Sammy would be awake. He picked up after two rings.
Dean glanced back once before kicking it in.
“May I have this dance?” he asked.
“Hey, Sammy, where - uh, have you seen Cas?” He plopped down on the couch, limbs dangling over the sides, “He didn’t tell you? Figures.”
He blushed at the memory of Cas surprising him with the matching sweaters he’d knitted them. His sea-blue one was lost in the pile of their blankets in bed, for slow mornings and those chilly nights without Cas.
A soft kiss to his forehead stopped his train of thought. He’d gone silent, and Cas was waiting patiently for him to open up. Sighing, he hugged the love of his life tight, shutting his eyes to hold back the tears.
Cas’ fingers found their way below his T-shirt. He shot Dean a smirk before spreading them up the expanse of his chest, stopping only to pinch at his nipples as he answered, “For the record, Dean, I’m a young angel.” Dean shivered, lost for words as he let Cas undress him.
A high pitched whine escaped him when Cas let go. His throat was raw. Reaching for their forgotten hot chocolate, he sat picking out the marshmallows until the fire caught life before them.
“I’m sorry Dean.” His face was raw with emotions. This wasn’t his fault, “Don’t be. Cas, you can’t prepare for everything. Let’s get you cleaned and patched up okay? We can call home later.”
Dean wondered.
“Yeah,” he sighed, “I can’t believe I’ve been out for two days. I’m sorry, I should have been more careful -”
“Oh please, so have you,” Dean chuckled, “And you’re an angel in every sense while I’m a mess of a human. I’m sorry for ever making you doubt your worth.”
“It’s beautiful…” he said, tracing the line of the wings.
He didn’t think it possible but the temperature dropped and a faint puff of white formed between them. Dean’s mind was overflowing with thoughts. Before anything, he needed to warm them up. Scrambling to his feet he lifted Cas into the discarded bed and turned to grab his duffel bag from the floor.
“I missed you too Dean. Try to get some more sleep, I’ll be here when you wake up.”
, she’d phrased it.
“Dean,” Cas said his name between a moan and Dean found it hard to listen to reason. There was a distinct want flickering through his eyes. Dean shook his head slowly, “You’re injured. You need to get in bed and get some rest.”
“Yeah, let’s hurry before I freeze my skin off,” he said, taking another sip of the steaming drink in his hands.
Cas hummed, “I don’t think there are any rules. I set the houses up, so you’re free to make them look as you please.”
“I put extra marshmallows for you. They’re the star-shaped ones that Jack bought last week,” Cas said.
She nodded and showed him to the bathroom so that he can wash up before changing his shirt. His coat was torn in several places and stained dark. The hoodie was too big; it fell low below his waist and gathered at the arms.
Nodding, Dean ignored the heat rising to his neck and allowed Cas to whisk him away.
"Can I see some form of I.D. sir? You have to sign in," she said, without looking up. Dean pulled out his wallet and handed her his driver's permit, before signing the motel's registry.
It was a broad silver band with a line of embedded emeralds.
A hand settled on his shoulder and then was Cas half-bowing in front for him, offering his hand in a dance.
“Dean is right Jack. I’ll, I’ve been better, but my injuries will heal. I miss you,” Cas paused. Looking up at him, he said, “I’m sorry you all got worked up over me.”
Instead, he’d bit his tongue and carried on with shopping, knowing that she wasn’t worth his anger. She didn’t know any better in the same way people used to question why Jack lived with them.
Their drive home was peaceful. The newfound content they found with each other, even in the silence, was comforting. It felt like a breath of fresh air.
Cas nodded against Dean’s chest, “O-okay.” His tears didn’t stop, but he let go long enough for Dean to grab a tube of shampoo to work into his grimy hair. There was a visible hum of content as he allowed his fingers to draw circles into the angel’s scalp. It was far more intimate than anything Dean had experienced in a long time. He felt a flutter deep in his heart as he tried for a smile, “Is this okay?” A hum of approval followed and then a shy frown as he said, “My clothes
“He wants to take up knitting,” Dean said. He smiled, and there was a distinctively fond look in his eye. “We found a box of silver knitting needles in storage last week, and he wants to make use of them.”
Dean’s head was spinning. They hadn’t heard from Cas in two days. He had been giving him the benefit of the doubt up until then, not wanting to interrupt his hunt. Cas knew to call for backup, he’d have called right? So what if his grace isn’t there? His attempt at keeping his calm was failing but he tried his best to hold on.
Jack’s face was flushed, sweat rolling down the sides of his brows. His fists locked the moment Sam let go of him. Frantic eyes darting between the ground and Dean. “What happened to him?”
He pulled out his make-shift first aid kit, got out his switchblade and busied himself. He began by cutting the blood soiled trenchcoat open.
“I would love that, sweetheart,” Cas said, puncturing his words with a soft kiss.
What he didn’t expect was the sheer comfort he experienced while wearing the oversized hoodie. The soft fabric hugged him. He felt snug and warm, like when he wore Dean’s T-shirts, and they cuddled near to watch old westerns.
“So Dean, would you move into our candied gingerbread house with me?” he asked, motioning to the pink driveway.
The cabin was well insulated, but the growing cold was sneaking past the walls and crawling up their jackets. Even bundled under three layers, Dean’s toes were numb, and goosebumps were trailing up his thighs.
“Cas you aren’t broken. Far from it.” Cas shook his head, face pulled tight in disagreement.
"Do you want to go to the couch?" Castiel questioned following the path of his gaze.
When they finally reached the bathroom door Dean was breathing hard, it seemed that he had run a marathon, not that he had walked ten steps slowly. The idea of running away seemed absurd now, he could barely walk well with help.
How long would it take from the meal until the System will arrive? One hour, two? His mind was going to a thousand thoughts, trying to find a way out. But there was only one option.
Dean raised his head stunned. He had no idea that he had distanced himself so much and that way. He didn't know where he was going or where he intended to go. I was far from Alastair, but maybe it wasn't enough. Maybe it never would be.
His whole body actually hurt. But it had been worth it, for the first time in a long time the aching body was worth it because he had put  the annoying Omega in his place, he had defended himself, as his father had taught him once, many years ago.
Dean moved around the place until he was close enough to feel the plate in the dark.
"Sure" Castiel said softly and loosened his grip to help him into the bathroom. Then he closed the door before leaving and gave him a smile that seemed reassuring but also nervous.
"I'm going to tell you everything" Castiel agreed.
Was he older, or maybe around Dean's age? Dean wanted to evaluate it, but from where he was, with his arm still in the grip of the other, he could hardly do more than look at the floor.
"I just want to find my brother," the words came out quietly,  but the alpha heard them.
"You are still weak, you must eat something ... I am preparing a vegetable soup to feed you, you will feel much better later," the Alpha commented smelling nervous and worried.
Dean wasn't sure what to answer, he didn't know what the Alpha wanted. Letting him in alone or entering with him was the decision of alpha, not his, but he had asked him what Dean wanted.
"And you?" Dean asked the Omega who was silent, lying on one of the beds.
He knew that in some places it was forbidden for Omegas to circulate without clothing, but it caused revulsion that it was not even necessary to demand.
"He says that every day," explained Jacob.
"Three days," Hector replied.
Dean rolled over on the bed, staring at the yellow wall.
Castiel tried to get up. I had to find it.
"I'd rather die than have one," growled Jacob.
"I didn't get lost. I ran away, ”Dean interrupted, confused.
The hour in the sun offered no sun at all. It was a gray and rainy day. Clouds piled up in the sky, as if fighting to be the first to turn to rain.  And their clothes flapped in the cold wind before the storm.
"He also had a fever, I bathed him" whispered Dean, lost in his own world at the moment.
"Dude, I'm not surprised you did. You did the right thing." Charlie encouraged him, placing a hand on his shoulder, and squeezing gently to cheer him up.
"What are you doing in my van?" shouted the man. He was very angry; Dean could smell it. Although this was not
A bunch of instructions appeared on a screen before them , while a blonde woman stood in front of the group and started the longest and most boring monologue that Dean had ever heard.
Castiel waited for what seemed like an eternity and when it became clear that Dean would not speak again he sat up and picked up the plates, the tray and the cutlery.
Dean obeyed without questioning, wrapping the blanket that still retained its heat around his body, and bent his legs until he had them against his body, so he could rest his head on them.
There, everything was already prepared. One could see a jug with what looked like juice, and some other things that Dean couldn't clearly see from where he was. But that explained why the Alpha had been in so much motion.
Castiel hesitated, but then, with a heavy sigh, he stood up. Dean heard his footsteps moving away.
"It's for you," Castiel added without sitting down this time.
"No." Castiel replied, smelling sad. "Rescue."
"Castiel," he whispered to no one in particular, but he wanted to feel what that Alpha's name sounded like on his lips, even if it was for the last time.
He had no time to say goodbye. Or to say thank you. It had been a few days, but they’d been the best, and he would remember them fondly. He could say that for a few days, he had known what it was to be calm.
"You have a new partner" shouted the Beta who was carrying him.
"We will, but before we must find a hotel, you look worse at every moment"
"I don't care, that's just what I want."
Dean continued to look around, lost in his thoughts, trying to understand why this alpha treated him so well, in an almost unreal way. He hardly knew him, he didn't know if he was a good Omega, if he deserved to be treated so well. Certainly not, he had fled, the fleeing omegas deserved nothing. He knew that was his destiny if they found him.
Slowly we are having an approach between Cas and Dean, there is still a long way for Dean to feel safe in that house, although Cas tries.
Castiel explained things to him as if the Omega was listening to him, which apparently was not happening.
For a moment Dean thought he saw a face, and it took him a while to realize who he was remembering. Castiel.
Dean was sweating, fine beads of sweat dripping from his face, and he was terrified. But he wasn't going to let them see that. Carefully, he held Cain's gaze, trying to control his body not to betray his fear.
But with this alpha he was totally lost. He didn't see a cage anywhere, or some place where an Omega could sleep.
Dean se descubrió lentamente, consciente de que el Alfa lo estaba controlando, extendió su mano hacia la cuchara y la arrastró por el plato hasta que se cargó con sopa. Luego se llevó la cuchara a la boca y sorbió de miedo. Pero era muy rico, aunque ya un poco frío, todavía podía sentir el sabor.
Charlie didn't take long to cut off the call, and Castiel paced the house at lightning speed gathering more things. Random clothing, shoes, your documents, credit cards, passport, and anything else you found that you found useful. Then I check to make sure everything is closed and left the apartment.
He breathed heavily, trying to remember how he had gotten to this place. Until the now familiar face of Castiel came to mind. His worried and intense gaze. Not only that, but also the brutal and strong officials of the System who pushed him into the cage inside the vehicle and then dragged him with force towards the Official Quarters of the Omegas System.
"Perfect," Castiel couldn't help a happy smile that appeared on his face. It was nothing more than monosyllables, but at least it was something.
It was an Omega with red hair, and very white skin, almost as if he had not seen the sunlight in a long time.
"I know," Castiel replied, looking calm. "I'm not going to claim you, that's not why I brought you to my house."
He barely closed his eyes and a pair of eyes came to his mind. Intense blue eyes. Castiel's, when the elevator doors closed, and he stood there, panting, face pinched in worry.
Before he could do anything, the second Alpha, crouched urgently by his side. Dean reacted immediately and instinctively backed away toward the closest wall.
"Can you do it?" the Alpha asked. "Cover yourself with  blankets?"
Who could assure you that when they found Dean's brother, Dean would not want to go with his brother? Maybe he was an Omega who had a good family and could go with them. Or maybe he was a Beta and could take care of Dean ...
“D-dean?” his voice was somehow scratchier, a low rumble Dean felt in his gut more than he heard.
He rolled over, settling his head on Cas’ lap, careful of his now bandaged ribs, “I could sleep.” Cas gave him a fond smile, “Humm, getting old are we?” Dean grinned, “You shouldn’t be one to talk, you’re a celestial fossil.”
He sighed and reached up to rub his eyes with the heel of his palms. They were right, Cas could do this on his own, but he didn’t have to. The guy was still injury prone in a world where all things supernatural knew our name. One wrong move and - no, he thought, he needed to hold it together. There was no use being negative, “I sure as hell hope he does.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and gave them a defeated look. “Y’all should have said something is all I’m saying. I was fretting to myself over why he didn’t show up for breakfast,” he said.
He’s always loved the guy, he was family, his best friend, but was he in love with him?
“Shhh,” Cas whispered. “It’s okay Dean. I’m disappointed to have missed out, but I understand. I’m sorry. I won’t have brought it up if I’d known you’d be so affected by it. I’m not going anywhere, you hear me? You’re stuck with me.”
They both flinched a bit. Dean was angry yes, disappointed even that Sam didn’t at least mention it but he wasn’t trying to be the bad guy. He couldn’t understand why they kept it from him. Cas was no stranger to popping in and out of their lives. Heck, he had gotten used to it, as much as it hurts but there was no reason for that now.
The room had a thermostat and a built-in heater. By the looks of it, Cas hadn’t bothered to turn them on. It didn’t do much for overall warmth but he was no longer shivering so there was that.
“Dean. You got me a new car?” Cas’ asked.
Cas nodded and reached for a second towel. Dean doubted he’d get far with drying his hair, not with the state of his ribs, but left him to it. He figured he could lend a hand once he got back.
Then Dean caught the smell, it smelled like an Alpha. It was strong, like all Alphas, but not as strong as his own Alpha’s scent always seemed. He could distinguish the aroma of herbs and wild flowers. It wasn't sweet at all, but it somehow gave him peace of mind.
Dean looked at the Alpha, then at the soup and repeated the process two more times, without lifting his face much from his crestfallen position.
The Omega rushed to cover his body with his arms.
He crawled across the floor until his back painfully collided with the wardrobe and he covered his face with his hands, feeling his tears soak the fabric of the shirt.
That was his name? Castiel?
He looked towards it, he could barely notice the blankets that covered Dean and his small body underneath them. He was so curled in on himself that he could have very well gone unnoticed.
"Gordon" Jacob explained, a tone of disgust in his voice. "The worst Omega you are going to come across."
But something inside him exploded.
Dean woke slowly, feeling the scent of something tasty and a gentle breeze that caressed his face. He stretched his body, feeling comfortable and warm.Even with his eyes closed, he felt with his hands what he had within reach and a soft cloth brushed his hands. He smiled in pleasure, but then another thought went through his mind. That was wrong. He shouldn't feel so comfortable and warm.
Dean was following the crowd of Omegas through the corridors, which he supposed were leading to therapy, when a Beta held him by the arm and pulled him out of the group.
They stopped in front of a large metal door, and Dean's heart was about to jump out of his mouth. The Alpha stopped too, and looked up from the papers he had been holding and analyzing with an air of interest.
“Dean, calm down, you are safe here”
Dean looked at the cream and gel that were a few inches away.
Castiel was giving up, he really didn't expect to get any response from Omega when he spoke.
A dull noise surprised him, but then he realized that it was his own body hitting the ground.
It all revolved around how an Omega should behave, what to do and what not to do, the poses to perform when in front of an Alpha.
It didn't take long to eat almost everything, and he felt a little more energy running through his body.
If he closed his eyes he saw the look of Dean crying out for help.
Castiel leaned back on the sofa, which suddenly felt very comfortable. He wasn't sure what was happening to him, but suddenly he felt very weak and tired.
"He’s an Omega of a System official, that's why it happens here. No one seems to control it."
Dean continuó abrazando su cuerpo, sintiendo su aliento caliente. Cuando el Alfa volvió a acercarse, dio un pequeño salto en su lugar y contuvo el aliento.
