Yeah this stuff falls firmly in the world of Risk Aware Consensual Kink, but let’s pretend they had a consent conversation that went beyond “yes until it’s a no.”
“Yes sir,” said Sherlock who immediately dropped to his knees, he was looking at John in absolute awe. His pupils were dilated, and he was panting and his cock was straining against his fly.
"Okay tell me about this Dr. Hunter? What kind of program does the doctor run?" Asked Sherlock.
Scott sighed, stood up, grabbed the back of aithne’s chair, and pulled really hard, “finish the fucking story!”
John rolled his eyes, "Sherlock, stop, you don't need that many biscuits."
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically and kept his mouth shut.
“John raise your arms,” said Sherlock as he started to approach John with a measuring tape.
As John and Sherlock exited the medical building and entered the brisk air of London, Sherlock turned to John and said, "let's get a dog," and started to take long strides in one direction.
Joey nodded, “I am the oldest of 5 sibling and my parents both have 8 siblings and don’t forget all the aunts and uncles and god parents. I’m Filipino, our family events can get huge real fast, also if I was marrying a woman we would staring at a list of at least 300, so be grateful for that. Also you already dealt with that issue before with Scott and Josephine’s wedding, I for one don’t have nearly as a great relationship with the extended family as my sister does.”
John was temporarily distracted by the motions of Sherlock’s adam’s Apple as he drank. His cock was still rather hard, and given that he already came for the night he obviously was going to be able to play just a bit longer. He leaned forward and licked some of the water dripping down Sherlock’s long neck, he wasn’t quite sure are this point what was water and what was sweat, but. He noticed what Sherlock was doing, and he helped remove the rest of Sherlock’s clothes. He stepped out of his trousers and pants, and when Sherlock made an attempt to remove his shirt, he quickly grabbed Sherlock’s hand, “don’t touch your captain without permission.
John nodded and reached out for Sherlock’s hands, he firmly held onto Sherlock’s hands. “Okay, let’s just start with a ‘Molly, I’m sorry, you were only trying to be nice, but tonight, I just wanted a little more privacy.’ Now just repeat that again with me.”
Siger gently put his hand on Violet's shoulder and she leaned back into the chair.
Rosie looked at the whole interaction with confusion.
rode John without hesitation. John swore that Sherlock’s ass was going to leave him with a bruise but he didn’t care.
Ella handed them paperwork and waved them out the door.
Chapter 4
“It was a precaution, nice to see you are having a verbal day. Also how are you doing, sister dear?” Replied Mycroft.
When Sherlock only had the tip in his mouth he swirled his tongue over the tip of John’s cock, he almost wished the condom wasn’t there, maybe with time they could be fluid bound. John volunteered on HIV prevention so either he doesn't have any STD/STI’s and is regularly tested and well versed in safer sex or he is HIV positive and probably in treatment and is undetectable which means his chances of spreading HIV is incredibly low, to the point that some agencies have made the argument that an undetectable person with HIV cannot pass on the virus. Sherlock didn’t really mind the latter, he was already on PrEP, it hasn’t happened in years, but he figured it was a decent precaution if he was ever foolish enough to share needles again, also this wasn’t the first time he sucked cock in an alley way... and maybe he had gone to a few...okay more than a few circuit parties and did what one does at a circuit party but not anymore. Fuck, sucking a cock in an alley seemed to be part of his yearly Pride festivities. Sherlock’s mind was getting away from him. His brain was getting too much info at once, whoever was running sound check was starting to loose part of their hearing there is a high pitch sound emitting from the speakers and a lot of the younger passersby have been complaining of the sound. The cigarette butts on the ground hinted that there was at least 5 different people who regularly use this spot as a smoking break spot. He smelled the smell of dangerously over filled portable toilets. He...
Mrs. Hudson looked at Sherlock with concern, "Sherlock, are you okay?"
“Which Her Majesty’s intelligence is entirely capable of doing themselves,” Sherlock replied. “This isn’t a case. It’s an errand. And I am
Sherlock looked at him quizzically for a moment, then he clarified. “Oh, I meant – you were in combat. Your limp might have been psycho-somatic, but your post-traumatic stress certainly isn’t. Do you have problems with thunder?”
Carrow – a sweaty, balding, not very charismatic man – could be taking on lots of large city projects because he loved his job. He could also be taking them on for ambition’s sake, though John thought that was less likely. In John’s mind, an ambitious man would have been wearing more clothes to impress, would have decorated his desk with trinkets that signified his importance. Carrow’s office had furniture that was a little more expensive than the rest of the place, but no plaques or showy awards displayed. Carrow had seemed eager to impress, though – he pretended to know their (nonexistent) publication, in order to avoid looking unprepared. Not exactly the attitude of a master criminal or manipulator.
expression came over Sherlock’s face – the normally stony features he wore broke into something else. Sherlock ruffled his jacket, gave a kind of awkward smile, and stepped forward to the young receptionist.
well, Mr. Carrow. Your – ah – the Scarborough renovations have been reported on widely recently, but we at the
“Larsen,” Sherlock responded. “…Miles Larsen.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Call it whatever you like,” Mycroft replied dismissively. “Carrow has the potential to be excellent for the city if he's not otherwise motivated. But it's unusual for such a low-level city official to be making himself into a public figure, and I need to know why he's doing it.”
Mycroft gave John a funny look. “My God, he’s done it to you.”
Moira smiled apologetically at him. “I’m sorry Tom. I can put in a request for you–“
Some government offices, John knew, were lavish. Some were built to architecturally impress, to be gaudy and command a kind of reverence. Tall ceilings, massive pillars, floors that echoed with every footstep. These offices were meant to magnify the scale of the decisions made there, knowing the words said in those rooms would reverberate thousands and thousands of miles outward, affecting millions beyond their walls.
John nodded slowly. “It seems to me like..” He trailed off.
“What’s the next experiment on your list?” John tried to break the tension.
“An interview,” John jumped in. “We’re, ah, journalists. Doing a story on the Scarborough remodel.”
The steady drizzle of rain beat ceaselessly against the windows of 221B Baker Street. John sighed as he stared out of it, into the darkening London evening. Below, on the street level, strangers braved the rain with their umbrellas held over their heads. Since John had met Sherlock, it was harder to look at strangers and see blank canvasses like before. John watched a young woman with a purple umbrella cross the street and hail a taxi – he wondered if she had a long way to go home, or just didn't want to walk in the rain.
Only a few weeks had passed since Sherlock and John had solved the Case of the Murdering Cab-Driver, or as John liked to refer to it on his blog, the “Study in Pink.” Since then, Lestrade hadn’t come to them with any new cases, and Sherlock had made do with performing various experiments for fees while John looked for work. In the interim, the two of them had started to get used to each other as flatmates and decide the division of household labors. Sherlock was always getting requests for help through the mail, so bringing in all the mail became his responsibility. John would divide up the bills for each of them because he found the numbers calming, and Sherlock found them impossibly boring. John cleaned the bathroom because he had to shave more often, and Sherlock cleaned the kitchen because he used the most dishes – namely, roughly 34 cups of tea and coffee a day.
Mycroft didn’t respond, though one of his eyes twitched.
He cleared his throat. Neither of the men in front of him broke their gaze. John tried weakly, “So, Mycroft, what brings you to the neighborhood?”
John leaned back in his chair. “You know, it seems like Mycroft wants to be on good terms with you. Why do you keep pushing him away?”
“I’m telling you, Moira, they simply must go!” He quavered, tapping his fist on the table as if to intimidate. “These roots, they’ve been pushing up the sidewalk outside our flat for years, and today was the final straw! Do you know the kind of trouble I could’ve been in if that fall broke something?”
“Well, I’ve never read it, but I’m sure Alex has; he likes that sort of thing.” A brief blush of pink came over Amelia’s face. “He’s open now, you can go right in!” She gestured down the hall. “Last door on the left.”
Sherlock hesitated.
“An Alexander Carrow,” Mycroft said. “He’s the director of the city planning department, and has taken on a number of unusual projects the last while, like the–“
“Rather a brat than royalty’s lapdog,” Sherlock sneered. “Tell me, Mycroft, how is her Highness?”
Alexander Carrow looked up at them, surprised, as they walked in. He was deep into a manila file folder, holding several pages between his stubby fingers. Carrow looked exactly like John’s perfect image of a public servant – unassuming, average, even a little bit pitiful. Carrow blinked rapidly at their entrance, then shut the file he was looking at. John caught the lettering on the tab that read “Greenwick Park” in red print.
The young receptionist flushed. She must be in her early 30s, with curly dark hair not unlike Sherlock’s. “I’m Amelia! Um, how – how can I help you?”
“–Or he's getting favors,” Sherlock finished. “Interesting. Didn’t take you for being interested in politics, John.”
“I – yes,” Carrow replied, furrowing his brow. If he was becoming suspicious of the two of them, he didn’t say anything about it. “And it has been that way for far too long. The area is becoming more residential, families moving in and such, and those children should have a park. We’re going to be cleaning the place up and installing playground equipment.”
“Not at all,” John replied, rising from his chair. “I’ll get it.”
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully and pressed his fingers together, pondering.
I hoped you liked this short intro chapter, and let me know if you want to see more.
Sherlock put his hands in his pockets, and a look of uncertainty fell over his face. “I take it that was indelicate.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth turned up. “No… you’re right, he wasn’t.”
“What?” John said defensively. “I read the paper. Besides, everyone’s starting to know Carrow’s name. People seem to like him more than the Mayor, for the most part.”
Both Mycroft and Sherlock turned to John simultaneously, and looked at him in apparent shock. Luckily, Sherlock’s expression looked a little bit more like admiration.
John turned to Sherlock, who was standing in the middle of their living room, wearing a simple blue button-up dress shirt and black trousers. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, as only moments earlier he’d been wrist deep in their accumulating “dirty dish” pile in the sink. “Pardon?”
John fought the urge to snap back at Sherlock, instead taking a too-ambitious sip of his tea and nearly scalding his tongue. “I’m – yeah. Thunder’s fine. It’s fine.”
over there helps me with auxiliary details. Y’know, remembers what the scene itself was like so we can really put a reader there. You don’t mind, do you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Still, the new-flatmate unease hung over them both, and John frequently found himself walking on eggshells.
“Ah, hello – how are you today?” Sherlock smiled down at her, and John felt a wave of something overcome him. It felt like heat in his cheeks. “What’s your name?”
“Like what?”
“–Like the remodel of Scarborough Street,” John finished.
At that moment, the two of them heard a loud knock at the door. Sherlock turned to John. “You expecting someone?”
“What – what is your partner doing?”
Sherlock perked up from his scanning the room. “Yes, of course, we wouldn’t want to undercut a dramatic reveal. We reporters, we love a show, don’t we, John?” He gestured to John, circling his two index fingers around each other in the universal sign for ‘
Sherlock closed his eyes. “I saw….”
Sherlock and John give Alexander Carrow's office a visit.
The clock above their mantle ticked away quietly, and John could hear every second passing with maddening clarity.
The two of them fell into silence as they piled into a taxi. Sherlock gave the driver the intersection, and John stared out the window, thinking about Carrow.
Amelia typed something on her computer. “And, what was your appointment for?”
“Buoyancy of – sorry, he’s asking if water pollution will stop a body from rising in the water?” John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Sounds like you ought to phone Lestrade about him.”
Carrow had an interesting reaction to that. John watched his face drain of most of its color – a noticeable change, given the sweaty redness in his cheeks only moments earlier. He shuffled in his chair. “Well – ah – yes! You, um, you gentlemen heard correctly. We’re – um – the city is in possession of a small plot of land on Greenwick Street, that has until recently been something of an eyesore.”
Sherlock’s eyes gleamed briefly. “A fellow in Cork has written me to ask whether water pollution levels affect buoyancy of discarded remains. I’m going to ask Molly to borrow some corpses tomorrow morning.”
The contents of the envelope weren’t particularly intriguing. John pored over them that evening as Sherlock sulked on the couch. A photocopy of his government ID, which put his birthday in early February and his height at 178cm. Various articles from the newspaper from when he was appointed to the position, and for a few recent projects. An obituary for his late mother, from which John gleaned that he had a brother, a wife, and a child under the age of 5. All in all, nothing very interesting. There was nothing here, from these facts, to suggest that Carrow had any secrets worthy of investigation.
Sherlock opened his eyes again. “There were files on the bookshelf for the child – a little girl named Macie – and the wife, Graciela, and Carrow himself. Nothing on the brother; I still don’t know his name.”
And improvise he did. John watched as a very
my brother’s errand boy.” He gestured to the door, staring at Mycroft.
“What did you see in there?”
“Of course not. Good work you fellows at the
Of course. Come right in.” Carrow wiped a bead of sweat off his brow and tightened his navy-blue tie. “Remind me what your piece is about? Please, sit.”
Sherlock snorted. “You want me to do a background check?”
Amelia glanced nervously over to Moira, who was deep in conversation with the older man. “Ah – I’m sorry about that, it really gets rather hectic here at times. Um, he doesn’t appear to have anything on his schedule at the moment, so I suppose we lost your appointment. What’s your name, Mister…?”
“Well, yes. The local papers seem particularly fond of him,” Mycroft said, his nose turning up in irritation. “He’s starting to make a real name for himself, and if his newest projects are successful, he may even be popular enough to run for Mayor in a few years. My employers have a certain amount of suspicion of his motives, and we'd like confirmation that the chap isn't up to anything that would be of interest.”
Mycroft sighed. “Well, thank you for your help, John, but I think we’re done here.” He reached into his briefcase and pulled out a manilla envelope. “Take this, anyway… in case you change your mind.” He handed the envelope to John and left. Sherlock closed the door behind him.
Mycroft answered without turning his head, still staring directly at Sherlock. “Well, last time I checked, my darling brother was rather fond of a mystery. I wondered if I could put his skills to use… but I see he’s still playing the brat.”
“Oh, dear,” Sherlock tutted. “Is she angry with you? Is that why you’re here? Need to get back in your patrons’ good graces?”
A case comes to 221B Baker Street.
“Well… I dunno. Before I went into the military, I was a doctor in a hospital for a while. It’s not supposed to be this way, but hospitals can barely scrape by financially these days. Getting big donations from wealthy businessmen is a big deal, and they end up getting favors from the hospital because the hospital wants more donations like that.” John shook his head. “The kind of projects Carrow is taking on, like Scarborough –“
“Sleeping is boring, John.”
John’s only response was to kiss Sherlock’s head and to let the man cry, as long as he needed to, upon his shoulder. With each sob, each sniffle, each time he felt a tear fall onto his skin, John cursed Moriarty a thousand times over. Sherlock was a good man and he deserved more than what he got. They only had a month and some weeks to complete this new Vitruvian Man, and seeing the state it had reduced Sherlock to, John would be by his side every step of the way.
“Have you gathered such from my lack of speech?”
“Egypt?”
Mrs. Hudson still looked cross but her attention was caught. John added, “We are not asking you to house a criminal. We merely ask that you give this man lodging. He will pull his weight, and he will be not far from us should he ever feel the need to see us, or us him.”
Sherlock was silent, John knew he was still awake.
“...I...I will miss you...terribly…”
Sebastian felt Moriarty standing right behind him as he said, “Our friends Mr. Holmes and Watson have joined us, have they not?”
The story is finally picking up!
“Follow me.”
Thomas held out his hand with a genial smile on his face.
We both want to wish you a happy New Year and see you after Season four premieres!
“I’ve not forgotten my dislike either.”
“How bothersome the rain is! I can scarcely finish this chapter. Come Sherlock, let us retire for the evening.”
“If you refuse me, I am sure that you won’t object to a bullet in the head. Or perhaps I take your John away. Oh how it would ruin you to be away from him, wouldn’t it Sherlock?”
“I promise you, John, no harm will come to you. We will sleep, only for a short time.”
Sebastian chuckled and opened the door. By the time John got his belongings gathered, Sebastian was already inside of the carriage. John swung the door open and sat himself across from him. He rose his eyebrows and he brushed his fingers over Sebastian’s hand. “Are you ready?”
In his hands was one of the metal trays from the top floor, covered with rags, bandages, and antiseptic. Sherlock was mildly surprised to see John with the supplies.
The group broke into snickers once more and Thomas saw the flicker of hurt in Sherlock’s eyes.
“The poor thing was absolutely drained when he came up here.” Sherlock commented. Sebastian followed Mrs. Hudson up and she sang the boy’s praises before leaving the three of them alone. His makeshift was already on the floor and he sank down, barely muttering a goodnight to the two.
Sherlock and John left the manor two hours after they had breakfast. John called for a coach, and the servants, mainly Jeanette, packed the men’s belongings. When they were alerted to the coachman’s arrival, John said his goodbyes to Mrs. Hudson as well as his thanks for her hospitality. It was Sherlock who lingered in the back, watching as she smiled at him and gave him a hug. When it came his turn to leave, he only stared at her, waiting for a response. She did not smile, she merely hugged him and stepped aside so that he could leave. Every instinct in his body told him to keep walking and to not look back but of course he would be a fool and turn around. There she stood, eyes watery and wearing a quivering smile. He walked back over to her and wanted to say something, anything. He wanted to hear her reassuring words, he wanted her to bawl over his impending absence yet again, but instead she placed a hand on his cheek and he shuddered. Oh how cold it felt to him. He sought the warmth that she always offered with her gentle touch. He felt his eyes tearing just the same.
“Hm?”
Sebastian’s smile faltered as he looked toward the door.
“Was that not the purpose of our doing this?”
“His behavior is odd, is it not?”
He did not kill another human being, this was true. What of John though? He was not truly alive, nor human. Composed of body parts from the deceased, what did that make him? He was not a monster, not an abomination. He did not have to kill to get John, but people had to die in order for him to have John. His brother, and the poor unfortunate souls who now rested below the earth with missing limbs and organs. What a cruel, selfish man he was.
Sherlock’s mistake was making eye contact with John. He could not stand to see the pure and utter pain that was all over his love’s face. For a very brief moment he grew angry with Sebastian for teasing his John in such a terrible way. He did not want John to know that he was here until the absolute last second. Sebastian, along with Sherlock, were the only two people that could ever break down the strong, soldier-like resolve that only John could possess. It was not as if Sebastian was not hurt by this departure, perhaps he spotted John earlier and wanted to let him go about his day, but Sebastian was still very much like a child emotionally. He was not like John who became the wise, kind, and handsome man that Sherlock knew now, and the sight of John had simply become too much.
He had half a mind not to tell her but he could not bring himself to do it. He was not a cruel man.
' our relationship, nor do I. He has an interest in cultivating another bloodhound for the British government, which I have no interest in becoming, nor should you.” John watched as Sherlocks head of curly dark hair shifted a bit. “Why do you have such an interest in local politics, anyway?”
“Dessert would be pretty damn good right now,” said Aithne smilling.
Sherlock frowned, “I didn’t ask.”
“You being happy John,” replied Sherlock.
"Actually you know what, there is something you can do, but don't laugh," said Paul.
Andrea raised a hand, "pret!"
Blaze turned to his dad and loudly said “hey dad did you know Aithne is going to visit Eurus in a top secret prison facility?” He gave a twitchy smile that went between that shifted whatever it was his eyes were pleading it was sliding between “I am fucking trying to participate in this family” and “I know something terrifying.”
I tried really hard to break this up into something smaller I really did. But on the flip side this is all going to go somewhere trust me.
Sherlock smiled as they walked down the hall.
Sherlock turned to take a look at her, John was approaching her. “Fuck... that might be the brother, and judging by what she said about him, he is not the best person for her right now.”
Wolf turned to Aithne, “apparently your brother skipped last month’s and this month’s Invega, so it looks like we are going to have to titrate him up again.”
Sherlock ran a finger through the mess he made on John’s shirt with a smile, “I’d say sorry for the mess, but you are partly responsible.”
Sherlock whispered into John’s ear, “do you want this?”
“So I’m your’s,” Said John with a smirk on his face.
John rubbed his face, “what sherlock?”
"That may not be developmentally appropriate for two people in their 30's and one in their 40's," mentioned Sherlock. "I mean unless we are doing this over a casket or something, that's the point where siblings try to reunite right?"
"Why thank you," Mycroft took the biscuit and set it down.
Ella looked at her wife, slightly impressed with the bet she put down, because that was going to be bound to make Mycroft super uncomfortable and possibly agitated which might just make this match rather easy to win. Also it could probably do wonders for two folks on her caseload and like any one in social services who doesn't love when a problem solves itself in a fairly satisfying mannerisms .
Sherlock leaned back into John's embrace. "But seriously John it was a good day, and thanks for putting up with the antics of my family."
“Sherlock I want you to stroke yourself through your trousers, start with your inner thighs, and when you feel ready for it, I want you to stroke your cock," said John reaching down and pulling out the authoritative voice he used use back in the Army.
John nodded, “please do, the faster we settle this the faster we can get back to the fun.”
Toby continued barking and pawing at Sherlock. Toby rears back a little and launches herself at Sherlock knocking him slightly off balance.
Dr. Hunter slowed down, "Mycroft Holmes, you're calling from London? Okay what kind of project?"
John smirked, "you sure you can wait?"
Sherlock smirked against John’s shoulder, “deep down you know you won’t.” But he felt John actually try to pull off. He through an arm around John’s chest and threw both of themselves down, pinning John to the mattress, and fully shoving his cock into John’s ass. He started thrusting hard into John while biting his shoulder. He delivered long hard thrust almost pulling out each time only to slam his full length in.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand before letting go and taking his place behind the curtain.
John blushed and found himself struggling at what to say, “I wasn’t talking about marriage, your parents were.”
John groaned, "Mrs. Hudson, we are not at the moment planing on getting married."
"Tea same time, same place next week," called out Sherlock.
"No it was a good one, it was a couple's appointment, and well we thought it would be a good idea to invite his parents over for tea, and the brother showed up and it went to shit, I need a drink," said John.
Sherlock, John,  and Mycroft all have rough nights.
Ella smiled, "okay are we going for straight up lie or truth in a costume? Because I am up for either option? I mean should we just get a literal plot from a story or shall we go with something equally silly? Ooh can you give me a dark and gritty reboot? Just don't fridge yourself or give me a tragi-queer back story." She laughed at the very thought of this, she basically didn't have much in terms of how she got the kind of case load she got other than the fact that she was trained in Trauma Informed Care and Motivational Interviewing which has been proven rather successful with people with PTSD. Which meant that NHS and the Service Personnel and Veterans Agency approved of it, plus she was a army brat growing up and was part of the army herself. So she just happened to have the experience and training they desired, there really was no special manner in how she got the job, with the exception of maybe just maybe she has a pretty high security clearance level, because while she wasn't in active combat too often, she was one hell of a strategist, but she could catch hands if she needed to.
John noticed Sherlock was drifting off a little bit, he grabbed Sherlock by his hair, “pay,” John shoved the full length of his cock into Sherlock’s mouth, feeling little resistance as he pushed down sherlock’s throat. He pulled back till it again the tip of his cock rested on Sherlock bottom lip, “attention Private!” John thrust the full length of his cock back down Sherlock's throats as if to punctuate each syllable. He held Sherlock's head down, his cock buried down his potential flat mate’s throat. John looked down at Sherlock and smiled, Sherlock was looking at him completely in bliss, he was not struggling against john’s grip. “You are choking on my cock right now and you aren’t even struggling. Private you either don’t care about living, stubborn, or too stupid to live when your body is telling you you need to breath.”  There was long strings of spit already dribbling spent the sides of Sherlock’s mouth, “boy I bet you won’t even breath without my permission at this point, you’re so far gone.” He felt the urge to push Sherlock a little further, he was curious to see just how far Sherlock was willing to go in this situation. He lowered one hand to stroke Sherlock's long neck, he gasped as he felt how much Sherlock’s throat contracted around John’s cock. He jerked Sherlock off his cock, “breath,” he ordered.
Mycroft stood back with his foil slightly raised, obviously waiting for Ella to make the first move.she stayed back not even looking to make and effort to approach she eventually even lowered her weapon.
Sherlock looked at Molly and tried to shoot a believable smile, “Molly, I’m,” Sherlock paused, the words weird caught in his mouth, he looked at John who was stroking his hands. Sherlock swallowed, “I’m sorry, you were only trying to be nice; but I want some privacy tonight because I just want to focus on John. Err this is John, he’s great I just met him tonight. Also I am gay, I am not good at identifying when women are interested in me because the social mores on the heterosexual world is a touch bit different from that in the gay world. I am sorry I should’ve realized this sooner. But thanks for taking considerations with me, you have been nice. I... hope we keep meeting at the lab.”
Sherlock awkwardly placed a hand on the waistband of John’s boxer briefs. He looked down and swallowed. He wasn’t exactly sure what to do, and didn’t want to mess up.
His dad threw John off of him, and made chase for Harry, grabbing a knife on the way.
John nodded and got up, he offered Sherlock a hand and pulled Sherlock up, “I am going to hold you to that promise, let’s head up, but remember to be quiet. I will also want you to follow my exact steps, that way we can avoid all the squeaky steps.”
Ella shook Mycroft's hand, "it was interesting finally meeting you, and remember you were just a kid yourself when everything happened, it wasn't your fault. It was just a combo of unfortunate stuff all rolled into one. You can't change the past but what has fixating on fixing the past got you. I want you to think about that before we meet again."
“Yes, that is perfectly fine, Mr. Holmes,” replied Amir. He who was curious about what was about to unfold.
"Long enough," said Andrea, a slight smirk developing on her face.
"Yeah, I can only image the family dinners," said Aithne with a smirk on her face.
Sherlock scrambled down the hallway to the bedroom, he mildly dwelled on the fact that
“Holy Fuck,” Molly exclaimed, “I didn’t know you can do that combo of words without a hint of sarcasm.” She turned to John, “I don’t know what you are doing with him, but keep it up.”
Sherlock pressed the clicker as they entered their bedroom, saying "bedroom." Toby saw her bed and hopped on, wagging her tail. Sherlock smiled, he prompted toby to walk around the flat more, pressing the clicker for Rosie's room pointing it out for her, and buzzing on the laundry and linen closet.
He sighed and thought about going up and at least just getting a bag and jacket for Rosie, but he couldn't even make it halfway up the steps before feeling that prickling on the back of his neck that screamed it was time to fight or flight or freeze. He stopped and went back down to the bottom step. He knocked on Mrs. Hudson's door.
“Oi the man isn’t deducing his way out of this situation I take it that Captain is so good that it knocked him off line for a bit,” quipped Bryson.
Sherlock looked at John, and nodded, he got up and walked to his room. He closed the door behind him, and slid to the floor, and as much as he didn’t want to, he cried. He didn’t want to loose John, but he wanted to make John happy, no matter what it cost him.
John smiled at him and huffed, "well looks like we are getting a dog."  They entered the kennel area.
Paul laughed, "if there was some magic solution that would be nice, but it was nice talking to you. It's getting dark, I probably should head back."
“Are we done here, because I would like very much to just go back to my flat and get a change of clothes?” Said Wiggins as he took off his jacket to shake off some of the mess.
John didn’t want to cum by a blow job that only covered the tip; so he pulled Sherlock’s hair roughly to tug him off his cock and slapped him across the face. Sherlock seemed to focus properly after that. “While this was certainly a lovely way to wake up from a nap, I am going to want more than tip getting sucked okay. But before I decide what hole I am going to need to do an inspection, so get on all fours, slut.”
William has a revelation, and his dads are happy to help.
Sherlock moaned, and thrusted upwards, he grabbed the John by the straps of his harness, he held John tight to him and he kept grinding into John’s own growing erection.
“Hey Johnny, are you on the pull? Don’t worry man I won’t tell the house clerk, so who is the lucky gal? She looked a tall one, I bet she is a real looker there, Three Continents. Don’t deny it man, I obviously saw two shadows in here,” Said a rather tall man in boxers and a white t shirt.
Kayla nodded in agreement, "okay is there any particular reason why you don't like going to the shops?"
“Oh so Harry, she’s a wreck, wait do you think the brother is one of those types who just takes care of people to the point of burn out,” Said Kate. “Because he is about to become over saturated with folks needing help if he gets with Sherlock.”
Solomon, "okay but we might have to do more training on her, that barking shouldn't be happening unless they are off work, or if they have to warn others that their owner is wondering off or having a seizure. So maybe she won't be ready to take home just yet but you are more than welcome to tag along for her further training outside of the training you are going to have to do with her.”
Toby looked at Sherlock, and went bathroom.
"£11,000" replied Sherlock, "they deserve it. Also think of it as a person getting a new chance at life.
"Rosie what are you doing?" Asked Mycroft.
Siger looked into the fire as well, he took a sip of tea. "Do you think we could've stopped any of that? I mean what if we were in the city instead of the manor? Do you think they could've gotten friends and turn out different. I mean it was only us out in the country for so long? Do you think we isolated them? I mean the only other child was Victor, and he was the ground keeper's son? I mean we both enjoyed our solitude, but do you think that was really a good way of raising kids, knowing what we know now? I mean yes they did not get along with other kids when we tried to have them meet with our colleagues's kids, but what if we really pushed it? Come to think of it what ever happened to the Hunter family? You knew the husband from Cambridge and the wife taught there as well."
Josephine smirked at her twin’s comment, she was a very pregnant woman, wearing a well cut business suit, that seemed out of place with her level of pregnancy. She was light  tan with pink undertones, she had straight black hair that was cut into a strong a-line bob, every move she made seemed to be calculated to create the most potential. She met Scott while Joey was in the hospital, she came running up to Scott to warn him, that their parents were coming and that Francis needed pointers on how to deal with them. Scott found the sentiment adorable, and asked her out to dinner. They ended up getting married as soon as she was done with Hastings law school. She was a medical copyright lawyer, and ended up working for Geneticorp, after a short stint at another pharmaceutical company. She knew that as far as it went a good chunk of their family really never liked Joey to begin with but that got worse after he came out. But if anything it was nice to know which relatives were truly ride or die for them. She didn't really like how things got after Joey came out, because they placed all the expectations and responsibilities on her. She didn't resent him for it but she realized that it wasn’t fair, because by all means children should be children not be extra parents.
John smiled and delivered a light kiss to Sherlock’s lips, he opened the door to the veteran’s housing and took a very specific set of steps on the entry rug. He turned around to look at Sherlock who was copying the exact steps.
Everyone around the table started laughing at how preposterous the situation got.
Mycroft was in his shitty little sedan, distracted by the fact that he was so sloppy during his match against Ella, he knew he was better than that. He knew he was better, why didn't he do better. He could feel the seams of his composure ripping, he wanted to ask all those questions but now he had to pick just one. He turned on the car stereo. And pulled out his MP3 player, he usually preferred to listen to classics with he occasional dive into contemporary orchestra, much harder to hide subliminal messages or secret frequencies into them. But sometimes when he just had to have a good scream he played music that would seem at place in a car that was about to exhibit the behavior he was just about to do. Hmm he swiped through his play list, and picked a playlist full of songs with a ridiculous amount of bass. He cranked the stereo up and let the subwoofer hit such ridiculous levels that windows were shaking.
Ryver scowled, “Asa we all are turning 16 in the upcoming months, we aren’t kids.”
“Oh... um... apology accepted, that’s funny, I thought you never apologized. Also we’re friends, so of course we are still going to meet at the lab, you make the lab a whole other kind of interesting,” Said Molly with a smile but she was also twitching. “You know it’s funny every boy I like turns out to be gay.”
“I do eat enough,” snapped Sherlock.
Kayla stared him down, "Sherlock your track record says otherwise."
Mycroft's laughter could be heard.
John sighed, and held Sherlock tightly, “Okay I guess, but just so you know you have to clean all of this up.”
"My partner's big brother knocked over an end table while his parents where asking us why we utilized so much therapy. He knocked it over with the specific reason of triggering me, so as to trigger him," said John.
Sherlock whined, at the loss of contact, but let out a gasp as he was yanked up by his hair. He winced as Sherlock shook him by his locks. He stayed obediently on his knees, as John delivered a few more slaps.
"That would be acceptable," said Mycroft.
Violet huffed, "Well why didn't you say anything, you used to love them as a child. What happened?"
Blaze laughed, "you've kinda gotten soft as you gotten older you know that right."
Ella and Mycroft took their spots on the strip.
John was exclaiming a litany of praise for Sherlock, and he found the look on Sherlock’s face when he praised him to be rather endearing. He came with a rather spectacular roar and much to both of their surprise, John’s chair decided was now the time to fail them. Both John and Sherlock started to fall back and while John landed with a rather large thud. Sherlock managed to land rather elegantly straddling John’s chest. They both started laughing. John was rather uncomfortable with the chair digging into his back at weird spots, but he was rather liking this closeness with Sherlock. He let out a little laugh but that was quickly interrupted by Sherlock.
Sherlock helps William science his way to a solution.
John laughed, “no I doubt it, not with all the eye candy surrounding us, I am too old and too broken to be anyone's first choice, not that you are old Mike, but you see what I mean right?”
“Using Da Vinci’s Vitruvian Man, I set out at nightfall and went to the cemetery to retrieve the parts necessary for a human to possess. That was the only other time I visited Mycroft’s grave as well. I assembled the parts fairly quickly, but not as discreetly as I would have liked, seeing as how the run-in with Sally and Anderson went.”
John crossed his arms, mindful of the fact that he was holding baked goods. “You have forgiven him then?”
“J...John…”
“I understand that this may be a troubling time for you, but please, I would like to know more about this brother, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock was caught off guard by the sob that left his body, which gave way to more, reducing him to a bawling mess. He wanted John to turn away, to not look at him while he was showing such weakness. He cried even more when he felt John’s arms embrace him.
“This suit shall suffice.”
John smiled and pulled Sherlock’s hair slightly so that his head would tip back and meet John’s gaze. He smiled at the sight and puckered his lips so that he would be graced with John’s own. Indeed, the angle was awkward but their lips did meet in the sweetest of kisses.
“Come, have a drink. Thomas! Bring our man here a drink.”
She seemed satisfied with that answer and removed her hand from his face. It took him a while to move, he did not want to say goodbye to her because he knew that once he left the manor, their relationship would most probably never be the same again. She still cared for him, surely. She must or she would not have remained in the manor for so long if she did not love him anymore.
Sherlock turned and left. As he neared his room his body grew heavier. He felt relieved when he opened the door, locking it behind him. He never recalled his bed being as soft and comforting before. He lifted his blanket up and slid underneath, wanting to feel as smothered as possible. He supposed that he wanted to feel what Mycroft felt, or perhaps his mother. The thought of being trapped in bed, the sensation of losing oxygen, suffocating. Sherlock stopped when he heard the crack of thunder. He closed his eyes and nestled into the bed as if he could sink deeper. He wanted to find a slumber that had eluded him for days. Sleep only came to him a few hours, even minutes, at a time, never the amount he yearned for. He decided to roll over and stare at the bookshelf that was gifted to him by Mycroft. The first row contained various fairy tales. The second row was filled with encyclopedias of plants, biology, astronomy, and chemistry. Mycroft had acquired them once he realized Sherlock was fascinated by the sciences. He never told Sherlock to stop his experiments no matter how much he disapproved of them. He was the only one that accepted Sherlock without question. Now he was stuck with people like Alfred and Lady Martin.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was gentle and firm, yet Sherlock’s nerves did not calm.
The three men stood in silence, and Sherlock could see the way Sebastian faltered, and John’s hands trembled. Sebastian, and it made Sherlock sick to even think such a horrid plan, could prove to be a sufficient distraction for John when he went to seek Moriarty out and end it once and for all. It crushed him to keep such a secret from the love of his life, but it would hurt even more if John were to get injured, or worse, all to help him. He would not live with himself if John died for a bullet that was meant for him, should it come to that.
“I’ve already told you, I could not sit idle while they tormented you.”
“How have you come to meet Sir Mycroft, Albert?” The woman who was crying at the funeral asked this.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and laid back down. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s forehead - still warm. John shook his head and lifted the covers off.
John showed Sherlock his hands. He understood “not” and “fire”, perhaps. No burns on them, he was well-behaved, Sherlock already knew that. He shuffled his feet and crossed his arms. He would love nothing more than to return to bed but he would only be back out and checking in on John. It was only an hour left till dawn, he was not going to fall asleep that quickly. The fire was warm, and Sherlock yearned for John’s company. His bed felt harder and more frigid than usual. He blamed himself. He had expected John to fill the empty space next to m while he slumbered. However, if John wished to reside here, so would he. Sherlock walked over to his bookshelf and selected a random book. It was one of Oscar Wilde’s books,
John reached around and found the tin, opening it quickly to drag his fingers through the greasy substance inside. “I will give you more then, my love. Just be patient with me.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I do not know what I want. My body yearns for peace of mind, but I am unsure of how to achieve it.”
“Noah.”
“Sebastian, are you being honest with me?” John asked suddenly, Sebastian’s silences sparking suspicion in John’s desperation.
The man took several steps toward them and John stepped in front of Sherlock to protect him from anything that he might try. Both were surprised to see the creation extending his hand out to them. John turned his head to face Sherlock and Sherlock whispered in his ear, “I believe he is attempting a handshake.”
Reluctantly, Sherlock sat down and watched as John padded into the kitchen. His smile never faltered after that moment. John appeared to Sherlock to be in a state of bliss. He wanted to tell John that no good could come of it, that there would only be heartbreak in the end, but whenever his gaze fell upon the blond man, he could not bring himself to speak a word of ill-will. It was not as if he was eager to put an end to it either. He yearned for a moment such as the one from earlier in the day, and although he knew better, he could not help but love it. He could not help loving John. His companion returned with the plates and silverware in his hand. He placed them upon the table carefully, and then took his own seat.
“Should it?”
Sherlock rolled up his sleeves and wiped a few wet curls from his forehead.
So long ago, it seemed, Sherlock had put John together in moments of utter loneliness and grief. He was only trying to create company though he had gained much, much, more than that. He brushed his fingers over some of the scars, finding only beauty in the fact that John had been brought to life just for him. Even if he had constructed the body, the life and breath of John was some part God given - Sherlock had to believe that.
“The fools say they assaulted a man.”
“By teaching him; that must come at a later date.”
“Burning, is not good, my dear John.”
Sherlock sniffed and shook his head. He could not afford to think of such things. They were gone and he was safe in his room, alone, away from the cold gazes and murmuring. His companion would not treat him like that, he would be kind and protective. He would love Sherlock. The thought of which made him smile softly.
“I assure you, my former self is much worse. Should you bear witness to it, I am sure you would pack your bags the very same day.”
“I’ll gather the plates, Sherlock.”
Sherlock wanted to thank John, but he could not find the words to speak, and he was sure John would take offense to the statement so he resolved to muster something resembling a smile. Some time passed before Sherlock finally spoke.
“Quite so. In fact, I thought I might share my surprise with you but you must get dressed.”
“Hm...What odd scars you have…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You might not but I do. If you are weary, rest. I am off to do just that.”
John shushed him and pulled him close into a hug, “Neither do I, but we will deal with him in time, as soon as Sherlock returns from his walk, we shall all handle this.”
John gave a careful nod. He learned quickly, Sherlock thought.
He thought it best for John never to look at him again. Those eyes, steady and enchanting, they would never look at him the same way. What would he do once they returned to the flat? Would John want further explanations? Would he force Sherlock to tell him every detail from his construction up until their first meeting? Or could Sherlock lock himself away and wait for the day John would finally tell Sherlock how much he despised him and that what they had would never happen again? Sherlock would surely crumble at hearing those words. They were ugly, bitter words, they did not fit John’s mouth or his suit his voice. Then again, Sherlock would be deserving of it all. John’s life was yet another he destroyed, but Sherlock’s life would too shatter if John were to ever leave him. There was no Sherlock Holmes without his John Watson, not anymore.
Sherlock’s laugh sounded more like a relieved breath.
About the lube situation, Vaseline was created in 1872 in the United States so us authors reasoned that Sherlock is spoilt enough to buy lube from overseas. Probably not the first strange thing he's gotten form there anyways, right?
John giggled and placed a hand high on Sherlock’s thigh. “But you do not refuse.”
“It is fine, Sherlock. I was lulled by the warmth of the fire and the splendid quiet of the flat. You have roused me from my impending slumber.”
“No, of course not, John. What would possess you to say such things?”
She scoffed. “I should not be so careless as to allow any of the girls to enter the room. I have personally seen to it that the dust does not collect.”
“Keeps to himself most likely, I have heard that he is...rather peculiar.”
Sherlock kissed John again and took the bag. “I do hope there is something here for me.”
“Oh, yes. Please, please, John. Right there. I need you.” Sherlock reached up, gripping at John’s shoulders while the man smeared the Vaseline across his entrance.
“The rain began on the day of Mycroft’s funeral, it has not ceased yet. It is as if the sky mourns his passing. What say you, Mrs. Hudson? Do you think, perhaps, that the world is saddened by my brother’s departure?”
“It’ll do, Sherlock, but nothing shall make tolerable living in an empty home.”
“Come along!”
Sherlock’s arm hurt. He must have been imagining the pain from the dream. His arm had been cut, and his mind merely simulated the stinging. The pain was persistent, like something was hitting it now. Sherlock groaned, he didn’t want to wake up. He wanted to hear Mycroft’s voice one more time, he wanted to see his brother’s face before he was thrust back into reality. The pain increased, rendering Sherlock’s mind unable to recreate moments from his past. The pain in his arm would not cease and it saddened him as he realized that even in his sleep, he would not be granted the relief he sought.
. He was glad that Sherlock finally revealed to him his true nature, and he bore no ill will towards him, his lover, his creator. There had to be the twinge of uneasiness in Sherlock during this process if he did not even want to share with John the tale of how he came to be. He had no father, he had no mother, nor had he a brother as Sherlock was blessed to have, he was able to accept these facts. Why should they bring another being into this life? He would wake and be handed off to Moriarty who would do God knows what with him. Did Sherlock truly have no issue with giving this creature….this person, a life of servitude with no hope for escape?
Sherlock and John returned from their outing just after noon. John had taken position behind him, assisting in pulling off Sherlock’s coat. While the walk had gone splendidly, Sherlock was not able to hide the little expressions of pain that movement caused. Apparently John had remained as observant as ever. Sherlock, however, seemed distracted. Since they ran into Thomas he had spoken little to John and resigned himself to near silence upon their return to the flat. John would not press him, he would wait until Sherlock was ready to speak.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you.”
John, too drowsy to respond, simply nuzzled into Sherlock’s had and was asleep again in seconds. Sherlock found the light snores adorable. He rose from his spot and left the room, closing the door with such ease as he exited. When he came down the stairs, he found Mrs. Hudson preparing his plate, as well as heating a kettle on the stove. He took his seat and watched as she fluttered about the kitchen and the dining room, setting Sherlock’s place and checking on the food that was still cooking. It wasn’t until he saw her in action that he realized he had missed her. The way she fussed over his clothes, cooked his food and set his place, how different Baker Street would seem without her. She came from the kitchen and placed the silverware on both sides of his plate. Fried egg, ham, and beans on toast were laid out on the porcelain. It smelled heavenly. Sherlock hoped John would wake up in time to eat Mrs. Hudson’s cooking, knowing he would love it so.
“Narrows it down but still makes for a lot of them.”
“You are very loyal, very fast. And your sister managed to land herself in rehab herself, so what makes you think you can keep my brother from relapse,” Said Mycroft glaring at John.
William stared at his Papa, a bit confused, but liked having something to connect him to Papa’s family. “But, Papa, your name is Sherlock, and uncle Mycroft. Do you have a brother named William, you don’t see that much?”
So not going to lie, I am not at all familiar with the NHS system outside of what it has to do with my job, and you know what good on you NHS for finally taking your heads out of your ass when it comes to the new generation of HIV Prevention. Believe me it is probably going to be a thing that keeps on popping up in this story. I've tried to edit as much as I could to fix it but I am sure some things managed to slip.
“Well the posh mum decided to talk about how I was lucky to have a girl because a girl doesn’t go around touching everything and how she had a hard time managing her boys,” said Sherlock as he pulled John in closer. “Well I wasn’t paying attention to the mum, but I guess Ro did. So he snuck up to mum and when she tried to tell Ro that he was pretty and had lovely hair, she tried to touch Ro. And Ro jumped up and bit the woman’s hand so hard that she got a bruise. The woman yelled loudly, and I kept trying to tell the employees that she tried to touch my kid, but to them it didn’t matter, so they banned us.” He sighed, “that really should’ve stuck out to me before all of this.”
He did enjoy Sherlock’s gear, he wore leather pants, a plain black button up shirt that looked really soft and was so sheer that you could make out the details of Sherlock’s body if you looked hard enough and a leather jacket, he topped off the whole outfit with leather military hat. He looked ridiculously handsome and almost at home in the clubs they were frequenting for the case. John couldn’t stop staring at Sherlock, he felt bad because he messed up a few needle sticks when he was undercover as an HIV tester because he couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s ass in those pants. John knew Sherlock wasn’t like that, all he cared about was the game, he only saw his body as transport, why would he even get saddled down by the idea of sex.
“In which case it became my turn,” said Wolf, “she fucking pepper sprayed me. Basically the woman had a surprising lot of weapons hidden in her clutch, because apparently the colonies are scary.”
John huffed, "well you can't take them all."
John looked at Sherlock and nodded, “One… Two… Three…”
"No shit," said Blaze, "yeah still don't get why you thought to set my ass on fire after playing with her that time, like she ripped out a chunk of your hair, because she wasn't patient enough to get her airplane loose. I mean what in that one afternoon screams 'let's be friends' other than holy shit another person who cannot feel pain, let's be not weird together."
Mycroft got into his car and dialed his Uncle, “Uncle Rudy, you’re right he is very loyal and quick to act, maybe he will be good for Sherlock.”
Chapter 3
Dad leaned forward, “Get it, Samson sounds like Samsung.”
Sherlock replied, "we get everything online, I am not even sure if we are allowed back in this Tesco yet."
John started stroking Sherlock’s thigh again, “Okay Sherlock I don’t want a flat mate who I will have to watch over all the time, I don’t want someone who can’t do something as basic as eating. I am sure with the right motivation you would consider eating. So I am going to give you some motivation.”
Blaze glared at Scott, “you are going to need the rest of legal team for that decision, your wife doesn't count as the whole team.”
Sherlock and Toby followed them.
He approached his sister, “Hey Harry, I was looking for you. Are you...” John stepped back as Harry tossed the drink at his face.
“I mean I don’t have to touch you, maybe I can tell you what to do?” asked John gently.
Mrs. Hudson laughed.
John joined them in the living room, he sighed. "Sherlock we should probably have a go at the shops because I am not thrilled at the idea that somehow we will have your family over for tea, with only. 1.2.3.4 bags of tea." He said as he was rummaging through the cabinets of the kitchen. Not too much food in there was appropriate for tea. Most of it was essentially toddler snacks, stale ginger nuts, potato crisps,and nutrition bars. There was some vegetables and milk in the fridge but ultimately the kitchen didn't have much.  They were the kind of folks who had a lot of take out, because well Sherlock has a lot of people who owe him favors.
“The place is 221 B Baker Street, we can go there after I get my 20£,” said Sherlock as he picked up the clipboard and continued to fill out the screener test. He went into the testing RV with a wink. “Oh hello Molly, this is fantastic can I run my own lab panel, think of it as a break but still working.”
John picked up the folder, it was a picture of Sherlock, “I don’t know him.”
“I wouldn't dare mess with anyone with such capabilities, I really wouldn't want to miss out on a chance like that,” replied Eurus trying to sound like a decent person to Mycroft.
“You stopped the story at why you felt so strongly about Eurus,” said Francis.
John noticed Sherlock drifting into his head as he watched Sherlock in the mirror, and he slapped his ass with the hand holding Sherlock against him to get his focus back. He also started fuck Sherlock’s throat with a bit more force, he noticed all the spit just dripping out of Sherlock’s mouth. . Sherlock instantly locked eyes with him in the mirror after the initial slap, or at least Sherlock tried, the long, girth bit of silicone stopped him from facing forward, he had to keep his head facing upward to make room for the dildo. John leaned into Sherlock’s ear, “Sherlock touch yourself.”
Solomon pressed a buzzer, "no."  Bopper looked at John with a look that one could say was sorry, but personifying animal's reactions can be troublesome. "Sorry about that, is there any other injuries I need to be made aware of before continuing."
"Because you cock face, it got back to me and some of the fellows are giving me shit over it, and you know how much I hate to be undermined. Also I find it weird that your group finds it acceptable to confront siblings over these matters like it really squicks me out," snarked Aithne.
Not going to lie these siblings are kinda all up in each other business, but like if there is one thing I laugh about it is watching siblings trying to co-ordinate the parties they plan to go to to ensure that they don't see each other at the same parties, but like I have yet to meet a set of siblings where despite all the planning their sibling's shenanigans get's back to them.  But yeah... I don't think it too weird to write the two of them like that.
“Shit! Here he comes,” whispered Jeanine pointing out to Sherlock who was strolling down the street with a little bit too much pep for someone doing his got laid parade. “Oh look at that limp, he must’ve gotten it real good last night.”
John frowned at the alcohol comment, but was rather annoyed to see that was yet another thing Mycroft took account of.
“The CCTV is fine for catching a hit and run or making us aware where to go help a person who has just been hit. But given the amount of times we get ‘i didn’t know there was a crosswalk.’ We figure some actual traffic lights and timed crosswalks with audio count down would really cut down on responding to those kind of calls,” said officer one.
"Helping," replied Rosie.
William thinks he has a crush and that crush is a partner in crime.
John swallowed, “didn’t you say you’ve had enough physical contact tonight, you don’t have to do this for me if you don’t want to.”
"Which ever you want dear? I personally don't care for dramatic confrontation, but really you are the one who has to work with him in person, as far as it goes for me, he is just a family member with control issues, probably based in childhood trauma combined with a touch of neglect whose control issues are now inflicting harm on the people he cares about henceforth making his control issues no longer sensible because it is counter acting why he started having them in the first place." said Ella shrugging her shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kayla shrugged, "i don't know what your shopping habits are, so really I can't adjust that for you."
“Molly, I’m sorry... you were only trying to be nice, but tonight I just wanted a little more privacy with John,” Said Sherlock with a little bit of strain.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I haven't thought that far, yeah I probably can't fly by wire this," said Aithne leaning on the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
William tries to be a messenger of positivity but his dad has feelings about William's ability to do as he says.
Sherlock nodded and gave a look that tried to convey, “Do whatever you need to do to feel safe.” Sherlock turned to Mycroft and replied, “I have changed and I think I should give it another try because things have changed…”
Sebastian laughed "sorry John, but there is a whole lot of gambling going on this. Oh and just to be get all the answers at this point, is Sherlock a top, bottom, or verse. And can he deep throat? Like this is a gambling pool running since 2002, and he is the only variable stopping us from picking a winner, not that it matters the interest alone on the betting pool has been amazing. I mean we started with £10,000 the pool money is now £42,500.
Rosie grabbed a biscuit and handed it to Mycroft, "here."
Sherlock nearly choked on his ham. He had almost forgotten about the bruising on his face, it did not hurt as much anymore but that did not mean that they were gone. How would he tell Mrs. Hudson about this?
“Was this all a ploy of Moriarty’s to keep me....no, of course not. It was Sherlock’s doing was it not?”
“You have the look of a man in need, is all.”
“He should have never been through that. I am sorry that he was subjected to such torture, and I am glad that the offenders are now rotting in their watery graves.” Sherlock spoke with a venom on his tongue. John gasped, but a question popped into his mind.
Sherlock nodded and watched as John left the room. Sherlock brought his hand up toward his left cheek, seeing as how John spent the most time on that side of his face. It hurt, to say the least. John had created tiny strips from the bandages to place on Sherlock’s face. His cheek was swollen, and no doubt bruised. He tried not to think about the attack. Even though it had just happened, he did not want to dwell on it any longer than he had to. He should be accustomed to such treatment, if the children that lived near him had anything to say about it. At first, he tried to be nice, to smile at them, to laugh at their jests, to be normal just as they had been. Of course he had to ruin it by saying something odd or just simply...being himself. They ignored him at first whenever he said something they did not understand, or did not want to hear. Sherlock thought that meant that they were entertained by his conversations. He would talk to them about bees, or that he cut an earthworm’s head off once to test the regeneration claims. They recoiled in disgust. Soon after, they began to avoid Sherlock, especially after he had brought up several of the children’s personal lives (she should have known that her father was committing adultery). He, of course, did not understand what they were doing, that they did not like him, so he continued to pester them. He was cornered by a few of the boys that he followed around one day and, very much like today, they beat him and chanted that hideous word as they hurt him.
Sherlock watched as John bent down in front of the man and held the green silk robe up.
“Worry not, it was merely your reflection.”
“You’re not getting it! The man’s a freak, gets off on the sight of corpses! He’s a sick bloke who deserved the thrashing me and my mates gave him. If you ask me I think the Inspector should commend us for ridding the world of one more freak.”
“I’ve no appetite for it.”
John chuckled. “You’re beginning to sound like me now.”
Sherlock positioned himself closer to John, he felt the skin of John’s knee brush against his own. Had forgotten that the both of them were clad in nothing but the dressing gowns, Sherlock was wearing underwear, the same could not be said of John. Sherlock cleared his throat and begun to read aloud to the man next to him.
The station was only a few feet away from them, yet Sherlock did not want to remain a moment longer.
He rose from his spot on the floor and scrutinized every clue carefully. There was the open door, the broken dishes, the chair that was knocked over, the journal, and a new one - There was blood on the floor. It was not a great amount of blood, but enough to know that John, and quite possibly the assailant were injured. From what he witnessed during the skirmish, John possessed a considerable amount of strength. It was very possible that he was able to inflict bodily harm before finally being stopped. John was kidnapped and it was without a doubt Sherlock’s fault. Who was it? Was it one of his abusers come to finish the job? Maybe it was one of the children he upset from years past come to seek revenge? Why did the captor take John and not him? Why was he not taken while he walked about London? He was not aware of his surroundings, he would not even know what was coming for him. Had he not left, John would have been spared. London was crawling with vicious criminals and murderers, he prayed that John was not the next victim.
“Are you hungry? Thirsty? There’s a dining cart on this---”
Thomas rose and went. Sebastian sat uneasily as Moriarty stared at him with those soulless black eyes and a smile that sent chills up his spine. He took slow drags from his cigar and Thomas walked over to him with a glass of whiskey. They sat in silence and Sebastian refused to drink the amber liquid. Moriarty rose from his seat and was only mere inches away from the sitting man.
“How did he react to the news of your lifestyle?”
Neither of them could do more than catch their breaths and wade through the haze of satisfaction. Only a few minutes later could John manage a drunken smile, opening his eyes to see the same elated expression on his beloved’s face.
“I’ve only come to bring you news of breakfast. It awaits you downstairs.”
He walked over to the broken china and looked around.
“Sherlock, if you are in any pain you must tell me.”
“Of course. Why would you not? You are my brother, you will not abide my harassment. You were the only person bestowed to me in life that truly cared.”
“Does this mean you are well enough to eat?”
Sherlock’s eyebrow rose at the question. “Funny, I was going to ask the same.”
Sherlock strained his raw skin against the rope and the cold wood of the chair. He did not want to exist, he wished that he could be granted the gift of disappearance so that he would not have to go through with this already painful moment.
The man moved his head in a mirrored way, clearly mimicking John. With slow and careful steps, Sherlock approached the man and took his hand. Instantly the man resisted and John stepped in between the two of them. He took over Sherlock’s task and grabbed the man’s hand, to which there was no resistance. Sherlock noticed the change in behavior once John made contact. The three of them walked down the stairs and into the living room. John was the one who settled the man down on the sofa and stepped back to stand alongside Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed and then moved to close the book, but then he was stopped by his creation placing his hand on the page. Sherlock held his breath. Was this it? Had he finally chosen a name? Sherlock wished that it was so. He opened the book to where the man’s hand was and searched for the name again. Sherlock smiled, and then looked into those blue eyes.
He turned to see the man himself staring at him with a mischievous smirk on his face. Sherlock steeled himself, the time for recollection was over. He folded his hands behind his back. Moriarty stalked over to him and circled him like a shark.
John’s face perked up at the invitation. He immediately walked back over to the vacant side of the bed and settled himself in. He sighed as the blanket wrapped around his body, unused to the warmth because he usually slept much after Sherlock, leaving him without the knowledge of spare blankets.
“Yes sir, I am.”
Sherlock had his eyes shut in thought, a pipe in his mouth from which swirls of smoke filled the room with a light and earthy scent; John was writing an entry in his journal and the fire crackled between them as the two men sat without speaking, just basking in one another’s company.
“I’ll send for my things, and do try and get some rest, you look as if you’ll collapse any second.”
He was met with incoherent mumblings. He placed a hand on John’s cheek and could not help but look up at the wound on John’s head. He knew that head wounds always bleed more than any other injury, but still, John should never bleed. He kissed John on the cheek, and then the other.
“And why would you assume such a thing, Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock wanted to ignore the hurt he felt when he saw the corners of John’s mouth twinge into a smile. John did not believe him. Why would he? All John witnessed was the caretaker in her, he did not have the great fortune of coming to know her over three decades. He was not able to notice the difference in her affections, but Sherlock knew, and it broke his heart to realize that now he truly had nothing left for him at the manor.
Thomas nodded. He needed another drink.
“Mrs. Hudson, it takes a body a month to die of starvation. I shall be fine for quite some time yet.”
“Are you enjoying the ride?”
“I needed to be rid of you, you know very private matters regarding me. Therefore, you are a risk and the only way to be sure of my safety was to remove you from the picture.”
Moriarty cocked his head as he squeezed John’s shoulders, ignoring the way he flinched each time. Sherlock traced his fingers along the back of the chair, searching for a chip in the wood. He was only granted splinters as reward.
“I already have.”
The very thought of a companion pushed him to think harder. He stared up at the sky but the fog was heavy that evening, rendering the stars’ shine dull. However seeing them halted his thoughts. He set his fountain pen down and rose from his chair to go to  the window sill, pressing his face to the glass so that he might get a better view.
“What brings you to the Yard today, and, if you don’t mind my asking, where is that fellow Mr…”
“We shall find you a suitable name, do not fret.” Sherlock began reciting names from the book.
“I told him not to do it. He’s a right arse when he’s pissed.”
“If only there were a way to kill such a heartless man such as he.”
“John, please! Believe me when I tell you that there is nothing I desire more than this.”
“...I’m sure you have formed a picture of him in your mind.”
“Sherlock, what has happened?”
“He’s told us about you. Your brother’s Mycroft Holmes, yeah?”
“Sherlock…”
“Mrs. Hudson...I am sorry.” He hung his head and hoped that she heard him clearly, he did not mean to linger on the last word. He felt her soft fingers lift his face so that their eyes could meet. She pressed the lightest of kisses to his cheek and whispered in response, “I know, Sherlock...I know…”
“Nonsense, it is still edible.”
“Who will provide me with the warmth and protection that you had, Mycroft? Dour at times, yes, but you were hardly one to blame. To be tasked with the burden of watching over your younger, particularly unruly, brother. My heart sinks at the very thought of your loss. You should not be rotting underground. You should be here. Scolding me for improper use of the fireplace, or for not being tidy. I was not fond of the time you forcefully groomed my hair after days of my neglect but there is little I would not endure to have you do it again.
Sebastian seemed alarmed as he saw John leave his field of sight. Sherlock shushed him and moved to take his hand again, though fearful that Sebastian would attempt to retaliate. He stayed his hand this time.
“Sir…”
“Of that, we can agree.”
John swallowed and said, “We haven’t sat by the fire in some days. Is it untoward to say that I...I rather miss it?”
“It has been raining for quite some time.” Sherlock muttered as he ate a piece of egg. He wanted to vomit.
“Congratulations Mr. Holmes, you’ve managed to retrieve your friend as well. I would apologize for his ghastly state, but you must understand, he did not come willingly and even attacked my men.”
“I must report a stolen wallet. Just off the corner of this street I was robbed by a lowly street urchin, who made off with my wallet, as well as the assets kept inside. I must make you aware that I have lost quite the amount!”
John walked over to the empty side of the bed and gently nudged Sherlock so that he would have sufficient room to fit. It was only noon, but John had little else to do and if Sherlock’s whining showed him anything, it was that the man was lonely.  Up in the room all day while stewing in your own filth with not a soul to talk to would evoke such an emotion. John did not want Sherlock to feel that way, not anymore, not while he was still around. As expected, Sherlock nestled himself into John’s chest. He could feel the heat exude from his sick lover and wrapped his arms tighter around him. He was shivering. John hoped that it would get worse before it got better, he could not bear it if Sherlock perished from an illness that was avoidable. He was not sure if Sherlock was actually sleeping, or merely resting his eyes.
“Fear not, John, I have not forgotten about the outing.”
A true smile spread across Sherlock’s lips, eyes shutting for just a moment at the rush of emotion. Yes, he had imagined doing this for years now with different men and had felt so wrong about it. He had felt isolated and like the freak everyone said he was for his inclinations. Sherlock had never thought he would be able to have this and now, to have it with a man like John who cherished him and cared for him without ulterior motive? Well, he could only see the wait as worth it - all that pain, all that doubt and fear, was worth it.
Thomas rolled his eyes. It was Sherlock, without a doubt. He had always been odd, and with the marks on his face, it would not be surprising if he ended up in such an unfortunate accident.
“It gets lonesome here, when you retire to bed. I find myself staring towards your door, hoping that you would return and join me.”
“I can do nothing about it. We will have to get by with the hope that I will not run into anymore skirmishes during our time outside.”
John had not grasped sarcasm yet, or maybe he had in his own way and chose to ignore Sherlock’s quips. He shook his head and pressed a finger to Sherlock’s forehead, missing the way Sherlock shivered at the contact.
“Hush, Sherlock, I am here.”
Thomas nodded. “As you might have guessed, he is Mycroft’s younger brother. His only brother, I might add.”
Sherlock was silent and it was then he took a bite of the food. A mode of evasion, John realized. Even now, after all the time they spent together, Sherlock still thought that he had no one at his side, that he was still the lonely man before John. That was not the case, not while he was around.
Sherlock sighed and said, “You are making me uneasy, John. I admit you have been less than quiet and it is very uncharacteristic.”
Their conversation ended there. They both cleaned up their dinner in the quiet company of each other, occasionally they stealing glances at one another, and if caught, simply flashing a shy smiles. John sat on the couch and watched as Sherlock fluttered about with his pajamas draped over his arm as he  prepared his bath. He took his seat with John as he waited for the tub to fill. His eyes were fixed on the flames, whereas John’s were fixed on him.
“Absolutely not. Only if you are ready and willing to.”
Sherlock knew that John wanted to see and so did he. Through the intense sensations, Sherlock forced himself to open his eyes and meet John’s, bare his emotions in the most intimate connection.
Sherlock hoped that John would agree.
“Brother?”  John did not know Sherlock had a sibling.
“Incredible”, Sherlock breathed.
“What of the night when I awoke? When you attacked me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s cheeks tinged with pink at the words - So charming, so modest, so wonderful. He should have seen it coming, when John’s lips pressed against his own. It was swift and not as intimate as the first time, but filled to the brim with an identical passion.
“We must be patient, even we cannot rush nature.”
“You proposed that we use a bolt of lighting, and tonight, is when we shall be able to do so!”
“John.”
“Er, Banville, Thomas Banville, I believe.”
“Yes, I have the sudden need to be rid of these drenched clothes.”
“Good day Mr. Holmes.”
“Do I have a choice in the matter?”
“If you insist on working, then I shall accompany you.”
The cop looked over at Sally, who watched the whole ordeal.
“On some nights, I hear sounds come from your room at ungodly hours of the night. It is not the same noise as when you talk, mind you, but it sounds...oh, I cannot place it. It saddens me whenever I hear it.”
“I would have been left to rot in that hell, had not a man by the name of Thomas Banville come to rescue me. Says that he was a friend of my father’s.”
Sherlock ignored her exaggerations.
“I have.”
John held up a finger to Sherlock’s mouth.
“Your father did not attempt to save you?”
“Awake, are we?”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow.
“We saw this bloke few months ago who looked a bit suspicious if you ask me. Messing about in the graveyard, looked like he had something with him. I told Anderson, but we didn’t bother much with him. Come yesterday we see him strolling about as brazen as he pleases, so Anderson and the lads gather ‘round him and knock his head in. We were thrown in here for the night.”
“You attacked a man, you are lucky to have been jailed for the night.”
“You’ll be glad to hear that my friend is not with me.”
John set his utensils down the way Sherlock showed him before he ate.
“Worry not, it is an effort I have no qualms in providing for you. I cannot help you in a great many ways other than this. Now come,” John stood, helping Sherlock rise from his seat and guiding him to the bath.
John furrowed his brows at Sherlock’s odd question.
. Sherlock then took his seat next to John on the floor and began reading.
“I must return. Moriarty will have my hide if I am late.”
“There they are!”
“Do not fret, Sebastian. Sherlock is reckless at times, yes, but he is a survivor and we will see him again.” John smiled at the thought of Sherlock, his Sherlock being the hero. He had to believe his own words. The possibility that Sherlock would perish and be gone from their lives was too outrageous to imagine. Sherlock was an integral part of his life that he would never be able to live without. Such a loss, John knew, would kill him. They pulled away but John made sure to hold Sebastian’s hand. What Sebastian said scared John too, but they couldn’t fall apart now. Not until they arrived.
“You’ll forgive me, Sir Banville, but I must take my leave. The rain has let up and I would like to be home before it starts again.”
“Pull the paper up.” Apparently not long. They were both whispering now.
Sherlock loaded up the rest of their luggage in the carriage of the cart. John stood beside him and watched with a look of apprehension as he prepared for their journey to Switzerland. It had been days since Sherlock sprung that rather random question on him after being gone the whole morning and returning with little more than a newspaper and a kiss. Sherlock tossed the luggage to the driver with a ferocity that he had never seen. What demon had possessed his love?
“I understand that, but you have not yet returned to your former self.”
Sherlock only moaned and settled into the pillows. John’s hand moved to rest atop the damp curls. He would need a bath soon, preferably a cold one.
John set the clothes down and crossed his arms as he watched Sherlock sink further into the water.
“Why is that?”
“What brings you to Baker Street, Thomas?”
“You are correct, it is water, but what specifically is it?”
John sighed. He stared at Sebastian and smiled at how the man snored lightly. He tried to impress her at dinner, this much was true. He did his job well.
Sherlock crossed his arms and gave John a skeptical glare. When would he ever release himself from his stubbornness? Sherlock had made a move to say something to John about the subject, but was wracked with drowsiness and decided to let it be.
“After we’ve finished here, I will have a bath, and then retire to bed.”
“Face me at once.” He said with a sternness that he had not expected to have.
Sebastian released John’s hand, nearly letting out a whimper. Just as he had done at the flat, he fiddled with his fingers and refused to meet John’s eyes.
John rose from his seat. “It smells wonderful.”
“Really? I had assumed Thomas was lying. The man does have such idle fantasies at times. This, however, this changes everything!”
Sherlock’s eyes softened and he moved around the table to hold John’s hands.
“The thought of ingesting even the bread is not very pleasant.”
“Meaning?”
They were cruel to him. They taunted, jeered, attacked him when they saw fit. Mycroft warned him but Sherlock never listened until the moment after the other children left him with bruises, a split lip, as well as a broken heart. Mycroft comforted him that night, something that Mycroft rarely did.
John said nothing. If Sherlock had to guess, it would be that he was nervous about something.
“Rubbish.” Sherlock said. “Mrs. Hudson will love you. She has a habit of doing that.”
Thomas’ gun shook so much that John thought he was going to pull the trigger by accident. Instead, he dropped the gun and a look of defeat ran across his face.
“Sherlock, I am angry, I am hurt. You lied to me, you let me live in the illusion that I was normal, that you sported these scars just the same as I. Yet all I can do is forgive you. I am sure, being the intelligent man that you are, that I have no other company on this earth save you. And I’m also sure that I do not want any other but you, Sherlock. You are my best friend, you are my only friend, I shall never find another like you even if I wanted to. I love you Sherlock, and only you.”
“Mr. Banville.” Sherlock uttered the name with a melancholic tone.
“Move away from the window!”
John stared at Sherlock. He knew that John hadn’t a clue what he was saying, but he had to get the point across. He couldn’t bear it if John got hurt due to his negligence. Sherlock sighed and held out his hand to John. John seemed hesitant at first, but he placed his hand in Sherlock’s. Sherlock wrapped his long fingers around it and guided towards the blaze. Sherlock watched as John’s eyes widened, he felt the heat no doubt. Immediately, John attempted to free himself of Sherlock’s grasp, he did not like the fire, he learned his lesson. Sherlock released him, and noted the way John held his own hand as if it were severed from his body. Sherlock took both John’s hands and said, “Fire burns.” In as soft a tone as he could muster.
John paced around the room stopping every few moments to glance at his watch, before resuming his pacing. Sebastian, who was now sporting a bandage around his arm, watched anxiously.
“We are here with you, there is no need to be afraid.”
“Pardon...me?”
“I feel as if I am ready to retire.”
The man’s eyes widened.
John shook his head at Sebastian. He knew that the man’s heart was soft, he did not know how to handle the evils of this world, and John was sorry for that. There was not enough time to harden him or instill a confidence to combat such cruel words. Sebastian’s blue eyes glanced to John, and for a moment the shorter man worried that he had lost his nerve. No, no it was quite the opposite.
Sherlock moved to stand beside John. With a softer tone he spoke, “It is alright. You have no reason to fear us. We mean you no harm.”
“Would you think any less of me if I told you?”
“You have nearly gotten it!” John exclaimed.
Sherlock thought for a moment before asking, “And if I refuse?”
“Thank you.” John muttered.
Sherlock smiled and moved over so that John could fit on the seat with him. They both settled into the seat and lowered the paper so that any passerby would not be able to see the two holding hands. Sherlock so desperately wanted to kiss John, at least on the cheek, if he truly could manage to reach his lips without attracting attention. He found his eyes slowly lingering away from the small print on the paper and to the face of John Watson. He knew that John could feel his eyes on him, how long till he would acknowledge them?
Sherlock ran a hand over his face and sighed as he too sat on the bed. For a while they sat in silence and he wondered how long they would sit like that before John broke the silence or left the room, or him. This would surely be the breaking point for him. John would not be able to handle how much he had lied, or how often he kept the truth from everyone. Why would he follow a man to the ends of the earth if he could not even trust him to give him the truth? He should have known this would not last. Moriarty did it, he successfully killed Sherlock Holmes, or, he would if John left him. John would take Sebastian and flee the country. Would he go back to Baker Street? Paris? Or would he go to the States and make a life for himself there with a new companion? He loved John so much that it hurt, and it would surely ruin him if he were to leave now.
“Oh John…why must you punish yourself for my wrongdoings?”
John ended up not getting any sleep because his worry for Sherlock outweighed his need for slumber but that did not bother him much since he was not tired in the first place. The sun was setting, and he decided that Sherlock should have something in his stomach. In slow, careful movements, he rose from the bed and tip-toed his way out of the room. Thankfully, Sherlock didn’t even stir. When John made his way downstairs, he checked the cupboards for anything that could be thrown together and cooked quickly so that he wouldn’t leave the man unattended for long. He used the very last bit of their ham and bread, making small portions of the meat on bread. It was nothing much, but paired with a cup of tea, it would do. He heard Sherlock groan from upstairs and immediately made his way up to their room and found Sherlock sitting up, coughing dryly and loud.
“There is no need to be ashamed, my dear John.”
John swallowed hard and attempted to return the smile.
Sherlock closed the book and initiated eye contact with John.
He prepared himself, he was going to make a complete and utter fool out of himself and in front of John out of all people. He was not far from the flat, if he had to make an estimation of time, he would be approximately twenty minutes away from Baker Street. He sighed, he was not very attentive when he was absorbed in his thoughts. He turned around and began walking in the direction from which he came.
“I’ll bet he goes up to his flat and wanks off to the thought of em’, you sick bastard.”
Silence filled the room.
He frowned. Friends he did not have but he had learned to ignore the ache in his chest, the void that had yet to be filled. Mycroft did little to heal Sherlock’s loneliness, but he soon realized that he was not what Sherlock needed. During his adolescent years, he discovered that the effects of injecting cocaine helped to numb the pain of his isolation.
He threw the fork down on the plate, making a loud clatter.
“And do you think that I will not miss you?”
“No? What about Isaac?”
He sat him at the table in the dining room. Sherlock placed books on the table, leaving the other to stare at him in amusement. When Sherlock was finished, he opened up each book, one was The Bible, the other was The Complete Works of Shakespeare, and  the others were children’s books and novels that bore suitable names for his colleague.
Sherlock looked as if he wanted to protest but he sighed and grabbed John’s hand, getting himself up off the bed walking with John to the kitchen. He seated himself while John served him his food.
“Open the windows, John!”
“Is there not enough air in here? I’ll open a window.”
They reached the flat and Sherlock paid while John hurried up the stairs and into the building. Before Sherlock could do the same, he was stopped by Inspector Lestrade.
John smiled.
With slow, menacing strides, Moriarty walked over to John’s chair and Sherlock tensed as the pale hand hovered above John’s shoulder before finally retreating. He was walking over to him now, Sherlock steeled himself as Moriarty bent down to meet his eyes.
She nodded and picked the tray up.
“John, you must understand, I’ve gone through the same process whilst creating you. Were there stages in the creation process that I have found in poor taste? Absolutely, but I do not regret it for a moment, because now, and it brings me much pleasure to say, I love your company.”
“Watson!” Sherlock blurted out. He cursed himself for not giving John a last name all those weeks ago. Thomas did not mind Sherlock’s interruption, and John graciously accepted the man’s hand. The two gave a firm handshake.
Sherlock clenched his fist and nodded. “I know Sebastian, I know. Now go, be off and go to John. If he asks for me...distract him, do not tell him where I went. That is all I ask.”
John’s brows rose in excitement. This was the first time Sherlock had ever made a roast. He could not fight the smile that came to his face as John hurriedly lifted the lid of the tray, the aroma of succulent meat wafting out into the room. He cut a piece for Sherlock and then a rather large one for himself.
He threw his clothes on and gave John one last glance before walking out of the flat. It felt odd to be alone, especially outdoors. He had become so used to John’s presence, that he had forgotten what is was like to be by himself. He smiled at the thought, to finally be able to forget the isolation and the loneliness, it felt like heaven. How long would the feeling last? This might be the last time he could ever see John asleep in their bed, so peaceful, so soft. Then again, Sherlock did not have to do this, he did not have to leave the embrace of his love. He could have laid there with him until the coppers came storming in and arrested the both of them. No, what was he thinking? He had to do this, it would be better to keep this as discreet as they possibly could before all of England knew about it. He owed John that much.
“...If you must know how it was done...then fine. I shall tell you, I shall tell you all that you need to know.”
Sherlock’s hands roamed up and down his back, rubbing over the crescent indentations on his shoulder blades to sooth the sting. “Better than I ever imagined. Even though,” He whispered, twitching experimentally around John which turned out to be a mistake with how over sensitive they were both getting. “Sorry.”
John had the look of a man faced with a difficult position but eventually nodded and rose from his spot on the floor. He extended his hand to Sherlock, who accepted it graciously. Before they went to their room, Sherlock turned around and said, “John will fetch you a blanket and there is a pillow resting behind you that you may use.”
John Watson. He kept him right.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “He has been left alone? Moriarty is not here?”
“It doesn’t bother you?” He cursed himself for saying those words before thinking. Sherlock placed the pencil down and looked over at John.
“Why must you always fight me on such menial things? I wish to help you, why won’t you accept it?”
“I wonder what he would have concluded such a note with. No doubt it caused him great pain to record his thoughts down on paper, I imagine that he was quite...fragile at the time of writing this letter.”
John did as he said but it was no use. They were both stuck in the uncomfortable chairs. Sherlock closed his eyes and dropped his head. How were they to get out of this? He whipped around and searched for anything that might cut the rope. Sharp wood, A shard of glass, anything with a sharp edge would free him from this dilemma. Before he could even find anything, he heard voices nearing them, no, just one voice. John was directly in front of the entrance, and Sherlock had to be sure that no harm would come to him.
John’s smile nearly betrayed just how elated he felt. He was tempted to stretch his smile to its very limit, but decided against it. He pulled Sebastian into a hug and was worried that if he let go, Sebastian would merely fade away and leave him even more melancholic than before. He did not miss the way the man nuzzled into his neck. The only other person to do this was Sherlock, but for a reason other than Sebastian’s. When they pulled away, Sebastian looked inside of the shop and then around the area and stared at John with a frown.
Thank you all so much for your patience and we promise that we try very hard to fit this into our busy schedules. Big thank you to my co-author for helping me with this!
-------
Even in this dire situation, John managed to reduce Sherlock to a blushing mess. He moved to untie John’s legs, and swiftly caught John before he was able to sink to the floor. Throwing one arm over his shoulder, Sherlock was able to support John.
John and Thomas looked at him. He stepped out from behind John and puffed his chest . John blushed, he learned that by seeing John trying to seduce Sherlock. Sebastian’s hands were clenched and he had a look in his face that John had never seen before. God he looked intimidating - was this what Moriarty was trying to turn him into?
“So then where are you off to? Something has peaked your interest and I do believe I am well within my right to know what it is.”
John’s lips pulled into a small smile. No mockery, nor playfulness, in his bearing - only love. He rubbed Sherlock’s arms and then encouraged him to turn over, which Sherlock obliged. Again anxiety surged through his sore body at the thought of what was to happen. To his surprise, John only began to rinse the soap from his curls.
Mycroft never did care for rain - an unlucky lot for a man residing in England.  Had he not been burdened with running the British government, Sherlock suspected he would permanently inhabit warmer climates.  Sherlock knew that Mycroft chose his career because it was one of their mother’s dying wishes.
“I think we’ve come to an understanding so now I permit your leave.”
“I would not have asked if I knew you now would I?”
Sherlock could not formulate a response in time.
John only smiled and kissed Sherlock lightly on the lips. An action that still sent tendrils of turmoil and battling emotions through Sherlock.
“N...ot…”
He had done the one thing that he sought to prevent. All the time he spent running so that he did not hurt John anymore than he already had. He broke John’s heart, he was just too polite to tell Sherlock that he had done it. Sherlock closed the journal and placed it down on the table. He pressed his hands to his face. Why was he such a failure? Why did Mycroft waste his youth caring for his useless brother?
John’s eyes lit up at the gentle voice in which Sherlock spoke.
That night he did not take supper, his minimal appetite reduced to nothing by sorrow. Instead, he retired to bed after his bath though he knew slumber would not grace him. Mycroft would have given two knocks at the door as a sign that he was going to bed as well, but there was no noise in the manor that night, none besides the muffled sounds of Sherlock's sobs.
“I am terribly sorry, sir…” He was met with the sight of Sebastian yet again.
Sherlock’s legs started wobbling as he read the inscription. He would have given Mycroft a better epitaph but he remembered his brother scoffing at the idea years before he died. Sherlock knelt down and gave the smooth tombstone a few strokes.
“Of course not.”
“It is fine, I shall complete this task on my own.”
“Oh Mycroft, this pain, I cannot tolerate it any longer! I am so utterly and bitterly alone and I long to be freed from the state! I will do it, I shall take on the task.”
“Mr. Watson.”
The lack of an answer only confirmed his inquiry. Moriarty laughed and Sebastian shivered.
Sherlock looked down and saw that John was finished mending his wrist, he was only holding onto it for comfort now. He smiled and continued on with his thoughts. “Surely you witnessed this in the laboratory. He was hostile whenever I came into contact with him, but you, you are the exception it seems.”
Sherlock scoffed at his own thoughts. Love John? He did not love him. He could not.
Sherlock seemed relieved at her answer. To return to the manor, only to find that his brother’s belongings had been meddled with would have been distressing indeed. Sherlock had missed the way Mrs. Hudson stared at him.
“You see, years ago, a boy was murdered. As you might have guessed, this child went by the name of Carlton Powers. He...drowned, and many suspected it was an accident. A clumsy child who veered too close to the lake’s edge…”
He moved to the other side of the body and started to attach the right arm. Sherlock was slower this time, he thought that if he was gentle enough, the sutures would not be so messy. Every so often, Sherlock would halt his work and stare at the face that would soon belong to his only friend. He removed one hand from underneath the half-finished arm and reached up to stroke the creature’s face. He figured talking to a man who was not awake was better than keeping his thoughts to himself so he confesses quietly to feeling lonely at Baker Street. With one last stroke, he resumed stitching, done with the arm down moments later.
“Tonight, my dear John, there will be a storm!”
“What if I had told you that they acted in such a vile way because they detest me?”
“You were in the cemetery, yeah?”
Sherlock seemed reluctant to restate himself at first, but took a deep breath and said, “You may call me Sherlock. Mr. Holmes makes me sound more like my brother than I would like.”
Sally crossed her arms, expression incredulous, why would she trust him? Sherlock didn’t know how to prove it to her, but he would get her to speak regardless. Perhaps that simpleton Anderson would tell him of things that she would not.
“John you needn’t rush over, I am only removing my coat. You are free to do the same.”
“I would...if only you would let me help, Sherlock.”
“We will stop Moriarty, and Thomas, and we will take Sebastian and go...go anywhere -  Baker Street, Paris - where we can be ourselves...I will even travel overseas if you wish it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched and he set the food down once again. His hands steepled under his chin, a frequent pose.
Sherlock set the paper down, tears running down his face. The letter he held in his hands was the last document that Mycroft had ever written. How painful it must have been for him, to rise from his bed in the brutally cold room, and to write down his last wishes, his goodbye for Sherlock all the while dying slowly.
There were a few moments of silence that passed between them before Sherlock decided to tell John the schedule for the remainder of the day.
Thomas smiled sadly. “He has passed on months ago now. You are in no immediate danger, I assure you. I am off to meet my friend now, I shall inquire about your release and if it is granted, do whatever you please.”
“We are home, Sherlock!”
“I heard the shouting. When I came to the window, I saw you on the ground. I could not sit by while you were attacked, Sherlock.”
Mycroft.
Sherlock shook his head before he even found the words to respond.
“How did he look?”
“Do forgive this sudden announcement, but I shall be taking my leave of the manor for some time.”
“Beg pardon?”
“John!” Sherlock shouted suddenly. The sound of a whistle was heard and another stranger, a policeman this time, came and broke up the fight between John and the aggressors. John had a face like thunder, and tried to free himself from the policeman’s grasp.
“What would you have me say? Would you care to hear every sordid detail of how you came to be? It does not matter anymore, John! You are here now, and you are with me, and I with you.”
“Lestrade, please, do call me Sherlock.”
“Do you recall our conversation three days ago? Of how we were to wake our dormant man upstairs?”
“John! If you are choosing to ignore me, then I have no right to stop you, but know that I am terribly sorry for my poor reaction to our...whatever you deem it.”
In the time that came after Sherlock named John, it seemed that he could not stop saying the other’s name. John was riddled with curiosity, he wandered about the flat examining and touching everything that became the object of his interest. Sherlock did not mind at first, if he was to live here, it would only seem fit that he have the right  to get accustomed to his surroundings. Of course, John’s attention went toward some of the more dangerous things around the flat as well, such as the fireplace. Sherlock had dashed to his room to grab his blue silk dressing gown. He had not been clothed when John came to life, and forgot about his inappropriate state of dress whilst searching for a name with his companion. Upon his return, he found John crouched down in front of the fire, with a hand that hovered dangerously close to the flames, likely seeking the warmth.
After a moment of silence, he heard John’s soft whispers of “Sherlock”. Sherlock let out a laugh of relief.
John nodded, going for Sherlock’s buttons now so he could finally get his hands on that pale skin. “We will learn together. You know I have never done this before either. I only know that I want you in the most intimate way possible.”
Sherlock wanted it to continue. They were in their flat, everything was fine, was it not?
John pulled up to rest his forearms on either side of Sherlock’s head so he could watch that ethereal face, take in the look of utter pleasure. He began to move his hips faster, thrusting into the tightness of Sherlock’s arse so that he could push in as deep as possible.
“Sherlock...I’ve...well I’m not quite sure what it is, but I cannot tire of you. It is impossible for me to ever grow weary of seeing your face when in fact that is all I look forward to in the mornings.”
Sherlock gave him a curt nod but he could not help but worry. He kissed John three times already. He had gone against everything Mycroft said. He did not want to think of about it.
“Tonight will be the night, John!”
Faster than they could have anticipated, a bolt of lightning shot into the attic. As Sherlock had planned, the rods absorbed the electricity which was lead directly to the body with copper wire. However Sherlock had underestimated the sheer magnitude and the light that was emitted from the impact was blinding. Sparks flew and soon Sherlock was pulled to the floor with John covering him, his heartbeat so loud in his ears that he heard nothing else.
“We are in a church, boy, I should think that prayer is not uncommon here.”
“Why would you?”
“You must sleep, Sebastian.”
“Good evening, Master Holmes. Would you like for me to run you a hot bath?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John!”
He picked it up and read the writing.
John yawned and shook his head.
John’s brows furrowed as he wrapped Sherlock’s injured wrist.
“One thing at a time, my dear John.”
“John!” Sherlock moaned. He sounded no better than a reanimated corpse.
Sherlock laughed, he’d much prefer to laugh compared to all the days he spent crying. He nodded and said it again, just to be sure that John got it.
“.... Sebastian?”
His voice trailed off after the words left his mouth. Mycroft was not able to finish his letter to Sherlock, this, the last thing that would ever be written to him by his brother was incomplete. He could imagine what more Mycroft had wanted to say to him. He had already advised him from being with another man, he told him that he was mean because he loved him, and apologized many times over for not being there for Sherlock when he began his drug usage. He nestled his face into the crook of John’s arm and sighed.
“Sleep is what keeps us breathing, love.”
“Please, sit.”
The carriage stopped and John peered out of the window. “Is this our destination, Sebastian?”
The Irish accent. The faint grey in the man’s beard. That smile. Sherlock was sent back to all those weeks ago, back in that awful, cold, wet church with that man sitting beside him. Thomas Banville. Sherlock could not return the happiness that Thomas was showing in being reunited with him. He had only brought sadness and pain, things that Sherlock had tried to leave back at the manor.
As if surprised, Sherlock could only stare at John as the man spoke so openly of things Sherlock had never heard before said about him. If Sherlock had heard this between any other couple, he would have waved his hand in annoyance and disgust at such sentimental poetry, but now he was frozen in awe. He could feel his cheeks warming further, heart beating faster in his chest.
“Let me.”
Sherlock’s conclusion: She would be greatly affected by his passing, but she would learn to manage the pain, and she would move on.
He allowed John to remove his waistcoat and unbutton his shirt. He loved John so much. It was not until he felt John’s hand linger too close to his groin that he pushed the man away. There, upon John’s face, was the look of rejection and confusion. Why did Sherlock let him do that? Why didn’t he stop it sooner? Why? Why? Why?
“You are beautiful, Sherlock.” He breathed. He kissed Sherlock’s cheeks and then watched as the man rose from the bed, gathered the plates and left the room. John lifted up the covers and got comfortable while Sherlock returned their dinner plates. When he did come back, Sherlock smirked and crossed his arms. “Are we ready for bed now, Mr. Watson?”
Sherlock repeated the sentence like a chant but he could not bring himself to believe it. He had only been with John for a short number of weeks but he could not bare the thought of being without John already. He could not go a day without admiring the features on John’s body which he so painstakingly pieced together. He loved it when they woke up on the floor together, heads touching, and the fire dying in front of them. He looked forward to teaching John a new word, or showing him a new book, or even listening to him read. Tears made their way down his cheeks.He apologized to Mycroft, he apologized to himself, but he knew now, he understood, why he held such affection and admiration towards John.
True to her word, she returned twenty minutes later and inspected the dish as if her life depended on it. Once she saw that he really did eat the food, she gave him a smile.
“The Consumption was in his lungs, thus making it a highly contagious disease. The doctor had bid me caution, but had not forbade my presence. It was Mycroft who did not allow me to see him. He claimed that it was for my sake as well as the family’s in the event we both found our demise in sickness. I became so angry, John, so bitter, so...dejected. Why would he do such a thing to me? Why would he cast me away like that? I hated him, positively detested him, I hated him because he would let me suffer to save face. He died the day before Christmas. I am told his last words were, ‘Tell him I am sorry.’”
Sherlock relinquished the dishes over to John, who seemed satisfied that he had worn Sherlock down enough to allow him to help. Sherlock took a seat upon the couch. The sound of the dishes clattering, John’s little hums of nothing - Sherlock could swear they were a thousand miles away. All that mattered to him was that cafe. The one that was directly under the sun, where the people greeted him with smiles and did not roll their eyes at the sight of him, even if they did not like him. The cafe where that lovely young man with the chestnut hair and honey-colored eyes worked. The cafe that Sherlock could never go back to because there was no more sun, no more smiles, and that young man was no longer lovely.
John removed the cover to unveil his suit. Sherlock wondered if his face would become stuck in that smile that he wore. He was ecstatic, to say the least.
Sorry for the slow updates. School has begun again and I am drowning in AP work, as well as other extra curricular. Not to mention that my beta, the lovely Chanolay, is a very busy woman!
“When will you understand that you are no longer alone?”
“Not until you promise me, Sherlock.”
The room was warm and, John had to admit, the thought of the bath was quite inviting. He sat Sherlock down on the edge of the tub and began to disrobe him without a word.
John spoke this time. “The body does not make a man, sir Thomas, it is the heart. And do not tell me that you have none, you were good friends with Sherlock’s brother, how could you turn on him so effortlessly for a psychopath?”
Of course both men knew that their relationship was wrong in the eyes of society, that they could never reveal their inclinations to the public, but here in their home, nothing could dull the love the two men felt for each other anymore.
She knew that he could not remain here, not until he was positive that he would be able to spend one night without reminding himself of Mycroft.
“Oh? Does he sleep in often?”
The man looked over at John, as if he was looking for approval on his face. Sherlock tapped John on the back, signalling John to nod or in the very least give some reply.
“We promise that he is a helpful young man. He is strong, rarely falls ill, and did I mention he is a young man that can help you with chores?”
“I fear that I have lost Mrs. Hudson’s respect.”
“I do, but I do not slumber for long. You often wake during the night.”
Thomas smirked and took another sip of his whiskey. He would need a refill soon.
“You are perfect; you realize?”
“I know, Sherlock, I know.”
There was no reaction or response. Sherlock decided that he would not like to be called such a name. He flipped to the Shakespeare book.
“I should not be so invested in such idle fantasies.”
John’s hand clenched into a fist at that. Thomas was trying to get a rise out him, and it worked, despite himself he wanted to hurt the older man. Sebastian stopped him before he could actually inflict any damage on him.
The tips of his mouth curled to form a small smile. He found it silly to be moved by such meaningless things - Mycroft would scoff at the childish idiocy. The very nature of stars was to shine. Should the lamps in the street ever die, the bright dots of the heavens would provide what was their natural service to expanses farther than Sherlock could ever comprehend.
“I consider it self-defense. Do you think that anyone would have told Powers to stop? To leave the Irish boy be? You are no genius if you think it so.”
“I am aware, Sherlock, but you must eat something or your illness will only worsen.”
“Another symptom of feeling unwell, no doubt.”
John looked down. He got his answer. Sherlock cared deeply about the new man they were creating but he choose to not dwell upon it and to forced himself to believe that he did not care. He was not cold, and as John spent more time with him he realized that Sherlock was a man who loved too much. He loved with a heart that John was sure belonged to no other in the world, even though he knew no more than three people outside of Baker Street, he was sure that Sherlock Holmes was a rare sort and it made him proud to love him, to have him wholly to himself. In no time, he was over at Sherlock’s side and rubbing gentle circles on his back. He winced each time Sherlock sniffled or let out a choked sob.
“Do you think that I have mastered such an intimate act, Sherlock? I am just as new to this as you.”
“We will think of something, I am sure. Moriarty is human, just as you are, he can be killed just like anyone else.”
Moriarty would return, and he would ruin their lives, if the authorities did not do it first. Who was to say that the villain hadn’t already informed the police of their “scandalous” lifestyle? How would they defend themselves against all of Scotland Yard as well as the English court? He would defend John to the death, literally, if the need arose. None of this was John’s fault; he did not know that a relationship such as theirs was illegal and frowned upon. It was Sherlock, the selfish one out of the two, who put John in such a position. He would rather see himself clapped in irons than John. Sherlock had nothing to live for anyway, John; however, John had everything to live for.
“Sherlock, who might this be?” John asked.
“I jest. What’s your name, lad?”
“Pardon?”
“I am sorry to have brought up a rather somber thought but I only inquired to discover what you would do to occupy your time during those unfortunate months.”
Sherlock moved from John’s embrace to stare up at the man with eyes red-rimmed. He managed to halt his tears, but that was only because he was in the process of shifting moods. He felt betrayed at the moment. She had no right to keep such a personal item from him. It was his brother’s, she should have presented the letter the day of Mycroft’s passing, or even upon Sherlock’s return from Mycroft’s funeral. How long had she waited to give it to him? Why did she not call the flat to inform him of it? He specifically remembered telling her that she was to call if only there was an emergency in the manor. He would have considered this an emergency.
“Master Holmes!”
“I must clean this up, Sherlock.”
“John, we have been in each other’s presence constantly for the past few days. Have you not gotten tired of looking at me?” Sherlock’s deep baritone broke the silence, eyes cracked open to look upon his flatmate. A corner of his lips was pulled up, accompanying the teasing tone of his voice.
Sebastian bit his lip. Moriarty was a cruel man, and he wanted to flee, to be rid of him forever, to go to John and Sherlock and leave with them.
“Who are you?” Sherlock snarled.
~~~~~~
“I do hope you’ll find what you are looking for.”
“Do you understand me?”
“Does this man have a name?” It was not Moriarty, seeing as how the man was no more than a few years older than Sherlock himself. What Irishman caught Lestrade’s eye?
“John! And how was your rest?” Mrs. Hudson was ever the brilliant actress.
“What is this? Why John, how are you still able to move?”
Moriarty bent down and began to unbutton John’s shirt. The humiliation on John’s face nearly brought Sherlock to tears. Moriarty stared at the scars on John’s chest, on his left shoulder, around his neck. He gaped at him as if he were a scientific marvel. It sickened Sherlock to his very core to see John subjected to such embarrassment, to be reduced to this. Sherlock shook in his chair hoping that maybe he could be free of his bindings so he could save John. He would not be able to tell John the origin of his life. No being could be able to hear a story like that.
John turned his attention to the waiting man and slowly moved to grab the hand. His body tensed once their hands began to move. Sherlock let out a slight gasp. It was indeed a handshake. Was he attempting peace with John?
It was on a rainy night when their feelings finally brimmed over the edge.
“Are you two...you are not...involved with this man, are you Sherlock?”
The end of our journey!
He could cry if he wanted to. No one would notice. They would mistake it for the rain drops that were already sliding down his face. No one else could see his sadness. No one else cared. The other attendees were huddled together away from him. They stared at the black wood with straight faces but Sherlock knew better. They did not feel any sorrow towards his brother’s passing. They were all acquaintances that Mycroft had made in his line of work and nothing more. These people were here for the sake of propriety, not reasons to do with sentiment. Sherlock wanted them to leave but then he realized that if they did, there would only be him left there, and the last thing he needed was to be alone.
He looked back over at this work; Half done, far from complete. He was tired and longed for the comfort of his pillow and blanket, but sleep could wait. He wanted results and the sweet relief of solution.
“I am terribly sorry, John... I’m….I must retire now.”
“SHERLOCK!”
-----
“You’ve not enough meat on your bones, Sherlock! I’ve made enough food for John so that you may have extra helpings. I do not like the thought of you skipping your meals.”
“Where are you going, Sebastian?”
He stayed in the bath for an hour before he decided that it was time to get out. His fingers and toes had pruned, and Mrs. Hudson had always made it a point when he was a child to say that whenever that happened, he was to get out immediately. He drained the water, dried himself off, and put on his nightwear. He exited the bathroom to find John laid out on the couch, dozing off. He smiled and walked over to his companion, drawing his fingers through short blond locks.
John stopped, took a deep breath, and then said again, “Not.”
“It has everything to do with you. Had you not gone off and told Moriarty about us, we would have been able to live as we see fit, and Moriarty would have never intruded upon our lives.”
of their home.
“I am not proud of what I did, John, but I am proud that it resulted in you. For a better man, I have never known.”
“I will, but not in the way I missed you both.”
His eyes prickled at the sound of John’s voice being so soothing, caring. It was like the night after he woke and John coaxed him into putting on the robe. He sniffed and wiped away the tears furiously, he would not disappoint Sherlock, and he would not worry John any more than he already was.
Siger quipped, "I am not so sure your brother had a lot of bugs in his apartment as well, but he still managed to get attacked in his apartment and it even got blown up once. So yes I doubt it is completely for our safety."
John had a slight frown, “the shirt is staying on.” He didn't really like the shoulder scar. He also didn’t like how the other volunteers said that the rest of his body would more than make up for the scar. They weren’t the ones who had to live with it every single day. Honestly this was public health why was everyone so set on being shirtless, isn't there laws against exposed nipples in lab settings.
She also has multiple hits on her record of attacking people perpetrating violence on her classmates, he almost feels like she was just finding a socially acceptable way of enacting violence, there was just too many of those hits to be considered just being in the right place at the right time. He laughed that one of the attacks involved putting caused permanent damage to a flasher because he flashed her and her clubmates when they were 11, she used a field hockey stick, medical records showed a remarkable amount of damage that a small child probably could rarely do. Another one involved her at 12, sending a male classmate who was taking up-skirt photos of her peers to the hospital with a broken jaw because she pulled the film roll out and made him eat the film and when he refused she stomped his face in. At 13, she broke the fingers of a boy who wouldn't stop touching girls at her Sunday school class. At 14, she sent a man to the hospital in a coma, because he groped a classmate at a bus stop, she pushed him into the road where he hit his head.  At 15, she killed a man who was in the middle of trying to kidnap an 8 year old girl, she saw this on a train platform and while other people ignored the scene. She pulled the girl away from the man and kicked him into the path of an oncoming train. Further investigation into her claims that the man was trying to kidnap the child eventually lead to breaking a human trafficking ring. That was her last run in with the police, and the psychiatrists she saw were all convinced that she expressed genuine remorse for all off her actions. Mycroft looked at all the CCTV archives of the incidents, she did look like someone regretting her actions each and every time. So ultimately, the conduct disorder never got rediagnosed as Antisocial Personality Disorder.
"Oh g-d yes," said John as he started running his fingers through Sherlock's hair, occasionally gently tugging, he would occasionally run some gentle strokes down Sherlock's neck and would apply gentle pressure to his shoulders. John smiled as Sherlock moaned louder and threw his head back John could sense that Sherlock was struggling with being on the edge of an orgasm. "It's okay Sherlock, just let yourself relax and enjoy the feeling." He slowly leaned over Sherlock and kissed his shoulder and pulled at the collar of Sherlock's shirt so that he could kiss his neck as well.
“So who was that?” Said John looking around for the rude man who seemed to have disappeared.
"Well he is going to have to play some part of this, because this is a family wide effort and he needs to see Eurus as a person and not a prisoner or an asset," said Violet. "Anyways it might be good for you as siblings to give it a try to learn about each other together in a new environment."
"Okay John we'll be by at 5, tell Sherlock we send him love," said Violet.
“You know loneliness can contribute to relapse right?” Said John rather matter of factly, “why are you so invested because you are sounding like a big brother giving the ‘your break his heart, I break your neck’ speech.” He crossed his arms and smirked.
Sherlock felt slick dripping down his ass crack. John in all his chatting managed to open a packet of lube and was forcing the slick into sherlock’s tight hole. He shivered as John slapped his ass in a rather annoying way of handling excess slick in a not so discreet way. Sherlock let loose a little gasp when he was yanked back by his hair. He was being held flush against John’s body. He watched as John flicked the top of the popper off with one hand, still relishing the other hand tightly gripping his hair. He whimpered as John loosened his grip on his hair, and moaned as John started stroking his neck and cheek.
"Of course I am, but only if you want me to. I mean I am not exactly parenting material, but I really love taking care of Rosie. It's like...I just really like taking care of Rosie and I can't really see myself with anyone but you, John.  I love you and even with all we have been through I still love you. I may not be that affectionate or even that receptive to the love that comes my way. I do know that I love you. I mean I never dreamed that anyone could love me, so this is more than I ever expected for myself. I mean I don’t know how long this can happen, but I am going to enjoy for as long as I possibly can,” said Sherlock as he wrapped Rosie up in a towel and carried her out of the tub.
She left Toby with Sherlock, Toby rested at his feet. Sherlock smiled.
John pulled back his hips and thrusted back hard into Sherlock, “six.” He pulled back and adjusted his angle, and entered Sherlock again, this time Sherlock let out a loud yelp, “seven, I bet I found that sweet spot, didn’t I.” He placed a hand over Sherlock’s mouth, he started repeating the thrust that delivered full contact to Sherlock’s p-spot. He counted his thrusts, and occasionally tugged on Sherlock’s cock, each time continuing his count. Somewhere around 30; John could feel sherlock clenching around him. He delivered a hard thrust that drove Sherlock flat against the wall, and aggressively started to fuck him, knowing full well that Sherlock could easily acquire some road rash from the brick wall, and Sherlock would be feeling the burn for days afterwards. He felt Sherlock clench even harder and just as he was about to cum, John clamped his mouth firmly onto Sherlock’s shoulder delivering a rather painful bite.
William’s first crime... or sometimes medical staff are careless and small children can and will use that to their advantage.
“It’s right... wait where is it?” Said John as he looked around for his cane.
John sighed, “okay what’s the treat you want baby?”
"It is what it is," repeated John. "If it makes you feel better, your mother was giving Mycroft one hell of a scolding."
Sherlock who removed his button up shirt before getting Rosie into the tub was just in his trousers and undershirt was giving the distracted child a bath. He turned around and smiled at John, “oh don’t worry i’ve tested out the recipe, it doesn’t stain the tub.”
Sherlock peeked his head into the sitting room, and quickly withdrew. John and Sherlock shared a look, the kind you share wit another person when you are both sharing second hand embarrassment or anxiety for someone else. They weren't sure who they were feeling it for though.
Ella replied, "yes, also let me pull up the paperwork for a service dog, that way you can get on the list as soon as possible. And do you want me to sign an ROI so that you can bring it over to Daniel, if you decide to see him?"
When they were far away from their mother, they pulled over at a different gas station, Francis loaded the tank, while Scott changed Athina’s diaper and prepared her some milk, Blaze helped Aithne wash up in the bathroom. He bought his siblings a bunch of different snacks for breakfast. He found a payphone and attempted to call their dad, when his dad picked up, he sounded like a man who was absolutely defeated, it turned out mother left a suicide note before getting them all in the car, it talked about how she wanted them to be together always, and that it was the only way possible that they were going to stay together.  A police officer was sent to the gas station for a Wellness check on the kids, and the officer stayed with them. while their dad drove up to meet them in the town they ended up in and they went home.
"Toby is a girl?" Asked Sherlock.
John does the daddy thing and cleans up Sherlock post play session but Sherlock is feeling a little bit bratty.
Sherlock looked over at John, he wasn’t sure what kind of patch John was talking about because since his return, he went back to smoking cigarettes and the occasional vape pen. He looked at John with a slight bit of terror. It was one of his anti-nausea patches, the ones he was prescribed because even though it has been months he still has some side effect of the beatings he got from when he was away.
The Holmes parents smiled and in unison said, "thank you for this chance."
Sherlock looked at her, "yes Mrs. Hudson, I am okay, why does everyone always ask me that question?"
Mycroft sat in his house alone, he didn't really let it bother him, alone was good in his opinion. He didn't mind that people worried about his preference to be alone, he just wished they didn't wear it so obviously when they talked to him about it. He never thought himself to be lonely, he had other pursuits in life, he was just for the most part alone doing things. It was just easier for him that way. He didn't mind though he just didn't like to be asked. He sighed as he went through the events of today in his mind, and he just didn't like it, he lost control too many times and he found that unacceptable.
He sighed, he knew his parents were for once making an effort but he wasn't sure if this was going to be best choice. He sighed, and read farther into Dr. hunter's file. She was currently a faculty member at UCSF. According to her school records, she wanted to be psychiatrist, but couldn't complete her med rotations due to tactile difficulties caused by CIPA, she settled on still pursuing her doctorate in psychology and neurological biochem. He was curious as to why she moved to the US, but her visa records wasn't available on such short notice.
The divider rolled down, “if Mycroft is a drama queen, I must be the empress of drama,” said the older man John didn’t recognize.
Kayla nodded, "okay that's good. Also another helpful thing Toby can do is keep track of the closest exit and take you there if you need to get out of a space fast."
Mycroft nodded in acknowledgment, "okay we'll handle the question at a later date, and I'd say it was a good night but things went wrong."
John pulled out the shower shot. “Okay be a really good boy for your daddy, and I want you to hold it for as long as you can.” He rubbed Sherlock’s bulging stomach before moving downward to his cock. He stroked Sherlock’s cock slowly which caused Sherlock to loose a little bit of control meaning that water started to spray out of him. John noted that Sherlock was in need of another round of water and admired the small gape that Sherlock was still sporting. He then got an idea, he pressed the tip of his still hardening cock against Sherlock’s hole and started to take a piss.
“That’s true, darling,” said William as he leaned in to kiss his boyfriend.
Sherlock nodded, “you are the first person I kissed who I actually liked, when I said that this really wasn’t my area, I was telling the truth.”
“I know you would end him, dear,” replied Scott.
Mycroft frowned, he really didn’t want to know that about his brother, he handed Wiggins a print out from the cctv footage of Sherlock and his... friend.
“Yes, John get in there,” growled John, he grabbed the bottle of lube with his free hand and tapped it against John’s hand. “Get me ready for your big, fat cock,” he said as he let got of John’s head.
“Oh there you are, now we can really begin,” exclaimed John. As he pulled a couple of packets of lube out of Sherlock’s trousers, he paused, noticing a little brown bottle with a white label, mixed amongst the pocket’s contents. “Hmm so you like poppers?”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, "go ahead John, I keep records of observations of you and Rosie, so i appreciate the reciprocation."
He quickly called Willow, “Hey Willow, don’t get mad, what’s your legal name and your birthdate? Thanks!” William quickly opened the only file in the entire system related to Willow’s name. He quickly found the part of the record where it said, that Willow’s parents didn’t approve of the blockers and changed the answer to her parents giving approval.
John looked at Sherlock, "Sherlock, Kayla is here to train us on using Toby. We should probably go to the shops to get used to taking Toby in public. Also it is way to late to order anything to come in on time."
“Would you read it? Or would it just take out a lot of the thrills out of one’s life?” Said Sherlock, he closed his eyes and leaned back.
“Why thank you, Molly, this all looks delicious,” Said John smiling at Molly.
Kayla came up to them, "okay Sherlock, Toby. That was a fantastic. You are working together rather well."
And John did put up a fairly admirable resistance to their more painful aspects of sexual encounters, but eventually with a little help from Irene... who surprisingly was a trained psychologist who specialty in sexual dysfunction before she delved into the world of blackmail. So she actually was a very helpful person on all fronts of mediating between John and him. A sudden jolt of pain brought him back into the moment.
Crystal looked at Aithne, "I don't know if that is a good idea, you tend to isolate when focused and may I remind you of your habit of falling into 24/7 power dynamic relationships a little too easily. Maybe she can stay here that way you can limit your time with her."
Violet added "of course we'll take her after to the program. Where else do you think she is going to go?"
John didn't look to impressed with the idea.
But there was no denying she did set fire to her brother as a child (the investigation shows that she apparently threw a molotov cocktail at her brother while he was riding his mountain bike, the safety gear he was wearing bore most of the trauma, but he still had some scarring. the incident was enough for the Hunters to still place their daughter into a psych hospital.), and it was just too close to the time, Eurus drowned Victor and hurt Sherlock, what if they had some kind of shared delusion. The fact that Aithne and Eurus stayed in the same hospital ward, did indeed trouble him. It seemed that after the fire at the hospital, the Hunters took full custody of their daughter, her mother even gave up her career temporarily to try out some methods used on children with detachment disorder.  Which was not something Aithne seemed to like according to doctor’s notes, but she apparently got to a level of functioning that allowed for her to go to a mainstream school.
