Displays compulsive behavior, prone to self-destructive tendencies, and textbook narcissism – that was what she wrote.
“At this point, I’m really not sure, Greg,” Tony said, addressing the reporter. He, then, removed his glasses. Steve took a sharp breath.
He destroyed the arc reactor; it was the only way to stop him. He got up, helped Bucky, dropped his shield, left and never looked back.
But Steve knows better, now. He understands where Fury is coming from, now. He isn’t blind. He knows that Fury, amidst all the secrets and facades, cares deeply for the people who works with and for him. As for Tony, Steve thinks he holds a special place in Fury’s heart. Maria and Steve got to talking once, their conversation, somehow, led to Tony and Fury’s relationship. He distinctly remembers her smiling before saying:
“Steve, can I talk to you?” Pepper motioned for Steve to follow her and led him to the garage (aka Tony’s new workshop). “Here,” she said while handing Steve a piece of paper. “For someone who hoped that everything was going to work, Tony was very thorough with his goodbyes,” she said. “I’ll leave you to it, then,” she said before heading for the door. Steve didn’t know what to do or say to Pepper. He thinks that no words could ever explain how thankful and sorry he is to her. “Pepper, I –” he turned to look at her and saw her smiling softly at him. “I’m sorry,” his voice cracked. “One thing I learned in this life is that you should never be sorry for what you feel especially if it involves loving Tony,” she said before leaving him to his devices.
Steve knew it was wrong. Whatever he’s doing, now, he knows that he shouldn’t because Tony has Pepper and Morgan. He already accepted the fact that he couldn’t have him, not after everything they’ve been through; after all the lies, hurt, and betrayal, they’re finally rebuilding their relationship and slowly getting to where it was before (what the media dubbed as) their civil war.
“Let’s finish this mission,” he said, instead. This time, Natasha couldn’t hold back the snort. “Don’t change the subject, Rogers,” Steve just shrugged. “I’m not changing the subject, I just don’t want to answer you,” the red head assassin shook her head, not bothering to hide her smile. “Can’t wait for this to be done. I missed my bed, anyways,” she replied.
” she laughed at that. “It seems like an insult but he I knew it wasn’t because I heard him say it before – I can still remember how I felt after hearing it. Now, it just, it sounded fond.” Steve turned to look at Natasha and saw her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
. He was about to enter the communal kitchen of the Tower when he heard soft music playing in the background and someone’s voice — Tony’s.
No one heard from Tony until after 2 years when the Steve’s phone suddenly rang. She looked at Steve and saw him breathing hard. She couldn’t help but hope, maybe, they will finally fix their relationship. Steve looked at her, he looked scared. She always saw him staring at the phone, contemplating if he should call, typing and re-typing because he couldn’t find it in himself to send a text. She offered an encouraging smile and nodded.
He wasn’t supposed to say that. I mean, he is but that wasn’t the answer to Tony’s question. He was looking at Steve, now, eyes wide. Steve knew, then, that he had to say it again, clearly, sincerely, and confidently.
After Afghanistan, after Obadiah, he thought he’ll finally have a break. He thought that maybe, he will have peace but boy was he wrong. The world decided to kill him using his own tech.
They cautiously walked towards Thanos who looked at them from where he was seated. “You cannot live with your own failure, where did that bring you?” he asked. “Back to me,” he finished before standing up. He continued speaking but honestly, Tony stopped listening to him. He was busy thinking of a plan and ways of how this could go wrong. God, he couldn’t help but remember his conversation with Strange five years ago.
She saw Tony take something from his trunk – Steve’s shield. She saw Tony holding it up for Steve as he tried it on. Looking at them, now, Nat couldn’t help but wonder what could’ve been if Tony didn’t have Pepper and Morgan. She couldn’t help but wonder what if it was Steve and Tony who had a kid together but she didn’t want to entertain those thoughts because Tony’s happy. And no matter how much her heart aches for Steve, she can’t find it in herself to wish that they should’ve been together.
“Move, Steven,” he heard Thor say beside him. He opened his mouth, not a single word coming out. “This may be your last chance,” he added. Steve swallowed the lump in his throat as he forced himself to walk towards Tony. Pepper was there, she was already assuring him. “Hey,” he heard her say. “Pep," Tony murmured making Pepper smile. “FRIDAY,” Pepper said, asking the AI about how long Tony has. He assumes it’s short, based on her reply. “Tony, look at me,” she said with a small smile on her face. “We’re going to be okay,” she added. “You can rest now,” she finished before letting go of Tony’s hand and looking at Steve.
Steve frowned. Tony was holding a press conference in the Avengers compound. He was wearing a full suit with a silk red tie partnered with sunglasses. He was flashing his press smile – the smile that means he’s ready to battle the vultures in front of him.
But what made Tony cry was when she told him about Auntie Nat. How she teaches her to braid her hair, do ballet, and punch – still not sure if he approves of the last one. He always told Morgan that violence was never the answer. Then he saw Nat. She was giving him a pursed smile and he sobs because his friend is alive. The friend he thought he would never see again is here in front of him, smiling like nothing ever happened. Natasha sat at the edge of the bed before wiping Tony’s tear-streaked cheek, “I think someone accidentally brought me back,” she whispered. “Don’t think it was,” he responded before pulling her in a hug.
Steve thinks to himself, no need. This is the suit that was made for him. It gives a sense of safety and misery.
“He never said anything bad about us,” she softly said after taking a seat beside him on the couch. “How long has it been going?” he could feel Nat’s gaze on him. “30 minutes.” Steve nodded his head before pursing his lips, “how many times has he apologized?” it took a while before Nat could answer him, “too many to count.”
He remembers working hard to earn back Tony’s trust. He remembers the first time he called him Steve instead of Rogers. He remembers the way his eyes shine when he sees something amazing. He remembers how Tony’s laugh makes his heart flutter, how his happiness brings him happiness. He remembers being a mess and crying himself to sleep while Tony held him and whispered I forgive you against his ear over and over again until it sank in. Yes, he forgives me. He remembers waking up and seeing Tony’s groggy smile, I love you, he said.
Tony pulled back from the hug and gave Peter a huge smile. “Come on, kid. We’ve got work to do,” he said before pulling his mask on and taking off. Tony was about to see go attack Thanos but stopped when he saw Strange. “Hey,” he said making the man turn to look at him. “You said one out of 14 million we win, yeah?” he asked but Strange only looked at him. “Tell me this is it,” he said. “If I tell you what happens, it won’t happen,” Tony can accept that so he nods, “You better be right,” he says before leaving.
“Language,” Steve weakly said making Tony laugh. “I would’ve understood, if you just told me,” he said. “I would’ve been pissed but I would still you, Steve, you know that.” And he did because at the end of the day, back then, Tony still came to help him. It was against what he believed but he still came. “Why couldn’t you just trust me on that?” Tony delivered it like he would a joke but Steve knew he was serious.
They sedated him after that. Steve just looked defeated. They were able to find Thanos, he was residing in another planet. They went there, they asked for the stones but he said it was gone.
His breathing slows and his muscles relaxes. He felt arms wrap around his waist and legs tangled with his. That’s when his brain caught up. Ah, I’m okay... I’m safe. He knows this because right now, he’s not encased in ice. He’s submerged in everything that is Tony Stark.
Steve should’ve probably met the person who said that. He should’ve been shouted at by said person until that wisdom was ingrained in his being.
“this is why you listen to us when we tell you to eat and drink on time, which you apparently blatantly ignored”
“Touch you where baby?” Tony made a distressed sound at that and Steve went back to whispering sweet nothings in his ear trying to drag this out for Tony because he wanted to make Tony feel like it lasted longer since he had been so embarrassed about it previously.
Tony's breathing was slowing down as the medicines took effect . There was soft knock on the door and Tony’s eyes shot open again and Steve groaned inwardly as he held on to Tony more firmly “just natasha” Tony said to himself and sighed his voice had dropped a pitch as he battled his eyes to stay awake.
“it’s more than okay!” He exclaimed wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and then Steve kissed him. Really kissed him.
“Tony come here next to me please”  tony looked up concerned from the sudden change in tone and walked over to the bed sitting on the edge
“where are you going?” he mumbled his voice thick from exhaustion. Steve was just surprised that Tony was still awake.
“you miss him?” steve didn’t want to know the answer to that but he knew he needed to hear it. He cannot control what Tony wants and he should have known better than to take charge of it. Tony looked at him silently not giving any indication of an answer and Steve understood.
“You can sleep baby, I will be right here” he said as he noticed Tony’s eyes drifting close as they both silently watched the nurse strip the bed after bandaging his chest once again.
“Who did it ?” She asked bluntly her fingers tightening around the water bottle as she realized Tony’s hesitation to defend obadiah.
“I remember you being the same way" bucky said smiling , eyes lost in the old days “your ma was always worried because you would never rest and with you being sick all the time ,it was a real concern.” Steve chuckled remembering
“I am still sleeping!” he grumbled and Clint snickered as he sat himself down across from Steve and everyone was handed one mug of , tea, obviously what else would Bruce make
“Okay now enough stalling tell me what happened” he asked and Steve pulled out his phone from his pocket setting it beside them.
“What are you afraid of honey?” he asked searching his face for any clues but Tony stubbornly shook his head no
Before steve could defend himself Clint spoke up and these moments were rare where Clint spoke with authority and a no nonsense tone and Steve has never been more glad he had these people.
“oh, are you okay now? Did we check his blood pressure?” he asked looking at the nurse after tony nodded his head yes.
“Why don’t you tell us what happened?” he asked looking between Steve and Bucky. But Steve hesitated and he knew the assassins caught that as he diverted the question to bucky.
Steve kissed the back of his head wondering how to apologize “I am sorry sweetheart, you told me you wanted to sleep and couldn’t so we thought maybe we could help you a little.”
Steve smirked and picked up the wrap again just waved to Bruce, “I’ll see you at lunch" he said grinning
Steve’s rational part of his brain knew he shouldn’t have a fixated on the word kissing, but it registered in his mind like a permanent stamp. He followed pepper into the men’s room and what he saw tore his heart apart.
Steve didn’t know if he wanted to hear the rest of what tony had to say. But he felt truly heartbroken on the inside , just by one sentence Tony had uttered. If he meant it or not.
“Thank you thor” Steve beamed at him and walked over to help him carry some of it. They quickly pulled everything apart and Steve sat down next to Tony with a bowl of soup.
“no, no touching” he said smacking at Steve’s hands “stop that I told you I am fine and nothing hurts”
Howard and bruce did this more often than not. Bruce usually does yoga or something and Howard used to drink his thoughts away and Steve had been there to pick up after him everytime.
He pulled them both up gently and kissed him , giving him everything he had and Tony relaxed into his arms and Steve wanted nothing more than to show him that Steve was going to be with him every moment he wants him there.
“Important huh? That’s why you couldn’t stop squirming in your seat?” he snorted and Steve stepped closer to Tony  ,Tony still oblivious to Steve’s intentions.
“I am truly sorry sir, this was not how any of us had intended for things to happen.” Steve said knowing obadiah was right.
“No I just need you here with me right now" he said or more like pleaded and Steve frowned as he rubbed his palm on Tony’s back
Tony sighed and repeated “yes okay Dr. Banner" placating and Steve gave an apologetic look to Bruce before trailing behind the teen carrying the microwave thing.
Tony just looked at him ,he seemed like he wanted to say something but didn’t know if he should. So Steve did instead
It was a peaceful summer break as far as Steve was concerned. Nothing too extravagant , and enough little things happening for it to not have been too dull. It was the perfect relaxing break he had needed before he had to manage a handful of raging teenagers again.
Tony rolled his eyes, a smirk playing on his lips as steve began the class. Twenty minutes in and Steve’s eyes landed on the brunette again, only to find him looking completely bored and out of his mind. Steve did take offence this time but he didn’t want to call him out just yet. He was the new kid after all, after all steve dies know how difficult it can be when things around you are very different from how you were used to.
Steve agreed with the reintroduction of Alpha and Pack Law it was what he had known in the 1930s and 40s, so it had been easy to voice his support.  The Omega Registration Bill in its full radical form was more difficult voice genuine enthusiasm for, Bucky had always told him he was a shit liar.  It was easier to physically display through his complete dominant treatment of his omega his acceptance, he was only thankful that Tony was a total masochist and that most of their kinks aligned. Fury had been adamant that he could not let Tony know any information about the mission, he was a civilian and any way Steve was going to bond and breed him regardless of the whether he accepted the assignment or not.
Pepper felt split in half, battling against the familiar alpha voice in her head that wanted to attack Bruce for daring to used has voice in her and this new beta alpha voice that whispered that it was right that she submit and follow this higher Alpha’s orders.  She was lost when Natasha used her own Alpha voice.
, on auto pilot he crossed over to the table picking up the mug breathing in the familiar aroma of the forbidden substance.  God what he wouldn’t give for just one mouthful of the dark black liquid, the smell alone had him practically drooling. Sitting down he hugged the mug close and just breathed in the scent.  Just one mouthful would be fine no one would be any the wiser, raising the mug he took a cautious sip after quickly glancing around to make sure no one was about.
“That’s it, baby boy, ride Daddy’s cock, you make me so happy when you behave and don’t make any fuss.  You want to please me don’t you baby?  Have my cock stuffing your special hole day and night, filling you up with my special milk.  Your boy cunt belongs to me, as does every other part of you.”
With a jerk he withdrew still pumping cum but this time all over Tony’s face and chest.  He rubbed it into Tony’s skin even over the arc reactor, now there was no part of Tony’s body inside or out that had not been marked by the Alpha.
Steve strode into the workshop, dripping sweat and looking sexy in his sweats and tank top. Tony could feel his hole clench round his plug as he scented his Alpha’s musk. His face flushed red as he met Steve’s knowing eyes.
He is sitting resting on the bench after finishing his own workout when he sees Steve over  by the free weights, his eyes are drawn to the huge muscles straining as he lifts the weights, sweat running down his bare chest, tracksuit bottoms hang low on his hips.  Tony knows he should stop staring, he can feel his wayward cock stirring as Steve bends over and he gets a view of his tight butt cheeks. He zones out for a moment, only to find that Steve is now standing directly in front of him and he is eye level with his crotch. Stammering some nonsense about a board meeting he all but runs from the gym, hiding his erection with his Stark-pad.
Tony groaned remembering his burning ass and knew that it would be worse this time Steve dragged him up and draped him over his lap and rained down swat after swat all over his ass. Legs and arms pinned there was no room to move and try to evade the blows each swat seemed harder than the last his butt cheeks and the tops of his thighs burned and throbbed with pain.
Natasha was beyond pissed, it had all gone to hell, thankfully Bruce had acted quickly, and they had a chance of getting Steve’s omega back. Steve had needed five hours in the Cradle to fix the damage to his throat, he was furious at the loss of his omega, only the knowledge that Bruce had been transported along with his omega had stopped him from going completely feral, as it was he was in the training room beating the shit out of everything, she knew that he was going to want a hole to fuck and take his frustration out on, so had sent Happy to retrieve Pepper from her office. She was going to get Natty ready for use as well, Steve was bound to break Pepper at some stage tonight.
With Jane he had burned her vocal cords, she could make soft sounds but an attempt to shout or scream was torture to her scarred vocal cords.  Her bony, skinny body would never survive the hounds, so he injected fat building tissue to key points, so that she would have some meat on her bones for when the hounds mounted her.
The sudden emptiness was shocking he was bereft and lost, he didn’t want to lose the feeling of completeness.
“How would you help me Betty? It would have to be on a special way as I have a White House full of staff to do my bidding.”
“Mr Stark there is nothing to discuss your Alpha and I have arranged everything, agreements have been reached and contracts drawn up and signed.  All legalities have been dealt with, all that remains is for us to sign this document dissolving my guardianship Alpha status and freeing me to get on with more important matters.”
His visit with Pepper had not gone so well, Friday had alerted him that she had been looking for ways to break his conservatorship and his bond on the grounds that Tony had been coerced and was suffering from post- partum depression at the time.
He bought his hand down over and over until the omega’s backside and thighs were bright red and he could feel the heat coming of the skin.  His cock sunk into the puffy hole with ease and his could feel his anger and stress disappearing with each hard thrust, his cock hardening with each shout and cry from the bound omega.  There was no way he was going to give up on having Stark as his omega, it felt right to have the omega beneath him and skin burning with his marks.  He gave into the urge to knot the quivering omega who was now whimpering and whispering his name, begging him to stop. It was to late, his knot popped as his cum painted Stark’s tight hole.
Frigga has protected him to some extent during his punishment but eventually even she could not prevent Thor for getting his way. Odin had finally given Loki to Thor after three years of constant badgering on his part. Thor had proceeded to have Loki’s magic tamed, the runes covering his skeletal frame syphoned the majority of his magic strength away to be stored in Mjolnir, leaving only some healing magic and the ability to transform partially or fully in to his Juton form although in a weakened state.  Thor had a definite kink for fucking him in his ice giant form, incredibly turned on that he was subduing and fucking an Alpha.
His most favourite time was the hour he got to sit in the forge, watching and talking to the Black Smith.  He pouted to no avail at not being allowed to work, a failed attempt at wielding the Black Smith’s large hammer and a harsh spanking as punishment made him realise, he was to small and weak to use his tools.
Placing her legs in the stirrups he quickly pushed in the speculum, opening it wide so that he could inject the hormone patch high up in her cervix.
Pepper and Steve had been expecting this request and after much discussion had decided on tailoring the classic good cop bad cop routine to fit their needs.
“Captain, I can see that you are on the verge of entering your mating rut, I think that your omega would be much more comfortable if you both went to your bonding suite.  Tony congratulations, you are going to make a wonderful omega mate for our Alpha.”
“Hush now and eat your cake, you don’t want Natasha to be upset that you are not enjoying her baking.  Just relax and allow each member of your Pack to feed you a piece of cake and then they will scent your wrist.  We will repeat the process until your scent is firmly intertwined with the Pack, there will be no mistaking that you belong to the Avengers Pack.”
We will get to the Portal site and wait for Natasha, if she does not arrive then l can only assume, she did not make it. I am not going to jeopardize your safety any longer, the Portal will only stay open for five minutes at the longest.”
In the early hours of the morning Bruce stood with Steve watching the private ambulance disappear through the Compound outer gate,  his alter ego Professor Hulk, had thoroughly enjoyed his time fucking the small doctor, splitting her cunt wide open with his massive cock, then covering her pert breasts with his hot cum, aroused by the rasping cries of agony coming from her abuse throat.  Once sated he had returned control to Bruce who had spent the time before the ambulance arrived removing her back teeth so he could fix a permanent spider ring gag to her swollen and torn mouth.  The bitch had whimpered and whined constantly, until she had healed, he had no further use for her, Professor Hulk liked his toys to be unmarked externally so he could have his fun marking up soft smooth skin with cum burns again.
Steve ensures that Tony drinks a whole litre of water before he begins to coax a final orgasm out of him, he doesn’t care about the thin coating of blood on his fingers as her flicks and pinches Tony’s raw clit.  He doesn’t care that his omega’s cunt is dry as he scrapes his nails against swollen flesh, it excites him that his meg is trapped on his knot, completely at his mercy. When finally, his omega screams and sprays the mirror with piss he feels nothing but satisfaction and completeness.
Tony stared at his reflection in the full length mirror eyes constantly returning to the brand high up on his neck just behind his right ear.  There was no hiding the mark seared into his skin below his hair line and higher than any collar would sit, the whole world would be able to see it and know he belonged to Captain America.  The raised ridges of the brand stood out the A flanked by the wings the circle of shield.
Steve was so proud of Tony, his sweet embarrassed omega had lay passively whilst he tweaked his nipples and stroked his virgin lips, fingers circling his leaking hole, as he pressed gentle kisses over Tony’s swollen omega gland. It was only when his teeth grazed the pulsing gland and his finger breached his dripping hole that Tony mewled and squirmed, his greedy hole bearing down on the intruding digit.
Peter failed as she knew he would, he still wasn’t completely relaxed about giving oral sex and his gag reflex had not completely gone as he tended to tense up.  Happy easily succeeded, having years of experience following her orders.
Tonight the last remnants of Tony Stark will be banished and Tony Pup will be bitched and bred for your entertainment and for him to finally accept that he nothing more than a Sub-Human Pet.”
Tony cried out as the pressure built, fingers desperately grappling the sheets for purchase as his whole body was continuously pushed forward with each thrust, grinding his hips back he met each thrust eagerly.  Soon his insides were awash with slick as Steve continued to milk his prostrate with each pass of his cock.
“Move cow, you are going to make a pathway for me through the grass and your milk will provide me with food.”
“Now doll, let’s get you leashed so that we can join the others and make our way to the Gala, it won’t do to keep the President waiting, no matter how much I want to bend you over and wreck your pretty little cunt.
Taking the omega’s mitt covered hand he gently steered him over to the scales, watching as the monitor showed Tony’s new weight.
Spider-Man Aka Peter Parker had been the easiest to trace, hiding out in his Aunt’s apartment, reduced to using his old spider suits after Bruce had Karen self-destruct along with the two suits Tony had made for him.  He had come quietly, after Bruce had promised his aunt would not face charges for harbouring an unbounded omega.
“Just some endurance training, need to get rid of his gag reflex and ensure that he can take a good pounding for hours at a time.  Need to break our bitch in quickly, don’t want him getting any ideas about trying to escape.
What do you think Tony, do you want to be my Omega Mate, have the life you were born to have but Howard denied you?  The de-aging spell has been a god send in a way, now you have the chance to start over as a young Omega. I have lost count of the times I wished you were an omega, or I was a beta or base-line so that we could be together.”
“Come on Pep, lace those boots up, we need to get to Stark Industries, the formalities of removing you as CEO have to be observed and documents signed, then the board will vote on a new CEO, guess who gets the position?  Why yes little old me will be voted in unanimously by all the members, and as part of the celebrations your whoring skills will be fully utilized."
“handsome?” he felt Tony nod ,his face safely tucked away into Steve’s shirt to avoid showing his emotions to Steve.
The team spoke quietly as steve continued brushing his hair, lulling him to sleep. He fell into a restless sleep just as they ran out of random topics to discuss, because they knew talking anything important would only have tony more alert.
“welcome back guys! Hope you guys had a good summer.” He received a few happy responses and some not so happy about being back in school.
“What’s so funny? Two weeks of torture not enough for you?” he spit out and the other one snickered.
“Spies don’t knock”, natasha said and everyone watched Tony’s expression change from blushing to eyes bulging with excitement
"Don't encourage him. Why are you both talking about this anyway. Also why is he texting you during school hours?" Steve asked, he wasn't particularly concerned about Tony being mad at him for this but now he was starting to wonder if maybe he should have tried to talk to Tony before leaving school.
“He’s the only family I have left" he said quietly and Steve pulled him in for a hug as Tony’s breathing hitched and Steve knew he was trying not to cry.
“No school baby” he whispered “its saturday" the corner of Tony’s mouth twitched into a half smile as he snuggled back against Steve.
"You up for meeting a few people? "She said already looking around searching for the people she needed me to get acquainted with.
Natasha came back a few moments later and Steve held his finger up to his lips and she smiled apologetically at him , steve was not sure why but he wasn’t going to ask her now.
Tony seemed shocked though, he looked at Steve , suddenly afraid but Steve rubbed a gentle hand across his shoulders “it’s okay tony, show her”
He had been holding back , allowing him to explore knowing or thinking that for Tony,  this relationship is just one of the many he is going to have until he finds the right one. He was only a teenager after all. But that wasn't the problem, the problem was that Steve had fallen very hard for this kid and there was no going back.
Tony didnt say a word as he and pepper walked away snatching the detention slip from Steve's fingers without even looking at him , rhodey apparently staying back to glare daggers at Steve and Ty.
“shit happens" he said shrugging almost daring Steve to scold him for his language but Steve really didn’t have it in him today.
“Hey" steve said smiling at him as he walked over and put his hands on the rail leaning down to give him a light kiss.
I didn't receive any response to that. Only his quiet breathing as he snuggled closer into me tucking his head below my chin.
He laughed quietly to himself and Bruce raised an eyebrow at him “what’s so funny?” he asked poking at his sandwich
“I’ll drive you home if that’s what you really want. But I want you to know that I am not going anywhere okay? If you want to stay that’s okay too but if you want to go home, I want to make it perfectly clear that if at any moment you need me, for anything at all I’ll come running.”
Steve sat down at one of the seats at front of the bus, once all the kids had boarded and he was startled out of his thoughts five minutes later when someone sat next to him.
His concern was suddenly replaced by annoyance as he turned and motioned for the agent who gave him the phone to hand him some car keys.
“I find it very hard to believe that a genius” he pointed at Tony “is failing his classes at school"
“Do you think it’s possible Stanr ordered the killing of howard and maria?” he asked natasha and when he said it, the recognition took on her face too and she pulled out her phone bring up a picture of stane and showed it to Bucky.
“How long?” Steve asked suddenly realizing that Tony had been wearing the sweatshirt since the bar and his stiff walking. Tony was still avoiding Steve's gaze and Clint got up from the floor leaving the room silently along with the rest of them pulling the door closed softly behind him.
A lack of response was normal , during battle , the avenger in question usually would reply immediately once able. But the concern was only growing as the gurgling Sound turned to a choking sound.
“how are you okay, I saw you -you blood ..I steve you were bleeding a lot and Natasha ..she-“ he said ,hiccups breaking his words
Steve didn’t have much food that would be appealing to a teenager. It was mostly healthy food the least of them being a bag of baked chips. So he grabbed that, and made them both a wrap stuffed with whatever veggies Steve could find.
So he repositioned him against his chest pulling the towel aside so Clint can access it. Tony squirmed against him feeling uneasy about everything  but Steve  held him firmly against him trying to keep him calm.
He helped him sit back down , giving him a fierce hug and a kiss on his forehead before taking a deep breath and smiling at him.
“Why was I kept in the dark?” It was meant to come out patient but his patience was wearing thin by the second, but it came out as a growl and fury actually leaned away in his seat. Steve knows he can be scary when he needs to, he didn’t intend to at the moment though. Natasha seemed to sense his distress as she placed a hand on his called fist, squeezing gently.
“calm down, he’s fine. He was concious when he was bought in. He is with medical right now” Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief
“Damn straight! I was right and that’s why he is going back to boarding school away from you” Steve was having a little trouble breathing himself, as he watched stane stomp out to take tony away from him.
“I will let you know once I see him at school" bruce murmured something too low for Steve’s enhanced ears and didn’t comment further.
Tony’s eyes went wide for a second as he realized who it was. He shuffled a little letting the books in his hands fall to the floor. He smiled at Steve,  gave a small wave with his hand but did nothing more.
He rolled his eyes at the sudden silence and shock that resonated the room "show's over. Get to your classes" he said and within a few seconds he was left alone staring at the detention slips in his hands.
“none, but 17 injured. We caught the guy, nat is interrogating him as we speak” Steve nodded looking around and recognised the wall colours immediately. They were at shield. He was lying on one of the rooms they used for an occasional rest.
“I didn’t like the color and stop it” he said yanking his hand out of Steve’s frowning at him unhappily while Steve ignored him, tugging on the hem of his shirt which made tony startle and lean as far away from him as possible
He changed tactics , “how is that injury?” He asked knowing tony couldn’t deny it or brush it off as nothing after that reaction.
“captain America huh? Frankly I am disappointed in myself for not figuring it out sooner, the signs were all there“ Steve smirked , settling down on the chair next to the bed, happy that tony seemed more coherent and less vulnerable.
“Okay, you don’t have anymore classes ?” Bruce  shook his head as they headed towards the parking lot.
“can we talk about this tomorrow?” He asked urging steve to pick him up but Steve didn’t , now he knew something was wrong.
“Tony? Wake up sweetheart” he called out ,tony not too loud so he wouldn’t startle him. He mumbled a few things Steve couldn’t make sense of and Steve gently pulled him upright and pushed himself in between the v of Tony’s legs hanging off the counter and pulled him to his chest. A beat later he heard Tony’s sleep roughened voice
Steve didn’t know what to say so he instead he asked “is that something you want to do?” because tony didn’t have any experience  weather it was with men or with women and he wouldn’t have anything to compare it to so that he could actually decide what it is he was interested in.
Tony apparently hadn’t even noticed that Steve was here. The closer Steve got , he realized that Tony was watching rhodey s every move looking somewhat mesmerized.
“pull yourself together come on, it’s going to be a long day" she told him patting his back. No coddling , no promises just the facts because he needed to focus .
“Tony, please for me. You know I cannot concentrate on my mission knowing I won’t be there for you if you need me.”
“I am going to make a call and then you are going to show me where he hurt you. I need to know that you are okay. Do you understand me?” He said sternly , he needed to know and he couldn’t take anymore of the stalling.
“Is he?” steve couldn’t even finish the sentence as his eyes frantically scanned the room looking for Tony, if bruce was out so should Tony and he should be back in his bed.
The mission was simple, they had Intel of this assassins whereabouts. They were to trap him and bring him back to shield.  But everytime Steve thinks something is simple it becomes anything but.
They had told him about how one of the goons had caught Tony and he had headbutted the man in his chin to get away. Probably where he got his gash from. Natasha had also hinted that he may be a little worse for wear and that Steve should probably get him to medical at some point.
He was decidedly difficult and often complained about small things but they had long since learnt that a crabby Tony meant he needed some form human contact. So if steve was not available natasha or Clint or even bruce would sit with him for a while.
Steve’s jaw dropped the moment tony let the shirt fall to his sides. His entire left side was one huge bruise, it was a mess of blue and black with yellowing edges. Steve was angry, but he didn’t know who to direct the anger at, did someone do this to tony? Or did he do something to deserve it,it would explain why he didn’t want anyone to know , Steve didn’t know.
It took another two hours of bashing to kill every one of them ,in the process destroying a three block radius of the city. Fury was not going to be happy.
“others okay?” tony asked as they exited the room and steve relayed everyone’s injury as tony nodded cataloguing the information in his head.
Tony dropped the pen in favor of Steve’s shirt that Clint had given. He brushed his hand through his hair palm settling on his forehead feeling for the warmth.
“Okay, that’s that. There is one more thing I need to discuss but I think we can do that later" Phil said eyes grazing over Tony’s form.
steve was fuming, his ears were ringing and he wanted to smash something as he clenched his teeth and fists tightly.
“ok gorgeous whatever you want” he said biting on his earlobe ,smirking when Tony jumped at the feeling. He felt weak hands pushing his face away reminding steve that Tony was still weak and needed to recover.
He knew there were shield agents walking by behind the glass doors of the balcony and it was not an everyday sight for them to see captain america cuddling with his lover under a blanket. But he ignored the stares he felt and pulled Tony closer to him.
He moved tony out of his lap and shifted him so he could see what he was doing without taking his fingers out. The sight that greeted him was something he will never forget as he watched Tony’s hole flutter and contract around his fingers as Tony clenched down on them.
“hey, how are you feeling?”steve asked just as Tony’s eyes met his. His face scrunched up at the feeling of the mask and he tried to pull it off only to be caught off guard by the iv line he found pulling on his arm and just as he tried to rip it off steve caught his hand and intertwined their fingers.
"Did he hurt you? Can I touch you sweetheart?" Tony shook his head, he did so nervously and Steve bit his lip to keep from cursing.
“You are not the monster Steve, I promise you never hurt me and I know you will never do so” he said into Steve’s shirt while Steve held on steadfastly to the now trembling teen.
He felt like he had just fallen asleep when his ears were filled with the shrill ringtone of his new phone that one of the agents had given him because the old one had been ttrashed.he quickly wiped the sleep out of his face blindly reaching of new handset flicking the screen to put the call through.
“Hey , sit here come on” he said scooting backwards on his bike to make place for Tony in the front. Tony was still looking a bit like he was going to pass out and Steve didn’t want to force any food or water into him at the moment. Generally parents let their kids sit like that in the front because they were small but Steve figured Tony was more on the petite side and Steve was big enough for Tony to just lean back against him comfortably without getting in the way of Steve’s vision. He was more worried about Tony falling asleep or passing out .
“Now we wait for natasha, and while we wait for natasha…” Steve said waiting for Tony to lift his head up.
“captain, are you also a part of this game?” she asked me, “no ma’am, think I’d rather take my time.” I said .
“No honey,  there's nothing to be sorry for. In fact I am sorry that I didn't realize what was going on sooner.”
“is that what he tells you? That this is normal?” Tony jumped, trying to pull him hands away. Steve only let go of the injured one. He mumbled something and Steve had to remind himself to take deep breaths.
“are you okay? Tasha said I was supposed to bring you something warm to eat but I didn't know where anything was and I really wanted to see you first,”
Tony groaned again and shook his head holding a hand out, letting Steve know that he didn’t want him in his personal space.
“Okay, calm down steve. Important thing is that Tony is going to be okay” natasha said calmly and Steve turned to glare at her
“hey, steve! Here to play my man?” Steve shook his head politely pointing a hand to tony “not today, I am actually here for tony stark, need him for something if that’s alright with you”
Steve had switched off both the comms before the debrief and he picked up the one Tony had given him switching it on again. He didn’t know if Tony would still have his , it had been a good two hours since he had it turned off.
“And why would that be the case?” Steve asked rearranging the papers in his arms but trying to subtly make sure Tony was not injured in gym .
tony looked saddened and Steve didn’t want to look at those eyes any longer and he quickly washed his hand and asked nat to come back inside before hitting the call button and settled down next to Tony holding him as close as possible.
“What is it?” he asked searching Tony’s eyes but Tony looked down and mumbled something  and Steve had to lift his chin up before asking him to repeat it
Surprisingly , there were no calls from school or shield . Not just for Steve but also for natasha and Clint  steve suspected that coulson had something to do with it .
Steve smiled and left the room , making a quick detour towards Clint and natasha. He found them sitting at a table in a conference room. Natasha looked like she wanted to murder someone and her expression softened as she spotted Steve
They sat in silence , steve relishing the heat emanating from the body next to him. He kept a firm grip on the teen,  tony returning the child with a tight grip on his shirt.
Somewhere between washing his hair and scrubbing at lingering sterile smell of the hospital Steve realized he didn’t know who was with Tony , if they were all going to be debriefing then no one would be there to sit with him.
“I am a teacher, I am YOUR teacher" tony grumbled something unintelligible and went back to eating his food
"Can't" he said clamping his jaw tightly , Steve slowly reached a hand out to trace it, tony struggling to let Steve comfort him.
“Is it bruce?” Steve’s hand stilled and Tony unconsciously moved his hips to seek the relief again and Steve continued his gentle stroking . He wasn’t sure how Tony guessed that ,but it was not something he wanted to be thinking right with his hands wrapped around Tony’s cock.
“do you need some water? You are getting a little pale for my liking" he asked as Tony watched Steve’s hand carefully until it settled back onto his chest on the same spot.
“How the hell did you think you could keep this from me?” Steve said interrupting a meeting and throwing a photo of Tony on to the table in front of fury.
“thanks point break” tony said , grabbing at the packet and ripping it open. He made a face the strawberry flavored jam filled inside but ate it anyways .
Steve raised an eyebrow in question at the both of them , and before he could ask what was going on ,clint and thor came bounding into the room practically chatting each others ears off about how easy a target doombots are while the other three held their breaths , looking towards Tony who stirred and groaned trying to cover his ears.
Did you guys like this version tony or the previous one? I don’t want him breaking down in front of Steve just yet.
“When was the last time you ate buddy?” Clint asked as he cleaned the wound for the second time while Tony clutched at Steve’s shoulders trying to hold still.
“the tower” he said as he started walking to the door just as clint and thor entered holding bags of food. Tony took a step back at the sudden intrusion , his breathing was getting more laboured as he started showing signs of a panic attack. A silent look from steve to natasha had all three ,clint thor and tasha leaving the room giving steve space to deal with the situation.
“Yup, because muscle man here is making us concentrate on our mission, urgh" clint whined and Steve threw a piece of bot at him which he dodged easily enough
"But you are right, let's get ice cream to go" he said after a few minutes of tense silence from Tony's part. But this time Tony merely shrugged and Steve immediately felt guilty and he didnt even know why.
“Hey" steve said finally getting Tony’s attention as he turned to look at him.  The first thing Steve noticed was that Tony’s hair was different. It was actually a lot different from his wavy overgrown hair .
Honestly? It was like dealing with a puppy. So Steve gave in and moved to the bed and Tony shifted to give him space grinning and as soon as Steve settled in Tony latched on to him like a koala and Steve had to wrap his arms around him to keep him from falling.
Sharply dressed, hair clean and set , the brunette squared his shoulders and took a breath “my name’s Tony, I am a transfer student. History is boring, “ said the brunette ,eyes meeting Steve’s amused one’s daring him to say something “ I am a futurist myself, so I’ll be happy to share my future with you guys instead” Steve bit his lip to keep from smirking at the pompous kid while he gave a slight pause for dramatic effect “it’s gonna be awesome”
“we lost him, an and he shot out communication systems.” They all nodded And Steve could see the doubt and uncertainty in all their faces. But he knew that they would back him up if needed.
“ okay” Steve smiled getting up from sitting on his knees with a slight groan he sat down next to Tony turning him towards him .
“What’s wrong with the dear captain?”  he asked generally but his face was scrutinizing Steve’s face.
“I love you steve” see steve really should learn to trust Tony. Last evening's reaction came from the doubt if Tony really did love him like Steve did.
The rest of the day went by fairly monotonous. It was normal enough that Steve forgot about the incident that happened in the morning. He had even squeezed in time to have a coffee break with Bruce. With everything happening with Tony's home life, this new mission and school ,Steve was finding it a little hard to balance. He was stressed about Tony's lack of self preservation especially because everytime Steve brought up the abuse he refused to make a big deal of it.
“Some asshole knocked me onto a pile of rubble and I sat on a sharp edge” Steve could hear the pout in his voice and knew that Tony was embarrassed.
“only Natasha okay? I promise no one else, can you please tell me how long this has been happening?” Tony pursed his lips looking away .
“hmm?” He asked as he watched tony wince when delicate fingers prodded his scalp leaving his hair askew and completely disheveled. It suited him , Steve decided.
“I have to go to SHIELD, need to talk to natasha.” He said as he gently wrapped his wrist with a green self adhesive wrap. Tony looked at him pursing his lips and then biting the lower one. “You can stay here or come with me , I am sure clint would love to show you around"
He pondered that thought for a while as Tony’s breathing evened out enough for Steve to believe he had fallen asleep. He kissed the top of his head just about to ease out from under him when there was a soft knock on the door and tony startled awake almost tipping over.
"Tony, how's the reactor? Have you figured out how to contain the energy?" Nat asked chewing on her toast. "not yet, will work on it as soon as I am done fixing the armor" she nodded her head putting down the toast and turning towards me she asked "so, how are you really doing Tony? Steve said you have not taken your iron supplements since we left three days ago. Combined with the post battle fatigue, you have to be tired" Ah, there it was, the pills! I had completely forgotten about them. Steve probably saw them still on the night stand where he left them for me before leaving. That's why he was angry.
“My metabolism is apparently not as good as yours” he muttered and Steve cracked a small smile , at least he was talking again. The color was slowly returning back to his cheeks, his eyes tracking better and he sat up straighter against the wall.
“Hmm maybe you should” and nibbled on Tony’s lower lip giving it a tug before pulling back to smile at Tony’s completely shocked face
Steve eased him back to lay down as he slipped out from under him and Tony wrapped his hands around his
“what is it?” he asked his fingers slowly making its way to Steve’s bare chest and Steve held his breath for a second while they roamed the expanse of his skin before settling around his waist.
Just as Steve rounded the corner to his classroom he suddenly found himself with an armful of a certain brunette as he crashed into him sending his books flying around them.
“Twenty minutes max" he heard before the line clicked but Steve knew all he needed to get back on line was to use his comm link in his wallet.
“We should take him to medical after a few hours" clint said getting up after he switched off the tv. Steve nodded and sighed getting up slowly and carefully and stretched his arms and legs. They had sat there for a while listening to Tony’s breathing as he finally slept on.
Bruce and thor followed me down, and thor watched with concern as I took the reactor out and pointed to a box designed to house the reactor which Jarvis had already unlocked for Bruce to pick it up and hand it over to me. He jogged over to the reactor picked up and we switched the ones in our hands. I clicked the new one into place feeling the jolt of the reactor, and thor steadily held on to my arm to stabilize me.
“Steve this better be important, I am in the middle of something” came the voice on the other side of the line.
“Same old same old. Although there is this new kid , Anthony stark. A real smart kid if I may say so” Steve frowned , it shouldn’t bother him but it did. So tony liked physics but didn’t like history. That’s okay, students were allowed to have favourite subjects and clearly history wasn’t his. “He seems so uninterested in class but-“ Steve’s heart did a little flip, that was unexpected. “But I just graded one of his papers and there is stuff here that even I had to look up” he said pointing to the bundle of papers on the table Bruce had brought with him.
Somewhere between half the sandwich and the movie getting over , he was out like a light, sandwich held loosely in his hand and his head falling on Steve’s lap. Steve removed the half eaten bread from his hands and put it on the plate and went back to running his hands through Tony’s hair again .
“Nobody has ever laid hands on that boy, and the moment you come into his life ,there is he is lying in a hospital bed.” He said pointing his finger at Steve.
Steve froze as he realized the students were coming back inside, he wanted to run back to Tony hold him close tell him that’s it’s all going to be okay but didn’t know what it would look like to the students coming in.
“you can’t make me stay here, I have to go home. Obie will be back soon and-" steve tightened his hold on him elbow as Tony spoke with sudden hastiness.
“but that’s exactly what you are doing” that made him turn his back surprised that tony had raised his voice. He looked back once to make sure no one was lingering in the hallway. “you are hurting me by letting me go”
“I am trying” steve was surprised. It was the first time Tony has ever responded like this to a panic attack.
“it can be anything,  doesn’t have to mean something”  but Steve could see Tony was really trying but wasn’t able to think clearly ,Steve should have had this talk before they got started.
For now Steve was content but he knew the anxiety would be back when Tony went back home for the night.
”it was someone’s fault then, so tell me who it was” she demanded. She could be scary when needed and Steve was afraid tony would shut down.
“I need all the intel on stane that we have and I need you here yesterday” he cut the call dropping the phone before he broke it.
“Hey” Steve said and Tony’s eyes snapped up eyes locking with Steve’s as Steve made his way over to the desk Tony was sitting at.
Steve didn’t know how what he was doing but whatever he intended to do, he needed to know that Tony really was okay with it. Weather he wanted it or not, he was still a minor and Steve’s responsibility.
“Oh" Tony said like it had just dawned on him and by now Tony had gone completely still his fidgeting had finally stopped and Steve could feel his rapid pulse beating against the palm that were holding both his wrists.
I walked into the kitchen, Bruce and Steve were sitting at the table opposite each other, talking. Natasha was talking on her phone and toasting bread simultaneously. I sauntered over and sat down on the chair adjacent to Steve. Bruce had a plate full of food eating, I was right on time for lunch. They all looked up at me, steve smiled at me sweetly.
He knew this was him taking advantage of Tony’s drugged state of mind,  but he had make sure he wasn’t going to be making a mistake by revoking the restraining order.
“you can take that up with bruce.” And tony pouted but steve smiled as he rearranged tony so he could kiss him on the lips.
“Not to mention he is just a kid , steve" clint waited until he looked up at him “I know he’s cute and pretty but are you sure this is the direction you want it to go in?” Steve wanted to roll his eyes, but clint as one of his closest friends had a right to ask.
Steve couldn’t drop it, he was already feeling murderous as he picked up his phone and called natasha letting it ring on speaker he put the phone on the coffee table because he knew if he held it in his hand it would probably get crushed into pieces from his anger.
Tony was also looking at him, eyes concerned and wide and Steve smiled down at him trying to hide the tremble in his voice
We let go of him, but I let my hand on his head stay carding through his hair. He pulled away from me instantly. The look on his was of pure betrayal. The exhaustion was now clear on his face, he looked pale and about ready to pass out.
“how about after school today? You can give us a ride home?” he asked eager and Steve was feeling hesitant,  afraid that Tony had trusted in him too much and had not yet fully comprehended the situation yesterday.
“what’s there to talk about? It’s a secret mission.” He said shrugging his shoulders “I am sorry I came unannounced,  I should have waited till you gave me permission.”
“it took a lot of convincing to let stane bring tony here, he finally agreed with one clause-“ Natasha started but Steve knew where this was going
He wasn’t sure if Tony was aware but he was fully naked under the thin sheets they had put over him. He had no idea how he would feel about that if he later found out that not only had the entire team seen him bare but his friends too.
“what's wrong?” bruce asked as he immediately started checking Tony over. Tony’s chest was rising and falling too fast as he stared wide eyed at the new people around him.
Steve shuffled in, apologising for being late, his eyes trained on tony as the rest of them took their seats quieting down. Tony wouldn’t even look at him, he kept his head down through the class. There was a moment where Steve thought he had fallen asleep, but he caught the slight movement his fingers made when it clenched and unclenched around his pencil. Pepper and his friend Rhodes were throwing worried glances at him every few seconds and Steve was half a mind away from sending tony to the school nurse and then home.
“You doing okay there?” He had never , ever seen this side of Clint. A lot of sides came out after Tony came into the picture but seeing Clint mother Henning tony had to be the most surprising of them all.
“We decided to put you on the need to know list, when pepper and rhodey told us that he was warming up to you. He is a tough shell to crack. His defense walls are up high . We wanted someone to be there for him if he needs it.”
“Tony? Are you okay?” steve asked his boyfriend unable to quell the rising fear. Just as steve ducked to avoid a tail swing and run towards the area Where tony had gone into the waters ,iron man came flying out at a rapid speed leaving the water glowing a fiery orange from the reflection of his thrusters.
Tony was staring at them, every breath he took made a rattling sound and Steve could already see the red bruises starting to form around his neck. He looked terrified.
“Yes, it’s all ours. Except the weapons, that came after the collapse of hydra.” Ofcourse and that made even harder to catch him.
Steve’s mind was filled with dread as he reached over to clasp Tony's sweaty palm and locked their fingers together.
“Why didn’t you stop me?! What if I had hurt him, did you not see the look on his face? He was terrified!” he screamed his hands shaking and he saw the other two lean away a little.
“I am fine" he nodded curtly and Steve sighed as he watched him follow the junior agent out of the room.
"how are you feeling Tony? Steve said you were exhausted last night" my turn to blush. Bruce was still looking at me intently waiting for a reply.
“Winter soldier,  aka james Buchanan barnes was my friend before the ice , he was enhanced the same way as me but in the wrong hands. He was under some kind of mental influence when we found him sir, but with some effort on our side we have been able to get to back. Moments of relapse are still a concern but we are working on it. He is currently staying at net apartment and I have moved into the tower. “ steve relayed
He sat down beside him, making sure to give him space and waited in silence for a few minutes to give him some time to collect himself. He wanted nothing but to hold him close and tell him that whatever had caused this panic attack would be alright. But Steve didn’t know what had actually caused it and he didn’t know if this was a one time thing. He didn’t know anything actually, so he opted to stay quiet at least until tony was tracking again.
"Fucking use your goddamn-" tony was screaming at him not even caring that the teacher was still in the room. Steve walked up quickly shoving an arm between them.
Once he got to the gym, he walked over praying that the coach was nowhere to be seen or heard for that matter. Thankfully he wasn’t, it was a nice day out, so all the students were probably out playing . He rounded the corner at the showers scuffing his shoes a bit on the floor. He didn’t want to startle the boy. He spotted Tony immediately , his brown hair was wet, he had towel wrapped around his neck and was wearing a batman tshirt and a pair of faded Jeans.
Tony just glared at the shirt at it landed by his side and strained to look at what steve had bought them to eat
“Sweetheart” he cringed at the irritation he heard in the tone “I am really tired , and I would like to fall asleep knowing you are okay too. Will you please let me take care of you?”
Steve said as he got up to leave the room. "Okay" The thought of breakfast made me feel nauseous ,still hung over from the small amount of scotch I had yesterday night at the gala,
"I.. yes. We are sorry" she said and Steve cut the call annoyed even more because saying sorry was not going to excuse their behaviour.
“He is going to want to say goodbye" he said not sure if he was using it as an excuse to get more time with her or if he really just wanted her to stay for Tony’s sake.
“tony, come on , the doors are gonna close!” He heard pepper from inside the train and was about to wave tony off towards the closing doors but his com in his ears crackled as it was tuned into and he heard Lou he and clear “code black”
“Steve this is not funny! It really hurts and it’s your stupid fault and don’t kiss me when your hands are doing things to me down there" steve couldn’t wipe the grin off of his face even If he tried and Tony growled at him only getting more and more irritated.
“I don’t know how long he’s been here though,” he said sadly and Clint patted his back reassuringly.
“good, I’ll be back in ten minutes and if it’s not in by then , I will do it myself.” She told him firmly and Tony sniffled and pulled away letting her leave.
He felt Tony’s hand snaking up between their chest and fingers wrapping around the front of his shirt and then the lightest brush of lips against his own. Steve , sighed and wrapped his hands around the genius ,eyes still closed. He gave Tony a second to adjust before he dipped a hand into the back of Tony’s pants and squeezed the flesh of his ass.
“I see we have a new student this year, care to give us an introduction? A little history into your life if you please” Anthony, Steve remembered ,looked flustered if only for a fleeting moment before he composed himself and stood ,a bright smile forming on his face and Steve immediately knew he was in trouble with this one.
”you are captain America” the room froze, the doctors , Steve and even tony . When Steve only nodded after what seemed like several minutes , the lady doctor ,Dr. Brandon his brain supplied to him helpfully, moved closer placing a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“You said this mission was dangerous,  are you okay?” he asked running his hand down Steve’s chest testing to see if Steve reacted and he did wince a little when his fingers pressed against his already healing but probably still bruised ribs from when Bucky had kicked him.
As the bell rang he sat down at his desk watching the students file out. Steve’s happy mood in the morning turned quickly into anxiety when he saw Tony. He was so close and yet Steve couldn’t do anything about it.
"Phil spoke to medical. We should do a blood test, but they don't think it's anything bad since he doesn't have any other symptoms. He just needs a little attention if you know what I mean" for clint of all people to be saying that with a straight face, steve knew how pissed the archer was.
It had already been a difficult day and it was going to get worse. Because they were about to tell tony that his godfather , stand was smuggling weapons under the table and that’s why he needed tony out of the picture. This was a revelation that came up two days ago and they needed to collect proof before telling Tony anything. Steve was worried because Tony had enough on his plate right now and he didn’t need to be adding to it. But Tony was in danger under stane’s care and they couldn’t allow that. Steve had wanted to wait a few more days, he was worried for Tony’s health which seemed to be not getting much better but this couldn’t wait because next week was Tony’s birthday and he would be turning eighteen according to the fake birth certificate, which meant the company would be in Tony’s hands and stane would not want that.
“you okay?” steve asked him, as he gently pulled on his elbow and brought him back to the chair he had abandoned and pushed him down into it. Tony shrugged his hands roaming up Steve’s chest before hooking them around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss. Steve took this as an opportunity to let his hands roam over tony ,looking for any sign of injury. Tony stiffened ever so slightly as Steve’s hand hovered around the area of his reactor. Pulling back from the kiss, steve put a hand under his chin and lifted it up , studying his face as he waited for tony to look at him.
Steve placed his hands on either side of Tony’s face and pulled him in for a kiss, it was gentle and nothing more than a brush of lips against lips and Tony froze his eyes going wide
“I think you better wake him up Steve, he wont be too happy if he sleeps his birthday away" she said as she took his place against Clint and Steve wiped the sweat off of his body with a towel heading towards the common room to find Tony still peacefully asleep. But natasha was right, he wont be feeling too good if he sleeps too much as well and plus they had a long day ahead of them.
“Its almost morning, I will sit with you until you fall asleep okay?” He told him as he settled on top of the covers and Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to argue but finally conceded and muttered another “sorry" before he reached out to hold Steve’s hand as tightly as possible afraid that Steve will leave before closing his eyes.
Steve’s voice trailed off in a whisper as he wondered just how much Tony should hate him. Is that tony kept the information about the palladium poisoning from him? Because he was afraid Steve would force his decision on him on this as well?
By the time the last period came Steve was calmer and his irritation was slowly fading. Walking past the hallway to his room he caught a glimpse of messy brunette hair lurking around his room. Steve smiled as he stood and watched Tony for a minute as he paced back and forth in front of Steve’s room , his occasionally reaching for the handle but he would pull back like he was second guessing himself .
“Rhodey get to class" he barked and as soon as the boy was out the room ,Steve helped bruce sit up from he was apparently pushed into the cart that carried medical supplies, there was a thin trail of blood running along the side of his face and Steve saw red.
“I will answer all your questions once we make sure you are okay.” He said and thanked the gods that tony nodded accepting the deal.
And more than that I was afraid tony was going to seriously compromise on taking care of himself one of these days.
“I want someone with him at all times, and I want a complete status analysis on the current situation by the time I wake. Can you please make sure of it?” he asked her as he grabbed a pudding cup from Tony’s uneaten evening snack the hospital had provided.
“captain I am deeply disappointed” steve placed the fork down wiping his hands on a napkin before turning his attention to the screen
“Yes, there is a situation here concerning Steve and ton-" steve tuned out putting his head in his arms trying to clear his mind.
“Bruce come on, you can’t be serious" natasha said and he glared at her as well and she shut her mouth , that was a first too. Bruce’s anger apparently didn’t match any of theirs
Apparently they did not celebrate birthdays every year in asgard, it didn’t mean much when you lare basically immortal.
“No, no I am very glad. Just…you know what? I am really happy. Come here.” He said grinning as he pulled Tony towards him letting him sit on his lap.
Steve knew he was internally relieved that he didn’t have to deal with the company for another year and that whatever stane had planned for when Tony would turn eighteen will also be pushed a year.
"You just made me pay for a chocolate bar from vending machine which you are apparently not eating?" Steve said raising an eyebrow as Tony struggled with the seatbelt. Steve sighed reaching over and tugged on the belt to get free from where it was stuck.
“You and natasha are on a nickname basis now?”  he  asked as he motioned for Tony to come over to him. Tony grinned at him and all but jumped into Steve’s arms literally snuggling his way up Steve’s chest so he could press his forehead into Steve’s neck.  Steve pulled the blanket up and over to cover to both of them relishing the heat emanating from Tony’s skin.
“They won’t let you wear that baby" steve told him gently but Tony shook his head , walking towards Steve
“drugs Tony, what did you take?” he said mildly irritated again but he used his free hand to rub gentle circles on Tony’s arm.
He prides himself in being a history teacher at the local school , he did after all have first hand experience in said history.
“I..I don’t want to leave him. Is he really going to be okay?” she said trying to reach out to Tony but Steve stopped her hands gently
“I want it out!” he screamed suddenly trashing on the bed and as Steve’s hands ran over his legs feeling the tube running along his leg he immediately figured out what had happened.
The dreaded bell interrupted their conversation, too bad because Steve really wanted to hear more about this kid. Why? he wasn’t exactly sure but as he made his way towards his classroom , Steve found himself with an armful of said brunette as he crashed into him in his apparent hurry and the books in his arms went tumbling to the floor.
“Tony…” he looked up expectantly “just know , you can always come to me if you need help, with anything.”
I knew Tony was going to hate me for what I was about to do but it was for his own good. I placed the mug back on the night stand and laid down on my side beside him moved my hand to his forehead pushing him back into the pillows and kissed him with passion. once I felt him succumb to the kiss I moved my other hand and pulled both his wrists together and pinned him down.
“exactly” he said instead and Tony eyes widened and he squawked indignantly when Steve pulled him onto his lap sideways his head tucked just at Steve’s neck and shoulder so Steve could see his face at all times.
“Okay, come on. Let’s go outside and we can talk okay?” and Tony nodded eagerly as Steve helped him sit up and covered him with all things cozy from head to toe. Tony didn’t even complain when Steve fussed over his socks.
“come on” Steve said getting up but Tony only looked at him for a second before turning his attention back to rhodey.
“that I don’t know about him and tony doesn’t know about me” he felt strained as he said it. This afternoon he was ready to push the kid away for his own good but now all he wanted was tony.
and that was it, if Steve had any hope of Tony resting it was all gone now and he groaned when Tony went
He was right he didn’t Actually  get to see Tony again, Natasha had shown up promptly before Steve third class was over not even letting him catch lunch with Bruce.
“its two in the afternoon" natasha clarified and Steve groaned thinking about how this would affect his normally impeccable sleep habits.
“Hey kids, what are some cool kids like you doing here in the subway?” she asked casually las her eyes swept around the area behind them and caught onto something.
He sighed ignoring the looks and tilted his head back concentrating on calming his breaths and the shakes. He didn’t want Tony to see him like this, not when he should be the one comforting Tony not the other way around.
Bruce smiled at him, “careful ya? Don’t want a beef like you slamming into sixteen year olds. They would probably be hurting a lot more than I am”
“ I really appreciate it thor, but don’t worry about it , you cannot be here every single moment of every time. Speaking of which , tony here has been very very excited to meet you" he said knowing that a blush would have already made it’s way across Tony’s face.
Steve put down his mug before wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pulling him closer. The smaller man buried his face on Steve’s neck as he continued to cry. “It’s okay,” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear after kissing the top of his head. “We’re not going to let her sacrifice go to waste,” he added. “We’ll make it count.”
He heard him laugh but it sounded more like a choked sob, if Steve was being honest. “I didn’t think we’re already going to talk about it,” Tony whispered, “But since we are, then, I’m sorry, too.” Steve bit his lip. “I’m sorry for not listening more, not trying to understand where you were coming from about the Accords. I’m sorry that I hurt... Barnes,” Steve shook his head, “I know it wasn’t his fault and that he was probably hurting to but
Romance because she loved with all her heart; Prosperity because she was successful and she flourished as a person; and Compassion because no matter how much she denies, how much she pretends that she doesn’t care, she does. Because she’s Natasha Romanoff and that's who she is.
“You know, I always figured that after all of this is over, Nat would come harass me in my Legolas inspired farm house by teaching my daughter how to disembowel someone in seven moves,” Tony said making Steve snort. “Bold of you to assume that it would take Natasha seven moves to disembowel a person,” Tony spit the coffee he just drank as he laughed. And laughed and laughed... until he wasn’t anymore, until he was just a sobbing mess of a man.
They talked for hours until both of them decided that it’s time to head to bed because tomorrow morning, they’re going to bring everyone back.
It took six words for Tony to die that day. It took six words for everything they’ve built to crumble. It took him six words to lose control, see red, and go on a killing spree.
“Natasha told me she never had a family until she got this – until she got us,” Steve whispered as he held a photo of the six of them. It was taken on moving (disaster, really) day. The communal floor was a mess, full of boxes because Tony haven’t told them about having their own floors. Natasha was on the far left looking like she was trying to keep her stoic face but miserably failing because the situation was just so damned funny. Clint poked Tony on the side using an arrow making Tony flinch hence the peace sign he was holding above Steve’s head was pulled down and for some unknown reason poked Steve in the eye. Bruce was just awkwardly standing there while Thor waived mjolnir around. “She said that having us made her strive to become better,” Steve smiled as he shook her head before placing the picture inside. “I hoped she died knowing that she made us want to become better, too.”
He still doesn’t understand. Rogers could have just told him. He would have reacted, sure, but at least, he would hear it from a friend. Sure, Tony was mad about what happened to his parents because he never got to say goodbye. The regrets of not being able to still haunts him. He knows this. He told him this. But he chose to hide it from him. Maybe that’s what did it for him.
“That’s it?” Wanda asked, “Just like that?” T’challa looked at her, “You will have to sign the Accords in order to avail of these rights but yes that is it,” He said. “What if we don’t want to sign?” Wanda asked with a sharp voice. “I suggest you do, Ms. Maximoff. The Accords that you have read before and the Accords that we now have are vastly different. I will give each of you a copy of the new one so you will be able to read it and decide for yourselves if you want to go back.” Steve licked his lips before eyeing each of his friends. Wanda looked doubtful; she still doesn’t trust Tony after what had happened. Sam looked relieved and Steve gets it. No matter how amazing T’challa and the Wakandans have been to them, this is not home. And Nat, well, she looks really worried. Steve doesn’t really know why but he thinks it has to do with Tony. She was supposed to be on his side but she left him and Steve doesn’t think they ended in good terms.
He remembers the after; the hot cocoa, touches that reminds him he’s not alone, watching documentaries of either space or nature with the volume turned down, sitting on the couch at god-knows-fucking-what o’clock.
He leaned in to kiss Tony for the first and last time. “I love you, Tony. I will always love you,” he whispered against his lips. He felt Tony’s lips move against him as his soft voice traveled to his ears.
She knew she was crying, too. She didn’t want to do this. She didn’t want to die but god damn it, if her family gets to have a future because of this, she will do it in a heartbeat because this is the family that she never asked for but was given to her, anyways; because this is the family she never had before – the family that made her feel loved and happy. It’s because this is the family that made her want to be better even through the hardest moments of her life, especially during those moments. So she’ll be damned if she won’t be able to protect them.
. But as the shield was brought down to smash his reactor; he knew that he already lost. There was no going back. Things won’t be able to go back to how it used to be.
Sometime in the third month of their stay, Steve along with the others decided to leave and do missions all around the world. He doesn’t think of it as illegal; he tries to think that he’s doing this because he has, too. He says he’s doing this because the Avengers can no longer operate freely. But deep down, he knows that he’s only doing this because it’s the only thing he knows. It’s the only thing that can keep him sane, now.
Years have passed; SHIELD fell, Ultron happened, Bruce disappeared from the face of the earth, Thor returned to Asgard, Clint retired, so did Tony... they all went their separate ways but she knew that they’ll come back to see each other, again but then the Sokovia Accords happened and she didn’t know, now.
“Tell me something,” Steve said before releasing Tony from the hug. The latter raised his eyebrow, “anything,” the former supplied. “Alright, well, Morgan’s a genius –” “Is that supposed to surprise me because –” “Stop interrupting me, Steve, you told me to tell you something,” Tony deadpanned making him laugh. “As I was saying...” Tony continued to tell Steve stories about Morgan. He told him about all of her shenanigans like sneaking inside the garage (which is Tony’s new lab), taking the stuff he’s making for Pepper and using it as her toy which made Steve understand what Tony meant when he said that Morgan’s going to use his shield as a sled.
Tony wasn’t quite sure how everything ended the way it did. He always said that he was a futurist. He doesn’t dwell on the past and most of the time he just tries to make things better by thinking of ways to make it better, by thinking of how he could right the wrongs. He likes to fix things – he’s a mechanic, it’s in his nature.
Tony stood up from where he was sitting. “Guess it’s my turn, huh?” He held up the flower for everyone to see. “She grew these things in the tower; I always wondered what’s with peonies that made her plant them so much so I asked her.” Tony smiled at the flower, “God, I thought she was going to kill me because she’s Natasha, you know, she’s scary,” he fondly said. It was one of the many things that made Tony love her so much. She was scary as hell on the outside but a soft human being on the inside. “Then she told me... she told me she plants it because of what it symbolizes,” he shook his head because damn it, she’s supposed to be here. She
Tony agreed to ‘make’ the Jericho for the Ten Rings. He asked them for supplies and the first thing he did when he got those was to make his reactor. He needed something more stable. He can’t keep carrying a car battery around especially if he’s going to work. Also, a car battery attached to the thing keeping him alive is dangerous if they plan on dunking his head in water.
Tony shook his head, teeth clenched as he looked at Strange. Why would you do that? Why do you have to save me? Before shit went down the drain, he said that he will never give up the time stone to save Tony’s life but he did and Thanos won.
All of them looked at Clint who was biting his lip as he stared at a coin. He made eye contact with everyone before looking back at it. “A token... from Budapest,” he whispered as a smile formed his lips. “Will we ever know what happened there?” Bruce asked with a small smile on his lips. Clint’s eyes started to water but he held it in, took a sharp breath before putting the coin inside the urn. “We promised we’ll take it to our graves,” he whispered before taking the lid decorated with ruby forming the symbol of her widow bites and closing the urn.
Guilt and fear suddenly gripped him as he reached out a hand to grasp Tony's, but Tony pulled it away from him. Steve pretended that didnt affect him.
He asked Tony to stay put as he slipped out into the hallway and walked to the nurses station to ask for the wrap. Truth be told Steve did finally understand what Tony meant by the nurse being kinda scary once he saw and felt pity for the kids who had to see her. It was rather funny , she was a large women about 5 ft 9 inches and wore a glare on her face like a permanent tattoo.
tony was not impressed with his cheerful attitude and his fingers went back to nervously playing with his shirt as the doctor tried to feel around for lymph nodes and checked his pulse and did a few more basic things.
He shifted a little , shoving the mousse in his mouth a little too fast and gagged , steve held the cup of water he had thoughtfully also placed up to his mouth and Tony drank a little allowing it to settle. He took the remaining of the mousse away from Tony not wanting a repeat of last night and received a pitiful pout from him.
“okay,” Steve conceded and tony initially looked like he didn’t believe him but eventually relaxed his fingers and leaned forward against his chest again, his hands trapped between them.
“sit down,” he said gently pushing tony towards the large couch. His apartment wasn’t extravagant but it was large, it had large furniture because Steve was not a small man. It was cozy enough for Steve to feel like home.
“I know you are scared , but we will take it very slow. Anytime you want to stop and we will.” He nodded again “which brings me to my next point, safe word. I need one okay? You can pick whatever you want” tony looked at him confused and Steve continued “pick one word, you say the word and we stop. No matter what, you have my promise okay?” tony nodded again but didn’t say anything as Steve waited
He felt Tony tense and he looked up at to find that Tony was looking at him wide eyes and he reached forward his fingers caressing at Steve’s cheeks and only then did Steve realize that he was crying. He quickly wiped at tears and smiled at Tony grasping the fingers that had just wiped the tears from his face.
“No" he mumbled and Steve lifted his chin forcing Tony to look at him “I swear nothing happened, I left before anything could" he said when he realized steve was not particularly believing him.
“Tony go wait with Clint” he said as gently as possible and Tony snapped out of whatever trance he was in shaking his head
“You were kissing pepper yesterday” Words that were meant to stay in his mind left his mouth unfiltered and Steve almost smacked his forehead. What he should have said instead should have been something along the lines of ‘ I am your teacher, you are only sixteen, besides that didn’t mean anything and I was only trying to help‘
He wasn’t  prepared to see however,  tony looked so pale, ashen white ,his cheeks sunk in highlighting his facial bones and the tube going down his throat and it looked so wrong to see Tony so still and not fighting against the medical staff. His chest was covered in a lot of white, speckled with red bandages and Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
“How have your classes been going Bruce?” he smiled “same old, same old. Although there is this new kid , Anthony . Quiet the genius if I may say so.”
“That’s normal for teenagers, I don’t see why that’s a problem” he said casually not making a big deal out of it
Steve sat with Tony curled in his lap Steve’s blanket wrapped around him face tucked into his neck. His cup of coffee was still steaming as he listened to Phil about the details. Natasha had woken up early along with them, it was still 3 am but Steve was grateful for the coffee she placed in his hands before sitting down with them at the table.
“I thought, maybe you and me can go for a jog tonight?” tony snorted at him like he had just said the most ridiculous thing to him and shoved shoes back inside the box.
He would cry when they cleaned the reactor casing and whine about it for a while until Steve gave in and cuddled with him for the rest of the day. He insisted on wearing pants and a shirt even when he was alone with Steve. Steve figured his mind was getting more clear as they started weaning him off the pain medications. He was getting back to himself and Steve was grateful for it.
“calm down cap, it’s just a paint gun a very accurate ,very cool paint gun" he said watching Tony’s smile get larger. Steve shook his head at the two of them trying to piece back the small piece of ceramic that cracked under his fingers.
But ofcourse he didnt, so far steve had been very conscious of the teens body and his own when they were in proximity.
“I won’t tell if you won’t” he said as he smiled watching Tony eagerly pull the lid off of the cup so he can dig in.
The three of them realized the problem immediately, all three sets of eyes zeroing in on the tent of Tony's pants.
“right, hold on" he said as he pulled on the pants and let the top sit on his right shoulder and walked out after toweling dry his hair as much as possible. He carried another towel out to dry Tony’s hair as well.
“What advantage could stane possibly have when Tony takes over the company? Besides it’s not like tony even knows how to run a company, he’s just a child. He doesn’t have any background in business management. So tony would need stane to help him , atleast for the first few years.”
“How do you know, you weren’t even here" he snapped and Steve sighed leaning over to kiss him while Tony tried to resist
“ we will talk about it later okay? I am going to tell the doctors to come back in, so they can check you over now" he said as he reached over to press the call button deciding that Tony can change after.
“Don’t like it don’t like it" he chanted his teeth clacking together and Steve tried to get it over with as soon as possible not giving Tony any time to rethink it.
“How are you doing? Is it reducing?” he asked as placed the ice pack next to Tony which he eyes wearily edging away slightly from it.
When steve did find the spot Tony all but screamed,  hips thrusting forward and fingers grasping the sheets and Steve sighed in relief “there we go, right there. You are okay baby, I got you” he repeated as he worked another two fingers in and stretched him open.
“And they look very cool on you too" he said and bent down to trail butterly kissed along his shoulders and his chest and Tony giggled trying to squirm away from him and the dog tags lying on his chest clinked together making Steve move to them and kiss around them.
Just as he made his way back to the Medbay he was stopped by none other than the man in charge “ I told you to stay away from him, what am I going to tell stane?” Steve rolled his eyes at him, barely caring.
"Alright let's get this party started, shall we? "I said getting up from the stool and walking towards the crowd.
“I told you this would happen” the words landed like a slap and they weren’t even intended for him. Stane had stormed into the room fingers already pointed at Fury , the anger reverberating through the room. It made Steve’s arm hair prickle.
“you haven’t done anything wrong and it was amazing and I never knew it could be so amazing like holy shit! Steve I cant believe you didn’t do it with me sooner! I swear If I had known..-" steve cut him off from his rambling with a chuckle
“hi” he said bashful all of a sudden “what time is it? I feel so tired urgh” and steve was suddenly worried he had taken it too far.
“Stop it tony, you are being ridiculous,  it’s going to take only a second.” Tony glared at him as he tried to get from the bed but Steve was practically holding him down and by this point both Bruce and natasha had come down, unable to wait for the results. They needed to know, just like steve did.
“We need to figure out who’s holding his strings now” steve said and they nodded and this conversation just suddenly became a lot more sensible.
"If I make you take off your shirt will I see some new bruises?" Tony winced when Steve ran a hand down his back over the bruise Steve knew was still there from yesterday.
Everyone looked shocked to say the least, but Steve was feeling helpless at the moment and he disnt care that he was practically begging for Bucky to stay, he didn’t care that he had just told Bucky he would give up his apartment for him. He didn’t care, because he just found his bestfriend again and this time he was not letting him go.
“tell us what you remember” Bruce said handing Steve a mug of tea. He hated tea but he was grateful for it at the moment.
“you can say that" he said and Steve waited for him to explain as he took a bite out his sandwich. “you know Tony stark?”
And when Steve reached out to takes Tony’s hand, he shrugged them off “I am sorry okay? And I didn’t ask Steve to get in the water with me. He doesn’t tell me things either, if he had told me then I wouldn’t have let him do it.” He forced out angrily still unable to look at any of them.
“You are mean" he said when Steve instead used a large hand to cover his eyes to pour water on his head to wash out the suds. “obie would never do this, but then again he would do things I didn’t want as well" and Steve froze as Tony continued to speak.
“are you insane? You could be seriously hurt! That looked like it hurt tones" rhodey argued back and this got Steve’s attention immediately as he walked over to the trio and Tony balked when he saw him ,fighting harder to get out of his friends hold.
After that, Tony’s family and friends came to visit. Morgan shared all kinds of things like how Peter does voices when they play with her dolls, the pranks Uncle Clint does to Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky, how Harley explains science and math, how Uncle Steve was better than him when it comes to telling bedtime stories, “he always tells every story I ask for!” She was so excited, it made his heart fill up joy.
Steve thinks Tony would’ve enjoyed discovering these things – different species and planets. He would’ve studied it, connected with them, and developed new technology that would help bridge knowledge and cure diseases (if it was possible) because that’s what he does. He creates and builds. Steve knows that under different circumstances, if there was peace and no crazy purple alien wanting to commit mass murder was involved, Tony would’ve thrived in this new era.
That’s when he had this idea, albeit, stupid. He answered the Stark Industries question by making Pepper the CEO. He knows she’s more than capable of it. Tony figured if Pepper was able to put up with all the stunts he’s constantly pulling and was able to deal with all his shit, she’ll be able to run a fortune 500 company. Also, she’s Pepper. No one will do better.
before continuing to speak. “Take care of our family, for me?” Of course, until the end he will ask Steve to do something that involves their family. Even though Steve already knows that they don't need to be taken care of -- that they'll survive even without him. “Take of care Peter. Please make sure he doesn’t drown in grief; of Harley because I know that he’s going to be mad at the world right now. He will blame everyone and anything about the fact that they could've done better. That it doesn't have to be me," there was a soft smile before he looked at Steve's eyes (the latter not really sure how that's possible). "Harley's... he pretty much took the
They went to Wakanda, they fought Thanos, they lost, half the universe turned to dust... she doesn’t know what she’ll do. The first few weeks all they did was try to find something, anything that could lead them to Thanos and eventually restore what they had lost. Then Tony came back. He looked like shit. He was malnourished and dehydrated but he was alive and he was being carried by a blue... cyborg?
“I’ll go first,” Bruce said before walking towards the urn. He held up a silver necklace with a snowflake pendant encrusted with diamonds on each end. “She always wears this whenever she can,” he whispered. “Always outside of missions, sometimes she brings it with her...” Bruce cleared her throat as she stared at Natasha’s smiling face. “Said it reminded her of home, told me that she had it ever since she was a kid. It was a family heirloom. She never really had a family before us but sometimes... sometimes she felt peace just looking at this,” he dropped the necklace inside the urn before stepping backwards and turning to look at the lake.
They stayed hugging until Tony calmed down. Steve pulled away in order to look at Tony. His eyes and nose were red and his cheeks were puffy. The moon shining light on his face, god, he’s beautiful. Steve wiped the tears from Tony’s cheeks before smiling.
Before they left Wakanda, they said goodbye to everyone they had gotten closed with. Sam said goodbye to M’Baku, Nat to the Okoye and the Dora Milaje, Wanda to the princess and the queen, and Steve to T’Challa.
“What’s with the whiplash?” Natasha discretely asked when she noticed Steve’s head snapping upward. “I... know that song,” she heard him whisper making her eyes roll. Natasha was about to say something sarcastic but stopped when she saw the soft smile that replaced Steve’s hard frown. “Is there something special about it?” Steve didn’t bother replying because he knows that even if it was phrased as a question, it wasn’t.
During those times, he finds that he’s contradicting himself. Looking inside the room, looking at Tony, and knowing Natasha… he knows that for them, no matter what it cost, it was worth it. They had a duty to the people and love for those whom they had lost. Steve eyed the couch where Pepper, Morgan, Peter, and Harley were seated. Their eyes were red except for Morgan and Steve thinks maybe the fact that her dad was never going to come back hasn’t sunk in. He looks at Peter, who he found out was Queens, was trying his best to hold himself together but failing miserably. He was a mess and Steve understands especially when Rhodey told them the role that Tony played in Peter’s life. The kid looked up to Tony who slowly but surely became his father figure.
“I can lend you my shoulder if you want to cry, too,” Tony said with a small smile. Steve shook his head, “I can settle for a hug,” he whispered before wrapping his arms around Tony, once more.
From the corner of Steve’s eyes he saw Fury staring out the window overlooking the lake. A mystery that Steve couldn’t solve before was Fury’s feelings about Tony. Back in 2012, when Fury talked to him and Tony after Phil died, Fury said that Tony knows about the Avengers Initiative, he was the first one he approached. He also remembers Fury directly telling Tony about the nuke, the other times he went to Tony or approached Tony first before the other avengers.
. Even though they’re dysfunctional, even though they scream at each other or become violent (at times but not so much), they still are, and nothing and no one can change that.
Rhodey doesn’t, no, couldn’t react. After a month of uncertainty, thinking if his best friend will ever wake up... he just doesn’t know what to do. “Nothing?” Tony asks, looking very amused as he did. “You’re an asshole,” hearing Tony laugh made him smile. Yeah, he’s going to be okay. It will take some time to recover physically, mentally, and emotionally but he’s going to make it. Rhodey vows that he’ll make sure of it.
It took one catastrophic event which resulted to half the universe dying for them to come back and forget their differences. Suddenly, the fight they had seemed petty. Suddenly, there was nothing to do but live up to their name. The only purpose they have now is to get back everything they lost because of Thanos. Whatever it takes.
“That’s quite above our pay grade,” Tony said before releasing a forced laugh. “The Avengers will only operate when it is necessary for the safety of the world, that is, if there are attacks coming from other species or when someone uses technology belonging to such,” he finished.
Steve didn’t agree with him. They fought against each other harder than it was ever before. Steve had his own team, he also did. In the end, he stopped. In the end, he came as a person who cared – the person who loves Steve.
After his conversation with Fury he went inside the cabin where he found Clint, Thor, Bruce, and Pepper sitting on the dining table while the other avengers were spread on the kitchen. “Steve, take a seat,” Pepper said with a small smile. After doing so, Pepper started to speak again. “Tony was supposed to be the one to discuss this with you but seeing as…” she swallowed before clearing her throat. “He called me a day after you all went to get back the stones and asked for a favor,” they waited for her to continue. “He wanted to honor Nat by establishing a foundation in her name, it will focus on helping abused children, making sure they will be able to recover from the abuse they experienced, and ensuring their education,” she finished.
Bruce said that he’ll be the moderator [but secretly bet with her that it would probably take a world catastrophic event for those two idiots to get together], Clint bet $20 that it will happen within 6 months after moving into the tower [obviously, he already lost], Thor bet $50 that it will take them 5 years [still got another year left], and of course, she bet $50 that it will take a decade or 12 years for them to get their heads out of their asses and kiss. It’s Steve and Tony, they’re both clueless)
That world’s Peter Parker was a mess. Peter remembered having a conversation with him about how much it hurt to lose another father,
“Nice ring, you get there, Cap. What’s it made of?” Steve smiled as he looked at the gold ring on his left hand. “Titanium alloy,” he answered before looking at Sam whose eyebrows were raised and a small smile on his lips. He didn’t explain any more than that. It’s not like Sam would want to know how he and Tony wedded themselves under the Manhattan sky on the tower’s rooftop, anyways.
God, he wishes for more time, for just a few more minutes, a few more seconds, as much time as he could have.
Natasha was still with the KGB when she first met Clint. He was supposed to kill her but he decided not to, instead he took her in and became her friend. Since then Natasha worked for SHIELD and did everything she can to atone for what she has done.
“I gave this to her for her birthday,” Thor said as he held up a combat knife. The blade was black (sharp as hell, just how she liked it), the handle of the same color with red lining. The sheath was red blood, leather. It was classic black widow colors. “I got this from Asgard, especially made by our blacksmith. I designed it myself,” he said as he placed it inside. “I would never forget the look on her face after I gave it to her; it was the first I saw her really smile.”
“But Daaaad! Peter is coming home!” Steve heard Morgan say as he passed by the little missy’s room. She’s staying with them for the week because Pepper had to go to an emergency business meeting in Stark Industries Shanghai. “Maguna, Peter’s not going to be here until later tonight,” Tony said before patting Morgan’s head.
You see, the thing is, the injuries are something Tony can live with. He has experienced all kinds of it throughout his life so for him this was easy. What wasn’t was the feeling of betrayal. And yeah, okay, sure, he’s been betrayed by a lot of people including those who he wouldn’t think can do that to him but this time it’s different. It’s Steve. He was never supposed to hurt him that way. Yes, Tony held him to a higher standard and it’s not because he’s Captain America. It’s because he’s a good man and he tries his best to do what is right.
But the human brain isn’t that easy convince. Sometimes, it argues back that just because you feel hot, doesn’t mean you’re safe. Sometimes, the sweater that he wears becomes too constricting making it harder for him to breathe. During these moments, he forces himself to remember the last 10 years of his life. He thinks about the things he survived – the three wars involving aliens and gods, being a fugitive, betraying the most important person in his life and he’s over most of it. He already accepted it and moved on. Now, he just remembers the after. He remembers having dinner with his teammates who eventually became his family. He remembers the feeling of coming home though the circumstances were unfavorable, it still brought a tiny piece of joy in his heart.
He was kneeling as he held his hand up. Tony didn’t know why he did it, maybe because he was being his usual paranoid self who couldn’t stand not having a backup plan, but he made sure that his suit gauntlet will be able to hold the stones. He felt immense pain as the power of the stones surged through him. Suddenly, his whole body felt heavy and he was starting to pant but he doesn’t care. He made sure he’s looking straight at Thanos.
Tony always thinks about how to right the wrongs, always have been ever since his eyes were opened to the realities of the world.
The room was filled with Tony's family. The family he gained by being a good man. He saw how loved he was, how he got to live a happy life despite its abrupt end. Maybe this was it for Tony. Maybe he thought he already peaked. Maybe this was what he considered to be his happy ending – his family, together and complete.
Steve has probably heard Tony sing this song a thousand times but nothing beats the first time he heard it because that’s when everything started.
“I didn’t know you sang,” Steve said startling Tony. “Oh hey, Cap, didn't see you there,” Steve raised his left eyebrow as the smaller man tried to hide his blushing cheeks. He didn’t point it out, though. He likes seeing Tony’s cheeks stained pink (it’s as rare as Thor getting angry or Clint not being his cheery self).
. It was a shitty apology letter (can it even be called that?). He said that the avengers were Tony’s more so than his but why does it feel otherwise? Every avenger who Tony formed a deep relationship with, who he thought of as family was with Rogers. Clint took his side; Natasha, who signed, left him and joined Rogers. Thor and Bruce were not here so they don’t count. He isn’t even sure if they would side with him.
When they arrived at the compound, Bruce explained to them what was going on. He told them about the infinity stones (one which is with Vision), Thanos’s plan to kill half the universe, about Thor being gone.
The TV was suddenly turned off. “Breathe, man,” he heard Sam say before he felt a hand press firmly on his shoulder. “Is this his first press conference?” Steve asked. He took deep breaths in order to calm himself. “Yes, he’s been taking a lot of fire from the people and –” “Tasha, I don’t think this is –” “He has to know, Sam,” Steve heard him sigh. “I need to talk to Nat,” Steve whispered, the unspoken
Tony snapped out of his thoughts just as Steve was able to push Thanos off. He saw him clench his teeth, tighten the straps of his broken shield, and stand. He watched as the mad titan’s army covered the other side of the battle ground while Steve stood alone. But apparently, not for long because he saw portal rings open behind Steve.
Rhodey said that it sucks but he’s not regretting his decision. The Sokovia Accords fights for the right things but sometimes… it just sucks. Tony smiles (or at least, tries to) for Rhodey. He needs to be there for him, every step of the way. He needs to help his honeybear because he knows that Rhodey will do the same for him.
It was there wedding song. Steve still can’t grasp the fact that the fourth time he’s hearing this is during his first dance with his
Bruce asked him what his plan was and everyone looked at him expectantly. He took a deep breath before looking at Steve.
Tony ran towards Thanos and tried to pull of the gauntlet from his hand but the titan pushed him off. He looked at Tony, face stoic as if what he’s about to do isn’t mass murder. “I am inevitable,” he said before turning to look at his hand and snapping his fingers. When nothing happened, he turned to look at Tony.
Tony saw Steve and Carol fighting Thanos but they were losing. He saw Carol being an immovable wall holding her stance against an unstoppable force but Thanos used the power stone which sent her flying backwards. Tony’s breathe quickened when he saw Thanos take the gauntlet and put it on. He turned to look at Strange who held up his index finger.
There was a blinding light and suddenly everyone was blown away from where they were standing, hitting the wall as they did. When said light disappeared, they stood up. “Did it work?” Tony asked as the security walls of the compound started to return to its place. Scott walked towards the glass and saw a tree with a vibrant shade of green. “Guys, I think it worked,” he said just in time to hear Clint’s phone ring. The man rushed to where it was and sobbed when he saw his wife’s name and picture flashing on his screen. “Hey babe –” Clint was cut off when bombs started shooting the compound.
He thought SHIELD was just some government agency handling government things. He never thought it’s something more. He certainly didn’t think his dad will be one of the founding members of the organization. They left him with things. They said he needs to figure it out. They said Howard said that he’s the only person who can solve this thing that he left behind. Fury said that he should solve the riddle of his heart.
” he whispered. “Play it, Friday,” he said and a hologram of Tony appeared before him. “Language,” Steve laughed as his eyes started to water upon seeing Tony looking very much alive. “See, I knew that until now that code still makes you curse,” Tony jokingly said, eyes crinkling with laughter. "So what was it that you said? Fuck? Nah, that's too much for you. Shit? Doesn't fit either..." he trailed off before his eyes lit up, as if he finally thought of the word Steve will say. "Was it asshole?" Steve laughed before shaking his head. "I bet it was asshole," Tony said again.
. She and Tony made contact; understanding filling the latter’s eyes. He’s always been smart, she knows that, emotionally constipated but smart, nonetheless so she knows he understood what she meant when she said it feels wrong.
“I know that this is just an excuse and that no amount of it could undo the damage we have caused, and for that we are
He may look nonchalant but deep down, he’s thinking about the sleep deprived Tony who was swaying his hips to the music and whispering the lyrics to the song.
It’s been three weeks since he arrived in the compound and he hasn’t seen Tony, yet. Nat said that he was either busy with Stark Industries or Avengers business but he knows better. He knows Tony doesn’t want to see him and that was okay for him. He’s giving Tony time but sooner or later he knows that he will run out of patience and seek the man for them to talk.
He was mad, alright? SHIELD was destroyed after they found out that it was infiltrated by Hydra. And then, Ultron happened. He and Tony, fought, again which led to him saying things that he's not proud of — saying things that made him a hypocrite.
Sam had the TV opened. He was on the news channel. He likes watching the news so he can be updated on what’s happening outside. “Anything new?” Natasha asked just in time for the anchor to give updates about the Accords. “Earlier this afternoon, Tony Stark aka Iron Man called a press conference along with Lt. Col. James Rhodes and the being called Vision to announce the Accords’ reformation. He stated that he and his team have been working on this for quite some time, now, and confidently said that this is something every superhero can put their trust on,” after the anchor stopped, a video of the press conference played.
He caught Peter in an embrace. The kid was looking at him — eyes wild with fear and hope that somehow, Tony will be able to save him. Peter hugged him. You’re okay, kid. I got you. But Tony doesn’t know what’s happening. He was having a hard time breathing.
Everything was pinned to the side because of the Accords. They fought, badly. Hurtful things were said; she had a fight with Tony. She won’t be able to forget their last conversation before she left.
He says he’s a futurist but he’s looking back into the past and continuously thinks of how different things could have ended up if he just stopped and breathe.
This is what he finds weird about hospitals, Tony thinks as he looks around the people in his room who are smiling at him so brightly. It’s both a reminder of sorrow and happiness.
Natasha’s probably looking down at him and smirking wherever the hell she was. Probably thinking how much of a chicken shit he is for taking this long to make a move on Tony (not like it’s a move, it’s just... it seems like it).
Tony held his breath when he saw the mad titan sitting in some sort of rock as if he was waiting for someone to approach him. “He’s alone,” Thor said (really the definition of calm before the storm, Tony just had to make that pun). “And he doesn’t have the stones,” Steve added. “Let’s make sure to keep it that way,” Tony stated. “It’s a trap, right?” Thor asked making Tony shrug. “Yeah, I don’t much care,” he said. “Just as we’re all in agreement,” Thor said before raising both of his arms consequently, mjolnir and stormbreaker flew to his hands as his armor came to be.
“Bullshit,” Clint cursed making Nat smile. “Do you believe what this guy is saying?” She took a breath. “Thanos came here with his daughter, he came back without her. It’s not a coincidence,” Natasha said before looking at Clint. “Just because he knows the name of your dad, doesn’t mean it’s true,” he said and this time, she let out a soft laugh. “I didn’t,” she told him making him stop talking. “Whatever it takes,” she whispered before standing up and turning to Clint.
wasn’t recovered so they just have to settle for what they can give (less than what Natasha could ever deserve but they try, anyways).
Tony knocked on Pete’s door, when didn’t hear him answer he opted to just go in. What he saw made his heart ache. Peter’s got a towel thrown over his head, his shoulders were tense, hands gripping his thighs, and he was shaking. He took slow steps towards him before sitting down and wrapping his left arm around his kid’s shoulders.
He closed his eyes after realizing the gravity of what he asked. It’s been years since they saw each other. They haven’t talked about Siberia or the Accords… basically, everything they disagreed about. That’s why, Tony thinks, it’s okay for Steve to say no. There’s still an unfinished business between them.
Peter hugged Tony before burying his head on the crook of the latter’s neck, “Love you, dad.” Tony patted his back, “just doing my level best, kid.”
Tony continued to list everyone making Steve laugh. "Shellhead, that's a long list of people," he whispered. “Oh and one last thing before I end this," Tony took three steps forward. His face is close to Steve's now. "Take care of yourself, for me," he said. “I know I asked you to take care of our family but if you have other plans, plans which will make you happy then by all means, ignore me," Oh, yes, even though they haven't spoke in a long time before Thanos, Tony still knows him. "You probably have plans but I hhope it doesn't involve bottling your feelings up which leads me to another thing -- yeah, I know, I said last one earlier but give me some credit! I saved the universe - along with Nat and everybody else but still - I get to have a long list," he added before turning serious, once again. "Mourn me, Steve, me and Natasha. Promise me you won’t shut people out, that you won’t throw yourself to missions after missions because that’s what you did with Aunt Peggy and honestly, that’s not how you should honor the person you love,” Steve smiled, “I promise,” he whispered. “Take care of our family and they’ll take care of you, too,” he said with a smile before taking a few more steps toward Steve.
He removed his helmet before kneeling in front of him, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, as he cradled his face with both of his hands. He wanted to close his eyes and savor this moment but he won’t because this will be the last time he will see those beautiful warm brown eyes. Tony was smiling at him.
He remembers Ultron, remembers how Steve said together. All the shitty fights they had... all the hurtful things that were said, all of the silent apologies, the making up.
It was what he said before making Tony his favourite pasta partnered with apple juice which finally made him smile, again.
What happened after that? It was, as they say, history. Steve brought the stones back to their proper timeline, talked to a few people along the way, and had his dance before returning back to his home –
A tear fell down his cheek as he remembered their conversation just a few days ago. He wiped his tears before shaking his head. He needs to stay focus.
“Anyways, I know that it’s very insensitive of me to do this to you but I need you to do me a favor. I’m not going to ask if that’s okay because honestly… I don’t know, really. I just won’t ask anymore because I’m gone and won’t hear your thoughts about this,” Steve vaguely hears Tony say
He remembers all the times one of them will wake up from a nightmare. He remembers all the times he asked
He doesn’t know how many times he woke up with pain consuming his entire body. He doesn’t know how many times he fainted from said pain. And when he was finally conscious, finally okay compared to the last few days he had, he saw that a car battery was attached to his body — his chest.
When Thanos finished putting on his armor, they attacked. It was the three of them versus one but it wasn’t enough. Thanos was strong; he was able to knock both Thor and Tony out until he was only fighting Steve. Tony could see Thanos destroying the shield he made for the man he loves as he tried to fight back.
Tony held onto the next time over and over and over again until he realized that he will never be enough for Howard. He’s looking for something else – someone who he will never be greater than.
He looks at the flip phone (one of the things that makes him furious to this day because really? A flip phone? You’re going to send a billionaire who owns the largest tech corporation a fucking flip phone???) and scoffs at its outdatedness (but when he takes it apart he founds that it’s actually not, he thinks that this a gift from a certain cat). After the mess created, Tony threw himself to work. He built prosthetics, phones, and clean energy tech for Stark Industries and focused on fixing the Accords. He still believes in it because the core is good. It’s just that some articles were vague and can be taken advantage by the wrong person. He got his lawyers to look into it. He presented it to the UN delegates alongside T’Challa. They made great changes and managed to replace Ross.
“You’re sulking,” she turned to look at Steve and smiled. He then talked about some whales or whatever which made Natasha laugh. “Are you telling me to look at the bright side?” She poked the inside of her cheek, shaking her head, and then smiled at Steve. “Keep saying that and I won’t give you half my peanut butter sandwich,”  Steve took the empty seat in front of her. “I keep telling people that they should move on – that things will get better, eventually... that they should move forward but not us, never us,” he said which made her smile. “You know, I never had a family, never really expected to find one...” she whispered. “Back before Tony asked us to move into the tower with him, I just hoped for a team,” she nodded her head while saying that, “Never really expected to get this.”
And even if it will never be able to compensate for what all of them lost, even if they know they should do more than this, Tony hopes it's enough to make Natasha smile wherever she may be.
Natasha’s first impression of him was bad. Well, he was in bad place, she’ll give him that but the reason why SHIELD decided to make said assessment, now, is to see how he will handle his situation. To see how he will deal when put in a difficult place. He was stupid but in the end he pulled through. That doesn’t mean that her assessment of him will be clouded.
The following weeks, Steve avoided watching TV. He locked himself in his room, barely eating... barely sleeping. Sometimes, he falls asleep but wakes up an hour in because of the nightmares.
“Like I said, no amount of apology can undo this but the only thing we can do is move forward,” every word felt like nails on chalk board to Steve. He shouldn’t be facing this alone. “We owe this to you. We lost your trust so what we’re going to do now is earn it back.”
He knew, then, that the chances of Yinsen surviving was even slimmer. But he had to be strong. He needed to be so he believed that his new friend will be safe. When the loading bar turned to a hundred, he schooled his face for the fight ahead and attacked.
be here. “Romance, prosperity, and compassion... she is – was all of that, god, I hope she knows.” Tony placed the flower inside.
When Steve turned to look at them, panting heavily, she already knew something was wrong. “Steve, what’s –” “That was Bruce,” he whispered. Natasha’s eyes turned wide. Bruce is back? “Tony’s gone. He said that the children of Thanos attacked New York, took some wizard, and well, Tony went to the spaceship to save him... they’re not on earth anymore.” She heard Sam asking Steve if he was okay but it seemed far. Blood was rushing to her ears, she knew she was breathing hard, she knew she’s going to have a panic attack any minute now but it has to wait. She needs to calm down.
Tony, Steve, Thor, Bruce, and Clint were standing on the dock located at the back of the compound; all staring into anything but the black urn in the center with her picture placed on its left, sitting atop a white marble bench. Tony stared at the peony he was holding, cut in a way that it would fit inside the urn. Each of them was holding something that was important to Nat, all of which will be put inside the urn before being encased in a glass box and submerged into the lake.
It was like Obadiah all over again. The betrayal from someone close stings more so than any physical pain they could ever make Tony feel.
He felt a hand rest on his left shoulder making him sit up straight. “What, no rest for the wicked?” the soft voice immediately made him relax. “Scoot over,” he heard Tony whisper making him move.  A mug was suddenly on his line of sight making his lips tug upward. “Thanks for the coffee,” he whispered before taking a sip and immediately frowning. “I added a shot of whiskey,” Tony explained. “This is the kind of thing that makes me want alcohol even though I vowed, ever since Morgan was born, that I would only take shots of chocolate milk drink,” the humor wasn’t lost on Steve.
a huge smile. “If you sleep now, you can start your day early,” Tony paused, gently pushing Morgan so she’s completely lying down before tucking the blankets under her chin. “And spend your day longer with Peter,” he finished. “Okay...” she murmured. “Lullaby, please?” She requested while giving her father her best impression of a puppy. “Do you know you look like your Pops when you do that?” Tony asked before shaking his head and starting to sing.
. “It doesn’t change the fact that you still died,” the depth of Peter’s words truly hit him when he saw the kid’s eyes – it was red and puffy.
Tony doesn’t want to sound rude but he needs to ask, “Pete, it’s already been three years. Why are you still so worked up about it?” Peter looked at him with red puffy eyes and deepest frown and by god, Tony swore that he would do everything he can to make sure that his kid doesn’t ever look like that again. “Because...” pause, “in another universe, very similar to this one, you never came back.” After saying that, Peter told him about he was sucked into another universe. He told Tony how everything that happened there was similar to what happened in their’s except for that one detail —
Bruce looked at the two $50 bill on his hand and smiled knowing that this money will be the first donation to the Natasha Romanoff Foundation for Children.
Steve walked towards the refrigerator to get milk before moving to the shelves where the pots were located. “Why are you up?” He heard Tony murmur. This is thing that makes the sleep deprived Tony so different from his usual loud self. He’s shy and adorable; Steve doesn’t know if it’s normal to think about a man in his 40s as adorable. “Nightmares,” he replied as he poured the milk to the pot before turning on the stove. There was a pause, “wanna watch crappy movies with me?”
After sending the arc reactor into the lake, Steve approached Fury who was standing on the terrace of the house. “Nick,” Steve greeted. “Ask away, Rogers, you’ve never been subtle,” the man replied as he started into the lake. “You always believed that Tony will save the world, why’s that?” For a second, Steve thought he saw a ghost of smile on Fury’s lips. “I knew Howard;” he started to explain “I visit from time to time, mostly after Tony’s bed time. Maria, his mother, talked about him a lot. I saw the things he invented and how he grew up through his mother’s eyes.” Steve couldn’t help but flinch at the name of Tony’s mother. “I always knew he was going to be brilliant but good? I wasn’t sure… until I met him,” he said. “I placed the weight of the world on his shoulders whenever I called for him, it’s the one thing I regret but had to be done,” Fury turned to look at Steve, “he was the hero the world needed and the hero we weren’t ready to give.”
Steve and Tony have always been the heart of the team. They were the leaders. It’s no secret that they get along well inside and outside of battle and that sometimes they have fights and misunderstandings that turn into screaming matches but at the end of the day, they always come back to each other, mooning after the other, gazing into each other’s eyes and whatnot.
He remembers the very first time Steve said I love you, how he said it with those ocean eyes shining with hope and sincerity. How he kissed Tony and how he said it back.
The kid approached him and started talking so fast while Tony’s brain has yet to grasp the fact that Peter’s back.
Just so we're clear, I ship Pepperony (A LOT) but since my endgame is Stony, Steve gets to have Tony's last words.
Steve was in the rooftop that night when it happened; he was on his 7th sketch of Tony, “Good view, right? It was nothing compared to the tower but it will do.” Steve immediately came to a halt and looked for the source of the voice, “
was heard among them. Sam patted his back before leaving. When they heard the door closed, Steve buried his face in his hands.
Honestly, I didn't know how to write the end. I just couldn't find the right words to say in order to convey what Steve felt during that time. I found it hard to tie up the loose ends so yeah, one of the reasons why it took me so long to upload this. Trust me when I say I had a lot of drafts for the third part.
was, “You will all be under house arrest. None of you will be cleared to do a mission unless I say so. You’re here on probation. Any wrong move and you will be sent to the raft which as you all know is far worse than here,” Steve knows that it was a jab but he understands. Rhodes sighed before looking at them, “I know that you’re all stubborn but please... listen to us. The people are finally starting to trust us again and we don’t want to ruin that.”
After that, Peter was asked to take a warm shower before he was told to come down because his Pops made hot cocoa. They 3 spent the night talking about college, Spider-Man, and MJ. When Peter told his Dad and Pops about his first date with her, they couldn’t contain the teasing. That night, Peter had a good night’s sleep before waking up to his little sister bouncing on his bed and his fathers giving him a huge grin.
She was making herself pasta in the communal kitchen when she heard someone enter the room. “I didn’t know you eat.” She pursed her lips as a smile tried to form. “Humans eat, Tony,” she said before getting two plates and dividing the pasta. “Yeah, well, thought you were a vampire,” he joked as he went into the coffee machine to pour himself some. “No coffee,” she could feel him staring at her “You can’t tell me what to do, Romanoff,” Natasha turned to look at Tony, giving him a sardonic smile which made the man gulp. “You sure about that?” she asked. Tony muttered something under his breath before putting the pot back. “Sit down and eat,” she said and to her surprise he did so without much protest.
They fell into an easy conversation. Clint joined them afterwards and whined about how Tony got to eat her delicious cooking while he got none. Bruce entered with Thor, both holding bags of groceries, “Bruce introduced me to this delicious treat Midgard has!” he said before pulling out 10 boxes of Poptarts, each flavor different from another. Soon enough, Steve entered the kitchen looking for food after his gym binge. “Ugh! You smell, Steve, get out of my kitchen,” Tony said good-heartedly making Steve laugh. “It’s the communal kitchen, Tony, you get out,” Natasha smiled when a look of pure (pretend) horror crossed his face.
But the Ten Rings weren’t stupid. They knew something was up. They tried to hurt Yinsen. I need him, great assistant. He was so scared but Stark men are made of iron. They don’t break. The Ten Rings said that if he won’t be able to deliver the next day, both of them will be dead.
It was the Red Skull who greeted them. He showed them the way to the stone and explained to them that he is forever cursed to be the one who guides people in their quest to finding the soul stone.  They had a plan; it was all laid down really. The plan was to get the stone from this timeline, get back to theirs, and undo what Thanos did. But Nat should’ve known because it was never that easy.
sorry,” Tony said. “We were supposed to be protecting you but it turned out that we were the main cause of your hurt.”
?” Scott looked away. “Look, I know that you have a wife and a kid but a lot of people lost theirs – I... lost someone, too. And we have a chance to bring them back.” Tony looked at the three of them, eyes unreadable. Morgan went out of the house and climbed his lap. “I can’t. I’m grateful to even have this second chance. If we’re not going to talk about this, you can stay for lunch.” That was it. Nat and the guys contacted Bruce and were able to convince him.
She knew that in the end Tony came to help Steve (which just proves the fact that they always come back to each other). She didn’t know what happened after that, Steve always dodges the topic when it comes up but based on his reactions, she’d say that it turned out for the worse.
Steve ran towards Tony, pushing pass Pepper. When Tony was about to fall, Steve caught him. When all of them finally talked, everyone was tense. When Steve said that they’ve been looking for weeks and he needed Tony to focus, the latter snapped.
They spoke the same way they did every time one of them was going to do something stupid. And here they thought this was like Budapest. Clint leaned his forehead against Natasha’s. They stayed that way for a few seconds, savoring the feeling of each other because it will be the last time. When they pulled back from each other, well, they fought. A whole sequence ensued which ended with both of them almost falling off.
Vision was the one who welcomed them upon their arrival in the compound before they were transferred into a meeting room where Rhodey –
, and then I saw him doing the yellow sparkly thing he does all the time –” Tony shook his head as he stepped forward, muttering in agreement with Peter before pulling him up for a hug. “What are you doing?” he wrapped his arms, tightly, around him before closing his eyes and letting the fact that
Steve let his lips curl into a small smile upon hearing Tony say those words. He couldn’t help but remember their talk back in 2015 – god, eight years have passed since. Those were really simpler times. He remembers him talking about taking a page from Clint’s book and maybe buying Pepper a farm. He remembers how he said that maybe 75 years ago, he would have done the same but a different man came out of the ice. And how Tony responded by telling him that he’ll get there someday.
Tony let out a deep breath before chuckling, “that world’s Peter Parker, was he mad at his Tony Stark?” The question was good natured, like he already knew the answer but still asked anyway. “Yeah, I know I would be,” Peter answered as he smiled at Tony before wiping his tears away. “I never stopped thinking about that moment when Thanos snapped his fingers and turned half the universe into dust. I couldn’t stop thinking about how scared you were when you told me you didn’t want to go.
A lot has happened since, really. The Avengers formed together because of Loki and the Chitauri attack. After, they moved in with Stark and resided in – what was dubbed now as – the Avengers Tower. If she was being honest, she knew that agreeing with Sta – Tony about moving into the tower could only end up in two ways, it’s either they start hating each other’s guts (because they were dysfunctional; a man out of time, a man with daddy issues, a god, two master assassins, and a green rage monster so really no surprise if it all turns to shit) or she’ll have a team.
“He sounded tired,” she whispered. “Like he’s done being angry, done being stubborn, like something wrong will happen and I’ll be gone,” Steve balled his fists. “Tony has always been strong, you know, so to see him to give up... it made me realize how hurt he’s been,”
Steve was about to take a hit from the alien he was fighting when it turned to dust. He panted and looked around him – Thanos’ army is turning to dust. He, then, saw Thanos who was sitting down vanish.
