Tony came up from his lab the next day to find Steve on the couch reading. Feeling drained from his accords meeting he made his way over, hopping into Steve’s lap. Laughing at Tony’s interruption, Steve looked at him saying, “Hey baby, I’m guessing you’re here for attention.”
Steve’s expression then changed to something searching as he crossed his arms. It was as if regarded Tony’s barked out laughter laced with overconfidence as a problem he couldn’t wait to solve. Tony settled back in his chair raising his elbows to rest on the worktable behind him, conveying a false look of comfort at Steve’s perusal. “You’re not dominant enough to order me around, no one is Cap. I do what I want when I want, and there isn’t fuck all anyone, especially you, can do about that.”
When Steve eyes traveled back up just as slowly, his face grew red as they stopped on Tony’s chest. He closed the distance between himself and Tony so quick, had anyone blinked they would have missed the movement. “Are these…?” Steve began to ask but trailed off as he took the chain around Tony’s neck in his hands and confirmed they were in fact his dog tags. A dark dangerous look covered his face as he met Tony’s eyes, growling to everyone in the room, “Get out.”
“He was very vanilla and wouldn’t try a lot of things I wanted. Now vanilla is ok for me some days, definitely a fan of giving it to you slowly making you feel every inch sliding deep. But sometimes, I like to exert a little more control with my partners. He thought that meant I wanted to force myself on him and hurt him. I tried explaining that just because I want to hold you down or tie you up doesn’t mean I’ll hurt you. It’s knowing I’m completely in control of your body. That I can make you come anytime or keep you on edge as long as I want, and can put you in any position I know will make you scream for me.”
His expression slowly changed from playful to more serious, eyes growing heated as he leaned in closer to Tony. A hand came to Tony’s neck and Steve’s fingers began trailing back and forth lightly. “As for being exclusive, I think we’d need to sit down and evaluate our relationship first. You just let me know when you’re ready to talk about it, and we’ll see about pushing the boundaries of our ‘
Bucky resolved to accelerate his plans in making his ownership of Tony common knowledge, wanting to claim him publicly. He hated sitting through dinner unable to establish Tony was his. The reason he was able to make it through dinner without punching something was Tony. Bucky gave a genuine smile across the table each time Tony squirmed with his face heating before looking at Bucky.
“A tidy workspace.” I finished the saying for him, my bottom lip sticking out in defiance. “So you’re here to tell me not to play with it? That’s unfair.”
The eldest Alpha let out a terse laugh. “Oh Thor… can’t you see? Family means nothing. Poor father, slipping into that coma. If the fool hadn’t gotten too comfortable then he would have known to check for poison.”
“Tony, I will say this as a mother and a mother alone; I am not letting you near any Alpha, regardless of their place in our society or their society. You will be with Virginia and other Omegas to learn…”
Loki, despite his stoic and unfriendly front, cared about his older brother. The two of them together had challenged ideas on what makes an Omega an Omega and Alpha an Alpha. They had trained together, and even though he knew his older sibling could pick him up and throw him if wanted to, they trusted one another.
She loaded the coach and took my hand as she helped me into the carriage. The seats were plump, a royal blue felt-type material that appeared to comfort the flesh through clothing. I dragged my finger along the copper trimmings along the windows, mouth contorting into disgust as a thing veil of dust came along with my finger like a stow-away on a busy commercial boat. I wiped the dust off on the seat besides me and looked out of the window.
I can do so much more. I am strong, Heimdell!” Thor was breathing heavily, cheeks flushed, eyes wild.
The Alpha stopped, shoulders stiffening. “How could I send you away? Who else would I have to annoy?” He spoke curtly, quickly. “Now come on, you big lug.”
I could dance. Not very well, since the teacher found me far too hyper-active and quit after only six lessons of teaching me. I wanted to turn and swoop and move all around. That was expected of Omegas and, as expected from my youth, I was punished for making a mockery of my family through being so un-Omega like. Being locked in a room for three days straight sounds fun, so long as there is some sort of relief for the brain. But Father had removed all of my toys and I was without much stimulation. I think that my brain compensated by growing my imagination. An unsuitable thing for an Omega to use.
I walked to the workbench; slid my fingers across the smooth bench; opened a heavy drawer with a slight heave.
I dunked my bread into some strawberry jam, grinning. “That sounds terrific!” I exclaimed, looking into his eyes. He looked into mine.
Thor wanted to fight. He wanted to show-off… but he was kept in a watch tower far from the battle with an older man with the fiercest eyes one could ever see.
The first man to enter was tall and blond and had long blond hair that was braided at parts yet left down in other areas. He smiled at me and Natasha. “Hello, I greet you warmly.” He said kindly, with an odd tint to his voice. “My name is Thor Odinson, Omega. I am happy that I have been allowed to visit you.”
People, strangers, were trying to understand who I was and would become downstairs. Back at home, in the village, my mother and father think they know who I was and who I would become. It was a simple waiting game for them; just ironing out a few mistakes and then presenting me at the age of sixteen with a pretty white bow wrapped around my virginal body.
“Because the privileged have less privileges than the common man sometimes. They speak about you. Your father and his friends and the soldiers he hires. They speak about you like you’re a bag of shiny new coins and it makes me feel sick.”
Of course, most books in the room were written by Omegas, oppressed individuals, self-confessed Nomads. Diaries. I picked one up, enjoyed with little floral motif that had been drawn so delicately onto the front of the book, bound by lace, and opened the front.
Rhodey took my hand and squeezed it in thanks. I smiled at him. My Rhodey. Before the kiss we shared when I was ten, this was his way for showing me affection. Squeezing my hand.
Pepper took my hand. “Sadly, you won’t be in the same room at last time. Instead, Doctor Banner had us organise your own room.” She explained this to me as we walked up the stairs.
“I love him.” I whispered to the floorboards, waiting for Aunt Peggy’s verdict. “He makes me happy.”
“Then I shall sort it.” She bent down and kissed my cheek kindly. “I shall see you in two weeks, I will send your father the details!” I watched as she walked down the path and turned right, where a horse and cart would probably be waiting to take her back along the two-hour road that led to the city.
“Your mother told me that Obadiah was in your room, alone… why would you father allow something like that to happen?” She muttered after a while, the room becoming icy. I gulped; she stroked my hair once more. “I’m glad you’ll be away from him. He’s always spoken about ‘wanting’ you… You, Tony, deserve much better than Lord Stane. You deserve better than any other Alpha your father decides is worthy of your affections.”
“They might be worthy to some Omegas, but I want to try new things. I’ll always dance and sing and ride-horses… please?”
It was early, the sky red from the sun’s entrance back into our skies. I had always wondered about the sun and the moon and the stars; what where they? How did they get up there? How long would it take to reach one? What did we look like to other humans on the stars, if there were any at all?
She did smile, however, when I showed her my hand mirror. I had made it myself, with help from Rhodey, around a year ago. It was wonky and the paint had been low-quality; Rhodey had stolen from the cadet’s station for me after we agreed that asking for paints would cause an uproar between Dara, my father, my mother and any other shareholders in what was classed as a proper activity for a young Omega to take on.
“Which isn’t many other people.” She pointed out to me. I nodded stiffly. “That is not your fault. I am determined to right by you, Tony Stark.”
I had changed out of the cords and into a skirt on the ride home with Pepper. Oh Pepper, if only you had stayed a few minutes…
“Excellent! You’re already several steps ahead! Then, shortly you can have a look around. The books are not in any particular category, I am afraid; there are simply too many books to be able to do so!”
The sun was up when Pepper patted me awake. I had fallen asleep at the desk as some point, and at some other point Pepper had gone to bed, slept, woken up and decided to check to see if I was alive.
The sentence of course being something so simple, so easy that now I yearn for the straight forward knowledge and understanding that came with it.
Natasha did not seem phased by the strangely muscular Omega. Not as much as I, at least. Natasha did not show emotion that easily. I never really learned to tell the difference between concern and disappointment on her face, amongst other emotions.
“Well, surely she knew that it was a bad idea to allow you to have a workbench? She certainly did not seem impressed by me when we met last, so I doubt she is aware of the movement.”
The familiar silence settled again. Pepper allowed me thinking time before she opened her mouth once again. “I want our relationship to be honest and open, Tony. No lies, no secrets.”
I collected my design and walked with Pepper to the dining room, where food had been prepared. Sausages and bacon and toast, along with little pots of jam, all sorts of the flavours.
“Yes. Breathing is an option today.” She hummed in agreement, and ran her dutifully painted nails down the present she had given me. She then wrapped it around me, tight. I took in a quick breath, ready to feel my organs shift and deform.
I felt a sudden pang in my heart, something that I had grown accustomed to over the past week and a half. Aunt Peggy did not, as I suspected she would not, tell my mother or my father.
She sat on my bed, stroking my hair as she hummed a forgotten song. The semantics of nature spring to mind when I think of the song now though I wish, I dearly wish I could remember it. Her voice would lilt even through the simplistic communication of humming; that song was a comfort.
Doctor Bruce Banner was a man who hid himself away. A recluse, as people would reason, Alpha with no social requirements. His money came from a series of essays written about his studies on Omegas.
We discussed, briefly, the event with Obadiah. How he told her that he would offer good money for me; claim me as his and ensure she would never have to work again.
He then looked confused and stared at me some more. “Miss Potts?” He said softly, like he was coaxing a baby out of a nightmare.
It did cross my mind that perhaps who I am would be contained on the paper I wrote on, oddly enough.
The noise took us all by surprise. The kiss broke, and we looked into each other’s eyes. His pupils were dilated and carried a predatory look about them.
“My boy, are you not happy with your lessons in dancing, and singing and horse-riding? They are worthy hobbies!”
“I think somebody is tired.” She said quickly, before patting me on the back. “Go to bed now, Tony, I will be up soon.” She said quickly.
Whimpering was only going to make matters worse, I knew that. I had to draw the courage to speak, besides my fear in what may have happen. Or, what was going to happen, if I did not speak up soon.
He smiled, a genuine smile. “Design me something for…. Something for office use. Anything that pops into your head. Show me tomorrow morning and I’ll let you know what I can offer you, Tony.” He offered. I knew it was an offer, despite not phrasing it as one, due to his eyes. It sounds silly, ridiculously so, but I could see the gentleness in his eyes.
Auntie Peg looked taken aback, eyes wide. An Alpha, friends with an Omega? It was unheard of, especially in the upper classes of society. I watched as her eyebrow furrowed, rose and then furrowed again.
In the short time it had been on my body, it had not caused me as much suffering at the rags had done. Not nearly as much. And Natasha was
Still, my ten-year-old brain wondered what life with breasts would be like. The corset was designed for the male body-type and did not come with breast cups. I wriggled the corset down slightly to give easier access to my chest, and pushed the minuscule amount of fat behind my nipples together.
Regardless of this, my mother expected greatness in the form of my body, and consequently she expected to feel proud that she had at least mothered a successful Omega.
There were not many occasions for an Omega to feel like the centre of attention, but during the festivities after the ceremony, Omegas seized the opportunity like a cat upon a mouse. All who were part of the ceremony must give the Omega a gift. A needle set, a new tea cup, some dress lining material. Something useful that they could use once they moved into their Alpha’s home.
“Tony, we better watch out! Your father might catch glimpse of this article and rip the corset of you himself!” Pepper laughed as she also ate. I felt like it was my turn to speak, but I had not the wits to reply with anything decent.
Aunt Peggy sounded so concerned. Her voice was hard and cold; it terrified me slightly to hear the new tone that I previously had not though possible.
In time, Hela married a young Omega that barely spoke a word. She was petite and pretty and a red head. At night, when Thor would sneak around the castle in search for something new to discover, he would hear cries coming from Hela’s chambers.
Now I am the present because the future does not exist. And for the first time in my life, I must go on without the security of the past because that does not matter. Not anymore.
“Because if your Pa finds out I’m here, then I’ll be toast and you’ll be in trouble to. I don’t want you to be in trouble.”
My mother would have screamed ‘harlot’ and fainted if she knew Natasha. She made me uncomfortable, with her confidence and loud presence; she was reading out an article about the Omegas running riot in the city.
Aunt Peggy let out a sigh. It was not hard or soft, angry or sad, quick or slow. Just a sigh. The concealed meaning of the sigh made me look up at her.
“Good morning, Tony.” Natasha spoke softly as she ate some toast covered in a red jam. I nodded, still sleepy. She took my nod as a reply and went back to… writing? I believe at the time she was writing.
“He’s here!” Pepper exclaimed, running to get the door. Something eased in my body and I let out a sigh I had not realised was attempting to leave me. Pepper had said something about others coming, had she not? I was overreacting.
That seemed unlikely. Dara was my closest friend, despite never actually being my friend in any conventional terms.
So I stayed still and allowed Rhodey to walk down the garden path as we made our way up North, away from my village and my troubles.
Brunnhilde led the Valkyrie into battles of woe and loss; Loki planned attacks, sneaky and cunning in their layout.
Thor told me that he felt a connection to Dr. Banner the day they met, in the docks of an Asgardian fishing port. The man had been awkward at first, quiet too… and it wasn’t until the third day on the two-week voyage that the Doctor actually began to speak properly to the Asgardian refugee. It seemed right, in all honesty, to imagine the Doctor being so silent.
I looked at his hand confused. What was he trying to do, this young Alpha? He worked for my father, it’s as if he could get away with stealing or hurting me. I let out a hum.
He looked like he’d offended me, which I hadn’t. I could use it to my advantage, though. I took a step backwards, away from him.
“Loki, you said yesterday that, well, that when Hela takes over the throne, she’ll kick me out of the kingdom.” He whispered.
“Bruce made bread and it was really bad. He burnt it, but it was nice to soak up in wine in any case!” He chittered, clearly thrilled. “Do you like wine, Tony? Natasha makes her own, it-“
There was a time when I think I enjoyed being just an Omega. Where the lack of control meant there was chance of things going wrong.
We had not spoken since that fateful day. I wanted to tumble out of the carriage and speak to him about what had transpired and what had happen to my ring, but I also knew that it would be improper and would lead to serious consequences.
Rhodey and I had broken so many rules. Thank my guardian angel that Aunt Peggy had found us. She was breaking another rule by being at the home without mother or father being present. We were a house of sinners and that was something that had to be addressed sooner or later.
“Your mother does not decide. It is your father who does, and once I write to him and tell him that I must get to know you personally as to find you the best match, he will not say no. You mother has no influence over what I do, Tony Stark.” Again. The confidence she displayed, in herself, in her beliefs, in what potential lay in our friendship. So much confidence in me, too, not that I understood at that what having confidence in another human meant.
“I would love to spend the day with you, Miss Potts.” I told her. I meant it, truly. I wanted to tell her that I wanted to be sold to Rhodey if I had to go to any Alpha at all.
Virginia was staring at me expectantly, a young smile on her face. I felt like she might have understood the inner battle I was facing by being offered a present. She turned to my mother.
The kiss deepened, and some alien noise filled the air, escaping from my lungs. It was a moan. My first sexual moan. The first of many. Stolen from my body by Rhodey.
“It’s just Natasha, Tony. The only person who is not on a first-name basis is the Doctor… but he is not here at present therefore you need not worry about it.”
There was light chatter from the hallway. Pepper’s voice, clear and bright and chipper. A softer voice, a male’s voice. And another male’s voice, much like Pepper’s in its clarity.
University sure is something. I'm learning lots, I think I just need to learn to how TIME-MANAGE GODDAMNIT
It was ten AM when the carriage began to ride up a winding cobble stone path. Totleigh Manor was visible, though it did not look like any manor I remember seeing before in my life. A thickly thatched roof, with a ground floor and a first storey. The stone walls of the manor were white and appeared to be well looked-after.
“That you are clever and need an escape from pretending not to be. How did you make it?” Pepper looked so interested in what I had to say. Bless Pepper.
My mother had told me that I would probably end up becoming a lady. ‘If you play your cards right,’ she’d add ‘you could be the lady of your own manor!’
“That is not how it works. I- Tony, he wants to make sure that your Alpha is suitable to look after the business… when you’re older, he’ll… he’ll choose your Alpha and then your Alpha will decide to… I better go.” He looked sorry for me. I’ve learnt to hate that look. An Alpha’s look of pity, reserved for poor Omegas who are too dumb to understand the situations they’re in.
It wasn’t much of a surprise that Civil War broke out. Hela was ruthless; ordering public executions, burning down the homes of those she disliked. The Valkyrie swore to fight for the Princes of Asgard after fifty warriors were murdered by Hela’s own hands for ‘conspiracy’.
Obidiah spoke about the mutilation of the Omega-child as if he was speaking about the ripest of fruit.
Thor walked in with my bags, setting them down effortlessly. He took in a heavy sniff. “That smells amazing, Natasha! Oh, I can’t wait to eat it!”
I felt a box in my hands, and smiled. “You can open your eyes now, Tony.” I did so. The present was wrapped in newspaper and string. It looked scruffy, but who was I to complain about that at the time? My hand did quick work with opening the gift as I rested in on my legs. The newspaper fell out easily and the string followed. The box inside was a soft pink, and I looked up at Rhodey in slight confusion.
I think about the Omega that was at Totleigh Manor. Thor. He had moved there to live, and despite his foreign looks he produced a feeling from me, a feeling of guilt. He had been through much, not that I knew at that moment. I wonder now why the world had to make such difficulties for young Omegas. People in general. Rhodey was very much an Alpha who seemed to see past the barrier of gender; why was is harder for others?
But when I was caught telling Miss Drayton about my Omega Knight character by my mother, it was certain that I had to at least attempt to be a good Omega. For my mother’s sake. The nanny was thrown out of the house for encouraging such ‘ghastly mindsets’.
It was why she resided at Totleigh Manor, where Omegas were given choices and freedoms. She could not help the ones who she personally had doomed, so instead she settled with preventing such things from happening.
It sounded amazing. It also sounded like something I couldn’t trust. Another trap, my brain sprung up to the forefront of my mind. I quickly shoved it back with an inwardly huff. Not Pepper. Not when she had already broken many rules regarding what was traditionally expected of both her role and mine.
When Thor was a toddler his father bought home a scrawny babe. He hadn’t seen Odin in four months and when man revealed the child, he giggled, petting the dark hair and burbling about being a great sibling.
“It is wonderful.” I whispered, dragging my feet along the thick cream rug that was laid over the wooden flooring. My throat felt weak despite the questions burning to get out.
I would marry James Rhodes, live in my own little cottage and make my own furniture. Not much else could stop me.
He looks ready to ejaculate again. “I will go and release your little friend if agree to my conditions. If not… well, I’ll declare you as damaged goods, torture your Rhodes and stuff him full of shit and let the bugs eat him alive in a field.”
“So, I’m a friend now?” I wondered what the logistics of what would be. Friends with one of my father’s employees? It seemed laughable. My father would have struck him and fired him with no character reference if he had known that this conversation had taken place under the stairs to his office, Rhodey in the house without consent and helping me set up something entirely illegal. My mother would have fainted.
The cell was cold and damp. Thor lived off the crust of bread. He knew his muscle mass was wearing down, despite his attempts to stay fit. He smelled like faeces and sweat. The hay stuck to his body and jabbed his flesh.
“Are you okay, Tony? Pepper shouldn’t have been so rough.” He asked with timid concern. Like he was afraid of scaring me.
I am glad in a sense that I never found my voice, my true voice, until the day I was sent to stay at Totleigh.  It is my fear that helped me survive. Fear is the perfect method of co-operation.
Pepper chuckled. I remembered the conversation and tensed slightly. I did not want to ask about it. I wanted to complete this challenge first, figure out where I stood with Dr Banner.
Frigga sat with Thor, stroking her son’s arm as the King was buried, body lowered into the ground. Loki stood next to Hela, arms folded. He traced the curve of the smirk on the oldest sibling’s face. He had his hardships with Odin, that was for sure… but the death had bought the kingdom into mourning.
That evening I returned home after a long journey with Pepper. She then told me that I would return to Totleigh Manor with her once every three weeks. She got out of the carriage to get my bag, which was also stuffed with reading material and pencils and paper, and gave me a large hug. I hugged her back.
My mind keeps reeling back, deep into my past and I cannot seem to keep straight. Yet, this is my story and for once I won’t apologise for not making sense. I hope that, if somebody is reading this, they understand that my journey was one of sacrifice, of suffering. And that those to sacrificed themselves for me understand that I love them dearly.
“The, ugh, newspaper?” I shrugged; it was not impressive, not when my father bought thick, thousand-pages long books back home to read up on. Still, Natasha gave a nod.
“I’ll go to the ceremony.” It was a promise that I could not keep. Mother would not let me attend a ceremony for a working-class Omega. I had only been allowed to three coming-of-age ceremonies before that point in my life.
Writing is what began my revolt against society. The Omegas who had written on the walls of Totleigh Manor may now only be the ink left on stone and wood, but I am not. I suppose it has always been my destiny to speak out against how we are treated, perceived. There was a story in Totleigh Manor, about Moses delivering his people to their promised land. Biblical. An Alpha who is wronged by society.
“Oh, but we’ve been friends for two years! Aunt Peggy, he gave me a promise ring, look!” I held up the ring, realising at that moment that he had not placed it on me. It was not true if the Alpha did not place the ring on the Omega. I let out a gasp. “Oh no!”
“Well… What would you like to know?” He sounds genuinely curious but confused at the same time. I walk towards the paved veranda, sheltered from the rain.
“Lord Stane says that he has mentally, and that the mental innocence is of great import, even more so than the physical.” She toldme, and the monotone drone of her usually chirpy voice only confirmed what I had feared.
“Tony, my boy! We have been worried sick!” He exclaimed with fake concern. He felt nervous again, and wanted to curl up. “We caught that rapist dog.” He moved closer to me, wrapping a hand around my wrist. I screamed out, until he slapped a sweating palm over my lips and tutted.
Loki was no idiot. He studied, knew the rules of the war and compromise. Thor wouldn’t be lucky enough to be the Wife of a kindly young noble Alpha. He wouldn’t be looked after, he wouldn’t be allowed to train or have fun.
“Or you need to work extra hard and maybe my dad will give you a really good job.” I said to him. There was another silence, this one carrying with it a sort of awkwardness. Rhodey looked down, a sad expression on his face. He then looked at me.
‘Darling Alpha,’ she might begin ‘I wonder what it is exactly they will teach Tony at Totleigh Manor? I hope it is useful and helps him to become an asset of course!’ She would then look down, at the boiled vegetables, still slightly hard in the middle for the texture she claimed to enjoy.
I know what he wants to do. He’ll lie regardless. Say that I have been tainted but am not pregnant, that God has seen my worth and given me a second chance. But he will touch me and put his finger in me.
“Hey, hey, it’s a joke, Tones. Keep goin’, you’ll find the gift. C’mon. For me?” He added the question on so endearingly, who was I to refuse my one true love?
Though, he also earned a pretty penny through other works; there was a world somewhere that respected Omegas, a world that was not obsessed with stressing the place of an Omega or keeping an Omega oppressed by rules.
At the age of five, I was poked and prodded and wrapped up tight so that I might achieve a size 23 waist at the age of sixteen. Most Match Makers work with the family for life, but the old, haggard woman with breath like sour milk and whiskers that belonged on a dying cat died when I was 10. It was then her granddaughter, only six years my elder, who took over the position. I was her first client, and she tutted in shame when she first saw the tender flesh under the five-year-old cloth wrapping.
“I’m not a coward, I’m just not stupid.” He replied, elbowing the lanky Alpha. Loki huffed. “Why would you even want to mess with the Valkyrie, anyway?”
Pepper smiled at me, eyes sparkling. “This happened sooner than I anticipated, Tony.” She mused. “Not that I mind; Dr. Banner wants to teach you himself!”
Aunt Peggy came to visit me the evening before I was supposed to set off to live at Totleigh. Her face was pale and she looked remorseful. Her hair, usually kept in a tidy tight bun, revealing the sparsely planted beginnings of grey hair was down and wavy; brushed yet not well-kempt.
I never really thought about using that power as a child. Whilst not understanding the basics of telling somebody ‘no’, the immense power of being able to have somebody removed from my life was blaringly evil.
She was then pounced on by another thug. Natasha grunted as she fell into the puddles of blood that had been collated from the fellow slain Omegas whose bodies were strewn across the room as if they were nothing more than rugs. The Thug punched her in the stomach, causing the young woman to lurch forward, grunting in pain. It was due to the blood, though, that the Thug slipped as he attempted to place his hand down to settle himself after the punch. Natasha kneed him in the groin and slipped from underneath the murderer. She kicked him hard in the stomach, but she knew that it would not be enough.
The bed was wooden, oak, four poster, with dangling muslin. Between two posts that lined up against the wall, the phrase ‘Today I am fighting, tomorrow I am free’ painted in thick black paint.
The air was cool as Pepper carried my overnight bag to the horse and cart that had parked in front of my home. The coachman, a shy looking Beta, began to climb off his sea as to assists – Pepper dismissed him with a casual shake of the head.
Dara cleaned me up. She wiped the sweat, the blood, the ungodly stains that had formed on my blankets and had curled, like sour milk, on my legs. I remained almost unresponsive, allowing my maid to clean me almost silently.
It’s been a month and, at this point, I think I might be in love with Thor. Platonically of course, but regardless of that he is a person that is easy to love.
I undo the lime green bow, letting it fall to the floor. My mother tuts; no doubt she will pick up the fabric, wrap it around and around her index and middle finger on her left hand and place it in her sewing room. She’d use it in a dress for a gala or a ball or one of Father’s at-home business meetings, where she is expected to hand out drinks and appetisers and kneel at Father’s side, head on his lap.
Thor Odinson had travelled a large distance to come to Totleigh Barton and live there. He had grown tired of his father’s plans for him and had taken off in the night, with enough money to get him lodgings, information and travel. He had a great deal of stories to tell, too. But I suppose I’ll save them for later. They might prove to be a mood-shifter.
I was in my room, wearing a long white skirt and the corset that Pepper gave me. It was Dara who had named it a ‘corset’. Her sister, a skilled seamstress who lived in the city, made them for Match Makers, who then sold them to Omegas for a hefty profit.
I smiled, enjoying the opportunity I now had to show off my room. I know now that the size of one’s bed or the plumpness of one’s pillow is not an accurate or correct method of identifying one’s happiness or contentedness in life. It was a hard lesson to learn, however.
Dr. Banner looked at me, eyes filled with concern? Or something of the sort? He then cleared his throat. “What do you like to do, Tony?” He asked me softly.
I felt my head go light once more at the thought of being added to Obadiah’s list of Omegas. I do not wish to become an empty shell, when I have recently learned how there were others in my situation, shamed and isolated and ready to learn.
Alphas are encouraged to take up manual professions, especially those who are lower class and therefore will not be expected to do well or even take up educational studies. One such profession Alphas are encouraged to take up is woodworking. Hammers, nails, saws, all on the hefty wooden work bench.
The stairway was wide and in the middle of the hall. Half way through, however, the stairway split into two, one case of stairs going left and the other one going right.
I pretended to sleep and I assume that Aunt Peggy told Dara that I was probably be asleep and that it would be best to let me rest.
At that, Loki began to struggle again, hosting himself up enough to kick the Queen in the chest. Her footing wobbled, edging her closer to the ocean and rock below.
Thor was still an Omega, he had gone through all the relative steps. Hela didn’t want him in the castle. She wouldn’t have use for an Omega like him.
That had been the issue; her attitude. Her need to play pretend. I remember when one day, she never turned up to our play date, Mother first explained to me Lord Stane’s role in our society.
Father was away. Mother was sleeping. Dara was visiting her seamstress sister in the city whilst I was away.
I still never touched it at that age. I was too afraid that some monster would eat me if I attempted to stroke to prod the passageway to my womb.
Corpses burnt along the streets, homes bordered up, blood, congealed and thick amongst the pavements.
Rhodey’s head snapped around to stare at the shocked woman, guilt written on his handsome features. I didn’t dare look. I wanted to hide from the future, wished with all my might for the earth to swallow me hole and live my life in darkness away from all human contact.
The room inside smelled of fresh paint, the colour of which was a pale blue. The window, a large circular one that opened on alternative panes, was wide and framed with a pair of net curtains, the pattern of which revealing a series of birds flying in different directions. A sofa, white, was central to the window, decorated in a knitted blanket that read the word ‘courage’.
“If you were mine, your Pa could keep his company and his money. It don’t matter to me. But I’d take your workbench and give you as much paper and as many pencils as I could get. Because you are genius. The plans you made for the rotating apple carts worked, Tony. I had to take the credit and it made me feel dirty. I got the ring with the money your dad paid me.”
My worries are unneeded, however; he stands with a look of tranquillity about him, face tilted towards the clouds, arms outstretched, body glistening, almost.
Pepper hugged the new lady close. Of course, the ‘new lady’ is not new to me anymore. Just like Pepper is not a new friend and Rhodey is longer a young boy. But in my mind, when I see Pepper, I see the young 16-year-old with enough confidence to change the world.
Now, if he had been born into farm work, or poverty, then it is likely that he would have been left in a field to die. Since his father was ruler of his land…
James Rhodes stayed behind, waiting until Dara had gone back to the kitchen before appearing back in my room. I had been admiring the new gift, inspecting the nails. They felt dull and heavy in my hand, mothing like the shining steel that were fastened tightly into my bedroom wall. It didn’t bother, though; they felt so different to the wooden toys and the felt toys and the paper toys that I had been surrounded by all my life.
“I love this room, the view from the windows is breath taking.” Pepper took my hand and sat me down beside her at the alcove. She pressed her forehead against the glass and I did the same. The room was to the back of the manor. The garden was long and filled with colour, a pond residing in the middle. A barn was also in close proximity; with a shed also close by. Horses, sheep and chickens roamed the land freely.
“And I bet your father paid an arm and a leg for that one there, little ‘un.” She messed up my hair, causing my hair to stick up in a frizzy mess. I scowled at her.
“No, no… you certainly aren’t.” He mumbled, looking at my work. “So, it’s a device that let’s you magnetise and copy up writing that perhaps is difficult to the naked eye?” He questioned.
“I am not a slacker, Dr. Banner.” I told him clearly, forgetting myself. He then winced, waiting for a hit or telling-off.
Naturally, Dara had tried to tell me after suffering the consequence of such a gremlin child visit that all I had to do was blame the other child of some atrocity and therefore have them removed from my life.
I did not want to live in the city, anyway. I enjoyed watching the stable hands ride the horses in the morning, the birds building nests in the hedges and trees that were scattered outside my bedroom window. I loved the countryside.
One of the Alphas who helped carry the forbidden toy was a dark-skinned 13 year old who I recognised from the soldier marches that took place once a month. James Rhodes? That seemed right. He was a cadet, top of his year’s class. He’d make a fine soldier, if he carried on the way he had been. Perfect for a young middle-class Omega.
And as I lay in my bed, tears falling down my cheeks, I held my ring finger up to the moonlight. And I felt a strange feeling. A feeling of hope.
But she did her job and soon became fond of the unusual Omega. Thor was a quick learner. He tried hard and cared and seemed to be born to battle. She naturally had gotten into many debates with her fellow warriors about her new job; but after witnessing the young royal leave a four inch gap in a shield the arguments died down.
My body had begun to develop, curves setting in as my hips swelled out. I often discovered slick on my drawers, from the budding birth canal that lay hidden underneath my penis. I had not touched it. Mother had scared me into staying away from it. But sometimes it felt hot and bothered me until I rubbed my thighs together for friction. It felt good.
“She’s going to destroy herself before she even gets close to being Queen. I won’t let her, anyway. It’s my throne.”
“I know.” She replied easily. My head snapped up, a mixture of shock and surprise. She was neutral, no fall or grimace or twist outwardly visible on her expression. “Tony, you showed me that mirror. Everything else was so predictable in your room. The clothes and the dolls. If you like those things, then fine. But chances are you do not. The mirror, you held it with pride and when you called it
Snorting, Natasha placed her lips next to my ear. “He and the Doctor were dancing, she’s jealous that nobody asked her to dance.” She faux-whispered.
“… Virginia has told me that the only Alpha is the master of the land, whom she says is a recluse. You must learn Tony, otherwise Lord Stane may actually get his way-“ She cut herself off which a fearsome snap of the jaw. Guilt ran down her face; my mother had, for the first time, acknowledged the pain and anguish forced onto her, myself and all other Omegas by Lord Stane.
Thor opened the door, a large smile plastered on his face. He picked me up in a hug, and I wondered why, in his land, he wasn’t killed for his abnormality.
The second man to enter was quite a bit shorter and plain-looking than Thor. He seemed nervous, which is something I could appreciate given the sort of atmosphere he was in. The man smiled at Natasha and me, before looking down.
Pepper gave a quick nod before making a hush gesture. “Behave now, don’t talk about people behind their back!”
I had a lot of questions about Natasha, as I ate thick cuts of bread layered with freshly churned butter. I wonder now if I should have spoken to her then, or if she would have been just as weary of me as I was, initially, of her.
The song came to an end at Pepper used slightly too much power was she pushed me away, sending me flying. I landed, of course, where no decent Omega should land.
“Under the stairs!” I exclaimed in suggestion; under the stairs that led upwards to the attic space, which was also my father’s personal work space, was filled with my old toys and clothing from when I was a toddler. It was a wide space with a slanted roof and room for one candle holder. It would be the perfect place for a secret workshop. And far better than having my father find it angrily confront me and Dara about it. She would lose her position and I would lose yet more respect from my father for not even being able to fulfil the requirements set out for Omegas. Un-Omega activity was punishable by imprisonment or in some cases death, since it was unlawful.
I showed a slightly perplexed James Rhodes the room under the stairs, and felt some sort of pride bulge in my stomach at the satisfied expression that came upon the young Alpha’s face. He was pleased with my suggestion.
“Oh really? How do you know that your father did not just buy if from her beforehand and told her to gift it to you?”
The corset was an excellent birthday gift and I felt glad to own it. I tried my hardest to ignore the seeds of doubt that Dara had placed in my head. My father would not know that such things existed, surely?
I looked up, met with her eyes. A fire roared within those oakwood orbs; her need to protect me, to shelter me, to create a sense of justice for me and my stolen innocence.
I shook my head. It’s painful think about, his finger is a ghost inside me and I feel bile begin to fill my throat again.
“Oh Tony, I’m making sure you get the wealthiest, best Alpha I can find.” She told me with a slight bump on the hip.
Much like how she did not want to be a Mother and a Wife, Natasha quickly decided that she no longer wanted to be bad or used for sex. After asking for the money she had earned, the group attempted to kill her. She found that years of pickpocketing and silent moving and knife tricks had made her quite lethal. Within moments, she had killed the three thugs who had attempted to murder her in cold blood. Staring at what she had done, Natasha came to the resolution that she now could only have one job in society; protect and empower other Omegas.
“… Howard Stark’s child is here...” He said, before groaning. I felt a little offended at that; I was not nausea-inducing! Pepper sat the Doctor down, pouring him some water.
Had I been so transparent? I knew that I trusted Pepper Potts from the moment I met her but the fact she could discern all of that from the brief amount of time I had spent with her in my room that day was concerning to my mind. I did not wish to be so easily readable.
Such a simple statement, really. A gender, an announcement, turned such as prideful moment like the one my father was experiencing into a moment of pain and agony. Shame.
Rhodey gave me the chance to do something fun and different. I helped me learn how to read bigger words, he… he was kind and I knew that deep down I should run away with him because it’s the most free I would ever possibly get.
“Yes he i- was. He was a lot of fun, even if he was annoying.” Thor look down for a moment, before laughing again. “Tony, it must have been so relaxing, having no siblings.”
I allow a moment to think about my words. We had kissed and held hands – that was defilement of a sorts, surely? But he had been kind and had not hurt me and would have waited until I had grown, until I had been ready.
“Tony, I will be back in the village again in two weeks. I will pick you up and take you out for the day. How does that sound?”
“Run away with me. Not right now ‘cause I can’t provide you with anything. But I’ve been researching and when you turn sixteen I can mate you and we can run away together and get an elopement. We’ll live in a cottage and we’ll build together. I’ll hunt for food and money and you can sell what we make.”
Her hand left my shoulder and I keened at the loss of such a comforting touch. Virginia walked over to the bag she had bought with her and took out a light yellow box, decorated with a lime green bow on the top.  She handed it to me, with a kind smile. “Happy birthday, Anthony.”
“It’s important, Tones. You hafta show the world that you are great. Better than most snooty Alphas.” He would ruffle my hair – why did it always have to be the hair?
Natasha had been scarce as of late, too; leaving meal times early so she could get back to her ‘work’. Thor had taken to cooking (altered) Asgardian meals – hearty pies and extravagant salads with star-cut carrots and spiralled tomatoes. He enjoyed it, especially when Bruce joined us.
The pale-yellow box with the lime green bow looked expensive, something my mother would have imported from a big town, miles away. I felt like it would be wrong to open it up; as if this was all just a test. Match Makers would, at times, put forth scenarios just like this as a way to find out if young Omegas were greedy, or selfish, or in any other way ‘unsuitable’.
When Pepper came to collect me in the early morning, the deep orange sunbeam rays lighting up her red hair in a flair of hope, only Dara was there to say goodbye.
There are flowers blooming, some already turning brown and others, barely unfurled, reaching out to soak up the sun and the rain and the sky.
The city sounded like a place that would allow me to be free. Whatever freedom was. But first I had to figure out a few things.
“My goodness, that is just darling!” She cried resolutely, voice curdled with a sharp sweet twinge that made Pepper squeeze my hand in pure reflex. She met eyes with my mother, who then checked herself dutifully. “Is this certain to train his body into perfection, Miss Potts?” She asked sternly.
Hela walked over, running her fingers through her hair. She looked down at the Omega and scoffed. “Our father indulged you far too much, brother. Your beloved Valkyrie bodyguard fled, your brother is dead and Heimdell is in hiding.”
I wanted to mate James Rhodes. My Rhodey. The only Alpha who would offer me safety. I needed to mate Rhodey, otherwise my life felt non-existent. What would a life be without Rhodey? Oppressive? Simple? Still full of wealth?
I wonder now if it was instead the promise of whisky and whores that really got the Alphas attracted to becoming soldiers? There certainly wasn’t any other benefits to the work; that was, of course, unless you were high ranking.
A group of thugs took advantage of the young Omega girl who wanted to be something more than her station in life would allow. They used her as bait. A helpless, lost Omega, tricking men. As she grew, the tactics and ways in which she was used grew, too. Eventually, Natasha was having sex with Betas, Alphas even Omegas as a way to make others rich. And they found that using an Omega worked out well. So more young Omegas were taken with promises of being more and taught how to use theirs bodies and exploited for money and power.
“But I disagree. You are young, and times are changing. In the rural areas, life is so ancient and… and stifling. Your poor mother is a prime example. She sits in that room, knitting and knitting and knitting, until your father comes home. Then she sits on his lap on kneels by his feet whilst he works. It’s just so… static.”
“Please, drop by anytime.” My mother said, though she only extended the welcoming offer to Pepper as a form of politeness. I knew she had no intentions of seeing Miss Pepper Potts again until the next check up.
Rhodey did all the work himself, moving my old toys and clothing out of the room and pushing and shoving the heavy workbench into the room. He even set up a small sitting area for me, where I sat and watched him, petting the wraps around my waist absently.
I was sorting out the workbench when James Rhodes walked back into my room. My nostrils flared. An Alpha? I turned quickly, ready to run. I was met with a nervous smile and an open hand. “Hello.” He said softly.
And so I did, with growing excitement the further we went from my little village. Just as we were turning, however, I noticed a dark blur walking towards my house. It was Rhodey!
Inside was a box of chocolates, wrapped in a blue ribbon, the colour much like the walls. Alongside the chocolates lay a card.
Thor did not take to Asgardian tradition well; he was often found watching guards on the training grounds, where Loki and Hela would train. Despite his gangly body Loki proved to excel in close-range combat, dodging and deftly confusing opponents.
Rain pours like Thor pouring milk on his supper – mere seconds and I’m soaked. My dress absorbs the water like a quenched plant and I begin to shiver. I wonder how Thor is coping; he’s barely wearing any sort of clothing.
She yanked him off me and I let out a whimper, despite trying my hardest not to. Aunt Peggy’s stare hardened.
“I like to create things.” I let the statement drop out of my mouth, the taste like led. My eyes creased shut; afraid of a twinge in her expression or a fall within the crevices of her mouth. There was silence, and it felt like dirt falling on top of me. I repeated myself.
The main route to the city from my village was a long strip of road that had forced itself between rivers and woodlands, farms and settlements, rivers and mountains. For a direct route, a quicker route, a more regulated route.
“Shall we go inside?” Natasha suggested. She and Pepper walked in front as I observed the grounds. The garden was impressive, wide arrays of flower beds overrun with spring peas and pulsatilla blooms stretching out in the air, chasing the spring time sun. They were wild and beautiful. The flowers we had growing at home were strictly cropped and kept in rows by a gardener that came to the home daily. Nothing left its bed, grew too high or tangled stalks.
“The contrary, Madam Stark.” The sad, sympathetic tone made the hair on my skin stick up; kindness was something rare between myself and strangers, especially in my youth. Whether the cause was my gender or name, I am not certainly sure. It might have been a dark, sickly amalgamation of both now that I reflect back on it all. Virginia Potts rubbed a soft finger down the tender flesh of my inner waist, causing me to mewl from sensitivity. There was a pointed look towards my mother, who let out a distinctively maternal cluck. “Do you suffer from damp spots, Madam Stark?”
The thug was not hard-dazed by the kick was regaining stability quickly. It was then when a silver glimmer caught Natasha’s attention. A shaving blade. With a grunt, Natasha slid herself toward the blade, gripping it tightly as she fell back onto the floor, back against the cut-open belly of a young Omega. She let out a cry as her back stuck to the guts of a young Omega, barely the age of twelve. It was warm and gave off a putrid smell. The thug grabbed Natasha’s ankles, dragging her down. With a growl, she used her force to throw her upper body towards the thug’s hands. The blade slipped through the wrist of the left arm like it was warmed butter. The man screamed out, and Natasha took this time to kick him in the face. The blade then entered the throat, like a lamb to the slaughter. She pulled it rigidly through the skin and made a sawing motion, guiding the blade deeper.
“Wait, Thor, Tony only just got here. It’s only sensible that I lead him to his room first… why don’t you unload his baggage? Remember not to talk to the carriage driver.” She ordered him. It was subtle, but I noticed the deflation in his shoulders, the slight nod and the soft shuffle to the door with a dejected air about him.
“Friends?” I titled my head. She chuckled and repeated her previous phrase. I nodded. “Being friends sounds nice, Miss Potts.”
“Hmm. Very well, young Miss Potts. Explain what new methods you have invented to take place of such a tradition. I am certain they will be delightful.”
Like most other issues I carry about my person, eating was something that became problematic due to my mother’s concerns over me being a decent enough Omega to win my father some sort of lengthy contract. I used to tell my mother stories about flying knights in gold armour, protecting the lands. At first she listened with a kind-hearted smile. The smile disappeared when I began to talk about the young Omega warrior that saved the day.
“Would you like to go outside with me?” He’s grinning, eyes sparkling, blue and almost electric. My mother would faint if she saw his clothing; a blue low cut shirt, that I believe was probably once part of a dress but had long since been removed with scissors, witch a pair of riding trousers, leather shoes also a part of the ensemble. His breasts, ‘pecs’, are very noticeable.
She grabbed another, longer, sharper knife, gathered some gold and went down to where the Omegas who, like her, were being exploited for crime.
“That is not the sort of thing I or you ought to know. What is up stays up… and you keep your head out of them clouds, otherwise they’ll start rationing your food. You already eat like a sparrow.”
Meanwhile, I would learn with Thor, about the ‘Truth’ – a vague concept within itself that still baffles many.
I felt the silence that followed bury me. Rhodey had said the same things in a different sense. Tony Stark, an Omega builder? I’d get murdered or have my womb removed. Tony Rhodes, an Omega that built in secret? It was better but I longed for freedom.
“Dr. Banner, Tony Stark is no threat. I am his Match Maker. I have permission from Howard Stark himself! He thinks I’ve taken him on a manner’s course.” She laughed at the thought. “Trust in me, sir, an ill-outcome is impossible!”
I ran to the window to see Rhodey glide down the lawn and around the corner, assumedly back to his other Alpha friends. My heart felt light and hot and wobbly, and I smiled to myself. “Rhodey.”
She sensed my confusion. “You are aware of the spice pepper, are you not?” A nod of the head. “Well, my hair is red like a chilli pepper and my temper often times matches it… Though that is only to the ones who deserve it, Tony.” She assured me with another one of her gentle smiles. I tried to mirror it, though I felt as if though it was for show.
Thor Odinson was born a month earlier than he was supposed to be. Despite this, he weighed 14 ounces. The doctors checked his body three times before confirming that he was indeed Omega.
Trembling hands, my own, remove the lid from the box. Inside, red tissue was visible. I removed it slowly. Inside I could feel silk. I pulled it out, and see the pearl-laced cream of the main bodice, folded and sewn over sprung steel boning that felt so stiff under the feathered cushioning between the boning and the silk. I pull it out completely, looking at the checkerboard pattern of cream and white, cream and white. It was virginal in appearance, though I felt as if though the garment would look equally nice in any other colour, like red or orange or blue. Once I was married then the wider range of clothing would be acceptable.
The mirror had taken weeks to make, even then it had not been made correctly. Sawing wood had to be done at certain times of the day, when my father was not upstairs, where noise travelled. When my mother was outside or at a friend’s house. When Dara was in the village centre or in the kitchen. I found out quite quickly that I could design and visualise what I wanted to create and how the parts would fit together. Actually learning how to bring my ideas to life was the difficult part.
Of course, many details of the Asgardian Civil War were changed and protected; ‘Queen’ Hela was an influential power and consequently, made finding out the details of the war difficult to read without great passages about Hela being inserted.
I opened up the tiny yellow box. Inside that box was, to my relief and dread, a small silver ring lay on a decorative pink pillow.
“I don’t have much choice. We both know she’ll ruin this kingdom. Do you really want to let Asgard fall? And we both know that Thor will be traded off for something as stupid as a shipment of crossbows, you’ll be made Head of Foreign Exchange and sent away, probably to Midgard or some other wreck of a place. And there’s no doubt she’ll expect us, me, to fight in battles that don’t need to be fought.” She cracked her knuckles, looking down. “So, if you have a plan, Prince Loki… I’ll follow your lead.”
Thor felt his heart tear a little bit more at the reply. “Where are we going. You, Thor Odinson…. You’re going to Midgard. With a man called Dr. Bruce Banner. He’s waiting at the docks…”
“I’m going to fucking burn his world down one day, Aunt Peggy.” I whispered, my voice gruff. “I’m going to make him pay for taking Rhodey away from me.”
“Has Tony not taken to the binding, Miss Potts?” My mother called out in concern from where she lounged on her parlour chair. White, soft, consistently re-upholstered. She loved that chair.
“Tony, I wish to show you our room!” Pepper took my hand and ran up the stairs, turning left. The corridor was long and led to a work room with hundreds, if not thousands, of books scattered around, alongside parchment and pencils and fountain pens and tiny tubs of ink. On the wall was writing, all different scrawls and sizes.
It was only to be expected; Alphas wouldn’t want an Omega to play with something so potentially dangerous. But I wasn’t his Omega, and I certainly wasn’t going to allow him to tell me what to do. He wasn’t my Alpha.
“If it does not, Madam Stark, then we shall wrap Tony up in the rags and keep to tradition.” As my mother spoke Virginia grabbed my arm and pulled me up. She had been prepared to do this, I know she had.
“What I mean is, Tony, you do not have to- you do not need to be your mother. You can be Tony. You can be you.”
“Oh!” She looked happy at my excitement. “That is good, Tony. I am so glad you like it!” She hugged me, and I hugged her back. She was warm and smelled like Auntie Peg.
Pepper took me to a room that had two beds and again, more books. I assumed that every single room in this manor probably was crammed with them, which was in no terms a bad thing. The beds were large and covered in knitted blankets and goose feather pillows that were guaranteed to drift you off into a heavenly sleep. The windows were wide and the length of the room, with alcove ledges that were raised. They had been padded with cushions, a make-shift seating area.
One of my Father’s friends, Lord Obidiah Stane, liked to share stories of young Omegas he punished for their ‘sinful, disgusting behaviour’.
“I… I have a friend called James Rhodes. He’s an Alpha and he taught me how to… use things… I like designing. Drawing and writing my ideas. I do not have access to the correct materials to actually make them, sadly.”
That evening I was given a bowl of soup and sent to bed. The next day, half a satsuma and a honey-dipped biscuit was all that I given. And the next day. Any infantile plumb that I previously carried upon me had gone and I felt as if my head was going to explode if I did more than turn in bed after the fourth day. I did not even feel hunger and began to leave the biscuit and satsuma, no longer interested.
This time everyone was present, and the atmosphere was familial. The friendly buzz of chatter and laughter rand around the room – singing in tandem with the hearth at roar.
“You have not moved a muscle! It is so bizarre!” Pepper exclaimed as I whined. “What were you doing all night?”
“Forgive me, it’s just…” he pointed at the workshop “Your father won’t like to see this in here.” He tilted his head to the side, letting out a low chuckle. “You were organising it? That’s good. Afterall, a good workspace is-“
It was all part of the process. An Omega, after all, must follow all processes. The very social system in which we all live depends on Omegas going to good Alphas. And Omegas must be suitable for good Alphas, though what makes an Alpha ‘good’ is merely a thing of birth, anyway. That was the issue, it seemed; Alphas stayed in their social standing, Omegas could work their way up. Certainly, the highest honour would be the role of Wife to an important Alpha. Alphas were allowed to be important. An Omega was only as important as its aesthetic. Which is why I was tightened and squeezed and put through
“Thor is an interesting person, he was shivering until we raised the temperature.” Pepper gestured towards the communities of candles around the room. “Doctor Banner said to make sure he’s comfortable.”
There were many ways that an Omega could be called ‘unsuitable’. Too fat. Too tall. Too something or other. I knew that I did not want to be classed as unsuitable but sometimes the sacrifices did not seem fair. My mother acted as the absolute authority in my youth when it came to my unsuitable activities. She never found out about the workbench, since I was apparently blessed a higher force that stopped her from acknowledging the existence of the room under the stairs to my father’s office.
In honesty, all I knew was that I would be matched with an Alpha: what the poor did was a mystery. Despite this, I was aware of stories that involved Omegas from farms, destitute families and orphanages – stories of the Omega being so beautiful their status would rise, and they’d become a lady, or a Princess in some foreign land.
Aunt Peggy put me in a vice grip. “Hush, child! Please! Tony, once the ring is on your finger, you must keep it on always and if you do that, your mother will surely faint!” She shook me slightly, and he felt the tears rush down my cheeks. I felt ridiculous. I felt stuck.
… He was kept alive. His mother loved him unconditionally. His father loved him too. He just knew what was to come, and the fight he’d have to get his Omega son married. Although he had Hela, a strong and capable Alpha daughter…
In the grand scheme of things, my mother was not successful in becoming a higher status. My grand-father, a man I never met, was a high-ranking officer. She married into more wealth, but not into the social class. Dara mentioned something once about Obadiah being my mother’s intended Alpha. Perhaps she was too plain?
I smiled nervously at her. Pepper shook her head kindly. “Do not be frightened, Tony! Natasha is a good friend of mine and somebody who you can learn much from.”
At the age of five, when the world is still big and bold and scary, you are taken to the Match Maker. Usually a Beta. Match Makers are important in the process of finding suitable mates. They’re all connected, or so I was told when I was younger, by magical forces that allows them to find perfect matches for Alphas and Omegas, although I’ve always thought that the matching process is swayed more by money and bribery compared to anything else.  You see, there is often an age difference between the Alpha, who must have time to earn money, establish their career and build/buy a house, and the Omega, who must be sold as early as possible, since this is the only known way to make the most profit out of one.
My Auntie Peg, she taught me how to read and write, how to hold and sustain pressure upon a pencil that swooped up and down, left and right until I had written a sentence.
I had taken away some of my purity by kissing Rhodey. It was not allowed, not allowed at all and I had allowed it to happen. And I knew the horror stories that floated around about Omegas who let Alphas have their way with them.
Either case, it was the fault of my father that I was always so hyperactive. I wanted his attention and being loud and repetitive seemed to be the only way to do this.
“I’m not sure who I am.” I told Pepper gently. “I’m not my mother or my father, or anybody else I know.”
“Do not tell mother!” I pleaded, falling onto my knees. Rhodey look so uncomfortable. A 14-year-old Alpha is not really a full Alpha at all. It is a child-Alpha that pretends to be what it is not. “Do not tell mother, or father, Aunt Peggy. They will surely kill Rhodey!”
Natasha smirked. “Of course it is, Pepper… And this is Tony?” Natasha stared at me like she was deciding which part to bite into first. It was odd to see an Omega with such a stare. She took my hand and helped me out of the carriage. “Tony, welcome to Totleigh.”
Her eyes widened and I felt the catching of her breath. She was silent, before licking her lips with a hesitant nod. “You’ll do it splendidly, Tony.” She replied, before kissing my forehead with vigour. “I’ll try to visit you at this… Totleigh place. I cannot promise much but I’ll try. The Alpha who owns it seems to have a lot of sway in the way of politics. I hope you’ll be safe.”
WARNINGS: The sexual assault of a ten-year-old. It isn't pretty, it isn't consensual and happen at the end of the chapter. If you wish to skip it then stop reading at their arrival back to Tony's home.
“You’ll probably be engaged next time I see you, Tony.” She said with red eyes. She wiped them with a swipe of her sleeve, letting out a choking laugh. Her hands, rough from hard labour, ran through my hair. “So you be good and you work hard, but whatever you do, don’t let them kill that spark.” She squeezed my shoulder tight.
“I’m going to marry you when you turn sixteen, you little angel.” Obadiah said. “I will marry you and it won’t matter if you’re looser than a whore because I will take your virginity… next Monday, I will tell your father that I am taking you to a purification trip. It will last the week. I will fuck you sore and then fuck you some more for good measure.”
Electric currents began making their way across Tony’s skin as Bucky continued to fuck him, gliding Tony back and forth across his lap. Tony wailed, “Yes Bucky, Please… Don’t stop… Want that, want you all the time.”
Hearing Bucky, watching him tell Steve how much better he was a fucking Tony. Hearing him let the man know Bucky was drilling inside so far he was in practically in Tony’s stomach. Telling Steve Bucky was touching Tony in places and ways he never could, caused shivers to begin racing down his body. “God, yes Bucky… need it, deeper in there… Uh, just like that.”
Tony jumped when she said, “That’s it,” and turned to him with a smile, eyes dancing in amusement. “Put on something of his, like a shirt or watch… On second thought, just rundown to the nearest tourist store and buy a Captain America shirt.”
Steve could feel himself hurdling towards completion as Bucky broke his kiss with Tony to whisper to him. Over Tony’s moans, the sound of Steve stroking his dick, and the sound of Bucky fucking Tony harder than he’d ever fucked Steve he heard Bucky ask, “You gonna come again for me Tony? I know Steve said you couldn’t, but fuck if the look of you coming on my dick isn’t the best thing I’ve ever seen. Need to see it again sugar… Way you take every fucking inch of me and beg for more. Damn if you don’t let me fuck you as hard as I want, as deep as I want, any way I want, and then come so hard by just my dick and not let me see it twice.”
, Bucky was going to drive Tony crazy. No longer able to resist, he’d take Stevie’s little engineer to his bed and after a night of hearing Tony scream Bucky’s name he’d send him back with Stevie none the wiser. Bucky knew Tony wouldn’t tell for fear Steve would leave him, and after a night with Bucky he’d be wrapped around the soldier’s finger anyway. It was never even a thought in Bucky’s mind that he wouldn’t be able to have Tony. The other man didn’t stand a chance of even possibly fighting off Bucky’s advances.
Bucky turned back to Steve smiling in arrogance. “Not sure you’d be able to get in there like I can Stevie. This area is extremely tricky, really got to know what you’re doing drilling into it. I used to help out some others so I have a lot of skill in this area. It’s good you handed Tony off to me, I’m enormously... better equipped for this job... Can get as far in as Tony needs it. Seen it before with a few others I worked over, I think the issue he’s been having with this spot is you’re only working the surface. It’s ok Tony, I’ll grind down in there, fill out the spots no one’s been able to reach.”
He heard Bucky’s laughter behind him as Steve asked, “Do you keep him in the same position or change if he needs something else?”
Steve closed his eyes and rested his forehead against Tony’s. “I saw you, watched you watching me the entire night,” his voice broke off with a chuckle that pushed air across Tony’s lips. “Only difference between us was I was able to be discreet about it. I saw you getting more and more upset as sub after sub approached us. Watched as that green monster reared its head and made you angrier by the second. Almost couldn’t keep my dick from showing how hard I was from the way you were eyes were on me.” With each word he spoke, Steve’s voice became steadily deeper with arousal. “So no sweetheart, I’m not mistaken. You want me as much as I want you and I need you to tell me the truth about how you feel for once. Stop lying to me, and stop lying to yourself.”
with the knowledge drilled into every fiber of who I am. I know all the ways you want to give in, all the ways to get you there, and more importantly, all the reasons why you fight so hard against it. So go ahead, continue sitting here being the bratty asshole Sub you always pretend to be, I’ll enjoy proving every word I’ve said to you is true. Or, you can do as I’ve asked. Either way staying here is not an option, I’m not leaving without you.”
wanted, but was stuck with so had to love him anyway. He was a level 9 Sub, a highly uncommon type, who was constantly saying
The last was accompanied by Steve’s fingers nudging at Tony’s lips. He felt Steve push two tiny pills into his mouth as he raised Tony slowly to his chest. Tony gulped down the glass of water that followed quickly, still refusing to open his eyes. Once finished, he rubbed his cheek against Steve’s chest murmuring, “What’s she mad for? Nat never gets pissed about me not doing what she says, just rolls her eyes or laughs.”
One morning Tony couldn’t quite reach the coffee carafe’s Steve put on top of the fridge. Without a sound Bucky came up behind him to grab it for Tony. As he reached, Bucky steadied a hand Tony’s hip and inadvertently rubbed his very large dick against Tony’s ass. Tony pushed back into it automatically as his body betrayed his brain and did what it wanted. Bucky gripped his waist tighter as he brought the box down presenting it to Tony. Handing the box off with a smile, he finally let go with a ‘Good morning sugar’ as Tony took it from his hands.
Giving Bucky his usual flirty smirk and greeting, Tony reached out to him. Bucky seemed to stare at him lost for a moment before his entire demeanor changed, briefly startling Tony. Grasping his outstretched hand, the smile Bucky gave Tony was sure to have made many a hearts flutter and panties disappear back in the 40’s. The deep voice and Brooklyn accent Tony heard as he spoke probably helped with that to.
Tony threw up his hands saying, “Right… But Cap is throwing up a brick wall of chastity every time I make a move. He’s all about maintaining this whole 40’s gentlemanly courting thing and I’m about to die of blue balls.” When she gave him a snorted laugh Tony whined, “Its not funny Nat, I’m literally dying of horniness right now. Tell me what I need to do to break through that non penetrable wall of Dom control he has and get him to throw me down and fuck me like I want him to.”
Tony could see he flush of arousal in Steve’s face as he said ok and took Bucky’s place. When Bucky lay on the bed beside Tony not saying a word as he stared and stroked his cock, Tony thought to himself ‘This should be interesting’.
Seeing the telltale signs of Steve about to come, Tony pulled off of him, using his hand to stroke him through his orgasm. Feeling Bucky’s eyes on them definitely had an effect. Tony felt a little more hot and bothered than he normally did when Steve fingered him. Steve’s movements felt rushed, as if he was barely able to keep himself under control. That was pretty much confirmed when he’d barely gotten three fingers in good before looking pleadingly at Tony, “Please tell me you’re ready baby, I can’t… I need you so bad. Are you ready, can I take you now honey?”
“It’s been about, ahh… almost 2 months, almost the entire time you’ve been here.” Steve raked a hand through his hair as he was thinking of his response to the second question. Bucky smirked proudly at him while waiting. Knowing he was putting it on Tony so good that he’d stopped having sex with Steve, fuck if that didn’t make Bucky’s dick begin to harden. Raising his knee to hide it, Bucky curbed the impulse of telling Steve to fuck off so he could go bang his boyfriend. Bucky sighed, he really did love Steve more the he had ever cared for anyone else, but Bucky’s number one love would always be to himself. He wouldn’t hurt Steve if he didn’t have to, which is why Bucky was taking the long route to secure Tony, but that didn’t change the fact that Bucky would have him no matter who got in his way. “Uh, we’ve done the usual I guess. Tony likes to bottom so we don’t really switch. He been on top, I’ve been on top, we’ve made love in the shower and in his living room. I guess that’s about it…”
Seeing the door slightly ajar with minimal lighting coming through, Tony glanced in first not wanting to wake the other man if he was already asleep. Pushing open the door slightly Tony’s entire body froze with what he saw. Bucky was in bed as he lay on his back, but he was definitely not asleep. His eyes were closed as he laid completely naked, hand gliding slowly to stoke length of his cock. Tony’s low gasp had Bucky opening his eyes to gaze at Tony beneath his lashes.
Steve chuckled softly as he saw Tony roll his eyes. “You may have been a playboy in the 40’s Barnes but I was one in the 90’s and unlike you we had porn. Pretty sure I know moves you haven’t heard of.” Bucky moved over to lay above Tony between his legs. Steve’s fingers twitched wanting to draw the men together, hoping like hell this worked out like he wanted.
, he didn’t respond in anger. He instead used the time to get as much information as he could out of Steve. Contrary to how Pepper and Rhodey would tell it, Tony actually did know how to be charming when the situation called for it; he just usually didn’t care enough to use the skill. He didn’t even have to pry the information out of the other man all that much, only really had to ask and Steve would tell him whatever he wanted to know.
Tony sent a message to Steve that he’d be working all night in his lab as he settled back onto Bucky’s bed. It was a 4 days into Steve’s “alone time” with Tony. The men had taken off this morning to see Thor and Loki, telling Tony they were going to look into a threat and would be back later tonight. When Bucky had called him back from the plane telling him the real reason for their trip, Tony decided to give the man some alone time of his own tonight. Apparently the soldiers had been contemplating Tony’s mortality the past few months and had called in the favor Thor had promised Tony after getting his people settled in Iceland. He had never planned on calling in that favor since he would have helped Thor even if he had nothing to give.
Bringing his hands to Tony’s hips, Bucky began to roll him, sliding the man up and down Bucky’s dick while he began grinding on Steve again. He really hated he couldn’t concentrate on the beautiful man dancing in his lap, so tight around him Bucky had to fight coming every time he pushed inside. Though he had a few minutes to enjoy Tony’s breathy moans and a damn near virgin tightness constricting around him, Bucky had a purpose for this evening’s entertainment. As he switched the angle of his movements making Tony give a squeaky moan of ‘ah, ah, ah’ each time he thrusted in, he felt and saw what he needed to. Though Steve’s gasped moan was very low and covered by Tony’s noises, Bucky felt the man jerk twice beneath him as he came.
Steve nodded his head, “White noise.” When Tony gave him a confused stare he continued on explaining, “You have white noise syndrome. Your mind gets to the point it won’t stop going, even when you want it to. Usually happens when you haven’t been dropped in a while. When was the last time you were and how long has this been going on?”
The first two Sub types were the most common and almost 75% of the Sub population fell into those categories. The smaller group of level 7-9 Gratified Subs were the ‘Diva’s’ of the Sub world. They craved attention and recognition. Most Dom’s labeled this group as
“So you were seriously that small and that sick all the time before? How in the world did you even survive long enough to take the serum…?” Tony gave an exaggerated shudder from where he was stretching beside Steve, the others spread throughout the training room doing the same. “Modern medicine in your day was a joke and God, don’t get me started about the tech.”
Bucky didn’t even try to hold back his orgasm as it rolled over him. With Tony riding him like it was the only thing he ever wanted to do, ass clenching as it rippled around him from Tony’s uncontrolled trembling, there was no way he could try to stop it. He did however grab Tony’s hips and began thrusting up, fucking Tony hard as he pumped him full of cum, wanting to bring the smaller man to completion along with him. It didn’t take long before Bucky felt splashes of cum hit his stomach from Tony, shuddering and crying out Bucky’s name as he came. Steve’s groans in release could be heard only vaguely, hidden beneath the sounds of Tony’s orgasm.
Tony knew at that moment he was completely done for. He had went and fell in love with Bucky fucking Barnes.
Being with Tony so far had exceeded all Bucky’s expectations, sending him flying higher than he ever had with anyone else. The man brought out something primal within Bucky that he didn’t ever think was going away anytime soon. Steve had been right about one thing, Tony did feel “Best thing in this world amazing” wrapped around Bucky’s dick. Not only that, having Tony look as if having Bucky inside him was “Best thing in this world amazing”, made Bucky have to fight the urge to keep him on his dick all day every day. He should probably cut Steve some slack after he finished taking over his and Tony’s relationship. Bucky might let his baby take Steve for a ride a couple times a year, even if just to remind him of the ecstasy he was missing out on every time he saw Bucky drilling into Tony.
Chasing his own orgasm Bucky chanted at Tony, “fuck yeah, baby… Stevie can’t fuck you this good… Yeah, only scream for me. God, uh, own this ass, own you Tony... you’re all… Uhhh, you’re all mine baby, all fucking mine.” Before he rammed inside and came.
happy to.” Steve grinned at Tony’s eye roll before shaking his head and continuing. “I’d um, well I’ve really been wanting to be with both you and Bucky, at the same time. So if you’re uh, okay with that, I’d love for it to be tonight.”
Chuckling Bucky said, “It’s ok Stevie, I was just letting you know I understand now. Don’t go feeling guilty over nothing.” Bucky leaned over to kiss Steve temporarily stopping his movements with Tony. Breaking the kiss, Bucky pulled out of Tony completely before gliding back in. He leaned over further into Tony, folding the smaller man in half as Bucky rested his forehead against Tony’s.
Tony’s face was flushed as he said ‘no’ and Bucky looked down to Steve asking what was wrong. “I don’t know Bucky, maybe I’m not moving into him right? I can’t figure it out.”
If Tony’s A.I. could smirk, he knew it would be wearing one now. “I believe you keep me around for sentimental reasons sir… There doesn’t seem to be anyone or anything else qualified to handle your particular brand of theatrics.”
So, almost overnight, Tony had gained a houseful of superhero roommates. He didn’t mind at all, the team had grown on him, had become his family in most ways. It would have been perfect if not for one thing…
He was bending over, hands on his knees, pulling in deep breaths as Nat asked, “What hell is going on Stark?” After holding up a finger to stall any further questions, Tony walked away slowly still taking in gulps of air before he came back to Natasha’s now smirking face. Laughing softly she chided to him, “You ready now grandpa or you need a few more minutes?”
“No, we’d be weighed down too much, and still have to start over before we started sparring because we’d need to get dry clothes. No, guess Tony will be hurting another hour while…” Bucky stopped looking as if he’d just had the best idea. “I got it; we’ll just take our clothes off. That way we can still work out, and Tony’s muscles don’t have to be in agony doing the first stretch over.”
Things kept happening over and over again for 2 weeks until just glancing Bucky’s direction immediately set Tony’s blood on fire. Thinking it would help in keeping him more composed throughout the day, he tried having more sex with Steve. Even though their sex life hadn’t changed, he found it hard and harder climax as each day passed. By day 8 it was so bad Tony had to fake an orgasm when Steve wasn’t looking. Making matters worse, even when he managed to come Tony still felt on edge. It left him more sensitive to Bucky instead of less, feeling more unsatisfied each time.
Bucky followed Tony over not soon after the other man came. Feeling the smaller man tighten around his cock moaning yes he was Bucky’s, caused his control to break flooding Tony’s with his cum.  Thrusting into Tony a few more times, Bucky groaned at the feel of Tony’s body milking his cock.
Speaking louder than he needed to be heard by Steve or Tony, Bucky asked, “Tony’s ass is mine now right, since I’m the only one that knows how to smash it open the way he needs?” Not waiting for a response Bucky continued looking at Tony, “Steve already said he can’t pound into you like I am. Know he’s lacking the equipment to ram into your ass, splitting and filling you through every last spot like I am.”
It was two days afterwards that Tony plans to stay away from one James Buchanan Barnes’ dick took a major sideways turn. He had been avoiding both men, keeping to his lab until they were asleep and only rising from their bed when they had left for their morning run. This had worked perfectly until the day Tony overslept and missed his window to make it down to his lab without seeing them. He could hear the shower running as he came awake and knew one or both soldiers were in there washing off their work out. Hoping for the latter, Tony looked around the bed to see if he was alone and took in a shaky breath at what he saw.
Bucky had never seen anyone drop as hard or as fast into subspace as Tony just had. It confirmed he’d been reading the other man right so far. After running a company as well as running the Avenger’s with Steve, Bucky guessed Tony needed someone to take control and give him a break from it all. While he had dabbled in dominating a few of his exes, he’d never enjoyed it as much as he was with Tony. The way he went pliant so easily for Bucky set his blood on fire in a way no one else had. Now that he was seeing the man drop so beautifully for him like he was, Bucky was hurdling right to the razors edge.
The voice, vaguely familiar, continued. "$250,000. All that was needed for you to help Ross wreck many lives."
"If things go wrong…If Thanos gets me…I want you to promise me…you'll kill me." said the alien woman.
And it was time for Rocket to say the final question:"Are you sure you're up to this particular murder mission?"
Of course, the One Above All formed the other universes of which many know, such as Asgard of the Nine Realms. These people, however, were favored by the One Above All. And to show His favor, He created one, that stood out in the greatness of his people, a child who the One Above All called His own. The Celestials merely called him their Shining Lord, their Supernova, their Golden Avenger.
"You better find someone, and somewhere fast. Ross isn't exactly just gonna let you guys have your old rooms back." said Rhodey.
As Tony was riding him and both men were on the brink of coming, Tony’s mind unconsciously strayed to Bucky. Steve was average size around 7 inches and Tony didn’t have any complaints, but Bucky’s looked almost double that and wider. He ended up feeling guilty once they were finished and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony falling asleep quickly. Tony lay there almost an hour fighting with what he had done. He eventually was able to reasoned away the blame. It wasn’t as if this was premeditated or something everyone in the world hadn’t done at some point. Pep talk with himself concluded, Tony finally closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep as well.
Bucky grinned and leaned down to devour Tony’s mouth, his hair framing their faces from view. Muffling his shouts, but only very little, he continued pushing Tony to a climax not even Bucky had given him before. Breaking their kiss, he looked to see Tony overwhelmed trembling apart beneath him. Bucky gave a growled possessive groan as he plunged faster into Tony. “Uhn, Fuck yeah, I’m the only one who does this to you, nobody can but me sweetheart.” He saw Bucky look up asking, “You ever seen him look like this Stevie?” Steve to looked down to him, and Tony knew he had to look completely wrecked, eyes fluttering as they rolled back with his limbs twitching repeatedly. Bucky continued as Steve shook his head no, “Look at the way I’m hammering my way into him. Can you plow in like this Stevie, if so I’ll get up and let you finish working Tony?”
By the age of 11, he had devoured a wealth of knowledge, thought he had a good enough foundation of what he’d be in store for when he turned 16. That was the age when everyone’s orientation always made itself known. You’d begin to feel the effects almost immediately on the day of your birth, but would be tested the day after to verify and document what you presented as.
Steve quickly shook his head, “No, that’s… I don’t want to just drive him out after how much he’s helped us. But, I guess… Maybe like, for a week or two a month or something… I guess, could it, could it just be us again? I’m sure Bucky wouldn’t mind.” Dropping his head down, Steve looked a little contrite when he said, “I know I’m the reason we’re all together in the first place, and I love having Bucky in our relationship I really do. I mean the guy made me cum three times yesterday and came in me twice. He like really knows what gets us off. When he told me how much I’d like what we did this morning, saying how he could barely cum and all that other stuff, even though it wasn’t true I still was so turned on by it. But, I guess when…” Steve broke off blushing, giving a regretful sigh, “When Bucky said he was in love with you, it kinda really hit me for the first time. I hadn’t realized until then how deeply involved we were with him. I love that he loves you… You deserve all the love in the world. I just… I think, I um, I just need feel more involved with you than I have.”
She smiled at him before crouching down in a fighting stance again and peppering the punching bag with a few quick hits. “That’s it, just put on the shirt…” throwing another smirk at him she finished adding, “Maybe do a few stretches before you see him, you’ll definitely want to be limber.”
Instead, with the knowledge Steve was just as effected as they were, he said in an unyielding tone, “I’m gonna make Tony come hard all over my dick Steve, then we’ll have your talk.”
Bucky looked down at Tony as he began to stroke a little faster into him. “Is that so?” Tony didn’t really answer as much as groan out a yes from a well-placed thrust. Bucky shook his head, “No, I don’t believe that. The way you’re shaking on my dick right now Stark, no way you’re not gonna come more than once.”
Smiling down at him, Bucky watch as Tony’s eyes rolled back when he began stroking his fingers across his prostate again. “Please Bucky, I… Need you, Uhhh… Can’t take, Mmmm, need you inside… Fuck, Uh, need to come, please, please, please… No more…”
Tony looked at Steve as he shifted on Bucky, looking as if he were repositioning. “Oh it’s more than ok, he’s already worked out a few of
Steve’s face was a blank canvas giving nothing away as he regarded Tony closely. “Level 10 Subs have an affinity for what things Tony?”
Bucky walked out after leaving Tony hard, but not before telling him not to touch it. It would be later that night before Bucky finally let Tony come. In the kitchen before dinner, Bucky came up behind Tony to pin him against the counter. Rubbing his hardness against Tony ass, Bucky palmed Tony’s erection through his pants until he was about to come. He then pulled back saying he was starved and went to sit at the kitchen table leaving Tony right at the edge. It was in Bucky’s bed that night, after two hours slowly fucking into Tony, that he finally pushed him over. By the end Tony nearly lost his voice begging Bucky for release.
Tony’s face fell as he leaned into Bucky saying, “That could take days, Steve is always around.” Dropping dramatically to his knees, Tony hoped Bucky might go concede to his act submission. As he nuzzled Bucky’s hardness along his cheek, he really couldn’t say how much of an act it was. Tony looked up at Bucky beneath his eyelashes as he gripped his thighs saying, “I need you Bucky, no one’d ever made me feel like you do. I want you so bad it’s driving me crazy.”
He felt Bucky a third of the way in when he started whispering in Tony’s ear. The sparks wracking Tony’s body heightened at the knowledge Steve couldn’t hear and Bucky’s words were just him. “That’s it, open up for me baby, you know how… Yeah, just like that, always take me so good… God, can’t deny it to yourself, you were made for me Tony. No one takes me like you do…” Tony began moaning incrementally louder as he shuddered, hardening even further and leaking precum with nearly every movement. “Every day, all I can think about is this, sliding inside you and filling you up. God baby, Umm… Having you wrapped around me is the best thing I’ve ever felt. You are perfection to me…”
“Um, yeah baby I know. You always feel so good around me.” Bucky moved Tony to lay beneath him keeping his cock nestled inside the smaller man. Leaning down to kiss his lips again, he smirked as he rose up looking at Steve. “Tony’s so good at taking me. You couldn’t even take half my cock yesterday, but Tony takes every inch and asks for more. He’s the only one who’s ever been able to take my entire cock. Only one I’ve ever been able to fuck as hard as I want without worrying about going to deep. Was barely even able to cum with him baby.” Bucky wasn’t thrusting inside Tony so much as grinding the bundle of nerves inside of him. Hearing Bucky tell him that he was the only one Bucky was able to do this with set his blood on fire and drew a high pitched moan from Tony’s throat.
When Tony’s gaze refocused Bucky was sitting up, one hand on gripping Tony’s cock and the other gripping his waist. He smirked down at Tony and said, “Thought for a moment you had come already, would’ve hated for this to have been over so quickly.” Looking back at Steve’s flushed face, erection no longer soft but not yet hard, Tony realized Steve couldn’t see the hand wrapped around him acting as a cock ring. That was his last coherent though as Bucky began to slide Tony down his knees, almost lying flat against the bed again, before sliding him back up. “God Tony, anyone that gets to have you like this every day is the luckiest man in the world.”
Tony’s looked at him doubtfully as he turned his anger back to who it landed on initially. He was gearing up to toss more accusations through the room when Steve interrupted him before he could say a word. “Quiet Tony, we both know I didn’t do any of what you’re saying and you’re angry for other reasons.” Lifting his eyes from where he was pouring more coffee into a mug, Steve leveled Tony with a look that promised consequences he didn’t want should his directions not be followed. “Now sit down while I bring you some breakfast.”
So yeah, Bucky knew he owned Tony, but he never heard Tony say it without having Bucky to cajole him into it. This time it meant more, because Bucky could see exactly how much Tony meant and believed the words. It tore a growl from his throat as he leaned down to kiss Tony, hips stilling in their movement. Rising back up, Bucky gazed down at the man below him, completely enraptured as he said words he never said to anyone before and meant. “Knew you were made for me Tony, God help me but I’m completely in love with you.” While Bucky did began to give it to him hard, just as Tony asked for, the feeling of the movements had changed. Never breaking eye contact, Bucky drove into Tony over and over until they both came, Tony with his own declarations of love.
Hand in Bucky’s fist, Tony wrapped his fingers around the hardened length and began stroking it. “Steve, its… it’s, so big. God, I’ve never seen one this long and thick.” Eye’s going up to Bucky’s mischievously Tony asked, “Wow, Bucky how big is this thing?”
Bucky couldn’t help the dark chuckle he released at what he was about to do. “No problem Stevie, told you I’d take over working Tony’s ass until you could do it right,” Sorry buddy, but that’s not gonna happen in this lifetime, “Here let me see if it’ll work better to show you this way.”
Lifting Tony off his lap, Steve reached down to undo the ties around his ankles as he rose. He gave Tony a hopeful look as he asked, “Sounds like a great idea, is that okay Tony?”
Tony’s eyes fluttered as he heard Steve moan, seeing his cock jump momentarily spewing a hefty amount of precum. He wailed quietly as he tilted his head back offering Bucky his mouth, which the other man took hungrily. Tony broke from him, gasping as Bucky began grinding against the sensitive nerves of Tony’s prostate. “Hmm Bucky, God it’s you work me so good… Yeah baby right there, Ahh.”
Tony gripped the sheets of the bed as he grew more turned on, nodding slowly to Bucky’s question. “Yes, I… I can’t stop thinking about it. Can’t stop wanting it, I’ve tried… For two fucking days I’ve tried but… Everytime I close my eyes you’re fucking right there.”
Tony shrugged his shoulders slowly, “They confirmed every word was true. None of them had ever bonded and every last one of them was still alone. After everything I saw, I promised myself I wouldn’t end up that way, that I’d embrace who I was. Figured I’d do better knowing from the start it wasn’t in the cards for me. Until now, until you, I was okay with the hand I was dealt. Had even learned to love how I was different. Then you just had to ride in on your white spangly horse, destroying everything I’ve built. Making me want everything I can’t have, wish I could be just like everyone else.”
Tony groaned inwardly as he quickly removed his hand. He increased his efforts, arms wrapping around Bucky’s legs pulling him deeper into Tony’s mouth.  “You might be right, I’ll go look up some others and see what I can find.” Tony reached to palm Bucky’s balls in his hand causing the cock in his mouth to pulse. “Have you seen Tony, he might know of some better ones.”
Tony slowly twitched opened his eyes looking for Steve but only saw Bucky’s face full of ecstasy above him. “Nahh, fuck, Mhmm… don’t stop, don’t stop, Bucky’s, fuck me, he’s, he’s… Ahh, right there, right there, right there, fuck, Uuhhh so good…”
Bucky had to roll his eyes, shaking his head as he slapped a hand over his face at hearing Steve say, “Is this working Tony, or are you still cramping down there?” While Bucky had expected it, his mind blown that Stevie actually believed that nonsense. Didn’t hesitate for a one Damn second or question anything in Bucky’s explanation. Steve at some point actually thought to himself, ‘ass cramps, that’s a completely reasonable and logical explanation for what’s happening’. Bucky sighed, his friend could be... totally fucking clueless sometimes. But then again, if he wasn’t Bucky wouldn’t be having nearly as much fun.
Giving Steve an egotistical smirk, Bucky leaned back against his headboard folding his hands behind his head. “So of course you came to me… the cock whisperer.” Steve rolled his eyes at Bucky looking bursting into laughter. “What,” Bucky shrugged chuckling, “I am, and lucky for you since you get my help and expertise. So Stevie… what are you looking for exactly? Do you want me to tell you a few of the things I do?” Selling Steve a conflicted look as a plan formed, Bucky began to steer him in the direction he needed. “I can but… they may not be what Tony is into.”
Hearing his name, Tony looked up from his work for the first time in days. Blinking his eyes to clear the blurring of his vision from moving so quickly, he took in Steve staring worriedly back at him. It was then his brain began to clear and let him know it wasn’t the first time his name was called. Tony had been too clouded to acknowledged and comprehend the numerous others prior to the last.
Tony and the other man had settled into a comfortable banter since Bucky’s first day down with Steve. They had all sat together talking about whatever came to mind that as Tony worked and Steve sat on his sofa sketching. Having to stop just over an hour into working because of a call from Pepper, Tony told them to come back the following day knowing he’d be heads down for a while. The next day, Steve left halfway through his repairs to make lunch leaving Tony alone with Bucky. At first he was afraid that wouldn’t have anything to talk about and have to sit in silence, but Bucky continued on with him as if Steve never left relaxing Tony enough to continue as well. After that Steve stopped coming with Bucky and would just pop in every so often.
There was no doubt Bucky would have him, Tony sealed his own fate the moment he opened his legs. The look on Tony’s face when he did it was pure need, and Bucky was just the man to fulfil it.
Tony shook his head, he was so not sober enough to deal with this. Luckily Steve was apparently done as well and wasted no further time dragging Tony to the car.
… We actually learned about level 10 Sub’s in my day, about their wants and desires, about what it takes for them to submit. But know this,” Steve paused in his speech as his eyes bore into Tony’s. “Even if I hadn’t, I was
Tony’s last words broke Bucky’s very limited self-control as he rolled Tony onto his back, pushing his knees down beside Tony’s head. Tony’s back arched off the bed and his eyes rolled back as Bucky began pounding into him like a man out of control. “Fuck Tony baby, you are good for me. Take my dick like you were made for it sweetheart. I’ll take care of you, give you everything you need.” Bucky looked down to where there were joined and watched his dick hammering into Tony, stretching him wide. “Just one more Steve, gotta make him come for me again. He’s been so good… Taking whatever I give him, can’t help but give him what he’s begging for.”
Bucky kissed along his ear and but the skin on his neck, no longer needing to keep from making marks on Tony where Steve could see. “That’s right sugar, you know I’m the only one that can do this to you. Admit it, you love being with me more than you love being with Steve.” Tony gave choked cries, not wanting to admit the truth of Bucky’s words. Bucky asked two more times before Tony was no longer able to hold back the truth from him, groaning out a stream of “Yes” among the cries of “Please”.
Tony came to wakefulness the next morning with a smile on his face. Opening his eyes he looked over to where his Dom slept beside him, gaze raking over his body. The previous night, by the time Steve had undressed, Tony was down too deep to really look at his Dom. Now though, he looked his fill. He took in Steve’s abs, the muscles of his arms, and the indentations above his groin, everything that made up his gorgeous blonde Dominant.
Nat crossed her arms at her chest as she leveled Steve with same angry glare she’d previously been reserving just for Tony. “This is unacceptable Steve and you know it is.”
Bucky waved back, gaze roaming up to close on the ceiling as he removed his hard staff from it’s confines. Thinking of Tony, as he rubbed the huge length through his fist, Bucky began to run through all of the devious ways he would make Tony moan with Steve watching. This was all new territory for him, Bucky had never wanted to keep his previous lovers for any extended length of time. All were easily replaced without him having to put in much effort and if they were taken, Bucky never saw the significant other and hadn’t been inclined to ever try. If he had known what it felt like to have his conquest’s come harder than they ever had. If he’d known how it felt to have them screaming under him, getting it better than they’d ever had it right in front their partners, Bucky would have done this decades ago.
Loki began losing his cool demeanor almost immediately as Thor suffers, and broke down after only a few moments. "Alright, STOP! We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard." he said.
"Let him have his fun." he told his brother-in-arms. Thanos pried the Hulk's hands away; an expression of surprise and fear crossed the creature's green face. After several hard blows, Thanos picked up the Hulk and slammed him to the deck, defeated. Thor slammed a metal bar across Thanos's back to no avail, and got kicked across the deck by Thanos and was promptly bound in metal debris by Ebony Maw to keep him from interfering further.
Back on Thanos's ship, a technician was putting Nebula's broken body back together again. Nebula purposefully detached her eye piece, and when the man came close enough to put it back in, she snapped his neck. She walked to a console, straightening her left arm, dragging her still-dislocated right foot behind her, and input a code.
"Oh, well, Leyenar would say, "What? Kevin Bacon? He's nothing compared to the Avengers!", and as for the Soul Stone, well, no one's ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can't get it. Therefore, he's going to Knowhere. Hence, he'll be getting the Reality Stone. You're welcome."
But before she could finish her sentence, something came crashing through the roof. It was Bruce Banner. The Cloak of Levitation swirled around Strange's shoulders immediately.
Bruce attempted to release the Hulk. Instead of Hulk coming out easily, the most that turns green is Bruce's neck. "Been a while. Good to have you, buddy." said Tony.
The Shining Lord refused traditional black robes or the advanced armor created by the Celestials. Instead, he created his own suits of armor, which were far more powerful and elegant than anything that existed before, and he was only challenged once. The Shining Lord, challenged by an adviser, proved himself worthy through a bond between his kingdom and Asgard. The Asgardian king was no fool, for he could see the power that swam in his veins. And his prediction was revealed true through the passage of time. The Shining Lord was, indeed, a most powerful being. His power extended to space, time, reality, mind, power, and soul. It was infinite, a power unlike those belonging to the Asgardians or any other people.
As I look out, surveying all that my sights reach, my fingers curl into my palm, forming fists that have ruled without fail and without mercy since the dawn of my crude crusade. There is immense strength in my hands, but my power is not infinite. Such limited potential had and will never be enough for the hunger that lives within me.
The Fire Star Warrior was one of the seven sons of the Ruler of the Heavens, charged with the duty to protect and watch over the festival of lights as it happened each year. He was also titled the Shining Lord's Guardian many years before the birth of Midgard. The revered position of High King's Guardian changed every few hundred years when one was felled in battle or retired to pursue family and the peace that Death brings. Fate, despite the Star Warrior's every effort, had planned her newest guardian to bring the Shining Lord's demise.
Thanos:(gets up) Well, guys, it's finally my time. I'm off to destroy the universe. (heads for the door) You guys were fun. You guys indeed brought a smile on my face. I hope they remember you. (leaves)
A grenade rolled into view, and the quartet got thrown well back when it fired its energy pulse. Star-Lord, Drax, and Mantis appeared in the doorway.
"Uh, we don't do that here." T'Challa explained, and Bruce shot Rhodey a big grin. "So how big of an assault can we expect?" asked T'Challa as the group began to walk back into the administrative building.
"You'll only wish you were dead." Maw sneered. Strange fell unconscious and to the ground; Maw raised a portion of street pavement to use as a carrier, but the Cloak of Levitation worked its master loose of the cable spiral and flew Strange away. Meanwhile, Tony was still fighting Black Dwarf, as Strange passed through the park.
Ned turned around and saw the spaceship. "Holy bagumba! We're all gonna die! There's a spaceship!" Students scrambled to the windows in the back to see the spaceship. Peter quickly slid on one of his Stark-made web-shooters, and webbed the emergency exit lever on the opposite side of the bus.
"I hope these dwarves are better at forging than they are cleaning. Maybe they realized they live in a junk pile in the middle of space." said Rocket.
Carol had dropped Leyenar in front of Dr. Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum, telling her that "See you soon!" As soon as Leyenar entered the place, she saw Dr. Strange himself, dressed in casual American clothes, proceeding down the main steps of the Sanctum with Wong.
Drax, who had came to, attempted to strike Thanos but the Titan used the Reality Stone to turn him into a pile of cubes, and Mantis got shredded into ribbons.
It was one such year, as the Star Warrior sneaked down, in hope of grabbing some of the famed apples when he found not just the fruit but the Apple Princess herself, daughter of the ruler of Earth. Instantly enamored, he forgot all about his original intent and instead whisked her up away into the heavens.
"What do you want?" Before Wong could answer, Dr. Strange noticed Leyenar, who had just came in. "Oh, hello, Director!"
"It isn't supposed to be." Suddenly, Vision's voice distorted electronically. "My systems are failing." Wanda used her magic to knit his wound back together. Vision continued in a gasping, wry tone, "I'm beginning to think...we should have stayed in bed."
Meanwhile, Peter Parker is revealed to have managed to shoot a web to the outside of the ship, foiling his parachute, and clambers inside a slowly-closing chamber. "Oh, my god! I should have remained inside that bus..." he said. Ebony Maw, hands engaged in the ship's steering mechanism, accelerated into hyperspace.
Meanwhile, Tony, Peter and Leyenar watched from afar with the Cloak Of Levitation. "Wow, you're a seriously loyal piece of outerwear, aren't you?" Tony told the Cloak.
. No one." she giggled, and Thanos turned to face her, all teary-eyed. "Really? Tears?" said Gamora, laughing harder.
A young soldier who went by the name of Sun, one of many soldiers tasked with defending the borders of the multiverse from the darkness and also a powerful warrior.
"Families can be tough." said Thor. Before my father died, he told me I had a half-sister...that he imprisoned in Hel. Then she returned home, and stabbed me in the eye, so...I had to kill her. It's life, isn't it, I guess. Goes round and round and...I feel your pain."
"Hammer." said Tony, then pushed Bruce and Leyenar out of the way. His energy beam deflected off Dwarf's shield, slicing down trees. Bruce barely evaded one.
"He is not a dude. You're a dude. This...This is a man. A handsome, muscular man." said Drax, awe in his voice.
In this story, Pepper Potts is a white supremacist and doesn't approve of colored people, and since I'm Asian to top everything else, that makes her hate me even more. For example, the "banana" is one of those slurs directed at Asian people who are only 90% American, like me.
"Okay, time to be the captain." Rocket murmured. "So, dead brother, huh? Yeah, that can be annoying."
"Because for years, the Reality Stone has been safely stored, there with a man we call the Collector." Thor replied.
Corvus Glaive pinned Vision down and dug the point of his high-tech glaive into Vision's forehead in an attempt to extract the Mind Stone. Wanda commited her own surprise attack, blasts both of the aliens away, then lifted Vision and herself into a nearby courtyard, from where Wanda drags him to rest in a concealed alleyway. "The blade. It stopped me from phasing." Vision said.
Yeah, and that was exactly what happened to Cap and Irah, they were Twin-Flames. Leyenar recognized them as an ancient spirit, which had once been two soulmates conjoined in an act of desperation and true love. Now, the spirit was two souls once more, however, the separation caused great unrest in the depths of their beings. The young girl's hands curled up into tight fists, with an intense fire burning in her eyes. She would do anything in her power to bring Cap and Irah back together, and Ultron would certainly aid and abet her in any plan necessary. And, together, they would make Pepper Potts pay.
“When I bought you that workbench, I knew that you’d use it. It haunted me for days, mind. You getting into trouble because I had been careless; I had nightmares about… What made you want to see that boy, Tony?” She asked, looking serious.
We took a left up the corridor, went up another flight of stairs and travelled once more to the furthest room down; a mahogany door was firmly closed.
My chest heaved, heart pounding; cracking my ribs, forcing the fine splinters to splice through my skin. Had they murdered Rhodey?
Pepper’s hair was red and it made me think of the strawberries that used to grow in the garden before father removed them to extend the patio. They were sweet and I used to grab handfuls at a time, until Dara scolded me and informed me that ‘they have to be washed to get rid of insects, idiot!’.
Dara always did that to me; made me feel stupid with vague sentences. She was a nice woman in a lot of ways… but if she could get power, then she would take it.
“No, mother, he never hurt me and he never forced me.” I whispered to her. “He was nice to me… He was my friend!”
It did not feel fair, to be cast out so suddenly, so quickly. I was here because I was special, right? That was the point of Totleigh? And suddenly, when an Alpha arrives, I am once again kicked out and ignored.
Mother sat with a grim expression painted onto her delicate features. I feel uneasy, because I could very easily be blamed for any and all accusations Obadiah thrust upon me.
Her words were said not with malice but with the intention to teach me. Rhodey was not what I had been through so much for; I was expecting to be given to an Alpha with much higher prospects. Rhodey was at most a servant who would continue to work in my father’s shops. Rhodey was not mine to fall in love with.
“I’ll be up soon. I need to get some business done with Dr. Banner.” She said gently, before shutting the door.
The very thought of Obadiah churns my stomach, coats my throat with bile and sends a searing pain through my chest. I feel as if though she knows. She must know. She has to.
My fingers lightly brush a tulip, feeling the silk of the petals and firm rigidity of the stem. It feels real. The rain still splatters, and it ends up being Thor that actually takes me under the shelter.
I enjoyed the paper dolls and the paper clothes that allowed me to play dress-up. I enjoyed the wooden prince and the wooden princess that lived in a wooden castle and rode on wooden horses, all delicately painted by the finest artists my father could hire. I enjoyed the felt babies that I mothered and placed in little material cots I made by the one present I loved more than anything.
Totleigh Manor was a safe-haven. Not many people knew about the place. And those who did, yet had no business knowing, believed the manor was a place of re-education for Omegas who still had hopes of being saved.
She grasped me hard and shakes, tears falling down her face. “I knew I should have sent you away to an Omega Commune.” She cried. I stared at her in fear. I do not know the consequences of my actions and dread to find out. “You are wicked and wrong and…” she stopped short, took in a breath, “I love you dearly.”
I wished they looked like the mixed wild of Totleigh Manor. Walking through the wooden door was like getting a hug from somebody special and warm. The hearth was fire-full, purring out heat, and it kept the hall in a constantly cosy state.
“Tell me, Tony, do you like it?” Virginia seemed excited, eyes wide as she watched me. I grinned at her, jumping a little on my bare feet.
“What if Hela heard you, moron?!” He hissed, hitting the back of his head. Loki jutted forward, before laughing.
I was confused. I was dazed and dizzy, too. I suppose that the day had been a long one and this was the final scare of many. I suppose that’s why I rested my head on his chest and caught my breath.
I wanted to make him proud. The first piece of wood I cut by myself was rigid and wonky. Rhodey smoothed it with sandpaper for me. I looked like a mutilated love heart.
“Of course, my associates agreed that the slut was guilty. We removed the child and the womb. The Omega cried and wailed and one guard almost showed him comfort, but that’s precisely what allowed the situation to happen.”
“In my homeland, there’s trees that reach higher than the top of the manor. They’re hard to climb, until you learn to follow grooves; I can climb to the top in mere seconds!”
It would make sense for an Alpha to own the property. Otherwise it would have seized and sold. It was the only sure way to protect the building, too; having an Alpha on the lease meant that it was somebody who was probably making money. Alphas made the money. Betas worked for a share. Omegas snatched at the scraps and made homes out of it.
Special thanks to Sappuppet, who makes me think about my writing and the way in which I portraying themes and ideas. You are a wonder!
Hundreds of personalities left themselves on that wall. It was a wall of evidence that we were not alone and I, for the first time in my life, might not be as wrong or as unsuitable or as un-Omega as the people in my life had led me to believe.
As the song ended, Steve took Tony's hand and led him to the blanket where they sat together. Steve unpacked all the different foods he'd made that day, feeding Tony what he wanted of each dish and sharing the bottle. Tony had been sober since the
Of course, he hadn't seen Tony more than 28 days of the last 6 months. That's quite a bit of alone time to nurse a bad habit once broken.
Always over dramatic, Tony made sure his entrance to the event was grand. Perhaps tonight he went a tad bit overboard. At least that's what the look on Fury's face told him when he flew through the wide open balcony doors in his suit.
“Right, cause you’re just so concerned about my health, huh, Rogers?” Tony didn’t have to put up with this. He briskly pushed past them to find better companions to converse with.
Before long, they were home from their long day. They decided to end it with Italian cuisine and dancing on the balcony to Steve’s favorite records. Under the moonlight, Tony spun his lover in circles, and Steve held his best fella close.
"I mean- he just- he- Tony's-" Steve stuttered as Bucky scanned his own eye and pulled him into the elevator, wiping his eyes.
As he sacrificed the true most important thing in his life, his mark glowed brighter than it ever had in his lifetime. Tears burned in his eyes, and he realized once he placed the papers on the bedside table that his mark was burning, too.
“That’s what all our friends say anyway. Apparently kissing and going out on dates makes us boyfriends or something.”
"Wow, you look even stronger in person." A petite, blonde woman in a mini dress started rubbing Steve's arm, which he quickly jerked away, hardly masking the look of disgust flashing across his face.
Knowing Steve, he was just far too kind to let Tony down. He would stick around because he didn't want to hurt Tony. But that wasn't right. And Tony knew what he had to do-
Steve feared the reaction he'd get if he made another sound, so he stayed unbearably quiet. Tony had made his way across the room and into the kitchen. Though his feet had to have carried him in the same direction, Steve didn't recall moving.
“Now, anyone with a camera, you might wanna get ready for this one. There is someone you all need to meet.”
“Just give yourself time to heal. It’ll all work out in the end. After all, you two are meant to be.” She spoke softly, rubbing his glowing soul mark with her thumb.
