Abruptly, Steve stood up and dusted his knees. After, he gave Tony a warm glance.
Tony thought bleakly, rubbing at his neck to soothe his nerves.
Even in the way he smelled.
“I’m not leaving you. Never again. I’m taking you home.”
lessons?”
It’s a relief to hear. Steve loves their son regardless of his orientation. He’s an omega and Steve accepts that and even-
Tony’s smile dimmed and he looked at the ground. “I don’t know if I’d call him brave. He’s the furthest thing at the moment.”
“It generally takes our Research department four months. I’m being generous.”
“Easy.”
“I do!
Carefully, he slides out of his bed and walks towards the door. A quick glance at the neon blue holo-clock on the wall shows it’s four am and that no one should be up. It’d be reasonable to leave it closed. Still, he gets up an opens it, not sure why.
There was a moment of silence where Iron man just stared at him and for a second Steve worried he wasn’t breathing.
He jabbed his hand at Steve’s chest and shoved him back hard, feeling tears fall from his eyes.
Tony squinted and nodded, spotting black and red. “The spider?”
Dugan tilted his head and smiled a little. “He talks about you a lot. Says you’re a big deal in the hero business.”
“How did he die?” Steve says through grit teeth and red eyes. His fists clench in the sheets. Maybe he can still do something right after all. “Who killed him?”
“Eight actually. But that was really impressive.”
Defeated, Tony sank to the floor and drew his knees close to his chest. He cried his eyes out until he ran out of tears to give.
“Oh my god. Tony!?” Steve said with such disbelief that Tony really couldn’t help it. He started to sob.
Tony didn’t care if he felt the door hit him on the way out. The glass could break for all he cared.
“Thank you.” Tony replied with a confident smile and took a deep breath before dusting his suit down and standing up.
“You’re my omega, Tony. I need to keep you safe.”
Ty shakes his head. “We haven’t. We were going to but things kept coming up. And I knew we were thinking about having a baby but we wanted to bond before. This was, this was a happy accident I guess.”
Just as he turned to leave, he mentally cursed and reached for his one precious item. The one thing he’d had looped around his neck that day.
“Well, what’d you expect!?” Tony snapped sharply, pulling his gaze away from the endless sky to glare at him. “You don’t care, you made that perfectly clear! I’m sorry but I can’t change the way I-“
“That...what was that?” Tony asked quietly, finally lowering his hand to stare at Steve. He couldn’t believe what had just happened. He couldn’t even begin to decipher what Steve had been thinking. If it was anyone else, Tony would have thought they were making a move on him (though most people were never so quick to let go).
Steve didn’t seem too bothered. He was back under control. “Do you want to hear it or not?”
“J-Jarvis. O-open the suit a-and-“
“I don’t mind.” Ty says lightly, looking unperturbed. “If it proves we’re together I don’t mind.”
I hate it, I just-!” Tony wailed, pulling Steve’s shirt even harder. “I-I
“I hear you’re not so bad.” Steve tilted his head and considered him carefully. “At least that’s what I’m told.”
Steve kept silent. He watched Tony with pitying gold eyes.
“How can that be?” Tony finally asked, after the information sunk in.
Tony didn’t know what to think of that. Somehow, this man had managed to hit the nail on the head. He was bang on, and Tony didn’t even know him until today.
“What are you talking about?”
“Shhh. Easy.” Steve murmured, feeling the shakes start to slow. “You’ve been so damn brave.”
Steve has to go on a mission. Hydra agents. The same ones that hurt Tony to begin with. Fury’s found the base and it needs dealing with.
“Nick’s an old friend of mine. As I’m sure you know. But sometimes he doesn’t always listen to me. Same as your Captain really.” He said with a slight shake of his head. “They work hard but sometimes that’s not enough.”
Tony gently nudged Steve’s hands away. “Steve.” He swallowed and his brow furrowed but he kept looking at Steve. “You...why have you done so much? You didn’t need to, anyone else wouldn’t.”
“What’re we celebrating?” He mumbled, scowling into Thor’s shoulder, which to his disappointment, was just as warm as the rest of the god.
“Oh you’re no fun. What’s the point if they just give in without a struggle?”
it into the wall, letting the liquid pool on the floor in a mix of glass and drink. The pills get snatched next. They're emptied and dropped into the mess and before Tony can even breathe, Steve crushes the pills under his boots and grinds them hard enough for the floor to dent. When it's done, he turns back to Tony with a shadow over his eyes.
“Get Agent Hill online and get an update from them. They should be able to give us visuals on what’s going on down there while we get the coms back online.” He ordered, pushing himself up from the chair.
“Hey, listen.” Steve watched his chest rise and fall with a laser stare. He was too afraid to look away, just in case. “You’re safe, okay? Iron man?”
“Cap? You there?”
He’s met with silence. He can’t even tell if Tony is listening.
“Hello? No I haven’t seen Captain America.” Tony eyed Steve and raised a brow at Steve’s smile. “Yeah I’ll see to the rest of the Superhero Registration when I get back.”
Steve looked concerned. In fact, Tony would go so far as to say he looked scared. But of what, Tony wasn’t sure. It couldn’t have been him.
“Shhhh that’s it. I’m not going to hurt you. I’m not going to hurt you when I swore to protect you.”
Steve was undeterred. He simply stepped closer, smile remaining unaltered.
He somehow manages to grip the card. With ice-white fingers that tremble, he drops the card in Steve’s hand.
"The real question is can you trust me? I wouldn't blame you if you didn't."
”Despite what you think of me, I don’t actually have it in me to fight anymore. You’re better off talking to an Avenger. I’m just a lab assistant. Just like you said.”
When Tony was let out, he was jittery and shaky on his feet, his blood levels lower than he liked. Time became nonexistent in there but for once, Tony had reveled in it.
“You’re burning up.” Steve breathed, sounding like he’d been the one to get punched and Tony could see the Commander stance finally dissolving completely.
“You’re perfect. You’re my everything.”
Steve breathed a sigh of relief. Behind them, the airlock doors hissed open and Thor walked in, looking wary.
...” Tony continued to cry, feeling tears stream down his face as he promised himself that if Steve came out of this alive he’d never go near him again, he’d never touch him or love him, or ever hurt him again. He was cursed. Soulless, and this was what he did.
Millions die. He thinks perhaps Tony had been right after all.
“No. No I wouldn’t.”
“You’re okay, I’m here.” Steve says quietly and for a moment, Tony wonders if Steve is truly saying that for himself. Either way, he appreciates it.
Tiberius.
“Med team is ready and waiting.”
Steve paused for a moment but then-
“No! Of course not! But Zeke I-“
“He’s safer with me than with you. Look at what happened to him on your watch.”
None of those things had happened. Not even fulfilling the contract he'd signed. He felt more isolated than ever.
"I need a team ready in the next half hour. I'm going to do a retrieval."
he realized, as he watched Maria say something quietly to Steve who was just staring blankly at the table with clenched fists. Once again it had all become background noise and he couldn’t focus on the words they were saying but he could understand what he was seeing.
Well. Things hadn’t been great.
Tony scrunched his eyes and turned his head the other way, frowning as he did when his cheek fell into Steve’s now empty palm. The injector slipped out of his hand and fell forgotten on the ground.
“I had Maria investigating. Then we found out you had been visiting various competitors. When we saw no change in market products or branding, we started to look into it a bit more.” Steve blew out a breath and looked away. “Sorry.”
"You just relax Tony. I'll take good care of you." He murmured and his lips started to drift lower, while his hands began to trace over Tony's stomach gently, just below the bandages. Steve was careful not to touch them.
Tony vowed to keep them safe from this point on.
“Oh, I don’t think that’s enough!” Norman snarled and put the full force of his strength down Tony’s back.
Because you...Tony you nearly...”
“AND I WILL
The doctor went quiet for a moment. Then he followed his gaze and stared at Tony too, making Tony feel like a subject under a microscope. Only this was worse.
Tony hadn’t been surprised but it had still been enough. Maybe he’d already reached the point of no return. It hadn’t been Steve’s fault. He’d even tried to save him from the fire after all.
“St’ve.” He whispers and instantly Steve shoots his head up and looks at him. “Why ‘re you h’re?”
After some time, the helicopter started to descend and Tony felt his stomach shift as the pressure popped his ears. Beside him, the various shield escorts said nothing, busy speaking to each other on a separate channel in the headphones in a heated discussion.
“No he didn’t.”
“Well obviously!” Dugan rolled his eyes and leaned back in his chair. “Our boy just needs to get on with it. Good on Nick though-“
“Of course it’s true.” Steve said sharply, almost cutting into him. “You went into shock.
Steve doubts it though. Something is definitely going on behind closed doors. The Illuminati are hiding something.
“Five months and two weeks.” Ty says calmly and lifts his chin up, folding his arms. “You and I have always been drawn to each other.”
“Run by you and patented by you. Yes we all know.” Robinson leaned forward and steepled his fingers under his chin. “You’re the brains behind the machine. The centerpiece. The only piece that really matters.”
you-!?”
Instantly Fury turned and eyed Tony up and down.
Steve was Captain America. Nowhere did that say patient.
“Ah, that’s brilliant Stark! Absolutely brilliant, but then again, I never expected anything different!” Tyler cheered and beamed with pride as he flicked through the blueprints. His eyes were lit with pleasant surprise.
"It's registered you. You can come in whenever you need to." Steve explained and when Tony just stared at him in shock, Steve winked and gestured to the room.
“Right.” Tony opened his mouth but hesitated. He tried to shape the words to let them take hold but each time, Tony’s mouth clamped shut.
They eventually come up with a solution. An adaptation of the Dyson Sphere, coupled with a combination of the best adjustments from the best minds in the world and the best scientists at Shield. Together they come up with a solution and win. Together they Avenge like they always do.
But then, two weeks into his break, Tony got a message from Steve saying he had to go take care of Shield business and would need to leave the Helicarrier for some time.
Feeling something begin to turn in his stomach, he paused and looked up at her. “Don’t you think?”
“Oh please!” Tony laughed sharply and clicked his armor into place. “I enjoyed the sex. But that’s all I ever wanted. Don’t get ahead of yourself thinking you know me, because you sure as hell don’t. You don’t know what I’ve been through.”
Tony frowned and took it, already having an idea, just from a glance.
Tony’s eyes popped at the implication. What did that even mean?
Steve doesn’t have a name on his skin. He’s wanted one desperately since he was five years old. To have someone chosen for him by the universe, someone that is solely his to stand by his side. Maybe the serum wiped it out or maybe the time difference in the ice messed with his biology or perhaps the universe just decided to screw with him-it sounds like something Tony would agree with, that's for sure
Even if he doesn’t make it, his baby will be safe. In the hands of Steve, the baby will be
“Yes father. We were just playing.”
“Sorry.” Steve looked away. “You’re not going. You need to rest.”
“No.” Tony shook his head, feeling just a tad dizzy. “Just tipsy.”
“No no! I’m hungry!” The younger one cried and pushed against the other boy and Tony couldn’t help the grim smile that plastered his face. If he had a soul, he was sure it would’ve been enveloped by now.
“Oh, oh god you’re his-okay, it’s going to be okay, I’ll get cap and you’ll be-“
“Sorry...I’m sorry...” Tony sniffed and Steve, despite the blood loss, stiffened and lifted up a shakey hand to wrap around Tony’s waist. Slowly, he squeezed hard enough for Tony to feel it through the suit.
Tony nodded and shuffled closer. “What I did was the highest insult to a vampire family. I told you, I had already been promised to Whitney. They won’t let it go. Their reputation is at stake.”
“Z-Zeke! I was just explaining to Norman-“
He reached out and gripped Tony’s chin, bringing Tony’s whole body a little closer. Suddenly there was no wall between them, and Tony’s careful efforts to separate them were being demolished. They were so close, Tony could feel Steve’s breath on his lips. His eyes widened when Steve tipped his head to the side but he couldn’t stop him from doing it. He was too shocked to be anything more than putty in Steve’s grip.
“How do I know?” Tony gasps and continues to cry when he pulls back and see Roger’s distraught face. “How do I know you’re not lying to me? Someone is.”
“Shellhead.” He breathes. “I thought you had left.”
Steve tried to ignore how badly his own voice cracked. It was hard but he swallowed when Tony clutched at his shirt, his fists shaking so much as he cried his eyes out. Steve could see the strain and when Tony shifted, he saw how tight his brow was and how much he was clenching his teeth.
Tony closes the book and stands up. His whole body feels numb and shakey and he thinks he's gonna throw up.
“Okay, it’s alright Mr.Stark. Just a few more questions. When was the last time you assisted with the labs? I know you’re very good at the work.”
Reed barks out in laughter and brings a hand to his head. It comes out manic and Steve’s fingers itch for his shield.
In the distance, a faint light flickered and he wondered if maybe that was his chance. It looked like the old sign of some gas station but maybe someone there would let him make a call. If he could just borrow someone’s phone-
“After you.” Steve said warmly, though when Tony glanced at him, he seemed fairly distant as always.
"Let go of me, Steve." Tony demanded, and like he'd been burned, he let go of Tony and pulled back sharply. As soon as Tony sat up, he did too, all traces of drowsiness gone.
Tony squeezed his fingers back. But he didn’t say much else. His expression was grim though.
Tony thought, and suddenly felt a burst of frustration. Was this how their evening was going to go? If it was, Tony was already doomed. This would be torture.
Steve looked so angry and yet, there was something wounded in his eyes and suddenly Tony was hit with a strange feeling of knowing what it meant.
“All eyes on target. Coordinates in place. Commander en route.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Tony said through grit teeth. He’d stood up too fast and his stitches throbbed. “I’m going down there to find out what’s happened.”
“I’m here.” He said quietly and paused. “Thanks Hill.”
“I’m not gonna be attacked Pepper. And even if I was, I’m on the most secure base in the US, surrounded by Avengers with Captain America leading the whole thing. I’m in good hands.”
“Ah-ha! You just don’t want to be caught out as the liar you are! Shame on you, how do you think the world will react to Captain America stealing Ironman’s baby?”
“Well?”
No sooner did he say it did the whole ball pit start to move. It started to shift up and down in waves with multiple chirps being heard.
“Mr. Stark.” The obstetrician says quietly and lowers her voice. “Please take a deep breath.”
Steve looked up at him and raised a perfect brow but something gleamed in his eyes. “Think?”
“Let’s start over. I’m Steve Rogers.”
“Really?”
Still, he nods. He wants to get better and Steve, he...
Steve understood. But this time, he felt strong enough to continue.
“What feelings?” Iron man finally said, but he sounded hushed and almost afraid. Like he couldn’t quite believe what he was hearing.
He flashed a broad smile and glanced at the children who were watching the scene quietly. “You were only looking out for them.”
For that, Tony resisted the urge to strangle Steve. Sometimes the idiot was so wrapped up in his own work that he missed the obvious.
The second; that it smelled entirely of pine and vanilla.
Steve thought, feeling his eyes well with tears and his body choke.
“I gave them to you because you’re mine. We’re partners.” He said and cleared his throat.
“Cap? You good to go?” Iron man said behind him and he quickly shook his head. What was he doing?
Tony waited for a response but didn’t get one. Instead, Steve stepped in line with the entrance to the alley and scanned the streets. Then he held out a hand behind him and beckoned Tony closer.
“I’m okay.” He whispered, but noticed the way Steve’s eyes widened and his whole demeanor shifted.
“I’m taking you home.” Steve said suddenly and stared him down like he was rearing to shut down any protest.
“Make sure to collect it on the morning of the event. It should be absolutely-“
He hadn’t expected Ty to leave him like that. Maybe if he hadn’t, Tony wouldn’t have gotten mugged or threatened by some petty group of thieves. What had started off as a nice date and drive back had ended in a nasty fight that had revolved around Tony’s ex.
Clint grabbed the shoulder of the armor and turned him around gently, nodding to the medics to signal he'd take over.
It felt wrong to disturb him. He needed food but he needed the rest too.
“J-Jarvis.” Steve sucked in through grit teeth. “Don’t let him out of the s-suit.”
Tony sees Bucky eyeing him closely during meetings though. Like he knows what’s happening.
“I don’t care if it’s obvious or not. As long as it works.”
“Of course. You’re welcome to stay with him until he wakes up. It shouldn’t be too long now, he’s almost at the end of his withdrawal, though he’s gonna be shaky for a while. He’s very lucky.”
“Clint told you about that!? I’m gonna kill him-“
“Fine.” Tony says without moving a muscle. “The incursions began. We disagreed. I mind-swiped you. You remembered. The end.” And he turns and picks up a wrench.
It all begins to make sense in Tony’s mind. Something has eased. It feels right.
“So you’ve always felt attracted to me?”
“Oh, he wants me to dress up for him?” Tony laughed and was pleased when the air-hostess smiled beside him.
Her expression turned grim and she looked away. “Forget it. You obviously think it’s a bad idea.”
"He drinks. As you know."
"Stop-"
Then he saw.
line of thinking down. Jesus, there was only so much Tony could take. “Just...what did you want to try?”
“What the heck!?” Tony shrieks and yanks the blanket off his shoulders and flings it onto the bed. “I said no funny business, Rogers!”
Tony smiled and set the bread-stick remains down carefully, standing up to give Jeremy a hug.
But the medic just smiled softly and shook his head. “I won’t tell anyone, I promise. I think you’re doing a lot better now though.” He said and stood up. “Would you like to see him?”
“I’m just having a hard time believing this. I mean I was literally about to be bonded only days ago. It’s just a lot.”
If Tony had a drink he would’ve choked on it. It was so not what he was expecting from the man who didn’t give anything away.
“Steve, you need to calm down-“
“What?” Steve croaks and opens and closes his mouth, feeling like something is pulling him down and launching him back into the ice.
“Wait here.” The tallest guy grunted and pulled off a com speaker from his belt. With a click of the button, he activated it, giving Tony a quick once over.
"But that's not something to do with Ironman." Steve pointed out calmly and well, didn't that sting?
“No I don’t.” Tony scowled, feeling too heavy to lift his head. This moron obviously didn’t know the first thing about him. Work was the only thing he was good for now.
“You mean morphing?”
As Tony made his way to bed, he pictured all the different events he’d attended and even hosted. They’d all been relatively formal but this was actually the first time he’d been invited as a plus one. And he’d never been involved with the government and generally as a rule, he kept to that. This was going to be a first.
“Oh the usual-pass me my robes, excellent.” Waiting for Tony to turn, he got changed and dumped his armor in the corner. “Yes, the usual. His band of fiends came along and tracked our movements again. I suspect they’ve definitely caught onto Whitney’s scent. She’s very distraught, you can understand.”
“Of course.” Steve grinned as Tony let go. “They’re here. I don’t plan on letting them go too far. From now on.”
“What’s the full works?”
“I wasn’t gone...” Tony said quietly, looking at the bag again.
From what Jarvis had told him, Natasha and Clint had quickly claimed the training areas, while Bruce had claimed one of the labs on the communal floor and Steve and Thor had claimed the living area. That was the one thing that Tony found a little odd. Were Steve and Thor talking
“I’d never.” Steve promised and Tony smiled sadly.
Steve swore and reached for his other pocket. The burner phone identical to Tony’s came up and Steve offered it in his palm.
“What are we calling him Tony? He needs a name.”
“Thanks. How come you have so much first aid stuff?” Tony asked tiredly, gesturing to the pile of bandages and gels in the huge green box.
“Of course Captain.” Ty smiles and looks at Tony with a soft expression. “We’re going to have a baby.”
Slowly, hands slipped under his head and neck, and just under his shoulder blades. Distantly, he registered that he shouldn’t have been able to move because of something to do with his back but-
“No. I’m still angry. I’m sorry but this is how it’s gonna be now.”
“Sure. Just let me suit up.” He says with an empty stare, and doesn’t bother to say anything else when Maria turns back and frowns a little and parts her mouth to say something.
“Yes. Really.” Steve opened the car door and jerked his head. “Get in. And don’t lose that receipt. It’s got the code to collect the suit. “
Plus Steve looked hilarious with his head just poking out of the ball pit like that.
“Steve-“ He said, grabbing his hand to stop the pawing. “-what’s happening to me?”
“You’re not some
He reached up for the switch on the headphones and spoke to the Shield escorts. “Where is everyone?”
sorry.”
A life of companionship and happiness. Tony had never been happier.
that was Steve flooded his body. It made his body pulse in time with Steve’s.
“You sure it’s the right lead?”
“Tony, please, I actually want to talk, especially before this goes through.”
He feels safe with Steve. Like he’s more than just an omega.
“There is that matter we discussed earlier. I’d like to know more if you are agreeable?”
Jeremy’s face too. It was less chiseled and angular, and just seemed a little less like the models you’d see in Dolce and Gabbana and more like the comfortable, no-upstaging boyfriend material. Unlike Steve who had jawlines so sharp, Tony genuinely wondered if they were real.
“Captain, as I said.” Strange says and it almost sounds like begging but that’s not likely. “Have compassion. There is only so much we can take as well.”
“Oooh I can’t wait! He’s so lippy, maybe we can cut out his tongue-“
Reed flinches and Steve instantly feels that weight grow. But he swallows and holds his ground.
Steve closes his eyes and recites a prayer in his head. He marvels at just how wrong he'd been. At just how different he was after all.
The stranger looks tired. He looks lost. Lonely. Homeless.
The image of the Avengers stares back at him. And with it, Steve’s bright smile and warm eyes.
“Yes, sweetheart. Of course it’s me.” Tiberius Stone says softly and steps closer until he’s standing beside him. Carefully he kneels beside the bed and holds out his hand. “You had quite a knock sweetheart, but I’m here.”
“The government and I don’t have the best relationship. Ask Rhodey, he’ll tell you.”
Visibly, the man-
Closing his eyes, he took his last breath, feeling the pain start to fade. The sensations were starting to disappear, one by one. His fingers felt cold, then his arms and legs, and now his chest. His vision was slowly turning grey and the ringing in his ears was all he could hear.
On one hand, it’s seems like he’s been leading two alphas on-which, when he thinks about it, makes him shudder because he’d never pictured himself to be the type to do that, no matter how much he’d done when he was younger. On the other hand, if that’s not the case, which he hopes its not, then someone’s lying. Someone in this room is lying.
“Sharon, don’t be like that,
Feeling his cheeks burn, Tony stared at the disgusting rug in a hopeless attempt to hide. But it was useless.
“G’bye...W’nghead.”
“Reed!” A voice calls from the entrance, and both Steve and Reed snap their heads towards the newcomer. It’s Strange, again.
"I'm sorry, Tony. I'm
Tony had no answer to that. It was the truth and they both knew it.
“What do you mean?”
“Bring it over.” He ordered distractedly and Tony wondered if he’d get so lucky that Steve didn’t even realize the Shield grunt in his room was his ex-teammate slash traitor.
It feels like letting go. And it
Blood started to drip onto the floor too.
Tony was a worker. Steve was the employer-the boss. If Steve told him to jump, he’d be expected to ask how high.
“How long has this been here?” Steve said quietly, cradling his hand carefully to inspect the rash. Tony didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at that.
Steve took one look at his fists. Then his eyes flicked up and he looked Tony in the eye.
Fine. If Steve wanted this restaurant he was gonna have to work for it. Make it up to him.
Approaching the lift, he pressed the button and smiled at the group of agents who gawked at his outfit. He knew it was odd but he would’ve thought they’d have seen someone wearing a hoodie and sweatpants, at least once in their lives. Okay, the boots were weird but that wasn’t his fault. Steve had an obsession with them and his other shoes were in the locker.
“Take off the armor.”
The window next to him showed his reflection staring back at him. Tired, dull eyes blinked and a shadow of fear seemed to paint the reflection in a darker light. If only he could truly pull himself out of the worry to enjoy the view outside.
Eyes going wide, Tony mentally recapped everything. “There’s a dance?”
Tony was gobsmacked. How had he missed it?
“Tired but can’t sleep.” Tony sighed, not even bothering to point out Steve’s obvious slip up of his name. If only Steve would make up his mind. “What are you doing here?”
Tony’s head spun. He couldn’t help but look at the space Steve was making. He could easily fit in that space. Be in Steve’s lap and let his huge hands steady him as he leaned in to press his lips to Steve’s-
But he was exhausted and somewhat nauseous from the travel previously and from last night. Even five more minutes would’ve helped.
Slowly he lies his head back and looks up at the dark sky. There’s no stars out. No signs of life or anything that suggests there’s something more.
"There's videos online. Apparently it's a well known fact that you love to dance and you're good at it."
“What do you mean?” Tony said tiredly, knowing the others on the table were probably listening in, even if they were making small talk. Gabe was
“Do you...do you need help?” Tony asked quietly and stepped out of the shadows, making sure to keep his fangs retracted and his arms clearly visible.
The memory of that night came flooding back. His body shivered and he grimaced.
“Deep breaths. C’mon breathe. You’re okay, you’re gonna be okay.”
“Yeah, m’fine.” Tony huffed, and feeling his cheeks burn, he pulled his hand away and cleared his throat.
“Mr. Stark, we don’t have all day.”
“He doesn’t look very pleased.”
certified date. Okay not certified but definitely confirmed. He’d just gotten a message. Jeremy would be here soon.
“Commander, we are inbound.”
“Tony.” Steve said beside him but still refused to look at him. He’d been livid since their chat. “Relax. It won’t hurt.”
Strange eyes him carefully. Steve meets his gaze and waits.
“How long have we been together?” Tony asks and hears Rogers make a strangled noise. He ignores it for now.
“I...”
“We gotta see if it has a control panel on the back! That’s the best shot I think!”
sorry.”
“You’re that one! The vampire I saw. You’re a leach!” He snapped, tightening his grip and making the armor creak a little. Still, Tony couldn’t help the smirk that reached his lips.
Tony had just walked in with the popcorn when he heard Clint’s voice. He paused by the door and waited.
Tony thought, smiling up at Steve.
Stark squirmed in his grasp desperately. Then he slumped and gave up.
As Tony takes slow steps into the mystery room, he holds back a gasp at the sight. What was once a guest room has now been decorated into a perfect room for the pup. There’s Ironman and Captain America and the Avengers all painted on the largest wall as small silhouettes on a tower. The crib sits beside it and next to that are two large sofas and a coffee table. Strange but homey.
love that got him in this mess. If only he hadn’t lied to himself and admitted that there was nothing left for him from the start. If only he’d been kinder to himself and accepted that his relationship with Steve was dead.
Taking a deep breath, he knocked once, and watched it hiss open. Of course, Steve was sat on his desk, just as expected.
“Thanks.” Tony clinked his drink against Pierce’s and took a long sip. On reflection, maybe he’d been too harsh about the man. Stern was a complete asshole but Pierce just seemed like a typical politician.
“Don’t apologize!” Steve hissed, and to his horror, Steve started to blink rapidly too.
From him. Just like everything else.
He really needed to work on that.
Gritting his teeth, Tony clenched his fist and stood his ground.
He feels awful. Like when he was a kid and he was sick with pneumonia. He remembers being taken to the hospital. It was a long time ago.
With a sigh, Maria let her hands fall to her hips. She seemed exhausted herself to be fair, and Tony almost felt bad for her. Then again, it wasn’t like he knew her that well.
Letting out a sigh, Steve leaned back and close his eyes.
Even Steve thinks he can’t be saved. It’s
“I’M NOT HIS SOULMATE! I
“Tony? How’re you feeling?” Steve sighed, taking his clothes off methodically in the dark. Tony promised himself he’d demand a repeat performance when he was more awake.
The next day goes in a blur. Tony spends half the day with Steve and half the day with Ty. And throughout, he tries to get as much information as possible. Soon enough it’s night.
It’s itching at him. Something’s wrong. Something’s toying with him. Nothing is right anymore.
The Cap-tsum looked at him sadly and at the outstretched hands, he shook and bleated softly. But then Tony noticed him glancing behind Tony and then something steeled his resolve. Slowly and ever so carefully, he swam towards Tony and allowed Tony to pick him up carefully.
“Do you mind?”
Tony blinked.
“Let go.” He begged so quietly it was almost a whisper and as quickly as Steve had come into his space, he let go like a man burned. The smile instantly vanished from Steve’s face and he took a large step back.
“I’m just worried. They’re not themselves anymore.” She says quietly and Steve puts his hand on the panel and scans it.
“Yes. A few weeks from now. It’ll be tough but I’ve managed before.”
They hadn’t always been like this. But then again, Steve was still thinking about his injuries.
“Just reached now.” Tony heard Steve frown before he even spoke. “It’s empty. No heat signatures, nothing.”
“He’s an omega.” Steve says quietly, and something has changed in his voice. “He’s...”
A small huff escaped his lips. This was nothing. He should’ve expected it. Who would want him? He was trouble, full stop. He was extra work. Someone that came with extra problems. A
"Well, for starters, Ironman isn't exactly the best person to have on the team. And I'm not exactly someone people can trust."
Was Steve
Steve didn't say anything. He just stared at Tony like he'd said he was the Hulk's cousin.
“Sit back down boy! I know that look.” He demanded with a bite and Tony nearly flinched under the sudden scrutiny. Only there was something warm behind the command. Tentatively, Tony sat back down and waited as Gabe sat beside him. He didn’t let go of Tony’s sleeve but did loosen his grip slightly.
The sun was setting, the day was ending. They were seated on their frequent ledge, watching it fade together. It wouldn’t be long now.
“Definitely.” Tony confirmed, removing Zeke’s boots on autopilot.
Fury pulled him back and before Tony could even react, he was pushed into the seat Gabe had swiftly pulled out and was tucked in before he could even blink. Behind him, Fury clapped his hands on his shoulders and spoke up.
He ducked behind the ledge of the roof and peaked over carefully. The vantage point was excellent; from here, he could see so much.
“Please. I can handle them.” He said, and Tony noticed how his hand shook. “
Through the black bag on the hanger, Tony couldn’t see anything so it couldn’t be that obvious. And Steve wasn’t the type of guy to make a statement. He was much more subtle.
“C’mon. I want to show you some of my friends.”
"Yes."
“How many people do you think would hesitate to bond Tony Stark? How much do you think he’s worth?”
He wondered if she even remembered what she looked like anymore. He’d always wondered how someone so vain could go so long without a mirror.
Unfortunately, as soon as Tony placed the folders down, Steve paused and looked straight up at him, about to say something. Only, as soon as he saw Tony he closed his mouth and frowned.
“I’m so sorry, my lord!” Tony gasped and cupped his face in his hands, projecting the image of utter despair. “I’m just so exhausted and after feeding the twins, I-“
“He does
“You did. I don’t know who pressed the button but I know one of you-“
“Oh, Tony.” Steve whispered shakily and ever so gently brushed his thumbs against his shoulder blades. His skin buzzed and felt burning hot under the touch but it was Steve’s voice that really hit.
“I don’t have any soul marks left.” Tony admitted reluctantly and then looked up again, only this time he was calm. Even Steve’s quickly paling expression was doing nothing to stop him.
“You’re my everything Tony. You’re all I have. And you have to know that I don’t want this.”
"Yes. Of course." Tony said quietly and slowly, almost as if in a daze, they both inched closer.
Tony begged, feeling tears start to fall down his face as Steve swayed in his arms.
"N-nothing." Tony coughed out and groaned, feeling his legs shaking. He was starting to sway. "Mission success commander."
“You hate me. You’ve always hated me-“
The stranger always leaves him, abandons him when he needs him most. He loves and hates the stranger-a familiar feeling he’s had before.
All of a sudden it was too much. Like screaming into a void and realizing nothing would come back. How did Clint not get it?
Steve didn’t take his eyes off the omega in front of him. He didn’t dare stray even for a minute. This image would be seared into his mind until the end of time, something that would haunt him forever. But he simply needed to remember it for when he pushed back against the government.
A sharp pain courses through his body and it’s agonizing. The pain envelops him like fire and attacks from all sides, feeding off his body and stealing his last breaths. It’s so bad he’s forced to bend over.
Tony had learned that Steve had regretted what had happened and was only lashing out because he was frustrated. He’d learned that maybe he wasn’t the only one who had struggled to accept that he’d nearly killed his best friend.
“Cap. Winghead.” He knew all eyes were watching him now but he didn’t have time to hide pet names. Steve wasn’t answering. He wasn’t answering.
Something flickered in the man’s eyes. Then Steve’s eyebrows lifted up a fraction before settling once again. Seriously, the man was like a sphinx! “I know you could’ve. But I took you to my tailor and you’re coming to this event on my invite.”
By the time Tony was finished, he was panting. For some reason he’d completely snapped and now-
“Nick! Glad you could make it!” Tony tipped his glass and shuffled over to make room for Fury to pull out the chair next to him. Beside them, Maria and another woman took a seat.
Tony's head shot up and Steve was surprised to see his eyes flare. "It's not that. I didn't want you to find out because I'm not
There’s a fine line between living and staying alive. Some days are harder than others. Not once does Tony think of what Steve would say.
“Yes.” He agreed warily.
“You’re unreal Stark. Stop making a mess on my desk. If you wanna do that, go talk to Ty or sit in your corner. There’s a good little billionaire.”
“HELP, HELP!”
To say Captain America is pissed is an understatement. Rogers growls at Ty like an alpha about to strike.
“You first.” She nodded and Tony did as told, hearing the five pairs of footsteps behind him. They’d reached a straight corridor with maroon flooring and steel walls that led to only one door. Tony was somewhat confused since he didn’t recognize this place on board but it quickly dawned on him that behind that door was likely to be Steve.
The baby’s getting bigger too. His stomach is starting to swell more and he knows he won’t be able to hide this under three piece suits soon enough. And he can’t pilot the suit. Time for a break.
Opening that door would be like opening Pandora’s box. He hadn’t spoken to Steve in three months. That in itself caused damage and that didn’t even begin to touch on the fact that he was responsible for what happened to Steve, even if he couldn’t remember it.
“Yes” The doctor smiled at him knowingly, and Tony, the sucker he was, had to ask.
He growls suddenly because
“It’s someone we know.”
“Okay Tony.” Steve instructed and shifted on his feet. “Now or never.”
“Home. As in my place.” Steve said through grit teeth and when Tony looked at him in surprise, he noted the white-knuckled grip Steve had on the steering wheel.
He’s never felt more alone than he does now. He’s never missed home so much before.
“DOWN WITH THESE SCUM. LET US FIGHT CAPTAIN!”
“Provided we find him.” Natasha added bluntly, giving him a knowing look. Steve glared straight back at her.
“Tony? What’re you doing? Come back to bed.” Steve grumbled blearily, blinking slowly from his sprawled out position.
“Nothings changed for you work-wise Tony.” Captain Rogers says easily, watching him with concern. “You still run the company. You still live in the tower.”
"No. Tony, no." Because it wasn't Tony's fault. It wasn't Iron man's fault either.
With wide eyes, he reached into the dust and picked up the small piece of metal. It was tiny and shaped like a triangle, and only the size of his palm, but sharp and broken on one edge.
“Shhhh...you’re okay...you’re al-alright...”
“Thank you for being so understanding.” Fury spoke in a deadpan voice and pulled out a folder. “What can I do for you?”
“That’s true. I’m guessing that’s because they can’t really defend themselves from creatures like us.”
As promised, the plans for the gala were confirmed and everything was organised. Tony had Happy collect his suit while he finished up a meeting with the shareholders and gratefully accepted it as he got out of the car in front of the tower and took it in.
“Turn this way Mr. Stark.”
Robinson glared daggers at Steve and while he clutched his nose with one hand, he snapped his fingers with the other.
Dr. Strange, Reed and T’Challa are here. There’s a distinct absence of the others that Steve feels.
“Don’t worry about me.” Steve cut in, eyes now fixed on Tony. “I need him okay, you understand? That’s an order.”
Steve squinted his eyes and poked at his chest curiously. “But I’ve not got any hair here. I mean, I have some down there obviously but it’s blond and-“
Tony felt his eyes grow wide. “Well that’s not what I expected.
Steve looked like he was gonna be sick. His fingers were digging into the metal of his gauntlet and his eyes were begging as he stared into Tony’s helmet.
“Tony.” Carol says and Tony squeezes his eyes shut because he knows what she’s gonna ask and it’ll sting but he hates that she has to. After all, he came close during the issue with the SHRA and if Carol has spoken to Sue then...
It's a different life. One Steve will never have again.
Tony turned his head and looked up to the window. The pale light was starting to brighten into a soft gold. It was beautiful.
“You found them huh?” Tony asked as his smile grew.
It’s just reaching month eight and Tony’s waddling like a duck. He’s fed up and ready to have this baby and get this over with.
“Oh, but of course Stark.” Pierce said, and something softened in his gaze. “Or maybe I should say Tony. I thought about our conversation earlier.”
“The pleasure is mine.” Tiberius said in a firm tone that sounded like they were being warned.
“I should. Maybe you should stay here with me from now on.” Steve sighed dreamily but then his gaze sharpened and he frowned. “Actually, that’s not a bad idea.”
“Are we dealing with something bigger? The infection, has it-“
Famous last words, Tony recalled someone saying to him once, and felt a shiver run down his spine.
“Zeke, calm down. He’s nervous, it’s understandable.” Norman gestured at Tony’s hollow gaze. “Look at him. How was he to know he’d be bonding with another?”
“I do care.” Steve insisted, suddenly desperate as he sunk to his knees again and rubbed at his forearms gently. “I tried to call you. So many times, didn’t you get them?”
With a sigh, he lies his head against the wall and looks up, the sun is setting and the day is blending into the night. Its always worse at night.
“Sorry darling. That was a good night but I gotta dash.” Tony said sharply, yanking his plain black clothes and tugging them on.
it. It was like Tony was behaving like a stereotypical omega. Essentially he was becoming a man who was trying to hide his personality in a desperate bid for safety.
“You.” Steve jerked his head at Whitney. “I remember that stench. I’ve been waiting for you again. Madame Masque. How's the Hydra faction doing?”
His armor had taken another hit and JARVIS was trying to warn him. Warmth was seeping onto his stomach.
“Suppressants and forged notes? Why Steve-“ Tony’s voice was shaky but when he looked up, his eyes were shining and his lips were curving up. His eyes narrowed a little as they grew wet. “-it’s-it’s almost like you care.”
“Hey Petey...” Steve chokes out and let’s the baby watch. “I bet you’re gonna be just as smart as Tony. Just as perfect and wonderful and-“
The million dollar question. What he was hoping Steve wouldn't ask.
“No! That little-“
“You’re welcome.” Steve murmured and placed a cup in front of him too. It was coffee made exactly the way he liked it. Tony could just die happy.
The dim light reflects off something in the distance. The photo frame is still on his table. The bottle is sitting next to it and so are the pills.
“God, please do not ever do that to me again.” Steve chokes out and Tony moans quietly a little and hears Steve’s breath catch.
Steve had tried to call him once a day. For some reason he hadn’t gotten any but...
Across the floor, Whitney’s eyes met his. Her gaze was scorching through the mask.
Ben didn’t do anything but watch with mild disgust. So much for getting an early leave.
Steve reached up with both hands for his hair. And then slowly, with his tongue sticking out ever so slightly, he began to fidget with Tony’s hair. Then-
The sight that met him was shocking. Zeke was sat on the bed, head buried in his hands while his shoulders shook. His favorite green robes were torn in various places and his hands were shaking every so slightly. The many sheets of paper Zeke had been using over the week were sprawled across the floor in a mockery of the carpet.
“I’ve found him, I’ve found Tony!” He wheezed, feeling his hands shake as he wafted the mist away. Slowly, the Ironman armor was revealed to him, completely sprawled one the ground, with parts of the chest and leg plates torn and areas covered in blood.
Tony held still as a statue. The children didn’t move. They kept silent and blinked with wide, teary eyes at Zeke. Zeke’s hand hadn’t moved an inch.
Their resident billionaire landlord. The man behind the strings. If Steve could, he’d keep him away from the team as much as possible.
“You’re half right. I get stronger the closer we get to a full moon. That’s when I’m at my peak so.” Steve squeezed his hand lightly and pulled him along gently.
"Hey." Steve chuckled wetly, burying his face in Tony's hair. "I think you made up for it either way. That's twice you've taken a hit for me. And that's not counting before."
“Mr. Stark, can you hear me? I said we need you to open the rest of the suit.”
Him and Tony hadn’t spoke since he’d come back. Not a word. This past week had been suffocating because of that. He’d felt like he was back in the ice.
“It’s okay.” Steve says quietly above him and when Tony meets his eye, Steve gives him a look of pity and resignation. “It was good while it lasted Shellhead. We had something good.”
“Thought so too.” Steve said, patting the bed softly. Then he stopped and lifted his eyes up, and he bit his lips nervously.
must have one hell of a soulmate. Someone real special.
It’s still impossible to believe.
“They’re becoming more and more public by the day. Norman seems to think they’re becoming less shy. Maybe we should take the fight to them.” Zeke muttered to himself, grinding the newspaper remnants under his leather boot.
The conversation wouldn’t get better this way. Tony was eager to change it and
“C’mon sweetheart.” The guy purred but there was an ugly gleam in his eye. “Be good and get in the truck.”
He waited for Tony to take a few sips, watching him close his eyes and swallow, like a man who’d been starved for weeks.
ony thinks tiredly, feeling his eyes drift from the name imprinted on his wrists to the blond of Steve's hair.
Things go from bad to worse...
The one that had spoken for the group responded. He was a tall dark haired man with a slim build and a smug look. He didn’t seem like the type to show off, but he did seem overly cocky.
When he stood back up, his vision was doubling. His hands were badly shaking.
Tony had felt the stares. But for once, he was glad. Having attention on him because he was a traitor was one thing. Having it because he was deemed important to Steve, well-
Tony watched the man he had known for decades struggle to pull himself together. It was...humbling to say the least.
“It’s true. The tabloids, the media, even your colleagues. They all say you’re very loud, and pretty brash.” Steve raised a brow at that and Tony knew that was a blow from his earlier comment. “But no one ever said you were under-confident.”
Wish fulfilled.
“Isn’t that illegal?”
“Well you don’t need to worry.” Ben sneered and swept his hand out in front of them. “You’re in the back bunk right there at the far end where no one will disturb you.”
Her hands were shaking and she made strange wheezing noises, clutching at her mouth.
The blood made his taste buds soar. It was so different and Tony wanted to scream and shout and cry because Steve had
Tony didn’t say anything to that but he knew, he
“No, you’re not listening.” Tony jerked his head up adamantly, feeling something snap. “I don’t have a mate. I don’t even have a mark.”
The door slammed shut before he got a chance.
“Tony would’ve said you were better.” Reed adds and Steve frowns at the wording.
“To put it simply, I want you Mr. Stark. Your mind and ability. I don’t need your company but I know it’s on it’s last legs. You’ll need a job soon and seeing as you’re not an Avenger anymore-“
So Steve had grown desperate. And desperation could lead to dangerous things.
“Yep.” Tony breathed, glancing at everything other than his soon to be divorced husband. The lack of decor only made it harder to fake interest, but still, Tony had always been a good actor. A great one, in fact.
“I haven’t been clear enough with you either.” Steve said quietly and all of a sudden, moved his right hand closer until-
Realization dawns in the Avengers team and Carol tries to say something. She only manages to open and close her mouth. It’s a poor display so Steve takes over.
Right now, it’s a blank space. Nothingness that feels so full. There’s history here but it’s apt.
“There was something in my hair!?”
Tony wasn’t thinking straight. But this was good-so much better than seeing him so small and submissive. He was Ironman and Ironman could get angry. The Tony Stark he knew,
"Anything." And Tony meant it. His hand rubbed at his neck again. It was still sore but felt much better than before. Still, Tony had a feeling he wouldn't shake the habit any time soon.
do you understand!? And if you don’t well- “Steve pushed his chair back and began to stand. Tony gaped, having long forgotten about the sheets.
“It should work, provided the source is still alive.” Hank said, ignoring Steve’s flinch. “If there’s even a remnant, this should flush the system and kick-start it.”
-he’s lifting Ty off the ground by his collar and watching him squirm and dangle in the air.
He eyed the ice in the whiskey in his shaking hand. They rattled a little in the golden liquid.
. He can taste it on his tongue-
Together they walked towards the corner of the roof, hopping onto the ledge to sit down comfortably. Below was a bit busier than Tony’s block, with several people clubbing together around some mummies.
), and Clint had even loved the new arrows to top it off.
By this point, Tony’s stress levels were skyrocketing. The absolute last thing he wanted was to be around this vampire who apparently scared even Zeke. They had no power here, and for Tony that was trouble.
“Because I don’t remember.” Tony grit out. “It’s not my fault.”
“Are you crazy!?”
Tony shrugged and looked away. Where was the nearest exit?
“You aren’t special anymore Stark. Welcome to your new home. Time to wake up.” He called out and left, leaving Tony on his own in the huge room with nothing but the beds and the window.
Tony was a little surprised when Steve gave her a wary look and nodded.
“Good.” He purred, loosening his hand a little. “Whitney will escort you to my room later. We’ll discuss your punishment there, pet.”
“He has a name." Carol admits, like she doesn't know how much it hurts to hear that Tony belongs to someone else. "But Steve, it’s-“
Tony finished his banana and chucked the peel in the bin across the room. He missed completely but Steve picked it up and dropped it in for him without hesitation, now convinced Tony was doing his own calculations and coming to a solid conclusion.
Today Steve is sat by his desk, pondering over documents upon documents. It gives him a headache.
“Hey, easy, easy.” Steve said firmly because Tony was always prone to being reckless and that hadn’t changed.
"Steve. Don't stop, please."
” Steve demands, looking ice-white as he shakes him gently, and when Tony looks at him,
Those lips curved up into a smile and when Tony's eyes flicked upwards, he saw Steve's eyes beaming with pride.
Taking a deep breath, he took the pillow away and sat up, blinking hazily towards the light coming from the window. Then he got up and began to gather his uniform from his locker and one of the towels he’d somehow remembered to bring. There was a laundry area he’d spotted somewhere that he needed to get used to using, and plenty of other things he’d need to sort out, but at least there were facilities. Tony was immensely grateful for the cafeteria that Fury had clearly blessed them with.
The crowd cleared for them with a few salutes in Steve’s direction but he didn’t even glance their way. Tony let Steve push him towards the half-full table and pull out a chair, feeling like he was he was on autopilot. Still, he managed to refocus.
Stern and Pierce were staring back at them. Behind them was Stern’s personal group of crows but they were busy chattering away. It was the look on Stern’s face that made Tony start to sweat.
“Sorry, what’s not fair to me?”
Glass.
The bottom of his stomach felt like it dropped. He felt mortified, like he'd just told an insensitive joke to the wrong crowd. How could he have just-
Ben was on the floor clutching at his cheek and whimpering. Steve was standing between them, looking seconds away from murdering someone.
“Why?” Iron man sounded strangled and Steve’s heart sank. Maybe he’d made a mistake bringing it up. Maybe he was hurting Iron man and destroying their relationship.
And all of a sudden, Tony remembered a shield and red gauntlets. And a bright smile that looked exactly like Steve's.
"Yeah. Lunch." Tony replied tiredly and raised a brow. "I've done everything Ty gave me for the morning so I'm just heading out for an early lunch."
Smoothing the covers one last time, Steve turned and tilted his head to try and catch Tony’s eye. The omega barely registered and Steve started to feel his heart speed up when he realized Tony’s eyes were glazed.
“What is Cap?” He finally spoke, ever so softly with eyes that were unseeing. The blood was starting to roar in his ears.
Well there was no point dwelling he figured. What was the point? He had a job to do and really, even that was on a timer.
"Nothing." Steve's smile grew. "I thought so. Just wanted to hear you say it again."
Love. Tony loved this. He loved being here. He loved everything.
Tony thought, realizing he couldn’t just stand here and let Steve deal with it all, even if he wasn’t struggling at all. This was about him and how he’d feel knowing he never fought back against this life when he had the chance.
But he didn’t have one. His soul had been conquered long ago.
“So how does this have anything to do with me?”
Maybe that was a bit of an exaggeration since this was only their second date but he expected a response for his effort. He just didn’t expect the one he got.
He frowns at Reed and tilts his head. “I don’t give a shit about Stark. And it doesn’t matter anyway.”
Steve insisted he spend at least a few days in the medbay. Now that they had opened up to the possibility of being closer again, Tony found Steve being around him constantly. Not in a bad way, but more in a 'You're not leaving my sight until you're okay', kind of way.
Yeah as if.
“We had no chance of that. Going back to how we were, I mean.” Tony explained quietly and Steve knew what he meant.
“Was anyone with you? How long were you unconscious for?”
"You don't have your armor?" Steve said in a dangerously calm voice. Like the calm before the storm-just like when he was about to tell the Avengers to strike.
“I do.” Tony said calmly, keeping his eyes fixed past Zeke’s waist. The boys started to whimper behind him.
“Okay, okay. I get it. But, c’mon. This first.”
Norman bowed. “Of course.”
There has to be a solution. Something to-
“Of course Captain.”
“That’s him alright! See what I mean?” She said, equally quiet, but her eyes gleamed under the mask.
The room fell silent except for Ben's heavy breathing. No one dared move.
“Stark? Are you alright?” A hand gripped his shoulder and shook him lightly, pulling him out of his shock. Swiftly, he closed his mouth and turned back. Pierce stared at him in concern and well...
All his expressions were so well hidden. Damn him.
“If you say distract-“
Tony’s mouth opened and closed. Numb with shock, he lifted his hand up and covered his mouth in horror.
This is much worse. He’s completely alone.
“Why don’t you go first?” Tony suggested, spinning on his feet to meet Maria’s unimpressed gaze. “He likes you more after all.”
“You did more than enough. You gave me a home, remember? You gave me a home Tony and I love you.” Steve said, just as shakily, and Tony wondered if they’d stumbled on a live wire.
“Why?” Tony asked, following his gaze. A half crescent. Sharp but nonthreatening. Not whole.
“Gotcha!” Steve beamed and pulled back his hands, keeping them cupped carefully and Tony just gawked at his hands like there was a bomb inside.
because he might have to tell Tony’s soulmate one day and how can he do it when he feels so much for Tony too, no matter how unaware he is-
“You’re lucky Steve.” Tony finally settled on, watching the frown appear on Steve’s face. “Not everyone is meant to have a mate. I know I...”
“You...really?” Tony tried, but he couldn’t be as suave as usual. The realization was starting to cement itself.
“And now I have.” Tony blew out, folding his arms to smile at Steve tightly.
“It’s not like that. He didn’t ask for anything unreasonable. He even wanted to...” Stark shook his head and bit his lip, eyeing the whiskey carefully. “I’m just such a screw up and he knows it.”
“You assume a lot. You know that?” Steve’s lips murmured and Tony fought the urge not to shiver.
The words run through Tony like a lightning strike. For a moment, just a fraction of a moment, Tony’s mind soars with hope. It's a funny thing about the human mind. Sometimes the right moment, the right person, the right time and some carefully chosen words are enough.
“Are you vigilantes?” Tony snorted at the word. That would make it a lot harder to take Steve seriously. He really didn’t seem like the type.
Ironman was gone, but he was still Tony Stark.
His back was throbbing twice as much as it had hours before. That may have had something to do with the hunched position he was maintaining against the corner of the stone room but it could hardly be helped. There was nothing inside except for a small opening; a window with bars that showed the outside. It was too tall for Tony to reach but he thought he could see the soft hue of the rising sun starting to appear through it. It painted a streak of faint white light across the room, highlighting the dust particles swirling in the air. What he wouldn’t give to be one of those particles.
”Urghhh...” Tony heard and realized it had come from him.
His body is limp in Steve’s arms. His lips are parted like he had something to say but never got to finish.
At that, Tony smiled broadly and reached across the table to take Jeremy’s hand, enjoying the way Jeremy went bright red.
Hearing the tone, Robinson waved the issue away and smiled. “Of course. I’m not here to discuss the employees per say. Just a new business model.”
Steve didn’t move an inch. He simply blinked and nodded, almost bumping his nose against Tony’s.
It had been a few days on the Helicarrier now, almost a full week. And things had just gotten worse.
“I’m sorry, did you just say ‘
After a brief silence, she spoke. “We’ve been waiting for you.”
Still, today was a hopeful day. Maybe this blue ship, with stars and stripes would have someone. Maybe a kind humanoid he could talk to, who would interact with him and maybe want to learn about him.
Who was he trying to keep himself clean for anymore? No one saw him and no cared. Not even Steve anymore.
It was still Steve's room, and while he usually had no issues gate-crashing someone's space, being in Steve's bedroom, alone at night with everything he felt for him-
“We should have had better luck tonight. But those menaces appeared once more. Those...
Steve would’ve probably hugged him. He doubted he would’ve been able to resist.
”Why?” Tony asked quietly, trying to understand desperately why Steve would-
Tony’s eyes widened at the words and he lifted his free hand up quickly. “It’s not him, don’t blame him, it really isn’t-“
“What do you think Steve? You think I’m a bad person?” Tony’s nails started to dig into his palms hard enough to draw blood. The irony.
He spent the week preparing for the move. It was shocking to believe he would just up and leave to go live on the Helicarrier but that was the way the cookie crumbled. It made little sense but Tony was sure it was the right option.
On turning, he was greeted with the sight of Steve’s friend Gabe. The initially grumpy and complacent old man seemed to be eyeing him with a deeply concerned gaze, and something seemed to be eating at him.
“Anthony. Why do you have the mark of another on your neck?” Zeke asked quietly, his eyes a bright red like first drops of blood from a victim.
In the time Tony had to think about things between the previous excursion and the one he’d just started, he realized several things.
The creature had burned under the light. All that had been left was dust. He knew because he had left his haven at the next sun, and had gone to the space in the sand to investigate.
Zeke let out a screech. “How
After all they've been through, Tony has no doubts. Steve is his alpha.
“We think it’s Steve but not confirmed.” Nat said firmly and Tony blinked at that.
“Tony...”
“Shut up, Jeremy.” Tony snapped and went toe to toe with Steve. “This is my restaurant. Now you need to leave, before I make you.”
“Couldn’t sleep.”
. He wasn't sure he could feel any worse.
“What don’t I know?”
Mute, he shakes his head feeling a shadow of anger. He’d never. Not
They weren’t as rough as before. He didn’t have as prominent callouses anymore. The skin had turned softer and more pliant. His wrists looked thinner and his skin seemed paper-thin and ice-white. His eyes watered again and he let them fall to his sides.
“Well Mr. Stark! What a pleasure to see you again!” A voice cut in, and both Tony and Steve raised their fists and turned to look back at the robot.
“No my lord. I live to serve.” Tony said, but it came out monotone. His face fell to the same blank expression he always kept these days. The face of a soul-less man. What was the need to feel anymore? He was a pet and nothing more.
Hands encircled his body and pulled him close. Somehow his head was tucked against Steve’s chest and he could feel the searing heat of Steve’s body against his. And above, he felt-he-
“Cap?”
While Steve was in a meeting with the department investigating the robots, Tony decided to test his luck and head back to the research team quarters. His stuff was still in the locker in that corner of the sleeping area and he couldn’t keep borrowing Steve’s clothes.
“You say that like you’ve done a lot Mr. Stark. But if that was the case you’d still be director.”
“What’re you-“ But then Tony stopped and stared. There was a huge mark that was almost identical to Steve’s shield on Steve’s chest, just a few inches smaller than the actual shield. But at the center of the shield was a small neon blue circle with small lines coming out. It almost glowed against the colors of the shield and sat dead and center, replacing the usual place of the star and that’s when Tony understood.
“Think you could spare any change for an old hero?”
“Carol.” His hands shook. “Everyone, get over here.”
at him to head back to his corner of the sleeping quarters and dive under the covers).
Pierce pulled him to the side of the bar and nodded slightly. Clearly glad for the space, he let go and turned to face Tony fully. Something loosened from his shoulders and his smile dropped into something smaller.
They stayed like that for a while, curled around each other for comfort. Like they were holding each other through a storm of their own making. Staying close, not able to let go for fear of losing each other forever.
“Tony-“
“I can’t.” Tony said coldly, and just like that, Steve knew they weren’t going to get anywhere. Not like this. “I wish you saw it my way. I’m trying to do the right thing here.”
Steve nodded, watching the ball in Tony’s hand. “That’s one way. The other is to feel threatened. Either our property needs to be affected or our pack.”
The man smells like Steve. He feels like Steve and sounds like Steve and holds him in a way that Steve does. Or used to. But it still doesn’t make any sense unless...
Slowly Tony eases out his card and holds it out. The stranger hasn’t moved and for the first time, he’s still there. Tony is yet to blink. His eyes are burning.
But who would he call? Rhodey who was out of town? Pepper who was busy running a company and on a business trip?
“Hey sweetheart.” Tony heard someone say and suddenly a fourth person joined their little gang. And when Tony saw who he was, he started to smirk.
They were Avengers. Trained superheroes with a reputation of taking down the bad guys. And not just any bad guys-even aliens.
The Hulk roared, prompting the Beyonder to let go and this time Steve leapt towards Tony, pushing past the sand to grab Tony by both arms, locking him in his grip. Tony gasped and fell back with the momentum and Steve managed to shove them both through the portal, curling a hand around Tony’s head to soften the blow. They both fell to the hard floor of Avengers tower and Steve all but collapsed on Tony’s prone form.
The strangest thing of all was how Grant could understand him. The words weren’t foreign so they must’ve matched the language in his mind. This man acted like he knew him, but Grant didn’t recognize him at all. Was he an ally or something worse?
“Why?” Tony asks quietly and blinks when Ty does something very brave and presses his palm to Tony’s cheek.
“Tony
“You suggested that before.” Steve murmurs, and Tony thinks he sounds pleased. “Peter it is. I like it.”
With cautious steps, Tony made his way to the line behind Steve, eyeing him as he walked past. Steve didn’t say a word but he did raise a brow. Tony scowled but joined the line.
With a serene smile Zeke reached out and wiped his thumb against Tony’s lips. Unbothered, he brought it to his own mouth and sucked.
Zeke merely patted his cheek and smiled. “Be good for them pet. You’ll be bonded in a few weeks time.”
Tony sat up. “What do you mean?”
He knew he couldn’t say exactly. That would be problematic. But if Steve had already sussed it out anyway...
"Leave it Carol. Don't bother." He said and suddenly pushed onto his feet and straightened himself up, schooling his expression.
“Yeah Shellhead, let’s go.”
looked more prominent.
“So no Tony then?” Tony sneered, feeling somehow more irritated by that than the fact that Steve was probably about to boss him around. One of those he was used to but the other ticked him right off.
When Tony next opened his eyes, Steve was ready. He’d passed out sometime in the early hours of the morning, leaving Steve to his thoughts. He hadn’t moved an inch, playing sentry to the omega in this dark bedroom where even the shadows made Tony twitch.
Tony wants to scream. Tony wants to deny it. He wants to say no. But he is weak and his body and mind are being assaulted by his hormones that threaten to bring him to tears.
sorry. God, I can't lose you,
“I owe you an apology. I’m sorry Tony.” Steve said and his smile slipped a little. “I haven’t been fair to you. I haven’t treated you right this evening. I need to make it up to you.”
His lips felt dry and his mind spun. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
“Well, I happen to be able to offer you a fair share myself. You see, while you’ve managed to obtain the main bulk of it, I happen to have a meager portion. A small thirty percent.”
Tony blinked at the space and tried to close his mouth. He struggled to form words.
Tony continued to scream and cry and swear until finally he began to calm down. His breathing started to slow and his body started to deflate. Finally, he lifted his head up and stared tiredly at Steve, eyes bright red and face full of misery. His eyes burned with a quiet fire.
Rogers is shaking his head and he stepping back to take a shuddery breath and Tony wants to tell him to hold onto him again.
Just as Steve was about to say more, the com came to life in his ear again, and to his horror, Carol and Thor began to congratulate them.
“I’m just saying Tony, you’re not kind enough to yourself. And that’s hit you before. I’m just worried, I don’t want you to...spiral.” Pepper sounded close to tears and when Tony turned around, he felt his gut twist.
-" Tony repeated this time, began to blush, his cheeks starting to go deep red, and he was so close he could
“That’s right! Ty is one of my oldest and dearest friends so please treat him well. Do you utmost to make him happy, yes?” Zeke chirped and spun on his heel.
" Steve says darkly, like he's angry beyond reason and despite knowing he deserves anything Steve wants to do to him, Tony still flinches when Steve comes right up to him.
Tony was yanked out of his thoughts when Steve blew out a breath and spoke. “Are you seeing anyone?”
“Yeah.” Tony admits and looks onto the road. “That’s fair.”
“Oh, no-“
“S-Steve...” Tony heard himself whisper and shakily reached up to try and staunch the bleeding somehow. It was almost impossible under the suit and his hands kept slipping uselessly. There was only one option.
“When did you realize you loved me?” Tony asks hopefully because he wants to know and when Steve had told him, he’d felt so happy after-
The being was tall and broad, well-built muscles shifting as he folded his arms and gestured to the squirming ghouls being loaded into a car. His bright blond hair rustled in the wind but his gaze looked firm and his body held still.
Tony bristled at that. “The company is more than just my name. It’s the effort of hundreds of employees and countless innovations-“
He knew Steve wanted to know what he was thinking but thankfully he didn’t ask. He just frowned and kept watching him as if he was some mysterious parcel he didn’t know he had.
in him.
He’ll leave his card and that will be enough. They’ll never need to go looking for him again.
Slowly, Tony shook his head.
“Well sure.” He caught Clint shrugging from the corner of his eye. “I mean it’s surprising to see you two doing something like that in public but you did just come out of a fight. Whatever you two do is between you both anyway. It’s cute.”
“Tony?” He hears Roger’s say and hears him come closer to the bathroom. “Are you okay?”
“Wow...” Tony whispered and reached up to touch the center of the mark just on the center of Steve’s chest. It was so big and-
Really unsure about what to think, Tony nodded, searching the wall behind Steve. Why was it so important that he dress the way Steve said? What kind of event was this?
“Reputation huh?” Steve said quietly, his eyes darting back and forth doing that calculation of his.
“Nothing? Are you sure?”
“Are you?” Steve said, almost begging, with his stance for Tony to reconsider.
“I’m not sure. I think I like variety. A nice guy or girl who wouldn’t mind a guy who needs blood to survive.” Tony shrugged and looked down at the lively group below them. “I once slept with a demon. It was fun.”
“Steve!”
“A paternity test, doctor. Nice and simple.” Ty interrupts before he can say anything and instantly beams and claps his hands. “Once we have the paternity test results we’ll know for sure-“
She shook her head and sighed. “I’ve worked with Steve for a while now. I think we’re getting close. We even went on a semi-date a few weeks ago. But he’s just been really busy all of a sudden and I just wondered if you think it’s worth me even ask-forget it. Forget I said anything-“
Tony shook his head in wonder. “What are you talking about?”
“You weren’t?”
-said with a broad grin, eyes gleaming with excitement. He stepped forward and stuck out his hand.
Pleased with his own effort, Tony dropped down and sat on the hard ledge, swinging his feet in the air casually. The night was cool but thankfully the armor protected him. He wondered if he could jump from this building to that lamp-post on the opposite side of the street-
The man-
“I know. It’s amazing.” And the awe in Steve’s voice makes Tony genuinely believe it is. It feels like a miracle, and that’s coming from him.
There was no escape, he knew that. It would be better to just be honest and explain. Surely Zeke would forgive him? He knew what he was like?
“Of course there would be certain stipulations. For instance, I’d have to restrict your access to some of my designs and of course, your designs would have to be signed over and your suit would need to be-“
Historically all vampires listened to one leader. The father of the faction would decide everything, from rations to marriage within the faction. And of course, the selection and elimination of his members. Rules were always laid down with the expectation that they would be followed.
“I’m sorry.” Steve says quietly, though it isn’t acknowledged. “I’m sorry that I...it’s come to this. It’s still not an option and we won’t be using it but...”
“I don’t know where you got the notion that I don’t want to deal with you.” Fury said with a huff. “And Rogers is an idiot. He doesn’t know what to say to you because he’s nervous.”
Tony felt his stomach twist at that. It was like one blow after another. First Pierce, then Sharon, and now Stern!? It was mortifying.
Taking a deep breath, he scanned the streets of Manhattan and didn’t let the few camera shots and fan glances deter him. This evening would be fine, at least on the social front. He could handle the politicians fine, and at least Fury would be there if things went south. Taking a deep breath, Tony reached for the door handle and made to pull.
“Well.” He continues, keeping his voice level. There’s no point in confrontation, not now. They have too much to do and no time.
He knew what Steve was gonna say. And he completely understood it too.
Taking a minute to get his breath back, Tony opened his eyes and saw Steve checking him over carefully. Luckily Steve looked relieved.
Tony didn’t let him. He carried on to the labs and tried not to walk into any other agents, just in case.
Bucky snarls and launches himself at him, shoving his arms across his throat and slamming him so hard into the wall, his vision goes black. The desk rattles and pens and sheets scatter. Among them is the letter that Steve wrote-
“You don’t?” Steve’s face was carefully blank, even as the tears fell. “Do you not understand?”
choose him?”
but never hurt her. He’d treat her just right and never let anyone say anything about her after. And she’d deserve that. That love.
Then one day something did happen. They’d been out fighting AIM agents when things went south. Tony had made a critical mistake. He’d taken out a few agents and in a moment of distraction, had dropped onto the ground and had turned to look for Steve, leaving himself wide open at the back.
He’s eight months pregnant. The thought of Steve leaving terrifies him at this point.
like that to him before.
It was a bad idea. He knew he was asking for trouble but what other choice did he have?
“I’m sure I’ll be fine. Seeing as I’ve done it once before.”
“And between you and me...” He added and pulled back slightly, smiling tiredly, and closed his eyes like there was some joke there that he couldn’t help but laugh at.
“Let me see.” Tony said excitedly, feeling his heart start to race and Steve handed him the phone with a clear picture. When Tony saw it, he nearly gaped.
And that was that.
The relief that crashed over him was enough to make him want to fall back into sleep but there was one thing he had to check on before he did. Thankfully he discovered he didn’t have to go far.
“Good. Now go. I will release you when I return.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” Ben backed off, pausing to fiddle with his glasses but Tony didn’t buy it for a second, especially when he saw how much Ben was smiling. “Didn’t mean to offend.”
At that, Peter just snickered. “Yeah he always prefers Steve at home too. I just like it here too for some reason. Suits him.”
“It’s not an enjoyable job but it’s necessary.” Steve laughed bitterly, shrugging his shoulders and giving Tony a wan smile. “If you remembered, I think you’d agree with me.”
It goes like this.
That meant Fury hadn’t wanted him on the team. Fury hadn’t
“You-you’ll do better. Find someone better. Just...you’ll be okay.” Tony whispers in the cold, lonely place (his final resting place) and his body isn’t shaking as much anymore. He’s still cold but it hurts less. His lungs hurt less.
“C’mon. Let’s get you home.” Steve whispered and linked a hand around Tony’s waist to guide him back. It wouldn't be easy, he knew. This wasn't some magical fix. But it was a start.
“I hope you meet someone who makes you really happy one day.”
“A rush isn’t it? Admit it, you love it. Especially when they take their last breath.” She sighed wistfully and Tony felt his eye twitch. Still, he kept smiling like a good little vampire.
For a moment he just glares at her. Then he sighs and lies his head back against the pillow, staring at the ceiling with little hope.
Tony is left to consider what he should do next. Then someone puts things into perspective and things get better.
“We should split up. Carol’s gone forward, so you go right and I go left. The trackers are still working fine and the others can hear us. We’ll regroup in thirty and call if we find something before, agreed?” Steve asked, fiddling with the watch on his wrist. It displayed the atmosphere details, oxygen levels, and distance from the quinjet.
Steve didn’t say a word but slipped his arm through Tony’s carefully. Then, with Tony’s arm linked to his, he gently pulled him forward, much like the couple in front. Tony couldn’t help but stare up at him in surprise. It was only thanks to his years of practice that his mouth didn’t fall open and he kept walking straight.
“I’m ready.” He croaks and sniffs to hide the tears he didn’t know he had. One falls on Tony’s cheek and Steve hates that he now knows where those tears came from.
Steve’s lips twitched. “What I need. So. Your appointment. Three o’clock okay?”
It’s obvious who that is.
Well Tony had never claimed to be the silent type.
Pleased, Steve watched Tony finish the smoothie and start on the soup. Full of vegetables and chicken, Steve hoped it would be good for Tony. And he seemed to be enjoying it.
Tony didn’t know what to say. He was so surprised by her words that he barely felt his feet touch the ground when he reached the warehouse.
He lifts his head up and turns to Ty first. He steels his gaze.
When they hugged, Tony wondered if maybe this was a mistake after all. After all, he hadn’t expected his shirt to be that damp after.
“You know, I think we have more in common than we both thought.” Steve said with a growing smile like he knew what Tony was thinking and before Tony even realized, he was doing the exact same. Like they were reading each other’s mind.
“STEVE!” He screamed and Steve turned and his eyes widened with horror.
“I need to get back. Something’s come up.” Tony repeated, carefully ensuring his eyes stayed on the glass. He didn’t want to face Fury’s frown or Maria’s concern.
“You can’t be serious.”
It doesn’t make it any easier.
“He was in the middle of a meeting. In case you were wondering.” Maria tossed over her shoulder and Tony let out a sigh of relief before he could stop himself.
Steve didn’t push him away. He did however watch over him. “You’re okay. C’mon. You really think I’d let you go through that again. That’s-that’s crazy.”
As he landed, he caught a few of the nearby agents watching him. Ben was one of them.
He’s done, he knows that much.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/27825097/chapters/68121088
He’d made it. He’d
“Well thanks. I guess I’ll just head out.” Tony finally settled on, though he was sure it came out as more of a question. Thankfully the woman nodded and so he turned and darted past Steve, only turning to do a quick check and, yep, Steve was following him.
“We have a lot to talk about. Starting with what you actually do remember. Let’s do that at some point.”
Tony steeled himself and sat down on the other side of the table just opposite of Mr. Robinson.
Steve knew Iron man. He really did. Or at least...he
Steve whipped around and glared at Tony with enough force to make him step back. Tony let go of Steve like he’d been burned. Steve was livid.
Steve nodded and leaned back, arms folded. “Yeah. I did. It was fine, just very draining. How was yours?”
His hands shook badly so he scrunched them in the blanket.
Tony’s eyes popped. Steve raised an eye brow and his gaze turned heated.
“No.” Steve said firmly and squeezed Tony tighter. “It’s not okay.”
“He doesn’t.” Steve said bluntly, before Tony could even respond to that. “He doesn’t need to. He’s Iron man. That’s good enough.”
Tony sighed and continued to eat in silence. He shouldn’t be sat here enjoying this. The shoes were for someone else to fill and it wasn’t him.
“I’ve been played!” Tony gasped in disgust and glared at Fury. “You can’t force me to-“
Check out the GORGEOUS ART that Lu made for this scene-Be sure to tell Lu what you think (I guarantee you will love it!!!)
“We’re here.”
But it wasn’t his place. It never had been.
“Hmmm.” Zeke folded his arms and leaned back against his chair, clearly searching Tony for something.
Sighing Steve got up and took the bag with him, feeling the plastic crinkle softly. He might as well cook something for Tony. High protein and carbs since he was very low on energy earlier and he’d lost what little he had eaten from before his heat. Steve didn’t want Tony feeling lightheaded.
His lungs hurt. He’d been walking for some time now. At least one sun’s turn.
Steve didn’t exactly smile, but his jaw did relax a bit. “You seem...tense. Everything okay?”
“Hey! Glad to see the crews all here! How is everyone?” Tony grinned and waved loosely, waiting patiently for what would hopefully be a good response. He was putting his best foot forward after all.
shock. And badly. You know that’s not possible without-“
“I’m his soulmate.” Steve whispers in horror and finally it makes sense.
Suddenly Tony felt his own body shudder. His own cock twitched with excitement.
Tony honestly felt blessed to have a front row seat. He resisted the urge to howl with laughter when Whitney lowered her hands.
“I’m not sure pet. These are unusual times. But at least you and Whitney will have some time to get along better. She has been desperate for it, I know.” Zeke sighed, ignorant of the way Tony’s heart sped up. If it was possible, he was sure he would’ve gone paler.
“He wouldn’t...why would he...” The words weren’t forming fast enough. It was too much for him to even verbalise.
Rage flooded his body. The sheer cockiness of this man was infuriating.
He began to read the specifics and much like everyone else, didn’t find anything that could point to a missed lead. Everything tied up. They’d taken the pieces of these robots and followed digital trails to find the source of manufacture and all routes pointed to this warehouse and recent reports still confirmed that several men and women had been entering and leaving the building. Following the timings, Tony could see that several of these workers should have been in the warehouse at this time and on this day.
“It’s for you sir.” The young air-hostess behind him said. “The Commander has requested you put it on before arrival. There are several sizes in the back but he said to start with this.”
“Yes, sir.” Tony didn’t know why he added the title but it felt right. His father raised him on stories about Dugan and these men. Tony couldn’t really forget that. It was like talking to a living legend.
“My soulmate. It’s you.” Steve repeated confidently like he wasn’t threatening Tony’s body with a heart attack. He couldn’t be serious...
Steve didn’t waste a second further. With superhuman speed, he sprinted past Tony and got to Robinson within seconds.
“I’m ordering you a full physical. I want you to see the med team for a full check-up, okay?”
“How is he? Is he okay?” Steve asks softly, brushing through Tony’s hair gently, and feeling sleepy, Tony smiles at the baby happily and relaxes into the alpha’s arms. It’s a wonderful feeling knowing Steve wants to make sure Petey is-
Steve was alive. Steve would move on.
But this scent wasn’t doing that. On the contrary, now that Tony had managed to land and grab the man by his shoulders, he was certain there was a hint of vanilla in there. And maybe...pine?
“Don’t bother Stark, we know your situation. You’d best come in so that we can debrief you.”
He raised a brow and let his hand fall to his side. “What’s wrong?”
“You want to be pack?” Steve rumbled and pushed Tony back enough to look at him seriously. “You want to be mine?”
“So I was thinking...” Steve’s voice seemed to halt completely and for a second, Tony wondered if the phone had cut off. But then he continued.
“Hop on.” He repeated and this time, Tony didn’t hesitate. He quickly jumped on and instantly grabbed Steve’s waist when they went shooting down the tarmac.
“Well...” Sharon seemed to toss an idea in her head. She chewed her lip and crossed her legs too.
Bowing low, Tony stepped forward and knelt in front of their leader, not wasting even a second since he knew how precious that time was. He would not risk a beating over something as meaningless as pride.
Then Steve threw another surprise. “Janice is my neighbor. I live here.” He said calmly, looking folding his arms when Tony spluttered in surprise.
The human would be fine. And the claim was laid. He’d almost done enough for tonight.
He's everything people don't want him to be. A disappointment, a distraction, an empty space that was never filled. He is a ghost of himself and people know.
“Okay how exactly are you-“
Tony was nervous. Well, obviously he would be. It was just that...
When he looked up, he noticed Steve biting his lip.
Tony hadn’t known how but somehow he’d made his way down the corridors, against the sea of agents that continued to run past and found himself standing in front of the lift.
He’s alone.
In the end, it doesn’t matter. There’s a clear answer after all. Really, Tony didn’t even know why he’d been unsure in the first place.
He had Steve.
That was new. Tony had never heard of them.
Tony opened his eyes and sighed. There wasn’t much point in lying now, and nothing good would come out of this. He nodded mutely and fixed his gaze on the floor.
“Please. Consider it a favor to me. I want to hear what he has to say.”
“Right. Well...I’ve found them.” Steve took a deep breath and turned. To his surprise Tony was standing up and leaning against the island, with his arms folded and a small smile gracing his lips. His eyes danced with a warm glow and the scent in the air was so light and freeing. Underneath it was another scent that was bubbling in anticipation.
“I want to know that. I want to be closer to you. I want you to trust me. And you can, Shellhead, I’d never hurt you. I’d never tell anyone,
”You don’t have to ask. You can do things like that. If you want.”
“Ah, ah, ah, I don’t think so Captain-“ The Beyonder mocked, although he was clearly out of breath, but still, he reached out and grabbed Tony’s arm and Tony let out a cry of pain.
“It’s okay Tony. It’s just the bond.”
“Uhhh...what?” If Tony wasn’t careful, he would’ve dropped his tool. Luckily, he was more skilled than that. But that didn’t change the question.
“Steve.”
It took a moment for the information to sink in. Then Tony’s mouth fell open.
“Excuse me? Hello? Can you please open up? It’s freezing out here!” Tony pleaded but the guy just cracked open an eye, grunted and turned over in his seat.
“Yeah?” Tony smiled. They both knew Tony never skipped Avengers meetings. He didn’t even skip SI meetings anymore. Or at least not as much.
A loud groan cut him off. It was so loud Steve was sure everyone heard it through the coms.
“UGH WHAT IS THAT SMELL!?” She cried out, loud enough that everyone in the cavern came running.
Ty spends the evening talking about how he’d always wanted kids. And how Tony had always been the one he’d pictured having them with. He tells Tony about their first kiss, years later after MIT. Five months ago when Tony had finished a meeting with him and they’d hit it off right away and fallen in love shortly after. It sounds much like a rom-com more than anything.
His hands slide to the ground. His mouth feels slack.
“A pleasure.” They shook hands across the table, and feeling a sudden spark of enthusiasm, Tony began to pour out drinks for everyone. Duggan and Gabe nodded their thanks, giving him a pleased look while Fury clinked his glass against his.
It was
He loved Steve so much it hurt. Made him do insane things and take huge risks.
“No. Still searching.” He heard over some shuffling.
like old times.
“Only that you understand that what you’ve done is-“
Throughout the night he hears someone speaking to him in his dreams;
Steve laughs delightedly at that and soon enough he’s by Tony’s side again as the baby continues to curl his fists. It’s wonderful and Tony sighs against the pillows. They enjoy the silence for a few minutes until the obstetrician walks in.
His stomach growled loudly.
“Steve. You’ve had a long day. You were hit pretty bad-“
"Hey, no, it's fine-"
Reed pauses his pacing but doesn’t look at him. His eyes are carefully fixed on the wall.
Tony didn’t know what his face did then. But all he felt was shock, surprise, suspicion and gratitude. He didn’t know which one was right.
“No human wants to be a creature.” Tony agreed quietly, and that was all the confirmation Steve needed.
But he was close. The place turned out to be an empty gas station with some middle-aged man sleeping by the front desk in the shop.
Tony couldn’t handle it. His body shook from the sheer amount of contact. Tears leaked from his eyes as he clutched on with iron grip.
“But of course, darling.” Doing his best imitation of Zeke. “There’s something about that last drop that gives you a rush.”
And the Winter soldier had come to him. A perfect result.
Tony wasn't like that. For starters, people took one look at him and decided what they thought within seconds and it had always been this way. And he didn't blame them, not one bit. After all, Steve was a hero and he was...
“I’m-“ Steve broke off into staticky coughs and Tony watched in horror as Steve doubled over in front of him and started to vomit.
Hopeful, he kept going forward, wondering if maybe Ty wasn’t the right guy for him after all. Surely your boyfriend wasn’t supposed to just leave you on the side of some dirt road in the middle of nowhere just because you refused to show him your messages.
“Save it.” Steve said curtly and turned sharply on his heel, leaving Tony to stare at the tight muscles of his back. His shoulders were tense and Tony could see his hands clenched by his sides. Something heavy settled in his stomach at the sight. It was his fault.
“I meant the Avengers Tony.” Steve said tiredly and met his gaze with a pleading look. Tony just stared back at him with a mix of shock and irritation.
Norman hummed in agreement. “Yes. Someone’s got to do something about these Avengers of the Undead.”
"Nope."
“Ross.” Tony realised, lifting up his head to stare at Steve with wide eyes. “It was him.”
Before Rogers can say, Ty appears again, this time with the obstetrician in tow. She looks mildly exhausted and Tony almost winces in sympathy. It can’t be easy for her either. No one would want to be caught in the middle of this.
“Stark-“
“They’re all useless. Your job is to keep Steve company. That’s all. You do that and it’s a job well-done. You do that and I’ll let you off the next meeting.”
“No can do Captain.” Tony says in the same tone and it almost baffles Steve how he can be so blaze about something so important. “I’d prefer to keep it on, thanks.”
“E-enjoying the show?” Tony stuttered.
Maybe he wouldn’t feel as hurt as he did right now. Like he really was the worst.
“I brought you some food. Try and eat it for me, okay?” Steve said, giving him a small smile as he blinked to clear his vision. Slowly, he rolled onto his back and pushed himself up. Steve put the tray down and quickly wrapped an arm around his shoulders, helping him up.
“I have a choice.” Tony said mildly, lifting his chin up to look down at the man. “I just figured this might be worth a shot. But if you’re not interested then neither am I.”
Fans across the world would die for this privilege. Steve Rogers was known to take his bike with him everywhere, often electing to use it over most cars. The media had once caught a very pissed off Captain America getting into a taxi once after having lost his keys in a fight. That had certainly been a fun day for Natasha who’d ribbed Steve for it for hours. If Tony had felt comfortable enough with Steve, he would’ve joined in, only he didn’t want to offend the man. He knew he wasn’t on the same standing as Natasha.
Tony watched as Steve’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “What’s this about?”
“So spill. Talk to me.”
Flashes of Tony crying and pleading-
“You may go. But be sure to report to me first thing tomorrow. Dismissed.”
“Come at me little bitch. I’ll make you pay.”
"Tony." Steve cries and now it's even worse. Steve is trembling and Tony's hair feels damp and Tony wonders why Steve feels so much for someone so worthless. He's just a man. Steve is so much more.
Thankfully Steve shook his head. “No, we’re recognized. We’re just new.”
“What choice might that be Mr. Stark?” Robinson jeered, practically snickering with laughter now, and Tony grit his teeth to keep from swearing.
It was coming to evening. The sun was beginning to set in the distance, blending the sky into an artful mix of yellow, pink and lilac. In the far distance, the deeper blue was beginning to appear, and with it, the beginnings of night.
Tony’s brows lifted in surprise. That was quite the estimation.
It isn’t even that, though he's had plenty of time to sit and learn that he's not good enough. It’s from the feeling that maybe he shouldn’t have hoped for more. That he was an idiot for thinking he could stand a chance against Captain America. Really, what would a man like Steve see in someone like Tony Stark?
“Pepper.” He closed his eyes and smiled. “How are you?”
“Not currently.” Steve said grimly and Tony almost asked why, but decided to leave that to later. This was far more important and it wasn’t his place.
Well that was a complete shock. Tony’s eyes bugged and he stared back at the woman in awe. Steve’s gaze was still pinning him from behind. Waiting like a silent predator in the bushes.
“Definitely. The head of department showed me the logo and it matches this warehouse.”
“You did more than that.” Tony spat out and yanked his arm back, spinning around to point at Steve. “You did so much more, you know that? We’re meant to be a family, Steve-“
“Shhh-“
Steve had moved and was now leaning over him, holding just his neck with both hands. He was only a breath away from Tony’s lips and seemed to be studying his expression very carefully.
“But I do want to know. Who are you really under that mask?”
“Stop it.” He pouted, finally getting the wolf to step back and give him space.
He doesn’t care. Tony’s here. He’s
The next five days were a drag. Much of his time was spent describing the collection of mummies he’d saw and the quantity of bats in Manhattan to the twins. Zachariah had been very demanding of the details and Elijah acted like they were little treasure troves of information.
“You are not disgusting. I never wanna hear you say that ever again. Do you hear me?” Steve’s voice burned cold, and if it hadn’t been for the way he was being held, Tony would’ve been sure Steve would’ve killed him there and then.
“Whitney. I want that scent gone. Bond him now.”
He’d always hoped that Steve would be the leader. That maybe he would take over Shield and take the next step. It isn’t supposed to be him, not by a long shot since he knew what people thought of him.
, even the sex-
“No one likes them.”
He was selfish enough to admit that he loved it. Had always loved it.
The blond looks behind himself briefly before turning back to him. Tony tries to make eye contact with him and watches the man shuffle on his feet a little before looking the other way. There’s the telltale signs of someone who clearly doesn’t want to deal with the homeless drunkard sitting on the corner shop.
“Don’t worry. Maria’s just fretting because I’m fine-“
He ran through the streets, fast enough that few could see. Some bystanders yelped when he pushed past them but he didn’t stop. The feeling of his muscles moving was thrilling, like one of those roller-coaster rides he’d tried as a kid.
Steve raises a brow and links his fingers together, looking at Reed carefully. Then he drops his hands and leans back in his chair.
“...Mister? Are you okay?”
Pepper pursed her lips but didn’t comment on that. “Are you taking your armour?”
”The bond! Where is his alpha!?”
Things changed even more after that. Tony couldn’t stop thinking about Steve especially after they repeated the biting on three more occasions. His eyes, his hair, his perfect teeth-
“We have to help them Tony.” Steve whispered, watching the scene carefully with a fiercely determined expression. “They could get hurt if we leave them like this.”
“Commander level high.”
Or so he'd thought. Tony still remembered the way Steve had looked after he’d taunted him like that.
“I don’t want to stop you.” He heard himself say almost as if in an echo and part of him wondered if he was imagining the way Steve’s fists clenched. He didn’t take his eyes of the cuffs though. He couldn’t. Not when they were his only lifeline.
“Please be careful. Think about it. Captain America, your teammate is a lot less likely to hurt you. And Ty was an asshole. Seriously, you’re lucky Rhodey’s out of the country otherwise he’d destroy Ty and get you out of this mess. The only reason I’m not interfering is because I know Steve’s keeping an eye on you.”
“Of course.” Steve said, flashing his teeth. “How many times have we met now?”
“He does. He’s not so bad you know, he isn’t the best, sure but he’s trying, I guess.”
“Sharon Carter. She’s this agent. Works for Shield?” Tony shrugged tiredly.
He was still in the med bay as promised, and wasn’t allowed any tablets or laptops for a couple of days until he was more stable (that hadn’t been a fun discussion with the doctor). So he’d slept and dreamt of strange satellites and robots with the Shield logo and Steve’s concerned gaze and hands on his neck. He’d been sleeping there for a good few hours and it was nice to be woken like this.
So they didn’t like him. That wasn’t new. He’d had people hating him before, in fact, most people did and he didn’t blame them.
“Well, it’s pretty obvious it was a group effort.” Tony laughs softly, blinking tiredly at the baby. “You can have twelve percent.”
They were up in the air again. After a long day of fighting against the Sinister Six, Steve felt tired and achy and frustrated and in desperate need of a shower.
Tony laughed bitterly and smiled. “Yeah. I’m great. I’ll just let you guys-“
“Nonsense. Drink up.” Pierce said and Tony got the distinct impression that there’d be a problem if he didn’t. Of course, that was ridiculous but Tony was still trying to keep good impressions. Regardless of what Fury and Steve thought of him, he was still going to try.
“Tony.” He tentatively took Steve’s hand and shook it, trying not to look too hard into Steve’s pleased expression. “Congrats on finding your soulmate. Are they here tonight?”
He hoped Steve wouldn’t notice how tightly he was gripping him.
just gave him a broad smile and held out his arms with joy.
Grant tilted his head and frowned.
He was right. He was completely right.
Letting out a sigh of relief, he turned and prepared to search for a private corridor to make some calls when Fury grabbed his shoulder. When Tony looked back at him, Fury’s expression was pinched and the one hand he had on his glass had tightened.
“Thank you Steve. I actually don’t have this so...thanks.” Tony said honestly and found himself turning his wrist to catch the light in the dial. It looked very sleek.
The man clicked the device off and placed it back in his belt holder. Then they all stood and waited awkwardly for someone to break the silence.
He’d not done well with that. Maybe that was why he hadn’t pulled his punches. Everyone did keep telling him he needed to calm down.
...” Tony whispered brokenly and held up a shaking hand at Steve. Tears were starting to leak from his eyes. His body shook but from fear or need, Steve couldn’t be sure.
“I’M NOT! I WON’T DO IT!”
“Just do what I do.” Tony grumbled quietly, rolling his eyes and waving at the folks on the other side. They kept walking arm-in-arm, until finally they reached the entrance where several guards were standing. Tony noticed Steve drop his hand and so, he did the same.
He folds his arms and glares at the armor. “We have things to discuss. Don’t bullshit me.”
The soup got stuck in his throat and he began to choke much to Steve’s horror. Through the coughs, he dropped the spoon and nearly spilled the soup.
"I always trust you." Tony said then began to blush hard again as he cleared his throat which really, Steve didn't feel that was fair. How could someone look so attractive even when crying? "I always have."
Tony’s mouth clamps shut. Even Ty takes a slight step back.
“You don’t remember anything past the battle in New York right? Well when I first met you on the Helicarrier, I thought you were the most incredible omega I’d ever seen. Sure we butt heads and sure we fight but Tony, that’s why I love you. You’re one of the strongest people I know and god, when I saw you in your suit, and then later when I moved in and saw you in your lab, I couldn’t-“
“Tony-“
“Sure.” Tony smiled shakily, feeling his hands twitch with nervous energy. He licked his lips and tried not to knock over the wine glasses as he was pulled up by Steve. Together they stood, hand in hand.
It’s not the first time. Steve had found them before but that confrontation had led to nothing. They’d escaped, Sue had revealed her true colors, and nothing had been explained.
Okay, even Tony couldn’t deny how interesting that sounded.
Ty’s dates are different. He learns about other things.
Tony’s heart sinks completely as the realization sets in. The disease causes all sorts of problems but no one knew it could cause internal damage like this. Maybe it grew and adapted, much like they did. He can already feel his skin starting to itch and he knows what is happening. Either way, there isn’t much time left.
“Thank you for being so kind, my lord.” Tony replied with a serene smile.
“Oh I doubt it. You lose.”
He continued to look around, taking his time to get used to the surroundings. It wasn’t home but it would be soon. It would just take time.
“You can’t blame him! I mean, we have to-“
“Excellent. Now off to bed with you both, you will get your fill tomorrow. Whitney-“ He clicked his fingers. “Take Anthony to my room. I will speak with the rest of you tomorrow.”
He doesn't care. Steve's with him now and that's all that matters.
He’d lost his memory. Three years from when he’d first woken up after taking a missile to space to be exact.
Before anyone could protest, Steve switched to private mode and stood tall. Then he cupped his hands to his mouth and began to shout;
“Oh, but you see child...” The hand in Tony’s hair tangled itself into his strands. He felt the pull tighten. “Anthony knows the rules. We all know the rules.”
At one point, Tony noticed Fury watching them from across the table. When he looked up, Fury raised his brows and leaned back with folded arms. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the knowing look on Fury’s face. He was in on this too.
“What do you think pet?” Zeke said in a dangerously quiet voice. His nostrils were flared and his back was tense as he sat up. Slowly, he stood up from the bed and walked towards Tony.
“Are you alright? I’ve never seen a vampire lose balance like that.” He said calmly and Tony couldn’t help but stare. The sheer
“Well...” Tony glanced at him briefly before returning to the drink. “Something’s come up.”
“You sure you don’t-“
“Mr. Stark!”
It didn’t matter. Steve had already made up his mind.
Tiredly, Tony presses his scrapped palm in the stone wall and looks up at the shop-keeper.
“Go after him! Don’t let him get away unscathed! Make sure he’s dead by midnight!”
“Wait.” Steve said, and held up his hand higher. He wasn’t looking at Tony, still far too busy frowning at some unseen force on the ground. Then he lowered his hand and clenched it into a fist.
His eye twitched. His nose followed the scent like a dog follows a trail.
Like a deer in the headlights, Tony pursed his lips and looked away. Steve didn’t sound too happy. Could he do nothing right by this man?
Oblivious, Steve rushed forward and patted some of the cushions on his couch, and swept some of the blankets aside. “Here, take a seat. It’s not much but it’s-“
“Be quick.” He murmured and watched their eyes light up with joy before they crowded him, sinking their small teeth into the soft flesh of his neck. Contrary to popular belief, vampires had very soft skin so as to allow vampires to share blood through bites. Of course, it was rare for the rest of the creatures of the world to know that. Vampire skin was highly vulnerable and hence, leaving the cavern without armour was forbidden. Their weaknesses could not be exposed.
“What do you mean?”
“Eat fist, jackass!” Clint cried, jumping out of the portal with Thor and that definitely wasn’t part of the plan but Steve wasn’t complaining.
Which had been fine until Iron man had told him that Mr. Stark had a mission for him. Again.
“TONY! I’M HERE! YOU’RE GOING TO BE OKAY, I’M HERE, TALK TO ME-“
“I need to take care of something.” Tony mumbled and trudged away, doing his best not to feel the sting of hurt with each taunt he heard. With his back turned, he steeled his expression as he walked away.
“Oh wait! Before you go.” Tony picked up his juice bottle and held it out to Steve’s crouched figure. “Take it. You’ll enjoy it more than I will. Maybe you can give it to your friends?”
His head feels slow and his heart feels heavy. His whole body sways and staggers as he walks towards the place he used to call home.
“TONY!” Clint screamed back and Tony froze.
“Yes, give it time Mr. Stark. You might just surprise yourself.”
“I’ve got you.” He said and without wasting a second, he pressed his lips to Tony’s, feeling something slot into place when their lips met.
Silently, he wondered what Steve thought of that. If he'd be offended if Tony pointed out the similarities.
“I’m just a man trying to do what’s right. Trying to fix my mistakes. But there is no fixing them.” Stark laughed bitterly and reached for the glass. “I don’t deserve to have a friend like him. Or anyone like him.”
“Ha, that’s sweet of you. But it’s okay, we all know who the real hero is here.”
Tony froze. For a full minute he just gasped at Steve and Steve watched as all the emotions appeared on his face. Shock, anger, sadness, fear-
“Ideally not too far.” Steve said and flashed him a grin before turning back to the approaching robots. “Maybe you drop me off on the back of the robot and let me sort the control panel. Just cover me and I’ll get it done.”
“Birds?” Steve asked and tilted his head down carefully, listening out for something to give them a clue. But they couldn’t hear anything-
Tony nodded and watched the smile grow on Gabe’s face.
It was time. Steve had kept quiet for too long. They needed to talk.
Somehow the quiet room felt peaceful. Like for a moment he had a chance to just breathe. Him and Steve hadn’t spoken in months. Now suddenly they were talking again and he was going to live on the helicarrier where he’d have a bigger chance of seeing Steve than before. And not just that, he was going to live as a shield grunt working for shield.
Tony couldn't stop the slow, gleeful smile spreading across his face. "You mean when you saw me in that tiny red thong? Is that when?"
Once, he’d been happy there. Once, Steve had grabbed him by his wrist and pulled him close. Once, they’d made love on the soft bed of Steve’s simple but lively room, after months of dancing around each other.
The children muttered a lackluster goodnight and skulked towards their empty corridor, throwing occasional glances in Tony’s direction. Letting his lips go loose, he smirked and waved in response until they were out of sight.
He wasn’t liked. Not the way Steve was.
. If he didn’t, he would never have a chance at surviving. Even if there was no one there, maybe the ship would have something.
“Do you know Steve? Do you?” He whispered, blinking furiously.
His evening had taken such a turn. But this was the right choice, he knew. He'd always been a genius.
This one was a problem. She screamed.
"Commander?"
Fury cleared his throat and shrugged. “Can’t say it’s been easy. You’ve always kept me on my feet.” He smirked and gestured to the crowd. “Though I don’t imagine you find it easy yourself. There’s a lot of people in this room.”
(He chose to ignore how his instincts were
“No. It’s not your fault.”
"I do. I have for a long time."
“I don’t trust them with you Tony. I’ll be honest, you don’t have the best track record of looking after yourself and Steve is being so stubborn it’s unbelievable. But if something happens, who will look out for you? You’re alone there.”
He started to laugh. He couldn’t remember the last time he had but he didn’t stop now. It was liberating and he actually felt happy.
“No issues. Now that we’ve delivered the goods, can we leave now?”
“That...we’ll just have to be professional. It’s not like you’ll see me all the time, it’ll just be the R and D department mostly. And anyway, things have changed between us after all. I don’t see us going back.”
“Everyone okay?”
“I’m sorry.” Tony swallowed and squeezed his eyes shut tight. “I’m
Zeke broke the silence by walking towards Tiberius and holding his arms out. Whitney stepped back to allow them to embrace and when they pulled back, Ty gave a curt nod.
Steve’s accidentally wandered into the south cafeteria. It’s empty and dark, with only one light hanging above a small steel table. Reed sits there on a seat with his arms in his lap and tired eyes. Steve steps forward and joins him.
“God damn it.” Steve whispered harshly and looked at Tony again. Something softened in his gaze though.
Steve almost wanted to laugh at that. The irony.
don’t like them.”
“No.” He shakes his head rapidly. “It’s not true! It’s not
Tony was a genius at the best of times. But he had no idea what Steve was talking about. Sometimes Tony wondered if he was secretly talking about something else. Either way, the way Steve’s eyes were watching him, made Tony feel like he was being pinned down with the force of that stare.
“You okay?”
Then, before Steve could correct him on the title, Tony pressed the exit button and left before he had to hear another word.
And neither did the children. The ten year olds were young but not young enough to remember their life before this. Often Tony considered himself lucky that he was turned at the age of thirty. Otherwise he may have been doomed to the memories of bloodlust and nothing more.
He was safe. For a moment he was completely safe. No bullets, no team of assholes, no reminders of the SHRA or Osborn. Just...Steve...
Tony just stared at him. He was pretty sure his mouth was catching flies.
“That’s right, see? You’re so perfect Tony. Look at him, he already loves you. You’re amazing, as always. Knew you would be.” Steve whispers between them, and leans forward to press his lips to Tony’s forehead. Then he pauses and smiles down at the pup before doing the same to him. The baby squirms a little under the kiss but doesn’t fuss otherwise. He’s so perfect.
“So why did you choose to wait till now?” Tony coughed and waved his hand towards the crowd. “I would’ve thought you’d have approached them sooner. Have you approached them? Actually, who is your soulmate?”
Fury looked away and spoke to some other bigwig. Feeling the walls close, Tony turned back to Pierce and focused on the heat seeping into his shoulder.
”They’re my team.”
“You’re about as mule-headed as he is. Maybe it’s a thing with you superhero types.” He huffed but passed the napkin into Tony’s hand and gestured at his eyes.
“Well don’t. I can bite too you know and trust me, my bark is no where near as bad as my bite, agent.”
The seconds stretched on. Tony looked at the bed and swallowed, eyes unseeing.
“Sorry.” He heaved tiredly, reaching up to scrub at his sore eyes. The tears didn’t really stop though so he just dropped his hand and sighed. “Don’t worry about it. Doesn’t matter. Sir.”
He’d been out here for over an hour and the rain was starting to pick up. The roads were just getting darker and having had his keys, wallet and phone stolen, Tony didn’t want to think about his odds.
“He’d obviously not make up a completely random excuse to have you on the same building, or say, aircraft now, would he?”
It straightens. And faces the crowd.
He feels Steve shuffle behind him, and suddenly two huge arms come around him fully and support him. Larger hands cover his own while he cradles the baby. Heat from Steve’s huge body floods his skin.
Zeke nodded and turned away. “Good. Come to my room later. I’ll explain the details of your new role and lay out more rules. Do not fail me.”
“Of course. They would make a perfect couple. The best actually.” Pierce leaned against the bar and tapped again. “Two more please. Make Stark’s a little dirtier.”
“I know.” Ty sighs and looks away like he thinks it’s simple misfortune rather than the colossal fight it turned out to be. “I’m here now though. We’ve been together for months.”
“Hello Steve. Fancy meeting you here.” Tony purred and turned slowly like it was nothing more than a stranger from work. He didn’t even have to make eye contact if he fancied.
But Tony wasn’t stupid. He’d done the math.
Something dimmed in his heart. He missed the Avengers so much. He missed them enough that it felt like a physical ache. The days in the mansion had been the best he’d ever experienced and he’d always cherish them, even if he hadn’t admitted it to anyone.
“Of course.” Steve said quietly, but in a tone that was clearly non-negotiable.
“What? Buddy, I don’t think-“
all the others. Tony knew that. He had hand selected each one of them because of their strengths and not...
"Steve?" Tony called out when Steve reached out for his phone and began to tap a number into the screen. Maria Hill appeared on the screen.
(See the end of the chapter for
With wavering thoughts and a tired heart, Tony stepped through and knocked lightly on Steve’s private door.
“Tony. Hey, wake up.” Steve said quietly, and Tony felt a warm hand shake his shoulder gently.
“I’m so so sorry Tony.” Steve said and started to cry.
“So I’m terminating it?” Tony confirms and then stares.
“That won’t help. I need to stake a claim to the area. That means I need to leave the scent here so if you walk off that kind of defeats the purpose.”
“Stop. Explain yourself.” Tony ordered and glared at Steve when he huffed.
Fear was powerful. It pushed him to move faster and go further beyond his limits. His body pounded in time with his blood and his ears roared, screaming at him to stop and rest.
Images of Stern and Sharon filled his head. One taunting and one bouncing with excitement. It must’ve shown on his face because Fury frowned again.
It’s...disappointing. Something aches in his heart at the thought and suddenly he misses Steve with such fierceness that he almost calls for him.
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be?”
Steve’s gaze turned sharp and the corners of his mouth turned down a fraction. Like he was disappointed but Tony had no idea why. He scrambled to say something more.
“Leave it. Stop laughing at me.” Steve growled, though he immediately curled his arm back round Tony.
“You think you’re so right. You think you do no wrong. How can you fool yourself so much Captain, that you honestly don’t understand-“
“That’s enough!”
The Helicarrier is silent. Slowly, Steve gets out of bed and puts his shoes on. He leaves his quarters and begins to walk.
Tony’s head shot up. He narrowed his eyes, thinking back to how insistent Steve had been that he’d wanted this.
Steve has one last question. He is an Avenger after all.
“Yeah...well I certainly try.” Tony whispered, squinting his eyes when the light of the corridor reached his eyes. Things blurred.
The bakery sign was turned off. Tony stopped in front of it and stared.
Of course. Mr. Stark.
“Oh, by the way.” Steve twisted around where he stood and pulled something from his back. Tony squinted a little at the black square box wondering just how exactly Steve had managed to hide it.
!” Tony blinked and turned to see Ben suddenly up on his feet with a frantic, desperate look on his face.
The look faded from Tiberius’ eyes and he agreed calmly. “Of course. Although...” His eyes slid towards the crowd for a brief moment.
Reed’s eyes go distant again. Not unlike how they were when Strange lost it.
“Hey. Having a good time?” He said quietly, trying for a smile. Something sad flickered across Maria’s face but it quickly vanished.
Steve looked down and saw Tony’s hand touch his briefly.
“Goodbye mutt. Don’t bother me again.” Tony said in a dull voice and jumped high.
“I am.” Tony replied tiredly. Then he tried to edge out of Steve’s grip but the soldier grunted and tightened his hands, pulling him closer.
“I haven’t had a mark for years. My last one disappeared after Afghanistan. I’ve been alone since.” He explained tiredly, suddenly feeling the wave of pain and loneliness he’d faced after Afghanistan appear and rear its ugly head. It had been a while since he’d felt this low.
“Yes my lord.”
“But it’s mine, I found it!”
Holding his hands up, Steve lowered his chin and pouted a little. “Sorry, I know I should wait until you’re done. But I’ve just been thinking about it all week.”
Mute, Tony shook his head.
He dismissed the idea almost immediately. Steve didn’t want to be bothered by him. Tony was sure he was probably busy in the gym having fistfight with the punching bag. The team leader really didn’t need to be disturbed because he couldn’t decide which tux to wear. That would be absurd!
Silently, he swallowed and pulled the draw strings tight on his bag. Then, mute as always, he swung it onto his back and looped his arms through, testing the hold until he was satisfied.
“Indeed I will.” Zeke agreed, taking a seat at his desk and reaching for a pen. “I will have to call for reinforcements. Perhaps I’ll send for my friend, another prime to assist me in dealing with the Captain.”
Take a deep breath for me.”
Tony yanked his arm back and roared;
“You’re in no condition. We’ve just gotten you verbal. You need to relax.” The medic sighed and looked at the ambulance a few feet away. “Your mates’ gonna be fine. I’m getting reports that they’ve stabilized him.”
Steve paused for a moment. “Yeah? You’re sure?”
Steve was...unbelievably well built. He’d always been all muscles to Tony but now that he had a clear view of Steve’s eight pack, it was hard to think of anything else. It was shocking, he’d never seen someone so in shape.
think.
“Yeah.” Tony sniffed, wiping his tears with the back of his hand. “I figured you were done with me. So I agreed to go through with it. I never thought you didn’t want it either.”
Robinson was out of his seat faster than a bullet being fired from a gun.
loudly. Shit, he was hungry.
“Alright, alright.” Tony grumbles and shakily pushes himself to his feet, only just about managing. His whole body feels weighed down by an indescribable force, and his head spins and slants and continues to throw him off.
He performed his final scouting and finally returned to the first block, scanning the streets below. He thought he’d done quite well for his first night. And no creature interactions either. What an excellent result!
Something ignited it Tony then. A rage that flooded his very core. He wouldn’t lose this chance. He’d have one thing to his name.
He didn't want to let go of this. He was so terrified of the prospect of things going back to how it had been before that he almost didn't let go of Steve's hand when they reached the elevator. Luckily, he did and he pressed the button for the lift to go up. It was just like how they first started.
The next morning, he skipped breakfast with the others and left Avengers tower to meet with Fury. He’d demanded a meeting and surprisingly, Fury had held a free slot for him. Almost like he expected Tony to turn up.
A man emerged from behind it and stepped forward. His shoes clicked against the floor as he stepped forward.
Taking a deep breath, Tony loosened his shoulders and plastered on a winning smile. He followed the clearly disgruntled assistant through the long glass corridor and waited for her to step into the elevator first, before following her in. Once the doors slid closed, he felt the familiar pull in his stomach as the elevator began to move up.
It was a body suit with a zip at the front essentially. Once he had his arms through, he stopped and glanced at himself. That didn’t look bad actually.
Then he smiled at Tony and nodded.
“Cap, are you ready? Quinjet in five.”
That was...unexpected of Steve. To defend him.
Un-phased, Pierce shrugged and tucked a hand into his pocket. "No. But the Avengers are a matter of national security. Not everything is clear cut."
It took two whole months after realizing his feelings for Steve to actually muster up the courage to ask Iron man directly. It happened after they’d just won a fight against Batroc the Leaper.
Guns clock and so he stills. But his haunted eyes dig into Steve’s very soul.
“Mr. Stark.” Robinson said, twisting from the chair to rest his arm over the back and look him over. “It’s great to see you. Nice uniform.”
"Neither can you." Steve said, equally firm. "Because it destroys me. You understand? It destroys me to see you hurt. Okay?" Steve met his eyes and Tony had no choice but to concede. He understood. While he couldn't promise, he could try.
“Steve...it’s okay. I promise, everything’s okay now.” Tony whispers softly and cups Steve’s cheek gently and it really is the best feeling. Steve’s so warm, even in death and it warms his soul in a way he’s not felt in a long time.
“You’re asking me how my day was?” Tony asked, just to be clear.
“I can’t picture you wanting me.” Tony admits quietly. “I just can’t see how you could want me. You’re...you’re Captain America. I’m just...me.”
“I’m not begging.”
“Let me help, Winghead.” Tony insisted and placed both of his palms flat on the table to lean on it and bend closer. “I hear I’m good at this sort of thing.”
“Tony...you remember our promise?” Steve said in a hushed tone and everything around them became background noise as Tony listened. The rush of the crowd seemed to fade and all he could see was Steve’s huge blue eyes.
