He hesitated, just for a moment, then went down the hall. He nudged the bathroom door open. The air was warm, humid. John was in the shower, the curtain drawn.
But Sherlock did not resist as he reached out, gently grasped at his wrists. Turned his hands, examined them carefully. The palms were unharmed. A web of scratches unspooled across the thin delicate skin at the back of his hands, his knuckles scraped raw. The edges were livid with irritation, but the cuts themselves were, indeed, shallow.
"Yeah," John said, his voice soft. He held up his hand in what he hoped was a placating manner. He wanted badly to cup Lazarus's shaking shoulder, to take his pulse. To comfort. To
"So this is—" John stopped, made a point of looking around. He nodded. "Your place, yeah? It's—" his gaze caught on the chair by the fire. One chair. Sherlock's chair. His voice trailed off.
He is rewriting his own internal narrative, even as he brushes dirt and loose bits of straw from his clothes. Sherlock Holmes, the tragic figure, the most human human being and his best friend—that man is no more. He is replaced by Sherlock Holmes the liar, a man every bit the sociopath he'd always claimed to be.
This is love, Sherlock thinks. It is as destructive as he has always feared, it is all-consuming, it leaves him shaking and helpless and desperate and lost. He has felt this way for years, adrift, alone.
He'd nodded, because the words would not come. And then he'd stepped away from John and had gone up the stairs and knocked softly, because surely enough time had passed and Rosie would be ready to see reason. Her temper had burned fierce and hot and fast since early childhood, and she'd rarely stayed upset for long.
"Betrayed and murdered, you said," Sherlock said thoughtfully. "Well. Hazard of that kind of work, I suppose. Your kind operates unofficially, as Mycroft said. Top secret. You—rightly—suspected an inside informant. But you wouldn't know where the leak originated, you'd have no idea who to trust. You'd not be able to return home, no, better to play dead. Work a bit of freelance to keep yourself in the game. Is that how you encountered Moriarty?"
Sherlock tears his gaze away. He looks around the room, takes note of the boxes piled near the door.
Sherlock's hands shook. He folded them behind him, bounced on the balls of his feet. Frowned. "You're not making sense. Have you been drugged?"
John huffed, folded his arms across his chest. It had been one of the more chaotic crime scenes he'd seen. Guests milling about with cameras, a weeping bride, a shocked and stuttering vicar, and amidst it all the groom—sprawled face-up and gape-mouthed before the altar in his tuxedo, crushed flowers strewn in his wake.
"I didn't need the onion," she said. Her voice was tight. She marched past him and into her little bathroom. The lock clicked.
always with the heels?—clacking across the floor. Sherlock's closed bedroom door at the end of the hall.
"Moriarty made an attempt on his life," Mary said. "I may have stayed close enough to discourage it from happening again."
"John," Sherlock says. His voice emerges slow, slurred. He feels as if he is underwater, moving slowly and with great resistance.
She reminded him of John, like this. How John had been, once, years ago. Quiet and contained and so very angry.
"Not tonight," John said, holding Rosie close, bouncing her a bit in his arms. He could not quite bring himself to meet Sherlock's eyes. He turned away, climbed the stairs to his room.
Sherlock stared at him, and thought of the last time they'd seen each other, John standing awkwardly in the sitting room at Baker Street with Rosie clinging to his leg. John not meeting his eye as he said
"Sherlock," John says. He holds his left arm gingerly, keeps his right hand resting against Sherlock's face. "What--?"
"Technically, I'd like to buy it again," he said. "Considering it was your association with me that enabled the purchase in the first place."
Sherlock hadn't replaced it, of course. John had eventually bought a new one, and that had been that.
"I do," John said, laughing a little, but there was nothing flippant about his tone. "I really, really do."
John breathed in, a deep breath. Preparation for speech. Sherlock very much did not want to hear whatever it was that he was going to say.
"Thanks," John interrupted, looking past the man into the dimly lit restaurant, his gaze flitting over happy couples and smiling families and raucous gatherings. No Sherlock. "But I'm waiting for someone."
He wants to reach out, to tug Sherlock back into his arms. Wants to kiss him again. Wants to bury his face against Sherlock's neck and breathe him in. Wants to undress him, wants to slide reverent hands along smooth warm skin. Wants to hear what kind of sounds he can tease out of Sherlock, wants to feel the thunder of his heartbeat, the stuttered gasp of unsteady breaths.
He did not know why Sherlock was bothering with all of this. Platinum was expensive. A strong metal. Durable. It would hold up to the frequent abuses Sherlock inflicted on his hands in the name of his work. Undoubtedly what he'd have chosen, if the marriage were real. If he intended to wear that ring for the rest of his life. But, for this? Surely he could have gone with something less—permanent—to suit his charade. It was a bit surprising that he didn't have a box full of cheap wedding rings hidden away somewhere in the flat.
Harry stops going out at night. Her face loses its tired puffiness, the dark circles under her eyes fade.
He sat down, made a bit of a show of grimacing and shifting in his seat. It was strange, he thought. There would have been a time, not too long ago, when all of the fussing and pained expressions would have been real.
"Sherlock," John said again, and his hands were cool on Sherlock's flushed face. If he had to go, this was acceptable. It wasn't what he wanted, but he'd take it. It was enough.
"Something's wrong," Lazarus said. "It's worse than I feared. My unit at MI6 has been compromised. They must have someone on the inside."
"She's lovely," Sarah said. "They're so great at this age. Bit of a handful, but—" she laughed, shook her head, stood up. "She's got your smile."
Sherlock stood in front of her, frowning up at the wall over her head where he'd pinned his list of suspects.
He thought, unwittingly, of his own feet slipping in the icy slush on the Jubilee Bridge, of the railing against his back dropping away into emptiness, of the ice and roaring water rushing up to claim him. Shivered.
The next two hours passed slowly. He'd receive the occasional notification of a call request, read his way through the patient's provided list of symptoms, and then open up a window and dial the patient for a face-to-face video consult.
Sherlock took an unsteady breath, and then another. He kissed John's leg, mouthing at the denim as he struggled with his flies. John made a pained sound and dropped to his knees beside Sherlock. He took Sherlock's face in his hand and kissed him, soft yet frantic kisses, peppered all across his heated cheeks and forehead.
"Of course you do. You—running off on your own. Then trying to chase me off. You didn't want me here. Still don't."
He'd opened his eyes certain he was drowning in it, choking on it, the scent of John's shampoo drifting under the bathroom door, too much and not enough. And that day it had been particularly severe, hadn't it? That confused, angry want?
a place for Mary," John says. "She didn't take yours. I had to—Jesus, before I proposed, I had to take her to your grave to properly meet you. It was important to me. That she know."
Sherlock's coat, he realized absently, reaching up with shaking fingers to rub at the wool. Sherlock had covered him with his coat. They were crowded together in the back seat of a taxi. His heated forehead slumped against the cool windowglass.
"I don't know!" John smiled again, a genuine, full smile. "I have no idea. It was—it was completely mental. He gave no indication that he was going to be, you know, unruly, and then all of a sudden he was hurling himself into the beverage cart."
"You could have just texted," John said, staring down at the box, feeling oddly fond. He looked up at Sherlock, dropped his voice. "'John, while you're at the shops, could you pick me up some of those chocolate biscuits?' You know. Something like that."
"No," John said. His face was hot. His chest was cold. "I don't—that's not what—I'm sorry. Sherlock. Wait."
"But I can't—I don't know what to do. You're the one who helps with—" Sherlock stopped, frustrated. He waved an impatient hand in the air. "You're the one who does all of this. Feelings. Whatever. And there are times when it's quite obvious that you're saying something you don't mean, like when you suggest salads for lunch but you really want Chinese, you only
"You know, I thought he looked familiar when I saw him before," Pete mused. "I guess I thought he'd be taller. He seems taller. In the papers."
Sherlock pressed his fingertips against his mouth, the pieces falling into place, all of the bits he hadn't quite been able to see while standing in the wreckage of John's sitting room. "But you were surprised to see him again."
Mycroft had stared at him, nonplussed. "She's an adult, Sherlock, and well capable of making her own decisions."
"John." Sherlock's voice, behind him, very close. He'd come up the stairs, stopped just behind John in the doorway.
she'd just offered at the foot of the stairs, and before that, just the one word to Sherlock that had brought him to the crowded chapel in the first place:
that, John, don't you understand how—" Sherlock turned away, his shoulders rising and falling with his rapid breaths.
"No," Sherlock said. "I double checked. The bakery provided the correct cake—very clearly marked. The fatal error occurred in the kitchen, after the cake had been delivered. The cake that triggered Winston Crane's peanut allergy was provided by a different bakery, meant for another party. An accidental switch, so we're to believe. "
He'd not anticipated having to turn around and go back into the hallway, to stand at the top of the stairs in the place where he'd once kissed John for the very first time and say the words
John was no longer looking at him. He'd turned slightly towards the dark fireplace, his shoulders hunched. A wary animal. "Turns out he had a little flat in Chelmsford. Not far from mine, actually. But you already knew that."
John trailed him towards the door, past the disapproving queue of people, out into the damp cold air.
"You don't get to—Sherlock—" John increased his pace, nearly jogging now to keep up. "You don't get to just run off on your own because it's convenient. I'm a fugitive too now, remember?"
"It's fine," John said. "It's all fine. I'm just—glad you're well. Yeah. Have a good night." He nodded, whirled around, once more made for the door.
The man is dead. He has been dead for several hours, long enough for rigor mortis to set in. The back of his skull has been caved in by something frightfully heavy.
Walsingham shrugged, helpless, sweating and miserable in his wilted tuxedo. "I thought—perhaps—illness? Or—?"
"Not mine," John said, slipping it back into his pocket. His heart thudded in his chest. "Just—belongs to a friend. Someone changed the password. He's locked out."
"It wasn't a particularly pleasant holiday, John." Sherlock kept his head turned away, his gaze seeking the ceiling, paying particular attention to the dusty corners, searching for motion.
John swallowed. There were no sounds outside the office door, no footsteps, no conversation. Sarah might have left the building, or—
"Burned down when I was small," he said. In case the finality in his tone was not enough of a hint, he punctuated his sentence by turning and walking away.
Enough time had passed that he'd grown first irritable, then concerned. Perhaps John, despite his steady sure gait, was in fact having second thoughts. Perhaps he'd found himself hesitating, lingering at the bottom of the stairs, regretting having come at all.
Sherlock hesitated, then went into the room. Crouched down next to Rosie, uncomfortably aware of John's eyes on him.
He hadn't seen through her yet. He saw everything, but he was blind to the people he trusted. He trusted her. Somehow that was worse.
"Well. Molly Hooper was here," she said. "About an hour ago. Said she left something in the fridge for you."
He wants to laugh. He wants to cry. He has been stricken with helpless, inconvenient affection, and he
This one housed the wedding cake, tall and resplendent. White fondant and buttercream flowers curled in a delicate pattern along the towering tiers.
"It's just a place to me," John says again, and he has stepped close, close enough to drown out the sensory input from the people and cars and early-morning chaos that surrounds them. "But it's, um, not the same for you, is it?"
He opens the window. A gentle breeze rustles the curtains, and though it carries the ever-present smell of livestock, he finds he does not mind. The night is cool, and quiet, nothing like the relentless energetic drone of Sherlock's London.
"Stop it, stop it, sit down," John had said, pushing away from the window and coming towards him, dropping to his knees in front of Sherlock. "You idiot. You absolute fucking idiot."
"Yes, yes, fine," the man said. There was a flurry of movement, a vague disruption of the shadows. John had the impression of someone waving their hand in a dismissive manner in front of the camera. "Don't bother with all of that. I'm not in need of medical attention."
He'd stood and he'd thought and he'd looked at the once-grand old house where his childhood had died. The wind groaned through its charred bones.
John made a scoffing noise in the back of his throat, stood up. Moved to shut the window behind him.
"Yeah," John said. "Sorry. I—I should have found out when you were being discharged. I'd have met you with—" He stopped again, looked Sherlock over. "Er, where did you get those clothes?"
He'd spent last Christmas in a haze of grief and anger, head heavy with drink, the curtains drawn, the outside world shut away. Rosie had cried and he'd tried to soothe her, but she took no comfort from him and he found he had little to offer. She'd cried and cried and he'd paced the rooms, looked at all of the things that Mary would never touch again.
"Well, I wouldn't know, would I?" John asked, frowning down at the table. He picked at a bit of lint on his jumper, fidgeted where he sat. "I don't—I don't bake, I hardly even eat sweets. I didn't even do this—" he gestured wildly around, "—for my own wedding."
"Sherlock," John says. "There are so few areas where I have the upper hand on you. But this is one of them, I think."
He wondered if she ever worked with prenuptial agreements. If she had encountered the couples that way, it was possible—
sensing the rising tension in the room and even Sherlock had joined in, now, was scooping Rosie up off the ground to soothe her while John stood in the doorway with his mouth agape and his hand pinching his nose and feeling more superfluous than he ever had before in his life.
"Shouldn't leave these lying around," he said, his voice light and jaunty, far too cheerful. "Never know who might be tempted! Also you—may want to consider moving your car. Would
She tells him, in excruciating detail, as they walk. Rosie's little hand tucks into his own, her grip firm.
John was dizzy, and drunk, and happy.  He could not remember why he'd ever thought this was a bad idea.
The office door creaked on its tilted hinges. John readjusted his grip on the gun, waited. His mouth had gone dry.
Not a mugging—joggers rarely carried valuables, and the man's shoes and watch were untouched. Not premeditated—the killer had made no effort to hide the body or dispose of the murder weapon.
—and then he was reeling, lurching backwards as Mary slumped limp and lifeless from his arms. Because Sherlock stared down at him with sightless eyes, blood running in rivulets down his pale slack face, his hair dark and wet where his skull had split. There was blood on his coat, his collar sodden with it.
Rosie seemed to pick up on his good mood. She beamed back at him, giggled when he dropped an eggshell into the pan by mistake. He narrowed his eyes at her as he fished it back out, which only made her giggle harder.
"Just. This. All of this. All of this, because sometimes when I look at you, I want to kiss you, and I don't know what to do with that."
Lestrade was silent for a moment. Sherlock could almost hear him trying to think. It was a painful, torturous process at the best of times, and these were not the best of times.
"John," Sherlock said. His voice sounded faint, tired. John did not want to think about what that might mean.
The posts and the capital letters vanished right around the time of her wedding. There was a conspicuous gap in her activity lasting several months. The Jennie that eventually returned seemed more subdued. She did not smile in her newer photographs.
"—but what if we could predict a tornado's path? Develop an early warning system? How many lives could we save? Years of research have brought us right to the cusp of this historic moment—"
"—the bloke that's got John just walked right out the front door with him. John looked drunk. He could barely stand. No one even gave them a second glance. We couldn't get a good angle on his face, and we're still trying to work out where they went, one of the cameras was out, but—"
John seems riveted, though. He has managed to settle Rosie against his chest, her blond curls tucked up under his chin. He is listening intently, jotting notes.
John looked up at him, the side of his face warmed by late morning sunlight, and he smiled. There was something of the battlefield in that smile, a half-stunned acknowledgement that, in spite of all evidence to the contrary, they had survived the night.
"I was cleaning out his things," she says, when he's finally mustered up the energy to make her a cup of tea.
Grass and dirt and rocks. Uneven ground. The surface changing, his trainers skidding along damp wood where he'd expected rock. Cool air below, chilling his ankles. The wood had groaned a warning and cracked, the ground falling away beneath him, blackness rushing up to claim him.
"A trusted colleague," Mycroft said. There was regret in his voice. "Someone I'd considered a friend. Above reproach. And yet—well. It seems everyone can be had for the right price."
Lestrade shifted where he stood, his hand pressed against his pocket as if the little bag of sugar might leap out. He looked uncomfortable and unhappy. And half-bewildered, but that was his default state and, as such, not particularly remarkable.
"She told me to stay," John says. "She didn't want me along." He shakes his head, directs a rueful smile at the ground. "No, that's not really true—she
He thought uncomfortably of Culverton Smith, of the recording that Lestrade had made him listen to. Of the choked, reluctant confessions the man had extracted from Sherlock. Those hoarse, desperate,
"That's what everyone says, yeah," John said. The back of his neck prickled, as if he could somehow feel Sherlock's eyes on him. He forced himself to keep moving, focusing on his footwork.
The man in the third pew from the front stooped to pick up the bouquet. He'd handed it back to her. Her eyes had locked on his face.
"—want something," John said again, with a little helpless shrug. He should leave. He should apologise, turn around, go back down the stairs. He'd left the milk in the fridge, a peace offering. That was all he'd meant to do.
"And then she told me that if I fucked it up, if I hurt you, she'd make sure they never found my body."
"I think it's fairly obvious," Sherlock said. His voice was steady, but John thought there was a bit of an uncertain edge to it.
"Hm?" He turned to face her. He was suddenly uncomfortably aware of the gun at his back, the metal warm against his skin. He wondered if the bulge at the back of his shirt was obvious. He had begun to sweat.
"John," Sherlock said again. He shifted in his seat, settling back down with a small pained sound. "Mary was—"
"Good," John says, quiet. He shifts so that he is lying down, pulls the duvet up and over himself. His grip slackens, but he does not let go. "Good."
Sherlock looked at the key in John's hand, did not move to take it. His face was difficult to read. After a long, quiet moment, he reached out and picked it up, his fingers brushing against John's palm.
"Hard to believe I ever looked that young," he said. His lip curled slightly, an unconscious expression of distaste.
"I, Sherlock, take thee, Janine," Sherlock repeated dutifully. He was smiling, looking into Janine's eyes. Her hands were clasped in his own.
something. He curled one trembling hand against the warm skin of John's neck, let his other hand slide up John's arm to settle on his shoulder. Drew him close.
There was a birthday card propped up against the vase. He picked it up, looked at it. Multiple people had wished Molly well.
Away from home for two years, Lazarus had told him. If he was telling the truth about who he was, he hadn't just been gone for two years, he'd been
"He's been tortured," John said. His voice broke as he thought about it, about the way Sherlock had said
"Fuck," he said, and put his hands over his eyes, pressed. He wondered if he was losing his mind. Hell, maybe he already had.
"You think I don't know that?" John says. There is an edge of anger in his voice, but it is distant, blunted.
The back rooms, of course. Where John put on his suit jacket and donned his hat, where he'd stood staring at himself in the mirror and carefully avoiding meeting Sherlock's eye.
Lazarus blew out a breath. He leaned forward, his gaze seeming to burn right through John's own. There were dark circles under his eyes. "I have been away from home for more than two years, Dr Watson. I have been—captured. And interrogated. And while I've managed to escape, I expect it's only a matter of time until I'm discovered. While I loathe asking for assistance, I find myself incapacitated and incapable of getting out on my own. So please—" his voice broke, and when he spoke again it was shaking with anger, "—FOR GOD'S SAKE tell me you delivered my message!"
His stomach rumbled. He strapped Rosie into her highchair, watched her as she lifted the bottle and resumed drinking. When he was satisfied that she was not going to drop it, he turned away.
"Is that—" Sherlock hesitated, feeling uncertain and clumsy and much too slow. His pulse skittered under his skin, joyful, ebullient bursts.
Tradition implied consistency. Tradition implied he—it implied he'd still be here, at Baker Street, for the next Christmas and the one after that and the one after that. And oh, Christ, that was a nice thought, it was
What comes next? Some sort of painful, protracted conversation, Sherlock supposes. Uncomfortable platitudes. (What is it that people say?
Sherlock lifted his head up from the pillow, fixed him with that pale gaze. There was something agonized on his face, something that made him seem older, something that went beyond the gaunt hollow cheeks or the stubble or the unwashed sweaty heat of him.
that she'd been drawn to him. He thought of Mary, and the way he'd loved her and then hated her all at once, the way he'd taken his own freely offered forgiveness and twisted it into an ugly nest of resentment and anger. The way he'd never gotten the chance to make it right again.
"Considering what he tried to do, I considered it prudent," Sherlock says. His fingers continue to tap on the steering wheel.
"You kissed me before midnight," Sherlock said, feeling nervous and mildly hysterical, almost giddy. He cleared his throat. "Provided you do so again after midnight, I see no cause for concern."
"Yeah," he said, as he heard the slam of Sherlock's door and the crunch of his shoes against the gravel. "It's a flat tyre."
She looked over at Sherlock with horror, saw only the dark curly top of his head poking out from under the sheet. Now was not the time to freeze. He’d trusted her. She wouldn’t freeze.
He was drawn to the window of a brightly lit shop like a moth to flame. Inside, his back to the window, was—
She rolled her eyes, let out a sharp little laugh. "Oh, please, I've got over it. He's forgiven, mostly. I made a lot of money out of the whole thing, so that helped."
"When I said you already knew everything of importance," Sherlock said. He looked steadily at John. "I meant the things I could remember."
At what point would Lestrade have deemed it necessary to gift John with an extended cut of a video he already had in his possession, an extended cut that included nothing of note beyond a few extra moments of Sherlock running his mouth?
"Bit unlike you, yeah?" John joked weakly, still holding Sherlock's hands in his. "If it had been anyone else breaking in to have a look at a corpse on the floor, you'd have taken their head off for disturbing the evidence."
"Forget it," John said. "Stupid idea. Anyway. You already had the ring, yeah? Janine's size and everything. More convenient that way. You'd have had to get another one for me. Not that—not that I could have helped you with this anyway. And then you'd have two useless rings lying around instead of just one. Expensive. So."
"Don't worry," the receptionist assured them. "We help loads of people in the same situation. Pete really is a wonderful teacher."
(John's hand on his shoulder, his fingers at his neck, taking his pulse. His arm around Sherlock's waist, supporting him as they walked from sitting room to kitchen to bedroom. The warm strong soothing heat of him.)
John smiles in spite of himself. "No. God, no. It was just after our first storm season. Sherlock had been tapped to speak at some convention about storm preparedness—whoever had asked him clearly didn't know him well or they wouldn't have asked—and he'd somehow managed to talk me into going with him."
"Oh, hello you," Molly said, smiling, a genuine smile, the nervousness and tension bleeding away from her expression. She shifted, gave Rosie her full attention. "Look at that pretty dress—"
"One day," he says, firmer this time. He meets Sherlock's gaze again, holds it. "I'll give you one day. One day to get Redbeard in the air."
He sighed, aimed a longing glance in the direction of his abandoned microscope, and settled himself on the sofa. He took up a bit more space than entirely necessary.
He waved her off, looked back down at his drink. He ought to stop, he thought. It was time to go back to his hotel room. Alone. But, on the other hand, now that his morning conference had been cancelled, he did not have any reason to wake up early. It was nice, in a way, being flirted at. Even if he had no intention of following through.
John opened his eyes, lay staring at the ceiling, breathing hard. He had been dreaming of Afghanistan. That didn't happen very often. Not anymore.
He took another deep breath, lifted his head up. Looked at the mess that had been made of his bedsit, his meagre belongings spilled carelessly across the floor.
He climbs behind the wheel and regards the dog in the rear view mirror. Wonders if he has made a terrible mistake.
His words. His own words, spoken in the hush of his darkened bedroom, to the spectre in the shadows.
Lestrade sighed, ran a hand through his hair. "I think I'm about done here. If you're right, they're going to need me upstairs in a few minutes."
John's faith in him had never wavered. He'd been certain that Sherlock would figure it out. He'd been so sure, right up until the end. Sherlock Holmes worked miracles.
There were two rings laid out side by side on a scrap of dark velvet. They gleamed under the lights.
"Exactly." Sherlock says. "But something in his demeanor must have spooked the horse. Good boy," he strokes the horse's nose. "When they examine the corpse, I'm sure they'll find that the injury to Straker's skull was caused by a kick to the head."
John glanced around. There were fewer people on the pavement than normal thanks to the rain, but he was unable to avoid turning a suspicious eye on those that remained.
"Right. Well. We're gathered here today to celebrate the union of Sherlock Holmes and Janine Hawkins in holy matrimony. Or whatever."
It took John a moment to process what Sherlock was saying. The conversation they'd had, the long night that had felt terribly final. John speaking until his mouth ran dry, Sherlock's laboured breaths coming over the line.
for God's sake. He'd looked at John with a searching, pleading expression, and John had no idea what it was that he wanted, what on earth he thought John could possibly give him.
John shifted his right hand where it covered Sherlock's left, his fingers brushing up against warm metal.
No. To be honest, he'd been wearing that expression before the phone call, he'd been wearing that expression for three full days, ever since Rosie had told them—
"The pink lady. 'A Study in Pink.' The first case we—well—" John smiled, looked away. "That's my favourite."
It was not the sparse, unoccupied space he occasionally kipped in after a long case. There were piles of books and papers on the little desk, wardrobe open and stuffed haphazardly with clothing, shoes tucked under the bed. A half-crushed pack of cigarettes on the windowsill.
? When Sherlock had offered to teach him how to dance, he'd given no indication that it was something he actually
John was back at Baker Street. He had missed John, while he was away. Had he ever said so? He lost track, sometimes, of the things he thought and the things he said out loud.
Sherlock gave a heavy sigh, and John supposed it might have sounded long-suffering and haughty were it not weakened by pain.
Sherlock said nothing more, just went on watching him. It was difficult to parse the expression on his face.
That is—unexpected. Not entirely, of course, John has always had a streak of macabre humour. But Sherlock would not expect it to manifest here. Not here.
Reginald Teller had succumbed to his severe ragwort allergy mere moments after exchanging his first kiss with his new bride.
He waited until the hot flush of guilt and shame had abated. The last time he'd spoken with Olivia St Clair, he'd carefully misled her into talking about her husband. She'd been brimming with fresh grief and had believed she was opening her heart up to a new friend. One who understood her. One who could empathise with her situation.
"Lestrade's going to be angry when he finds out you've been lying about all this," John said, finally.
"Coincidence, I suppose," Sherlock said. He stepped closer, close enough that John could feel the chill of the night air clinging to his skin. "Just one of many."
"Tell him I'm sorry, yeah?" John closed his eyes, pinched his nose. Breathed. Thought about Sherlock's face, bruised and open and searching. "If you could just—"
"This is Dr Hooper,“ she said. "We’ve had an incident in the morgue. An attendant has been injured. He’s all right, but he’ll need medical attention. Please send someone.”
John headed him off. "Nope, no, none of that. It's your stag night, you're staying and having a drink. Or ten."
Set sometime in S1 or early S2. John finds something of surprising value while on a case with Sherlock.
Sherlock shut his eyes for a moment. Tipped his head back with a soft little sound in the back of his throat. It might've been frustration, that sound. Irritation. Sorrow. Regret. Despair. John had no real idea.
"I want you to promise me that you’ll look out for your brother. That you’ll be there for him, whenever he needs you. And he will. Need you.“ She’d smiled, stroked his head again. "He’ll look up to you.”
It is quite clearly a prank, and not a particularly interesting one. For God's sake, it's not as if the damn thing has got up and walked off on its own.
And how Sherlock had stood by his side through all of it, a convenient scapegoat. How he'd stood and absorbed John's anger, his grief and his guilt. He'd taken it all, and he'd not thrown any of it back in John's face, even though he'd—even though—
He scanned the growing crowd, skimming over several women in dresses and heels, looking for Molly Hooper.
"No," John said, too quickly. He laughed at himself, looked up at the ceiling. "No, I think—I'm fine right here."
"Greg." He breathed out. The knot in his chest tightened and then relaxed.  "You and Greg. Of course. Right. That's good."
Sherlock blinks, frowns at him. John has his coat on, Rosie balanced on his hip. His face is tired and lined.
Except—Victoria wasn't in on the scheme. She seemed to be playing her own strange little game. And John did not like it. Did not like
The pony follows them. It seems friendly, butting its head against John's arm. He gives it a gentle pat on the neck.
Um. Have anyone in her life right now. Besides me. Who might care about that." His voice cracked and he looked away, stared down at the table.
John brought them back to the inn, held onto Sherlock's arm and walked him up the stairs and down the hall towards their room.
There was no reason to stay. Not the sort of thing he'd be welcome for, really. John had made his position clear, recent thaw notwithstanding (hmm, perhaps best to avoid freezing metaphors for the time being). He'd not want Sherlock . . . hovering about, especially on the heels of hours upon hours of uncomfortable forced proximity.
"John—" Sherlock hesitated. "While I was away, I wasn't—I didn't—I failed. Again and again, over and over. Someone knew my every move, seemingly before I made it."
John clicked through the articles, looked at the photos. There were several shots of Sherlock Holmes, looking tall and haughty and unapproachable, the collar of his greatcoat turned up. He was scowling, always scowling.
"Still," John said, his voice cutting in through Sherlock's thoughts. "Can't have been easy. House burning down."
Sherlock's thoughts on rural locations and crime are lifted from ACD's "Adventure of the Copper Beeches", though he's significantly more gleeful about the prospect than his canon counterpart.
"I'm not dead," John said, just to have something to say. "That's—surprising." His throat was dry, and his voice emerged graveled and hoarse. It seemed very loud in the close stillness that had enveloped them.
He'd cheated on his wife rather than admit he felt trapped and miserable behind the façade of the life they'd built (
The sound was muffled, indistinct. Sherlock's cheek pressed against cold hard ground. His legs did not want to work, his fingers stiff and useless.
He stands blinking at the counter where it should be for far too long. He opens the cabinets. Inside is a hodgepodge assortment of plates and dishes, the sort of things cobbled together after years of living alone. The cute, patterned dish sets that Mary had brought to the flat—that he'd watched her carefully unpack just yesterday—are not there.
Sherlock had held his gaze for a long moment. He'd reached out, picked up his water bottle from the night stand and taken a long swallow without ever once taking his eyes from John's. "It's not a secret," he'd said.
"I only mean," Sherlock said, still speaking slowly and softly, "that, before you know it, her demands will shift as well. You won't be spending whole days centered entirely around the purpose of keeping her alive. She'll go to school. She'll make—friends, I assume. She'll grow into an entirely separate person with her own purpose and you'll—" Sherlock hesitated, his mouth close to John's ear.
He thought of Sherlock Holmes, that famous dead detective. Soon to be dead for real if John couldn't do something to intervene. What would Sherlock make of this quiet tableau?
There would be tonight, he told himself. And then there would be tomorrow. And on Saturday, there would be a wedding, and all of this would be over. One way or another.  For better or for worse.
John turned away, no longer able to bear that gaze. He went to the sink, poured himself a glass of water, drank it down. He set the glass on the counter, slipped his phone out of his pocket. Spoke without turning back towards Sherlock. "I'll just be a minute."
There were noises in the background. Laughter. Happy babbling. The muffled sound of the telly. Rosie.
"Well—it—seemed a bit ridiculous at the time. But. Not so ridiculous now, I suppose." He shifted in his seat, looked out at the worn door to 221B, achingly familiar and welcoming.
John held his gaze for a moment, then looked back down at the rings. Tried to imagine either one of them on one of Sherlock's long fingers.
Sherlock blinked, looked towards the sound, then back at John. He opened his mouth, shut it again. Looked at their hands.
Sherlock threw the seat out into the drifting snow, slammed the rear door. He then hurried around the front of the car, briefly illuminated in the headlights.
He slipped his phone from his pocket, checked the time. Shifted against the seat cushions. There was an edgy restlessness in his limbs, a strange electric thrum in his veins. He jiggled his leg impatiently. Looked back down the hall towards the bathroom.
"Biscuits, John." Sherlock came towards him, moving quickly, with that startling grace he possessed. He bent down, picked up the box that John had dropped. "I don't like the plain ones."
John looked up. The man was standing over him, brushing crumbs off of his bloody posh coat. He looked oddly delighted, cheeks pinked, hair mussed.
"Sher," Rosie said. She squirmed in John's arms and he set her down on the ground, watched as she flung herself forward to grab at Sherlock's leg.
"Sorry to just drop in," John said. Perhaps he ought to start calling ahead, now that Janine was—now that Sherlock no longer lived alone.
John is beautiful, limned in blue light. In another lifetime, in someone else's story, he thinks he would quite like to kiss him. To immerse himself in a shimmering pirate fantasy, scratchy stubble and plundered treasure beneath the creaking bones of an ancient wreck.
John did not leave doors ajar. John closed them, and locked them. He had a toddler. He was not careless.
"The three of them probably wouldn't give me the time of day, except now I'm in the papers. They're all very eager for a taste of the limelight." She shot him another smile. "I'm just using it to my advantage."
When she turns back, he's holding out her keys again. This time she accepts them, hangs them carefully from the little hook she keeps by the door.
He thought about the look on Sherlock's face in the dressing room, his eyes wide, his pupils dilated, his hair mussed from Victoria's fingers, his lips swollen from Victoria's kisses. The maddening smudge of red lipstick.
He smiled, and it was a strange feeling, the way his lips curled up all of their own volition. John's very presence, angry and uncomfortable as it all was, had that effect on him.
She stepped away from him, picked up a dressing gown from the arm of the sofa and slipped into it. Turned back as she tied the sash, her eyes flashing. "You tell me. You're the one who asked for my help."
Behind her, the band kicked in to their first song, the sudden crash of drums and guitars drowning out whatever it was that Jeanette had been trying to say.
The flat was sleepy and silent around him. It was surreal, strange, his heart pounding an elated beat against his ribs, adrenaline coursing through his veins, the very air sparking with electricity. He felt young again, young and vibrant, thrumming with an irrational nervous tension, a fear of being caught.
It was two days 'til Christmas, and the surgery had closed its doors three hours early for a staff party.
Sherlock stared at his drink as if it had personally offended him. Lestrade went to buy another round.
There was a web stretched between the wall and the showerhead, beads of moisture clinging to gossamer strands.
John jolted a little in his seat, his head snapping back up. He looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock had turned his face towards the bar.
"Well," John said. He patted his hands on his knees, stood up. Smiled tightly. "Seems like you've got this all sorted out. So I'll just—"
He rolled his eyes, looked at her, unwilling to be dragged into an argument about drinking. And it would be an argument, he knew, no matter how innocuously it started out. Even just
John shut off the tap, frowned. "Well, no, I suppose not. Lestrade would probably—there are rules about that sort of thing. Personal involvement. Officially, anyway." He huffed out a laugh, shook his head. "Not that you ever really do anything officially."
Sherlock blinked again. Thought again about that long-ago moment—John and Mrs Hudson, standing just a shade too close. Mrs Hudson speaking in a low voice, her hand on John's arm, her gestures tender but her expression fierce.
He stood in the shadows and watched the building, the little flickers of light behind small windows, signs of life within. John was somewhere inside one of those small boxes, going about his evening routine.
wrong, and he had no idea what to do about it. What to say. Where to even begin. He never knew, it seemed. Not about things like this. Not when it came to John. Not when it counted.
had it all under control; he'd been quietly gathering evidence and recording interactions the whole time, had clocked on to Moriarty from the very beginning while John was left simmering in a bitter stew of resentment.
"Baker Street," John agreed. After a brief hesitation, he took Sherlock's hand, curled his chilled fingers against Sherlock's gloved ones.
And John knew he should not encourage this, he shouldn't slip one hand up into Sherlock's wind-tousled hair and pull him even closer, he shouldn't angle himself with his back against the cold metal railing so that he could stop wasting valuable energy on the struggle to remain upright and instead focus on the soft inexpert press of Sherlock's lips against his own, the warm humid puffs of Sherlock's breath against his face, the tentative slide of Sherlock's tongue, the heat of Sherlock's skin through the thin material of his shirt where John's other hand had come to rest at the small of his back.
Harry's eyes are red-rimmed when he returns home. She sits in an angry ball on the couch, her arms folded over her knees.
After a moment, Sherlock straightened his shoulders, looked away. When he spoke again, his voice was brusque, all business. "So. Eurus's interest in you goes back further than I thought. Without more data, I have no way of knowing exactly why she chose to position herself in your path."
Over her shoulder, Molly smiled and nodded, ended her brief conversation. She turned away, stepping carefully in her heels, and disappeared into the rippling crowd.
A larger crowd is gathering against the glass to his left. Topside, the attendant who fitted him with the suit and mask has almost certainly discovered his deception.
John looked at him and thought, oddly, of Sherlock's face when he'd asked him to be his best man. That blank, shocked expression. The endless blinking. The confusion. He'd been stopped cold by the words
At the top of the stairs, he put his hand against the smooth familiar wood of his old bedroom door. Pushed his way inside. Reached for the lamp, hesitated.
Rosie giggles, makes a little humming noise, turns her face into John's neck. She is an enthusiastic co-conspirator for sure, but terrible at keeping a secret.
The man lifts his head, squares off his rounded shoulders. He's got ill-fitting spectacles, the frames sliding down his nose. His mouth is pursed, giving the vague hint of bucked teeth.
Years of therapy. And all it took was a dodgy internet connection and an overreaction to a pushy IT tech. Amazing.
John shut his eyes. The woman had already been a sobbing mess, and Sherlock running his mouth had only made it worse.
Sherlock is not much for shopping, and he'd sooner shout down to Mrs Hudson for a sandwich than take Rosie somewhere for lunch.
And he was damned if he was going to resent his blameless daughter for his own failures. He'd already wrought enough damage on her early months.
Sherlock is warm and solid and his nose is cold but his lips are soft, at once eager and tentative. He kisses like he doesn't quite know what to do with himself, his hands curled tight around John's upper arms, holding him in place.
Molly reached for her, took her gently from Sherlock's arms. Rosie latched onto her, buried her face against Molly's neck.
John jumped, regardless. He was pinching the edge of the baseball card between his fingers. His knuckles had gone white.
He abhors sentiment. That does not mean he does not feel it. Love is destructive, but he is not immune to its effects.
He blew her a kiss, swung around the side of the table, still in-character, still seductive and a bit ridiculous and moving in a way that he hoped was at once conspicuous and utterly nonthreatening.
John sighed again, turned around. The rain had flattened Sherlock's hair against his skull. The effect was oddly charming.
John opened his mouth to argue, instead betrayed himself with another full-body shiver. His shirt clung to him, wet and frigid against his skin. His jeans were sodden, his shoes squelching with every move. He could not deny the chill that had seeped into his bones.
Lestrade seems to find the circumstances surrounding Sherlock and Harry's cohabitation to be an inexplicable source of amusement. It has grown tiresome.
"Right," he said, ducking another projectile spoon. Rosie had startlingly accurate aim. "Good. Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks for that."
Sherlock ignored him, moved the files to the coffee table. Sat down and pulled his knees under his chin. Stared at the telly.
He watched the people around him eat their meals, drink their wine, slide into comfortable conversations. They ate dessert and paid and were summarily replaced with new people. He did not know how much time had passed.
Sherlock shrugged. He thought it likely that John took a small degree of satisfaction in the fact that he wasn't as spry as he used to be.
"No," Sherlock said. "He'd just put his daughter to bed and he'd not risk waking her. The telly might have been on, but he'd have kept the volume low. It shouldn't have been enough."
It had been the next day, John recalled. He'd gone to the SIS building and delivered his message, not to Lady Smallwood but to Vivian Norbury. Moriarty had shown up at the surgery almost immediately after, posing as Jim-from-IT and sniffing around John's laptop, feeling him out. And Mary, Mary had slotted into the receptionist position the very next day, easily disarming him with her quick wit and warm smile.
Sherlock shut his eyes, breathed out hard through clenched teeth. Stood up and let the full length of the coat spill out of the bag. There was a scarf draped around the neck; dark blue cashmere.
face is right there. His hands are on John's shoulders, his touch burning through the fabric of his shirt. He is speaking, the words muddled and indistinct.
It hadn't made sense, the way he'd just given up, gone back to his solitary life with only the most cursory of efforts.
John liked the way he looked, trembling but restrained, something wild fraying the edges of his tightly wound composure.
His waning adrenaline yielded to a satisfying rush of anger, and he opened the message without bothering to read the attached patient information. He half-hoped it would turn out to be some hapless bloke with a rash, something dull, something ordinary. Something to remind him that, whatever had happened to him that morning, it was not his life.
The barista had looked right through him, and he'd felt old, and foolish, and then he'd thought of Eurus. He'd thought of her smiling face and her bright eyes and the way she'd leaned towards him on that bus, the way she'd hung on his every word.
John was so unprepared to hear this that it took him a good several seconds to realise that Greg was not, in fact, confessing to a crime, but rather was discussing a scheme of a more romantic nature.
"Oh, no, you look very nice dear," she said. She pressed a hand against her mouth, sighed. "He's decided to go through with it, then? I'd thought perhaps—"
Sherlock opens his mouth, likely to protest that scientific curiosity is more than enough purpose. For him, it always has been. Likely always will.
Sherlock snorted, huffed out a surprised little laugh just as John had intended. "Go get your daughter, John," he said. "Take her home. Get some sleep. Tomorrow we catch a killer."
"You did the best you could with the situation. You ensured her needs were met. You recognised that you were unable to fulfill your duties towards her at the time and made sure she was cared for by someone who could."
"Thank you," John said. "For everything you've done. I know you don't want to—I know that's not what you want to hear from me. But it's—it's the best I can do, right now. So."
"You dropped this," Sherlock said, passing her a phone. Their fingers brushed. "I took the liberty of adding my number. In case we need to discuss . . . logistics. Later."
"All right," she says. She does not believe him, but she lets the subject drop. He is grateful for that.
He obliged. She sat next to him on the floor in her bedroom, her little hands braced on his leg so she could lean forward and look at the pages as he turned.
He ducked his head against the persistent drizzling rain and waved down a cab, slid gratefully into the back seat of the first one that pulled up along the kerb.
"That's—" he paused. Looked at the cartons of milk lined up before him. "Well. 'Fun' is one word for it, sure."
He shut his eyes again. He did not want to think about it. Eventually it would need to be aired. A decision would need to be reached. But for the moment he—he just—
Sherlock frowns. He tucks his chin in a bit, his face hardening and softening at the same time. It is a peculiar expression. "Yes," he says.
Mrs Hudson's hand curled around his arm, her palm cool. He turned, startled, to find her looking quite seriously at him, her eyes bright.
John sighed. "Right. Exclamation points, no shouting. Got it." He looked from Sherlock to Janine. "Well. When is it, then? I'll need the details if I'm expected to write about it."
Sherlock snorted. The silence that fell between them was companionable, but charged with something that John could not quite identify.
John opens his mouth, shuts it again. He cannot find words. He finds himself staring at the black barrel of the Storm Spider, gleaming in the sunlight. There is a beautifully airbrushed spider crawling up the side, a funnel-shaped web below it.
He is in the sitting room at the Baker Street flat. It is as he remembers it, cluttered and comfortable.
He looked at tall windows and spacious kitchens and bedrooms with tastefully painted walls and he wondered how he was ever supposed to manage to care about any of it. It was, he thought, the sort of thing he ought to care about. He should want to make a home.
"I'm sorry," he said, when the sitter opened the door. "I know I was meant to pick her up last night. There was a medical emergency at the clinic—"
John pressed his lips together, shifted where he sat. "Well. You've certainly got the whole bickering thing down to a science. Very convincing."
The air around him seemed to curdle. He shifted in the narrow bed, winced as a bolt of agony shot through his chest.
"Mm," he agreed. His voice was mild. "Seemed to find it amusing. Took a photograph before she left. I'm sure it will surface again at a most inconvenient time. Like I said, bad idea."
John jolted where he sat, smiled in spite of himself, scrubbed his hands over his face. "Christ, Sherlock, I thought you were sleeping."
One word to Mycroft, he knew, and she'd be spirited off somewhere. Issued a new identity. Sent blinking and unprepared into a new life, one he'd never wanted for her. He'd never see her again. John would never see her again.
It was difficult to get a sense of Winston or Robert's personalities from photographs. There were countless shots of the pair together—in their home, out at dinner, on vacation. Smiles all around. Were they genuine? He could see nothing to suggest otherwise. Perhaps Sherlock would have a different opinion on their body language.
He should have stayed away. They would die now, all of them, starting with John. There would be no gunshots, no knives, no kidnappings. No dramatic hail of bullets. Just the soft whisper of feather-light legs against skin, a pinch and a slip of venom. Again and again and again until it was all over.
"Hi," John echoed, a little bewildered. He'd met her a handful of times at Baker Street, of course, but hadn't been under the impression that she and Sherlock were particularly close.
"Of course," Sherlock says. He goes to Rosie, who is bright-eyed and mischievous and covered in sticky bits of egg. She lets out a maniacal giggle and knocks over her cup of water.
There was no answer. No rustle of motion within. He tried the knob and, finding it unlocked, pushed his way into the little office.
He blinked. Blinked again. His face felt hot, his skin uncomfortably flushed. He swallowed. "If you use dishes, be sure to do the washing up. Mrs Hudson has been on the warpath."
"Hi," John said. The phone was warm against his ear. There was a strange urge to laugh bubbling up from somewhere deep in his chest. He tamped it back down.
John did laugh at that, his head tipping back a little. When his eyes opened they were still damp, swimming with emotion. "No."
They are attracting an audience, he knows. He also knows he should be embarrassed by this. But Mary is blinking at him with something that looks like genuine confusion, confusion edging on fear, and he cannot bring himself to care what anyone else might be thinking.
"One might wonder why I bothered with it all," Sherlock said. Something hot and angry burned at the back of his throat. He swallowed, hard. "The subterfuge, the investigation, the general unpleasantness of extracting his confession. Why, when I could have just asked you to have one of your pet assassins dispatch him for me? Suppose I'll keep the option open for the next serial killer I encounter. They
"It's good to see you," Lestrade said. He reached out, as if to clap Sherlock on the shoulder, then seemed to think better of it and froze with his hand halfway extended.
Was he remembering correctly, or was his mind supplying what he wanted to see? He'd have had no reason to waste precious memory space preserving minute details of an ordinary morning interaction.
It did not make it better. She didn't know what would. She'd started to fear that nothing ever could.
Sherlock's lip twitched. He made an amused sound. His face was sharp and deeply shadowed under the streetlamps.
No reason to reach out, now. His text would most likely sit unread and unanswered, and it would be exactly what he deserved.
He takes a step towards the car, follows with another step. His feet are moving, this is good. He pointedly does not lift his head towards the sky, does not scan the clouds for a last glimpse.
John studied him, took in the dark-shadowed eyes, the creased brow. Wondered how he had not noticed, before, how much this seemed to be taking out of him.
John squinted. The man was unkempt—long matted hair, gaunt dirty face. His eyes were bright, intense, disconcertingly pale. There was a dark patch on his forehead, leaking down from his hairline. Possibly blood, John thought. It was hard to say with the shadows.
"There are lives that can be saved," Mycroft had said, looking uncomfortable. "Entire wars can be averted."
They were a grounding weight, those hands, even when he touched lightly. Nothing like the fleeting gossamer kiss of the spider.
"We had a storm shelter out back. Mycroft carried me through the door and sprinted for it. I'd never seen him move so fast in his life. It was dark, and difficult to see, but the sky was—" he'd stopped, had stared up at the ceiling for a long moment. "It was right on top of us. And the sound. You're familiar with the sound, of course."
Sherlock sets her down on the ground and shoos her back towards the sitting room. She twists away from him, darts through his legs, bolts towards his bedroom instead. He gives chase, skids to a halt as the bathroom door opens and John steps out in a cloud of steam.
That bewildered, stunned anger had thrown a bucket of cold water on John's own half-inebriated irritation. He hadn't wanted them to shout at each other. He hadn't wanted to upset Sherlock, or to hurt him, and yet that was exactly what he'd done. What he kept doing, over and over.
"Besides," Sherlock said, lifting his head. There was a strange expression on his face—a little strained, a little lost. He offered a thin smile. "It took seven bakeries to find your cake. Even—even Mary grew a bit bored with the whole thing, by the end."
He turned, set the violin back down. John was standing in the kitchen, Rosie limp and sleepy in his arms. She'd been bathed and dried, dressed in soft pyjamas.
John stared at him. A bead of sweat slipped down the back of his neck and carved an icy trail between his shoulder blades. The man was telling the truth. He was almost certain.
"And I've been—yeah, all right. I know I've been acting a little—off. Lately. Because I've been trying to wrap my head around this—around the fact that the biggest arsehole I've ever met is also the single most important person in my life, and I don't know how it's gotten to the point where I can't live without you, but it has and—Christ—" John stopped talking abruptly, pressed his lips together. Looked up at the ceiling.
"They've known all along," Sherlock said. "This whole time. Possibly before I even left. If they meant to carry out Moriarty's threat, they would have done so."
"Lady Smallwood's secretary," he said. "Vivian Norbury. And, apparently, the source of our mysterious leak."
"Stop," John says. "This isn't—that's not what I mean. What I'm trying to say is that the next time I had any real awareness of where I was, I was in the passenger seat of Lestrade's car. He drove me to the hospital, even though we both knew there was no point. I was in his car, Sherlock, and I can still remember the way the leather seat felt—it was old, yeah? There was a little crack in the leather along the seams and I couldn't leave it alone. I kept running my thumb across it, over and over. And he had this pine air freshener, and I still can't—I can't smell that scent without feeling sick. His brakes squeal, you know? Mary's blood was drying on my hands, my shirt, my jeans, and all I could think about was that—that
The horse in the next stall over stretches is head towards him, nickers softly. He turns to regard it.
"John, please shut up," Sherlock said, and there was something almost giddily unrestrained in his voice. His hands fluttered helplessly in front of John's shirt before settling on the buttons, working them free with a single-minded intensity.
It was his madman, the man from the plane, the man from the café, the man who had only haunted his bloody dreams for the last several months. He was as attractive as John remembered, all sharp angles and tousled hair and bright eyes.
And yet it troubles him, when he takes his leave of Baker Street, when he heads out into the night with Rosie bundled up in his arms, when he looks back over his shoulder to see Sherlock silhouetted in the window, tall and proud and so very solitary.
He wondered if he'd said something wrong, scared off the shy florist. It was stupid, though. He was just a guy, right? Just an acquaintance. He wasn't some school boy with a crush.
“One moment!” he cried, then quickly returned the hive to it's normal state and left the greenhouse.
“John Watson.” Holmes swallows. Without warning, a terrible electric current courses through his body. It's the worst physical pain he's ever felt. He's unable to breathe, only convulse. Then it ends. HE trembles, gulping in air.
“So many new and interesting cases,” Watson says one day. “I wish I could write more of them, though I think the general public would find them unacceptable.”
“We don't currently have a patient named Harry Watson, but it does say he was here. . . .hold on one moment Doctor Watson.”
ever since he'd first stumbled upon it that night. He couldn't quite get the awkward florist out of his head.
The pain of his arm and wrist returns, assuring him he is, in fact, not dead. But he also feels blankets around him, and a mattress beneath him, a mattress and blankets that feel suspiciously like the ones he and Watson share.
“Oh, of course,” John said, rather disappointed. Sherlock stood and put his jacket on, and they awkwardly shook hands. “Thanks for the tea,” John said. “It's delicious. You should put it in the shop.”
Digging wise, it only took about twenty minutes. John had certainly done worse, but he was covered in dirt and grime by the time the tip of his shovel hit a solid mass in the ground.
His eyes flutter open heavily. He knows the voice, of course, but is it real, or a fabrication of his feverish mind?
“Your boyfriend's gone right insane,” Irene remarked as she peered out the window. “Crouching down in the street like a bloody bum looking for change.”
flowers here—in rows on tables and under special lights and in little boxes and hanging from the ceiling. All thriving, all in their prime—not a single specimen shriveled or drooping. He'd never seen anything like it.
The place had come with all the furniture, so at least he didn't have to worry about that. He walked up the creaky stairs to the second floor and peered into the master bedroom.
“What will we do?” Watson finally says faintly. Holmes has already formed his plan, and he knows it will be a difficult one. There is an overwhelming sadness that crushes him as he looks into Watson's face and prepares himself to lie.
“No,” Sherlock said, surprising both himself and John. “I mean, maybe I can help. You could tell me. . .over coffee? It's my lunch break anyway.” He didn't really have a lunch break.
The final straw that seemed to snap the entire town into their rampage happened in December of 1866, when the Thorne's had the audacity to hold their own small, Evangelical ceremony in their home rather than attend the usual Catholic church.
“Maybe it was just inevitable,” Sherlock yawned. “I mean, did you really stop outside my flat by mistake?”
And when Holmes lays in his cell that night, shadows filling in around him, he thinks of the parish again.
The thought makes him smile a bit because—well he is a madman, isn't he? That's what Watson calls him; a mad genius. Only, the term is more endearing from his lips.
Now, after prison, not only is he thinner and meeker, the torture he had experienced yesterday (was it yesterday? This morning?) has taken a much greater toll. He can feel his chest beginning to freeze.
“I'm sorry. It was a necessary detail. I knew if I informed you of my plan, you would stop it.” Watson nods, for this is true. Yet he feels like he is on the wrong side of the bars. He should be with Holmes, by his side as he always is, through every danger.
His tenant was gone, and 23A was spotlessly clean. John asked Violet if she had gone in and done it, but she shook her head.
Watson has spoken to him about electroshock before—he's said it's almost definitely futile, and the theory behind it holds no water. Holmes, as ever, trusts his medical opinion. So inverting him cannot be the goal.
The Yard take care of their investigation quietly, despite the public's demand for information. It comes time that the Yard must question both men.
They are from Mycroft and Watson. They contain news of the outside world and more coded messages. Holmes replies to them diligently.
Holmes writes back to this immediately. He tells Watson he has not experienced any abuse, at least not any extra, and that the Gothic architecture of the prison is really very pretty, and tries to make it generally sound a bit brighter.
The song sends Hugo into hysterics, and the man clutches his stomach as he chuckles uncontrollably. Holmes just blocks the sound from his ears.
“I didn't take you for a hard drinker,” John said teasingly as Sherlock sipped his very iced beverage.
Lestrade does so, hearing every echo of his shoes hit the floor in the silent room. He walks through the door and nods to the man, who gives a nod back and moves away.
Serving his sentence by using it as a case makes Holmes smile slightly. He really is very good at making the best of situations, though, he misses Watson terribly.
He dreams John reaches for him, and he reaches back, but then his body is too weak to grab his hand. “I don't want to go,” he says, but Watson is already too far away for him to reach.
Labor circulates. When it is his turn, he follows a guard out of his cell and outside, where he is usually to move stones about. It is difficult because of the strength he lost to his fever, and he goes slowly. He knows if he were to collapse, they would not save him.
“I know you do not feel well,” he says, “but you need this. You've been coughing.” Holmes sits up weakly and thanks him, managing a small smile. He knows many other people here would've scarfed his supper down before he could even wake.
The man cannot be much older than him—maybe forty-two, though his tired features age him. He is of an African complexion—though Holmes notices, to his surprise, that the man's eyes are green.
Heiod and Jeremiah heard of the incident and were able to escape south, supposedly to London. The photograph you found was of Isebelle Thorne, the year she was murdered.”
Please keep in mind that Bedlam, like all the locations in this story, was a real place and therefore liberties are taken regarding what I say about it. Most of these things are taken from stories in asylums all over the world at that time. It's perfectly true that women were taken to asylums often for expressing grief. Other things in the story are vaguely accurate as well. Bedlam was a horrific place, though I couldn't find anything saying they used electroshock.
Though he told Watson vehemently that the reason he did not correspond with him during his time abroad was because he feared
It is true. Many a time he has given grace to a criminal. That is just one reason he never did become a real detective—he obstructed justice and broke the law almost as often as he aided justice and enforced the law.
He tries not to gag on the smell as he is led to a cell, and he is surprised to see there are multiple people already occupying it—not only another man, but a young women also.
“So you're telling me you grow weed in your apartment to study it and you've never tried it before?”
“It's too light in here,” Sherlock complained. He hazardously tripped his way to the light switch and turned it off. That left them in complete darkness. So he turned it back on, rummaged around for a candle, lit it, and turned the lights back off.
“I thought I'd bring you this, since you like peppermint and roses,” he said, not bothering to explain how he knew. “I've just started drying herbs to make tea with, and this is a new flavour, petals of
“This garden's amazing, Mrs Hudson,” John said when she'd proudly shown him some sparkling petunias one morning.
He reached for it, but wasn't tall enough. Cursing his height, he dragged an old trunk over and stood on top of it.
The doctor who had led them there nervously unlocks his cell door. Jennings steps out, brushing himself off.
At least he has Mr Smith and Miss Carpenter. At first he is silent, but their curious looks soon become too much.
There is screaming and weeping and sounds that Holmes can hardly believe are human at all, so terrible and desperate they are.
Watson's face peers down at him, all concern and hurt and too much for him to handle. He nearly weeps in relief.
At noon, a finely dressed man with a short trimmed black beard and handle bar mustache appears in a long coat. He goes to Holmes's cell, out of earshot of the guard, his face pressed closely against the bars.
He got a cab home instead, still in okay spirits despite his annoyance. He was home, it was going to be. . .weird, for a while, he knew that.
A new class of people bring him cases—people from the slums, people from the most despised parts of life. Whores and inverts and the poor, and he helps them all, given that they are of a fair character. Evidently, his recent jail sentence seems to have brought him an entirely new type of client—the criminal.
“Inspector, you look positively shaken,” Watson declares, taking the jacket from the Yarder's shoulders. “Are you feeling ill?”
He hadn't even gone to see the place before buying it—he'd looked at pictures online—but the thing was going for cheap and he wanted to get out of London before he lost his mind, and—why not? He couldn't live on his army pension forever, and his mother had always told him that one day she would buy an inn on a big hill and they'd live upstairs and know everyone in the little town beneath the hill.
Watson's heart hits the floor at the sight of Holmes passed out against the wall, bleeding and naked. He rushes to his side, shedding his coat to wrap around him and rifling through his medical bag.
He looked at stuff anyways. There was almost nothing personal here—no photographs or anything, just miscellaneous items. He was about to leave when he spotted something on a high shelf.
Quickly, he unearthed the very same cardboard box he'd watched Danvers bury the night before. Excitedly, he yanked it from the ground. It was surprisingly heavy—what was in here?
Holmes nods, not surprised by the story. By the color of the man's skin, he can easily tell why an alienist would misdiagnose his grief.
Covering his nose and mouth with his arm to stifle the smell of urine and vomit, he gradually falls asleep.
“We need to get to Sherlock,” Watson says anxiously, forgetting even to use his companions last name. “Where in God's name is Lestrade?”
Mycroft sent him here to help innocent people escape cruel treatment. He needs proof that the facility was unjust. How?
“Congratulations,” Holmes says, taking another drag. “I'm glad to hear you have both found your lives once more.”
“My dear,” Holmes says, and the words are quieter than he means them to be. He has done this. This is is his fault.
He didn't pry further, or talk to John about “rough patches” or anything like that, instead seemingly entirely understanding. He didn't need John to justify his behavior just because it wasn't normal. He just assumed that whatever it was, John needed to do it.
He had known his inclinations towards men since he was a boy, and for the most part he kept this part of him tucked away. He created an image of a sexless, loveless man. Though Watson wrote this, he did not buy into it himself.
Everything he usually took for granted became a fresh wonder to him. Hot tea and food, and warm water, and clean clothes. It seems almost too good to be true.
The thing he'd seen was apparently a very old looking Bible. The pages were peeling and yellow, the spine brown leather. He felt as though it might crumble in his hands.
This shocks Gregson a bit, and Holmes sees disgust crawl over his features, but ignores it. It is crucial to his plan that everyone in the Yard is aware of at least part of the truth.
“You feel rejected. You feel alone, afraid. You feel like an anomaly. God will use that. We are all His children, every one of us the same. My child, I promise you are not a mistake, you have not flown away from Him.”
John Watson pleads guilty (Holmes hears this from his cell one foggy morning). With Holmes's confession, there is no reason for a trial. His sentencing his scheduled for shortly after Holmes's.
“This will all be over soon,” Watson tells him. “And you will return to 221b, and all will be well again. You'll still write me?”
Then John would inevitably go find him, wandering around some lonely alley, already having forgotten he called. Birthdays were never a good time for Harry.
However, the idea of Sherlock growing weed illegally in his apartment solely for scientific research was kind of hilarious to John.
Jennings is several yards behind him, playing the part of severely disturbed man with astonishing commitment. He bursts into laughter and weeping at random, and murmurs of a dead wife. He does not talk to Holmes, or anyone, instead taking in his eyes a look of utter otherness, like he is not even seeing them.
Elijah and Elaine both peer over curiously, but do not say anything. Holmes takes out the journal and brings it discreetly to Jennings, who tucks it into his coat.
Holmes spots Watson in the crowd, and feels a familiar spark of comfort. He is, at least, not completely alone here.
When the villagers heard of this, they promptly stormed to Cross Road Lane, with pitchforks and torches, so to speak, and found three of the Thornes: Isebelle, James, and Young Isebelle.
So when Holmes did not return his letter, and a feeling settled in his gut that something was wrong, of course he rushed to find the problem.
Holmes had become much more renowned since the publication of Watson's stories, and even more now that he had apparently come back from the dead. The press wanted his opinion on the trial as a detective. He would not give it to them.
“I've got, erm, voicemails, on my phone from you. I think it might be about my brother, Harry Watson.”
The Inspector sits in the armchair across from Mycroft's and drums his fingers on the arm. He knows nearly nothing about Mycroft Holmes, except for Sherlock's scarce words about him, but from what he gathers, he is a very important person. This could very well be blackmail he is about to receive.
“It's rainy today. I fear the weather will only grow colder as the day goes on. I hope for sunshine tomorrow.”
But John figured his brother deserved some kind of remembrance, in some kind of way, and he tried to think of what they would do before Harry drank.
“Irene is a neuroscientist,” Sherlock said proudly. “She works at New Haven, studying child psychology.”
At first it was fine. Heiod and Jeremiah were adults, so they made a career of farming pretty nicely, and Isebelle (named for her mother) and her parents lived where the Watson Motel now sits, Cross Road Lane.
Detective Inspector Lestrade walks into the Diogenes Club and slips the man at the desk a note. The man nods with a curt expression and takes the dry, wrinkled piece of paper. He slips it into a drawer and gestures for Lestrade to move to the door.
“God have mercy,” Holmes mutters as the rat draws nearer. He swats at it, but misses. The huge black creature dives for his arm in wild rage. He yelps and swings his arm in an arc, the nasty omen keeping grip with a pair of razor teeth. Searing pain grips him and he finally manages to throw it off. It flies against the wall and dies instantly, lying at his feet. He grips his now bleeding forearm.
By the end of the week John had forgotten all about the old Bible in the attic and was focused once more on getting ready for his grand opening.
The door closed behind them, the little bell ringing cheerfully. John tried to get the heat out of his cheeks.
He doesn't speak of the torture—it is still too fresh in his mind, and he will not worry Watson anymore than he is already worried. But he does talk of Elijah Smith and Miss Carpenter, and he tells him their stories.
There is fighting, lots of it. Over food. Over words. Over tiny scraps of wood and metal. Over a bad look in someone's eyes.
If this has one benefit, it is the water. He gets a better wash moving the stones and sloshing through the mud than he has in months via cold baths. He even takes a hand and run it through his hair, shaking it.
His suitcase bounced about in the trunk, and he thought it probably damaged his laptop, a fear that crawled anxiously across his mind the remainder of the trip. He didn't have the money for a new one.
He thinks of Father Wentworth and God in the dark and he prays. He thinks of Watson and he prays harder.
He thinks of him sitting in 221b, safe and warm and not laying on straw and stone, shivering from the dampness. He thinks of Watson eating a hardy meal cooked up by Mrs Hudson and having a warm fire and a mattress and blankets to sleep with. It puts his heart at ease a bit.
One of the men shoves him into the chair and cuffs his hands and feet down. Panic settles over him, his hands growing clammy. He clenches and unclenches them.
“Coming!” he said, even though they probably couldn't hear. Putting the book back on the shelf, he hurried down the stairs and to the door.
Holmes sits and waits patiently for someone to tell him he has a visitor. He cannot understand what is keeping Watson from him.
Irene was gone when they got in, (probably fleeing to give them privacy) but Sherlock's flat was a hub of activity.
“You have questions about something,” he said decidedly. John's lips quirked up quickly. Sherlock committed the expression to memory.
Holmes gives it a drink of his water every day, deciding that nurturing it will be a helpful distraction. The small flower thrives under his careful care.
He must share a bunk with another man, something that causes him mild anxiety. He knows he is strong enough to hold his own against most of the men here, but he fears he could be overpowered if several people targeted him. It is entirely possible he will be recognized. He chooses to stay alert.
Really, John told himself, it was ridiculous. All they'd done was play cribbage, and. . .well, it wasn't
A bit startled, both men comply. Holmes has not seen the Inspector so shaken in a while, and it shocks him a bit. Something very grim indeed has happened. For a fleeting moment, he hopes perhaps it is just some outside tragedy the Yarder wants him to look into, but he can plainly see now from the tightened features of his face it is not so.
He writes everything in his journal, which he stuffs into a hole in his mattress at night. He writes to Mycroft, giving him only cryptic indications of the evidence he is gathering. He writes to Watson to give them both hope that he will soon be home.
Sherlock blinked, because the tone of voice that John had used was not one he'd ever heard. It was low and dark and—
His computer finished booting up. He looked down at it, frowned with excess concentration, slowly typed in his password. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sarah shift where she stood in the doorway. After a long moment, she turned and left the room.
He went up the stairs, moving slowly, very conscious of the sound of his footsteps, of the throb of his own heartbeat in his ears.
"Perhaps you ought to reconsider the low tar cigarettes. Doesn't seem they're doing you any favours," Sherlock had said, had turned once again to leave.
He shrugs, looks up at the ceiling. She knows he is thinking about Sherlock, about those two terrible years when they thought they'd lost him, about the way she'd kept the flat exactly as he'd left it that night.
"You know what?" He stood up. Reached for his coat. "I don't think—I think I need to take a break. From this. From all of this."
He stepped forward, put a hesitant trembling hand on John's shoulder. John reached up immediately to clasp it, his grip iron strong.
"No," Sherlock said, sitting up, the duvet dragging across his frame. The whisper of fabric seemed overloud to John. The bedspring creaked. "I am almost certain that I do not
Sherlock opens his mouth to explain, hesitates. John does not look particularly interested. John looks like he is being polite, like he is fulfilling an obligation, ticking a box.
Buccaneer is friendly. He wags his tail and sniffs John's palm and rolls over for belly rubs, tongue lolling out. John scratches him gently. His fur is silky soft.
"He wouldn’t want you to see him like this,“ she said. Tears spilled over her cheeks and she bit her lip again, looked down. "Please. I wish I hadn't—but—”
Rosie at sixteen, who was small and slight and sharp, who had almost certainly slipped out of the flat without her father's awareness.
"I need to know if anything is broken," Sherlock said. His voice sounded like it had been scraped raw. "Can I move you?"
Sherlock is smiling at him. It is a small, private smile. A genuine one, John thinks. He has clearly followed John's train of thought.
John felt suddenly quite exposed, as if his every thought, every confused muddled feeling was on display as he breathed in Sherlock's scent, as he swayed slowly in Sherlock's arms. He did not want Pete to see him as a kindred spirit. He did not want Pete's pity.
"I have to go, Harry," he said. His voice emerged rougher than he'd have liked. "I need to buy milk."
He turned off the telly, went up the stairs to his room. Flipped on the lamp next to his bed, started to turn down the duvet, stopped.
John tugged the little chair closer, dropped into it. Breathed out hard again. He did not seem to know what to do with his hands.
He sighed, went back out into the café. Mary was still at the little booth where he'd left her, sipping delicately at her coffee. She smiled widely when she saw him approaching.
The sight of John in Semtex had nearly brought him to his knees, even then, and he hadn't even known—
There, the words he'd dreaded and anticipated. The calm quiet comfortable end, the amicable parting. Meaningless words from those too polite to say goodbye.
"We're dead," Sherlock says. He smiles, a genuine, unbidden thing. "Well. I'm dead. You could be dead. If you want to be."
That smear of lipstick on Sherlock's neck. Christ, he'd wanted to bite it, wanted to lick it away, wanted to leave his own mark in its stead.
Sherlock's right hand went back to his pulse point, smoothing along the skin at his neck. His fingers quested, stilled as they found their target. His eyes did not leave John's. He shook his head, once, slowly.
"When you arrived at Baker Street, I had no idea your situation was quite so dire. I made assumptions about the degree of urgency. Assumptions that would allow me to time my arrival to guarantee maximum receptiveness."
"Slaney's," John said. His mouth had gone dry. He thought of the photographs from Janine's hen night, Janine and Pete clinking glasses beneath vivid pink neon. The photo had bothered him. He thought knew why.
"I know," John says, and he is smiling again, the expression infuriating because it simply makes no sense, there is no reason for it. "Just. You know. Kids can surprise you sometimes."
The flats she'd sent him were fine. No better or worse than the Chelmsford ones he'd looked at. More expensive, certainly, but he'd manage.
Well. Now everything about her irritated him. The delicate scent of her perfume clinging to the fabrics in 221B. The way she'd rearranged the contents of the kitchen cabinets to her liking. Her magazines on the coffee table. The sound of her heels—and why,
He took the skull back, feeling badly for the distressed sound she made at its loss. She watched him raptly as he carried it back to the mantel, set it back in its place. The hat was slightly damp. He doubted anyone would notice.
He was being snogged, quite thoroughly. Janine had her hands clenched in the lapels of his coat, was wrestling his head right up against the glass. She seemed to have caught him on the retreat. His head thumped back, once, twice, his curls crushed against the window.
His father had picked him up, walked towards the car, and Sherlock had watched over his shoulder as the box of puppies receded behind them, farther and farther and farther away—
John opened his mouth to ask what he meant, but then he heard it—distant but distinct. The steady throb of an approaching helicopter.
"I feel the need for a bit of fresh air," Mycroft said behind him, as maddeningly aware of his movements as ever. "Care to join me?"
He knew his unshaven face and red eyes branded him a liar. It would not take Sherlock Holmes to figure out that the only emergency he'd tended was at the bottom of a bottle.
An hour later, he tailed John and Mrs Hudson to the cemetery, stood a few paces back and watched them look at his grave. It was a handsome stone, shiny black. A fitting memorial for a private detective with a public image.
There was movement behind him, a heavy thrashing and splashing. Alarmed, John twisted on the ground, strained to see through the shadows.
John is aching and burning and imploding and Sherlock's soft hand cupping the back of his neck is gentle and steady and so terribly, terribly wrong.
Mrs Hudson had been on a decorating tear, putting up garland and fairy lights and baubles. Even his skull had gained a festive hat. He and John had escaped, had spent a mildly diverting evening out at the pub. John had eaten a pile of chips. Sherlock had swiped some from his plate while he wasn't watching. They'd come tromping home, had paused in the hallway to remove their coats, cold-cheeked but warm and loose with drink.
"'He had to keep Janine in the dark, of course,'" Janine said, pitching her voice high in an eerily accurate impression. "'But he needed someone to confide in, and so he turned to me.' Blah, blah, blah."
"Well," Sherlock said. "Since no one seems interested in offering up an explanation, perhaps you'll allow me?"
Sherlock lifts his head, blinks. He should be surprised to see John, he thinks. John is frequently surprising. But he does not feel surprised. Instead, there is only a distant, dull ache somewhere deep in his chest.
She came back up the stairs with her champagne and her little tray, and they shared them together over the kitchen table.
It wasn't John's fault, not really. It was his own. He'd seen his own disaster bearing down and had welcomed it, had not bothered to step out of the way.
Rosie made a grumpy noise against his neck as they reached the landing, shifted uncomfortably in his arms.
John reached for the door of the Baker Street flat at eight-thirty, the garment bag with his suit in it slung over his shoulder. He paused for a moment with his fingertips against the worn wood, looked around.
John watches him. He does not shift his balance, does not lean on his cane. It is forgotten in his hands.
Sherlock had turned away from the grass, had hunched his shoulders up near his ears. He stared intently down at his phone.
One of the spiders reached the edge of the bedding and thumped over the edge, scuttling towards him on the hardwood.
His movements were hasty, uncoordinated. He seemed frustrated, John thought, as if he'd expected the day's investigation to yield more than it had. Or—or as if Janine's interest in this Pete had struck a nerve.
He went back to work, spent the rest of the afternoon seeing patients who did not seem to mind his distracted demeanor. Or, if they minded, they did so quietly and without complaint. He found he did not much care which.
"She surprised you," John said. "You didn't see this coming. Somehow. And I think that's making it worse."
Rosie lifts the apple piece and puts it in her mouth, then spits it back into her hand. She lets it drop back onto the table with a soft plop.
) is on the front of all the papers. His name flashes on a scrolling red banner on the telly, interrupting the morning weather report. People in line at Tesco murmur about it amongst themselves.
He looked helplessly back at Rosie, who was still tapping on the table, still smiling, unaware that the earth had gone and shifted under his feet after all.
Sherlock waited by the window. He was not sure what to do with his hands. He regretted setting the violin aside.
Unbidden, he thought of Reginald Teller and his ill-fated bouquet, his bride-to-be's despairing social media post.
"Can we start over?" John said, a bit breathless. "Good morning. It's a nice fucking day outside, yeah? Let's go catch a killer."
Therefore, the person who dumped the body has access to the tank and knowledge of how and when to approach it unobserved. An employee.
He stared at her for a moment, wondered not for the first time how it had come to this, how he of all people had found himself reduced to an object of such contemptible pity.
"You like me," Sherlock added. The end of his sentence curled up slightly, not quite a question. He smiled, the expression hesitant, uncertain.
Sherlock was at once sneeringly dismissive and nauseatingly solicitous, cycling between personalities at a whiplash-inducing rate. He waxed rhapsodic about raspberries in one shop and declared himself repulsed by them in another. If Janine offered an opinion, he cut it down immediately. They shouted at one another. They stormed out into the street. Screaming rows and tearful apologies and passionate embraces followed in turn.
Sherlock's hand on his waist, his breath on John's face. The stumbling, halting start-stop of their steps, socked feet whispering against the aged sitting room rug. Sherlock had insisted he take his shoes off while he was learning. It had been uncomfortable, strangely intimate, to be that close. John had thought he might laugh, but he hadn't. They had both taken it quite seriously.
He goes home. His heart pounds against his ribs, a frantic pulse that seems to drum out Sherlock's name. He is cold. His palms are sweaty, and he wipes them against his trousers.
The kitchen smells faintly of burnt toast. His mug of tea is still warm, and he holds it without drinking. John is rumpled and bleary-eyed on the other side of the table, trying to coax a forkful of egg into Rosie's stubborn mouth.
"Here, help me carry this last one upstairs," John had said, and he'd gone up the stairs without another word.
John had not joined him on the sofa to offer his regrets or his embarrassed apologies. He'd sat down looking to continue where they'd left off. And now he was leaning back, putting distance between them and that was wrong. The situation needed to be rectified immediately.
"Oh yes," Sherlock said. He gave a pleased bounce on the balls of his feet. Rosie made another happy cooing sound, settled more firmly in his arms.
"I love you, you know," John says. It comes out almost casual, as if it is not momentous in the least to let these words slip past his lips. The words hang between them. "This is home to me, Sherlock. It always has been. Even when I'm not—even when I'm not here."
"There is no one tipping them off," Mycroft said. "We've been monitoring. You must be doing something to give yourself away."
The door at the top of the landing was open. He went through it into the sitting room. Stopped at the sight of Sherlock, sprawled across the sofa in his dressing gown and pyjamas.
"See, you always say that, and then you're pissed off when I don't order what you want," Janine said. She stood up, brandishing a menu like a weapon.
"I—" Sherlock says, and that is absurd because he really should be able to think of something better to say than that. But his face is hot, his heart is pounding against his ribs and though he has vowed to himself that he is willing to let John go, he is not ready for this to happen. Not yet.
Sometimes he appears at the table where John is sweating in his suit with a ring in his pocket, except he doesn't lead in with an elaborate ruse, he simply sits down in Mary's empty chair and puts his hands flat on the white tablecloth and says
Sherlock dropped his head back down to the pillow, kept his eyes open. They gleamed, pale and colourless, in the darkness.
She shook her head slowly, blinking, the same slow, bewildered look he often received from new people. "No. They—they fought. How did you--?"
John smiled down at him, and the expression took years off of him. It was a small smile, but bright, unfettered in a way he had not been in all the time Sherlock had known him. He extended a hand, helped Sherlock to his feet.
John said nothing, and so Sherlock said nothing. They stood facing each other as the water streamed over their scarred skin. The room had filled with steam.
"He's going to make me watch," Sherlock said, and he knew it was true as the words came out of his mouth.
Sherlock looks at him, and then looks away. In his dreams (the dreams he doesn't have) he sees the life vanish from John's eyes. It happens all at once, like flipping a switch.
"Oh," John says. He cuts his eyes towards Sherlock, then looks away, back to the glass and the rippling blue waters beyond it. "I've, um. Never really had much of an opinion on them."
John jumped, feeling inexplicably guilty. He glanced up. Sherlock had reached the other side of the room, was waiting for him at the doorway.
John shut his eyes against the water. Sherlock watched as rivulets ran down his neck and along his shoulders. He'd wanted to taste.
He is too accustomed to Sherlock by now, after all this time, to succumb to immediate panic. He sets the bag down on the kitchen table, goes back out into the hall, looks down the stairs.
"What are you working on?" John had asked, hesitating, wanting to go ahead and get their inevitable row over why he couldn't just ditch his plans based on Sherlock's whims over with.
He had. Christ, he had. All of the times he'd wanted Sherlock and had pushed down the words, all of the times he'd caught himself staring and had turned away. The way Sherlock was so careful with him in the months and years following his unlikely return from the dead, as if frightened of driving him off. Sherlock's face, pale and shocked, his hand outstretched towards John while Mary lay dying on the ground.
Sherlock had said, but that had been a lie, hadn't it, Mary had never been safe, not really, no matter how far and how long she ran—
"All right, yes, and you carry an illegal firearm," Sherlock says. He raises his own brows, a clear challenge. "I think that's enough to be going on with, don't you?"
"Yes," he said, finally, aware even as he was speaking that far too much time had gone by since she'd asked her question. "It has."
He'd stepped away. They'd gone inside, back up the stairs, bringing the chill of the winter night with them. Mrs Hudson had turned the radio on.
It's different, now, to think that he'll have to go on living, knowing that John is also living but forever out of reach. His capacity for selflessness only goes so far, it seems.
John opened his mouth, shut it again. Looked at Rosie, who had toddled over to Sherlock's chair and grabbed on to his trouser legs with chubby fists, crushing the material. She was grinning.
"You left him there," Mary said. She stepped out from the shadows next to his wardrobe, folded her arms, frowned at him. "Bit rude."
"Hi," John said, and his voice emerged strangely choked. He shifted from one foot to the other. "I know this is—I haven't—can I come inside? It's bloody freezing out here."
Marrying Sherlock had been stupid, perhaps one of the stupidest things he has ever done, and he thinks he probably (definitely) regrets it, but he'd done it because he'd been head over heels in love with the mad bastard and he'd wanted—desperately wanted—to keep him forever.
"John," Sherlock said, and he spoke slowly, as if addressing an idiot. "The last time I saw Irene Adler, she left me tied up in a vacant flat in Wapping."
Baker Street was warm. The hallway smelled of fresh-baked cookies and peppermint. He hung his coat, went up the stairs into the flat.
He looked at the stage and saw the baby who had flung her toys at him, the toddler who had invaded and subsequently taken over his home with noise and merry chaos, the little girl he'd taught and fretted over and come to love as helplessly and completely as if she'd been his own flesh and blood.
"Did you find something?" John asked, when they'd settled into their hired car, Sherlock navigating the dark and twisting roads as if he'd known them all his life.
Sherlock looked at him. Laughter bubbled up from somewhere deep in his chest and he made no effort to choke it back down. He took a stumbling step forward, reached for the zipper of John's coat. His face felt abnormally warm.
"Sorry," she said. She did not sound particularly sorry at all. "I'm already as dead as I'd like to be for the time being."
Sherlock, John knew, would have been able to deduce the caller's state of mind from those two rings.
Sherlock turned around. His gaze swept up and down, and John found himself wondering what Sherlock made of his decision to wear his wrinkled trousers. Sherlock's face gave nothing away.
The cabbie stopped at a red light, and Sherlock watched a man emerge from a storefront laden with shopping bags, a small child in a winter coat bounding ahead of him. The child had bouncing blond curls, was pink-cheeked and grinning.
All those little twitches, all those tiny tugs. Something caught up and flailing, disrupting all of that careful, careful work. And then, when the time is right—" he stepped back, snapped his gum loudly, grinned. It did not reach his eyes. "I strike."
"He's Sherlock Holmes, he doesn't make mistakes." John paused, then forced a stiff laugh, knowing it did little to cover up how bitter the words sounded.
He is grateful that Lynn Straker does not appear to have returned. He does not want to be present when she learns the truth.
Sherlock continues studying the sky. There is a little furrow of concentration between his brows. John used to kiss it away, sometimes.
She'd stared at him for a long time. Long enough that he'd wondered what might come next—more profanity, or the swing of a fist. Her knuckles were red. It would not be her first punch of the night.
John jumped, turned to look at him. Sherlock was wearing his politely blank face, the one he defaulted to in crowded rooms.
"Tell me about Rosie's case," Sherlock said softly, his words barely more than a gust of breath against John's ear.
John nodded, a quick jerk of his head. Breathed out through his teeth. "I was rude, yesterday. Shouldn't have been."
Sherlock sat forward, frowning, because they were all wrong. Instead of John's steady stride, these were lighter, quicker. Almost like—
John turned in his chair, watched her over his shoulder. She was lovely and bright-eyed, like any happy bride should be on her wedding day. In a few hours, she was going to put on that dress, and she was going to stand at the altar with Sherlock and they were going to fool everyone into thinking they were madly in love.
There had been people—he'd hated that, usually, but he hadn't minded. Not much. John had been stumbling and bumbling and trying to avoid offending his date, just one of the steady parade of ill-suited women he'd insisted on chasing. And there had been a mystery, a fine one, giftwrapped and left on the mantel courtesy of Irene Adler.
"Sorry," Sherlock says, not particularly sorry at all. He leaps to his feet, lifts the top of the cooler. Smiles when Alan flinches. "I presume you came back tonight looking for this."
Molly had stopped by, had looked at him with wordless quiet sympathy. Her mouth had pulled tight. She'd bundled Rosie up into a warm winter coat and taken her for the evening.
John blinked, shook his head. He looked more amused than horrified, which seemed a step in the right direction.
He looked back down at his phone. Sherlock had not texted about any case, but why would he? He didn't do that anymore.
not to be. It would be easier. If I wasn't. But I—am. Have been for a long time. And I think not being—not being honest. About that. Maybe is what's gotten us here in the first place."
"Of course not," John said. He rinsed another dish, set it down a bit more firmly than he'd intended. "Just Sherlock being Sherlock."
There were unread messages piled up. Olivia St Clair. He looked at the notifications, brushed aside a pang of guilt. Ignored them in favour of navigating to Christine Thomas's profile.
"So you solve things," Harry says as he comes through the door. Her voice is a little too bright, a little too interested.
It is fast, he knows. They have only known each other for six months. He supposes this is why she has taken the news of his not-entirely-finalized divorce in stride.
Sherlock had been sitting across from him in his chair, alternating between lengthy silences and rambling monologues on strange and seemingly unrelated topics. John had indulged him for a while, but had eventually found himself bored and restless. He'd gone to the window and watched the traffic creep by down on Baker Street, and his attention caught on a bundle of balloons tied to a table in front of Speedy's. He'd been seized with a fit of mischief—he'd always enjoyed teasing Sherlock, particularly in the odd moments when he found himself able to wrangle the upper hand—and so he'd gone downstairs and pilfered one of the balloons.
Sherlock looked at him. He did not look like John, not really. He wore his hair short, the way John had years ago. His face was mild and pleasant, not etched with sorrow or anger or guilt.
"There are plenty of inns in Tavistock," she says, looking him up and down. "Nicer places than this. The only reason anyone ever stays here is because of the horses." She seems to find his confusion amusing and winks at him. "The rooms overlook King's Pyland stables."
John awoke in the early morning feeling poorly rested and hungover, though he'd not had anything to drink the night before. He'd slept badly, his thoughts muddled and confused. He'd dreamt of Sherlock, and of Evan Bell, and of blood on the pavement in the shadow of Barts Hospital.
"Christ," John said. He moved closer, bumped up against Sherlock's shoulder. The night air was chilly against his face. He hesitated for a moment, and then reached out his hand, twined his fingers through Sherlock's.
John had turned away, heartsick, the feeling mingling with rage and disgust and horror. He'd gone home. He'd cleaned out the sink. He'd poured himself another drink.
She shook her head, continued on undeterred. "Your care is competent—more than competent, but your demeanor—"
had too much to drink that night. But he'd known what he was doing. They both had. They'd been giggling and kissing and John had felt lightweight and giddy; desperately, helplessly in love.
Sherlock thought, though a glance at John's face told him that might not be an appropriate response. "Ah," he offered instead.
He hadn't even been a part of their investigation, really. He hadn't been on the list of vendors they'd approached, hadn't had anything at all to do with the other weddings in an official capacity. They'd encountered him entirely by chance.
"The limping soldier, the jilted lover, the man who elected not to throw a punch," the man said. He was still smiling, but the expression had faded a bit into something sharp and curious.
"You've finally decided to act on your blatant interest," Sherlock said. "That's—good. Only took you five years, give or take." He paused, considered. "More like six."
His hands showed signs of it, red angry skin where his knuckles had scraped against wet stone. A torn fingernail on his left index finger. There was a tear in the knee of his trousers.
He sits back in his chair, looks at her. She does not need to finish her sentence. He knows quite well what comes after that
John lifts his head, blinks. Sherlock has settled into the chair across from him, his knees tucked under his chin. He has shed his suit jacket in favour of a blue dressing gown. His gaze is sharp, intent on John.
"Good," John said. He shut his eyes, breathed out through his nose. "Christ. Um. Do you—is there anyone? Anyone you're anxious to get back to?"
"No?" She laughed and nudged against his shoulder, the gesture flirtatious. He could smell her perfume.
Her cot was limned in moonlight. She was standing up, peering over the top, her little hands gripping the bars for balance.
He clenched his hand around the phone. Walked back into the kitchen and poured himself another drink. Set the bottle down on the counter with more force than necessary.
"Definitely not," John said. He looked again from Mary to Smallwood. The phone had gone silent and still in his pocket.
Sherlock's gift lay on the ground just to her right. A jigsaw puzzle. Age-appropriate, with thick, brightly painted wooden pieces that came together to form a rudimentary map of the solar system. An excellent developmental tool for improving hand-eye coordination and memory. And there had, of course, been the matter of the solar system itself, which perhaps John did not recall—
There were three snaps of the bouquet tumbling from her grasp. One perfectly manicured hand pressed against her mouth.
"Right," he said, and he forced his eyes open, straightened up in his seat. Looked back over at Sherlock. Sherlock, who had come for him. Sherlock, who, it seemed, would always come for him. "She said she was your sister."
"It's been more than a month," Mycroft said. "The stitches are out, the bruises have faded, and you've been issued a clean bill of health—" he paused, wrinkled his nose and waved his hand through the smoky air, "—somehow. Even your dedicated team of babysitters seem to have relaxed their vigil."
"Why?" John pressed. He clenched his fists, breathed in through his nose, stared at Sherlock. "Why all of this—this—subterfuge?"
Sherlock had set down the violin. Taken a step towards the door, then another. Hesitated. Chastised himself for hesitating and had continued out onto the landing. He'd crept, silently, down the stairs.
Sherlock swallowed, hard. Perhaps he should have reached out in some way. Shown up here months ago, told John that he was being utterly ridiculous with this self-imposed exile. Because that's what this was, wasn't it? Exile? He'd mistaken it for a fresh start, but—
His voice trailed off. There was no need for him to finish his sentence. The stairs were their best option. Possibly the only option. They certainly couldn't go up through the ceiling.
"Right," John said. Whatever fight he'd had left had gone out of him. He pinched the bridge of his nose, turned away. "Forget it. Have a nice life, Sherlock."
She was standing in her cot, and she reached out her arms to him when he entered the room. He hoisted her up, bounced her a little bit as he rummaged in her dresser for a fresh nappy. Her room was cold, and he made a mental note to turn up the heat a bit.
for the FTH bid and the fantastic prompt that kick-started this story. I deeply appreciate your patience with me through the writing process, and I hope you have enjoyed the end result.
In any case, the sofa was not his problem. He could admit that to himself now, alone in his darkened sitting room with the quiet murmur of the telly as his only company.
"I'm planning on being there to see it fall," Mycroft said. "I'm here today to ask if you'd like to join me."
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Well. You had hours at Sherrinford after we left. What did you accomplish?”
Sherlock glanced at the little table next to John's chair. No mug. No glass. He had not made himself tea, nor had he been drinking anything stronger.
"She's not even two years old," John said. He felt sick. He tugged at his restraints, hard plastic biting into the flesh of his wrists. He could not lift his hands from the armrests. The world shimmered in and out of focus.
John glanced down at his pocket, flabbergasted. He felt his control over the situation, if he'd ever had any at all, slipping away. He swallowed, straightened his shoulders, met the man's gaze head on.
"Didn't mean to startle you," the man said. He moved around the desk, held out his hand, still smiling. His voice was mild, with a soft Irish lilt.
"That's it?" John asked. He let out a little laugh, shook his head. "That easy. After everything. Just like that?"
So no, if there is to be a girlfriend, if there is to be someone to step in and lift John Watson from his self-imposed misery, it will need to be someone who meets a certain exacting standard. Sherlock's standard. Someone who is interesting enough to catch John's attention, but who is established enough in her own career and interests that she does not wish to have John's attention
"Yeah," John said. He lifted the phone and pressed it to his ear. It was warm against his skin. "He's dead. I shot him."
Sherlock stood up. He had to squeeze past the cot to get to the wardrobe. He opened it, looked inside. John's shirts hung in a neat but cramped line. The wardrobe air smelled faintly of his detergent, his cologne.
The room inside is plainly furnished, but it has all of the necessities. John sets his small bag down on the floor next to the door.
"Poor kid can't be more than eight years old," John says. "Just—listen to this, yeah?" He glances up, meets Sherlock's eye again, and nods, as if confirming something. He begins to read again. "'We went to see the sharks today. One of them swam by really close and it was eating a human hand. I swear it was. I swear it. I tried to show my mom but it swam away and she doesn't believe me. She just shouted at me for scaring my sister, but it isn't fair because Eddie scares me all the time and he doesn't get in trouble.'"
"Wait," he said, speaking slowly, carefully. "There are things—I should—um. You should know, John. That I—"
Sherlock had taken the box up to John's room, had looked at the tiny cot squeezed under the window next to the bed, and wondered how he'd ever thought that this could work.
"I'd tell you a story," Jim said, his voice cheerful and conversational as he accelerated along Baker Street. "But you didn't seem to want to listen last time.
"He took off after the suspect," Lestrade's voice, in his ear. His mobile was hot where he had pressed it against his cheek. "You know how he gets. We lost him. They were headed towards Hungerford Bridge."
"Would you rather I devote my attention to remembering the man's name or finding his killer?" Sherlock looked at the slick stone around the mouth of the well, looked away. It made him feel strangely queasy. "Because I'm fairly certain the latter is more important."
"Then I suggest you stop wasting time whinging about it and start making calls to your suppliers," Sherlock said.
"About ten minutes. Came in while Anderson was attempting to lecture me on new advances in proper crime scene protocol," Sherlock said.
And then John had shifted backwards, sat on the edge of his bed. Turned to look at Sherlock where he hovered in the doorway. Lifted a finger to his lips in a shushing motion.
"No, you overestimate them," John said. He shook his head, smiling a little in spite of himself. "I lived with you, remember? I've seen your methods of persuasion. You don't persuade, you
He took a glass down from the cabinet. There was a bottle of scotch under the sink, unopened. He opened it now without hesitation, poured himself a generous glass. His hand shook as he lifted it to his lips.
"Sherlock," John says, and there is a subtle tremor in his voice. He is straining to keep up the appearance of steady calm.
Sherlock crouched, picked up the painting. Dust had settled heavily on the canvas and he angled it away from himself, blew gently. Resisted the urge to trace a finger along the lines of a beloved face rendered in thick golden hues.
"She ruined his life, yeah?" John says, finally. He breathes out through his nose, looks at the ground. "Letting him believe they were happy, and just—running off. Like that."
John shut his eyes, pinched his brow with his thumb and forefinger. Thought of lacerations and infections and fevers, and how quickly the situation could go badly.
"The mechanic said he could have your tire swapped out in about twenty minutes," he says. His voice is flat, impossible to read. He looks at John for a moment longer, and then his gaze slips past him, towards the sky.
"Just. In Afghanistan. There was an American soldier. A kid, really. Got to know him a bit." He glanced at Sherlock, read neither interest nor disinterest in his mild expression. "He told us his dad had played pro ball, a few years back. Never got famous or—just—not one of those names you read in the papers. Just. Played ball, until he blew out his knee."
"There will be opportunities for fieldwork, of course," Mycroft conceded. "An occasional necessity. But it will not be her primary function."
Sherlock thought again about fetching John's gun. Instead he smoothed his hands over his suit jacket, straightened the lapels, squared his shoulders. "All right."
"'Please help. I don't want to end up as fish food. And I don't want anyone else to end up as fish food either, not even Eddie even though he's mean sometimes and might deserve it,'" John concludes. He is smiling again. "Signed Billy Porter, age eight and a half."
they looked similar—stared at him for a bit too long to be comfortable. And then he was gone, pushing roughly through the crowd.
"You have a bloody cottage in Sussex that no one has ever been to," John said. There was an angry smile flickering at the corner of his mouth. "It's just been sitting here, empty, for all these years."
"You don't have other plans," Sherlock said. "It's nearly midnight. New Year's Eve. Even I understand the social implications of that." That last was spoken with an unhappy twist of his lips, a strangely self-deprecating expression on that arrogant face.
"Stop," John said, and he did sound angry, his voice rough. But his eyes had gone bright, and his mouth was soft and perhaps it wasn't anger in his voice at all but something else entirely.
"Oops," he said. He picked it up. Rolled it back to her. Wondered if he'd ever stop feeling guilty for missing so much of her early life.
She held out a folded slip of paper. He took it, feeling a bit like a schoolboy caught passing notes.
They eat lunch together. Rosie insists on holding the spoon and feeding herself from a cup of yoghurt. Half of it winds up dribbled down the front of her shirt. The other half winds up on Sherlock's.
They pulled apart, breathing hard. John stared at Sherlock. Sherlock stared back. His eyes were very wide.
Another sigh. "Yes, I would like you to move back in. As soon as possible. Immediately, in fact. When can you put your house on the market?"
He could do it from home, even, she'd told him one morning when the air was grey and damp and his hand and been trembling, trembling, trembling, lukewarm coffee sloshing over the rim of his mug. If he had bad days.
"I'm not an expert, but it is my understanding that actively pursuing other people in front of one's betrothed is generally frowned upon." Sherlock abandoned his wall and threw himself into his own chair.
"Mm, no, that would be far too convenient." Sherlock relaxed back into his chair, folded his hands under his chin, seemed to consider. "Well? What are they like? Any other relevant details?"
John is right, of course. It is just a place. Dark hallways, bordered by glass. Silent, gliding fish. If he feels like he is drowning there, it is only in his head.
He huffs out a disbelieving laugh, shuts his eyes. One of the fluorescent lights overhead has begun to buzz. Rosie makes a tentative whimpering sound, falls silent.
He'd not seen Sherlock since that night at the club. He'd thought about him. Had considered looking him up—how many blokes called Sherlock Holmes could there possibly be?—but he'd held off. Sherlock was a detective, after all. If he'd wanted to find John, surely he would have.
"Sure," he said. He shifted where he sat. His gun dug into his back. He was very aware of the phone, the damnable locked phone, resting heavy in his pocket.
"John," Sherlock said again, and he stood up, shrugging the duvet aside, crossing the floor in three short steps.
He could order one, but that would still entail taking measurements and searching online for one that he liked. He'd have to consider colours, and patterns, and fabrics, and, well, then he'd have to take into account whether or not it was bloody stain resistant or whether the colours would look the same in person as they did on his screen, and frankly  it all just seemed more bother than it was worth.
Sherlock stared at him, his eyes wide and unblinking and terribly blank, as if the sight of John there in the sitting room had wiped his hard drive. His eyes were rimmed red, John noticed. Perhaps the wind had caused them to tear.
He thought about Janine, and the uncomfortable look on her face when the subject of Mary had come up.
John was sitting at the kitchen table, his head in his hands. He turned to look at Sherlock as he came through the door.
He is not met with any resistance. He is escorted to a quiet room and left alone with the coffin. It takes him several moments to work up the nerve to lift the lid.
Sherlock had gone. His blood-stained clothes lay in a neat pile on the gurney, next to the discarded sheet.
"Oh," John said. "Right." He nodded, looked away. He felt, suddenly, like he might cry. He did not know why.
Sherlock crept forward, sweeping his hand behind him to indicate that John should follow. They advanced slowly.
With every hasty step he took, every indrawn breath, every thud of his own heart against his ribs he heard Sherlock's pained voice saying
"Stop dithering and come in," Sherlock drawled as John's steps creaked on the landing. "Please be brief. And for the love of God, don't be boring."
Stealing corpses? Faking deaths? That wasn't rational. That wasn't something that people did. That wasn't something that
"I'm not dead," John said, just to have something to say. "That's—surprising." His throat was dry, and his voice emerged graveled and hoarse. It seemed very loud in the close stillness that had enveloped them.
John felt a pang as he thought about it, about the weeks and months that Janine had resided at Baker Street. She'd made herself at home, and Sherlock had enjoyed her company. There had been no romance, but they'd got to be friends. Actual, proper friends. And, he thought, Sherlock was going to miss her a little bit when she was gone. Even if he'd never admit it.
She wasn't, apparently, as clever when it came to finding a suitable partner, because it seemed whatever boyfriend she picked up inevitably disappointed her. Maybe she'd try girls for a bit.
“Then it is decided. Sherlock Holmes, you are formally sentenced to two years in prison for gross indecency towards men.”
Holmes ignores him, only taking his meek stack of letters into his hands as the men escort him out, putting him in chains.
Daffodils and lilies and lavender and honeysuckle—it smelt like a fresh spring day, just after a good rain. And God, there were
“I'm engaged, Mr Holmes,” she says excitedly. “A lovely young man by the name of Scott O'brien proposed to me. We're to live in a cottage just south of Dover, a place called Swingate.”
He lowers his head into his arms, deciding he will sleep. It is the only thing that may help the pain in his wrist subside, at least for a bit.
Seeing Holmes curled up upon the bed, pale, gaunt, and trembling stirred the worst concerns in his mind imaginable.
There is a small window, but there is no sunlight filtering through, for it is blocked by an overgrown bush.
But with the crappy used Nissan he was driving, he wasn't surprised that it took more than a little effort to touch up his skill.
Then it ends. When, he does not know. They take the picture of Watson and tear it up in front of him. Tears come to his eyes.
The events at Reichenbach Falls three years ago had shaken both men. Holmes had just returned, and falling back into a routine was no easy task. Watson was withdrawn, often times he would look happy for a moment, then return to his cold demeanor.
Holmes goes to his brother and Lestrade to thank them the next day, after an amazing breakfast feast cooked by Mrs Hudson, and the best cup of tea he has ever had.
“I had a feeling something wasn't right when no word came from you after my letter. I came after a week of sending it.”
Instead, Holmes's mumbles nonsense and bursts into strange fits of yelling or crying, even laughing sometimes. It terrifies Watson so deeply that he is sure one more day of it will be too much.
Holmes nods in relief. He will ask Watson about it later. He is still in tremendous pain, and has to be silent for several more moments before he can speak through it again.
Holmes can imagine what Gregson is telling him now: “We understand the situation better now, sir. We understand what's happened.” And Watson is, without question, fuming.
His symptoms banish slowly, but the first thing ti return is, of course, his sharpened mind. His mumblings and delusions disappear and he is once again his old self, griping about being bedridden and talking endlessly about any idle history he may.
He can feel Elijah and Elaine growing restless, as he himself is. Every day he is tired like he has never been tired before, every bone and muscles screaming in relief when he lowers himself upon his cot. Those days in May, his only relief comes at night, when he lays on his mattress and breathes. He tells himself how the suffering will be over soon.
It was one small room, filled with junk and dust and mold. There were a few pieces of old furniture, a frayed quilt, someone's coat.
Mycroft. Mycroft knows. Mycroft, who is unmarried and will always remain so, Mycroft who had no interest in girls nor boys for his entire adolescence and into his adulthood.
that has gradually started to peak between a crack in the cement floor. With the help of the scarce patch of sunlight from his window, it starts to grow.
Two men come to the cell, and Miss Carpenter flees behind Elijah, while he watches grimly, fist clenched. Holmes perks up curiously, wondering what dangers await. One of the men points to him.
Between the strength of himself and Mycroft, they all Holmes up the stairs and through the door. He is remarkably light, and Watson realizes he probably could have carried the man by himself, a fact he does not particularly like.
I wanted to delve more into Holmes's childhood here. The idea of him going to Catholic school as a boy had been in the back of my mind--the idea of the kind priest came to me only as I was writing :)
The music was one of those pop-singer types John didn't like—some guy with shaggy hair and an acoustic guitar and an ego bigger than his dick. He didn't know quite why the type disgruntled him so much, but he turned the radio off and listened to the white noise from his open window.
“Dr Watson has been married as well,” Holmes says. “A happy marriage at that. She died of cholera, poor thing. But I can assure you that before my influence, Dr Watson was a happy, healthy man. With a bit of treatment, he will return to his former self.”
He's heard rumors of inverts being “treated” via electroshock therapy at asylums, but doubted he himself would be sent to one.
“Inspector Lestrade,” Mycroft says languidly. “Thank you for coming on such short notice. Please, have a seat.”
He is not allowed to see Watson until after sentencing. He sits many days in his cell, the doctor's face turning over in his mind, a thick pit of guilt in his stomach. He knows he is protecting John, and he knows it will hurt them both in the process. He is preparing himself for the separation, but knows he cannot. Even these few days apart ache.
“The police and Danvers have a. . .silent contract. Danvers keeps the town going, the police don't tear them down. I was hoping you would find out. . .later. Didn't really want this scaring you out of here.” He smiled feebly.
“Mr. Holmes, sir, news for you from Bethlehem.” He scarcely even remembers the asylum's true name, as opposed to it's crude, more commonly used nickname.
It is for humiliation. Nothing more. They do not believe this will heal him. They want to break him.
Hidden behind thick vegetation, John was still too far away to see what was going on. He decided to carefully step out of his car, giving great care to slowly closing the door.
John suddenly felt that he was in tremendous danger, witnessing something evil that he was not supposed to see.
It was all he could afford with the cash from his tag sale and brother's life insurance—after his travel expenses—and, of course, his biggest purchase of all, Fernsby Motel.
It is some weeks before he hears from Miss Carpenter and Mr Smith—that is, until one afternoon there is a knock on the door.
So there were those weeks of strain between them, when they both thought that their relationship may never be repaired to what it was. It was a frightening time.
This, of course, sent them into a state of anxiety. They heard other inverts were fleeing to university towns, but Holmes did not want to leave London.
“Sir, sir stop him this instant!” he cries, but the man just shakes his head. “STOP THIS!” he yells desperately, unable to reach the poor soul. But his pleading goes nowhere. Instead, he is forced to hear every blow as it falls, every cry of the man, until suddenly, it is silent.
Maybe it was the fact that it was 3AM and he was not all there in the brain, or maybe it was just that he was curious—for whatever reason, John went with his gut and decided on following the man.
“I told you to do something!” the man screams, and he is hitting him again and again and again, and Holmes feels every blow so sharp and hard pounding on his sore, abused muscles that his vision goes black.
Lestrade is absolutely still, as if afraid. Watson shifts slightly in his chair. Holmes says nothing for several seconds, momentarily stunned.
“Oh, it's all because of Sherlock. That's where I get them, you know,” she humbled. “Have you been?”
revealing he had survived, in truth he was petrified that one of Moriarty's men would learn of the correspondence and target him. He would never forgive himself if he caused harm to his only friend.
“Yeah. Said it was a “misunderstanding” and that “when I went away she thought we were done.” Well, we kept correspondence until I found out. Was all teary when I left, too. But—“ He shrugged again, rather uncomfortable. Sherlock just nodded. Violet brought in the tea and set it in front of them.
But as Holmes lay on the cot in his cell the night before the preliminary hearing, there is only one person he needs to protect.
Holmes can no longer pretend he still has symptoms, and the nurses are growing increasingly suspicious of his condition.
“You are even thinner than before,” Watson finally comments disapprovingly. “Are you eating all they give you?”
“Sherlock, I want you to know—“ Watson leans closer to the bars, out of earshot of any of the other prisoners. “I love you.”
Holmes wakes up to the yelling. He has slept for nearly an hour now, but dawn is cracking and Miss Carpenter's voice is shrill.
“Yessir, not to press too much,” Elijah says anxiously. “It's jus, me and Elaine have been in here for some time. The chance to get out. . .”
He is undressed by someone, a nurse, he assumes, and given a cold sponge bath. Then he is put in a bed only slightly more comfortable than the cot in the cell.
This gave John a kind of warm, trusting feeling. Like Sherlock was someone he could really be comfortable with, because he felt that whatever he said, Sherlock would believe him, no questions asked. Eventually, this feeling of safety turned into John venting everything about the box and Danvers, his brother's death, and even his strange attempt at a birthday celebration.
“No,” John said. “S'not impertinent. I don't have one, no. I used to, back in London. Then she cheated on me while I away in the army.”
“My name is Martha Hudson. I'm your neighbor. I just thought it would be nice to say hello and bring you this.”
It is an ugly world, in this cell, he decides. It is an ugly world outside too—a world where sane people are treated like animals, and sick people just the same. He thinks of the man being beaten to death, and of Miss Carpenter and Mr Smith, and he thinks of the man he saw curled up and weeping and scratching out his own eyes on his cot, and the world is suddenly a very ugly place indeed.
He stumbled upon it again accidentally, while rummaging around for a spare light bulb to replace the one on Block B that had gone out.
Sherlock patiently listened to it all while tinkering with a plant John didn't bother observing until the end of his rant.
There are more women here than he thought there would be—he always thought women were of more sound minds then men, no matter how he dislikes the opposite sex.
“Here, my dear fellow,” a voice calls from behind them. It is Lestrade, and several more policemen. Watson lowers his revolver.
It was a nice day out to travel, all sunshine and perfectly medium-warm temperatures and light breezes, but it still felt a bit hard to breathe in the air.
I do not know why I feel particularly sentimental to-day, but for some reason, I feel you need it. I wanted to tell you again, though you know it well already, that I am waiting for you here. I cannot wait until you come home. You are, as always, my dearest friend and companion.
His body is weak, a feeling he despises. He has learned to ignore his body for the most part—it is, after all, almost irrelevant to his work, but lately Watson had been making him more aware of his needs—making him eat and sleep and all.
He'd never seen so many bees in his life. Sherlock just opened the hive excitedly. “See the queen?” he said. John peered in and spotted the largest bee.
Night falls, or at least, Holmes thinks it has. He has long ago lost time in here. He is cold, so cold he is almost hot. His skin stings and tingles, and no matter how he rubs his arms for warmth, it is not enough.
He feeds off of the occasional alert response from Holmes, becoming more and more scarce. Most of the time now, it is just his name; “John” or “Watson” mumbled in a fearful, broken voice. Watson gives his hand a squeeze a murmurs a gentle, “I'm here,” every time, just in case he can hear him.
The nurse quietly cleans him up, feeds him, and gives him medicine, but doesn't speak to him at all. She doesn't tell him he has typhoid or that he's going to die. She just treats him wordlessly and stoically .
He has not seen Lestrade for all the time he's been in Scotland Yard's custody, which irritates him. A part of him blames Lestrade for this enter ordeal, though another part of him knows the DI could not have stopped it if he tried. He certainly didn't choose to launch the investigation.
He was tall and thin, all angular and pale, with unruly dark curls and porcelain skin and eyes like rainwater.
The man's dark eyes swept the room. John suddenly felt danger in his stomach; he didn't like this bloke. He kept his hand on the drawer where his gun was.
Sherlock got up, eyebrows cinched, and followed her gaze. John Watson was, indeed, on all fours on the sidewalk, scrounging about and picking up whatever he could find.
Holmes has always enjoyed flowers. He takes them to be one of the greatest privileges of life itself—an extra, an unnecessary, brilliant piece of life, put on earth only for the enjoyment of the people on it. Holmes has never been one to believe in God, not truly, but sometimes, in his most quiet moments, looking at the dandelion, he wonders if maybe there is something larger than anything, watching.
Holmes cannot totally disagree with that. He thinks of his long drought of cases. But was it really just no cases that makes him that way?
He tells Watson not to worry himself, not to be guilty. He tells him to take however much is left in his desk (likely around a thousand pounds) and distribute it among the Irregulars. After all, he will have no use for money for quite some time. He also tells Watson not to gamble, and to stay out of danger. He can almost hear the doctor sighing.
Other prisoners do not communicate with him, simply watch him cautiously. Holmes fears they will plan something against him. It takes him seconds to pick apart their crimes—he has been sent to a violent prison, he knows that much.
“Sherlock Holmes will not die of typhoid, I won't allow it,” Watson says firmly. “Especially not because of me. I'm going to stay with you, Holmes. They'll let me treat you. Just hold on. For me, please.”
Holmes understood. Watson had explained to him (quite loudly) that his way of returning was cruel, and that the three years of his absence were utterly devastating. He made it abundantly clear that it would take him some time to recover from the incident and forgive Holmes. (Though later he would write up their reunion in a very different manner).
“In 1864, Isebelle and James Thorne, as well as their three children, were previously slaves in America, when they were smuggled to England on a ship called The Ghost to avoid the war.
His heart is pounding. He has made a grave mistake and he knows it. He has heard whispers of solitary before, of horrors unfit for the human mind.
Holmes is fully prepared for this. As Detective Gregson leads him to an interrogation room, his story is ready.
That woman Irene, she'd seemed nice. She was attractive (dark hair, sharply dressed, lean and tall and regal) and very smart as well. She'd even said they might have some stuff in common. Maybe he'd ask Sherlock for her number.
He sits with his back pressed against the cold wall. It is very cold here, and he has made heat out of folding in on himself, hugging his knees.
When he returned to the motel, all was eerily quiet as before. The truck belonging to Danvers was still parked in front of 23A, unmoved since it first arrived.
He is feeling better than he has since the investigation started—with Watson by his side again, he is completely reanimated. Though he fears it will not last long.
221B was empty when John woke well into the afternoon with an absolutely crushing migraine. Evidence of their pity party was gone. He found a note on the table.
Mycroft is sitting in his room, sipping tea and eating a scone. Lestrade was initially surprised by the man's size, given the build of his brother, but his gross form is soon forgotten within the intensity and intelligence of his face, particularly his watery grey eyes. They are Sherlock's eyes as well, and this is really the only resemblance the brothers share.
“That's all right dear, I have to get finished with my gardening. Just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. I live in the blue house, stop by anytime.”
“I must be going now, Doctor,” Mycroft says. “It is late, and I have matters to attend to at the Diogenes Club.”
Holmes often remembers those days by the alter with Father Wentworth. He was one of the few at the school truly non corrupt, and the only who believed in Holmes. Father Wentworth never turned someone away when they needed help, never denied a man access to his church for any reason. Holmes thinks, even now, with his conviction, Father Wentworth would still let him kneel at that alter and bear his soul to him, without a word of judgment from his lips.
“Thank you,” John said. “For the advice, and the info and all. . .do stop in some time, yeah? When you feel like it.”
The man who stepped inside was sandy haired, a bit short, well built, attractive. His style was a bit bland, earth tones and jeans and a pair of boots.
“I think, my dear Watson,” he says, “That some day, the true story may be told. For now, it is just mine and yours.”
“He must do his labor today,” the girl tells him. “It is to raise our morals. They say work is good for the brain.”
John didn't drink coffee, because the stuff gave him anxiety and headaches worse than any hard liquor, but he did invest in a cup of herbal tea as they sat down in the small bakery.
of May, 1AM. Sitting on the floor of 221b with a lily scented candle in-between them and laughter in their eyes.
Holmes admires his acting skills, and would try his techniques if he were not intent upon making it clear that he was, in fact, sane.
But now here he is, as he sits next to Watson and across from Lestrade, looking at him almost pleadingly.
He reeked of illegal activity. John wondered if he should just call the police, or if that would be too drastic.
He squirms only for a moment, then realizes what he is doing. His knuckles are bleeding and he fears one of his wrists may be broken, because searing, red hot pain is flaming through it. His face is pressed to the damp, foul smelling floor, and he is nearly weeping.
For a month, he takes no other cases. He works with Lestrade on Bedlam, and individuals inside. He identifies the bodies of people who died without it ever been reported. He sends the man who raped Miss Carpenter to prison.
It is a regular day, and Holmes is preparing himself for it, when he hears a commotion not far from him.
“Yes, I know,” Mycroft says, putting down his tea. “That's why I called upon you. I think you know, Inspector, that I am a blunt man, like my brother, so I will tell you immediately why you are here.”
He quietly retreated to his car. Once he was in the front seat, the nerves got the best of him and he started it and sped away quickly, looking behind his shoulder even as he made the walk to his door.
It is small, and smells of wet mold. He has been in many prison cells before, but never as the criminal. Gregson tells him they will arrange a preliminary hearing.
They are both dressed in new clothes, with new haircuts. Holmes can see that Miss Carpenter's skin is far fairer than he thought when all the grime is washed from it—and he can see the strong, handsome jawline of Mr Smith without his overgrown beard. They both glow with happiness.
At Newgate, he is given prison garb and put into a cell. Ironically enough, he has been in Newgate before, to interview criminals. Now he is the criminal.
“How rude of me not to introduce myself, sir. Forgive me, I have not seen regular society in many years.”
He has no view of the other side of Bedlam from his workplace on the grounds, but he intends to see where they are disposing of bodies. He does not trust they are reaching respectful graves.
He looks around, and there is no broiling feels in his gut. His skin is a normal temperature, and he is able to hold his hands steady without trembling.
he thought. He thought of hot summer days and warm blankets and hot fires. He thought of being wrapped in a large wool coat or curled up in bed. From sheer force of will, he felt his temperature rise just slightly.
He doesn't speak when it's over. He doesn't beg for it to end. He sits in the chair, shaking violently, praying they stop.
Watson lifts Holmes's hand away from his arm. Holmes is sticky with blood. The wound is surprisingly deep, and Watson can see that in tearing the creature away, Holmes accidentally created a more serious wound.
Sherlock laughed softly, but it was true. They'd made that pact when they were twelve, and both of them would absolutely keep their end of the bargain if need be.
“Oh,” he muttered to himself, a bit excited again at the prospect of discovering something interesting. “Forgot all about you, didn't I?” He stroked the aging leather cover and leafed it open.
There is nothing he can do but follow them, follow them into the dark and violent chamber. He sees the machine, and it alights fear within him that makes him tremble.
“Holmes, perhaps you are not remembering that you yourself are a patient here,” Watson reminds him. “You must be cautious.”
It is the wrong instinct, he knows, the wrong thing to do. It goes against logic and reason, but his primal emotions take over and he is throwing punches at the doctors, kicking, clawing, and kneeing. He only gets in one good hit before four of them have his malnourished body pinned to the ground.
For two days, the man stayed in 23A. He did not come out, and refused room service. John had just hired a maid, and she didn't even have any work to do, for Danvers always turned her away and said it was better she didn't come back at all, really.
Sometimes he feels he is slipping, slipping down into a long, dark slope. He is tired, so tired, but he clutches the letter like a lifeline and tries not to give in.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” the Justice begins. “Do you know the charges brought against you?” “Yes, my lord.”
He hadn't been in the attic—as a rule, he tried not to go anywhere that he could potentially get a disease (this place hadn't been inspected in years), but boredom is a strong motivator.
“Your. . .girlfriend?” Sherlock asked. John chuckled as he gestured for Sherlock to sit on the settee.
Holmes does not speak to anyone. He does not provoke anyone. He keeps to himself. Sometimes Hugo murmurs to him, and he offers short replies.
“I found this in the attic.” He showed him the photograph, then Irene. They both peered at it, then looked at each other thoughtfully.
It was mostly local businesses, and they were mostly closed, until he came upon a flower shop with the lights still on and an “Open” sign (very ornately painted and pretty) on the door.
“'Ow long will ye be here?” Hugo rasps when Holmes enters his cell. Holmes fights back a gag at the man's odor.
Irene was no idiot—she had a degree neuroscience, in fact, which some would say made her something of a genius, really. She knew the inner workings of the human mind like she knew the road to her house. She was clever like that.
For the next month, he will write and record everything he sees. He will get one visiting day August 15
Things were tense, but they pushed through, thinking that if they kept to themselves, perhaps the rest of the town would lay off.
Gregson nods, and continues his questions about when the affair started and such, and Holmes answers them with as much truth as he can, and hopes Watson will do well for himself in the other room.
“Shall you tell it, then?” Irene said. “I haven't heard it properly since sitting around a campfire in Secondary School.”
Holmes is put in what seemed to be a large cage, similar to the ones in the police carriages. As the carriage moves, his stomach turns.
There were botanical experiments strewn across every surface, plants with all kinds of tubes or lights or dripping liquids, the air perfumed with the scent of fertile soil and flowers.
“Down this hall,” one of the doctors tells them after they rumble down the stairs into a poorly lit hallway.
They do not allow him to bathe for weeks, this irritates him. His skin itches and crawls and he is sure he has lice. But he does not say anything.
Because Watson always protects him. Because Watson shows him endless loyalty. Because he owes everything to Watson, including his life.
So John went out that day, and he collected all the change he could find. He went to the laundromat and the market and the bar and just picked up change—a penny here, a two pence there, until he was on Baker Street, picking up change from the sidewalk.
“Mycroft,” Holmes replies, and after his initial disappointment that he was not John, he finds himself very glad to see his brother.
For the next several days John feared he was having some sort of nervous breakdown—he was a bundle of anxiety and strange, foreign thoughts.
John searched every corner, every nook and cranny, but could discover no evidence that anyone had even lodged in 23A at all, much less a criminal.
“Watson Motel now, actually,” John said pleasantly, gesturing to where the new sign was outside. “How can I help you?”
“A new invention,” the man finally answers. “This should cure you of your inversion with time. We've had many successes.”
“So I'm to just. . .ignore him, then?” John said as he and Sherlock strolled back to the flower shop.
“They all do, it's a disguise.” Sherlock lowered his voice, and John leaned closer to hear. “It's a meth ring, John. Danvers Paper runs this town. They employ more than half the town one way or another. Their “paper factory” is just a meth lab.”
“I mean, I didn't know your mother planted them, but I knew—I knew you liked primroses. I always know, it's—kind of a gift.”
The shock is worse this time, nearly 25 seconds long. He convulses, desperately trying to breathe but failing. He bites the mouth guard so hard it nearly breaks.
They get an hour outside a day, but Holmes hardly ever utilizes it. He prefers to stay inside the prison walls, where the stone and metal makes him feel both trapped and protected.
The motel would be ready to open in a month, when tourists started traveling and needed a place to stay. Fernsby wasn't exactly a tourist-y town, but people did pass through.
“Yes,” Holmes says wearily. “I gather you have not heard of my recent imprisonment, given that you have both been here for over a year. I am truly sorry for your false stay here, madam, as I understand you are sane. I take it you are as well, my dear sir. I see you used to be a blacksmith.”
No, Lestrade was aware of their relationship. He was not so bad a detective as to overlook it—he'd stumbled upon them one day in a fervent kiss by mistake, he'd left his coat in 221b. Holmes could still feel the cold, piercing fear that gripped him when he realized his mistake. Watson was already making excuses for Holmes, jumping to protect him, but Lestrade had smiled feebly.
Holmes knows, and the knowledge burdens him, that Watson will have it explained to him what Holmes has said.
The men who approached the desk was tall, sharply dressed with an American accent. John thought he looked like a celebrity, someone young and handsome, already more successful than him.
, if you will. They're in the green house, would you like to see?” Before John could even reply, the man's face fell and he blushed. “Sorry, I forgot, erm—my manners. You probably don't want to see my bees.”
Watson carefully treats the wound. It takes him almost half an hour to properly disinfect and wrap it. Then he puts a makeshift cast on the broken wrist. All the while, he thinks of how painful it must have been, and how cold the man seems to be. When Holmes is stabilized, Watson brushes the overgrown hair from his eyes.
“Well, er, I'd better be going. Nice to meet you, Irene.” He waved as he left, looking a bit flustered.
He parked just where he had before, several yards away from Danvers's truck, so that he could judge the distance to the spot.
More silence. Then Watson reaches out and touches Holmes's hand, the only thing within reach between the bars. Holmes reciprocates, fully grasping it.
“Don't concern yourself, Mrs Hudson,” Watson tells her, though she begins to fuss about getting warm blankets and tea.
He is shivering, covered by a sparse, terse blanket. His muscles scream and his head is pounding in rhythm like a sickening metronome. He has to sit still for several moments so as not to be sick on himself.
Hi friends, sorry for not posting, my friends been over, I've had drivers ed, (almost every night) forensics class, and I've been promoted at my state's police explorers (sergeant!!!!)....so I'm busy lol.
John stewed over the interaction for some hours, in fact, until the sun went down and the temperature dropped outside.
You'll be glad to know we've caught that spy you were worried about, remember Dendruch, the German clergyman you suspected? You were right. He is in our custody now. Well done.
“Cheated on you while you were service?” he said in shock. John shrugged, the memory of Mary sour in his mouth.
His discomfort with the handcuffs only grows on the ride to court. When he is let out, he murmurs to the guard to please loosen them.
“Isn't his shop beautiful? Anyway, he always tells me exactly how to care for them, they never fail. I need some more grass seed, care to join me?”
Sherlock was harvesting honey when he heard the bell give a soft ring. He knew immediately who it was by the soft padding of his gate—John Watson.
When John woke the next morning, he thought the florist had been a dream; but when he looked out his window at the porch, the primroses were swaying gently in the breeze.
Life for the first week in Fernsby was. . .something. Menial, mostly. John ripped out moldy carpets and fixed toilets and generally spent a lot of time cleaning and dusty and scrubbing things, only leaving to get groceries once.
“I think that would be the best course of action. Take precautions. I don't think he'll bother you much longer.”
“I'm Detective Horace Jennings of Scotland Yard,” Jennings explains. “On recommendation of Mr Sherlock Holmes, you are to be sent for re-evaluation by our own technicians, and released at least until we have completed an investigation on this institution.”
“It's a nice place you've got,” John said numbly, a bit in awe at the way this strange and fascinating man lived.
John ended up on his laptop, deciding to go to the internet for answers. He found no record of an Isebelle Thorne for the date on the photograph, not here at least. He did, however, find two other Thorne's in Fernsby: Jeremiah and Heiod, brothers, both of whom left the same year the photo was taken.
It stood on the hill, shadowing everything in it's wake with it's looming form. It was a bit Victorian in appearance—though the rooms themselves (separated from the main house into two blocks) looked much more modern.
He followed Darius down North Minster Street, until it turned to a dirt road verging off the beaten path. The terrain became rougher, and it was harder to keep his distance without Danvers seeing him. Still, he pressed on, his headlights off, until Darius stopped his truck and got out.
The pain is so violent it is hard to even be afraid. His stomach and muscles scream for attention. His whole body feels like a wasteland.
Then he realizes he is the one that is screaming, and the nurse is hushing him, but he can hardly even recognize his own voice. He croaks Watson's name feebly.
It is in the papers, of course. His entire undercover operation takes the media into a “spy story” frenzy, and it seems everyone forgets his crime. Sometimes, he will hear a whisper on the street of that dirty Holmes fellow—and Watson will be about ready to turn around and fight, but they pull along and say nothing of it. People will always talk.
The torture goes on. He passes out, when he wakes they continue. There is no clock to measure the time in here, but hours seem to pass. He dreads every second, relief comes and goes as quickly as it came. He is praying, he is fervent. He tries to think good thoughts, retreat to his mind, but the shocks come and cannot be ignored. The pain hurts so badly he thinks he must be dying.
It does not help that every few minutes he is getting up to hack his lungs out. His body temperature fluctuates at extreme highs and lows—he shivers but is hot, sweats but is cold—and his skin turns pasty.
It was time now that his drunkenness went from that raucous, hilarious state and sunk into a more melancholy, 'I'm-going-to-be-sad-now' state. It happened as he was sobering up, but no quite sober yet.
Unlike the preliminary hearing, people are allowed to go to the sentencing. Excited murmurs filled the large, wide room. The Justice sits on his throne above the courtroom, patiently tolerating the noise.
Reluctantly, the man pulled it out and flashed it in his direction. He barely caught the name on it— “Darius Danvers”.
John looked up, surprised to see the tall, lanky form of Sherlock Holmes hovering in front of him, looking a bit concerned. He leapt to his feet.
Holmes knew that he would have to earn back Watson's trust. He had betrayed the man who had been nothing but selfless and loyal to him.
“Oh, that's lovely, thank you,” John said, pleasantly surprised by the woman's thoughtfulness. “Why don't you come in, have a cuppa?”
Watson is no doubt demanding to know where Holmes has gone, and Holmes prays he will not make a fool of himself in doing so.
Instead, more and more papers were covering “The New Oscar Wilde”. The press was starving for a new story with Wilde away behind bars. Eyewitnesses claimed they caught the two men conducting inappropriate behavior left and right. Aynonmous tips were sent to the police.
Now his stomach was sinking. Where was his brother? Did he find another girl and crash at her place? But why would his room be clean? And why would his mobile be inactive?
“This had better be a good one, Watson,” he declares as he strides to the door. “This month has been a slow one for the criminal world. Come in, Inspector.”
God, this thing was old. Curiously, he flipped a couple more pages and something fluttered out. He bent down to reach for it when he was startled by the door bell.
“No, she's the maid. Helping around the house until the motel gets up and running. God, can't imagine the fury I'd instill if I bossed a girlfriend around like that. . .”
He thinks he is dead because he no longer feels any pain, and he is warm and calm and at peace, but that is not possible.
“I know,” Holmes replies softly. “And you will. Patience is key. I have a plan in place that will grant you lawful freedom. You will just have to wait and trust me.”
Holmes is not hungry enough for supper, so he passes his pasty grey gruel to Miss Carpenter and sits in the corner with his hands steepled beneath his chin, already forming ideas.
From there, he slowly crept forward until he had a decent view of Darius and the truck, still well concealed himself.
“I see you are as good as they say you are, Mr Holmes. Yes, indeed.” The man shifts, looking a bit somber. “I was doing well for myself, saving up to marry a lovely girl named Jane.” A small whispers briefly across his face. “But alas, she fell ill unexpectedly two years ago, and passed June of 1893. We were wed on her death bed.”
“Yeah. But. . .I ended up drunk. Just like he would've been. It's a bit funny, really. Wonder if the bastard looked down and planned it.”
The voice startled him. He turned around to see a man about his age—maybe a couple of years younger, at the counter.
When they got here, Fernsby was one of the least densely populated towns in the north, so they decided to settle here.
Watson's weekly letter brightens his days. He keeps them in a neat stack beneath his pillow and rereads them frequently. A letter he opens often reads like this:
They take Elijah and Miss Carpenter away frequently, and they return tired or shaking or bruises or all, and often days later. Holmes tries not to pry too far into what they experience, but he still asks and writes it down. What they describe is so grotesque it is difficult to do so.
“You know it it is bad, John. I cannot eat or drink, it won't stay up. My hands. . .” His voice cracks. His hands are a red mess. He cannot keep them steady.
“This place will be up in no time John, you'll see,” she said encouragingly. John nodded. He was kind of hoping. . .well, what had he been hoping, really? He was hoping someone else would show up.
Over the next week, John developed a bit of a friendship with his neighbor. They chatted about weather and the news and such. And she made brilliant biscuits.
“Detective, you see, I think my brother has proven to be very useful to you, and I do believe you regret having to investigate him in the first place.”
When he was a boy, Holmes had gone to a private, Catholic school. For him, it had been Hell on earth. He was disliked, dismissed, laughed at, not only by his peers, but by his instructors.
“He's been bitten by something,” he pants. The sight of Holmes in this state clouds his mind, but he needs to focus on stabilizing him.
“I had this guy come to stay at the motel,” John said, fidgeting with his arm. “He. . .well, I don't know. I don't like him. He asked for a specific room, 23A, he paid in cash, and he barely let me see his ID. Now he won't even let the maid come in to clean. Maybe I'm being stupid but. . .I dunno, I don't like it.”
At 2 PM, John was sitting down to read the paper (which was excruciatingly dull) when the doorbell rang.
“Not at all,” John said quickly, taking the man's jacket for him. “I was actually getting rather bored.” He smiled sheepishly.
He is exhausted, fighting now for consciousness rather than sleep. He wants to cry out for a guard, but the room is certainly sound-proof. He does not know what he is waiting for now.
“Oh, hi!” he said, sticking out his hand. “Sorry, should've introduced myself. I'm John Watson. Are you Sherlock's girlfriend?”
John, being a doctor, didn't disagree. Cannabis did have medical purposes, but it was illegal to grow and own nonetheless.
“You must live,” he mutters tiredly to Holmes one night. It is not really night—more early morning, though the sun has not come yet. He is dozing, his head getting dangerously close to Holmes's pillow.
Mycroft brushes aside his gratitude, but Lestrade seems to be happy about it. Holmes is officially free—receiving time served in his appeal the following week.
“Of course,” Watson says. “I'm sure Sherlock will thank you when he wakes, I'll send you a telegram when he is feeling more himself, or if any other matter developes. Thank you. For everything.” He means it, more genuinely than he can express.
It smelt amazing, like fresh bread and coffee and something very sweet. The tables were round and worn, the chairs creaky but comfortable. It had a certain undeniable character about it that John found pleasant.
“Thorne?” Irene said, swinging her legs back and forth thoughtfully as she sat on Sherlock's desk. “I know the name.”
There were rumors in the papers that he and Watson had appeared at a molly house together. Holmes assumed that this, with other even wilder false rumors, would die on its own. He was wrong.
John wondered what kind of flower shop would be open at midnight. He decided it would be in his best interest to find out.
Though he has already predicted what the exact outcome will be, still his mind races that he could be wrong—that it could be longer, worse.
John couldn't recall exactly when they'd started drinking—maybe it was right after Sherlock proposed a game of Cribbage (since no other two player games were coming into his memory, and he was awfully enjoying John's company) or maybe it was after the first two or three cups of coffee—whenever it was, it continued on, until both men were drunk on some whiskey and midnight hours.
“When he is better, he'll take a proper bath and trim all of this, get cleaned up.” Mycroft nods, not particularly interested in his brother's toilet.
“I'm more of a [hiccup!] wine. . .fellow myself,” he admitted. John smiled. He was definitely buzzed, probably nearly drunk, but nowhere near as much as Sherlock. Evidently he was a light weight, because he could hardly form proper sentences.
Groggily, he sat up in bed, looking out the window for the source of the noise. He could see the headlights of the American car cutting through the fog as Darius got in.
It was dark, and the man would've been invisible if not for his high beams illuminating his dark suit. John kept one hand on his gun, trying not to shiver. His breathing was, luckily, drowned out by an eager horde of frogs in a near bye pond, chirping happily.
“No, he hasn't left the room,” she told him earnestly. “Won't let me in either, of course. One of the Danvers men, I'm sure.”
The justice looks at him for a moment, considering. His eyes are large and inquisitive, his face angular and mustached.
The war ended a year later, and the town became more sour than ever. Those who had been planning to move to Southern Union to farm tobacco and cotton with promised free labor, now had no hope for their ideology.
