He heaves a put-upon sigh that fools absolutely no one and gets back to work, and Castiel double-checks everything, before clipping Tybalt’s leash to his vest and getting his sling.
“Alastair had dogs.” It’s a realization, more than a question. Raids were usually carried out when the trafficked omegas were being moved, Cas hadn’t dealt with guard dogs the times that he’d led the strike team into temporary waystations, but the main facilities, the places they’ve never been able to break into, there would have been guard dogs there, ready to do serious damage to any runners.
All Dean can say for sure is that he needs him, that he doesn’t know how to carry on without him. There’s a profound emptiness at the idea of Cas so fully beyond his reach, a hurt he knows is going to keep hurting as long as he lives, which is at least probably not that long, the way things are going. What’s left to save in the world, if they could? He wants to be there for Sam, or he recognizes that that’s something he would want, but Cas has hollowed him out with goodbye.
.” Feathers brush over the skin again, making Dean jump a little, sparking a gasp and a low, happy sigh. Cas’ hand runs through Dean’s hair, squeezes the back of his neck, his shoulder. “Get up, Dean. Look in the mirror.”
“Jesus, Dean.” Sam repeats, but instead of building frustration, it’s said with a sadness, a weariness. He pulls a chair up close to Dean’s, sits down with their knees knocking together and leans forward to rub at Dean’s arms like he’s in shock, and maybe he is. “What happened?”
“Presenting made him the old man’s golden boy. Couldn’t do wrong, everything he wanted in a son. I just… I like to think without me around, they… That if they fought, without me there, that he thought it meant Sammy was growing into himself, starting to challenge him as… practice, for being out in the real world. Our dad’s world… alphas weren’t like you and Jody. Hard-drinking, gun-toting manly men who didn’t take any shit.” He rolls his eyes. “And he knew I wasn’t one of ‘em. Ever since I was old enough to know I was Dean and not Deanna, and I couldn’t be an alpha… but for a while he thought he could make me fit, even if I was a beta. I learned to box, and fire a gun, and use a wrench, and all that, before I presented. I wasn’t bad at it, either. Hell, I was damn good for a ten year old. Twelve or thirteen or so, that all changed overnight, but… I was good. And I took care of that kid. Until I got taken. But he presented, before that. So… so nothing that happened to me was gonna happen to him. That’s all I really need to know, I guess. Nothing that happened to me happened to him. I figure… you’d get it. I mean I guess you’re coming from the opposite place, but…” He sweeps his hand out, gesturing to the whole room-- or the whole building. “You did all this, right?”
“Thanks, Cas. You’re a good alpha.” Dean sags against him, and then un-balls, squirming around until he’s lying on the couch, his legs dangling off, his head on Cas’ thigh.
“Popcorn and cocoa, you know how to plan a movie night. You got yourself a deal, handsome, just let me overhaul your lumbar region.”
Between the four of them, they get the rest of the apples sliced up-- they’re working with a blend of storebought granny smiths and the galas from their first harvest-- and the crusts rolled out, and everything seasoned and assembled, and get two pies in the oven.
“What will you do with the nursery?” He asks, touching one little penciled-in line, showing how tall a little boy once was at age four. For a moment he pictures that child-- there’s not a name written in, but the one that floats to mind is Jack.
Well, that’s the first Cas has heard about the offer… then again, it’s not as if he’d have argued against it if they’d come to him, and the little detached unit is their property to offer. If Rowena isn’t using it as a personal base of operations-- and he supposes she must be preparing for parental leave, getting ready to focus on their own babies-- then the space is just sitting there unused. Sam could stop wasting money on a motel until he finds his own place, and as an added bonus, Sam being here on  the farm means Dean spending more of his free time here on the farm…
“About training or just life in general?” He turns, though not enough to actually see Cas, raising an eyebrow. “Tired. Tired on both counts.”
“I shouldn’t have stepped on that branch.” Cas shrugs, says it all casual, which would be very cool and sexy of him if Dean’s heart wasn’t hellbent on hammering itself straight out of his chest.
Underneath the incredible reek of panic, pain, and fear, the omega in his arms that night had smelled of apples-- bright green apples, and warm, worn leather, and something soft and safe. It had been a scent that spoke of clean night air when summer turns to autumn, a whisper of the kind of freedom he never dreamt of having for himself and a promise of the kind of home he had not known. The kind of scent that said
“What are you talking about? Good for-- Are you kidding me right now? Are you kidding me? You don’t get to sell yourself short like that, not after everything-- not after everything.”
“Mm-- yeah… yeah, or-- you can… I…” Dean blinks, struggles his way towards the surface, and Cas eases up a little to allow him to think clearer. “I don’t want you to, um, stick your fingers in me or anything, yet, but… you can touch me everywhere, ‘kay? Like… around the outside.”
In all the raids that followed, they never did manage to stop Alistair. He hopes that the team he’s built will be able to in his absence. Certainly they’ve made him a poorer man, one always on the run, on the defense, but what he really needs is to see him stopped, brought to justice. That… that would mark a real change in the way the world runs. The way it treats people.
He cheers Garth on, from his seat on the ledge at the top, braces himself carefully before offering a hand to help haul him the last little way up. Garth is skinny, but wiry, tenacious… he’ll be sore when it’s over, but the good kind, the kind Cas misses. He’ll be proud of himself.
? Many. And you’re not taking a pair of craft scissors to my hair in the bathroom, thanks. Never again.”
“Me, too. For what it’s worth, man, if you want to reach out to someone, you should. Don’t get in your head thinking about how anyone else might not be able to handle you. ‘Cause from what I’ve seen, people really like you.”
They have some time, at least, to prepare, gear up… to let Cas recover further, before they purposefully go out and shout for Chuck’s attention. Not that there’s much gearing up to
Dean feels a knot form in his stomach-- he doesn’t ask how they measured his response, but there’s no way to do that that isn’t super fucking wrong, with a kid.
“Okay, this has been a magic friggin’ moment, but can I get back to kissing my new boyfriend now?” Dean gives Sam a gentle shove, reaching up to tousle his hair. “Hey, have you even had a haircut since the last time I gave you one?”
“Not if I’m cooking and crumbling bacon for the salad myself, I couldn’t.” Cas fires back, and Dean’s eyes go wide.
“And what if I don’t? Deserve?” He stops, flagging. Cas might be a hell of a turn-on, but this… trying to assess his
. He wouldn’t want you freaking out like a baby every time he’s not in your direct line of sight, what’s the matter with you?”
“You like ‘em, then?” He mumbles, his lips against Cas’ throat, nose filled with the smell of him. Honey and dandelions, sunshine and rain, the tang of a coming storm and the peace of a summer evening. And soap, Dean’s peppermint soap. One of Cas’ hands is wrapped around his shoulder, right where they both know its imprint used to be, and he wonders if Cas misses seeing it there like he misses wearing it.
“Thank you. I… I think I’d like to schedule another appointment, but… I also think I need to just… go home and digest today.”
“Yeah. Guess I know how that goes. My old man was… he didn’t make much of a secret out of how I was the family disappointment. He wasn’t… it wasn’t like-- I dunno. I wasn’t the son he wanted, but… hey, you can’t always get what you want.”
“I have a phone.” Dean smiles over at him, picking Cas’ up anyway and opening it. “Eighty-two fifty-eight… Tybalt?”
takes a lot of pressure off of Cas in theory, when it comes to farm work, but they’re both going to need to step back, and once the babies actually come, they’ll have their hands full… He supposes they could open it up as a work opportunity for others in Dean’s former position-- anyone looking to do a little work and get paid, in a safe environment where the only alphas present are ones willing to offer comfort and safety. It wouldn’t be a bad plan, he does think it would make Gabriel happy to be able to give that to anyone else he might take under his wing at the center. It just won’t be the same for him, now that Dean’s spoiled him for anyone else.
“So, how did things go with Dean?” Gabriel asks, having moved around to the front of the booth to make sure the
They both come, they both make beautifully undignified noises against each other’s mouths, messy. Hot. The stroking tapers off, the kissing doesn’t. Slows down, becomes more reassuring little nuzzling pecks than a makeout session, and he can feel when Cas smiles against his lips, non jacking-it hand cupping his cheek and keeping him close.
at the sight of him, wearing Dean’s faded Zep shirt, his cheap sweatpants with a hole worn through, at the back of the thigh, he remembers it’s there when he sees him from the front.
And then Dean’s free to shower without eyes on him, which is… He thinks it’s good, but he’d been psyching himself up to be seen for the first time, totally naked, and it’s weird how off it feels when that’s not what happens, when Cas operates from the assumption that not only does Dean naturally want privacy, he deserves to have that respected without question.
with that. I’m on this now. Because you, you haven’t been playing. But now? Now I can say dance, little monkey-man, and you’ll dance. After all the time I’ve spent pushing you, and pushing you, and trying to get you to play ball, why would I give this up? I finally get it, I get your real weakness. I get what makes this little troublemaker
“It was something Dean said the other day. He clearly expected me to know who he was referring to, and I fear I disappointed him.”
He’d had to give Sam The Talk, that had gone okay. Of course, he didn’t have to teach Sam what masturbation was, and he never walked into a scene like this, he just sat him down after his first shaving lesson and set out some basic safety and etiquette rules and when things got unbearable, they just yelled ‘good talk’ and sat on opposite ends of the motel room, where Dean drank a stolen beer and Sam drank a Coke and they spent the rest of the evening not looking at each other.
They fall into a comfortable enough silence, enjoying the lull. Even with the crowd thinned out as most people gravitate towards the food trucks and the tables set up for eating at, Cas sells a few candles-- he ought to keep a sample burning every week, apparently it does a good job of attracting people. He looks up from rearranging the remaining candles when he feels Dean tense again, moving closer.
“Looking for a touch of grey, got it.” He says, with a brittle grin that falls away too quick. “Dead-- Yeah. Or, um. No, I got ya. I’ll get to work.”
“That I was gone-gone, is I believe how Sam put it, when I reached him.” Cas nods to Sam, and Dean whips around to look at him.
Cas kisses him nice and deep, ‘til it makes his toes curl, and he only pulls away so that he can start peeling clothes off. To the waist for now, like they’re used to, but with Dean’s encouragement, he lets his kisses spread a little further down, peppering Dean’s chest.
, Dean can’t figure how he puts out so much warmth now that he’s just a guy, without angelic grace. He turns his head, nuzzles into Cas’ hair.
“Both. Sometimes it’s bad. Sometimes I dream I’m almost out the door and then Alastair has me, and when I wake up sometimes it’s like… like when you’re not sure where you are ‘cause you’ve been moving for so long but all the rooms are the same in the dark. Only the part that gets me is being in a room at all, being in a bed, and I gotta remind myself everything that really happened, that I’m safe. Sometimes it’s good. Patrick Swayze roundhouse kicks the son of a bitch trying to beat me down and he carries me out.”
“We got the house. It backs onto yours, room to expand the farm. Close enough to be a proper pack. What do you think?”
“No-- it… It’s not-- This is just a weird human thing, if you stand under the mistletoe then people have to kiss you. It’s a rule. Well, only at Christmas.”
“I’ll try not to interrupt your routine now that I do. But… would it be all right to text you if I needed help some other Monday?”
Sam closes the door softly, and Dean’s alone with Cas, can only hope somehow he’ll hear him. Whatever state he’s in, whatever he even is now, he’s…
He adds the last bit in a teasing tone, towards Rowena-- when they’d bought the ram and the pair of ewes last winter, she had boasted about her lamb stew recipe, but then they’d wound up with a lamb that spring and she’d burst into tears at the thought of eating it, and despite blaming the emotional display on all things hormonal, she’d refused to even buy lamb someone else had raised from the market after that…
“You didn’t. And… it felt good. Unfortunately, getting back to the parts that feel good might have made me… overconfident, about a few other parts. It’s… sometimes this just happens, and honestly, if I did some of that more often, it might be better for me. It’s just… easy, to become complacent, sometimes, with a degenerative condition. To give up a little too easily on things that can help just because there’s not really a cure. But it isn’t your fault, and I’m not sorry that I got back out there. I just… have some ideas about a workout routine that might be a happy medium between too little and too much.”
“Hey there, coming by to check if you got any special order for me this week.” Benny greets, and Cas has never once felt his hackles raise around Benny-- until now, when he casts a curious eye towards Dean, who’s moved to stand in the circle of Cas’ personal space, using him as a shield. “This a brother I don’t know yet? Am I ‘bout to collect the whole set?”
now that he could ask himself ‘could I settle down with Cas’ and know the answer’s no. It would be so much easier, and it would still hurt like Hell, a hurt he
“You make me happy, Cas. Look… I know you. I trust you. And this is real nice. I could sleep like this, I think. Wake up like this. Not freak out, because it is you. You don’t have to want sex, and you don’t have to not want sex, ‘cause I know whenever it happens it’s only gonna be because we both want it. Or at least because we both want to try. Some day, I’m gonna want to try… if I’m wrong, you’ll stop for me. Just like I would for you. But… it gets to be our choice. I’m going on suppressants for now. If I stop ‘em… it’ll be because we both feel good about whatever comes next. Whether it’s spending a heat together, or me taking a weekend away and calling you on the phone just to see how I handle that, or, I don’t know, shit. Whatever it is. I… You’re my alpha, Cas.
, that Cas can say the word ‘bottom’-- just meaning the body part and not the guy who takes it-- and have it come out sounding hotter and filthier than someone else saying ‘ass’.
“I just want you to be happy, man. There’s a lot… there’s a lot you gave up for me. I’m betting there’s more than I’ll ever know. Maybe neither of us was ever really going to get that life, retirement and picket fences and apple pie, maybe we wouldn’t know what to do with it if we got it, but… someone who loves you, you deserve that.”
“You do realize that if you take up a position here, you’ll be expected to neutralize your scent-- it doesn’t need to be a prescription blocker, a strong neutralizing soap will be fine, but we often deal with very fragile people who are still learning to pick and choose which alphas they can trust. Too much alpha scent in the building can be intimidating.”
Dean snorts-- ‘again’ might not be the right word, and things getting good has been a long, hard slog, but… when Cas dares a look his way, he’s curled in a little closer against his own brother.
There’s only one rope stretched between this ledge and the next-- first come, first served, when it’s a competition between two members of the team at a time. But… that just gives Garth the opportunity to catch his breath while he watches Cas tackle it.
. Just… another way our father put his stamp on all of us, because it was the exact same car he gave every one of my alpha brothers. So I took it to a dealership, and traded it in for two… older but serviceable ones. I imagine when they get a house, Gabriel will come and pick up the Lincoln, but until then I’m keeping it running. And sometimes Rowena drops him by and he takes it out, when he needs it.”
tainted, or broken. Just… healing. And healing isn’t linear. Not for either of us, maybe not for any of us. You… you deserve a family, that cares for you. If children of your own aren’t in the cards, Dean, then isn’t that all the more reason to reconnect with the brother you raised?”
He doesn’t know if the singing helps, but it means the room’s not so quiet and he doesn’t have to think of things to say. And even if it doesn’t help-- even if it’s objectively not good at all-- it can’t hurt, right? There’s a lot in his head, there’s a lot in his heart, but putting it into words isn’t going to happen, so he sings Radar Love and then he sings Born to Run, and then he sings as much of I Drove All Night as he can get through before he breaks down sobbing, before he slides off the bed and kneels beside it so that he can lay his head beside Cas’ shoulder.
“What are brothers for, if not getting so into a game of Scrabble that someone flips the whole board off the table because proper nouns aren’t allowed?”
“I will try very hard, then.” He smiles, and kisses Dean softly. Sweetly. “I have been granted… considerably more power than I once had. So I am likely to survive, if I must place myself between you and death yet again.”
Dean groans, burying himself more firmly in his blankets and Cas’ chest. Which is not the position he’d been in the last time he fell asleep, but he’s not complaining, either. The shirt he’d given him is soft, Cas is warm, he smells comfortingly familiar, a little musky and a little weirdly ethereal still. The tang of ozone and the sweetness of petrichor, like there’s a coming storm lurking underneath a human skin.
His back is the worst of it. His chest and thighs aren’t so different from his arms-- a few cigarette burns, but mostly thin, silvery lines that spiderweb across his skin, the faint reminders of precision torture. One calf shows the worst of the time the dogs had actually been turned on him and not just held over him as a threat-- the claw marks have had time to fade but the bite is still all too visible. His upper back bears gnarled raised lines, differing thicknesses, from being whipped and flogged. The evidence of canings across the backs of his thighs he thinks must be long gone, but he can feel the raised tissue whenever he touches his own bare back, or reaches over his shoulder through too few layers of heavy fabric. Those are the real ugly ones. To Cas’ credit, he doesn’t gasp out loud, and if he flinches or if his expression wavers, it doesn’t happen when Dean can see.
“That’s Cas, though.” Sam leans over, reaches out, pats the knee he can reach before withdrawing again to leave Dean his space. “He was always ready to give. And to give something up.”
“Rowena’s gonna be one hell of a mama bear.” He says. “She’s already good with this stuff, for other people. All the prenatal health and the birth and what to do about all those first little problems everyone faces, you know… she’s gonna be great, when it’s ours.”
“Yeah. You did. I just… I dreamed… I dreamed I thought you came back. Only-- only I went to you and it was Lucifer, and… and you were still-- and I never got you back.”
Before Jack. What Cas was saying, that knowing Dean taught him to love the world, humanity, other people… he had to have had those feelings before Jack. Which means he knew he loved Dean before he made that deal for Jack’s life. And he just… he just took it for granted that Dean wouldn’t want him the same way, that he wouldn’t really be happy, so he made it? So he said okay, because he thought happiness was out of his grasp? He thought the love he had, friendship and brotherhood and becoming an adopted dad, that as good as that was, he would never get the last little piece of the puzzle that would make him truly happy?
“Yes. I’m going to send you directions to the fairground, and the time. Just park near the vehicles you see in the main lot, head through the open gate, and turn left, and we’ll be very difficult to miss, and lunch will be set up. Until then… just take the time you need to process the news.”
“Yes, come in, please.” He nods, stepping aside and holding the door wide, giving Dean space so that he’s not crowded, entering. “I’ll show you through to the garden, it’s… it takes a lot of work, and I’m here alone…”
If he’s ever gone to pick out clothes of his own, his tastes fall in line with Jody’s, sturdy and practical. But the denim and flannel is familiar and it feels like Dean.
“Mm. Jody and I used to set up the course together, when the team was first forming. We’d take turns holding the stopwatch and running the course.” A wistful smile overtakes him. “It was ‘pretty cool’. There are parts of it I don’t think I could still do-- or, I shouldn’t try to. But there are parts I think I still could… I let myself forget, how much I liked that part of it. The team bonding as much as the workout. Jody making sure everyone stayed hydrated, Cesar making a competition out of it whenever he spotted someone starting to flag, knowing it would fire the rest of the team back up and keep them in a good mood… He’s retired now, but you would have liked him, I think. He and his mate run a ranch now.”
, Dean.” The frustration’s back full force, he tugs at his hair and blows out a sigh. “You know, I just saw our friends disappear, I know how bad things look, but the two of us are the last ones in this fight and if there’s any chance of doing something about it, then it’s up to us. Isn’t that how it’s always been? Isn’t that how you’ve always sold it to me? The two of us, saving people?”
“Is it way too much if I maybe stay in your room? I’m with you on taking it a little slow right now, just… I swear, nothing’s ever made me feel as safe as the way it smells in there. And I’m, it’s… you know, I get my full four hours a night nowadays, but I’m told that’s like… half as much as normal people sleep, so… maybe if I was sleeping close to you, it’d… it’d feel right.”
“No, we can’t be. Not about you.” Cas noses into Dean’s neck in return, the two of them curled in around each other, holding on tight. “You said we had very different first impressions of meeting each other, but… I don’t even know how to categorize that now. I just know… when you came to my door, you were fighting to stand tall and to feel at ease, coming into a strange alpha’s territory, but you were ready to try, you were ready to work, you didn’t make me feel judged-- though I know in your position, you were… in a sense, you were judging me, just… not negatively. You let me see your highs and lows, you trusted me to provide some balance… and knowing now, how far you had to come in that time, between when I carried you from the warehouse and when you knocked on my door? Knowing now why you were in that shape in the first place? My first impression of you doesn’t matter-- what I know about you, about your strength and resilience and your desire to protect others? I couldn’t ask for a better man to take the space on the team I left empty. Jody couldn’t ask for a better new recruit, Donna couldn’t ask for a better teammate… and I couldn’t love you more.”
The perfection of the moment is dimmed by the knocking on the sliding glass back door, startling them both out of the secure embrace and back into the light of day-- Sam is staring through the glass at them, Dean’s bag in hand.
“It’s… along the lines of something he once told me.” He nods. “So I know it’s not easy advice to take to heart when you’re coming down from a moment of panic… but I also know it’s good advice.”
“I am definitely playing ‘pimpmobile’ as a word in Scrabble, if it takes me my whole life.” Dean laughs, and Cas opens the door for him, before going around to the driver’s side.
Job interviews are not a duty he likes taking over for Gabriel, which of course means his brother keeps arranging any appointments he has to interfere with that duty. Cas approves Charlie’s first intern for college credit, puts two potential temporary replacements for Rowena in the maybe pile, and turns down an applicant for the maintenance staff who he catches leering a little too long at the administrative assistant, before he finally gets to the last one.
“It’s the same way we always drive.” Castiel sighs, taking a hand off the wheel long enough to give him a pat.
Cas misses most of their run, he has cooldown stretching to do, and he wants to be able to watch Dean. He and Sam tackle the course with an awkward enthusiasm, egging each other on every step of the way-- outside the occasional whoop, he can’t hear them-- not the words they have for each other, at least. Just the general tone. He hadn’t considered this, when they’d planned for the reunion to happen here-- just that there would be plenty of fresh air and that it would work with Jody’s currently-tight schedule, would mean not leaving Sam waiting, or Dean worrying. But this is good, the two of them getting to throw themselves into activity side by side, getting to cheer for each other and compete with each other, and just be
“I’m not surprised.” Cas nuzzles into his neck, breathes him in, sweat and all. “Hop in the shower and rinse off and I’ll run you a hot bath? Trust me, a good soak after makes all the difference in the world.”
For a long moment, Sam says nothing, and Dean feels the weight of his stare. Doubtlessly tumbling over the very short list of possibilities here.
“Can you imagine…” He wipes at his face, has to take a long moment and several not-so-steadying breaths. “Can you imagine sitting next to someone, and… and loving that person, like, in big capital letters, loving that person… but you can’t say it. Because that would open the door just a crack, maybe a crack too wide. Sitting next to someone, and wondering, or even knowing they feel the same, but if you say it, you’re gone. And if you ask for love, that’s worse. Dangerous. I mean it’s one thing if you think, well there’s no point. ‘Cause
Sam bites at his lip, and looks around at the walls of Gabriel’s office, his eyes landing on the wall of photographs. Years of building up their mission, years of celebrations and repairing families, or building new ones.
“No, he’s very good, he won’t stand on the bad parts, he’s learned that lesson. He just wants to sniff me.”
Cas nods, and there’s a comfort in allowing Dean to shepherd him up to the house. Partnering, he thinks, that’s what this is. Knowing Dean is strong enough to take care of him, and maybe he doesn’t need to feel guilt over Dean needing to take care of him, now that he knows he was the one who saved him, carried him in his arms… he’s done his part for Dean and it’s fair if he leans on him now.
Castiel reaches for his water glass with a trembling hand, holds a mouthful of ice water on his tongue and tries to force himself back into the moment, focusing on the sensation, but he remembers that fight all too well, he remembers that he’d killed a man, and felt righteous doing it. The desire to hunt down every single person who’d had anything to do with
“Next week, then. Same time, or-- whatever works, just… well, if the time needs to change, you can call.” He says, though he’s sure Dean won’t. Jody might, if necessary.
The house itself is cozy, but not too small. A kitchen large enough to work in, enough space to entertain company… he follows them from room to room as they talk about where they’ll put what, picturing the way their furniture will fit. Cozy, but after the apartment, it’s going to feel spacious. The master bedroom isn’t a big one, but they’ll actually have room to move around their bed and dresser in it, and the view of the trees is beautiful, out the big picture window. The bedroom even has its own little fireplace.
Dean hums approvingly around his second sample, being much less hesitant about trying the roasted red pepper after having enjoyed the garlic.
“Boo.” Dean groans, his hand is firm in Cas’ hair, holding him to his throat now. “You really telling me you can’t use all that new juiced-up angel mojo to ditch both our clothes?”
She doesn’t say ‘a friend of your brother’s’, she doesn’t have to. She knows better than most how Castiel first became aware of what it was Az and Alistair Masters were doing, that his first rescue foray into one of their ‘holding pens’ wasn’t so much a carefully planned extraction as a desperate, flailing search for his older brother. That to this day he doesn’t really know what possessed Lucifer to sell Gabriel off to a couple of his buddies, but he can’t forget the overwhelming stench of fear, or how he’d slammed a guard’s head into the wall for the first time, left him dazed and concussed, with three broken bones and the growled threat of worse still. He also doesn’t think he’ll ever forget how he’d felt, when it hadn’t just been Gabriel, but three others, hurt and frightened, and he’d barely been able to get them into his car, the state they’d all been in, hadn’t had time to explain himself, had to hope they would trust him based on Gabriel being so relieved to see him… He hadn’t had a plan, then. He hadn’t had anything set up to help three strangers.
“Dean, I think you could do a lot of things. Fixing cars is only one of them. If you don’t want that, then we’ll find what you feel good about. There’s no deadline on this.”
“Right.” Dean swallows. “I’m just… helping you out. So, if you’re ever, uh… on your own, and you… if
“Why did you say ‘what if’?” Cas asks sleepily, as Dean reluctantly pries himself away. “I found last night to be very intimate.”
“Young. Big.” He reaches out, preemptively wiping at Dean’s cheek with his thumb, just beneath where tears are still only threatening to fall. “Big enough you’d actually look like an omega next to him. Big enough I’d look like an omega next to him.”
“The prince of cats?” Dean regards Tybalt with some mingled suspicion and interest. “Before you start thinking I’m smart or something, it’s, uh… No. That just came up in the, um, the reading for my GED. Jody’s helping me with it, you know. Gotta… prove I’m not a total dummy, if I ever want a real job. For some reason I guess they think Shakespeare’s important enough, like I’m ever gonna need to know that.”
At least for a trial run… He could still decide, once he knows Dean is here, that the best course of action is for both of them to go home to their uncle, for Dean to finish his recovery with his family, but Cas hopes that he won’t take him back to Sioux Falls right away. He can’t push the thought from his head, but Sam had reached out to them about the job, he wants to believe that his enthusiasm for it will still stand. That seeing some of the team and what they do, and how they’ve helped Dean, his enthusiasm for the job will grow. True, Dean may want to go back and work in his uncle’s garage… but it doesn’t have to happen immediately just because it’s suddenly become more of an option.
a rooster, and not one noise complaint. They’d have been knocking on our door with the police back in town. We’re
Dean winds up squeezing down when she starts, but it’s not bad, it’s the good kind of pain. The first time, he got a little lightheaded by the end, but this time it’s…
Even if he didn’t enjoy sex with Cas on a purely physical level, it doesn’t mean he wouldn’t crave some part of it… Maybe if Cas had confessed to him any other way, any other time, he’d have gotten caught up in worries and insecurities, he’d have been unable to listen, unable to do right by him, by either of them. Stuck here, with just the memory of him, and the memory of how he’d been frozen, how he’d been unable to say anything useful, how then it was too late… what has he got to lose by admitting to himself that it hurts for a reason? That he’s mourning something more than just a friend, someone who was never quite his brother. Someone who could be just as important. Could have been, if either of them had been able to face it when they might have had a chance.
And the thing is, or one of the things is, he can say ‘maybe the sex would be okay because it would mean being close to someone I care about, even though I wouldn’t like having sex with a man’, but he doesn’t even believe that anymore. Not really. He’s wanted it, and not been able to admit to it. It’s too much, to try and trace it back and figure out the first time he wanted Cas that way, it’s too late and too painful, but he knows it’s been there, it’s been under everything.
“Just like that.” His head tilts back and he loses himself to the way Cas touches him, the rhythm to it… it feels too slow to push him over the edge any time soon, but it’s good, the way Cas shifts from stroking along him with just his thumb to grinding his palm over Dean’s aching dick, still too slow, too gentle, but
“He’s in pretty rough shape. We might have to do this without him.” Sam says softly, his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“It’s not always like that.” Dean adds. “Those… the ones that were punishment, from when I used to fight back or try to escape… sometimes I think maybe I could be proud of those. But it goes back and forth, you know?”
“I look forward to it. To seeing you both.” He adds, nodding to Dean. “Thank you again for all your help today.”
Dean kind of feels like a shower, when it’s over, but he’s not too eager to stray from Cas’ side just yet. He’s filled with affection for the way Cas sniffs his own slick fingers for the scent of Dean’s sex, and how that scent seems to satisfy him. He looks pleased with himself, as he watches Dean recover his breath.
Gabriel wants to see him spend more time around people, and he gets that, he does, but the last thing he wants is to explain to his big brother-- the only brother who’s ever really looked after his best interest, and the only one he still has in his life-- why he’d rather just be alone. It’s easier, knowing he’s not cut out for a relationship, a family of his own.
“But you know.” Dean says, and Cas does. “You know what being a brother feels like. It means… throwing the Scrabble board. And it means doing anything to protect him, no matter who cheats at what games.”
“You deserve to be happy, Dean… and you deserve to want things, and to get them. All the things that were taken from you, or tainted for you, they don’t make
Castiel puts out the little rack that holds programs and business cards for the center, getting it stocked before settling down to wait for shoppers to start trickling through. A portion of their farmers’ market proceeds always go towards the center, whatever aspect needs funding, and the market is as good a place as any to raise awareness. Plenty of omegas in comfortable lives drop a little change in the tip jar, out of natural sympathy or superstition, a little ‘there but for the grace of God’. They’ve also gotten volunteers just by having pamphlets out on the table, and donations of clothes, shoes, toilet paper… as far as putting forward a public face for the center, to ordinary people in the local community, making the information available while also selling soaps and candies and vegetable starters isn’t a bad tactic.
“He’s just a kid, Dean… a kid who just lost all his powers and everyone but the two of us. I don’t know how much help he’s realistically going to be, I mean I know he’s going to do everything he can, but he’s… he’s just a kid, and you’re telling me he just lost basically his dad, along with everyone else. It’s going to have to come down to us.”
“Logically, maybe. I mean… I know many alphas who would never hurt an omega, in their care or otherwise. But I don’t… I don’t know what an ‘inner alpha’ even means, I never had the chance to develop a healthy sense for it. I know what my family thinks, and I know that’s wrong, but… I don’t-- I’ve never had anyone to talk to about what… what’s healthy.”
The coop and the barn are both very much fixer-uppers, before they move any animals in, but perhaps they could hire Dean on to help with that, too? If he needs to take time to find what he truly wants to do with his life now that it’s his, now that he’s finishing up his GED, the least he can do is offer him the opportunities he has, to expand the work he’s doing, to get paid more.
“Thank you. In the brief time I have been away, I have missed you both immensely. I trust you’re well?”
“I thought you were dead.” Sam’s close on his heels and in full lecture mode, and he really doesn’t appreciate the hollow, aching laugh those words inspire. “Oh, you think that’s funny? Everyone else, everyone else disintegrated, and you can’t pick up the phone, what am I supposed to think? It’s just me and Jack and I couldn’t reach you, do you know how worried I was? I thought you were dead.”
“I’ve… never asked them?” Castiel offers, apologetic. “Oh! Here, let me give you a tour. You won’t need to worry about the bees-- I keep them well taken care of and they go about their business. You’ll have plenty of space to work without worrying about me tripping over you, no sense working on top of each other… um, and you don’t need to worry about the fountain for the birds, or watering anything…”
, to make him calm down, and the hand stroking over his torso banishes all the wrong kind of butterflies, just leaves the right ones. “I like how they make me feel. Like… it’s not about how anyone looks at me. Like… no one else’s opinion matters for a while, ‘cause I’m… I can just feel like this for me. And I don’t, you know, I don’t want a lot of other people looking at me, thinking I’m soft. Pretty. Can be those things alone, though.”
? The how doesn’t matter to him, not in this moment. His knees hit the floor, he crawls the last couple of steps, he scrambles to get his hands on Cas again, to feel for any signs of life. Pulse, breathing… he’s warm. He’s
“Sometimes you wanna, uh, you can sit on your hand first? I mean, you sit on your hand until it’s kinda numb, so when you jerk it, it’s kinda like somebody else is doing it?”
He trails off, and Dean pets at him, as best he can reach, tries to school himself so that he can impart the kind of calm and comfort Cas needs.
“Yeah.” Sam confirms. “You and I have to draw him out, offer him what he wants and draw out the bargaining to keep him distracted… and then Cas takes him out when he’s focused on us.”
“Very well. Just the lotion.” He sighs, indulgent, and Dean smells the lavender, hears the slick sound of Cas rubbing his hands together first to warm it up before he’s massaging it in. It still lessens the sting and the ache, even if it’s not for bruising.
“Then you and Deano can both pick up some extra work with the farmstand, when these pups start getting close. It’s… kind of tied up with the center.”
“When’d you finally watch Star Wars?” She asks after him, but only Dean actually follows when Cas crosses the room.
“Please. I just… If you’re going to kill god, I just think you should take every available opportunity to… you know. Human stuff. Or-- not exactly human this time stuff. Eat. Sleep. Recover from… dunno, trauma.”
But… if that was Dean, doesn’t it go to show how far he’s come, how strong he is? For that to have been him then… for this to be him now. He’s worked so
“Well… you know.” He shrugs a little and picks up his own mug, retreating to Tybalt’s chair so as not to crowd Dean on the couch. “Working from my home office and calling in has been working out.”
Over lunch, Sam fills Dean in on his life story from age twelve on-- he touches on the helpless search, but he mostly focuses on college. That’s the part Dean seems most eager to hear bout, and he beams around oversized mouthfuls of pulled chicken sandwich and potato salad, his pride evident when Sam talks about his scholarship, about grades and test scores he’d gotten, about his favorite classes and his favorite professors. What living in California had been like and what he’d gotten up to for fun.
“Didn’t know you were gonna feed me.” Dean rubs at the back of his neck, with one freshly-scrubbed and still-damp hand, scuffing his boots on the doormat.
Chuck kicks Cas once, hard, Dean hears the meaty thud of the impact this time, the weak whimper. And then Chuck is gone and Dean can move, they can all move. He scrambles up to his knees and crawls the rest of the way, to carefully pull Cas up into his lap, into his arms.
. He’s gentle until Dean can hardly stand it, until he’s squirming-- squirming even more, when the edges of a few feathers stroke lightly past sensitized skin. He nudges at the panties a little, to expose more cheek, and then finally,
“I just, I need…” He nuzzles in, lets himself take some comfort in the fact that if this is Dean, his own, the same man he had that moment of such intense feeling over, then it means he’s safe and healthy, it means they did right by him. “It’s
“Yeah. Well-- see, on Jody’s sound system, she’s still got this tape deck where you can record from an LP to a cassette. And the truck and the pimpmobile both play cassettes. And… the first thing I did, the first paycheck you gave me, Jody took me to a record store, and I found a copy of Mothership. Went back for Physical Graffiti, then Houses of the Holy… after that, the guy there pulled copies of some of the eponymous albums, and In Through the Out Door, said if he got his hands on anything I was missing, he’d hold ‘em for me.” Dean looks down at his feet. “Anyway, just… thought since you didn’t know many bands, I’d share some of their best stuff with you. You can tell me what you think next week.”
“I know, I know. It’s just… it’s a difficult thing.” He sighs, pulling the corner of Tybalt’s favorite blanket up over him, to combat the slight chill from the fan. “He was never really mine… and if he would be happier in Sioux Falls, then I have to be happy for him. He has to have that choice, he has to make it with his family, not with me.”
“I will.” He smiles, still holding the tape in both hands He only lets go to wave goodbye, as Dean climbs into Jody’s car.
“And…  I thought I’d get a pie in the oven-- I got the prep work done while you were out, I thought… it would be nice to celebrate with, after your big day. It can bake while we eat dinner.”
Sam hauls him off the floor without a word, and walks him to his room, doesn’t say a thing even as he brings Dean to the bed where Cas is laid out.
“Okay, look, just…” He sits beside him, and unzips his fly, pushes his shorts down and eases himself out, already a little hard… when did that happen?
“I wasn’t at home.” Cas continues, after he’s had enough of a pause to compose himself. “The room was in the building with Naomi’s office, it… it was next door to her office. It was all one room-- the bed and the toilet and the shower and the mirror, the sink and the little… the little fridge, and the table with the toys and the… I always suspected someone was taking notes from behind the mirror. Wanting to know if I picked the right toy to masturbate with, or if I chose the right zip-top bag with something to smell, or if I looked at pictures. But maybe it was just so that if I hit the emergency buzzer, they could look in on me before opening the door. Or maybe it was just a mirror and nothing was on the other side.”
mishandled any aspect of this situation, he’s driven them away-- if he can’t gain Sam’s trust, if Sam sees through him, if Sam thinks he’s acted out of selfishness, acted on his own feelings instead of in Dean’s best interest, then of course he’ll be all the more insistent on returning Dean home. On wanting to keep Dean safe from
“Sounds good, except for the salad part.” He jokes, but he’ll eat it and he’ll like it. He was always kind of vegetable-resistant as a kid, but being half-starved for a decade really changes a man, it turns out-- and the salads Cas has fed him have always made him feel nourished, were never just cheap lettuce and ranch and whatever scattering of wilted bits a diner might throw on the side salads Sam used to eat when they were growing up on the road.
For a moment, Dean looks like he half wants to say something, but in the end he lets it go unvoiced, and they both return to eating.
For one thing, it’s Cas, who he trusts. Cas cares about him, Cas would back off in a heartbeat if Dean expressed any discomfort.
On Tuesday, he goes into the center, where he enjoys the comforts of a home-cooked meal in the staff lounge, gives Garth a piece of raspberry dark chocolate fudge to take back to his pregnant mate, and has his first PT session in the basement gym. There are spaces on the main floor for the omegas they save and serve, physical therapy is often a necessary part of recovery, but the basement gym has always been for the strike team, giving them a space to train for rescues. Not that the strike team is an alphas’ club, but the betas and omega on the team at least go in knowing when they train with the team they’re going to be getting a whiff of alpha sweat, the kind that scent neutralizing products can only do so much for. Not a problem for the betas, at least, and so far only one omega has volunteered for the position.
He thinks about being naked in front of Cas for the first time. Sure, he was barely clothed when Cas first saved him, but the fresh damage disguised the older scars, and in all the time they’ve shared a bed, they’ve been politely changing on opposite sides of the bathroom door.
Step one is post-breakfast dishes. Cas helps tidy up the kitchen in silence, but the silence is comfortable. Meditative, if Dean was a meditative guy. Calming, because Cas fills up the space. Cas makes the kitchen feel full and bright and warm when it’s just the two of them putting things right again. Jack and Sam bring dishes in, and then Sam goes to do more research, and Jack sticks close to Cas.
“Our options are limited.” He says, looking up at Dean with those big blue eyes, the eyes that pierced straight through him the first time they ever met and haven’t stopped since. Mortal or not, when he looks at Dean, Dean feels like he’s seeing his soul. “We still have to try. If we ever want the freedom to breathe, to live our lives, whatever that means, then… I have to try.”
“Any time, any place.” Dean promises, and he waits until Cas moves off of him, before he turns to look at him, to take in his face at last. Tired out from letting himself be vulnerable, but not teary, not wobbling with the need to break down. He looks the way Dean usually feels after therapy sessions nowadays-- rough, sure, but… able to deal. “My turn to get my hands on you? Uh, respectfully speaking.”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean’s smile is warm and easy, the surprise that crosses his face on answering the door and seeing him there is pleased. “Come on in.”
He shivers and holds on tight, and hopes Cas is feeling his yes coming through even if he can’t say it.
“My previous experiences were… It took me some time to develop a sense for gender, in the human sense of it. I did not initially have a preference.”
Dean calls Gabriel, though it’s Rowena whose voice Cas hears, faintly, she talks him through everything he can do. Make sure Cas is in the most comfortable position possible, make sure Tybalt is somewhere secure in the house-- not a problem, he’s parked himself on top of Cas’ chest and is purring anxiously. It’s Rowena who provides the calm, supportive voice of an alpha in command of the situation, as she tells Dean where the first aid kit in Cas’ house is and what he needs and doesn’t need from it.
“I want to.” Cas nods, though he doesn’t say it in a come-on kind of a way, and Dean doubts he meant it to mean anything sexy. Cas is a cuddler, he loves long hugs and good-morning nuzzles, and to fall asleep with their bodies pressed close. Sometimes they roll apart-- usually they roll back together. The bed’s big enough to give them space the times that one of them needs it, but most of the time they both find touch comforting, at least when it’s them.
at the herbalism stuff, as it turns out. If we wind up getting him disbarred, he’s got a great future as an apprentice midwife.”
“Did you ever think life could be like this? Happy?” Dean asks, from where he’s cuddled down against Cas’ shoulder.
“Cool.” He rests his hand over Cas’, and keeps it there for the rest of the movie. When the credits have finished rolling, Dean offers Cas a hand up from the couch. “Hey… let’s get you a nap before lunch.”
get the rest loaded alone, unless an unexpected flare-up hits. And as little as he wants to ask for help, he knows there are other vendors who would gladly help him get unloaded and set up-- the only other two alphas at the market would
“I just thought you’d be hungry when you woke up. And…” He bites his lip around a frown, glancing between Cas and Dean. “I thought I felt you wake up.”
“You’re a friggin’ weird little dude, huh?” Dean crouches, offering his hand for Tybalt to sniff, marveling over the texture of him when he immediately decides he would like to be petted-- the little patches of velveteen-soft ‘flocking’, and the wider spans of baby-soft skin. “He’s really warm.”
“Hey. Thanks, for showing.” He glances down at the shuffle of his own feet. “Didn’t know who else to ask, but um…”
That’s what sees him in Garth’s office on Tuesday, murdering a tissue he hopes not to need between his hands while Garth waits with patient, ever-friendly expectation.
“Okay, well, I’m just telling you, I watched him get better while you were… doing your thing. I mean, okay, not all the way better, but better!”
“I know Sam’s little, uh, cottage… it doesn’t exactly have a lot of room for two, but… I have room. A room! I have a spare room, if that’s… I  don’t want to presume right now. But… this place isn’t complete without you. And when you’re ready to move on from Jody’s… I would be-- I would be honored to be your alpha, in whatever capacity you-- I know I’m not much. But I think I could be enough. I think-- you could make me enough. Because you don’t need me to be someone else’s idea of an alpha. Neither of us want me to be the kind of alpha my father or yours would have approved of. Neither of us wants you to be that kind of omega, either. So… And I certainly don’t want you calling me ‘alpha’, or-- I can’t imagine being like that. I just know this pack is… it needs you. And so do I.”
“Come taste this.” Dean orders, and so Cas levers himself up off the couch and leans over the island countertop that divides kitchen from living room, so that Dean can bring a spoon to his lips. “What do you think? Taste about right?”
“Thank you.” Cas nods. Follows him in and stands there while Dean digs around to find him something, a pair of sweatpants and a tee shirt. And it’s not like it’s weird to change in the same room, it’s not like things are super
They really need to have a talk about Cas saying beautiful, profound things to him, because Dean doesn’t know how he can keep on taking this.
At long last, the slow burn comes to an end, but Cas and Dean have a bright future to look forward to together.
“Well, I’m not a pure altruist.” His smile is tight for a moment and then it’s gone. He reaches for his wallet, pulling out a faded photograph, its corners foxed and bent. He lays it on the desk and pushes it towards Cas-- a woman with a little boy in her arms. “I understand that coming out of Stanford Law, I give the appearance of a man who’s had everything handed to him in life. Nothing could be further from the truth. My late mother was a beta, not that I knew her, and my father was an alpha… and an angry drunk, once she was gone. But I was raised by an omega. My brother.”
Dean smiles at that in spite of himself. He always feels like when things get complicated, or heavy, he talks around in circles and he can’t make himself push through to the point, at least not in a way that would make sense to anyone, but…
“Trust me, feeding people is worth some thanks. The Omegas at Jody’s place are-- some of them are eating well for the first time in a long time. When you first move into the house you’re still on kind of a weird diet just so your body gets used to eating meals at all, right now is when her girls can eat whatever they want, so…”
“Yeah, baby, show me.” Dean winks, too broad and cartoonish to truly make Cas self-conscious about his own nudity.
“Yeah, ‘hole up in a bunker’ hasn’t exactly proven to be a winning strategy for us, so… until I have something more, I’m hitting the books. I just… I have to believe that there’s… Somewhere, somehow, there’s an answer. We got Cas back. I can’t stop until we get Eileen back, too. And… I guess the rest of the population of the planet.”
Maybe soon, maybe next time… Cas eases him through his orgasm and the aftershocks, kissing the side of one knee and sighing deep against him.
“You can make yourself at home.” He offers, when Dean comes in, head ducked and expression uncertain. “Jody will want to come in for coffee when she gets here, you might as well be comfortable.”
“Right! Of course, no. We’re doing fine, you don’t need to worry. Uh, Rowena is thinking about pie, for the next time you come over. The first apples are almost ready. And I thought I’d… I thought I’d ask her to teach me what to do. She doesn’t really need another pair of hands yet, but she and Gabriel are both going to be spending a lot more time putting their feet up over the next few months, and… Usually they handle the baking, over-- I know I told you we don’t do Thanksgiving, but at Christmas they bake a few pies, and sometimes they do one or two for the market, so…”
“I guess I can let Jody know not to worry.” Dean agrees, glancing over to Cas. “You, uh, wanna show a guy where he could do a load of laundry?”
“Shh…” He dabs carefully at the blood where he finds it. “We should have waited. We had nothing. What was Sam thinking?”
Cas gets it-- Sam is taking his first job as a full-fledged lawyer working part-time for a non-profit, and it’s his good fortune to have whatever he might have saved away, with having gone to school on a scholarship, having no student loans to repay, but still… it limits his options.
“I hear that.” Dean snorts. “Dunno where I’d be… it’s… yeah. Ain’t a whole lot of options for guys like me. But I’ll figure it out, I mean, she’s doing me a real solid and once I’m, once I’ve got that GED under my belt, I’ll figure it out. I’ll find something and… I’ll work it out.”
“Wondering how you were doing. Also.” Some of the torpor vanishes from Dean’s tone in a nervous cough. “With the… farm stuff. Not thinking about you, uh, inappropriately.”
“Oh!” Donna grins. “This is the obstacle course! Later this weekend the strike team’s doing a big training event. Dean’s actually been helping out with getting the course set up today.”
“Sam, I want you to crank the volume on your phone and blast ‘Love Lifts Us Up Where We Belong’ while Cas carries me. I’m having a moment.”
Cas hushes him, one knee on the mattress beside his hip, and his hands move up again, to cradle Dean’s face.
“He just left you there for good?” Dean asks-- it’s the rising of his voice that catches Cas’ ear, and he knows he shouldn’t eavesdrop but once he’s tuned into Dean, it’s impossible not to hear him, and if he can’t help listening to Dean, it seems to make less difference, whether or not he also winds up hearing Sam.
Dean had called him a good alpha… he doesn’t know if he believes it, he’s not sure if he ever has, but he knows that he can’t lay claim to the title if he does anything other than putting Dean first. And that means giving him the choice to have a future somewhere else… with his own family’s pack, one led by the brother who seems to have grown into a good-hearted, responsible young man or the caring, hard-working uncle who took him in after Dean’s disappearance, unlike the father they’ve painted enough of a picture of.
“Nonsense, you’ve got your bag with you. Throw your laundry in here and spend the night with Samuel, you can head back over to Jody’s tomorrow.”
He grabs a tray, used to the careful balance of transporting things on days he’s using the cane around the house. It had been frustrating once, but now he doesn’t think about it. He might not have company often, beyond Gabriel and Rowena-- who are both comfortable helping themselves-- but when he does, he likes to think he’s a good enough host.
Cas hums contentedly, and it feels like in the wake of his unloading about his past, a lot of the tension is bleeding out of him. It’s never easy, bringing another piece of bad out into the light, but it feels good to be the guy Cas trusts with his past as well as his body.
He is fond of Dean, that’s become clear enough. A little protective, when he spots those sign of old, scarred-over hurt, when he sees Dean self-conscious over them. More than a little grateful, for the way Dean jumps in to help without making him feel like he’s an invalid-- even on his worst days, Dean just seems happy to have work to do with his hands, out in the sun, and his attitude is always that he takes on the tasks he’s paid for, there’s no judgment over the things Cas can’t do on his own. Well, except for the now-comfortable teasing over his lack of culinary prowess. But the teasing helps, he thinks. If Dean praised him for his progress without teasing him for never having learned before, it might feel condescending, even if it wasn’t meant that way. They seem to have a good sense for each other, that way-- a sense for when to be gentle, and a sense for when not to be. They come from radically different backgrounds, but there’s some commonality there in the way they both struggled to live up to expectations. How they both struggled to keep themselves going when those expectations went unreached.
to wait to ‘blow’ you. I may have to do so in the shower. Still… that would be acceptable to me if it is to you.”
Dean is hovering over the refreshment table, but when he spots Cas coming in with Garth, he moves over to join them.
“Sure. We miss having you around, though. Look, no one’s going to push you into taking on a job you don’t want to do, but you know if you come by on Thursday round lunchtime there’ll be a hot dish in the break room…”
“I just got you back.” He looks away. “I know I said I’d do anything to have you back for even an hour, but I’m not…”
“Just, you remember that he disappeared once, and you couldn’t get him back, for ten years.” Cas’ voice is small. “You still have dreams where you never got him back at all. And it’s difficult when you can’t call and talk to him.”
“Not at all.” Cas shakes his head, looking up to meet Dean’s eyes. “Dean… he’s Sam. Sam Winchester, and when he was twelve, he went to live with Bobby. And now he’s here.”
He’d been close to home free, when one of Alistair’s goons came out of nowhere, ripped the limp body of the man Castiel could have loved from his arms… even unconscious, the pitiful, pained moan had been heart-rending, and the fight that followed…
Dean looks at him, eyes wide, pupils widening. He licks his lips, and Cas’ attention strays to them. Pink. Full. And now, he knows the sweetness in them… he wants them, again and again, opening against his own, wants to feel the heat of it… To welcome each other in a kiss, he wants that so strongly it’s all he can do to wait to claim it. Still, he waits, for a clearer sign.
For several years, what that meant on Castiel’s end was, he led raids on places deemed below the interest of legitimate law enforcement. When his back really started getting worse, he had to give that up. Gabriel can always count on him to do some tactical planning, but there’s no reason for him to go into the center regularly... he’s an unmated alpha, his scent could only be disruptive to the omegas who they offer services to.
“It’s not going to get better.” He shrugs. “We always knew that, even if some people wanted to ignore the fact. But it could be getting worse faster, and so far it’s not. It’s tiring, and it complicates things. I have bad days.”
After they finish in the garden, they have lunch, and Gabriel doesn’t push the conversation back into difficult territory throughout the rest of the visit. He doesn’t even bring up the center until he’s heading for the door.
“Okay. Cool. Well… it matters to me that you’re you. All the stuff I could have liked or not liked, if my life was different… right now all that matters is, you’re a good guy. You take care of me, and… you let me take care of you. And you-- you are ridiculously hot. Which I didn’t think I could even care about anymore, but uh… it’s nice. It’s nice to feel good about noticing you. But I think if you give me a second chance, I can do better at that kissing thing.”
“It’s a paste made primarily of chickpeas. They do different flavors, different vegetables and things mixed in.”
“You’re bringing your wee friend along, then?” Rowena coos, pausing in the truck-loading efforts to scratch behind his ears. “Oh, let us take him.”
“Your pita bread.” He says anyway, as he picks up a jar of honey in exchange. “Fresh as it gets. That went in the oven at the crack of dawn.”
“I mean it’s great for me. I know I said before I’d probably want another alpha around if I got knocked up, but now? Three of you and one of little old me? This is the life.”
Which is exactly what Dean told him would happen, it’s exactly what he said, he said they shouldn’t do this, and he was fucking
When Jody and Donna get back to work and Garth bids everyone goodbye so that he can head home, the two pairs of brothers gravitate towards different spots, so that Sam and Dean can have a little privacy. They flop down in the grass together, scent each other before relaxing and just looking up at the clouds, making contact but no longer clinging tight.
“No. I… I didn’t know exactly what to say, when he told me he believed it was too late. I told him… I told him it wasn’t. He had a photograph, of when you were a little boy. He gave me your name. But he came to me wanting to help strangers. I just… I didn’t know how to tell him. I have his number. Dean… you could-- Dean, if what you want is to fix cars in your uncle’s garage, where it’s home, where you’re safe, where you have family… your brother could take you home. If… if that’s what would be best for you, I--”
“But he’d make that deal… he wouldn’t think about whether it would be hard, or painful. There’s no universe where Cas wouldn’t save Jack, that’s what I believe. And there’s no universe where he wouldn’t save any of us. I believe that. He was our best friend-- he was our brother. And what that meant to him… You and Cas are a lot alike.”
“C’mere, sweetheart.” He whispers the words in Cas’ ear, enjoys his own turn to be somehow, inexplicably, an irresistible force to be followed. Cas tucks himself under Dean’s arm, and rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, and they stretch their legs out together, feet on a shared ottoman, as Jack starts the movie.
He tries not to think about it, tries not to think about wanting to give a handie in a bar bathroom to a guy with the right kind of swagger, tries not to think about the dreams he’s had, lying under a man in the dark, rough stubble against his throat or his thighs, big hands on his body and wanting,
He’d thought the maintenance position was the last one, but apparently somewhere along the line, he didn’t receive all the paperwork.
It’s a little disappointing, but the relief of knowing Dean won’t be walking out of his life eases the sting of having him walk out of his room.
“Afraid to be.” He admits, and Tybalt is finally fed up enough with the way Cas and Dean both ignore him in the quest to get closer to each other that he leaves, with one last petulant meow, to return to his own spot. “You were so… It would have been so easy to just… I wasn’t what you needed then, I knew that. But I would have-- It would have been difficult. I could have made everything worse. And I didn’t… I didn’t want to be a slave to biology. To want someone because I scented him once and… But I  know you now. It’s different now. And it’s… it hit me, but it’s different, I’m not… I’m not afraid of it. Not afraid that just wanting you alone could hurt you, or that…”
Garth bops out of the room with a nod, and Dean follows, and so Cas trails behind them, just staring, as Garth gets the tools and Dean proceeds to get the Lincoln up and running.
“Outing you?” Cas guesses. Without the telltale scent coming through, a stranger could easily take Dean for a beta, especially when he’s at ease and making politely flirtatious conversation with female beta and omega shoppers. His height and the span of his shoulders. There’s some delicacy to his features, but it’s well-balanced. Cas has met one or two omegas taller than Dean, but they’ve been slender and willowy in a way Dean isn’t. The fact that Dean could pass isn’t new information, but the realization that he’s actively trying to…
“A while now.” Cas doesn’t flinch-- lying isn’t going to accomplish anything, and he hasn’t done anything to be ashamed of-- going to Dean first is protocol, even if he knows for a fact the relative he’s established contact with is entirely trustworthy.
“I shouldn’t have asked.” Dean’s voice is soft, gentle, like Castiel’s the fragile one who’d been through hell and had to be wary of anyone with a certain designation posing a danger to him. His hand is warm, where it hovers near his own, not touching. “Sorry, Cas, I just… I didn’t think.”
He can still see it all too clearly when he shuts his eyes, the beatific smile as the Empty enveloped him, the stillness left once he was gone, struggling to breathe when all the air in the room seemed to be gone with him. He’s done this too many times already, he can’t do it again. The last time before this damn near killed him and he had no clue there was more for the asking there, that there was such a real, profound, human love waiting for him. He just knew somewhere along the line he’d forgotten how to survive losing his best friend. He just knew, in a way that made him sick to think about, that if he was offered the choice between Cas’ life and Sam’s, he wouldn’t have a fast answer ready anymore, and no matter what he did, the choice would break him.
“Okay as anyone can be, with… you know. It’s not as bad as it looked like it was gonna be, he--” Dean shakes his head, has to close his eyes tight a moment and just focus on keeping it together. “He needs time to recover and I don’t know how much time we have. But there’s no reason he can’t-- Nothing’s broken. He passed out  before I could try and give him an aspirin, maybe I should’ve done that first, but when he wakes up… I’ll get him to drink some water, and he can down a couple painkillers. He’s… he’s gonna be okay. But he’s done, Sam.” Dean turns from Jack to Sam at that. “Whatever next plan you come up with, you leave Cas out of it. He’s not in any kind of shape to fight, and he could be down for a long time. And you know… you know if you bring up the
Cas grins back at him, his hands making a firm sweep from just above Dean’s waist down his thighs. Back up again, to his hips and then around to his ass. It would be better without the heavy denim in the way, but it still makes Dean sigh and rock into his touch. Still makes his head tip back, throat bared to be kissed. The impulse is irresistible and Cas does not try to resist it. He kisses him, tastes his hot pulse, the familiar musk of his skin, never before experienced so… carnally.
“Because. There’s only one ‘i’ in ‘Eddie’.” Garth grins, waiting for a reaction which he very much does not get. The lack of laughs does nothing to dim his own amusement. “Two ‘d’s, two ‘e’s, one ‘i’?”
“More… more good? Than this?” He pants, his brow furrows, it’s not funny and it’s not fair how much Dean is aching to kiss him.
“Yeah, you’re a cat.” He must reach over to pet him, Cas can feel the way Tybalt shifts in response.
“That sounds like a good life, fixing things. I… I will have to return to fixing things, myself. With Jack, I mean. It’s a big job dealing with everything that’s been wrong in Chuck’s heaven, and he’s so young… and so afraid of making mistakes that would hurt the souls in his care there. Perhaps… when you find yourself with a job, I will keep the same working hours as you do? We could… come home together?”
He lies down before making the call, welcoming Tybalt to come curl up against his hip, purring and kneading at the bed as Cas absently rubs his ears.
Cas, and still he heard him? How much did he feel, when he heard Dean grieving him? Did he know he was loved, did he know?
He doesn’t know how to explain that it isn’t a matter of ‘ready’, so he lets it go. He’s been happy most of his life not worrying about ‘hanky-panky’-- he’s been happier without it, actually. And yes, just once, he caught a whiff of someone who could have, in another life, been the one, but he’s not missing anything by not throwing himself out into the dating scene.
, Cas. I need you because you’re my best friend. I need you because you keep me sane sometimes. I need you because no one else makes me feel this way. I need you because if I never knew you, I-- Well, I know where I’d be. Hell. But, you know. I wouldn’t… I wouldn’t be in a good place even if I wasn’t, without you.”
There’s Cas’ handprint, yes. In the little blank at the center of his palm, a C in brilliant blue, a D in forest green, their elaborate flourishes intertwined. In tiny tawny gold script in the space between palm and fingers, symbols in Enochian that Cas must have shown her. Another line runs in black beneath the heel of his hand, like a bracelet.
“We’ve made a pact, actually. Either we both get drugs or neither of us do. I think that’s fair. I’m not timing any of you, by the way, when you go do your thing.”
“Come here.” Cas commands, and Dean pushes himself up and lets himself be guided, so that he’s sitting in Cas’ lap on the bed, curled in against him, and he hears the soft sound of Cas’ wings coming out in the moment before they wrap around him, and that always makes something taut inside him go slack. If he’s cocooned in those wings, everything’s good and everything’s safe.
“Good.” He lets his eyes drift closed as Cas starts the massage in earnest, proving himself. He’s careful but he doesn’t shy away from the scars.
He picks his time carefully, to come into the center, wanting to cause as little disruption as possible. It means he winds up in the staff lounge with just Rowena, the center’s resident midwife-- and Castiel's sister-in-law. She settles in next to him, cup of tea in hand, and he lets the fact that the room is otherwise still take the edge off of his nerves.
“Maybe… maybe you don’t.” Dean leans into him again, runs a shaky hand through his hair. “Maybe I walk away from this life. Go somewhere quiet. I-- I don’t know. I don’t know. I just know, Chuck’s not writing my story anymore. And you’re here. And I… I want things. Things hunters don’t always get.”
“But the other day, you didn’t say-- I thought my brother was dead and you could have told me that it wasn’t just ‘some cases’, that you knew
“Alex, um… Alex really liked one of the sausages. And burger night was big, Krissy liked that a lot, and she’s not real picky about food much, but… everyone liked burgers. Jody got a lot of use out of that chicken, she made a big casserole and a pot of soup, so… any of it’s good.” Dean shrugs, and he presses a little closer to Cas, taking a deep breath. “Do you have bacon?”
“From the book.” Sam lies, as another snap of Chuck’s fingers sends the blade skittering out of Cas’ reach. “Did you think we were stupid?”
be happy ‘cause you built a family, only if you let yourself enjoy it you’d lose it. They’d lose you.”
“It’s a lot easier against a wall.” He promises him, grabbing onto one of the two ropes. “Just… watch how I do it, and then follow. I’ll wait for you when I get to the top.”
“It’s not that. I mean… I think I can’t just work for you forever, if I want… if I really let myself want a future. But I really like doing it, it’s not like… it’s not like I want to
“I heard there’d be pie.” He grins, moving to lean against the counter. He snags one of the apple slices Cas has just finished prepping, popping it into his mouth.
it, so he leans over him, and he starts at the center of his forehead, and he just… kisses him. Just soft, chaste little things, but each one carries the focus of his intent, carries the utmost desire for Cas to be a little less hurt, a little more comfortable.
“Oh yeah…” Dean brightens considerably as he takes the spread in, especially when his eyes settle on the pie. “What are the rest of you having?”
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s… I’m, uh… I’m kinda… I’ve been doing a lot of getting my hands dirty, as part of my recovery. And building shit, or-- assembling it, I guess. Started using tools again.”
“We’ll have a little welcome basket waiting for you.” Gabriel promises, patting Sam’s arm. “So when you settle into your place, you’ll have some soap, a candle… vegetables. This job is a real labor of love, but it has its perks.”
“That’s why you don’t go on the, um, the raids? Jody said you used to, and now you’re like… the tactician?”
Cas might not get super horny during their makeout sessions, but he gets possessive, and he’s working on being less shy about it-- he’d been upset at first, afraid he might cross some line, but Dean’s never worried about that. Sometimes he pauses the kissing to bury his nose right up against a scent gland so he can huff Dean in and he makes this sound that’s halfway between a growl and a purr, and sometimes he latches on like a limpet and just holds Dean to the bed, but…
When he gets to the living room with their glasses of water, Tybalt is perched on the edge of his own personal armchair, watching Dean. As Castiel gets the tray set down on the coffee table, the cat bounds over to the center of the couch, where he places his front paws on Dean’s thigh, giving him a searching look until Castiel sits down in the armchair and Tybalt retreats to curl up in his lap, purr filling the room.
“You never have to do that again.” This time he fumbles to find Cas’ hand, instead of just his knee. “You never have to go back to that place… but--but it stays under your skin.”
Cas hangs Dean’s bathrobe on the hook and gives him one more quick peck, before leaving him o shower, and Dean makes quick work of getting the sweat and dirt off so that he won’t be marinating in his own filth when he lets Cas draw him a bath.
“It’s a lot.” Garth nods. “You’ll feel better after you both eat, though. Reconnecting is an emotional process, but every emotional process goes better if you’re not trying to work through it on an empty stomach.”
“I’ll see if I can’t set up something for college credit, but your role is supervisor, not hacking mentor, if we do.”
“Okay. Well… we can figure out what that means later. You’re setting the bar pretty up there for when we pull this whole thing off and we get to celebrate.”
“Pop the hood.” Dean holds back from the comment he very clearly wants to make, hopping out of the car.
He sighs, his head dropping to the mattress. His thumb traces over the seam of Cas’ lips, feeling them warm and soft and alive, Cas is here with him
Dean does not say any of the obvious things he could say, to that. His brain shorts out when it approaches the very thought.
“He’s gonna be a lawyer.” Dean murmurs, eyes closing. “That’s the job he’s gonna do, my little Sammy. Great big alpha lawyer.”
Cas sends Dean back to Jody’s with a small bag of honey taffy to share with the rest of the foster pack. Really, he’d have given it to him just to have something to hoard for himself, but then Dean had broken out in a grin and said he was about to make the girls’ day, and Cas could hardly argue that he shouldn’t share them.
“I take a shower every single day.” Dean says. “The water pressure? Fantastic. And the water’s hot. And the door locks. I got towels, I got soap.”
“I… yeah.” Cas nods, and nuzzles at his neck, hands warm and gentle on his waist, as he soaks in the idea for a moment before rolling away just enough to let Dean get his pants off. “I don’t want you to go in the other room if you’re more comfortable here.”
Cas follows suit, trading slacks for grey sweatpants-- Dean had bought those, too, in a moment of bold abandon, embracing his newfound comfort with being sexually attracted to an alpha, at least, his own personal dorky little alpha.
Cas’ trauma wasn’t the kind that left scars, just like his scars weren’t the kind that left trauma. But… he still knew what it was like to be tortured, in his own way.
Gabriel’s outside, walking around the apple trees, bundled-up baby in his arms-- when the two are fussing, sometimes it’s best to get them apart so they don’t set each other off in a feedback loop of wailing, and Cas…
“Okay.” Sam squeezes him, and even when they separate, they stay in contact, patting at each other’s shoulders, touching each other’s faces and breaking out into little bouts of shaky, disbelieving laughter.
Cas works his lotioned hands up Dean’s back, after, lets his hand rest a long moment at one shoulder, and then he’s getting Dean’s panties back in place, and sliding into bed to hold Dean close, in his arms and in his wings.
“Forgive me, that was… hardly the time for technicality. But I am not any more fragile than you are.”
He doesn’t leave until Dean goes to take a shower and Jody goes to start on dinner prep, until they both seem like they’ve digested the news and are ready to carry on. But once he’s home, he knows what he has a duty to do.
“Okay, look, Star Wars is… shit, no… Okay, next time I’m gonna bring over the original trilogy so you can borrow ‘em and watch ‘em.”
recovery, given the length of time he’s been held captive, and the mistreatment he’s suffered. His health has been continuing to improve, in many ways. I want you to be adequately prepared-- he very much wants you to see the best in him, even if he won’t be the way you remember him.”
“I’ve been thinking a lot, about… about figuring out what I want, with my future.” Dean’s voice is hesitant, as he carefully tugs Cas’ shirt back down. “I know I don’t have to get it all figured out on any kind of timeline or nothing, but… everything that’s happened, I dunno. I just think… it’s a lot clearer. After talking to Sam, and yesterday we called Bobby, made some plans… I think I know now.”
When they get to the house, Tybalt is quick to leave his chair-- he gives ankles a wide enough berth, but once they’re on the couch, he’s worming his way into Cas’ lap even as Cas and Dean curl into each other.
“Whip it out, okay? And then give me your hand.” He says, motioning for Cas to comply and very much not looking. Which means it’s kind of a shocker when Cas
Rowena rolls her eyes and reaches up to run her fingers through his hair, at which point it’s Tybalt’s turn to make a petty, jealous complaint, mewing sulkily over someone else getting ‘his’ scratches.
“Well. Yes. You’ve put on good weight… you’ve gotten sun-- at least, your face and your forearms have. You look
In the end, Dean is thrilled to help him knock down the fence, thrilled to get tools in his hand and set to work fixing up the chicken coop, while Cas helps Gabriel and Rowena move into the house-- rather, he drives back and forth across town a hundred times with a full truck bed.
“I mean…” He sweeps a hand out towards the garden. “You’ve told me all this stuff about soil and crop rotation and plants, and today you taught me about how bees work, and you help run this whole organization and you plan stuff out there, so you tell me. Sounds like you know your stuff. Even if you don’t know any bands.”
“Nobody is smart enough for this. Nobody is smart enough for any of this.” Sam drops down to the floor, folding his legs and leaning against the bed next to Dean’s legs. “Nobody is smart enough to figure out how to break into that book without Death. Nobody is smart enough to figure out how to kill
“Thanks for coming. It, um… I’m glad Jody had to drop me off and run, or I probably wouldn’t have asked you.” Dean says, walking with Cas out to his parking spot. “Whoa, your brother left you with a pimpmobile!”
for you.” His hands cover Cas’, guide them in moving over his chest, through the worn henley. It’s a soft green, it brings out his eyes… hugs him, thin and close-fitting. Not tight, just… close. “Do you know how long it’s been since I even looked at anyone else?”
“Of course.” Cas’ smile widens, and his thumb sweeps in gentle arcs. “I bought a jar of honey. Sam picked out several vegetables. I got you some good pie apples. And we let Jack pick out some things he’ll want to show you… I bought some potted herbs I wanted to try growing in our kitchen, Sam promised to pick up a sun lamp for them while he and Jack are out… Just a couple, to see how they do. Basil and thyme. And I bought some candles, since we never know when we’ll need candles… and I bought you some fudge.”
“You got a lot to be proud of, too. In case you don’t hear that enough.” He reaches back again, to squeeze Cas’ leg.
Cas has a couple scars, faint ones, from before the strike team had body armor. First time Dean had seen him, he hadn’t even registered them, not until much later. His thumb had found one, during their second or third round of feeling each other up-- not making out, still, not really feeling super sexy. Arousal had been kind of… not on-and-off, exactly, but up-and-down, and never so up that they had to stop and talk about what to do about it. It was that same night, when they’d gone to bed together in nothing but boxer shorts, when they’d touched each other everywhere those boxers didn’t cover, under the blankets, when they’d laughed softly between gentle pecks and lazy, directionless conversation… his thumb had been rubbing over the spot and he felt it, when he hadn’t really seen it, and Cas had told him the story of the first time a guy had pulled a knife on him. How he’d been grazed a little, that everything from that fight had faded except the one that actually sank in, but how it hadn’t really hurt until he was getting stitches and his adrenaline had gone back down.
He keeps the house as scent-neutral as possible out of habit, though now they have facilities in place and he’s never in the position of having to share his home with rescued omegas-- and now that Gabriel no longer lives with him, it is admittedly a different thing to offer a spare bed as an unmated alpha living alone. Jody’s chosen to keep her home open, for those who can’t safely go back to their families, who haven’t yet got a new place to go to by the time they graduate the temporary housing-- she mostly takes in teens who need extra support and stability to finish school, though, another reason for his erroneous mental picture of who Dean would be. He’s glad he built the habit, now that Dean is here, scenting the air and slowly settling. And then, a few steps in, Dean freezes.
“Think you could keep doing that? Least until my heart rate goes back to normal. Or, comes back out the other side of normal but in a nice way?”
“Castiel, right? Gabe and Jody said you could use a hand?” Dean ducks his head-- a nervous, reflexive bit of submissive posture that feels out of place given his stature.
Cas’ other hand is palming his ass, through the cool pink satin, and it warms quickly with his touch.
He undoes his fly, drop his pants. Rather than stepping out and bending to gather them up for the laundry, he frees one foot and uses the other to toss them up into his hand, easy and practiced, his other hand resting against the wall by the hamper for balance. The stark white cotton boxers rest low on his hips, showing off more of the trail of dark hair leading down below the waistband, showing off legs just as impressive as his upper half. Not that Dean didn’t have an inkling-- he’s seen the way his favorite pairs of Cas’ pants hug those thighs.
“Yes.” Cas sounds a little breathless, and that earthy side to his scent is stronger, less like it might disappear. “I like… I like when you
“It’s your first time being out like this. How you handled that moment doesn’t negate all the progress you have made-- it can’t take away all the people you talked to today, the people you made laugh, the people who bought things from you, how much you’ve helped me. It can’t take away the fact that you tried something new today and liked it, with the hummus, or that today you rode in an unfamiliar vehicle with an alpha other than Jody. You shouldn’t be ashamed of today.”
It had been a back room, and it had been clean enough, and he’d been young, and he’d understood going in that he wasn’t going to have his hand held. But he’d liked it. He knew how to handle pain before he got his tattoo, and anyway, it was… It came with a rush, and the vibrations sent these mixed signals to his brain, so it didn’t exactly feel like pain while it was happening.
He looks up at Sam again, unable to work words around the feeling that floods him at that. Is Sam comparing them on purpose? Comparing whatever flirtation they have to the bond Dean and Cas share? It’s not right and it’s not fair, but hell if Dean knows what direction to tell him he’s wrong in. Because he and Cas aren’t-- he and Cas don’t-- They weren’t like Sam with Eileen. They never teetered on the brink of a romance. Did they? He can’t even begin to think about that part, of what Cas told him when he said goodbye, it’s too enormous and it hurts too much to take it apart without Cas
Cas laughs weakly, and kisses Dean’s neck, chaste but fervent, one arm around him, his other hand stroking Tybalt’s side until he settles.
Also, how soon he can get up from the table might depend on how often Cas licks bacon grease and toast crumbs off his fingers, but he’s going to try not to think about that.
It’s brief, hesitant, but it’s sweet, and when his eyes flutter open again, he sees the apple blossoms that have drifted down into Dean’s hair and bursts out grinning.
His body remembers this, too. Grabbing on tight and getting first one knee hooked around, leaving the platform entirely, the swooping feeling in his stomach that comes from suddenly dangling, sky overhead, getting his other leg up around the rope. True, it means relying on his lower body to hang on and hold its own weight, but in terms of the real work, he’s leading with his arms, using them to pull the rest of himself along-- it doesn’t strain his lower back, or put undue stress on his hips, and the rhythm of it is familiar. He used to have deep calluses from this, his whole palms rough… different from just working in the garden, but at least he’s had that work to keep him from getting too soft.
was something special. You thought I deserved to be saved. Not ‘cause I was human and I had a pulse still, but like… I mean, what do I do with that?”
“A lot’s happened. It’s… Look, this is the only version of me you’ve ever met, it’s different. You don’t… you don’t see the stuff that’s missing.”
“Good. I know… I know you’ll take good care of me, Cas. You’re the best alpha there is, you got that? You’re-- you’re perfect for me. And you’re gonna touch me real good, I know it. Gonna… gonna use those big, strong hands of yours. Your hands are always so warm… they always make me feel good.”
“No, they don’t. It’s… it’s like I said before, I don’t like the reminder of how much you’ve been hurt, of course it upsets me to think of how you were abused… but it’s also true that it would be a disservice to you for me to focus on that, and not on your recovery. It bothers me that you suffered… it doesn’t bother me to touch you, all of you, the way you are. Scars and all.”
“Hello, Dean.”  Cas smiles, as Dean approaches the truck, giving the roof a little pat. “It is for Mondays. Or for any other occasion when a truck comes in handy. Gabriel and Rowena only have a single parking spot at their current place, so I still have Gabriel’s car.”
“Yeah, he… he told me there’s a guy who sells really good bacon there? And that the hummus guy gives generous samples.”
.” Cas’ whisper is a low rumble, he tilts his head to kiss the heel of Dean’s hand. “Believe in us?”
“My family believed there are two types of movies-- movies where God-fearing omegas learn to love a life of obediently rearing a dozen children for a properly authoritative alpha male, and movies that lead to moral decay.” He rolls his eyes. “I wish I was exaggerating.”
“Cas…” He takes a deep breath. “Whatever happens… if you’re mortal now, you can’t go putting yourself in front of me, because I can’t do that again. Hell, I couldn’t do it this time, I-- Whatever happens, don’t ask me to lose you again.”
“Should’ve thought of that before you stuffed me.” Dean groans, but Cas knows it’s not a no. He knows how much Dean likes it this way, sated and sleepy blowjobs after an evening of slow and easy foreplay.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “A lightweight one, yes. He’s normally dressed-- when it’s chilly, he needs the help, and when it’s not, it keeps him from getting sunburned-- and I’d like to see you try to keep a cat from finding a sunbeam.”
Dean falls quiet after that, finishes his soup without much tasting it and lets Jack take the bowl back. Sam lingers, shuffling from foot to foot and standing over him as he sits over Cas.
, exactly…” He waffles, rubbing at Tybalt’s ears. “I don’t think I really have a favorite, it’s more… I don’t know. Ask me when it’s over.”
If he was any further away, he wouldn’t have heard it. If his thumb wasn’t still there to feel Cas’ lips moving, he might have thought he’d imagined it.
And it didn’t all come from Alastair-- Cas finds himself holding just a little tighter to Gabriel, as that thought hits him all over again. If Dean didn’t know that he could see his brother again, without also having to see his father? If every time he thought about seeing Sam again, he thought about the things their father would say about him, worried about what Sam would think of him, not on his own, but guided by that man? Of course he wasn’t ready… not until Sam showed up alone and the clear opposite of the man who’d failed to truly raise either of them.
“So are you. So am I. So is Jack. We’re all just normal humans now, but if we can’t do this, then what’s the point? What are we living for if we can’t pull off one last win?”
Dean’s scent-blockers work to keep his own distress private-- as private as it can be, with him on the ground, but no one’s really looking their way. He’d been all but completely silent in it, and the tablecloths on the tables block much of the view of him. Cas risks placing a hand on his shoulder, and though Dean lets out a soft keening sound, he doesn’t flinch away from Cas’ touch-- he leans in a little. He’s still trembling, when he uncurls enough to look up at Cas, and there’s a certain haze over his vision for a moment, a sense of his still being elsewhere, in his mind. A moment more and he breaks eye contact, curling in on himself once more even as he rises, trading chairs with Cas.
“I killed him, Sammy.” His voice wavers, quiet under the sniffling, the shuddering of his breaths, and he can’t say anything without falling apart, but he can’t hold himself together any longer, either.
Cas does not-- he feels like he’s missed something. Like some vital step in the conversation must have passed while he was focused too much on Dean’s hands, how diligently and carefully they work to massage the balm into his skin, how the warmth of his touch helps with the loosening of stressed and strained muscle. He gives a hum that he hopes says ‘I know what you mean and am definitely paying the correct amount of attention to you and not too little and definitely not too much’, and not ‘I’m sorry, but having you touch me seems to have made me stupid, so you’ll have to run that by me again’.
Second, a biological note: I'm writing an a/b/o universe where ambiguous genitalia is a fairly common thing-- mostly because I'm coming to a/b/o as a trans man and that's what fuels my interest in reading and writing about worlds where some men can give birth but they have to put up with being feminized/reduced to society defining them by the uterus, being fetishized, infantilized, or harassed in turn. So... yeah. Feels good to take that kind of world and take a character who's been through the ringer and give him a happy ending.
“Why?” Cas frowns up at him, his hand stilling, the slick lotioned sound of hand on cock coming to a halt. “Is it more pleasurable when done by another person?”
And he’ll stay an unmated alpha, perhaps forever, because there’s an omega out there for him, but… well, who wants a crippled alpha? And that’s increasingly his life, no point pretending it isn’t.
“God, no. And I don’t want-- I don’t want to be like that. Beholden, to… urges, base instinct. I… There’s a man that I… I’m attracted to him. The feelings I’ve been having are… positive towards him. I don’t know if there’s any hope of… I don’t know what is and isn’t possible between us, but I know that if… if there was any chance he would be interested in me, it can’t be like that. The idea of losing control, of being just another animal alpha… I can’t be that.”
He taps the photograph, and the boy in the picture has bright green eyes-- the young man across the desk from him has brown eyes. Maybe leaning towards hazel, in the right light, but the boy in the photograph isn’t him.
“You can stay anywhere you feel comfortable.” Cas promises, heart soaring at the thought of providing that kind of sense of security-- and at the way Dean ducks down to kiss his chin before nuzzling down into his neck. Maybe he could see fit to not block his scent when he isn’t going into the center, if it makes Dean feel safer rather than less so…
“Huh? Oh-- um, yes. No. Dean, this is David. David, Dean. Someone Gabriel recommended to  me, he’s been helping with some of the heavy work in the garden, and now with this. Though I’m sure Gabriel and Rowena will be along later. I know my brother is always happy to abuse your generous sample policy.”
He misses Sam’s response-- the tone of shock bleeds through over the sudden pounding in his head at the clear implication behind the not-quite-a-question. The worry, either sudden or long-simmering, that someone he relied on had sold him somehow, arranged for his kidnapping, arranged not to be there.
. The ennui has lifted, he’s in the sweet spot between being sore and worn out after one PT session and stiff and sore in need of the next, he doesn’t even have his cane when he answers the door.
…” He growls, breaking away and pressing his forehead to Dean’s shoulder. He can’t take in deep breaths to calm himself because he’s just breathing in  more and more of Dean. Dean, that bedraggled and broken creature he’d felt such an immediate possessive instinct over… he chokes on a sob, holding tighter to him.
“Don’t wanna think better of this. If I punk out, that’s not me thinking better, okay? This, whatever this is… we do have a pack here. You know, and I’m so grateful, for you taking Sammy in. Not just the job ‘cause he earned that himself, but I mean… not letting him be all on his own in a new city. Don’t think young alphas get brought into packs much when they’re new in town-- least, when we were kids, our old man never did. But Sam can’t live that way, all on his own. And you guys… look, I know you all went the extra mile for him ‘cause of me. And that makes us pack. And that’s not hormones talking, okay? That’s all stuff I wanted to tell you before my heat, only it came on a little faster than I thought it would.”
“Yeah, maybe. It’s… it’s different, when it’s you. You’re different, from… other things I’ve had before, other times I tried to get serious. Could never… could never be my whole self with another person.”
First, this chapter touches on Cas' experience with conversion therapy, though it doesn't go in depth on it.
“Cute.” Dean snorts. Tybalt chatters softy at him, before settling back down on his chair. “So… same as last week, right?”
“I could still do part of the course.” He finds himself saying, only it’s the stupid part of him saying it, the part of him that’s seen Dean impressed and just wants to keep him that way, just wants to have Dean look at him like he’s still…
“Everything’s just through here.” Cas nods, dropping the subject. Dean can pursue it when he’s ready.
“Hey.” He whispers, hand moving to Cas’ cheek. “You, uh… you go ahead and rest up, uh… shit. Here I am thinking I’m never going to get you back, swearing up and down if I
He laughs softly at the admission, something Dean feels as much as he hears, the warmth of Cas’ breath huffing out against slightly-damp skin.
“I… I used to be-- and now, everything’s… God, and I remember him, this little shrimpy twerp, you know? Real smart-ass at Scrabble. This kid who’d look at me like I… like no matter how I presented, it didn’t matter to him, ‘cause I was his cool big brother. ‘Cause I taught him how to tie his shoes and make macaroni and cheese, so if I ever… if I ever wasn’t there to cook for him, he’d be okay. I can’t just fucking fix this with mac and cheese.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say. He’s a good worker, and coming over once a week to help with the garden is amenable to his schedule. Tybalt seemed to approve of him, I fed him lunch, I’ll be paying him by the hour. It’s not mentally challenging and it lets him do something physical out of doors, so it’s a welcome break from his study routine, I think.” Castiel shrugs, rearranging the candies. “He’s… still working on believing in himself, but he’s working on it. That’s the impression I got. A little self-deprecating, and I understand being around me was a big step, I can’t fault him being uncertain, or deferring decision-making to me, especially under the circumstances, he was in my house, working for me, it’s not like we ran into each other in a neutral space and fell into a conversation. But I can tell that he’s trying. I can see where he’s been talking to Garth, and how Jody’s place must be good for him.”
Well, this one’s been secret for a long, long time. One he’s never shared with anybody-- even Rhonda, the girl who hooked him on it, didn’t know what it did for him. Not really.
“Good. Good, I-- I hoped. And no, we-- Gabriel and I don’t exactly have warm, fuzzy memories of our childhood home, and Rowena’s never celebrated, I’d be free to meet your uncle any time.”
The pamphlets aren’t all career-oriented-- they wander that way before braving small talk with strangers, and alongside titles such as VOCATIONAL STUDY OPPORTUNITIES, YOUR HIGHER EDUCATION OPTIONS, and OMEGAS IN THE WORKFORCE, there are pamphlets on other topics. Titles like STARTING A HEALTHY FAMILY alongside THE CHOICE TO BE CHILD FREE. And then, LOVING THE MASCULINE OMEGA.
Dean moves into his lap, wraps his arms around Cas’ shoulders. He winds his own around Dean’s waist in return, revels in the weight of him, the nearness, the solidity of his flesh. There is such a comfort in holding him. There has always been…
They’re closed, Cas’ lips brush over his eyelids. The bridge of his nose, the apples of his cheeks, he slowly works his way down, bypassing his lips and ending with his chin.
“You… right, you said you have a brother, too, who-- Thank you. Yeah. I still… I need to digest this? This is huge, you have no idea-- or, you have some idea, but-- I mean, you know.”
“It is… hazy.” He admits, one hand still cupping Dean’s face, the other raking through his hair. “But it’s coming back to me. I was able to separate myself from my grace. The Empty kept that, and I was… ejected. Weak… changed. Into what… I am less certain.”
“Yes. Slow.” He agrees, and he returns to Dean’s lips. “I feel good knowing you enjoy this. Any way that you enjoy it.”
“No.” Cas’ voice is gentle, but not the way people get when they’re bullshitting you. Dean can hear the lotion squirt into his hand, the slick sound as he warms it up between his palms. “It’s… I’ve seen better, and I’ve seen worse. Some of these healed badly, but it doesn’t put me off of touching you.”
“No, of course.” He turns away, faster than Dean thinks he should be able to move, his expression tight. “You don’t… you don’t want that, from me. I understand, of course. I…”
“Motivated.” Cas strokes Dean’s cheek just once, before letting his hand settle around one shoulder, firm and protective despite the lack of anything external to protect him
“I wouldn’t have bugged you, but… yeah.” Dean nods, drifting from standing at Garth’s elbow to standing at his.
He turns back and bends to kiss the top of her head, in a gesture of binding agreement, before hurrying off.
“I know what mom and dad did fucked you over. But that doesn't mean you can't be loved.” His voice is soft, and it’s that kind of insight, that kind of care, that makes Cas sure he really will be a wonderful father. The one he thinks none of them ever had. Not the two of them, not Rowena, not Dean.
He loses track of time, just lying around enjoying his panties, doesn’t have the chance to hide them before Cas gets home, he’s lying on his stomach when he hears the door open, hears Cas taking in a soft breath.
“Yes.” He shrugs, his hand trailing down to Dean’s belly, then up-- across his chest, to his shoulder, it fits to his shoulder. He used to be branded there and he wants to be again. “Tell me about your day?”
Cas stares. He’d expected ‘guest bedroom’, ‘home office’, maybe ‘craft room’, but Gabriel is describing a nursery, and for once, he’s not joking.
“Heya, bossman.” She waves at him, as he sets the tray down in front of them. “Haven’t seen you around the office lately. Forgot how you looked outside of a screen.”
“I think Bobby would’ve killed him if he didn’t. It was a couple months before we really heard from him. He called and said he got a lead on the guy but that he and you were both long gone, out of state. Week or so after that, he sent a bunch of money, and then… I dunno. We heard from him less and less.”
more of it than he hasn’t. It’s just that there’s so much he’s never allowed himself, and he’s hungry for it.
“Ask me for anything else. Don’t ask me to leave you to this without me. It’s the only thing I could never give you. I have only ever been good for one thing, and it’s this. It’s what I know, it’s what I want… it’s something I can still do. I can still stand by you.”
He had… not been in Cas’ socioeconomic circle. He’d had a motel bathroom and more fear and shame than he could scrub away, and John Winchester would head out whenever, as he so eloquently put it, Dean started to stink up the place like a damn bitch in heat. He’d had nightmares about the lock and chain on the door not holding, little nine year old Sammy in the position of trying to defend him against something, someone, that was what occupied his first couple heats. When he could get on suppressants,  he was, always. He couldn’t always get them, and what he could get wasn’t always reliable. The physical desperation came later, and the worst of the shame, but his body quit going into heat when he was Alastair’s plaything. And Alastair liked his omegas to beg, but not for more.
“It certainly is. We were just discussing the mint and basil-- they’re starting to get overgrown again, we thought we’d set up some starters and take some live herbs to market.”
Dean’s palms are sweating. How long have his palms been sweating? But he’d explained it so that Cas is expecting to be kissed now, and hell, it may be his only chance. One nice little kiss between friends and then he can go back to pretending he doesn’t have dreams about the angel.
“I started all of this after seeing the conditions my own brother was sold into, after springing him. I understand… I understand the moment you grow up into the protector, when you’ve always had an older brother protecting you. I don’t understand the pain of being too late to save him. But… we have saved omegas from long-term captivity before.”
“That’s good paste.” Dean adds, before turning his own attention onto Cas. “How come a guy who can take one bite and name every herb in a thing can’t cook for crap?”
It’s only after they’re back home, when he’s admiring it again in their own mirror, that he asks Cas what it says.
“Well… she’s got her old nest egg, and… the apartment’s been fine, you know, but you’ve got neighbors banging around and it’s not too cramped for two, but there’s not a lot of room for entertaining, or… I don’t know if we’d ever really take on the kind of work Jody does, you know, but… a little more space, something we could really call ours. Figured we might, uh, hunt around your neighborhood. We’d be close for Monday market and the occasional family dinner, we’d actually be able to have you over instead of always crashing your space… and it would just be good to know we
to know if it isn’t Jack, because that means it’s Chuck, which they are woefully unprepared to deal with.
“Hey, gotta be fond of something, right?” Dean winks, and Cas nearly blurts out ‘I’m fond of you’, but stops himself.
“Get some sleep, sweetheart.” He kneads at Cas’ shoulder, before wrapping him up in a firm hold. “I’ll watch over you this time.”
He gives himself a couple strokes first to show Cas what he means, spreads around the slick he’s starting to leak in order to make the action smoother, and then he takes his own hand away.
“I would have been too young at any age-- or too old, conversely. Too young for it to be okay, or too old to be under someone else’s control… She worked with me for… a while. It was another year before they triggered my first rut. Trying to keep me somewhat on track with my older brothers, I suppose. They gave me a series of injections and locked me in this room… I’d been educated on the, uh, the
The whole thing goes smoothly, from loading the truck to making the drive to setting up the stall. Dean is just as capable of taking direction without relying on too much managing as he is in the garden-- when it comes to getting the pergola set up, he doesn’t actually need much direction.
“You don’t want to hear about that.” Dean’s voice filters back through, as Gabriel falls silent, catches Cas’ ear again and doesn’t let go.
Dean is a surprisingly charming salesman, despite his earlier anxiety about being around a crowd for the first time since his rescue. He winds up chatting to a growing group of young women, betas and omegas alike just as thoroughly charmed as they usually are by Gabriel. There’s a slightly different spin to the way he casually flirts with customers, how it comes off as friendly and social rather than an earnest play is the same but the style is different. Still, he can see what Gabriel meant, when he said he and Dean had their similarities. If Dean hadn’t lost ten years of his life the way that he did, he might have the same loud and carefree swagger, but even with all he’s been through, there’s just… something there. Something bright about him. He
“I mean… it’s not like we never heard from him again. He wasn’t going to stay at Bobby’s if he couldn’t bring you back. He dropped me off and headed right back to Nevada. Talked to a couple guys he knew who he thought could, um… guys who are good at finding people.”
“Because Deep Throat’s not real and nobody’s got a g-spot down the back of their throat.” He says, like he wouldn’t choke himself on Cas in a hot second if it wasn’t probably some kind of blasphemy and almost certain to fuck up whatever weird kind of friendship they have.
It’s Dean who gets him into the house, gets him laid out on the couch. He’s on the verge of panic, and Cas is having a difficult time seeing past the shame, not to mention the physical pain, to offer any comfort.
Dean joins him, quiet as the car pulls out and onto the street. It’s not until they hit the light that he speaks up.
“He was in Nevada, Dean. Probably hit the jackpot for exactly once in his life. Told Bobby it was so I’d have a college fund, so I could make something of myself… even with the scholarship, it was helpful, cost of living and everything. I mean… for a couple days, I think we were waiting to hear he robbed a bank or something, but knowing dad…”
“I’m so sorry.” Cas whispers, turning towards him, tucking in against him in turn. There’s a slight sour distress that overpowers his everyday scent neutralizing, but only just.
“Overdid it?” Gabriel sits next to him, and Cas ignores the teasing tone, throwing an arm around his brother and resting their heads together. “What? What did I do to deserve this? Just the irresistible glow of pregnancy?”
Dean goes limp, with his head on Cas’ knee, shoulders heaving with one silent sob before going still again.
at the core of him building. Dean holds his legs open and lets the rest of him just melt, until he’s shaking apart under Cas’ careful ministrations, until his legs are bouncing against his hold like he’s on a caffeine overload, the muscles in his thighs and his belly twitching, his dick and his hole twitching, too. Can Cas see that, the way at least one part of him does ache to be filled up on his own terms?
And then Dean’s got to keep his legs spread without Cas’ help, because Cas’ other hand is on him now, his fingers gently exploring labia Dean barely pays attention to himself, when he’s getting off solo. It’s a whole other thing, to have the man he loves, the man he’s invited, touching him this way, electric sparks running up his spine and the hungry, wet
“They’re fine. It’s-- Someone came to me the other day, about taking a position with the center. He’s a young lawyer.”
. And then our plan was just to liquidate everything we could. We sold off watches, electronics, things like that. And then I sold that car-- one of those sport utility vehicles that had never been used for either sport or utility. Glossy black, tinted windows, all the bells and whistles… That car was in my name, but it was never mine. It was never
“Cas, you did what you did for him, he knows that, hell, I know that. You know that. He’s just gonna be glad to have you back.” Sam pats his shoulder.
.” Cas’ smile is languid, his eyes heavy-lidded, and he pushes the flannel shirt down from Dean’s shoulders. “I never dreamed… not for me. Not for me…”
“See ya, Cas.” Dean gives him a shy, aborted salute, slouching down behind Jody as if she could hide him.
He relays that story to Gabriel on Monday, when it’s just the two of them running the stall because Rowena’s seeing to Bess Fitzgerald. She’d dropped Gabriel off early and blown Cas a kiss from the car, leaving him with an apologetic reminder that she can’t stop babies from being born on a Monday. But it had been the two of them alone once upon a time, and Gabriel is as charming a salesperson as Rowena is.
“Understandably. But Gabriel’s right, Dean is safe and he’ll be taken care of, he’ll spend a couple of days out of contact with any alphas just for his own comfort…”
, those things aren’t likely to come to your door, or show up at your market stall. And you know exactly who you can turn to if anything ever did happen to Gabriel again, or to his pups. You know who to call and you know how good they are at what they do, if you need some backup when it comes to physical protection. But let me ask you something.”
“And Garth-- Garth, Sam.” Cas says, watching as Garth goes straight for the hug. “Uh, Garth is in charge of counseling, the non-physical side of trauma recovery. He also organizes groups that are omega-only spaces for, uh…”
He picks one of the apples, pink-streaked and sweet-tart and firm enough for baking, if they’re ready. Breathes in the scent of the skin before taking a bite.
“I just don’t… like being away from you. You got sucked up into the Empty in a scene straight out of… fucking Spawn, and it’s a miracle I get you back, but then you get your ass handed to you by Chuck and… I mean I know, historically, I’m a guy who can’t catch a break, but the past couple days have been a whole new level of not catching a break.”
He hangs up the Do Not Disturb sign, and hopes he’ll be able to just tell Sam he picked up a girl for a little afternoon delight.
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess. You wanna watch Tales From the Hive again after a couple bloody ones? Wind down with something not so scary?” He smiles.
“If you die, I’m taking my shirt back.” He says, because why not make the dumbest, pettiest argument possible?
“Mister Winchester, I appreciate your feeling, but in many cases we can’t look for family until the client in question tells us which family members they’ll be safe with. After everything your brother went through, he needed to do a certain amount of healing before he could think about that… but in the end, well… here you are. I’ve spoken to Dean, I’d like to send you a time and location, so we can arrange your reunion. Is that all right?”
Cas likes to think he did the right thing, back then. He had saved everyone he went in to save, after all, but more importantly, he’d been very careful not to abuse his position, not to sniff out anything more about the John Doe he’d once held in his arms. He doesn’t know anything about him but his smell, and in time the memory of that will have to fade. Under all the bruising and the dirt and blood, he doesn’t know what the man looked like, much less what he’d look like now, with a year of recovery under his belt. He doesn’t know where he’s from or where he might have gone back to, what family he might have been safe trusting. He doesn’t know the sound of his voice.
“Mm-mm.” He shakes his head a little, burrows in closer, one hand sliding up Cas’ back until his fingertips find the soft warmth of invisible feathers. “Easier to hide just one pair.”
When his hand returns to Dean’s shoulder, Dean stirs, just slightly, and so Sam stands back quietly and watches. He must have heard them talking, Cas’ voice must have broken through to him in his sleep, spurred him to try and claw his way back to wakefulness. Watches the gentleness with which Cas murmurs to him, watches the way he gives up on encouraging Dean to sleep, with that achingly familiar look of fond consternation. It’s a look he’s given Sam and Jack on occasion, but Dean gets it the most.
“I’d say he’s lucky enough now.” Rowena digs her knitting out of her bag and beckons him back over to the chair beside her own, where she can wind her skein of yarn around his hands. “He’s safe now, and he couldn’t have better help in getting back to who he’s meant to be. It’s a bad lot that befell him once, but Jody says he’s made
“Well… Sam’ll like it.” He beams, though there’s still a touch of shyness around too much praise, an instinct to shrug off anything too positive. But… he doesn’t deny it outright anymore, either. “Kid always liked vegetable stew… though when he was little, it came out of a can and it had alphabet pasta in it. Course, it was
about making yourself the kind of presence that our clients can feel safe around. You’ve also seen a lot of the cruelty that some alphas are capable, including members of your own family. I think it’s easy to internalize a lot of the worst of what we see here, and I think it’s easy to forget, when that’s what you see and deal with, when you hear about it even when working remotely, that that behavior isn’t born of true alpha instinct. Those are just choices that some people make, and when they make the choice to hurt others, some people need to tell themselves it’s natural, it’s what anyone would do. But we know that’s not the truth.”
“Let him go. You got me, you got me, just let him go.” He pleads, feels a crushing pressure hold him to the ground.
Cas does just that, closes his eyes and does what he can to relax and let Dean clean and patch him up, strip him down to his underwear… He’d wanted his first time doing this to be sexier, but you can’t always get what you want. He can give him a sponge-bath with the towels, bandage what needs bandaging, ointments and stuff for what needs… ointmenting. And then he can get him into his sweatpants, lay a blanket over his bare chest and arms.
“Well, all right. I’ll set you up some goodies for her, then. That’s some sausage for Alex, ground chuck for burgers for Krissy… send along some soup bones and pork chops and then a lil bacon for Sunday breakfast, and if I got a whole chicken on my hands when you come ‘round to pick ‘er up, one o’ them, too. Plus the eggs.”
“Yeah.” Garth smiles at him, nodding a little. “They work, even if it might not look exactly traditional. There are a lot of ways to protect someone. You’re used to being one kind of protector, but you said yourself, you don’t want to be in the kind of position your last raid put you in-- finding other ways of feeding that inner alpha’s need to protect is going to be real good for you. I know right now you don’t have all that figured out, but we can work on it together. And I bet you could think of something. Something you already do that makes the people in  your life-- not just omegas-- feel safe and protected. That’s homework, okay? You don’t have to have an answer right now, but the next time we talk, I really hope you’ll be able to bring me a list of the ways you’re a good alpha.”
.” He tells himself, because thinking it in his head’s not enough. “He’s with Jack, having a father-son heart to heart and he’s
“I’ll give you some privacy-- let me grab your robe. And I’ll be right here when you want me.” He says, and then…
…” Cas looks at him like the question breaks his fucking heart, like he could be that person, and it’s confusing as hell, it makes Dean’s guts twist up, but it’s also the opposite of a boner kill. “You deserve. Please… please permit me to show you what it is you deserve. Allow me to adore you.”
“Hm, perhaps it would be for the best.” Cas nods, though he snares Dean’s hand before he can leave, and brings it up to his lips. “I hope I am equipped to help Jack put a handle on what he is feeling.”
“I don’t even understand how you’re here in the first place.” He shakes his head. “How can I trust you won’t-- I’m not used to being able to hold onto a good thing, Cas.”
The plan itself is as solid as anything else they could have come up with-- for what little that’s worth. It’s just that it’s hard for Dean to think about anything that isn’t Cas, in danger, when he’s just got him back. Cas, who Chuck doesn’t want for his grand plan the way he needs Dean and Sam’s compliance. Cas, who’s frail now, depowered, highly vulnerable. And Sam, putting him in harm’s way when they don’t know what the fuck they’re doing, because they can’t break into the fucking book.
“I will not drop your brother.” Cas says to Sam, before turning back to Dean, adoration frigging shining in his eyes. “He is far too precious to me.”
“We might not make it, next week.” Gabriel says without preamble, as he and Rowena help get the truck loaded for the market. “Got an appointment we’ve been trying to move, but it’s been a real bitch.”
“It’s a rough translation.” Cas smiles, taking Dean’s chin in hand, and tilting him in to be kissed. “I think you’ll know the sentiment best as… ‘I am the one who gripped you tight, and raised you from perdition’. And, of course, below, in the reverse… Never forget, when I saved you, I was saved also, Beloved. Never forget, taking you in my keeping is what set me free.”
“Yes.” Cas sits on the edge of Dean’s bed, and rests a hand on his shoulder. “I had not realized, how painful it would be for him… but there was no other way. I did not intend… I did not know. Nor did I know I would be able to return, it… it pained me, in the Empty, to think of the pain I had caused him, to think I would never be able to…”
He laughs weakly. “I do recall you describing him as… what was it, ‘a whole bag of dicks’? No, just… I’m very glad that I was able to find you when I did. I hate that I’m the only one who went after you… but I’m glad that he was thrown out, and I’m glad that… I’m glad we’re here.”
“They just went in the ground. I’ll make sure you get your pick of the first harvest.” Cas smiles. “Anything in particular you would recommend this week?”
“I meant what if we were banging. You know, like… the kind of intimate Sam doesn’t need to see. You go back to sleep.” He tucks the blankets back up around him, and pushes him gently back down when he starts to sit. “I mean it, you need your rest.”
It’s not as if he’s really against doing so-- he’s not relying on his cane, which makes carrying the box easier. He talks to Jody as often as he talks to just about anyone and he’s been to her home before, though rarely past the front door, conscious of the potential fragility of any of her charges.
“No stopwatch, this one’s just for fun. It’s not the whole course.” Jody nods. “Where are we starting?”
She snorts at the finger-quotes. “No. He needs to learn to be around unmated alphas again without feeling threatened, you’re trustworthy and you have a job he can do. Castiel, dear… Dean’s been through hell, and I don’t say so lightly. He was rescued some time ago, from one of the Masters’ operations.”
“Well, uh, let’s just say number five is Parenting. And if you’re acting as pack leader, you’ll probably have some of those instincts come through as an uncle, but I wouldn’t worry about it too much-- the first three is where you want to start, and when you’re comfortable talking about Procreating and Parenting, we’ll get into it. But you said you’ve never been in rut, so… I don’t want to throw all that at you  too fast. Look, some alphas have naturally low drives, where, uh, procreation is concerned. It’s unusual not to have ruts-- some alphas prefer not to engage in sexual activity with a partner outside of their ruts, some have fewer or less intense ruts… I think that it’s something to look at, because never having one is unusual, but I also want you to know that it’s okay if you do the work to untangle any trauma around your sexuality and what you find is that you just aren’t built that way. If it doesn’t cause you distress, I’m not going to label it as unhealthy just because it’s outside the norm. But it sounds like you’re not sure right now yourself-- you’re used to pushing your inner alpha down because you’ve been worried about what you’d find, or about loss of control… and a first rut  can definitely feel a little scary. It feels like a loss of control, because your body is going through these extremes. But a healthy, natural rut isn’t stronger than your own sense of self-control, and it can’t make you do something you don’t want to do. It can’t make you hurt someone-- but it can sometimes be hard to get your equilibrium when it’s something you’re not used to yet, and most alphas get a couple of false ruts early on. Plus it’s totally normal to spend your first few true ruts alone.”
Well, okay, a little bit, once. But you know what they say, what happens in purgatory stays in purgatory. He’s not sure if it actually even happened.
“Well, when we left, it was…” He pauses, with an almost soundless chuckle. “We rented a trailer and packed it and the car our father bought me with as much as we really… physically
“I don’t remember anything about you, from that night.” Dean strokes his face again, tracing over the shape of his cheekbone, his jaw, smoothing along under one eye and over his brow with a thumb, feeling out his lips with feather-light fingertips. “But I know I’m safe when I’m with you. I know the first time I stepped into your bedroom and I could smell the real you on the sheets, it was like finding a home. And I think that’s gotta be enough for me, ‘cause… ‘cause we got different sets of first impressions, and-- and maybe I don’t need to remember that night, ‘cause I do remember the farmers’ market, and the mixer after Garth’s thing, and I remember you coming to tell me you found Sam, if anyone else had pulled me out of that hellhole, you’d still be my hero.”
“Fair enough.” He levers himself up out of his chair, grinning over at Cas. “Sense of smell’s getting real sensitive, I do have to clear out when she works her magic.”
“Yeah, how come a guy who can’t cook for crap grows herbs? I mean, vegetables I get. Kind of. Apples I get. You don’t exactly pick a handful of rosemary and just stuff it in your mouth and go, though.”
“Yeah, well, I hate to break it to you, Cas, but it ain’t exactly ‘love’ when you want a stranger in a biker bar to bend you over the pool table and you want him to leave the cowboy boots on.”
He guides Dean to the truck, not examining the feeling this time. Once they’re on the road, box on the seat between them bearing gifts for Jody’s place, burritos rapidly devoured, he feels better, anyway.
More like Dean’s never made a conscious decision to keep his back turned, and now it seems like until they decide to go for it, it’s more polite? He doesn’t know whether that’s going to be a big part of things, with them. He’s not really ready to have that conversation, he’s still dealing with the fact that he’s got Cas back at all, and some part of him won’t relax and accept it. There’s still too much hanging over them, and maybe the Empty can’t take him back the way he is, but a lot of other things can.
…” Cas lets out a sound that verges on filthy, when Dean twitches under his touch, experimentally stroking just one thumb along Dean’s length, varying the speed and pressure just a little and watching him to be sure he’s getting it right.
“Yeah, well… hate to say I told you so.” He shrugs, and takes the soup, and sits back down on the edge of the bed.
It’s Rowena who arranges everything, even though Dean does much of the leg work of helping Cas to move-- Rowena who drives him to get a shot of toradol, but at least Dean doesn’t go beyond helping him reach the car. Once they’re there, between Rowena and his cane he can get far enough to commandeer a wheelchair. Dean is back home with Tybalt, and Gabriel can help the two calm each other if necessary, Dean isn’t here to see how stiffly Cas moves, or hear the pained moans and whimpers as he braces himself against the exam table and lowers his pants enough for a shot in the hip.
“I’m not so certain we ever get to feel ready, for this.” He shrugs. “But we have each other, all four of us. And whether or not we are ready, I take comfort in that. And I had hope… that I could give comfort.”
, it’s for my future niece or nephew.” Cas scowls, but he wraps an arm around Gabriel just the same.
“You don’t gotta call someone. Look, are there tools in a maintenance closet or something? It’s a two-minute fix, easy. Hot Rod Lincoln out there hasn’t been getting the right routine maintenance, that’s all.”
“Sam’s promised to assemble cribs.” He continues. “Ro can’t keep her hands off me, and the cocoa butter rubdowns--”
“Starting with the first wall, and we’ll just call touching the second to the last wall the finish line.” He nods-- the two that involve using a rope to scale, he thinks he can handle, the one without… well, maybe he could climb to the top without issue, but the landing would really jar him.
“It just friggin’ sucks… to be allowed to want shit for the first time in my life. And it’s… It was real easy when I just knew it wasn’t allowed. Dirt poor omegas from broken homes don’t get the house with the apple pie on the windowsill and the two point five rugrats playing in the yard. They get hit. And they get picked up…” His breath hitches again, and he balls himself up tight against Cas, as if he could make himself small enough and brace himself against the need to cry. “We were outside of Reno or somewhere… out between cities. Ran out of luck and ran out of money. So we were gonna swing back towards Uncle Bobby’s, and maybe dad was gonna tell him it would be different this time if he got his old job back… or maybe he was gonna leave us there a couple months again so he could look for a job where they didn’t know him. Across the lot from the motel, there’s this, there was this diner, with a lounge attached. Lounge… it was a crappy little bar with a cigarette machine between the bathrooms. I don’t know why that’s what I remember, I remember the cigarette machine so clearly. And he was going to drink the gas money that was gonna get us to Sioux Falls, I knew it. And I just wanted to bring him home, but he wouldn’t leave and I got tossed out… Sammy was sleeping. I got, um… I got grabbed out in the parking lot. Before I really knew what was going on. By the guy who sold me to Alastair. Sammy was back in the motel room sleeping, thinking I’d be there when he woke up, and the old man was so glued to his barstool I… That’s what I got.”
It’s the rear view, though, that’s special, that he wants. He turns when Cas urges him, looks back over his shoulder to see the deep pink handprint just so on one cheek. It might not be the permanent mark a piece of him craves, but he still loves to see it.
Didn’t even ask where to find him, once he was inside. Sam’s not sure how he does it, but he jogs after him, finds him kneeling at Dean’s side, hand to his forehead.
“Cas knows what the tryout’s like, Cas probably designed it.” Dean rolls his eyes again, though this time he’s blushing and bouncing on the balls of his feet. “It’s not a big deal, anyway-- you can celebrate when I’m actually on the team.”
“Well, I’m going to tell you one thing I know about your inner alpha, Castiel. Your inner alpha is the voice in your head, growing up, that knew that they were wrong. That voice that knew being an alpha didn’t mean using your strength to hurt other people, that piece of you that held firm even when they sent you to Naomi, and let her hurt you, that part of you that clung to who you are and what you value no matter how hard they tried to change you.
“Wait, so like…” Dean’s mind whirs, and a few mental pictures keep coming up for him. “You could just hold me up? Like, if I had my legs around your waist, and say maybe you had me braced against a wall or--”
If he had Cas before him now, if Cas walked through the door and laid it all out there and lived, what would he say to him? I love you, but not like that? I do love you, but I can’t see myself with you? Is that even true?
Things are changing, and he doesn’t know what to do about it-- he’s never really known how to handle change, for all the big changes life has thrown at him. The truly frightening part isn’t the changes he’d dreaded, now that he knows those aren’t coming to pass… the truly frightening part is the changes he
“I don’t think it’s something he cares that much about, but I wanted him to be able to… I don’t know. To not be dependent on me and where I was going to be. I hadn’t imagined I’d have… quite so much time on my hands and so few places to be.”
“Some broad beans and kale and a jar of honey, from us. Then there’s a dozen eggs, a whole chicken, some ground beef, and sausage-- butchers at the farmers’ market wanted to pitch in and help keep your pack fed.” He shuffles in.
sure about selling alone, but he knows Gabriel is right-- if the pergola, tables, and chairs all stay on the truck, he probably
“I… I am a good provider.” Cas nods, though it feels strange to say it. He’s never really thought too deeply about it, but Garth only has to bring it up as an aspect of being an alpha for him to recognize that it is something important to him, and something he knows how to do. “We’ve been expanding the garden into a real farm, it’s slow work, but… but I’ve been cultivating my crops for a while now, and I grow good produce. I’m not much of a cook but I still feed people. I take care of Tybalt, and my bees, and my plants, and my brother’s children are going to grow up with fresh, good food. I’m building rocking chairs for Gabriel and Rowena, for their nursery.”
He has his own card now, on the pack’s shared account-- instead of drawing a paycheck from Cas, he does his share of work at home, and now with the center, and if he wants to do a grocery run or buy himself clothes, or if he wants to go down to the record store with Gabe after a driving lesson, well… he puts in and he’s allowed to take out. So he’s got pajama pants with little hot dogs on them, and fun socks, and band tees, though he’s kept all the stuff Jody once picked out, too, all the stuff that fits after putting on weight and muscle.
“Mostly you’d hear ‘em outside, but, uh… it was when Azazel came, mostly. Kid that’d come with him. He’d threaten you with ‘em. It was talk, mostly, but they’d be there in the room, looking at you like a raw, bloody stead, snapping and growling, and he’d list all the things they
Cas has never touched his bare back before today, he realizes dimly-- he’s rubbed his shoulders through his shirt, he does that every time Dean’s done any physical training, even when it’s just a normal day in the gym and not running the obstacle course over and over for a weekend. But he hadn’t even thought twice about not wearing a shirt this time, and he doesn’t second-guess that as he lies down on the bed, snuggling Cas’ pillow in his arms and feeling the bed dip under Cas’ knees.
Dean’s really focused on not giggling. He’s never been with someone who could just… pick him up and hold him-- carry him, even, as Cas seems determined to do-- and combined with all the heavy emotions and the sudden sharp relief, he’s a little giddy.
“We don’t?” He can practically hear the furrow in Dean’s brow. “I mean don’t get me wrong, I wish the idea of traveling didn’t break me out in hives, because he can’t really come out here until Sam’s got a place and, like… furniture. I can’t invite him to stay at Jody’s and Sam hasn’t even started apartment hunting, so he’s in a motel… but Sam’s taught him how to video call, so we’re just going to try and talk when we can and hopefully bring the old guy out for Thanksgiving. You probably… you probably have stuff you guys do every year, but maybe you guys can meet when he’s here. Sam says it’s about time he planned a vacation for himself.”
? Han Solo exists, and your favorite character is Threepio?” Dean gapes at him, and this time he doesn’t flinch at the raising of his own voice-- though Cas doesn’t fully appreciate that fact in the moment.
He skips the arnica gel, when Dean whines at the thought of the handprint vanishing too quickly, and lays another kiss to the center of the handprint’s palm.
“I could get popcorn, for next time.” The suggestion is still tentative, despite the initial reception. All right, maybe his friends and family have a point about his being a hermit… even before his recent retreat from the world, he never really knew how to invite people, never had the kind of experiences normal people went through. Never had friends over to watch a movie-- and he could have, since leaving home, he knows he could have, but he just never knew how people arranged these things-- more than that, even with the people he knows like him, the people who do their best to offer him social opportunities, there’s
He probably means lingerie, or at least stuff in that vein. Stuff that would make Dean feel soft and pretty. And Dean thinks it’s way too early into this thing, to ask about a collar. Though what he wants is a lot more serious than that.
The opening essay is written by simply ‘Jack T.’-- so, not the Jack Cas knows. Well, not either of them, but only one of them is an alpha, anyway. Though,  more than the question of whether he might have ever met the author, he’s struck by the fact that he likes the name. It’s a good solid name. A boyish name, a friendly name.
“You’re just having salad? I take it back, you’re not okay without me if this is how you’re eating.” Dean elbows him. “You’re friggin’ six and a half feet tall, you need to eat real food.”
Cas hums, pleased, those perfect hands gently caressing Dean’s thighs as his gaze drifts down between them. He’s figured out enough to navigate a little encouraging dirty talk-- Cas doesn’t want to be addressed as ‘Alpha’ any more than Dean wants to address him that way, or be called ‘Omega’ instead of by his name, but he
Dean’s a dead weight, insensate. Sam is struggling to get him up off the hard floor when his phone rings, and he lets him slump back down with a groan, answers without a glance at the screen.
“It’s okay, bud, he’s okay.” Dean promises, rubbing Tybalt’s ears. “Promise. I wouldn’t let anything happen, you can trust me.”
.” Cas places his hands at Dean’s waist, turning him, moving him to the edge of the bed. His hands move from waist to shoulders as he urges him to sit. “I will be here when you wake.”
“He got his hands on enough money to finally drink himself to death and actually figured that would be a bad move, when he still had one kid to feed?”
Sam pushes himself back up to his feet, claps a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and leaves him to sit over Cas.
like they’re folding Dean into the pack, with all the help he provides as the summer crawls on, even if it’s all help he’s paid for. It’s the extra time he spends around the three of them, and the grin that lights up his face when he sees Cas use his long-neglected woodworking tools not only for the repairs, but to start work on building a rocking chair for the nursery.
“It was… harsh. Everything felt raw. It… I know there’s supposed to be an upside, but it… there wasn’t a pleasurable moment in it for me. I masturbate, normally-- I mean, not as often as I expect is the norm for any designation, but… I do it regularly and I don’t normally find it upsetting. It keeps nocturnal emissions from being a problem, so… I take care of it, the same way I take care of physical therapy or brushing my teeth, just… less often. I know it’s possible for it to feel good. But during the rut, it… it never did. No matter what I did, it just… it was bad. That wasn’t the last time they sent me to her, but it was the only time they did that to me. And I still remember everything about that room.”
“Yeah, of course. One-Eyed Eddie.” Garth nods, grinning easily. It must be a recent hire, because Cas is sure he doesn’t know anyone who’d go by that moniker, but then, when they started, they didn’t have company vehicles, and they didn’t have anyone whose sole job was maintaining the vehicles they did use.
They don’t go to Jody’s, in the end. They go back to Cas’, and after Dean texts her and the girls not to expect him back before dinner, they make popcorn and watch ‘The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly’. Cas loves it. He hadn’t expected to, but he does. When he drives Dean back to Jody’s afterwards, they bicker about it in the car, Dean trying to insist that Blondie is the titular ‘Good’ and
“Do we have bacon?” Benny breaks out in a toothy grin. “Brother, I guarantee you the best bacon any of those girls ever had. We just got in a big ol’ hog at the shop, too, that’s five hundred pounds of goodness. You goin’ over there?”
“Well… hey, welcome to the club, kid, ‘cause I don’t know what I feel like, either. And I know I’m human. You guys want some time to talk over… stuff?”
