"So like...who tops out of you and Captian Rogers, cause I mean, Mr. Steve is obviously better but-"
"Young Peter is a mighty lad, I can guarantee that he shall fight his way to this world," Thor said raising his hammer, making the Avengers chuckle in dry humor.
Steve cringed. What did he do? Tony and he were coming up on their three year anniversary did Tony get tired of him? Steve processed this all the way through the meeting, so much so that he didn't hear anything that Fury was saying.
"Nothing much," Steve responded shrugging. "Making a sandwich for Tony," He added, before looking to Natasha who had a small grin plastered on her face. "Ah," She replied, lifting an eyebrow.
"Mr. Stak, Captian, you are now allowed to see your son." The nurse interrupted with a solemn look on her face.
The Avengers were family, and no matter what, it would stay that way because through blood, sweat, and tears,
"You too Mr. Stark." Steve said as he blushed as he thought about being referred to as a 'Capsicle'.
Tony and Steve rushed to his side while the rest of the Avengers were fighting the robots and covering for them.
When Natasha started hitting Clint in the back of the head repeatedly, they (luckily for Peter's sake) settled down and started playing a game of Mario Cart.
Again thanks for sticking with me!! and if you guys have a story that you want to be done please feel free to contact me!
He was about to order another when he looked across the bar into the eyes of a handsome man. He smirked and winked at the man, wondering if he was reading the signals correctly. The handsome man smirked back and stood up, soon he scooted next to Steve. “This music’s a little loud you think? Want to go somewhere… quieter?” The man asked Steve, licking his lips. Steve recognized that voice. Was it the man who ran into Steve earlier? Steve shook his and offered a hand to the man and they headed outside. The un-named man smashed his lips into Steve’s, the warmth erupted through Steve’s body as he gripped onto the man’s sides. Steve fumbled for his phone and called an Uber, they soon crashed into the back seat, the man’s hand on Steve’s crotch. Steve bit his lip and struggled to contain himself the way to his apartment. Steve took the man’s hand and let him into his apartment. “Tony,” The man said, sticking a hand out to Steve. “Steve,” Steve responded, taking the man’s hand.
"You- it is? Ok, that is?" Steve said his head hanging low. "I think I- I mean- I like men. I mean, but Peggy-"
Tony looked away, "We've been married for three years now and together for five, and I think it's maybe time for the next step."
"We are never letting you go into battle again!" Steve said feeling a grateful tear rolling down his cheek.
On the way out, the door of the studio Ms. Evanheart ambushed them with questions, and yes sure other channels did too, but her's stood out.
Steve gathered his hands under the faucet and splashed his face with water, waking up from his haze. He stared at his tattoo drawn by Natasha. It was a silver dagger, running halfway down his arm reading: still, I rise in bold italics. That tattoo helped him get through the hard times. Steve would remember the metallic taste of his own blood as father’s fist came crashing into his face when he was younger. The worst of it occurred when he came out. Homophobic slurs rattled in Steve’s head as his father pushed his mother and ran towards Steve, punching, yelling, screaming. Whenever he had a flashback to his father’s harsh curses and punches, he would run a hand down the drawling reciting still I rise, still I rise, still I rise over and over in his head.
"Stark-Rogers" Peter was still weirded out by the fact that his teachers called him that. "and Flash! Get back to class!" Peter and flash went their separate ways while grumbling.
Tony drove to Starbucks. He was supposed to meet Pepper there for talk about the company, or something. Tony wanted to just have the meeting at the mansion, but Pepper insisted that he needed to get out for once. Tony turned the wheel of his Porche down the street, he was blasting AC/DC and had run a few red lights. He drove down the street just a little further and turned into the parking lot. Tony opened the door dramatically, strolling in with his shades looking for Pepper. When he didn't see her, he pulled out his phone to text her when he was bumped into.
Tony had an hour left, he spent it cuddling with Steve and repeating the phrase 'I love you' over and over again.
"Here look.." Peter pulled out his phone secretly and showed them a picture of all the Avengers and Peter sitting on the couch.
But fear not! For those who voted for something else, it's not gonna be a huge part of the storyline, I'm focusing on more Stony and just Superfamily without Deadpool and other relationships.
Steve coughed nervously, "what my husbands trying to say, is that we're Peter's new adoptive parents."
"What your Pops means is that next time I'm making you a new suit that will 10000000000% guarantee that you will not get hurt ever again," Tony said kissing his son's forehead.
Tony looks over to where Thor’s hologram is sitting next to Rocket’s, expecting him to take offense. He’s smiling instead. “I agree, Steven is the best Avenger for the job.”
Steve wraps his hand around the base of Tony’s dick while Tony flails behind him for something to grab onto. Turns out there’s only the door. “Fuck,” he whispers. A minute ago if someone had asked Tony to describe the location of his limbs, he’d probably do a pretty fine job at it. Making out with Steve had been engrossing, but the place where Steve’s hand is holding his cock is now the center of the universe. The rest of him could just not exist and Tony wouldn’t have noticed. There was a time where people used to accuse him of thinking with his dick.
Steve sneaks a look out of the corner of his eye to see Tony smiling to himself. He’s gorgeous tonight with his bow tie hanging untied around his neck. Steve snaps his eyes back to the stars before his gaze gets stuck on the small amount of skin peaking out from the top of Tony’s shirt. He had seen enough earlier this evening and he didn’t want the sense of regret that always accompanied staring too long at Tony.
“Tony Stark--” Tony preferred to refer to himself by his full name when he was Iron Man, it added a small layer of separation, “--just needs some time away from the public eye, but he’s doing good. I’ll tell him you asked.”
The alternative way of spending the last of the early morning hours is far more intriguing. And just like that, Tony’s definitely-not-going-to-happen fantasies of fucking Steve in strange locales become theoretically-could-happen fantasies where he just fucks Steve in his room here in the compound. The idea is deceptively simple. Instead of returning to his own bed, he’ll go to Steve. And just like that, Tony’s feet are moving while his brain catches up with the idea. His mind cycles between concepts like ‘Steve could say no’, ‘it would ruin what friendship we have’ and ‘it will throw a giant wrench into tomorrow’s mission’.
The hologram of Tony and Iron Man nodded in unison. “Thanks Cap,” Iron Man said, his modified voice sounded more like it normally did.
Tony pulls down his pants in one quick, fluid, motion that leaves him unprepared and off balance when he finally has to slip them past his feet. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
It also doesn’t escape him that all they would have to do is switch positions and swap in Steve’s shield for a pillow and this could be something else entirely.
Tony starts up platform. He searches himself for a good response, a good last word to get in, but finds he has nothing but, “good luck, Steve.”
Tony swallows, and Steve knows for certain whatever he’s going to say will be a lie. “I told you. This relationship isn’t working for me anymore.”
It’s good to care about this work again. For so long his world was the pod and the horror show with Steve’s face. For so long his thoughts were dominated by
“Make a copy,” Steve says quickly before he can convince himself that the possible ramification in time are more important.
It’s not easy. Steve releases one leg and it wraps around Tony’s waist, drawing him even closer while leaving a hand free to take over for Tony’s attempts at getting him off. For a second Tony’s offended, but then he gets an eyeful of the way Steve touches himself and it’s more than enough. He uses long, slow strokes which start all the way at the base and don’t stop until his hand closes tight around the head of his cock. “Yes, yes, yes, right there—just like that. It feels so...good. You’re so
“No, no, no.” Tony breaks the kiss and shakes his head. “No more distractions. I’m going to make you feel as good as you made me feel, ok? So, what do you like?”
“Yes. This entire time.” Tony sighed. “But especially in the past week. I couldn’t show my face otherwise everyone would know and…” His shoulders fell. “I’m sorry.”
“Sleep well, Steve.” Tony ducks in to check that there’s still a fresh toothbrush and a hotel-sized soaps in the bathroom.
He’s not that lucky. “I wish,” Steve responds and he doesn’t even smile at Tony’s attempt at levity. “After the serum I thought it would go away in time. We were so busy, too. So I convinced myself it would be different if I was with the right person.” Steve’s eyes unfocus in a way Tony always believes that means he’s thrown himself deep into a memory. Tony assumes the ‘right person’ Steve’s talking about is Peggy and that Steve’s hypothesis was incorrect. “Maybe a tiny part of me thought it was some delayed punishment for all those times I jerked off thinking about Clark Gable.”
“Don’t tell me Thor and the Warriors Three never fucked,” Tony quips, but the secret’s out, so Tony continues, “I don’t know what we’re doing. There’s no label. We haven’t even had the conversation about not having labels. Occasionally, I spend the night at his place. It’s really great.” Honestly, it is. Tony looks forward to spending time with Steve. He’s comfortable when they’re together. He certainly hadn’t been planning on stopping anytime soon. “But it doesn’t mean anything. Would I hate it if he left? Yeah. But I’m not going to ask him to give up his chance. How could I ruin one of the greatest romances in the 20th century?”
“Nothing,” Steve answers. He’s looking around the room, maybe purposefully avoiding looking at Tony. “Or almost nothing.” Tony follows what he’s seeing instead and discovers there is so little to see in the room. A few photographs, yes, but nothing else besides dark blue sheets to indicate that it was Steve who lived here. “He had to know about Hydra, for example. But I never told him I knew you until you were born, and even then, I never said anything besides that you grew up to be a great man.”
“I don’t know when it happened. I just know that sometime in between the first and the seventh time I carried you home from the saloon, I fell in love with you.” Steve’s eyes were on something just over Tony’s shoulder.
the only one Steve’s trusted with this information. And even if Steve’s practically bending backwards to not say it, he feels ashamed that he’s like this. Tony doesn’t like this situation, at all. He also has no idea how to fix it. “How did you figure it out? I mean, the prostate thing? Now I’m imagining you in some foxhole in France with your fingers in your ass.” Tony adds the last part in hope that it’s so crass it’ll make Steve laugh.
He reached out to Steve. He couldn't get close enough to touch him, but Steve saw his arm move and stretched his so that they could lock hands. The warmth of Steve’s very alive skin seared Tony, and guided him home.
“Definitely, cool, ok,” The hologram said quickly before he disappeared into thin air. Nothing about how he said it sounded ‘definitely’, ‘cool’, or ‘ok’.
“I just keep making the same mistakes.” Steve puts the frame back down, gently, like he’s trying to make sure it doesn’t look too different than how he left it. “I save Bucky, let him have a life where he could get to old age, and Hydra just clones him. I keep Hydra from infiltrating SHIELD, and they just worm their way in Stark Industries instead.” He finally looks at Tony. He appears older than he did this morning, his skin papery in the light and his eyes could be made of glass. “I’m sorry, Tony. I really am.”
“You’re right, I need to hop into the shower,” Steve responds. He’s already picking up the boxes and the few half-empty cans of beer. “Thank you for coming over.” Sincerity is dripping in his voice.
“I figured this was less conspicuous,” Steve calls from the bathroom. “And sorry about the bed. I told them I wanted a room for two, but I guess they just assumed.”
“And don’t tell me what you think I’m already supposed to know,” Tony says before Steve decides on his next move.
Steve took that as his own answer. He asserted, “It is my return from death. You believe it unnatural.” The tone of his voice indicated that he might have agreed with.
“Ok…” Tony clearly doesn’t believe him. He crosses his arms across his chest and Steve can see in the glass how it stretches the fabric of his shoulders. Steve waits patiently for Tony to decide this subject isn’t worth pursuing and he’d rather be enjoying himself with the rest of the party.
. “You’re never going to forget that, are you?” Not that he expects him to, just that he thought…they are going to pretend to forget it.
Tony looks around frantically. Everyone else—even the rest of the Avengers—haven’t noticed the miracle happening right here. He turns on his coms and shouts again for teammates to join them.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Tony flops onto his back and focuses on the gentle movement of outside light against the wall. “I’m thinking of getting a 1967 Shelby Cobra when we get back,” he muses aloud.
Steve’s conveniently stuffed his mouth with French fries, a strange sight given he looks dead serious about his plan. Tony waits for him to swallow. The dab of ketchup is still on his lips and Tony really wants to wipe it off. “Yeah, I'll just say all that smart stuff you and Bruce are sprouting all the time. Can’t be that hard,” Steve says, before breaking into a smile and adding, “Don’t worry, I can be a soldier. Your facial hair doesn’t meet regulation.”
,” Steve replied, still not sure this wasn’t an imposter. It wouldn’t have been hard to tail him around the Lower East Side. Steve had certainly done much more difficult espionage during the war. It wasn’t like Steve had been quiet about his displeasure at discovering how some things that always felt immutable had changed, even if Tony had pretended for quite a while that he had liked it.
“Then why have you been avoiding me? Why can’t we talk right now?” Steve takes a deep breath, clearly aware that his voice is rising. “Ever since that Nazi bastard took--”
Sure, that admission pulls on Tony’s heartstrings, but it also makes him feel like he’s important and powerful enough to be entrusted with this information. It’s probably that feeling which spurs him to shift closer to Steve, slot his body behind him, and wrap his arm around Steve’s chest.
. For a long minute, he really tries to make himself believe this space is just as sacred as it was an hour ago.
Tony sighed and pushed himself off the floor, leaning against the wall as he did. He itched to take the suit off just long enough to take a shower, but his heart was so weak it needed all the extra juice the entirety of the suit could provide. Which meant there was no way Tony Stark was going to be entertaining Steve anytime soon.
“You’ll have to go against Red Skull!” Tony tries not to shout, and only somewhat succeeds. Everyone else in the room is slipping out of his line of sight. It’s just Steve, who’s gripping the table and staring back at him with the same intensity.
Tony’s mouth opens, closes, and he squints his eyes. The answer is going to be ‘yes’ because neither of them have anything to sleep in and because Tony’s not really the type of person to be put off by someone’s thighs, but he can’t get it past his lips.
Multiple responses must go through Natasha’s mind. Tony can see it in the small movement of her eyes as she stares at Tony. She’s lost the natural instinct to hide the mechanizations of her mind from everyone else. She trusts people, and Tony is just now realizing this has been slowly happening since they met. “I just think, if you asked him to stay here, he would.”
Tony steps beside him. The shoulder of his tux brushes the shoulder of Steve’s uniform. “Yeah, it’s...something special. It’s nice to be in space to celebrate something, you know? I feel like we never get to appreciate views like this.”
Everything besides the pad of paper looks like it’s been around for ten more years than Steve could have possibly lived here. Tony notices it’s all clean and recently dusted. It feels like Steve sleeps here, but in fits and starts, with each stay bookend by a thorough scrubdown.
Steve closes the notebook and places it back in the drawer. Tony tries not to look too closely at the contents of Steve’s beside table. “Yeah. He had to, he would have figured it out eventually, and I learned the hard way it’s best to tell people on your own terms and on theirs.”
“I hope not,” Steve responds before pushing two lube-shiny fingers against his rim. He takes a couple of deep breaths as they enter and still.
“Sleep well, Tony,” Steve responds, and when Tony finally looks at him after a few minutes, his eyes are closed and he’s breathing gently through the beginning of sleep.
The sensation of the hologram's touch was odd, almost discomforting, if it hadn’t come with Tony’s warm smile. “I was happy to. Anything for a fellow Avenger.” He pushed himself off the floor and walked out the door, trusting Tony to look after Iron Man.
Needing a change in the dynamic, he stands. He unwinds the towel around Steve’s hips and runs it up and down Steve’s skin to soak up the last of the dampness on his skin. “Thank you,” he mutters before kissing him. It’s not clear to him what exactly he’s grateful for—could be that Steve showered or invited him up or something completely different—but he kisses like he means it.
What if they were somewhere else, some one dimension? Maybe I was all alone. I fiddled with the armor faster, pouring all my focus onto getting it running again so that when I did find Steve and Thor, I’d be ready.
And that was before a week ago, when Tony returned from a mission so beat up that to keep his heart beating, he didn’t just need the chestplate, but the entire Iron Man armor. A problem which left his secret identity MIA to the world.
I looked around me, and saw nothing but an empty field rapidly falling into darkness as the sun finally disappeared. “There isn’t really anywhere to go,” I began after failing to see anywhere to hide Steve while he was on the mend. I tugged down his sweater and rubbed my hand over my shoulder.
Tony takes a step further but doesn’t call for the suit or make any other effort to defend himself. “Say something,” he begs Steve, his eyes wet with tears that fall on his splotchy red cheeks. “Tell me what I need to know so you’ll go away.”
“This is weird? Right? This feels weird?” Steve asks, noticing how out of character this is. He rearranges the silverware and adjusts the napkin on his lap and takes another tiny sip of water. “I guess I wanted to impress you and someone once told me about this place but now that I’m sitting across from you I’m realizing that this was an odd decision, you’re Tony Stark, this restaurant means nothing to you, so I’m sorry, this is stup--”
“How do you feel about robbery?” Tony looks from side to side and tries to remember as much as he can about his family’s finances during this time. Steve’s not even giving him The Look, his disagreement is already implied. Tony feels compelled to clarify, “I think I can still forge my mom’s signature, and come on, is it really stealing if it’s money I’m going to inherit?”
“Yeah,” Steve responds. He finally steps back from Tony and wipes something away from his eye. “You’re always welcome.”
--standing next to an old Bucky Barnes. It must have been shot not long before Bucky died, only months after Steve has woken up. “I tried to save him, I really did,” this Steve says without ripping his eyes from the photo. “I thought I succeeded, but I didn’t know.”
Tony waits until he’s back in New York to strip off his clothes, sit under the scalding water of his shower, and cry until his head feels like it’s breaking in half.
“It’s much better,” Steve replied, maybe a touch bitter, but then he heard how it sounded coming out of his mouth, and thought better of it. He still didn’t know if it was Tony or not, and he hated the idea of being mean to Tony. “Tell Iron Man I’m really glad he talked to you. I hope you can come home soon.”
“And I’m guessing you have a plan?” That’s Clint, calling in from his kitchen table back on the farm.
“Ok, let me get this right, you’re from the future, despite the fact that you’ve been around all my life, and if SHIELD’s files on Nomad are correct, much, much longer than that.”
In a different circumstance, Tony would want more time to perfect the little buggers he’s about to inject into himself. But this is I-don’t-have-another-choice sort of work, the type of desperate last-ditch effort Tony is too comfortable with. He doesn’t care about the consequences; he just wants to fix it.
“For almost seventy years I’ve gone by name of Nathan Hale,” the man explains. He has a small smile, like there’s something a little funny about it. “And I need a favor.”
Steve didn’t believe it. “Why?” he asked, as if he couldn’t possibly fathom Tony’s quiet easy choice.
Tony built the new body he inhabits; it’s his and his alone. When Hydra fell, his comatose body could no longer be manipulated and awakened for the whims on the Supreme Leader. He was left with nothing but a bruised and broken outer shell and a mind too scarred to return.
Hospital monitors tick around him, creating discordant noise that amplifies under its own weight as Tony uses Extremis from far away to combine with the machines keeping Happy alive. He thinks he must be the worst person alive because he can’t even look at Happy as he kills him.
Somewhere on the edge of his awareness Steve can hear two women giggling. They stop and one shushes the other. It’s Kate's voice that whispers, “America, do you see? Oh futz, we got to tell Cassie.” And then they’re gone.
The shower turns off and Tony waits for the sounds of Steve shuffling out of the bathroom with his undershirt clinging to his damp skin. When he doesn’t, when nothing happens, Tony calls out, “Are you avoiding me?”
“Of course,” Steve replies and he means it. It can only be a joke to Tony; it’s just something he’s read about. It’s not something he’s lived.
. The original plan for tonight had been to collapse in the cot he had waiting for him at the temporary Avengers Headquarters in Midtown. He’s very glad he’s here instead.
There’s a brief second where Tony wouldn’t be surprised if Steve yelled at him for thinking about drinking before such an important mission, but he must get it’s a joke because he smiles instead and says, “Oh that one, Nat and I finished it a few years ago.”
“I’m taking that as a positive statement,” Tony mumbles. Steve lays back down again and looks up at him with soft focused eyes. Tony pulls back until the head of his cock is caught on the rim of Steve’s asshole, and then pushes forward in one slow, steady slide. Then he repeats the action. “Fuck Steve, you feel like… a something. I don’t know, but it’s a good thing.” Steve has this lazy smile on his face as his lungs move in tandem with Tony’s thrusts. Tony can’t get enough of watching his chest rise and fall. It’s a truly phenomenal picture.
Steve nodded and followed it up the stairs, taking them two at a time while still taking extra care not to jostle Iron Man’s almost lifeless body. By the time he was on the landing, the hologram had the door to Mr. Stark’s office open. Steve gently carried him through the small opening, following the hologram as it gestured to place Iron Man on the floor. “Is he going to be ok?” Steve asked, even if he knew there was no way Mr. Stark could answer the question yet.
It’s time to go back to the future where Tony hates him and nothing’s different. Steve grips the time gem hard and silently begs for a few more minutes, but Tony just fades to white along with everything else, ripped away from Steve by time and circumstance.
“I mean it, just one more thing and everything will be back to normal.” He fails to comfort her. Morgan isn’t buying it. Judging by Pepper’s frown, she isn’t either. “Good night, Morguna,” he tells her, adding in a wave of his own. “Sleep tight.”
Tony wants to ask more clarifying questions, more hows and wheres, and definitely a lot of whens, but they’ve already covered the basics. So instead he says, “That’s how you got in. FRIDAY didn’t send up any red flags because you have the same biometrics as Steve Rogers. Due to the fact that you
It’s quite comfortable and easy until Steve starts unbuckling his pants. “Is it ok if I just sleep in my boxers?” It’s an afterthought, he only pauses once the grey slacks are past his hip bones.
on top of each other. Doesn’t matter that they’re actually the same type of mattress, Tony’s way more comfortable in this bed than he was in his own.
That explanation didn’t stop Steve from cocking an eyebrow. “How important?” He had even more questions than that, but that one seemed paramount.
“Are you being good for your mom?” Tony asks Morgan over the video call. She nods yes. She can tell something is wrong, she’s too quiet for his daughter and Tony can see how she’s bouncing a little in the kitchen chair. “I’ll be home soon, ok? There’s just one more thing we got to do and then I’ll be giving you the biggest hug of your life. A total hug attack.”
“So, Tony…” Natasha says, prompting out of his doom spiral. “Is something going on between the two of you?”
“You could’ve splurged a little, you know,” Tony says as way of greeting Steve after he unlocks the door. It’s a tiny room with one double bed, a dresser, and barely enough floor space to walk entirely around it.
“I consulted with Scott.” Steve gestures at Scott, who beams proudly back. “And it sounds like it will take over a year to produce more Pym Particles. Including what Tony and I brought back from 1970, we have only enough Particles to make five jumps. That means only one of us can make the trip.”
Steve uses a napkin to wipe some sauce from corner of his mouth. “I’m not sure I have that sort of time,” he responds, matter-of-fact, with none of the heaviness of the implication in his voice.
“About the mission?” asks Steve as he takes back the patch; that’s the moment Tony notices his fingers had been fractions of an inch away from Steve’s.
Tony does the same—tucks his head in Steve’s collarbone and just lets there be a minute where he can’t tell himself he’s alone. “We’re going to win,” he mumbles into Steve’s shirt. “We’ll make it worth it. That’s what she would have wanted”
Steve’s staring somewhere half a foot above Tony’s shoulder. “Uh, yeah? It was pretty boring during those two years on the run. It’s not like the quinjet has a gym to keep me busy.”
It didn’t go well, and I managed to get Steve just high enough that it sounded like hurt when he fell. “I think the answer to that is no,” Steve grumbled into my shoulder. It was good, feeling him that close, even if he turned away as soon as I began to rub soothing circle into his back. “Sorry I can’t be of much help.” Steve sounded like the part of him being injured that was supposed to bother me was that he couldn’t defend us.
Steve’s eyes followed the movement of my hand. “Where’s Thor?” he asked, but he doesn’t look up to check the horizon.
Finding clothes is easier than Tony expects, and he decides to spend the extra hours wandering the streets, taking in everything he can. He lingers over a couple Pontiac GTOs and debates the merits of improving his car collection if they manage to succeed on this Time Heist business. Most of his old ones never made it through the move to the lake house, he reminds himself, and avoids dwelling on the reasons why.
“Steeeeeeeve. Bruce is picking on me. Don’t pick on me, child safety measures could be tricky bastards. Tell him, Steve.”
Eventually the room calmed down enough that breakfast could continue. Steve didn’t want to drop it until he “understood that reference,” so Tony promised to explain it later when they went back upstairs. The wagging he did of his eyebrows only served to confuse the "man out of time" even more.
I tried to draw on my own experiences from fainting spells- the weird spottiness on my hands actually happens and I have no idea why- though every time I've had an instance it was due to medical reasons (heart condition, illness) not emotional distress so hopefully I conveyed it well enough.
Tony turned back to Steve, the heat that he’d leveled at Clint not dissipating at all. “NOT. GONNA. HAPPEN. End of discussion.”
- cocaine wasn’t exactly something he kept stocked anymore and leaving the Tower to purchase narcotics probably wouldn’t look good given that he’s currently a suspect in a murder investigation (and a (suspended)superhero, though apparently no one was ever fooled into thinking he was actually worth that label), and
Tony was still staring at the screen of the StarkPad, trusting his fiancé to make sure he didn’t fall flat on his face when he heard Steve ask if they wanted him to drive.
“You were unconscious for approximately 32 minutes. Had it not been for the protocol in place, I would have contacted Dr. Banner immediately. Your vitals were highly erratic the entire time and have been yet to go back to a normal level.”
“Tony hated Dr. Serafin. You didn’t see his reaction to the coffee she bought him. His sputtering was almost comical and he was furious that I’d accepted the tea so easily. How could he go from that to supposedly sleeping with her in less than 12 hours?” Bruce continued as though Clint hadn’t spoken.
Both men ended up clutching their sides as they outright cackled at that. Tony wiped tears from his cheeks that had snuck out as his eyes had crinkled. “Man, I love him,” he wheezed out, as his laughter died down. For such a quiet, gentle man who avoided any form of confrontation, Bruce was the undisputed king of cheeky passive aggressiveness.
So what does everyone think? I'm not making your brains hurt, too, am I? I'm trying to be relatively painless. Well, except for invoking some Stony feels... Which will be getting more intense, btw.
This was enough to set Agent Serafin off as she gave a dark laugh and arched her eyebrow with a high-pitched, “REALLY?” She huffed. “You’re really surprised by that? You kind of have a well-earned reputation, Stark.”
then the buzzing in his ears receded to dull hum that he eventually noticed was actually the heating/cooling system. Finally, he was able to rub his fingertips together to stop the tingling that had begun around the time he realized Rhodey thought he was adulterer. Glancing at his left hand because he didn’t want to see if he was bleeding on the right, he took note of the red and white spottiness of his skin and wondered if that was normal. Eventually his eyes focused on the black bag that had landed a few inches out of his reach- his shaving kit. Still not moving from his position on the floor, he quietly called out, “JARVIS?”
Tony gripped his mug a little tighter but angled his chair to convey to Steve that he was listening. He owed him that much since he’d at least been kind enough to give Tony some time to recover his wits before bringing it up. See, he could be a mature adult when he tried. And Steve made him want to try.
He finally opened his mouth to defend himself, but again Pepper interrupted him. Only this time it was with a hard slap to the face. Pepper might have been petite, but she packed a lot of power in that small frame and Tony saw stars.
Now it was Tony’s turn to stare. They wanted a rise out of him and he wasn’t going to give them one. Of course Steve was upset, Tony know he would be when he found out that he’d lied about where he was going and who he was meeting. But he was confident that when he explained everything to him- the dreams and Angela’s connection to them- that Steve would calm down. Things might be tense for awhile, but their relationship was strong enough that Tony believed they would work it out.
“Aye, and multi-realm. We, too, show our affection to others on Asgard by making sure their mouths are never empty of the finest delicacies that one could offer,” contributed Thor.
“JARVIS, my floor. Now.” When the doors opened to Bruce’s floor, he practically sprinted out of the elevator and to his bedroom.
Tony scoffed. “I’ve seen some of your ‘best scientists’ work and we’re not getting any younger.” Steve sent a reproachful eyebrow his way, but he ignored it. It was well known that Tony didn’t hold SHIELD’s brightest minds in the highest regard. “Send all the info to my StarkPad and Bruce and I will give it a going over. Maybe if it looks interesting enough we’ll grace you with our presence to see it in person. If they were making a super powered waffle iron- as much as Thor would love that- we’ll bug out. Weapons of mass destruction get a personal visit by yours truly, though.”
Tony was gaping at Steve, his heart breaking in his chest and clutching the spot where the arc reactor had been for dear life. He couldn’t stop a tear from falling and trailing down his cheek. He tried one more time to make Steve see reason. “Please, Steve. I need you right now. I’m scared. There’s something-“ he took a deep breath, trying to stop his voice from shaking, “there’s something weird going on and I need your help. I know you’re angry and confused-“
Steve knew he was referring to Agent Serafin coming to the tower. “We’re gonna set her up in Bruce’s lab with the control collars. That’s technically the only part of the project she could claim ownership of, since the remote…THING was only just acquired a few days ago. You’ll be working on that part of it since Bruce says that, according to her notes, it looks like she hasn’t had a chance yet to get into the nitty-gritty of it. He and JARVIS will be your intermediaries, though it sounds like he plans to stay here with you for the most part.” Tony smiled at that. “He doesn’t like the idea of giving her free-reign of his lab, but he’s disgusted enough with her that he considers it a small price to pay and doesn’t want to run the risk of a callous remark letting loose the Big Guy in the tower. It’s safe to assume Hulk would want to defend your honor and smash her to a pulp.” Another smile, and a snort this time. “He also recommends exchanging numbers and communicating via-text message should anyone step out of the lab or away from JARVIS. She seems like the type to take her work home with her. No phone calls and don’t delete any messages. If she instigates an argument that culminates in her quitting, there’s proof. That means you’ll have to play nice, too. Don’t give Coulson a reason to harp on us.”
“As team leader, I got it. That sounds like a huge security risk. If anyone ever got their hands on that code and used it against Tony in a battle, he could get killed!”
Tony nodded again and reached up this time for Steve’s hand, pulling him down next to him and practically crawling into his lap. Steve wanted more than anything to wrap his arms around him but without knowing what had triggered the attack he was hesitant to. Tony had curled up in his lap and tucked his head under Steve’s chin, but then started shaking again. On instinct, Steve brought his arms around him and started rubbing his back and was pleased to find that it seemed to calm him. Reassured that he wasn’t about to trigger him again, he tightened his hold so Tony felt more secure and started rocking him, murmuring “I love you, you’re safe,” over and over and planting the occasional kiss to his head.
After dropping the bombshell of the reason for their visit, Coulson requested again that Tony go with them and not put up a fight. For a solid minute, all eyes were on Tony. He didn’t move a muscle, even to breathe, and eventually realized he had to do that to live when his chest started to burn. He let out a huff of air and asked, “She’s dead?”
Now it was Steve’s turn to snort as he climbed out. “I’m sure the Other Guy would just LOVE that. Remember, Tony, no pranks that endanger the structural integrity of the tower.”
The trio made their way to Coulson’s office and, as they approached, the science bros were hit by a sense of déjà vu. Sure enough, coming through the closed door were sounds of a familiar argument and a very familiar voice. His PA- Tony didn’t even know SHIELD used personal assistants- buzzed in to let the Director know that there were Avengers waiting to speak with him. As soon as the message was sent, they could hear Agent Serafin demand to be able to speak with “fucking Stark.” Steve furrowed his brows and sent a questioning glance at Tony, who shrugged and averted his gaze. He was just happy that the sound of her voice didn’t send him into another fit. Tony was torn- on one hand, he wanted to confront her so he could figure out what it was about her that rubbed him the wrong way, but on the other hand, he wanted nothing more than to speed walk (Tony Stark didn’t run unless something with teeth was chasing him) out of the facility and put as much distance between himself and the furious agent as he possibly could. Fight or flight at its finest.
Steve chuckled. “First-hand experience doesn’t count? Ya know, that might’ve been why the seat belt gave you problems last night- it was rusted from your spittle.”
“I thought that much would be obvious,” Fury continued. “Agent Serafin is a valuable asset to SHIELD. She came to us from the FBI shortly after you outed yourself as Iron Man. Her intelligence could give you a run for your money and given her family’s history with SHIELD, she’s loyal. I was also a friend of her father’s back when he was an agent.”
Tony felt his heart start to pound against his rib cage with enough force that it seemed that it would burst through the false sternum and his breathing started to hitch as his throat closed up. He fisted the sheets and clamped his eyes shut as a feeling of panic flooded his chest and made his stomach flip. Instead of moans of “yes” and “more” and “oh, God, Steve,” he started to chant “No,” first under his breath then slightly louder as his legs started to move of their own accord and dig his heels into the mattress.
As he sat waiting for Bruce and Maria Hill to finish loading the few boxes containing all the tech and the data collected on it, and watching Steve as he stood off to the side and out of ear-shot discussing something with Coulson, he was relieved they’d brought such a large vehicle. The large seat obscured him from view and served as a barrier between him and Bruce, who Tony knew would be shooting furtive, worried glances in his direction. The tinted windows hid him from Steve, who was less than discreet with his concerned looks towards the SUV.
Tony gasped trying to suck air into his lungs for the second time that day. The suits were his ONLY protection. Against the Ten Rings, against Obi, Vanko, against the Chitauri- oh, god, what if they came back? What if they came back and he couldn’t- he wouldn’t be able to- oh god. The Mandarin. He gave the Mandarin his address, what if he blew up his home again? No one would protect him-
I'm re-editing this piece as well. No big changes to the story, just clarifying the timeline a bit by adding actual dates. I re-read the story in it's entirety and realized that some parts were a bit confusing ("did Angela die on the second day or the third day at tower?" for example. The answer is the third day.) I'm also changing the chapter titles for fun- it was an idea I had awhile ago, back when I first started this story and finally decided to go ahead and do it. Check them out if you'd like to see what I'm doing :) I'm posting this chapter first, so give it a few hours before looking at other chapter for changes.
Tony hesitated. “No, it was just…” He looked up at Steve, resting his chin on his chest, but seemed to have difficulty meeting his eyes. The doors opened to their floor but Tony didn’t move. Then he seemed to make a decision, regarding what Steve didn’t know. “Can we just go to bed? I’ll tell you about it in the morning. Promise.”
When the black, SHIELD issued sedan pulled up into the tower’s public garage at promptly 1:00, it wasn’t just Steve and Bruce waiting to “greet” Agent Serafin- they were also joined by two superspies and a Demi-God. Steve only allowed them to accompany them after wrangling out promises to behave that were similar to the one he’d managed from Tony, though in all honestly he probably wouldn’t have been able to stop them. Clint would’ve just lurked in the vents with an arrow notched in his bow, Natasha would undoubtedly be near enough to deliver crippling blows even if she wasn’t seen, and Thor was actually a good match for Steve, brute strength-wise.
Tony continued whispering, “Not necessary, J. Probably just the spaghetti not sitting right with me. Do I have a fever?”
His response only seemed to make her angrier. She gathered her purse and briefcase, barely able to manage the straps because she was trembling so much, and knocked to have Happy open the door for her. After she climbed out, Tony made to follow her but she stopped him with a shaking hand. “I’m taking the jet back to Malibu, I have to get to work on damage control if word of your arrest leaks. I’m not even going to BEGIN to yell at you about the ramifications this could have for the company because if I start I will never stop. Happy will drive you home. Good-bye, Mr. Stark.” The door slammed in his face.
We're getting close to revealing the baddie- not yet though. Possibly by chapter 13. Btw, I've come to the conclusion that this is gonna be a really long story. Buckle up kiddos.
Steve was wild with need after only a few minutes, wanting to return all the love and attention that Tony was giving him. He wrapped his arms around his lover and flipped him onto his back. He reached for his hands and pinned them gently above his head as he started kissing down his neck, over his collar bone and down his chest, going further and further south.
Tony stood up and made his way to the back corner of his lab. “What Steve doesn’t know won’t hurt him and let me make it very clear that you are not to tell him or anyone else where I’m going, who I’m seeing, or anything about the text messages including who sent them and what was said, is that understood?”
The Cheshire-like grin Tony was wearing fell from his face and he paled. He none-so-gently put the cup on the table and pushed it away, as though it had offended his great ancestors. He grabbed a dirty towel that had been sitting nearby and wiped his tongue repeatedly, then pulled over a nearby trashcan and started spitting into it. “What the hell, Bruce!? She could be trying to poison me!” He ripped the lid off the cup, sloshing coffee on the tabletop. “JARVIS, scan it. Make sure there’s nothing suspicious in it.”
“Hmm? I’m fine, just chilly. This lab is freezing.” Tony leaned out of his embrace and began putting the items on the desk in some semblance of order to avoid looking Steve in the eye. He was a decent liar- had to be after a lifetime of hiding his real self from the soul-sucking media- but after all these years Steve knew his tells.
It took a few minutes, but eventually his breathing evened out and he removed his hands from his eyes. A soft, high-pitched whirring noise to his right told him DUM-E was hovering nearby, worried about his creator. Tony patted the nearest strut, murmuring “Good boy.” DUM-E rolled closer, opening and closing his tri-fingered claw, and reached out to execute what could best be described as an affectionate nuzzle at Tony’s temple and hairline. “I’m okay, buddy.” Tony gave another pat to calm the bot. “Why don’t you make me some more coffee? You did a good job with that this morning. Daddy’s gonna get back to work.” The bot gave some happy whirs and beeps, twirled around in place, then made his way over to the kitchenette.
Tony sat silently, staring at Steve’s hand and then putting his own hand on top of his. His brown eyes looked up to Steve’s blue, and he said, quietly, “I wasn’t checking out Agent Satan.” Steve huffed out a laugh. “I really was just ascertaining if she was a threat. I’d heard her arguing with Coulson and was concerned.”
“Ok, J, I will,” Tony mumbled distractedly, staring a hole in his phone where the little “…” icon was blinking, indicating that she was typing back.
Tony’s choked back a laugh. “You’re the DIRECTOR- you have the highest security clearance in this entire agency. How can you be denied making an amendment to an agent’s file?”
The room was silent enough that you could hear a pin drop. Steve saw the moment the anger flashed in his lover’s eyes and reached over to put a calming hand on his shoulder, but Tony violently shrugged it off and stood up to approach the phone on the desk, his body shaking with unbridled fury. “Oh, FUCK. YOU. NICK.”
Steve shook and his voice wavered as he choked out an anguished, “They fucking called it.” As a tear escaped and trailed down his cheek, Nat scooted closer and wiped it away for him, pulling his head down onto her shoulder and wrapping an arm around him.
“It is Mr. Barton, Sir. He is screaming something about not breaking anymore promises to Captain Rogers-“ Steve noticed Tony pale, even though it hadn’t seemed that there was any more color left for him to lose, “-and demands that you hold up your end of the deal to join them for breakfast. And then lunch. And then dinner.”
“Ooooo, Andorra, that’s not too far from Monaco. Dibs on checking that location, the Gran Prix is coming up,” Tony brightened.
Tony sputtered. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. That is NOT what happened AT ALL. I’m telling you, she invited ME out. All we did was talk and she was very much alive when I left. I could understand you thinking I slept with her, even though I didn’t, but do you honestly think I could kill somebody? Jesus Christ.” He ran a shaking hand through his hair.
Still turned to his left, his eyes trailed up from the shaving kit to the corner of the shower stall. He couldn’t see the shower in its entirety and he was too tired to move his head, so he let his eyes focus on the contents on the corner shelf- a lone bottle of lavender scented Old Spice body wash. Steve had picked it up for him when he was last out shopping, saying that it might help him unwind at night. “J, where is Steve?”
“Sir, are you alright? Startling sounds aren’t generally recommended for helping an anxiety attack-.”
Agent Hill realized he wasn’t going to react, so she pressed on. “So, if it was all just an innocent conversation over coffee, why the secrecy?”
“Ugh,” Bruce groaned, “this turned hilarious to sickly sweet in the bat of an eye. Too much sugar for me this late at night, I’m heading to bed.” He walked another four steps before groaning even more loudly, throwing his head back, shaking his hands at the floor. Hulk may get the reputation for having flair, but never let it be said that Bruce Banner wasn’t capable of being a dramatic little shit. “The stuff. In the back. Ugh.”
Tony released his bated breath and lay back down, rolling onto his back. He was going to give it a minute before he tried standing up. “Good to hear your voice. How long was I out?”
Tony looked devastated as he took another step forward. “Please, you don’t understand. I was going to explain everything to you yesterday morning. I should’ve explained it sooner, but I-“ he shook his head, “I should have told you sooner, but SO MUCH has been going on and I didn’t understand it myself. I still don’t, but we could figure it out together if you just let me-“
Natasha spoke up then. “He was lying, Bruce. Trust me, I know how to read people. That’s kind of my job.”
“Tony! Tony, shhhh, baby, it’s me. It’s Steve. I’m sorry,” he said, as he moved within arms-reach, wanting to comfort but not knowing how because he didn’t know what he did wrong. This wasn’t anything different from how their evenings usually went. Granted it moved along a bit faster than most nights, but it was Tony who had set the pace to begin with. “Tony what’s wrong? Baby, shhhh… It’s okay. We’ll stop.” But Tony seemed inconsolable. “JARVIS, what do I do? What happened? Did I do something?” The idea that Steve himself was the reason Tony was so upset during such an intimate moment made him frantic.
“No, Nat. Let’s not sugarcoat it, okay? I was idiot to believe his lies, all of them. That he loved me, that he would never hurt me. What do you call this? I’m pretty fucking hurt. It was everyone else who told me otherwise that I should’ve listened to. The journalists, the TV show hosts- everyone who laughed when news broke of our engagement. They all said that Tony Stark was a playboy who couldn’t be tamed, that I was delusional if I believed that my pretty face and six-pack abs would keep Stark in our marital bed. That he’d tire of my old-timey ways and run off to find someone more his speed. I brushed them off and now look where we are. They called it.”
“What are the odds of another genius Russian with the knowledge to build a reactor and a bone to pick with my dad showing up, NATASHALIE? Seriously, I just wanted a fucking vacation.”
Steve chuckled and looked around at the table tops that were covered with very alien-looking pieces. “I take it you don’t need the team’s help unloading, then?”
He smiled at him. “Hippocrates once said, ‘Let food be they medicine.’ It’s also the world-wide, multi-cultural symbol of love and comfort. You could use some of that, right about now.”
He sneered. “Just like you made every effort to take down HYDRA just to have them spring up under your noses?” Cheater or not, Steve was incredibly angry on Tony’s behalf. "Why does the code even exist? What is it meant to be used for?"
As he and Bruce followed the agent, who Tony had noticed had embarrassedly looked away when Steve had kissed him, the rest of the way to the science labs, Tony could’ve sworn the place got even more dreary. Though, that could’ve been because he no longer had the pleasant view of Steve’s backside, which always made even the most drab of locations look sunnier.
Tony hears a shuffle and a huff. He can imagine Rhodey perfectly, holding the phone to his ear with one hand while he runs the other over the super short military buzz cut on his head, looking down with hunched shoulders to protect some semblance of privacy on a military base. “Careful what you say and who you say it around, Platypus. Next you’ll be the one making Pepper cry as she has to deal with the breaking news coming from a very reliable source.”
Stealing food from Bruce was a safer bet, so Tony snurched a piece of cantaloupe from his bowl instead.
Steve set down the spatula he was using to prod at the scrambled eggs he had in the skillet. “That was something else I discussed with Coulson before we left. He’s concerned she’ll resign if we take away full rights to the project.”
Steve slowly made his way over to Tony, not standing up to his full height so as not to panic him again, and wrapped the towel around his quaking lover. “Can I touch you?”
Before he slipped into oblivion, his eyes alighted on and tried to focus on a lone, small figure standing a few feet in front of him. A boy, with chocolate soulful eyes and an unruly mess of tangled dark-brown curls, came a few steps forward then kneeled in front of him. The blue sweater he wore was embroidered with a logo that he couldn’t make out in his haze, the boy’s khaki shorts falling to just above his dirty, skinned knees. He brought a finger to his lips and went,
“Good thing you have a hero to save the day,” Steve said, as took advantage of his close proximity and planted a light kiss on his nose.
The tension surrounding the lot was palpable as the object of their displeasure stepped out of the car and made her way towards them. Steve noticed that she looked just as tense as they felt and seemed tired, if the slightly-discolored circles under her eyes were anything to go by. He’d seen much the same look on Tony and Bruce’s faces many times before. Must be a science thing.
After rinsing off his fatigue with the coldest water available, Tony pointedly ignored his reflection knowing he’d look horrible and opened the medicine cabinet behind the mirror and pulled out his shaving kit. He always hid the pills there, secretly ashamed that he’d been labeled by society as disordered. He also ignored the vitamin bottles that he knew Steve would eventually come to collect.
Tony sighed. “Look, she sent me a text last night saying that she thought Fury had another reason for keeping us separated and asked me to meet her at the Avenue Diner to discuss it. Ever the one for Fury conspiracy theories, I agreed. We met there, I think it was a little after 7:00, had a few cups of coffee and talked.”
Tony didn’t trust himself to speak, so he just nodded to show no hard feelings. As long as you didn’t count mounting anxiety as a ‘hard feeling.’
“Coulson activated it? Oh, I will SO sue him and his damn shady agency over this.” Tony made his way back to the kitchen and leaned against the counter again, this time needing support for a different reason. He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. “We aren’t even associated with them anymore!”
“I am sorry for that,” Iron man decided to continue and Steve found himself lost in the light rhythm, “I know that it is probably uncomfortable and maybe a little scary when you´d woken up, but it was the only way how to put the suit away.” The hands slowly returned to its previous job on Steve´s leg and he stiffed.
Steve pressed his lips on Tony´s forehead in a small kiss, prolonging it a little while enjoying the feeling of the man´s steady breathing. His chest falling down and up in a way it gave away he was on the verge of falling asleep.
“I have an order not to let you leave. I´m sorry,” he apologized, the corners of his mouth turning up in the smile. “And I can fight you easily right now with that wound.”
“I don´t care about the scars, you know that.” To emphasize what he´s just said he took Tony´s hands in his. The hands of the mechanic, full of hard and burned, scarred skin. The hands he loved.
“Shut it, Hawkeye,” Steve growled, but it was more from the fear of the bomb exploding faster than they anticipated than from actual irritation and Clint had to know it. “Stay away from the building and take Thor with you.”
And like that all of the words got stuck in Steve´s throat, so he nodded instead. Iron man flew away and Steve stayed alone in the silence. His head was throbbing and spinning, surely from the gas or whatever that was. He sat down on the cold floor feeling like he might pass out. The voices in the com kept talking to him. It was Clint and Thor and after that also Natasha and he was fighting darkness with everything he had.
“It´s me, capsicle, who do you think would design cuffs strong enough to hold you down if you ever decide to beat the hell out of me while I´m trying to tend to your injuries?” And there was this light funny pitch in the familiar voice which made Steve release the air he was holding and slump down in the chair.
The pair of wide excited eyes was glued to his lips and a little suppressed gasp interrupted his storytelling.
“It was a terrible night,” he admitted, pressing the heels of his palms into his tired eyes. He started remembering and chills creeped back on his back.
“Nice to meet you, Tony,” Steve heard Natasha introducing herself, then Clint, who actually whistled with appreciation mentioning some of Tony´s technology he already came in contact with. The last one to offer his hand was Bruce who started immediately sang his own praises about some scientific projects Steve had no idea about. To all of those Tony was smiling and giving very clever, polite answers, sending sideway glances Steve´s way even when he wasn´t directly talking to him.
Because there was a time when they all used code names and then there was a time when Iron man just didn´t care or was in particularly bad situation and he called him Steve. And he was full of inappropriate jokes and comments which made Steve blush like a teenager and it became harder and harder to ignore mutual fondness. Sometimes when they were all home he imagined how would it be if he came with them just once.
“Strange told me something. He said that we were doing this together. That in those horrible months I stood by your side. I can do this again, Tony, if you let me. I can be that person.”
Someone, probably Natasha sucked the air through her lips, it almost sounded like a wince, but Steve didn´t look away. He just shifted uncomfortably on the couch where he and his team were seated.
Iron man wasn´t a murderer or terrorist. Since the time he appeared on the world scene, he hadn´t taken a single innocent life. But he had killed when he´d felt it was necessary and even though it were all people who deserved it, Steve´s morality didn´t allow him to approve it. SHIELD had a very same attitude. They had tried to negotiate, they even tried to recruit him for all Steve knew, but Iron man had his own plan and his own ways. He wasn´t interested in working in the team – he was pretty clear about that part, nor he was used to play according to the rules. And in some way Steve could understand. There were times when he himself wished to be able to do more.
Today Tony was finished sooner than usually. Steve waited patiently despite that no continuation came, not even after a few minutes long pause.
“Sure,” Steve let the room sink into the comfortable darkness, something both of them knew and when Tony tugged onto him, he laid down as well, being careful around the side he´s just treated.
Nothing has changed on the man´s face, only more emotions settled in his stare. “I´m quite irresistible,” he joked, but then he became serious again. “Me too, Steve. Actually, I’ve been in love with you for some time. That´s why I´m trying to get my life together, to have a future, where you wouldn´t have to fight me.”
“Answer mine first. Why. Didn’t. You. Call. Me? Pepper was pretty upset this morning, looked about to cry. Did she call you from the plane after she slapped me and left me to Happy’s silent treatment for 3 hours? That was HOURS ago. Have you been stewing this long? Gearing up to give me your best disappointed voice?”
“Sit and enjoy your breakfast, I’ll make something for me and Tony,” Steve said, when he saw Bruce move to set down his tea.
Tony still had his arms raised and turned to look at the other Avengers, their faces showing varying stages of shock and upset. Bruce, in particular, looked like a deer in the headlights and Steve looked angry. The ones with weapons still held them at the ready, waiting to see how Tony was going to react.
Ok, so I'm starting to realize that this story is going to be alot longer than I initially thought. Not that that's a bad thing, but it does mean that it's taking a bit longer to get to the actual "horror" part of the story than I initially planned.
“The Iron Man shut down protocol you agreed to with Director Fury has been utilized. I’m sorry, Sir, I couldn’t warn you.”
As they made their way into the QuinJet, Tony felt more than saw as Steve laid him down on the small medical bed. Everything was blurry as tears formed of their own accord in the chocolate eyes that once had such sparkle. He could barely make out Steve as he saw him move his left hand to his ear and speak again, whatever was said into the comms lost to his comprehension. His body felt heavy and beaten, but his head felt floaty. He was so, so tired and he wanted more than anything to succumb to the darkness that was starting to creep into the edges of his vision.
Unfortunately, it’s already been established that his curiosity would be the death of him and he couldn’t resist picking up his phone to check the message.
Tony fumed and stepped away from Steve to approach the agent, despite the ball of anxiety pooling in his stomach as he neared her. Anger trumps fear, any day. “Call me paranoid. I was looking for suspicious, weapon-shaped bumps.”
“They’ve ALL already decided. These four are actually the least biased of the most qualified we have. Steve, it looks bad for him. We haven’t received the results of our forensic and DNA testing, but if ANY of it comes back incriminating it won’t bode well for him. I need your cooperation. For Tony’s sake AND to get justice for Agent Serafin. She deserves that much.”
Tony took a step back and swallowed around the lump that had formed in his throat, trying to blink the tears from his eyes. This isn’t how this was supposed to go. He had been sure that Steve was secure in the knowledge that he loved him, would never do what he was being accused of doing. As he realized that everything he’d been so certain of could no longer be trusted, Tony took another step back, bumping into the table behind him. Five minutes ago he’d have said that Steve would NEVER raise a hand against him in anger, would never hurt him. He’d always been so careful in the bedroom not to let his lust and desire cause him to unleash the full force of his serum-enhanced strength. It has always been Tony trying to get him to let go a little bit, assuring him that he wasn’t made of glass. Now Tony wasn’t sure of anything. He may as well be made of glass for how vulnerable he felt right now. Steve could haul back and snap his neck with a well-placed punch and it was clear that no one else in the room would make a move to stop it. For the first time in his life, Tony was frightened of Captain America.
Coulson looked to the other three in the room and saw their agreement with Tony on their faces. He sighed- again. He does that quite a bit when dealing with this lot. He picked up the phone and dialed a number from memory, then pushed the speakerphone button so they could all hear. As he dialed, he looked to Agent Serafin and said, “Not a word.”
Tony put his head in his hands, trying to figure out where to go from here. He hoped the team was succeeding in trying to calm Steve down. The fact that he’d sparred with them first was a good thing- he’d get his frustration out and then the team would talk some sense into him, explain that Tony would never cheat on him. Even though he had thrown out on the helicarrier shortly after they met that he was “genius, billionaire, PLAYBOY, philanthropist,” the team had quickly noticed that his playboy days had been over, that they’d ended after he returned from Afghanistan. He still flirted but in the time between his relationship with Pepper and his relationship with Steve he’d never brought a lover home. They’d all been to galas and ceremonies together, where they’d see women and the occasional man throw themselves at him only to be politely declined. Clint had joked that he was losing his edge, but the truth was that at the time Tony had been more interested in a certain super soldier whom Natasha had hinted might be reciprocating. They would remind him that it was TONY who’d proposed first, that it was STEVE that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. “Always and Forever”- that was the endearment they always used when they were being particularly sappy and it was as true now as ever.
He slowly removed Steve’s arm from his waist and slithered out from under the sheets. While holding the well-muscled appendage aloft, he grabbed an extra pillow and laid it lengthwise against Steve’s still-sleeping form and draped his arm across it for him to clutch. He didn’t think he’d be making it back to bed tonight, not with the weird dream still in his mind and the nausea fighting to come up and out; having something to hold would help make sure Steve stayed sleeping.
Bruce cleared his throat from his spot on the mat. “There has be more to the story than what we’re hearing.”
“It’s something that all humans are capable of, yes. I’ve been monitoring you closely, though, Sir, and perhaps you’d feel better to know you never actually lost consciousness. Your pride is still intact.”
There was definite hesitance this time before JARVIS answered. “Director Coulson asked Captain Rogers for the use of Avengers Tower as a base of operations while they conduct their investigation into Doctor Serafin’s death. The Captain acquiesced.”
Steve walked slowly into the bathroom, stopping right inside the door a few feet away. “Tony, Sweetheart, it’s just me, it’s Steve. I’m not going to hurt you. I love you. You’re safe with me. You’re home. You’re in our penthouse in Avenger’s Tower. You’re safe.”
Tony finally heaved himself into a sitting position and took stock of his right forearm. He’d pulled some of the superglued areas apart when he’d collapsed and it was bleeding again, though not nearly as bad as before. He reached ahead of him to the cabinet under the sink, opened the door and pulled out a clean washcloth, then reached to his left and grabbed the shaving kit. He managed to get his feet under him and using the sink to balance pulled himself up and turned the hot tap on, tossing the clean cloth under to get wet. He unzipped the kit and pulled out the bottle of Ritalin. Noting the expired date and the low quantity of pills, he filled a nearby glass with the still running water and popped two in his mouth before washing them down.
“Whatever.” Tony turned back to the schematics on the screen, an obvious dismissal, and pointedly ignoring the coffee that still sat steaming a few inches away.
Sorry if people don't agree with Pepper's behavior or thinks it's OOC. She doesn't always react well to Tony's shenanigans and I figure getting arrested for murder is probably one of the worst things he could do. I also got the impression in IM:3 that Happy had a closer working relationship with her than Tony at the time, being more in charge of security at SI than anything. Also, given the fact that in IM: 2 he sided with Pepper, prompting Tony to joke that he "lost both kids in the divorce," I have a feeling Happy would take her side in this scenario, as well.
Steve gave a small laugh, the first one they’d heard in a while. “Does it always come down to food for you, Doctor?”
“JARVIS, what the hell was SHIELD doing here? Did they arrest Thor now, and accuse him of drowning puppies?”
Another rut had Steve growling again as his hands went from Tony’s hips to cup his ass, and in one swift movement he’d lifted and pulled him against his groin and chest, standing and kicking the chair out from underneath him. He made his way out of the lab and to the elevator, moans falling from his lips as Tony continued his ministrations on the tender skin under his jaw. He braced Tony against the back wall of the elevator and used the added leverage to grind against him, dragging a breath-y groan from his lover who dug his fingernails into his back in response. “JARVIS, ughn, God, penthouse,” he panted.
“All other access points into the workshop have been shut down, but you can still access it through the in-between. The shut-down protocol behaves in such a way that there is access to get out- which is why you were able to leave- but access to enter is denied. However, you left the door open, which is an amazing stroke of luck since, again, I was muted and could not warn you. The door located in the closet runs on a separate security protocol since it doubles as a panic room, so even though you shut it, you can still get in. You can still access the area, Sir.”
Before Agent Serafin had a chance to fire off the tirade she obviously was eager let loose, Coulson spoke up and said, “I’m assuming you want to take the recovered tech with you back to New York. Agent Serafin is the head of our science division and the lead scientist assigned to the project. She hesitant to let it leave since she’s put months of work into it. However, I am inclined to let you have it given the nature of the findings.”
Fortunately, Nat and Clint’s history with SHIELD left them with a lot of respect for Coulson, who they wouldn’t want to disappoint by acting up, and Thor could be expected to be respectful of a “lady” and fellow “sister-in-arms.”
Coulson didn’t look amused by the insinuation that his people were lacking but it was also understood that compared to the genius of Tony Stark, most people on the planet were lacking. “I’ll be sure to warn them ahead of time.”
Clint snorted. “Yeah, the sordid details.” Natasha nudged his knee with her foot and widened her eyes at him in warning. He winced, but didn’t take back what he said.
Agent Serafin, who most definitely was NOT part of that inner circle and who believed the lies spread by the media, was silenced by her anger at Tony. The thought that she was going to lose custody of her research because he couldn’t keep his dick in his pants was enough to make her see red.
Rhodey knew him well. Calm and collected did more to rattle Tony than rage ever did. Tony could battle rage, has done it repeatedly, with his usual snark and perfectly-timed insults. Tony’s only ever heard Rhodey use this tone with him twice before; Once, when he’d been given a newly minted driver’s license and made the stupid mistake of getting shit-faced and crashing spectacularly, nearly killing himself and almost taking an innocent family of four with him. The other time was only about a year later, after Tony was released from a very private hospital. Tony would never forget Rhodey’s voice- or his face- as he described the horror of finding him on his dorm-room bed, unresponsive, in a puddle of his own vomit with an empty bottle of pills, empty bottle of scotch, and a hastily scrawled note. That tone of voice had an impact on Tony and could cow him like nothing ever would.
Coulson leaned back and gave Tony an appraising look. “You say she texted you first. We hacked your phone after confiscating it. All we saw was you thanking her for the coffee. Where’s the invite?”
Despite Tony’s misgivings a few days ago, things were actually going very smoothly working with Dr. Serafin. That was probably because they weren’t actually working “together,” per se- more like they were each working on two different puzzles then giving them to Bruce and JARVIS to piece the two halves together. Even with her first being only half a day, having started right after her arrival, their system was so seamless by the end of it that they haven’t yet needed to communicate after Dr. Serafin left at 5pm to go back to her motel. She obviously continued working after hours, as did he, then they dumped it on poor Bruce in the morning and he made it look like a cohesive unit.
Tony takes a couple of deep breaths. Steve needs this, and Tony wants Steve to feel better. What happened to Tony during the reign of Hydra isn’t Steve’s fault. He can do this; he can be here for Steve, and then the questions will stop. “I’ll do it, but--”
“I used to ask myself about the things I could have done differently, if only I could go back.” He sits heavy on the bed and opens the drawer to the bedside tables. He pulls out a cheap, faux leather notebook, and turns to the middle of it. “I was so proud of this one,” he says and holds up the notebook in explanation. On the page is a drawing of Tony. He’s calling the Iron Man armor, and pieces of it are flying to his body, but the helmet hasn't snapped shut yet and the hipster-joke t-shirt he’s wearing is still visible. On the paper, Tony’s face is furrowed in concentration at whatever he’s looking at. There’s so much movement in the drawing, so much happening, all at once, it captures the way Tony feels in the moment before he’s Iron Man, better than he could ever explain it. “I never showed it to anyone. Never showed any of it to anyone, really.” He flips through the notebook, and Tony sees it all upside down from where he’s standing above him. There’s Clint and Wanda and a street in New York he doesn’t recognize and Ultron and the view of the skyline from Avengers Tower, each a snapshot of a life.
“Huh?” I was still slightly disoriented from the whiplash of emotions banging around my mind. “Maybe a little bit?” Cold was probably an over statement, but as the sun slipped behind the horizons, I could imagine the oncoming chill.
It takes a few weeks for Tony to crack the whole time travel thing. He tries to find ways to work on it when he can, whether it’s math equations on napkins while he’s at a dinner counting investors or building holographic models during international flights. Sometimes he takes out the Captain America shield and mindlessly works on that, too, because the work with his hands clears his brain enough to think about the greater theoretical questions.
"Let's not make this a habit," he says to himself. He wants to laugh, this should be hilarious, and he hopes someone else, at least, finds it funny when they discover him.
“Like we’re picking out wedding cake flavors! We’ve only slept together five times.” He sounds more hysterical than he likes. He tries to shrug it off. “But who’s counting?”
“Tony,” is all Steve says. He’s rolling his hips—up when Tony pulls back, down when Tony pushes in—and using his grip on the sheets as leverage. “Yeah. Just like—
The hologram’s face fell. “You can trust me, I promise,” it said, like he knew exactly what Steve was thinking.
This was dangerous territory. Steve was trying to be coy, but Tony saw the question underneath. No matter how many texts Tony sent Steve complaining about how he was busy at work or that he was halfway around the world, and
Steve’s not wrong, that wasn’t as easy on his knees as it used to be, and for all the money currently funding the Avengers, he’d never let him know that. “
think it ended when Crossbones shot me, and the fact that I’m alive means it’s over and done and it’s time to move on. In your mind the worst possible thing was fixed. The rest of it is just context.” Steve finally looks at Tony. He feels like he’s begging for something he can’t articulate. “My ‘death’ wasn’t your fault--and even if it had been--it wouldn’t have been the worst thing about Registration.”
Tony quickly reads the article next to the photo. It’s essentially about the coordination between the military’s scientific resources and the rest of it, and doesn’t say anything specific about Pym. “Ok, this makes sense,” he thinks out loud. “Looks like we have a choice to go in as either military or research. Why don’t we split the difference?”
is such a strange way of putting it, but Tony gets that it’s just Steve talking on autopilot through the awkwardness. “Thank you.”
That was easy. “We’ll have to get you some fatigues and me an oversized coat that screams ‘I never leave the lab’.” Tony says while grabbing another handful of fries
Steve nodded and followed Iron Man to the den and the balcony overlooking Fifth Avenue. There was one benefit of just having the two of them in the field--it simplified their transportation. They were still getting used to it, but Steve wrapped his arms around Iron Man’s waist just in time for both of them to jet off into the sky.
” he changed, because now he had no doubt that the hologram was Tony Stark all along. No one else would be as prepared to help.
“You know it’s weird to just hang out in someone’s room without their permission,” he says as he uses his hip to push open the door. Steve’s sitting on the bed, looking at him but also not really seeing him. His eyes are furrowed and his lips are pressed into a taut line.
Iron Man dropped Steve a little off the ground, giving him enough room to somersault and land a kick in the Executioner's ribs. Zemo was monologuing somewhere close, trying to lure Steve closer to where an especially dense cloud of bees was hovering, but Steve saw through his plan. Zemo was predictable like that.
Tony laughs, despite telling himself that is probably not the proper answer to Steve’s stoic response. “I guess as the Avengers’ resident time traveler, you should know.” The weird electric tension from earlier has faded into something less sexual but more loaded, and Tony finally sneaks a look at Steve. He expects Steve to seem wired tight, jaw clenched and brow furrowed, but he’s still soft and casual and half sitting on the dresser.
The Time Gem floats before him. Steve should be surprised, but he mostly feels disappointment to discover they were never destroyed at all. The scenario hints at betrayal, but he doesn’t think too much of it as he reaches out and grabs it close.
Natasha smirks at his admission but she doesn’t put any heart in it. “I thought you were brothers-in-arms,” she teases.
“Here,” Steve says and breaks Tony’s internal monologue by shoving some clothes in his face. Ok, so ‘shoving’, is kinda off base. He gently hands Tony a folded t-shirt and athletic shorts, but Tony’s so startled the distinction is irrelevant.
Iron Man groaned from time to time, but he said nothing else, even when Steve asked where in the mansion he wanted to go. For a few seconds Steve was terrified that Iron Man really wanted Steve to take him to
“Fine. I’m fine.” His head drops into his hands and he wills himself to try the response again. “It’s awful. She believed we could do this and we actually did it, and she’s not here. I can’t believe Nat’s not here.” Walking around in the compound after they returned felt like walking around a haunted house. Everything was wrong; turning every corner was just another reminder. He wants nothing more than to drive home and hug Pepper and Morgan right now.
“No could do. Before we had time to research where we were landing. Now we’re working on the fly, and I didn’t want us arriving somewhere we weren’t prepared to be.”
“I was really worried about you. I thought something had happened, or you had been avoiding me, or you were dead, or you just didn’t like me, or--”
“I can do both,” Tony can’t help but quip and he earns an annoyed sigh from Steve. He leans forward to grab the lube out of Steve’s hand but decides otherwise. Their conversation has his brain working overtime and he wants to watch. “You do it. You’re the expert.”
“Could we--uh--go somewhere else? To talk? Please?” Tony’s voice is higher than normal. There’s no confidence in the question. In the end they’ll do whatever Steve wants them to do--
“Thanks.” Steve takes the burger from Tony’s hand and stuffs about a quarter of it into his mouth. “I just copied the first guy I saw in the street.” There’s some ketchup on the corner of his mouth. Tony debates about saying something about it, but just grabs a handful of fries from Steve’s plate.
Tony hurried into the car. The man in the front seat started to drive after getting a good look at him.
After hours of exhausting paperwork Steve and Tong we're finally able to bring Peter home for their trial period as his parents.
"Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers, or are it Mr. Roger's in plural," Cristine said. "Aren't you worried that this will have a negative effect on the future population in terms of your sinful homosexuality?"
,” Tony said as he took the remote from Steve and clicked on the move. However, only little of the movie was watched, they started making out and before they knew it they were both shirtless. “What does your tattoo mean?” Tony whispered, running his fingers worn the drawn-on blade. Steve looked away from Tony’s eyes, “Shit- sorry I shouldn’t pry,” Tony said.
Once they had reached Peters advisors office. They were created with a skinny blond. (Who Tony would've totally hit if he wasn't with his dear old Capsicle).
"How about I make it up to you. Let me buy you a coffee?" Tony offered, presuming that this man wasn't the 'let's fuck' type.
The Avengers were all close now, and we're basically family. After many near-death experiences, they grew closer and cherished their annual Friday night movie nights.
Steve sputtered the avengers groaned. Clint's yelled "TMI!" and Thor yelled "Congratulations shield and iron brother!"
"Of course it is, not many people are as lucky to be in my presence" Tony quirked with his world famous smirk, as Steve rolled his eyes.
The human was obviously taken back, his pants fell and he rubbed his eyes. "Who, what. My God." The human started packing up his paints.
"Ms. and Mr. Parker please take your seat, I have a few things to discuss about Peter." His advisor said without looking up.
"You know that field trip we had to Stark Tower's?" The Avengers nodded. "Well we were walking through the science wing and I felt a sharp pain on my neck, I then reached up and there was like a Spider there and a bump." Peter shrugged.
By this point, it was dark and they were only being lit by the moons shine reflecting on the water and lights from the city. Tony couldn't do it, Steve was amazing, they had been talking for at least 4 hours now. He didn't deserve to die. He just couldn't. He hated to admit it, but he felt a connection with Steve they had so much in common. Tony knew there would be consequences, he would be reprimanded, a disgrace to his pod.
Steve decided to venture down to Tony's lab, he hadn't come up in a few days and Steve doubted the man had eaten anything. Steve headed for the kitchen on the communal floor, he grabbed some jam and peanut butter and began to make a sandwich for Tony when Natasha walked in.
When he was little, he knew that homosexuality was bad, so when he got his first girlfriend Peggy Carter he knew that he was cursed. He tried to force the sinful thoughts out of his head, he had Peggy beautiful smart and kick ass, Peggy. It never felt right though. Now he's hearing that all these years, that it was okay he couldn't help but smile and duck his head to continue on with his drawing.
They got wrapped up in conversation, Steve asking about Tony's world and Tony asking about land above the ocean. Tony completely forgot about his main focus. They talked about Steve's family, his work as an artist. After they had been talking for hours, Steve asked about sexual identities and gender under the sea. Tony said that gender was a very fluid concept, and sexual identity no-one thought twice about labels. Steve told Tony about the pride parades and conflict with being part of the LGBTQIAAPP+ community. Tony discovered that Steve was just like him when it came to sexuality, 'bisexual' he had called it. Tony thought that labels were unnecessary and there should be no labels on love.
Steve took a quick shower then got changed into a nice leather jacket and black skinny jeans. He slipped his phone into his back pocket and left his apartment without a second thought.
Peter was laying on a hospital bed, with numerous tubes sticking out of his mouth along with an IV that was attached to a fluid bag.
"Thank you, Dr. Cho," Tony said as he wiped his tears off with the sleeve of his jacket; while grabbing Steve's hand and giving it a tight squeeze before heading into the SHIELD care facility.
They talked for at least two hours, Tony refilled his coffee five times and Steve was in awe about how much coffee this man could drink. Tony told Steve about his business, Steve told Tony about his work as an artist. They hit it off really well, Tony really liked Steve, like genuinely liked him.
Just remember that no matter what anyone says, if they try to tear you down, or hurt you, remember that you always have a choice because there's a hero in all of us.
“I never ask questions, why don’t you ask him yourself,” She said and walked away to take care of a customer. Clint looked at Steve and shrugged, “Idk man, you should call him though. You need someone,” Steve sighed,
Tony smiled, “Well you know that gigantic building, on the corner of Park Avenue?” Steve nodded. “I’m
"Alright, class! As you can see these slips are for your parent to sign! In a week we will be having a field trip to Stark Towers thanks to Peter's dad who offered us a free tour!" The class was excited except for Peter, who obviously has been living at the tower for years and knew it inside and out. He could only imagine the weird shit that his family would do to embarrass him.
"Here you can see the prototype of the arc reactor that Mr. Stark created, this small device can fuel the entire tower and Mr. Stark is still discovering new ways to make this device even stronger!" The class looked at the device looking anxious, most of them just hoped to meet the Avengers.
Steve looked at Fury, "You should've kept it in the ocean." Steve was not in the mood for this, he met Tony and he truly liked him and now SHIELD was recruiting him for this team. He just wanted to see Tony again. He packed up his bag and started to head out of the gym past Fury.
Fury ignored him,"Stark as director of SHIELD I would like to introduce Steve Rogers also known as Captain America, born on July 4th, 1918 he..."
"No, I don't- I'm not a homosexual or anything," Steve gulped, a slight pink tint growing on his cheeks.
"I hope so Thor, I hope so," Tony said leaning into Steve's side and taking Peter's hand once again.
After school, he walked his usual block away from school, where he found his dad in his Porsche parked.
Sorry for grammar mistakes I don't do grammar or spelling or math.. or history..or dance..or... you know what never mind
SO please read the title.... trigger warnings... I'm sorry...next chapter more angst than fluff I promise!!!
Tony sucked in a breath as he looked at Steve, who returned the look with a sad smile. Steve pulled up two chairs for them, and they both sat down, Tony stroking Peter's hair and Steve grabbing his hand.
"I was drunk... and there was shawarma," Tony said quickly. "Well anyway guess who's having fondue tonight?" Tony said before Steve could chastise him.
When he arrived, the walls of the lab were practically thumping with the loud base of his rock music. Steve closed his eyes briefly, refusing to let the visions of war slide into his mind. He knocked on the door of the lab and when Tony didn't answer, presumably from not hearing him over the music, Steve looked up at the ceiling and asked JARVIS if he would kindly open the door for him.
Steve got a text during the conversation while Coulson was talking more about the Initiative. He looked down to his phone hidden under the table and saw three words.
Sorry in advance for any spelling mistakes... I'm still in school and this story is not overviewed or edited by someone... i am forever alone... anyway enjoy...?
Pepper entered Starbucks late to their meeting but saw Tony really enjoying himself with this man. She smiled and walked out of the coffee shop, they could work on business later.
Tony hated silence, it made his skin crawl and caused the already loud thoughts in his head get excruciatingly louder, buzzing and thumping against his skull. He just chalked it up to being used to the noise. The constant parties and social vendettas he would be forced to go to as a kid. The talking and shaking hands, he was never surrounded by quiet that now he couldn't bear it. Even locked up in his lab he had the constant whirl of devices, sometimes even loud rock and roll thumping against the speakers in his lab.
Peter Stark- Rogers awoke at 6:50 am for school and by 'awoke', he put his alarm on snooze and went back to sleep.
"Go ahead in, you know where his room is, but we ask that only immediate family is in the room, we don't want Peter to be overwhelmed." The lady responded.
"I-umm- like physics? And technology." Peter said then smiled. "I also love science, it's really my passion."
"Hey guys," Natasha said in a calming motherly voice. "Hello, my little паук" Natasha whispered to Peter, brushing the hair away from his closed eyes.
"I just wanted to be like you, I ran a series of tests and the spider bite wasn't harmful, it just gave me powers. I wanted to help people, I wanted to be like you." Peter repeated looking down ashamed.
"Steve..." Natasha started, hopping off of the counter taking a step closer to Steve. "You do know it's ok now right? Being gay. Hell, Steve, even I've been with a few women." Natasha put a hand on Steve's shoulder.
Tony observed the beach, making sure no one was there. He swam up the shallows, soon he was able to push himself up. His arms were sore, he had to haul all of his body weight onto the beach.
"A-Alright, now that's everyone's here let's continue with the meeting," Phil said, flustered and awkward from seeing the two men practically eat each others faces off.
Tony started to answer Tommy's questions, "We got together two months after the battle of New York, and Mr. Johnson how about we let you meet our son yourself?" Tommy looked like he could faint.
They all were at least a little broken because that's the thing with heroes, they have baggage just like the rest of us. Each of them felt lost at some point, each of them had a bully telling them that they 'couldn't do it', 'you're a sinner' or 'you aren't strong enough', but they got through it. They focused on what mattered, Steve found Tony and they found Peter. Many of them didn't have a family, but they each created their own type of family. The Avengers had a bond that couldn't be broken, even through death or war. That what family is, people who would stick with you no matter what, people who would care and respect you even through your darkest moments.
Tony swam up to the side of the pier, he figured that this man could be a suitable specimen for him to sacrifice.
At this point, the talk show host was about to curl up into a ball and die, "You...and Captian Rogers? Are in a relationship? And have a child?"
Tony was riding a current following his father's commands to find a human. Today was his birthday and he was ready. He breached the water swimming about a mile from the shores of Long Island Beach. He had seen many sights and been all around the world, but this seemed to be the most awe-striking sight he had ever seen. The sky was a peach orange color, with hints of red and gold. The sun was setting behind tall buildings, creating a silhouette of the humans' wonderful and brilliant creations. He swam closer to the beach, there was a boardwalk along the coast and a small pier sticking out about 3 yards. He saw a chair, with a human? Tony swam closer out of the human's view. He noticed that the human was painting a beautiful representation of the sea and sunset. Tony was in awe. The human, man Tony presumed, was physically strong with crystal blue eyes and golden hair, similar to the golden features of his city down in the ocean.
"This is the only other room on our floor. Down the hall to the right that's my and Tony's room, Natasha is on the 18th floor, Clint on the 19th, Wanda, and Vision on the 20th and Bruce basically lives on the lab. Oh, and Thor goes between Asgard and here so he doesn't have a room." Steve explained.
"You should've come to us, you could've gotten seriously hurt, even killed," Steve said looking at his son.
The audience was silent for a heartbeat, then erupted in cheers for the new avenger. Steve and Tony looked at each other realizing that their son was even more amazing that they could've imagined, and they walked over to do a group hug with all of the Avengers.
"Hey, I don't know, showing support for your gay dads? or maybe you have discovered to join the cult of gay." Tony said full out grinning.
"So, I didn't catch your name," Tony said, looking into the man's eyes and taking a sip of his still hot coffee.
"We have disclosed that we shall never speak of that time again," Clint said harshly remembering the look of pure terror that was in Fury's face.
Whenever he decided to take a risk and venture out of the lab up to his room and try to sleep, he had JARVIS play white noise while he (attempted) to sleep. Tony wasn't sure if it bothered Pepper if it was another reason why their relationship didn't work. He knew that she didn't like the noise, she had asked him to turn it off while they were together, back then he just agreed and either slept in the lab or not at all. After the Avengers moved in, there was never quiet, it was always busy and wherever he went there was someone there, Clint on the countertop, Steve on the couch, Nat in the gym.
Steve smiled and took his shirt and jeans off, climbing into Tony's bed. Tony did the same, the bright light of the arc reactor lighting up his room.
He let the cold air wipe the remaining of tears off his face as he entered the crowded bar and sat down. The pounding music made his ears thump. The blue-eyed man ordered a scotch and soon was drinking his problems away.
"Hey Captain," She said nodding her head in his direction. Steve smiled at her in response. "Whatcha doing?" She asked, hopping up onto the counter across where Steve was working on the sandwich.
Steve hated loud sounds, it made him remember the sounds of the war, the bombs, the screaming. It made him want to curl into a ball and just disappear. He talked to Sam about it, who responded that it was most likely the PTSD. Those loud sounds brought him right back to when he was covered in his fellow soldier's blood, and the warm feeling of his own blood dripping down his chest from the bullet holes that came from enemy guns.
It was hardly normal at the Tower, instead of the obnoxious sounds of Clint and Thor playing Mario Cart, they all sat around the couch silently reading a book or silently playing cards; that was until Tony received a call.
Bisexual. Tony. Tony was into men. Steve almost cried. Sure, they had been out for coffee, but the thing was Steve actually didn’t know Tony was bisexual. When he first set eyes Tony he fell hopelessly in love, now he's hearing that the man he loves... could possibly love him too.
"This is Cristine Everheart, reporting the supposed 'press conference' of the century. Pepper Pots, co-founder of Stark Industries has told us to 'be on alert with our cameras ready', so folks what could the famous Avengers possibly be willing to share with us? We'll find out in only 5 minutes, stay tuned to WWRB Channel 14."
"Go ahead in, I'm sure that young Peter would like to see you go first, we shall all wait in the lobby," Thor stated to Steve and Tony. The two men nodded and headed to Peter's room.
Tony nodded solemnly, “Similar to you my dad was pretty shitty, abusive and all that jazz. He and my mom died in a car crash a few years ago. I started drinking at a really young age, I had severe depression. These tally marks represent how many months I’ve stayed sober,” Tony said, looking Steve in the eyes.
Tony smirked thinking about being able to spend the entire day with Captian Hottie. "Of course I would be willing to spend the day with the good ol' captain here," Tony said.
Steve and Tony were waiting in the lobby of the SHIELD headquarters, waiting for the doctors to tell them when they could see Peter, when they both cracked under the silence of the abandoned lobby.
Their teacher glared at them and Peter winced. He may be the son of Tony Stark, but he still had a reputation to uphold.
Steve woke up gasping, hair sticking to his forehead with sweat. He looked around in the darkness, eyes adjusting. He checked the time on his phone, 2:24. He went to the bathroom and fell to the floor as soon as he closed the door. Shaking back and forth clutching his tattoo he shut his eyes and let the pain wash over him. Moments later, he let out a shaky breath and got up.
Hey guys... so the next chapter I post (probably tonight because again I have no life) is going to be the last chapter! +
"I'm so proud of you two!" Steve said kissing the top of Peter's head and wrapping his arms around Tony.
“Nothing, just this guy who comes in once and a while constantly and asks for a tally mark,” Steve frowned at this, “He had nine, on his chest,” Nat nodded,
Peter Stark-Rogers has been attending Midtown High through everything complicated in his life. When his aunt died, he relied on his friends Ned and MJ to basically get through the hard times and have a positive outlook. That's why when two of the world most famous superheroes adopted him he had to tell them first.
Tony wondered through the halls trying to find Steve's room. After a few minutes, Tony found his room. He knocked on the door hesitantly. A familiar face opened the door. "Tony? Wha-How?" Steve looked at Tony's legs.
Sorry in advance for any spelling mistakes... I'm still in school and this story is not overviewed or edited by someone... i am forever alone... anyway enjoy...?
"I'm trying to find the person I love. Brooklyn, 569 Leaman Place." Tony stated, remembering that was where Steve said he lived.
Peter and his class ventured into the main science wing when Peter felt a small, but painful bite on his neck. He smacked what looked liked to be a spider and shrugged, he could ask Bruce or his dad later.
“You know I don’t have time for relationships, Buck,” Steve commented, putting down the needle to admire his work. “They’re a waste of time, and plus I’m fine staying single.” His friend scoffed, pulling his sleeve down the new red star on his shoulder. “If you call having one night stands every night ‘being single’ fine. But don’t come running to me when you’re tired of fucking complete strangers every night.” Steve rolled his eyes, it wasn’t as if he was fine with not having someone to go home to, it was more he couldn’t find someone. “Alright Buck, I’ll see you tomorrow,” Steve said waving his friend a goodbye as the younger man left the shop. Steve went to the bathroom and grabbed the edges of the sink looking at himself in the mirror. His eyes looked bloodshot, his blonde hair sticking up in several directions. He sighed, how did he end up like this? Single. Working in a tattoo show for minimum wage. Sleeping with complete strangers he takes home every night. Living in an old crusty single apartment. He had a good life in college, friends, a nice girlfriend, good grades, a steady art internship. Until his mom died and his one source of happiness disappeared. He got into alcohol, got kicked out of school. He was lucky enough that his friend Natasha let him work at the tattoo shop.
"Just this...person who moved to my school recently, they were my roommate at the orphanage, I guess he got adopted."
"Hey, Parker or is it Stark-Rogers or Rogers-Stark which one of your dads put it in any way!" Flash yelled the literal second that Peter arrived at school.
The Avengers were still processing what their teammate just said. Yeah, they knew about Tony being gay (it was pretty obvious), but Steve that was just unexpected.
Peter groaned. Maybe he could get Uncle Clint and Aunt Natasha to be his 'parents'. He could only imagine all the embarrassment that his dads would cause.
When JARVIS did as Steve asked, Steve walked in towards Tony was, when his music erupted in background noise resembling gunshots. Steve imminently started shaking and dropped the plate. The loud crash making Tony turn around at him. Steve dropped to the floor, head in his knees, breathing off and fast. Tony sped towards him, kneeling in front of the man. Steve thought he heard Tony say, "JARVIS off," before Steve was wrapped in a hug with words of "Shhh," and "It's ok," in his ear.
"That's Pats! I will!" Peter said to the check-in lady Patsy, he knew her very well considering that his very close family lived on the top 10 floors.
"Throughout these many years, I have seen my son grow and flourish. He has been strong in even times where I wasn't, and whenever he got knocked down he always got back up. He chooses to become SpiderMan because he wanted the world to be a better place, and it is, because of him. He has fought Ultron, Loki, Doombots, A.I.M, Hydra, Electro, and many other villains that could have destroyed the world, but thanks to our son they didn't even get a chance to. That's why my husband, and I are proud to announce Peter Stark-Rogers, A.k.a Spiderman as an official member of the Avengers."
Peter gasped, all he saw was a robotic face glitching with cold lifeless eyes, then darkness and this cold feeling that engulfed him in a bottomless pit of nothingness.
"Nope. Nada. Zip. Zero" Tony quipped. "As of 6 months ago you are officially my son, and as a responsible, mature adult-(Peter rolled his eyes)- it is my duty to attend your parent-teacher conference."
“Hey, at least Chris Evans hot, Captain America is a little too stuck up for my tastes,” Steve responded. “Anyway, I was hoping on going to this really good steak place if you’re up for it?”
Tony and Steve walked up to their son, hugged him and looked out into the crowd of press smiled in pride as Peter gave his speech.
"So Mr. Stark, Captian Rogers, it is such an honor to have you on our show today" The announced to the two Avengers sitting on the large couch.
He didn't expect the change to be immediate, but he was disappointed when after a while the change still didn't happen. Suddenly, his legs tail was split into two, yet, he didn't feel anything. He laid on the beach wiggling his
"I like- well love you ok? A lot, and now that you told us that you're also into men I thought I might have a chance. I'm sorry if you don't feel the same way bu-"
They spend 11 hours, laughing, kissing, playing video games, eating human food, and 'fonduing' as Tony learned about that joke.
The talk show host was speechless then assumed that Tony and Natasha were involved in a relationship. "May I just say that you and Ms. Romanaff make a great coup-".
"57 guest badges for the Midtown High tour?" The check-in lady said frantically, while her partner was counting the kids.
“I would love too. Want me to pick you up?” Tony asked Steve. Steve agreed, and they had a date set up for later in the day. Steve had a big old smile on his face when he entered back into the shop, “Fuck, yes man!” Clint cheered high-fiving him, earning a strange look from some customers. Steve shrugged as he settled back into his station and began reviewing his schedule once again.
At this, Steve went tense. "I believe that no matter a persons gender (or lack thereof), race, and/or sexuality they should be treated with respect and equality that everyone else has," Steve exclaimed then grabbed Tony's face to kiss him, then grabbed his husband and son's hand to export them out of the street and into the car.
Tony kissed his husband back, then turned to Peter's class, "Alright mewling quims" Tony learned that from Loki and Thor. "I'm afraid that we can't show you too much, there happens to be an evil pirate watching over us that could strike any minute, but if you have any questions feel free to ask," Tony said looking at the group at all the hands that shot up.
"I don't fucking care what you're trying to do! This is our son and we never got to see him be born, but we love him dearly and no matter what, through failing grades, or first break-ups, or crushes over mentally-ill mercenaries; we will be there for him! And I don't want you to try to save our son! I need you to save our son because he-he's my son" Tony looked down at Peter's face, he had a bloody lip, and a black eye, but Tony saw the young boy back in the orphanage, alone and scared.
"Ok... oops look at that the Avenger's emergency... coming through our... invisible coms," Tony said glaring at Clint who (still was wrapped in toilet paper) was rolling on the floor cracking up with laughter.
They all stayed in each other's arms for a while, silently whispering 'I love you' to each other, not even think that there was a small chance that Peter could've died.
Two hours later when Peter woke up, he looked in the mirror and gasped. He was ripped, like actually ripped. After pinching himself many times, to make sure he wasn't dreaming Peter started freaking out. He wasn't stupid he knew that he should probably tell someone about this, he could possibly be possessed by some weird alien from outer space or something.
"Cap?" Steve opened his eyes hazily and looked at the man in front of him, "That's it big guy, focus on me," Steve blinked and looked at Tony, his face so close to Steve's. Steve kissed him deeply, and Tony let out a shocked "Mmmph!" as he returned Steve's kiss for a short moment before leaning back away from Steve. "Hey, hey Steve. You don't know what you're doing," Tony said grabbing Steve's tear-stained face in his hands.
"I know that; excuse me for being a little worried that my son jumped 5 feet in mid-air and stuck  to the ceiling." Tony retaliated.
"Tony you cannot date a national icon" Pepper responded. "And how do you even know if he's gay, bi, pan, whatever?"
At this point, Tony started to space out all he could think about was how crystal blue this mans eyes were, or how broad his shoulders were, or how he would love to run his fingers up his-
Peter isn't stupid, but he's not paranoid, he decided to run a series of tests (at 2:00) and found out that it was, in fact, a spider bite. Peter also found out that the bite was harmless, but would give him increased stamina, speed, and what he discovered by himself (after many coffee runs) was that his fingertips stuck to material, and whenever something bad would happen (like coffee spilling) he would get a tingling feeling at the back of his head.
"BECAUSE YOU HAVE SCHOOL! NOW EXPLAIN TO ME WHY YOU ARE STILL ON THE CEILING- YOU KNOW WHAT FAMILY MEETING, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO SCHOOL TODAY"
"Oh, umm. No, sure, it's fine." Tony stammered. His eyes wondering around the man's fit form through the tight shirt.
P.S: Thanks to everyone for supporting me... life is hard, to say the least, and writing this story allows me to escape just for little.
“I found them,” Steve cut in as his eyes fell on three people in far corner of the large office room. They couldn´t yet see him and he didn´t want to yell, so instead he rushed ahead while in his ear Iron man was informing him he located the bomb.
“I will drop you on the 16th, the bomb is on the 9th. Jarvis said the bomb won´t go off for the next 16 minutes or so. I will go look at it. And yeah, by the way I hacked your communication system, so we might talk during the process if you want.”
“Oh,” the little girl sighed disappointedly, but she was already well used to her Daddy not finishing his tales all in one night, and her disappointment didn’t last long.
Since the day Avengers had helped him drag the gauntlet off his burnt hand, Tony had become a different person. He didn’t talk much. De didn’t let anyone touch him beside the doctors he already knew. He barely interacted with others. Sometimes he didn’t even acknowledge their presence. At first Steve thought he in particular deserved this treatment for everything he’d let happened between them with Bucky and Siberia – something he beat himself over every single day. But it wasn’t just him. The engineer closed completely to the outside world. He didn’t just simply ignore it, he had even troubles to start focus on it in the first place. There were clearly so many things wrong with Tony that it was hard to find a way how to pick and fit the broken pieces back together.
“He is right, we should go home,” Steve forced himself to pull away, still cradling Tony in his arms like a treasure.
He was now hyper-aware that those were actual fingers and not gloves. For a moment Steve imagined how it would feel if he could reach out and find Iron man´s face, hair and shoulders instead of the cold metal. Because all of those had to be right in front of him.
Tony cleared his throat and he spoke up more serious this time. “I know that I´m holding us in this situation. But I´m not ready to give up my solo life yet. I still have few things to finish first, blow up something and stuff. But it´s not going to be forever like this.”
He could see Tony was considering. Cloak tugged at his shirt like it encouraged him to go with the plan. It took some time until Tony opened his mouth again to speak.
Steve nodded briefly, trusting that the magic artefact would keep a pace with him when he more ran than walked away from the room.
“Come here,” Tony said almost whispering and Steve was glad that at least the man recognized him and wanted him close. He moved wordlessly at Tony´s side, he gazed at his hands carefully to see what he was holding.
Some color had returned to his face and the big dark circles under his eyes were not so apparent. Steve didn’t want to let his hopes up and assume he would speak with the man tonight, but then Tony started to walk around the room and greet some people. Still ignoring any stranger who dared to throw themselves in his way, he talked only with people he knew.
“What´s wrong?” Tony stopped eating and was probably watching Steve in the dark. Bright as he was, he had to know immediately that something was wrong.
Strange looked up straight into Steve’s eyes, pursuing his lips while playing with his glass on the desk.
Tony´s tone changed into disapproving one. “You want to sneak out behind mother´s back? I would never think that about you, captain.”
There were also some miscalculations in years which I corrected as well. Tony lived through 5 years before his Snap. From those five years he and Steve were together for 3 years. Which means that after almost 3 years of storytelling, Tony counts 6 years together.
He wanted to ask many things. Like what had Tony seen? Who had he fought? What the hell had happened to him? But all Steve could do at the end was to wrap his fingers over Tony´s where they were resting against his metal heart and count the steady beats.
Steve took in his own surroundings. The street was almost empty, but a lot of people were surely hiding inside the buildings. The bomb could be in any of them.
“What did you mean that him talking isn’t a good sign?” Steve blurted out. He got a bad feeling in his guts about this.
“What?” he asked confused, not able to look away. He could swear Tony was aware of the reason and was snickering inside that helmet of his. “Oh, wine… yes. I do like wine.” He started to move towards the table and Steve´s body followed as well.
When it finally happened, Steve almost passed the opportunity only staring on the ringing device in disbelief. His hand trembled when he picked up.
“You are…” and he knew that wasn´t the perfect expression, but it was close, “breathtakingly beautiful.”
“And you have full lips, sweet and soft and soooo skillful,” he added, now sending Tony into series of amused chuckled noises.
The one hand encircling his lower back disappeared and Steve landed smoothly in the opening. He briefly turned back to see Iron man changing his direction in the last possible second to avoid colliding with a wall and shook his head.
The device looked alien to him and it took him few hours of frustration to learn how to work with it. There was only one number saved. Steve didn´t have to be a genius to know who sent him the gift and he waited impatiently until the phone went off for the first time.
“Hey, sugarcube, what is going on? I´m at the meeting right now. What? Steve Rogers? Like who? No, sorry, don´t know what you´re talking about.”
The sudden sharp movement of Tony´s hand under his made Steve pull back. An unfamiliar ringtone started to play with funny lyrics.
“That´s not funny, Tony,” Steve reminded him, “Natasha is loyal to me, but she is also a SHIELD´s agent. I can´t ask her to lie for me forever.” But what was the other option? Stop meeting? No, that wasn´t an option, or was it?
“It powers the suit, but you had to figure this already,” Tony ignored Steve´s offer. “I didn´t want you to see because… well, first of all it looks awful.”
Steve woke up startled. He had a distant feeling that some unpleasant dream might have been a reason. However as soon as he blinked into the weakly lit room, it was gone, erased from his memory. Certainly he won´t miss it.
Please, leave me a comment if you liked the story. Comments are like cookies. I love cookies. I live from cookies. :)
“In a few minutes…” Iron man added, gently patting the spot he´d just bandaged, “you´ll be as good as new, captain.”
“You kiss the left side only. Always.” Tony tried to joke his way around, suddenly shifting a little. All the playfulness vanishing.
“Okay,” Tony answered breathlessly and suddenly they were both up their feet, drawing each other inside. Steve lost the majority of his clothes on the way to the bed, letting Tony throwing them away like they offended him in some way. By this time they were pretty much used to move around very low light or none at all, so there was no need to split even for a second.
Steve made himself look into his own plate and took a tasting bite. Okay, so the meat wasn´t quite ready yet, but Steve hungry as he was, couldn´t care less.
Steve wanted to see him so badly. Not only his body without the armor. But also his face, his eyes, his lips especially when he could hear him snickering. And for a second he thought about asking him, but then he stopped himself. If he knew and wouldn´t tell Fury that would be a direct break of order. Still…
“This is like the blindest date ever,” he laughed and in next moment the cloth brushed Steve eyelashes. He closed his eyes.
He let him go. He didn’t have a right to force Tony into the contact with him or to try to prolong it. The engineer disappeared from the room soon after.
“Thank you for saving me, Steve,” he whispered into his partner’s mouth after a long moment of the two of them just starring at each other. Tony pressed their lips together in a brief, loving kiss.
Tony seemed to be happy with his answer. He said: “No, I just wanted to make sure.” And then he was slowly reaching for Steve and pulling him closer to him, letting him enjoy what he was seeing. He took a very long time to just stare in his eyes. The phone went off and crashed the moment, but Tony just indicated for Steve to answer it.
And it meant that they were enemies but ones who didn´t want to kill each other. Because hey, maybe they chose different methods, but both Iron man and Avengers were fighting against bad guys after all. And each time they met, the both sides knew, that capturing him alive or at least not gravely injured wasn´t an option. If they learned something, it was the fact that he was as much survival material as Steve´s team was.
“You know I love you too, honeybear, just watch your heartrate. No. And no. I don´t think that´s the best idea. I heard you talking about being an aggressive prick or just aggressive, so I´m going home. JARVIS can handle me.”
“Tony are you bleeding?” he felt sick only pronouncing the words. When no immediate reply came his way, he stood up, stopped in the next second by the same hand squeezing.
Steve just shook his head. “I want you to call me, Tony. I love our conversations.” Even despite the fact they had to be careful what information they give away. “It´s the only thing I´m looking forward every day.”
After a pause a soft woman’s voice said: “up” and Steve walked into the lift with Cloak flying after him.
Don´t forget to like, dislike, subscribe, comment. Make my soul shudder with happiness. Please, subscribe here as well, so you get updates. :)
“And it´s out… eh, never mind. Yes, that was the plan, if you´re up to it?” Without the usual confidence in Iron man´s words, Steve felt the urge to reply in nanoseconds.
For a long moment there was no answer, only harsh breathing on the other side and small incoherent sounds of pain and discomfort.
“Hear you, cap. I´m on it. Everything for my damsels in distress.” The familiar voice made him turn around right in the time to see a red-golden suit approaching the spot, where he stood, from the sky. Steve fought against the corners of his mouth not to go up in natural response to the other man´s presence.
His body went into full fight mode in a single second, moving forward to the possible threat even if he couldn´t see what or who it was. He noticed the restraints on his hands only when they returned the force he put into them and threw him back into the chair. And the person and touch disappeared completely sometime between those two actions.
By that time Steve was full of scratches and few good hits landed on various parts of his body, but what was more important, Tony was bleeding again. It was priority to fix that problem first and while doing so, Steve politely declined an apology coming from the man.
“I hope he´s alright now. He was when he was leaving and the effects of the gas should be gone by now.” He hoped so.
“Good, you understood quickly, Captain. I do not posses that information, unfortunately nor do I have an access to the any other floors of this tower.”
“Captain, let me introduce to you Anthony Stark, the CEO of Stark Industries and currently also SHIELD´s new weapon´s specialist for your team,” Fury stated flatly, but with something funny in his voice. There was a hint of a joke between the lines, but Steve didn´t really pay attention to that. Not when he finally heard the name he yearned to know for such a long time and his eyes fell on Tony´s lips pronouncing Steve´s name in response. Steve had literally no idea how Tony managed it to sound so dirty.
Tony´s face under the mask made a small move to the side like he had no idea what was Steve talking about, so Steve indicated with a nod.
He knew that it meant very much to him. They had never ever made love with Tony completely naked. Without his T-shirt. Sometimes when they pressed tightly at each other, he could feel something there, in the middle of his chest, but he never dared to touch.
“No, I know it does, at least to me. And it´s personal. Very personal.” He took a ragged breath and Steve summoned all the control he could not to look up at the slightly lit face. He could. And Tony wouldn´t probably stop him.
“When I was attending to him, he had a fever and was talking all the time. He said few things…” Steve took the way Strange’s body stiffened. He clearly didn’t want to talk about it. So why was he?
The engineer sighed and then slowly turned to face him. His attention, however, was momentarily claimed by the levitating piece of cloth tugging at his sleeve urgently. Steve didn’t notice when Cloak had left him.
“Just a small bet,” Clint replied and Steve blushed under his stare. The archer clearly knew what happened between him and Tony. And his first thought was turning at Natasha.
“Hey, ughm, sorry, I… will be on my way out…” At first Steve didn´t recognize the voice. He only knew that someone had to open the door they hadn´t locked and maybe that person didn´t even recognize them, but then a sudden sharp inhale interrupted all of Steve´s thoughts and he let go of Tony´s lips to glance at the intruder.
“Suddenly,” Tony continued with a bright smile, “the prince spotted a lonely knight in the courtyard. He was training with his sword and the prince couldn’t stop looking at him. He was soooooo beautiful.”
“He shared the story,” Steve offered the information, but didn´t go into any details without Tony´s permission, “he just wanted you to know about his condition in the case of an emergency.”
And Tony was a fast student, delivering Steve pleasure he couldn´t even dream of. If Fury had enough time to place the bugs in his flat, he received a hell of a show – as Tony mentioned while laughing and touching Steve in the way it made it impossible to stay quiet.
Steve´s smile started to widen as he was speaking and at the end his face almost hurt. The rest of his team was clearly on the same page with him. Nat even hugged him, whispering softly in his ear.
“Hope you like the chicken, it´s the only thing I can cook.” The voice from the kitchen was again one which Steve connected with the suit and that was a shame. He was sure Tony would appear once more fully covered in metal, so instead his eyes set on the small table for two in the middle of the room. It was kept simple, yet the look on the plate and food and a careful way of styling gave away that person preparing it all cared a lot.
Who is excited for the last chapter? If you liked this so far, let me know. Your comments and kuddos make me write faster! :P Beta-readed by
“Have you tried?” the question was innocent. Tony didn´t seem to be really worried, but he was also drugged.
“Anything you want. I don´t care really. You can tell him I left you in the dark room and played you Justin Bieber for five hours straight.”
When he sat down next to Tony´s body again and switched the light on, he nearly gasped at the amount of blood around the sheets and Tony´s T-shirt. The engineer´s breathing was a bit better now, or at least he didn´t sound like he was about to suffocate anymore.
“So I´m not going to urge you into anything. I had this feeling that you might… But yeah, I misunderstand people a lot. I still like your company, so you can just tell me to fuck of and we can start right at the beginning only as friends or…”
“At least is he hot?” Clint asked casually, playing with one of his arrows in his lap and eying Steve with something humorous written over his face.
He could easily say when the man was tired or not in the mood, when he was joking and having fun, when he was careless and few innocent things escaped his otherwise locked storage of information. He could even say when he thought Steve was sad and his voice got all soft on the edges, comforting. But what was the most important after weeks and weeks together Steve could say one thing for himself too. He was slowly falling in love with the man and even if he wanted to stop it now, he feared it was already too late.
“I…” Iron man started and there was a very unfamiliar puzzled tone in his words. Then Steve finally noticed.
When he finally decided to lay at the bed, he let the phone rest on the pillow next to his head. Brushing the cover with the tips of his fingers, he closed his eyes.
“Isn’t it a bit odd that Mr. Stark approached everyone from his friends tonight, and to most of them he said the words that had been left unspoken between them? What did he say to you? Didn’t it sound like he was giving you a goodbye? Because to me it sounded pretty much like that.”
The breath got stuck within Steve´s lungs, but he still tried to shake the panic off as fast as he could.
“God, I hope it´s over. I feel like I was run by the train,” he said when Steve finally lied down next to him and the two of them curled together.
“Captain, report, Steve!” there was a voice, which he heard now, which had to be there all the time, but suppressed under the fire.
“You don´t have to explain anything,” he stated after all was done and Steve threw a light blanket over Tony´s torso, hoping it would make him feel more relaxed when the light would be covered again. “Will you be okay? With the gas and everything? Can I do something more?”
The funny thing was Steve didn´t even know his own preferences or at least he thought he knew until now.
Also if you feel like checking out my brave new youtube channel who cries for some attention, please go and see my two Marvel thematic videos:
Steve saw the surprise on Tony’s face regarding his chosen words and then a small smile forming on his lips.
“Yes, Sweetheart, I brought you food. You need to eat. After vomiting up last night’s supper and missing breakfast this morning, you must be starving.”
“In my defense, pushing AND turning the lid when you’re battling a migraine is more difficult than it sounds.”
Silence reigned for a moment. “Sir, if I may ask, what IS happening? You have injuries I cannot account for and the information I’ve accessed from the S.H.I.E.L.D. database suggests unusual circumstances surrounding Doctor Serafin’s death.”
“What you ‘just did’ was defend yourself. And you were right in doing so,” Clint said as he put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Natasha nodded and rubbed circles into his back.
So how is everyone liking it? Please feel free to leave comments with your theories, criticisms and praises. The bad guy will be revealed relatively soon but I'd like to hear what everyone is thinking is going on before I do so. Click that button!
“What about the fight that I’m sure they put up? Any of your people injured?” Steve cut in before the conversation could deteriorate. While none of the Avengers were fans of SHIELD, especially since they seemed to miss how much their organization was infiltrated by HYDRA before Steve, Sam, Natasha, and Fury put an end to it by leveling the Triskelion and dumping the Insight helicarriers into the Potomac, everyone liked Coulson. Probably the only reason they agreed to work hand-in-hand with SHIELD to weed out HYDRA and look for Loki’s scepter was because of Coulson being the newly appointed Director. Fury did well appointing him before having to fall off the map to pretend to be dead. Everyone was still slightly wary of Fury but everyone trusted Coulson’s judgement even though they were pretty sure that the two men were still in contact with each other.
He stepped out of the bathroom and made his way to the kitchenette, looking for something- anything- to boost his blood sugar and make the room stop spinning. Unfortunately, he was sorely disappointed to find an almost empty fridge (pull and peel cheese, ew- why were they even there) and barren cabinets. There wasn’t even anything he could use to make a smoothie. He ran out of food-stuffs a while ago but never bothered replenishing since Steve always brought meals and snacks down for him and he was tired of his fridge going rank when what little he did have in there spoiled. Grudgingly accepting that he was going to have to start compiling grocery orders for his workshop again, he shut the door with a huff.
Steve was laying on top of the comforter of his bed, staring at the ceiling, when his phone rang. He wiped away the tears that hadn’t dried yet and pulled his cell out of his pocket to check the caller ID.
Steve gave Tony two hours to calm down before following him to the lab. He understood why the genius was upset but he was still surprised to find the lab in lockdown and the windows blacked-out. Before inputting his security override code and possibly angering Tony by ignoring his obvious desire to be left alone, Steve called out to JARVIS to ask for permission to enter. To his pleasant surprise, the windows immediately lightened and the door clicked as it unlocked and the automatic opening mechanism was engaged.
“Good idea, let’s go to bed,” Tony said, getting up quickly from the couch and grabbing Steve’s hand to pull him up.
“What Bruce, you don’t want to have to explain to the God of Thunder the wonder of the human colon?” Tony was clutching a cup of coffee that Steve had poured for him to his chest, breathing in the delicious, aromatic steam but not quite seeming to relax.
Convinced that Tony wasn’t going to give them any trouble and that the Avengers weren’t going to feel the need to attack to defend him, Hill and the four agents lowered and holstered their weapons. Once the agents were as unarmed as they were going to get, the Avengers relaxed slightly and lowered their own, Thor setting his hammer down with a loud, metallic THUD on the table.
“You don’t know that! None of you know that for sure!” Bruce stood up, waving his hands frantically as though he wanted to slap them all.
Tony shot up in his seat as he startled awake. Steve had his hand on his shoulder where he was gently shaking him, trying to wake him where he’d fallen asleep on the car ride home; however, instead of looking at Tony, he was sending a disdainful look at Bruce who was standing outside the Escalade with a sheepish look on his face.
Tony arched his back and ground his hips into Steve’s seeking friction until he felt lips against his throbbing erection. Steve had let go of his hands and now pinned his hips to the bed as worked, using all the tricks he knew would drive him wild. “You’re so good for me, Sweetheart,” Steve murmured, lovingly.
Eventually, Coulson and Hill entered and took seats on the opposite side of the table from him. Tony heaved a sigh of relief. “Never thought I’d be happy to see you two. I’m going stir crazy in here. Thought maybe you’d left me to rot.”
The sound of the connecting line that followed him to the bathroom rang for what felt like the hundredth time, though was probably only the fifth or sixth since Tony knew Rhodey’s phone always went to voicemail on the seventh, and finally clicked with an answer. The shaving kit went momentarily forgotten.
Tony sagged into his chair and ran a hand over his tired face. DUM-E came over to him, holding a cup of coffee. Apparently he had gotten started on it as soon as Tony had entered earlier. Tony pretended to take a tentative sip and made an exaggerated “mmmmmmmm” sound, then patted the bot and said, “Thank you, much better.” The bot gave a happy beep and spun away. He had realized early on that the chances of DUM-E adding motor oil to his coffee increased exponentially whenever he was sick or run down. The little bot seemed to believe that since oil changes made HIM feel better that it would have the same effect on his creator and Tony appreciated the sentiment. He figured he had to look pretty haggard at this point, since he had only averaged maybe two to three hours of semi-restful sleep each night over the last five evenings and last night had been the worst of all. He was used to going with little to no sleep but this was getting to be too much, even for him.
Tony slowly stood from his kneeled position on the floor, realizing he still held the damn carton of orange juice. He hurled it at the door, but given that it was empty it didn’t give him a tiniest bit of satisfaction. It also didn’t help that, while the OJ helped with the light-headedness from the blood-loss, it did nothing to wipe the sluggishness he felt throughout his body and the throw barely made the carton clear the kitchen area. He rubbed his eyes, hoping the adrenaline from the danger he felt from being helpless without his suits would reinvigorate him but the sleepless nights were catching up with him. He used to be able to go longer and harder than this, especially during his college days. He would go whole semesters with only a few winks every other night while he worked day and night completing projects and theses, fueled only by Ritalin, coffee, and his desire to prove his worth to his father. When he was desperate, he’d find a dealer and snort some cocaine though that usually only had the effects of making his writing even more illegible and upsetting Rhodey.
“Sir, Captain Rogers would like me to inform you that dinner will be ready in 10 minutes and, I quote, ‘Your fine iron tush better be upstairs and seated at the table before the salad hits the sideboard,’” JARVIS announced.
“Pepper called me. Pepper never calls me when I’m away on a mission unless you’re presumed dead or dying.”
When Tony at last looked up, Steve noticed that he looked terrible. The worry lines that he had tried to smooth over the night before looked to be as deep as trenches and he was white as a sheet. Even those beautiful chocolate eyes were mildly-bloodshot, though it was hard to tell since once again Tony seemed to be avoiding his gaze. “Steve, I…” He bit his bottom lip and Steve fought the urge to move in to kiss those lips that were being worried so much. “I’m so sorry about last night. I really don’t know what came over me. That’s never happened before.”
As she gave her little apology speech, Bruce paid close attention to see if she was genuine. He was pleased to see that she seemed to mean it, but was a bit worried by the dark circles under her eyes and the pallor of her skin. In the few days she’d been here, she seemed to be quickly succumbing to exhaustion. As he took the carrier from her hands, he noticed her right hand had a large bandage wrapped around it and there appeared to be a tiny bit of blood seeping through. “What happened to your hand? Did you get hurt in the lab?”
“Captain Rogers is currently on floor 67, in a meeting with Director Coulson. Would you like me to contact him for assistance?” JARVIS actually sounded both hopeful and hesitant at the same time, if that was possible for a human, much less and artificial intelligence.
“Excuse me?” Tony’s hands dropped a tiny bit, in shock. The agent’s guns rose a few inches, not sure if Tony was about to reach for a weapon or call his armor.
“The evidence is damning. I’m not gonna lie, it looks really bad.” Coulson could tell that he was in danger of angering the very man who had the authority to throw them out, regardless of whether or not interfering with an investigation would look bad on the Avengers. “Look, Steve, I-.”
Steve reached over and put his hand on Tony’s knee. “I hate it when you talk about yourself like that, and I hate it even more to hear someone like Fury use anything like that against you. You’re not a ‘slut’ or a ‘man-whore’ and never were. I just wanted to let you know that NO ONE who’s worth their weight, especially me or anyone on this team or even Coulson and Hill, thinks of you like that.”
Realizing the sound was JARVIS and that the black was receding from his vision, he tried to follow the instructions. It took about 5 minutes until he finally felt as though he wasn’t about to pass out, but it worked.
“Wait, what?” Clint interrupted. “Now FURY’s discussing your sex life? Was that over supper?” Heated glares from Tony, Steve, and even Bruce, shut him up.
Tony moved to bring his right hand up to rub his face then grimaced in pain and switched to the left, dragging it back and forth over his eyes before settling it on top, shielding his eyes from the overhead light. “I don’t know. I don’t even- wait. You have access to the S.H.I.E.L.D. database. Of course you do, I’m the one who told you to hack into it. You’ve been going over their case file for Doctor Serafin’s death?”
“We can’t right now- the blood shorted it out. But believe me, we will be.” Coulson paused for dramatic emphasis and seemed to take pleasure in seeing him turn green. “So you planned on telling Steve that you had betrayed and cheated on him?”
Tony growled low in his throat and at this point, fearing an altercation, Coulson and Bruce both stood up and got between the two scientists. Coulson stood in front of Agent Serafin while Bruce got in front of Tony, both trying to calm them down. Steve stood behind Tony, holding him back. Bruce and Steve didn’t honestly expect Tony to try to go after the woman, but they felt that breaking eye contact between the two was the best way to de-escalate the situation.
Natasha and Clint, familiar with SHIELD’s practices, both tensed. Coulson may have had his arms to his sides, but Hill and the other agents had their hands on their sidearms. Steve noticed too and took a step closer to Tony, ready to defend him if the need arose. The way his hand clenched told the team he was itching for his shield. Thor recognized the aggressive postures as the five agents stood ready to arm themselves and gestured to call his hammer, the move hidden from the view of their uninvited guests since he stood halfway behind Clint. Apparently Coulson could sense it even if he couldn’t see it and said, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you, Thor.”
The first time a supervillain started to show his interest in Captain America no one really understood what was going on. And mostly not Steve. At first, he thought it was some evil plan to compromise him, to manipulate him or to just make him uncomfortable to the point he won´t be able to function within his own team. But it seemed that wasn´t the case.
“Can I at least know your name?” And yeah, that was probably stupid to ask for. “Or any name I could call you?”
“You know I would never. Neither would the team.” Steve couldn´t believe Tony really thought this. “I care about you. Very much. For all I know I´m desperately falling in love with you.” He abruptly stopped, cursing in his head. Hearing his own deep breaths in stunned silence he didn´t expect a soft laughter in return.
Thank you very much for any reviews you might leave here! They make me really happy and encourage me to write more. :)
PS: I guess I didn't explain it very well in the previous chapter, but what happened with Tony is that when he snapped, instead of bringing everyone back - which was quite a hard task resulting in his death in canon - he used only the time stone to take the team back in time on Titan. There they got another chance to beat Thanos. I guess you figured out that it worked out for them. Unfortunately, they no longer possessed the memories that Tony did.
“How can I know, director?” Tony answered calmly. “But can you imagine Captain America be in any other state than alright? I guess he just hates your debriefings, so he probably went to grab a snack and will be back soon enough. Don´t let this vein on your forehead pop out too much.
“No, Steve. You don’t get it. Those weren’t months. Years. We’ve been fighting for years. We’ve done some horrible, horrible things to make it work.” He made a painful grimace and Steve tightened his grip. “You’re saying “we” like us together? The two of us?”
Steve bent closer in the way where he expected to find Tony´s face, he let his hand stroke the other man´s cheek and smiled when Tony leaned in the touch.
“Yes, sir,” was AI´s answer to the order and in a next second Steve was free to move. Still he stayed in the same position for a moment, just to be sure that Tony really left the room. He didn´t want to spoil it – it, whatever was going on between them. After that he put away the cloth from his eyes, blinking and adjusting around the room.
“Okay, cap, the guy is kinda hot, but you have a fucking boyfriend, so please just go with me right now or you will regret this in the morning.”
Tony wasn’t on his floor, so “up” had to only mean the roof. Both him and Cloak looked at each other when they realized what it possibly led to. They approached the last door with even more brutal force than before.
Steve could pickpoint the exact moment when Iron man´s face turned up to meet his eyes even under the cloth.
The answer was probably yes, but it was only up to him how he will deal with the problem. At least Tony developed a nice habit of communicating with him and not lying about his condition.
Iron man stayed hovering in the air, but he wasn´t looking at Steve, probably searching for some kind of an energy signature. And Steve used the time he had to let his eyes wander across the suit. The last fight they´d endured together had been an extremely nasty one. But to Steve´s delight there were no scratched to remind him.
They’d been doing this for such a long time that it had become their habit. Tony looking in the ceiling and talking and Steve listening quietly, sometimes smiling, sometimes holding his breath, sometimes outwardly laughing. There were few times when he’d cried and wiped Tony’s own tears while the other man had continued to speak in quiet, pained tone.
The man didn´t stop shooting and Steve tried to lead him away from women. At least they had enough of the sense to start crawl away immediately without him needing to shout it. The man was getting closer on him, but it wasn´t hard to knock him down once he ran out of ammo. It was the old good tactic of “wait and strike”. Something what Steve´s muscles recognized and followed easily.
Steve didn´t like this way of dealing with potential recruits, but it wasn´t entirely a bad idea and it looked exactly like something Fury would do.
There was a brief second of recognition in man´s eyes and in a next moment a set of bullets were fired in Steve´s way, all of them ending in his shield forcing him to take cover.
Tony seemed to think about something. “I can keep calling you, until I´ll find another way how to meet you.” They both knew it won´t be enough. The distance will be like a stab to the chest.
Tony smiled and petted it affectionally. Cloak didn’t stop to pull until Tony it forced Tony to step down and then it climbed up on his shoulders and stayed there. Tony looked up at Steve, giving him a broken, painful smile.
Tony didn´t seem to be concerned by the mentions of the camera, but then Steve remembered his face was covered when he´d found him.
“I know you have questions,” he started carefully, but Steve shook his head. Then recalling that Tony could probably not see that.
“And then the prince began his journey. He had to fight a lot of monsters in order to get to his princess. But his bold stallion Jarvis helped him. He never left him in trouble and together they saved the princess out of the tower.”
“She likes you,” Steve corrected his statement, “she just thinks we are going to get burned on this.”
“I think we don´t have much choice.” He pressed their lips together, gasping when Tony decided to deepen the kiss, gently forcing Steve´s mouth to let him in.
“Tony,” he couldn´t fight the harsh tone in his own voice. If he was in a danger, there was no time for this.
Steve didn´t know how much time really passed, he wasn´t wearing his watch and the water in the shower was nice enough to lose a track. But it wasn´t even a minute since he sat on the bed until when´s Jarvis announced the dinner was ready and the second door unlocked automatically. Steve first peered in finding a small corridor and an amazing smell hovering in the air like signs next to the road leading him straight to the dining room.
Steve was spending his free days avoiding other people. Sometimes unconsciously. Sometimes not. It wasn´t like he wanted to be alone, but he couldn´t pretend he was alright all the time. It was exhausting. He was still able to perform his duties, but when he put away the uniform he found it hard not to miss the man. Not to think about him. Not to be distracted and above all, not to mind other’s careful eyes checking on him. Natasha even tried to talk to him, apologizing again. Steve understood. He wasn´t angry with anyone, maybe only on himself for being so apathic. It was nothing new he preferred his nights spending alone in his flat, where he could at least hope for Tony to return. These days it was normal for him to take his phone everywhere, praying it would go off today or tomorrow. Preferably today.
“Cap, do you copy? All of the intruders are out, but we are afraid the bomb is already ticking and we don´t know where,” Hawkeye reported a little out of breath. He was probably running. “Natasha is taking care of Hulk, it´s only Thor and me. SHIELD is trying to scan the place, but it might take some time we don´t have.”
Fortunately, there were no more fights after this one, but it also meant no more accidental meeting with Iron man. After few days of Steve walking around the compound like a ghost, something finally happened. A package came with his name on the top. No returning address. And inside a brand new cell phone.
“But I don´t know if you could be interested in this… I mean with me… It´s not like I can read about your preferences on the internet.”
Only after an hour or so, he calmed himself enough to get out of the bed and find something to drink and eat in the kitchen. He returned on his toes, which had as much of an effect as an elephant trying to sneak around.
“Don´t do this, Rogers. I know he was out tonight. His suit blew up a building. There was a camera there, showing him staggering away. Did he go to you?”
“He said that Fury knows who he is, but he doesn´t have the proof or maybe he just pretends by now. It doesn´t really matter.”
And Steve was silent the whole time, surprised, overwhelmed, unable to pretend when all he wanted to do was grab Tony and kiss him senseless.
“And you would like to know why he doesn´t send some ninjas to kick my ass in the shower when I put the suit in the closest.”
He sat back, starring ahead of himself, while Tony standing behind him slowly put away his helmet next to Steve´s plate.
He let him because he wanted those hands near him again, he wanted to fell the guy´s cologne and see him moving and walking with broad shoulders up and down with each breath.
First he reached to the direction of Tony´s hands, but he grabbed only air. He let his own hands outstretched and as he assumed Tony caughed them instead, guiding him up. He placed one of them on the side of his neck and the second on his cheek.
“You have nice long lashes and thick brows. Sometimes when you sleep next to me and you wake up with your face pressed on my chest I can feel them.”
Even though that it had been almost three years since that one night on the roof, Steve very well remembered their deal. He also remembered the trick he’d used continuously up to this night – always making Tony to finish before the end. At the beginning he’d been buying more days like that. More time. Now, it was just a habit. Steve hadn’t even realized that today Tony indeed finished his story. All of it. No continuation required.
Tony was sitting without moving with a plate in front of him and the mask covering his face looking hilarious and adorable at the same time.
It was Steve’s fault he let him think that. Because he’d thought Tony would not be interested in him in that way he’d never approached the man scared that their friendship would be damaged. And then Accords and Siberia happened, the biggest mistake in Steve’s life. And now he learned that despite that Tony still trusted him and maybe loved him in the time lost between their two worlds.
“I figured out like three seconds ago, cap.” He detected a humor in the response despite the machine-sound modification successfully hiding a lot of emotions from the words.
“Thank you for saving me first,” Steve murmured smiling into the next kiss, and then the next one and then one more.
This wasn´t Iron man´s voice, at least not the machine-like one. This was the voice of a normal person, of a man. A nice, deep and steady voice, making everything he said sound like a music.
Steve didn´t really control his hand when it reached to the place he hoped it could meet Tony´s. Maybe his heart did.
Steve chuckled. He let his hand caress Tony´s cheek and he almost crumbled to pieces when Tony looked at him back like he was his entire world.
Tony gave him a fond smile. “I hoped you would. You see… this is like Frodo… I mean me,” he pointed at himself, the cloak only wrapping itself tighter around his body, “the world was saved, but not for him, and neither it is for me.”
“If you don´t mind me asking, why am I in the cuffs and blindfolded?” he ended up saying, pulling inside the cuffs a little to make a point.
The voice was choking on the words when answering. “It was… a trap. I´m sorry. I don´t… There was a gas. I… I breathed… in. ´m… sleepy, Steve. You… find me?”
“Do you recall us watching a movie together? Lord Of The Rings trilogy? Do you remember the last movie?”
“I need to return you,” Tony groaned still so close that Steve could feel it on his skin. “Fury threatened me, we have like 15 minutes until the commando burst through the doors.”
The suit wasn´t impenetrable. It could break and break bones under it. It could bend and burn the skin or puncture a lung. And those pictures were something what Steve couldn´t ignore any more. But he tried, he tried because his team needed him and he tried because Tony asked him to concentrate, to trust him.
“Your team is alright, cap. I guess you will be too in next few hours. Terrorist behind the bars and all… We didn´t lose anyone.”
“He kidnapped Captain America,” Fury tasted the words on his tongue like it was a two days old lunch.
“He,” Iron man pointed his finger at the terrorist, “would let you die. He would let die anyone. He would kill anyone. Come on, cap. You can´t think this seriously. We´ll wasting a time here. I can´t come back. This is the only way out.”
“Great. Now you scared him,” he called out near the phone, running with his hands into the already messed hair. Steve put his palm on Tony´s tight preventing him to get up.
It seemed like it was forever since Iron man had taken off and somehow he knew he won´t make it in time.
He knew it was. God, Tony probably knew it too. But they needed to do it. While remembering the face of the man he loved – he couldn´t say he would take it back for any reason.
Steve was giving everyone his best smile while noticing that the corner of his lips had started to twitch from the strain some time ago. Perhaps in the last hour of this charade.
He returned back to present, shaking his head. “Steve,” he said. It was impossible not to return the smile now.
“Can you walk? I can carry you upstairs,” he offered, when he saw how much troubles it gave him just to hold his eyes open. At least he thought so. He couldn´t see Tony´s face through the hoodie and the dark of the night around them.
“I´m happy for us,” Clint deadpanned and all of them turned to face him, Steve with raised eyebrows. “What? He catches us midair every time we jump of somewhere.”
He turned his head and the metal eyes settled on Steve´s face. “I am no hero, captain. Don´t worry. I don´t plan to die today.” And there was a smile and easiness in his voice, which made Steve feel like it was all not a big deal and everything will end well and that was such a rare feeling in Steve´s life that he had to mentally drag himself back to reality.
Tony’s eyes were darting to the both sides but beside the obvious nervousness, he sounded completely fine. Best in a while. And that terrified Steve to the core.
The man hit the ground, but before that, something had slipped out of his fingers. In that moment Steve was already trying to locate the position of the other women, not able to prevent it in any way. A gas bomb made a small exploding sound and a green fog started to spread out. Steve didn´t have a chance to get away in time. He covered his nose and mouth with his hand, coughing heavily, while with the other one he grabbed the man by the collar and quickly dragged him away.
Steve heard rustling of the clothes and then the gentle but firm touch returned to the spot on his thigh. Maybe it was because the place was too close to the certain part of his body or simply because of those hands, but suddenly Steve felt urge to talk and put his attention elsewhere, before he could embarrass himself.
Iron man let out a quick sharp laugh. “I will personally fly him home, I promise, sir. We won´t be drinking. God knows I had enough for the day.”
Steve just shook his head, putting his fingers around the hem of the T-shirt. A too familiar scene than flashed in front of his eyes and just as the last time he received the same reaction.
“I married you, we adopted our little angel. You know the answer to that question. You know that you didn’t even have to listen to me anymore.”
“And yes, about the restraints… I´m not sure if you know about it,” Iron man stood up and Steve could feel that he let the arms of the chair supported his weight, hopefully because of that it was more comfortable not really needed, “but I officially kidnapped you.”
“Seem so. I think he thinks that if he had a proof of my identity, he could blackmail me into joining.”
Once more Avengers had become a sensation. The re-united group of superheroes who had put aside the grudge held against each other and saved the world from Thanos – that still seemed not to be enough for the headlines of some newspapers. People wanted stories and insight, but they received neither when Tony Stark, Iron Man, had decided not to share what happened – and what only he knew about - with anyone.
There was still an option to put the helmet away, but Steve wasn´t going to suggest that right away. Instead he got up from his seat and walked back to the room. He returned back with a cloth in his hands.
Steve wanted to ask what for, but didn´t have a chance as Tony reached for him and pulled him into a kiss. Steve gasped against the other man´s lips, not just from a surprise but also from the closeness and sudden overwhelming feelings creeping up from his stomach. He had the man in his arms, pressed on his body from head to toe, sending the chills down his spine and Steve never felt the urge not to let go so strong before.
Tony took a deep breath in. “Fury thinks he knows,” he corrected Steve´s suggestion, “but he has no proof and without it he can´t do anything legally. And it seems I´m not such a big thorn in his ass to kill me in my sleep.”
“Steve…” Tony called out again and he could see the lines of the man´s hand trying to find him. He caught the cold fingers and stilled when he felt something warm and sticky covering them.
“You are really the sweetest man in this horrible world,” Tony spoke up after a while, leaning somewhere beyond Steve´s reach. The lamp flickered into life and Steve closed his eyes with a force, because of the brightness and because of what it meant.
“And what about us?” Steve continued, his guts clenching at the thought of Fury´s possible questions. “I mean…”
“Probably because you haven´t kidnapped me for some time,” he joked. And he´d asked Natasha to watch him, because director had to know that Steve would detect anyone else. But Natasha was the best of the best. She was also Steve´s friend and because of that she warned him.
However, Tony looked so fragile these days that no one dared to approach him with the matter despite the fact that it would be probably better if he got it out of his system before he would be forced to answer the questions in front of the council.
Steve was kept in the dark like everyone else. The doctors placed a PTSD sign on the engineer’s head along with many other mental illnesses – some of them Steve had never heard about before. That alone was giving Tony a solid backup for his behavior for quite some time. But Steve and the other Avengers knew it won’t hold forever.
“Tony,” he called out both to the phone and to the man and watched as the head of a figure moved in reaction. A cell phone than slipped out of man´s hand and quiet “Steve” returned with an attempt to stand up.
Steve was taking five stairs at the time, stopping only when he hit the door on Tony’s floor. They didn’t open for him just as Friday had said. He braced himself and started to punch the glass. It was thick and strong, ready to stop supersoldiers, maybe even gods, but not combined power of said supersoldier and a very old magic artefact. Steve would swear that Cloak gave him a snort when he glanced at it admirably.
At the beginning this strange relationship was like a china doll. The trust was nowhere to be seen and although Iron man had smartmouth and seemed to take everything easy, Steve could sense a certain caution when he approached them. It was like every time they ended a fight he expected to turn around and have cuffs on his hands. And was it according to director Fury´s wish, it would probably happened so, but Steve just couldn´t. His teammates often joked that he grew soft on him. And maybe he did.
“Rogers,” Fury started more calmly, “you will not let him walk away from wherever you are. In less than half an hour he will become disoriented and he can repeatedly lose consciousness. Tell him to be reasonable. He can´t go alone or he never makes it to his house.”
“I´m okay, Iron man. There was a one intruder. I took care of him. There are two women I need to get to the safety. Your status?”
Our heroes keep on meeting and getting to know each other, but it´s only a matter of time until their pink bubble burst.
“Can… walk,” he tightened his grip on Steve´s shirt with his other hand and just like that they slowly started the way back in the flat. The stairs Steve had taken before were out of the question now. Thank God the building had an elevator.
“Okay, we have exactly one minute and 37 seconds. You stay right here and I will come back for you. If I won´t be here when it explodes, you jump and I catch you, are we clear?”
“Steve,” Clint addressed the supersoldier, “you won a fucking lottery, man.” His eyes snapped back at Tony. After a moment of thinking, he blurted out: “I want arrows. Explosive arrows. A lot of explosive arrows.”
Steve didn´t expect that and probably neither did Tony. He looked like he was ready to jump out of the bed and disappear, but before that, he moved his fingers in the gesture for Steve to give him the phone.
And everything ended well. They won and no one said anything about Steve being distracted the whole battle. Still the question lingered back in his mind – will he always feel this way from now on?
“Sorry to come here,” Tony whispered and his breath tickled Steve´s skin, a second later he felt the man press his head between Steve´s chin and his shoulder. “I didn´t… nowhere else to go. I panicked.”
“Tony, what are you seeing there?” Steve asked, turning back and forth, making sure there really is nothing creeping on them.
“Yes, that could work…” he kissed those lips with closed eyes and crazy-beating heart – the promise of their future and a brand new world waiting for them, “for a start.”
The truth was no one could prepare him well enough for a distraction and fear binding him into a nervous ball of worry whenever someone aimed a weapon towards the man in the iron suit and fired. Each and every time his breath got caught into his throat, feet froze to the ground and all his attention was suddenly on him and him only. Like nothing else existed for Steve in that moment, all his surroundings blurred, his eyes desperately searching for a familiar red and gold colors in the sky.
A familiar blue light covered the floor behind the counter and Steve tensed before he forced his next step behind it.
“It’s not your Steve, Tony. It’s me,” Steve opposed. “He and I are the same person. Why do you think it wasn’t real?”
His hands stopped working for a moment and Steve had a feeling that the man was surprised by his question.
“Birdbrain, I really appreciate your concern, but Steve can´t cheat on me…” he lifted one of his hands and from his watch an iron man gauntlet formed around his hand, “… with me.” He waved at Clint and the archer´s eyes widened, just as his smile appeared and did the same.
There was an irritated sigh on the other side. “Tell him we took a sample of the gas, it´s not poisonous, but it will make him sick in a few hours. Someone should be with him. He can be delirious, see things, he can be aggressive. Be careful.”
“Actually, sir,” the artificial voice somewhere in the room interrupted Iron man, leaving Steve turning his head in a lost fight to find its source, “I have to remind you that you probably have a concussion, a sprained ankle and bruised at least two…”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Stark,” he finally managed to spill, taking his hand after Natasha had kicked Steve´s foot.
“Yes, so you may be surprised that all of those descriptions are actually accurate. You know my face better than I do, Steve. So let’s stop playing this game. Open your eyes for me.”
He slowly extended his hand until it touched the side of Tony´s face and the man leaned in affectionally. His smile was brighter than stars outside and his eyes glistened.
Steve felt a hint of guilt spreading inside of his chest. Those listed injuries were his fault. He may be okay tomorrow, but ordinary human body would take weeks to heal, like for example Iron man´s body. Sometimes all of them forgot that there was a man inside that armor.
Steve walked in the room with a teasing grin and sat on the bed next to Tony. He reached down to caress their daughter’s hair lovingly.
I hope you liked the video and big sorry if you have already seen it! I´m the worst spammer... :D Join me on my
They heard him and the one with dark long hair nodded. He recognized her as the one who´d urged her colleague to start crawling away earlier. Together they hurried to the window. By the time they got there, Iron man was already floating in front of the opening.
“No, Tony. Please, give me at least tonight. Give me the time to listen to you, and if I can’t make you change your mind, then I will…” He couldn’t even say it. “I will let you do what you want.”
“Hello, capsicle, how do you like my new tech? Waterproof, bulletproof, alienproof, everything a typical superhero needs on the daily basis.”
“Fury has your number?” Steve asked, but didn´t receive a reply as Tony picked up the phone in the same time.
Steve swallowed down the worry and tried to think clearly. He carefully outstretched his hand where Tony could see it.
Natasha had this amused glance when he told her about his previous plans as they were walking into the big fancy room where people immediately started to greet them, but she fell in her role just as he did and it was okay – they had to put up with the charade only for few hours.
“Do you think that it was because he didn’t want to see you? Or was it because he wanted to see that other Steve which had kept him sane during those months but knew he was gone?”
“Do you want me to call you? Because you know… I´ve never asked you. I´ve just given you a phone and expected this will be enough for a while, but I know it´s not.”
“I need to see it, bandage it, you won´t talk me out of this.” Steve sighed, looking around in the darkness. He knew exactly where was what. “I will bring the lamp, I will settle it behind you so it will send the light towards me, I won´t be able to see your face. So get that hoodie of.” This time Tony let him get up and bring what he´d said.
“I asked how it happened.” Like and idiot I was. He´d sensed Tony tensing in his arms and he´d immediately wanted to take it back.
“You did?” Steve couldn´t fight an amusement in his voice. “And what do you plan to do with me then?”
He found the choice of clothes rather funny. The jeans were all right, almost his size, but T-shirt with kittens? Totally his choice number one for a date. Or no… not a date, just a dinner. Because of the hunger, not attraction.
And that was the most honest thing he´d ever admitted aloud about how he was feeling when there was no problem to set his mind upon. He was lonely in this new world. Even with his team around.
Tony got several more hallucinations and each time his reaction was more violent than before. He screamed and trashed and fought Steve with everything he had. Despite the fact that it was breaking Steve´s heart, he was holding him down against his will until it stopped completely and his eyes cleared once again.
