“What’s next?” he asks, heart still pounding.
“Be nice,” Sam mutters back.
The tall guy—seriously, even Sam would be looking up at him—winks as he heads out of the booth, but Dean’s not here to flirt. Not with him, anyway.
He looks surprised. Dean sets the bottle off to the side with a hollow thunk.
She shrugs, innocence all over her face. “Nothing, hardly nothing, dear.” It’s never nothing. “I merely assumed that if you insist upon keeping company with this young man—”
“Yes,” Cas exhales. “Do it. Dean. Do it.”
Once they’re properly bound, they have to make their way to the starting line. There is no escaping the solid press of Cas’s body against his. He can feel the flexing of his muscular thigh and hip, the shifting of his weight. Cas’s hair keeps tickling his neck, his ear, his jaw. If he didn’t know any better, he’d think it was deliberate.
Dean sighs, squares his shoulders. He can do this. It’s one guy. One really, really, really good-looking guy who he’s going to have to interact with at least occasionally, who—not that he’s mentioned this to Sam—might already not like him very much. But he can do this.
“Oh.” Something in Castiel sinks down, settles in the pit of his stomach. He’s not sure if it’s relief or shame.
“Would you stay with me tonight?”
“I probably shouldn’t,” Dean says. “But. Y'know. Feelings are a bitch.”
—can compare to the mental image of Cas fingering himself.
Okay. It’s fine. Dean's just being a baby. His nerves may be one big old jumble as he steps up to the edge of the rock, but he can do this.
Mmhmm. Call Cas on the phone, maybe keep playing with yourself while you talk to him. While you ask him to bring the lube to your room.
He looks so dejected in that moment that Dean finds his hand moving before he gives it permission to land a friendly pat on Cas’s arm. “C’mere,” he says. “I got an idea. Might cheer you up, at least.”
“Really?” Cas asks.
“Hey, they’re not actually—” Dean tries to call after her, but the door has already slammed closed behind her. The shop is quiet in her wake.
“Yeah.” Sam stares at his phone like it might explode. “Yeah, she’s—She’s—”
Zachariah blinks. “Excuse me?”
Nothing wrong with keeping one’s guard up, though.
“Just shut up and get your dick out.”
After a long moment, Cas starts to unwind the ball of red fabric. “Guess I'll be needing a new hoodie,” he says. His tone is flat, deliberately emotionless.
That is an entirely unhelpful mental image. “Are you that flexible?”
“If you want,” Cas finally says, standing back up. “I don’t know why I decided to bring one of the heaviest boxes first.”
Then his eyes catch on a small hand-written sign taped to the front of the counter.
fuck—” Dean bites out as he comes in hard, trembling pulses between their bellies.
Or I could just be his friend.
“After that, I just—I couldn’t. I had to get out. Changed schools to somewhere where no one knew me. Didn’t talk to anybody from Pacific until Charlie found me. And after that, it was just… just easier. I got the job at Sandover, I bought the duplex. Got myself all settled into this life, and there just wasn’t any room in it for”—he gestures at the two of them.
Cas breathes a little easier.
“Lay off, Alistair. She’s here to work. I won’t have you making my employees feel uncomfortable.”
“Is this okay?” he asks, letting feather-light fingertips explore the strong bolt of Dean’s jaw, the plane of his cheek. His thumb taps on Dean’s chin, knocking twice.
With sacrifices to the moon goddess
Meg smiles the kind of smile that hides more teeth than it shows. “Easy, puppy. Look, you’re only gonna get one apology out of me this year, so you’d better enjoy it while it lasts. I’m no Ned Flanders, but even I know better than to let my creepy uncle perv on my neighbors. You’ll probably be glad to know that he doesn’t actually live around here; he’s just after my car.”
“Buzz off,” Dean says, but he wraps the towel around his waist anyway and hangs on tight where it joins. The bright coral-pink flowers go excellently with his complexion.
Cas nods against his collarbone. There’s a lot that Dean could say to that, but for now, he keeps his mouth shut.
Cas pulls the silk of Anna’s robe tighter around him. Chillier than expected, he hurries back into the duplex.
A day off. As he pushes to his feet, Cas tries to remember what that felt like. It’s a distant memory. He's not even sure what he would do with himself. Study, probably, though that seems like defeating the purpose.
“By all means,” Cas says. “I hear Tillamook is lovely this time of year.”
“Yeah,” Claire says. “They sound like they've mostly calmed down, but Mango's still out for blood.”
“You mean he’s done this before?” Whatever ‘this’ even is. Dean’s worst fears have been spiraling out before his eyes since they left the house, and the fact that he hasn’t been able to get a straight answer out of Charlie is not helping.
“Well if you made coffee, does that mean I’m making breakfast?” he asks.
It's stupid, but he thinks it, and uses it as a shield against the idea of Castiel hunting anyone else. It's… oddly discomforting.
When Dean speaks, his voice is firm. “Sam. Finish the spellwork. You, come with me.”
Dean turns to Sam and Charlie, who are now watching openly and grinning identical ear-to-ear grins.
Castiel chews in silence. He doesn’t push, he doesn’t offer again. He just enjoys his wings, sucking the sauce from his fingers until Dean breaks. “Give me that.”
There’s not much Dean can do, not when Cas’s cock has only just now slipped out of his body and he’s still feeling the endorphins of a really good fuck.
Cas squints at him, still suspicious. Then he blinks hard, and for a brief second Dean sees a flash of lucid blue behind the gold.
Finally, Cas can’t take it anymore. He struggles his legs out of the blankets and swings them over the edge of the bed. “Look, if you’re trying to figure out how to let me down gently, just say it. It’s better than waiting.”
“Are you going to stall until pizza gets here, or are you going to play something?” Cas asks with a teasing grin.
“Get up here,” Dean murmurs once they’re both down to the skin. “C’mon, get up here.”
“You know what I mean,” he says, and it sounds sulky even to his own ears.
She gives him a look. “Come on. You were completely gobsmacked, Castiel.”
(See the end of the chapter for
of the guy.
“I’ll try,” Cas says, with a smile between bites.
Dean all but does a little fist pump of triumph. “Excellent.” His smile could light up the whole street, but it seems to be settling for Castiel’s heart, which is beating far faster than he’d like. “See you then.” He sounds so hopeful.
“Then what the—” Dean bites his tongue. No. He’s not going to be that pathetic. “Fine. Have a nice life, Castiel.” And with that, he turns his back and marches toward his front door. God forsaken keys, why did he have to lock his door, and why are his hands shaking like this—
Words chosen carefully.
“Ow.”
“Fuck yeah —” Dean grabs Cas’s hair and pulls his head to the side, maybe too rough, but he doesn’t much care right now. He’s busy burying his face in Cas’s neck, searching for the source of sandalwood-cedar, citrus-sage, the Cas-scent he loves so much.
“I look like an idiot,” he says to Charlie—
Dean hasn’t seen Cas on the porch since Monday. It’s startling how quickly something like that became a routine he looked forward to, how much he misses it when he’s not there. He wonders if Cas is having a busy time with the kids—wonders how Claire is doing—or if he’s out enjoying the sunshine, or if he’s just holed up in Anna’s house by himself. In his more melancholy moments, Dean wonders if Cas is taking Meg to the river. Or some other girl, since he’d said Meg wasn’t his girlfriend. It stings to think about, but he shakes it off. It’s not like he has any claim on the guy at all. They’re barely even friends, no matter what he’d said to Claire.
“Oh my god,” Dean shakes his head. “Don’t believe a word he says, Cas. He’s like a puppy: all noise, no teeth.”
“It doesn’t seem like a super bad one, at least. You’re more coherent than a lot of omegas I know.”
Cas walks a little closer, close enough that their shoulders brush. “Okay. You can tell me later,” he says quietly, and Dean is overwhelmed with the sandalwood and burning cedar he’s been drowning in for weeks now. He has to close his eyes, though he’s not sure whether he’s savoring or trying to compose himself. Maybe both.
“Then—what the hell?”
“Sam, lay off,” Dean says before Cas can get in a word to defend himself. “This is your first piercing, right, Cas?”
Cas doesn’t say anything else, too busy inhaling huge bites of comfort food goodness.
Cas nods and whines in his ear as Dean prepares him. It’s sweet torment until Dean can slide inside, and then Cas is riding him hard, like a man possessed.
Dean snorts. “C’mon, man, be serious for half a second.”
“But we’re married. Officially.” Cas’s arm tightens at Dean’s waist, and yeah, okay, he can live with the stupid name.
Tugging on himself in earnest now, Dean clicks deeper into the video, looking for the good stuff. Rimming, yeah, fingering, fuck yeah, but what he’s looking for is—
Cas pulls back and Dean stumbles to his feet, knees protesting, and gathers Cas into his arms. “That was — phenomenally stupid,” he pants against Dean’s collar bone.
“If the preventative works, you might never have to use the spray,” Tessa tells him as she hands over the prescription sheets. “If you end up having to use the spray more often than not, come back, and we’ll try a different approach.”
And there it is — that feeling of something clicking into place
This is really not what Dean came here to talk about. Or, okay, maybe it is, but he still feels weight drop like a stone into his stomach. “I guess, yeah.”
“Exactly. And you’re running a brand new business on the side? Come on, man—”
“That sounds reasonable.”
I guess Thursdays are the new day that posting happens ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Dean’s right. Beds are amazing. What unique joy humans can derive out of the simplest of things. He spends a lot of time thinking about that after he wakes up, several hours later and feeling much more refreshed. He thinks about how knowledgeable Dean is about so many human things, all the sensory pleasures of life.
Cas lets his gaze fall away and resettles himself on the bed. It really is very nice to have such a large bed to spread out in. He’s beyond unaccustomed to it, but he could get spoiled like this. “No,” he says. “Just that I got my hands on some actual-wormwood absinthe, and it would be a shame to drink it alone.”
Dean’s early to the Toe Bean the next morning. His worries are hardly soothed when he finds an unwelcome face behind the counter.
At five minutes past six am, Castiel Smith is rudely awoken from his dream of escape. He can't even remember what he was dreaming about. Probably flying. He likes those.
So, cat cafes generally don't work like I've written them. They usually have a separate room for the cats and the cats are usually adoptable rather than permanent residents. But I wrote it this way and I like it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
(See the end of the chapter for
A round of applause greets him from inside the shop. Rufus is grinning and saying something that looks like “about damn time,” and Jo is jumping up and down with her bruise-knuckled fist in the air. Cole stands off to the side, looking uncertain and sullen.
Dean’s eyes blink open, clear and eager. “Yeah,” he sighs. One hand comes up to Castiel’s cheek, palm and fingers over the rough stubble.
Dean pets his hair again, smoothing the unruly strands so that they all lie the same direction. “It’s gonna be new for both of us,” he says at last. “I’ll tell you one thing, though: I’ll probably just look at you like you’re the hottest thing since Hot Pockets.”
“No, you’re not. Hang on. I’m coming out.”
He doesn’t want to let go.
“Only the worst stories. I promise,” he says with an exaggerated wink.
Cas sighs. “Work. Too many children I couldn’t help, too many families caught up in red tape, too many of my coworkers too jaded and bitter to even try. I saw them all broken down by a system intended to lift people up, and it—I couldn’t be a part of it anymore.” His voice breaks, but he keeps going, pushing past the memories, the names and faces behind the case numbers and manila folders, made hazy by time and intentional erasure. “You have no idea, Dean, the horrible things people will do to children. And the ones who needed me the most wound up being the ones I couldn’t save.” Cas folds himself over the old ache in his belly, fingers itching for his lighter. “First, I became a workaholic. Then I started drinking. It was never any one thing, just a never-ending series of failures. Even the success stories—I couldn’t change what had already been done.”
“What if he what?”
“Says you.”
The rest of the school’s population rush around them. Dean waves at Benny, his fellow football bench warmer; Hannah walks with them for a few paces to ask about a book they’re all supposed to be reading. But in the end, everybody is eager to get as far away from the school as they can. The weekend beckons; next week seems ages away. Even Castiel’s calculus quiz is a hazy third priority behind getting home to enjoy his blessed freedom.
“I know you were, um. Looking forward to — ah. Being in my position.” Cas’s dopey, love-drunk grin makes Dean smile back as he shrugs one shoulder.
Dean nods. “Yeah, why did you end up driving back, anyway?”
“Dean.”
The silence is just starting to stretch to awkwardness when Castiel says, “I never asked what you wanted,” and starts to stand up.
Castiel’s new house is nestled in the elbow of an aimless road deep in a suburban maze. In place of a lawn, there is a forest of low-maintenance shrubbery between him and the road; it had been a big selling point. The aroma of sun-warmed cypress and juniper fills his nose immediately as he steps out of the car. There are more evergreens out back, tall and twiggy, and the cozy two-bedroom craftsman almost disappears amongst them. The only thing standing out is the white trim and the faded green of the front door.
Stands there, frozen in place, for an interminable measure of moments, trying to commit every detail to memory without actually remembering it.
Oh, so they
“Yes. Cas. Absolutely. I just —” Dean fights down another wave of shivering. “I —”
Charlie tuts and gives him a skeptical hum. “Not bad. Here.” She steps closer and flips up the back of his tunic.
Once he’s safely behind the curtain with the hot, massaging spray pounding on his shoulders, Dean finally lets himself unclench the outer layer of his iron-hard control.
“Huh.” Donna sounds stumped. “Did you guys call Cas?”
They try to tell him it’s not his fault, but they wouldn’t be saying that if they didn’t think it too.
The man—the phoenix—snarls at Dean. He’s youngish, with a square jaw and dark hair, eyes flashing ice blue in the gloom. Are they glowing? Yep, definitely glowing. “Hunter,” he growls.
Everything he’d worked for since he was fifteen, broken. Every expectation his parents had laid on his shoulders, shattered. And for what? He has a crazy urge to run back to Zachariah’s office and apologize, take it back, say he’ll do anything—
“Oh — Oh
Good morning
Dean flashes a grin at him. “Good. Now, c’mon — If you play nice, I’ll let you have your dessert.”
In the name of the fragile peace between them, Dean even puts on something other than Led Zeppelin.
Why the fuck didn’t he get his lube back?
Hey, just got the map for Rainbow Revels. You see what I see?
“Yeah.”
That does it. “Okay, first of all”—Dean holds up one finger in Sam’s face—“it’s not a skirt, it’s a kilt, and you damn well know that. Second”—two fingers in Sam’s face—“catboy does not mean what you think it means, and I dare you to Google it. Third”—Sam’s smirk has evolved into an open-mouthed guffaw, but Dean keeps going—“I never actually said a single word about being interested in this guy, so would you both just lay off?”
“Besides, if either of us were more likely to be vegan, I think it would be you.”
The jangling of the wind chimes is usually a bright, welcoming sound, but today it hits his nerves wrong. Claire’s face shifts from a smile to confusion when she sees Castiel’s expression—probably a stormcloud, even under the ridiculous paint. Castiel hustles into the shop, Dean’s warmth at his back like a human shield between Castiel and the unwelcome visitor.
He doesn’t.
“What do you want?” Cas growls.
I thought we agreed no more emoticons? You know how quickly things get out of hand. ;-)
And yet, as he follows Dean into the long bathhouse room lined with shower stalls, his guilty eye wanders from Dean’s pertly rounded posterior up to his broad shoulders, the shifting muscles under his clinging T-shirt. The skin at the back of his neck looks delectable, sweat-sheened and flushed, and Castiel wets his suddenly dry lips. Longing surges through him, faster than a sneaker wave, pulling him down, down, down into the undertow.
“Why’d you really come over here last night?” Dean’s voice is small, soft, like he thinks if he says it gently enough the words won’t actually fall on Cas’s ears.
Cas doesn’t say anything, but he takes a shuffling step closer with a loud scritch of gravel under his shoes. The wind kicks up a little, ruffling at them, carrying with it the subtle resin of pine, fallen wood, and ice on granite. Dean breathes in deep, letting his eyes fall closed, and when Cas wraps his arms gently around Dean’s shoulders from behind, Dean clasps his forearms in his hand under his chin, wrapping Cas around him like a warm cloak.
The bed he’d shared with Cas last night.
Dean picks his way back to where Cas is standing, trying to calm his nerves. Why is he nervous? There’s nothing to be nervous about. Is there? Shit, maybe there is.
Dean’s thoughts turn quickly back to his clandestine internet searching. In lieu of finding anything useful already written, Dean picks the most helpful-looking forum and tries not to feel ridiculous as he types out a new post.
“Yeah, but I just—”
Dean’s eyes fall closed and his cheeks turn so pink, they glow. “Sort of. He used to use that trick on girls all the time. So, I, uh. Yeah, tried it on some guys, if I knew they were, y’know.”
Dean swallows on a dry throat. Maybe this was a bad idea.
So does not having your skin on mine.
“Would you call me crazy if I said I liked the company?” Don’t blush, don’t blush, don’t blush.
“I don’t care,” Cas growls, and sets about making Dean scream.
They watch Hadron the Collider finish his patter and collect cash from the gaggle of elated teenagers, then pull more Evil Sporks out of the folds of his cloak and onto the barrel serving as his table. The silence itches under Dean’s chain mail.
Sam sighs a heavy, bitchy sigh and sinks down in the seat. One foot tucks up next to the side mirror, the way he did when he was all bones and teenage ennui. Dean lets it slide. What’s one more set of footprints on his car? He’s gonna detail her interior when they get back, anyway. It’ll be good to have something to occupy his brain and his hands while he avoids Cas, like he knows he will.
Dean’s voice chokes. He lets Cas take the next verse, focusing on the chords and trying to keep his watering eyes under control. One drop falls on his own hand, and Cas’s voice falters, just barely.
“You are going to have a normal weekend if it kills you, Mr. Smith. Even if I have to tie you to a dining room chair to keep you from going anywhere near your fancy suits.”
“Listen, Cas, I’m not gonna hold your hand through this.” But the intensity in Cas’s face has drooped back into lost and forlorn, edging into wide-eyed panic, and Dean is weak. “If you have any trouble or questions, or—I dunno, just call me or something.”
It doesn’t.
Dean laughs, a little more humor in it this time, and arches his shoulders under Cas’s hand, popping his spine. “What about you?” he asks.
Cas looks at Dean for a long moment, then drops his body sideways to fall heavily into his shoulder. Dean opens his arms to him, leaning back against the futon with Cas against his chest, nose in his overgrown tangle of hair. “Thank you,” Cas murmurs.
“The hell are these?” he asks as he hoists a basket of fuzzy, dark-green lumps.
“Woah, hey,” Dean stands immediately and pulls the door open all the way; Cas catches the box before it falls.
"Oh, great, yeah." He sounds distracted. Cas hopes he's not intruding, but he really needs to look at TimTam. "I'll buzz you in."
Cas closes his eyes and tries to catch his breath while Dean strokes him and moves the knot toy gently in slow circles. He leaks another small mess of come.
“Veterinary school, but—”
How, indeed? “I pulled your soul out of hell, Dean. I put your body back together out of ash and bone. There’s very little about you that would surprise me.” Castiel doesn’t consciously think about it often, but he’s never forgotten. It echoes in his mind like a song half-remembered. It’s written indelibly on whatever he has that counts for a soul, this intimate knowledge of Dean.
Dean stares into the middle distance for a long moment, then rubs at his face again. “Can I tell you another time?”
Cas cocks his head up at Dean's shadow.
Dean wants to challenge that, but this time he does the smart thing and swallows his words.
Dean’s heart is back to thumping; he can feel it vibrating through his whole body. “Um. I think I could clear my calendar.” That’s a lie. He has no calendar and nothing on it to clear.
“Yeah, it looks like you’ve got a rune branded on your neck,” Sam snarks back.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean says, and Cas feels himself being pushed up and back just long enough for Dean to wriggle out of his shirt. Jeans follow soon after, and then it’s just hot, bare skin and the sweetness of their scents together. Cas’s toes curl at Dean’s cocky grin; Cas’s thorough exploration of his body makes Dean’s eyes cross. Cas completely forgets to be self-conscious and Dean shushes him about the neighbors.
Being alpha would have been correct. That’s what Castiel has heard all his life since he failed to present. His advancing puberty had been marked by worried glances, concerned whispers. Hell, even being omega would have been acceptable, even if it hadn’t been his parents’ ideal, but being beta? He still hears his father’s voice:
Donna laughs, a twinkle in her eye. “Nah, silly, we do cats ‘round these parts.”
“You sure Cas is the one being weird?”
Dean snorts, reluctant to take his hand off Cas's arm, only partially out of fear for his balance. “You too,” he says. “Um. Nice, uh. Nice costume.”
Dean takes a second to collect himself—and his spatula—before answering. “Didn’t realize you were awake,” he says. “I was gonna bring you breakfast.”
Cas lifts an eyebrow at him, which does funny things to Dean’s britches. Damn these tights. “Do we need to have the gender expectations conversation now? Besides, men wore corsets, too.”
The brothers get down to business, discussing their plan of attack in curt, efficient tones and the kind of verbal shorthand that comes from long association. It’s fairly opaque to Castiel, and more than a bit odd to hear them discussing his belongings with such dispassionate professionalism. But, he supposes, that’s why he hired them.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice breaks through his spiral. “Got real quiet there, buddy.”
“Have as many as you like,” Cas says.
“So what?”
I can't say how grateful I am to everyone who has been reading so far. This is the first time I've posted a fic as I write it like this, and you've all made it a wonderful experience.
“Cas.” Dean pulls his hands up to the safety of his shoulders. "I just—I don't wanna go into this with you thinking you're just a, a stand-in for Aaron or anything, kay?"
“Sorry.”
And wow, Dean suddenly needs to hear that growl again in a very different context.
Castiel is worryingly silent for a moment, then with a guilty expression, “Does coffee count?”
His name is Dean Winchester, and he drives a 1967 Chevy Impala. He’s an adjunct professor of physics at the local university, lives in the city, and he’s allergic to shellfish. When Castiel tells him the dress code is formal, he asks if that means a tux, or if “this suit will do,” and sends a picture of himself in a dark blue suit jacket with stylish lapels. His hair is a little less perfectly combed than in the picture he’d sent before, and Castiel would have to lie about how long he stares at the photo.
Dean’s chin pulls back in surprise. Mating bites that break the skin are rare enough these days, but they are nigh unheard of on an alpha. “You know it doesn’t actually make a difference, right? As for whether or not we’re — you know. Mates?”
He’ll just have to muscle through and trust his blockers. Maybe it won’t be so bad. He’s on suppressants. This isn’t supposed to happen at all.
“Just go with it,” Dean says with a smirk and a wink before flicking his tongue and lips over the head of Cas’s cock.
Before Dean can do something stupid like kiss his stupid monster face, the drumming of Sam’s footsteps has him breaking back, sliding out from under Cas.
“Dean?”
“Zachariah?”
“We’ll talk later,” Cas heads him off.
Dean puts shushing finger to his lips. TimTam just mrowls again, which… yeah, Dean doesn’t know what he was expecting. For the cat to understand a shush?
“Slow going, but we're making progress.”
Dean has to laugh. “Uh. Pretty thoroughly fucked,” he says. “In a good way, though. That, um. That was good.”
” Dean gasps, clutching at Cas’s hips with tight fingertips. “I thought you were gonna—”
“Starving.”
“This doesn’t mean you get to skip out on a honeymoon, you know,” he grumbles anyway.
Cas groans against his shoulder. “Give me a few minutes.”
Dean must be a bad influence on him because, when the silence gets to be unbearable, Castiel claps his hands down on his knees and starts to stand, saying, “Well, this has been an excellent chat, I’ll just get back to—”
He remembers warm, sunlit days in their backyard, daydreaming of what they’d do when they grew up. He remembers the way her hair flew around her face, and how she’d cringe later as they brushed it, painstakingly. He remembers her dreams, modest, but as certain as mountains, unlike his own lofty aspirations that changed with the weather. (Why bother setting reasonable goals when the idea of living to attain them at all seems so unrealistic?)
Somehow, Castiel doesn’t even care.
He stops for air the next time he’s in the house, slumping on the window seat and letting his limbs melt like gelatin. He’s tired. He’s
Cas’s glare is withering, thorns around a tender vine. “I am not homeless. I said I have my van. And I don’t need your judgement.”
Dean nods, but his brain is stuck on the mention of the erstwhile shop owner. Against his better judgement, he opens his mouth to ask, “Where is Cas these days, anyway? I haven’t seen him in a while.”
And now he’s gone and let the demons out of Pandora’s box.
Dean has been toying with the idea of making chili, so they bicker about the problem of beans. “If there are no beans, how can you even call it chili?”
“D’you —” he keeps his eyes firmly on his closet door and has to swallow, hard. “Do you want me to walk you back to your dorm?”
“I just hope I didn’t miss my chance,” Dean says.
Every time he closes his eyes, he sees Cas’s face. Sees the tears in those enormous blue eyes, hears the impossible words falling from his lips.
. The mark on his shoulder, his neck, the name on his wrist, it feels like they all light up along with his gaze. There’s a thread that reaches from his heart to Cas’s, he’s felt it since he saw him turn to ash that day on the barge. Now that thread draws tight, a sweet pull of satisfaction that has nothing to do with where he’s being fucked or his cock against Cas’s body and everything to do with the thrum of their heartbeats.
“Omega school,” Cas says. “Where they secretly teach all omegas to be simultaneously virgins and whores.”
“What? No. Come on.”
“Has a lot of protein in it.”
He checks the rearview again. Still there.
Dean laughs it off, or tries to, getting Cas’s shoulder ready for him again. “You’re supposed to be relaxing,” he says. “I got this.”
Dean makes his escape before his nose erupts, but it’s a close call.
It’s leftover pizza and Star Trek for dinner, but once they’ve eaten, Cas catches Dean eyeing his guitar. At the end of the episode, Cas flicks off the TV; Dean grins and scoops up his neglected instrument.
“Hey.”
“It’s my house.”
He knows.
He ends up climbing into Cas’s lap, legs around his middle with his ass in the bowl of Cas’s crossed legs. This sits Dean’s weight right down on Cas’s mostly hard dick, and Cas bites his lip, breathing hard. Dean grins and settles in with a lot more wiggling than necessary.
Castiel takes Dean’s hand in his and lets himself be led out onto the dance floor.
“Don’t say a word,” Castiel says, pulling his satchel from under his desk and stuffing it with papers. “Do you have the Anderson budget?” Perhaps he should feel bad for being so short, but it has been a long week, and Gabriel has burned through most of what remained of his fuse.
“There’s not enough for us both,” Dean says. Words are still hard to get out sometimes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean huffs and lets his pelt fall back against his nape. “Yeah, I’ll just do that.”
“I told you I’ve never spent my rut with anyone. That’s — that hasn’t been a matter of circumstance.”
Cas is going to knot him. This is
Cas breaks the kiss. “Get out of here,” he growls, pulling Balthazar’s fist from his shirt and pushing him away harder than he intended.
Dean cranes over the counter to confirm what he’s pointing at. “Oh,” he says with a laugh. “Yeah, Sam put that up weeks ago. In case you haven’t noticed, you’ve stolen most of my employees. Unless they actively have a needle in their hands, they’re at your place.”
Jody leans her elbows on the counter and levels a Look at Dean. The Mom Look, they call it when she can’t hear. “That last one took a lot out of you.”
He holds his breath. He hears Donna’s small gasp.
Even though he’s wrong about Kashmir.
Dean’s elbows give a little shake, his palms sweaty in the grass. “I guess,” he says, and swallows.
Dean munches on a cracker and lets himself look all up and down Cas’s body again. “Something like that.”
Dean’s seen the show, and it’s good, and he even kind of agrees with her that two of the leads would look real hot in the sack together. And he’s certainly not one to judge on the fandom tattoo front. But the kind of artistry involved in stitching together established symbols hasn’t exactly been scratching his creative itch this week.
“Hey, I can’t be doing all the work here. You gotta meet me halfway.”
“We’re not gonna die, Cas. Neither of us.”
It’s dark in here, and it doesn’t seem worth the effort to turn on a light. Dean feels dizzy, and it occurs to him that all he’s eaten today is a mini quiche from the little cafe attached to his office building.
Sure. Do what you gotta do.
But Cas refuses to move. He’s little better than deadweight on Dean’s pelvis — at least until he reaches back behind himself, angling up to the tip of Dean’s cock, and —
The morning dawns gray and dismal with the threat of rain. Dean rises early and gets their shit together while Cas is still passed out, grabs coffee from the diner and leaves a cup on the table for him, then loiters around by the Impala. He's itching to get gone. The case is done; it's time to burn rubber.
“Suit yourself,” Cas says, shrugging one bare shoulder and going in for another wing.
People sometimes get the wrong impression when he tells them he’s a tattoo artist. They focus on the tattoo part and skip over the artist part. Dean started out in graphic design thinking he’d get into advertising or something else lucrative and soul-sucking. But then he’d got his first tattoo at the age of twenty, and it was all downhill from there. Taking the plunge and going whole-hog into the industry had been a huge leap of faith, but he’d never looked back.
Slowly, as if unwilling to be proven wrong, Castiel raises his other hand, drifting his knuckles in a dotted line up Dean’s bare chest, over the handprint of flaking paint on his sternum, trailing little fluttery shivers up and over Dean’s collarbone and around to the back of his neck. When his fingertips touch the edge of Dean’s soulbrand, a frisson of heat washes over Dean’s body from his ears to his toes. His eyes fall shut, but even through his lids he can see the edge of a soft, golden glow. He reaches his own hand up to match, more certain, more hurry, and there — right at the knob atop Castiel’s spine, his fingers find raised skin, a familiar shape to his touch, if not to his eyes. Heat melts down his fingers like honey from a sun-warmed comb, and he opens his eyes in time to see Cas haloed in gold, looking at him with hallowed disbelief. Dean can’t help a breathless laugh.
There. That fixes it. Now he can eat his soup in peace.
By the time he spies a glint of sunlight on water through the trees, his pack seems to have doubled in weight, sweat is sticking his shirt to his back, and there’s a blister on his left heel. When he reaches the campsite—such as it is—it’s a goddamn relief. He plonks his backpack down next to the ring of rocks and digs out a bottle of water for his pounding head. He drains it, then goes for the jerky.
Dean’s practically glowing. Cas tries not to notice how his T-shirt is tight across his chest or how the light through the window catches in his eyes, but it’s a hopeless venture. “Well, look what the cat dragged in,” he says, his smile small in stature, but it suffuses his face and voice. “Welcome to Winchester, Ink.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve been there. It’s overrated. The Café Brulot is very impressive, though.”
“Yes. Please.”
Dean averts his eyes, cheeks pinking in ways that Castiel doesn’t want to think about too hard. “Nothin’,” he says. Castiel returns to his work, careful to avoid any further eye contact.
). He has no idea if it will be effective, and the uncertainty itches under his skin, distinct from the thrum of arousal that surrounds this entire endeavor.
Cas’s eyes fall shut and his lips open.
“Hey—nah. It’s fine. Take a load off. Or, I mean.” Dean gestures at the books. “Put one on, I guess, but—you know what I mean. You don’t gotta make me coffee.”
Cas just snores, soft and huffy.
“It hurts, Dean.” Cas sounds flat-out miserable, and all at once Dean feels like an asshole. He almost drops his face into his hand, then remembers that there’s precome all over his fingers, and he stops himself.
Guilt surges up hot from Dean’s gut, like a four-alarm chili burger coming back to haunt him. He smudges a fingertip through the grime on the Impala’s roof. Needs to wash her properly.
Before he can do more than swallow hard against his instinctive response, Castiel is saying, “I—just meant. Um.”
They spend two of Aaron’s heats together. Dean is terribly nervous the first time but tries not to show it. It’s better the second, or at least he thinks it is. But things change after that. Dean tries to ignore it, tries not to pay attention to the constant feeling that the other shoe is about to drop.
“What, you didn’t figure that out, like, right away?” And if his heart wasn’t already hammering a hole in his ribs, it would be now. This is the first time either of them have veered anywhere near a mention of their rooftop tryst, and it’s been long enough that it feels like some forbidden secret between them. Like Dean’s breaking some kind of contract by bringing it up, even obliquely.
“This is Lilith we’re talking about,” Meg says. “She’s got this fairy tale country club wedding all fixed in her mind’s eye, and if I don’t look the part she’s likely to push me in the boating lake. There’s duck shit in that lake, Clarence. Duck shit.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel jumps a mile out of his skin and nearly knocks one of the cat dishes off the counter. Thomas startles and goes streaking off for parts unknown; Ellie just closes her eyes in disdain. “Dean!” Cas squawks. “What are you doing here?”
“Thank you,” Cas says. “I’m sorry I pushed.”
Cas looks grumpy. Which has become the norm, but still. Dean musters a grin as he sets Cas’s beer down in front of him on the waist-high table. “Just hanging out,” he says. “Thought it’d be good to get out of the bunker for a bit.”
“You’re the one who told me how difficult it is to remember what happens in those movies. Too much visual information,” Cas says. “Dean, this is Claire. Claire, do you mind if Dean joins us this evening?” It sounds weirdly formal coming from him; Dean waves at Claire in the rearview mirror.
As subtle as he can be, Dean glances at the clock. It’s quarter ‘til five. Cas is definitely there by now. He heaves his most weary, put-upon sigh and holds up one hand in a fist above the other palm.
He does look.
“I gave it to somebody.”
Dean’s brain tries to skirt away from the thought, but it keeps getting drawn right back in.
“I’ve made a huge mistake,” he says, dropping his sketchbook and laptop on the closest table. Charlie regards him with a look somewhere between analysis and worry, then grabs his chin to look at his face more closely. Dean closes his eyes, but lets her.
he thinks, wildly, inanely. “How was the party?”
Dean doesn’t try to hide his blushing grin this time. “You big softie,” he says, hauling her into a sideways half-hug, half-headlock.
“Oh. Yeah, sure, I guess.”
He takes a deliberate step closer, leaving a space between them that feels like no space at all. Close enough that he can hear when Castiel sucks in a gasp. Dean slides his eyes down off to the side, not really focusing, but somewhere in the direction of the fire. And he tilts his head as far to the right as he can, baring the skin of his neck, shrugging his left shoulder out of his jacket. That’s as bare as he can get it for now.
“Yes, I do,” he murmurs, and it’s soft, like he can’t bother to force air out of his lungs.
“I’m sorry about this,” Cas murmurs with soft, warm lips against the bite at the bend of Dean’s shoulder.
Dean stares back, hard, merciless, even when his eyes start to water. The words get stuck in the bear trap of his throat.
“I—I guess I didn’t think.”
But then there’s a firm hand on his shoulder, stopping him, turning him back. “Would you let me finish a sentence before you run off, please?”
“Who’s asking?”
Another stretch of silence, and then Cas says, “I can’t just be your experiment.”
Dean lets out a high-pitched whine and knuckles his fists against his forehead when Cas’s fingers find his prostate and rub in tight circles. He’s already seeing stars and Cas isn’t even in him yet. “Ah, fuck — please —”
Dean looks down at his hands, which are still shaking with leftover adrenaline. “Yeah. I don’t know, maybe I shouldn’t have canned him just ‘cos he pissed me off. Good bosses don’t do that, right?”
He’s… not going to overthink that.
“Next time,” he says. “Next time I want to lay you out and take care of you properly.”
Or having you anywhere near me, for that matter.
Castiel rolls his eyes, even as he pushes into Dean's teasing grip. “You're such an asshole,” he says.
“Naked,” he pants. “Now.”
Dean shrugs again. “Yeah. Maybe once you’re not so busy, we could, uh. Do it more?”
“Ha ha, that’s rich. Never heard that one before,” Dean says, completely failing not to laugh along with him. “Go feed your damn cats.”
Dean nods, frantic, his elbows skittering in the leaf litter trying to brace himself for what’s coming. “Don’t worry — just get in me.”
Cas purrs. It’s the only word for that sound, that rumble. It’s addictive.
“Missed you,” Dean murmurs against Cas’s own neck. His breath and lips find a tender spot under his ear.
“It is morning.”
Cas doesn’t answer until Dean removes his hand from his face and looks back at him. “Pardon?”
Cas grins. “Oh?”
“Jesus—You gotta stop doing that, man, I already got two busted hips.”
Please pretend I didn't say anything, everything is fine. Or going to be fine. I promise.
Trying not to feel like an intruder, Castiel takes a few cautious steps into the room, shifting his shopping bag again. Blessedly, he hears Dean’s voice down a short side hall, through a door, so he follows it into what is probably a bedroom.
“Well—no, but—”
He licks his own lips.
Dean bites down on his frustration and forces a smile. “It’s okay. I’ve got an idea.” He reaches for a spray bottle labeled Dr. Numb. “This is a lidocaine spray. Just a mild topical analgesic. Might help.”
Research. Uh-huh.
Can’t go reading too much into things like that. Dean knows for a fact that Cas is keyed up right now, on a hair trigger. It’s gotta be like going through second puberty, right? Anyway, it's nothing personal. No reason to get excited.
“Do what?”
“Uh. Gesundheit?”
“Oh, fuck you,” Dean groans.
And oh, yeah, he’s thinkin’ about it.
I attached a pic of my face in case that matters. You don't have to send one back, but you can.
“Dude, no, you’re dead on your feet.”
Hi. I’m Dean. 31/mb, also KCK.
You really think we’ll need all this??
Slowly, they disengage, clean up as best they can. They bow to the realities of the cold hard ground and put on some pants, Dean digging out some extra jeans for Cas and praying that they fit (they do, unfairly well). Then situate themselves chest-to-back against the log, facing the little campfire with Cas’s wings back around him.
Dean’s grin is vibrant, all shit-eating and cat at the cream. “Niche-interest, you say? And what niche is that, exactly?”
doing it for him?
“Five, but it was all Benadryl-induced.”
“Good to meet you, Claire,” Dean calls over his shoulder.
“Fuck,” Dean exhales, bending over at the waist. “Oh, fuck—”
He takes it, palm to palm, letting Cas haul him to his feet.
Keeping as far as he can from where Sam and Dean are securing the ramp, he makes his way to his car in quick, shuffling steps. Laser-focus, that’s all he can do. Just focus on what’s in his hands right now and right in front of him.
Well, maybe it’s a little about his cock.
Cas stands up straight and leans against the end of the mattress, flopping lazily against the wall. “I have no idea,” he says, wiping some sweat out of his eye. “I had a friend who was supposed to lend a hand, but she cancelled this morning.”
“But it’s Saturday.”
Cas's eyes fly open. “Yes. Please.”
“He’s meeting Eileen to provide backup,” Cas reports. “He might be gone as long as a week. He’ll check in.”
Closing his book on his finger, Cas says, “Nietzsche. He was making a point.”
“I’m taking you home.”
Dean’s body feels heavy after being buoyant for so long, but his heart hasn’t felt so light in… years, probably. He flops down on his pink-flowered towel and doesn’t even try to wipe the grin off his face.
“I refuse to feel guilty about this,” Dean says, shoving his hands in his pockets and willing it to be true. “Besides, you hauled Claire outta there all on your own; that wasn’t my fault.”
“Dean,” Cas groans over him. “Dean—oh—” His thrusts get impossibly harder, tighter, deeper, hips slapping into Dean’s asscheeks, and then he’s coming as deep as he can fucking get in Dean’s ass, a hand on Dean’s shoulder and a hand on his hip and his breath panting hot on the back of Dean’s neck.
“Yeah, but you don’t have to. Come on—” Dean grabs for Cas’s hand, but he pulls it out of reach.
Cas pulls back just far enough that Dean can see his eyes, like little moons in the half-light. Cas draws his fingertips over Dean’s lips, his neck, sliding the fabric of his shirt around over his skin as his hand moves down, down. “What do you want tonight?” The suggestion is clear in his breathy voice and wandering-low fingers.
Unfortunately, apparently, he’s missed the mark on both ends.
Dean feels his brows do a skeptical dance on his forehead. “Uh-huh.”
As Dean takes the steps upstairs two at a time, the silence of the basement descends. Cas rolls the cueball under his hand, listening to his ears buzzing and letting himself wonder what he’s actually doing here. Why Dean invited him over in the first place. Standing in this classy basement full of unrealized dreams, decked out in his linen and patchouli, he feels suddenly ridiculous.
Much to Dean’s uncomfortable relief, Sam is interrupted by a low horn blast signaling the arrival of the Novak pack. “Finally,” Dean grouses. “At least they got here before sundown. You think they wanted to make an entrance?”
Dean blinks down at their hands. Then laughs. “We’re idiots, aren’t we?”
“Exactly. Ex-
“Hey, wait,” Dean says as they start toward the club. “C’mere.”
Rolling over in his sheets, he punches his pillow under his restless head. Dangerous to think like that. This is just a stupid infatuation. Dean is his yoga teacher. And soon to be his masseur. That’s all.
“Jesus,” Dean sighs a few moments later, breathing still labored. “That was intense.”
To save time, Castiel simply emails back his own number.
“You comin over?” Dean asks, like he does almost every day. “Sammy’s got nerd club, so he won’t even be whining for his turn to get beat at Soul Calibur.”
Dean clicks the phone off and swallows hard. Tries to control his breathing, his heart beating hard and fast under his sternum. Swallows again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I said nothing,” Cas replies. Fucker’s grinning, Dean can tell.
“You know if you pick me or Cas, people are going to cry favoritism.”
Castiel freezes. “Sorry?”
“I don’t know what to do with myself.”
He also feels like he’s been standing in the sun on his walkway for far too long. He shifts his briefcase in his sweaty fingers and, already reaching to loosen his tie, Dean escapes into the cool of his house.
And coffee.
It’s risky. It’s foolish. It has all the markers of a broken heart waiting to happen, but Castiel is weak, and Dean is beautiful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think you’ll like this,” Cas says as he points the tip of his cock toward Dean’s hole.
“I told you!” Balthazar crows. Clearly, he was waiting for Castiel to find the picture.
Luckily, he’s saved from having to come up with an appropriate answer by a man in bright livery stepping up onto an overturned wooden crate. “Hear ye, hear ye!” he cries, and heads turn in his direction from all around the circular square. “Uh, yeah—um.” He clears his throat and unrolls a tattered-edged fabric scroll, which, Dean can see, has a plain piece of paper taped to it. “All ye gentle knights—of all genders—um—Let It Be Known that the Festival Games shall commence upon the Battle Field at two of the clock!” He shifts his feet on the crate and glances around at the loose assemblage. “Games shall be played in pairs and the final winner decided by Boffer Battle. The reward shall be Riches Beyond Measure!”
Slowly, seeking just the right spot, Cas nuzzles against the tender skin of Dean’s shoulder. When he finds it, he opens his mouth and sets the edge of his teeth against Dean’s skin. At the same time, his right hand slides across Dean’s chest to his opposite shoulder, holding him tight, fitting around his muscle like it was tailor-made.
Finally, Dean sucks in air, sitting up straighter. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to get all maudlin on you.”
Cas inhales deeply, then sighs against Dean’s collarbone. “Lavender. But not soapy lavender. Like a whole field of lavender bushes with the sun shining on them.” He breathes in again. “Amaranth. Wheat chaff. And —” Cas takes a few short sniffs that tickle at Dean’s pulse point. “Something else. Here, let me —” He pulls back and turns Dean so that he can lay against him fully, chest to chest, settling himself between Dean’s legs. Dean lets himself fall open to Cas’s embrace, and Cas rubs his body up and down Dean’s in a sweet slide of clothed friction. The heat of it prickles over Dean’s skin. “Beeswax,” Cas gasps. “You smell like beeswax.”
In their wake, the cat grooms her paw and rubs it over one ear, sending a wink to their backs.
“You’re growling again,” Dean reminds him with a smile in his voice and gentle fingers everywhere he can reach. “S’okay, Cas. We’re married, and that ain’t gonna change.”
With a grin, Cas turns and flops dramatically onto a big squashy gray sofa that is usually covered end to end in Anna’s paperwork, but today is blissfully empty. “You’re looking at it.”
“You weren’t. I’m glad you got to meet her. She’s rough around the edges, but she has a good soul.”
Dean doesn’t even blink. “Priorities, man. So, what, you didn’t have time to shop for a couch while you were building a business and going to college. Who cares?”
“Okay, now you’re scaring me,” Dean says, but Cas just cups the back of his neck and pulls him in for a quick kiss. It’s still new enough that Dean’s heart flutters and he chases after for a moment when Cas pulls away, still not really believing that he’s allowed.
Dean scoffs. “‘No, it was just risky as hell.”
“It’s happening,” he blurts. He has his phone in his hand.
“Supremely homosexual?”
“How d’you figure?”
“Oh, boo hoo, my heart, it breaks.” Sarcasm drips from every smarmy syllable, and Dean feels a punch coiling in his shoulder and fist. “Now, if you’ll excuse me—”
When Gabriel rolls his eyes, his whole body rolls with them. “Whatever. Don’t say I never include you in anything.” And then he dances out of the room, warbling an off-key rendition of
A muffled groan startles Cas out of his daydream, and he realizes he’s been “washing” between his legs for far too long. His cock is plump and eager in his hand, but that moan did not come from him.
Sam’s bitchface morphs into a confused wrinkle. “If that had been me, you’d have thrown a shoe at my head,” he says, then starts toward the door.
He hears a car door opening. A set of keys clang on the pavement, a low mutter of “God fucking dammit—” from the driveway across the lawn, and—
Dean takes a moment just to breathe,
What he does instead is lay perfectly still, barely even breathing until he has to, hungry for every gasp and groan and murmured word. The fingers of one hand hover near the drawstring of his pajama bottoms, his heart hammering faster than it ever does on the treadmill.
“Fuck,” Dean laughs. “Shouldn’t I be thanking you?”
“What's that supposed to mean?” Castiel spits like acid.
Dean’s stomach flutters.
Cas has dissolved into laughter before Dean realizes he’s made a joke.
Okay, he is that pretty.
He doesn’t make it more than a dozen steps before he realizes how futile it is to try to flee. There are fireflies in all directions and no way to tell a will-o’-the-wisp from a hellhound’s eye. Only one option, then. He draws his blade and waits for their breath to graze his skin again.
“It’s just… not what I expected.”
Okay so here’s where my thought process gets weird. You know how female hyenas have pseudopenis? If you don’t… and you’re feeling brave… google it. That shit’s weird and kind of awesome.
“Did I get any on you?” Castiel asks when Dean returns, drying his hands on his kilt.
“Dean?” Cas murmurs into the gathering quiet.
For a long moment, Cas rubs his back and doesn’t say anything. “That’s fucked up.”
Dean keeps his attention on the digging for a moment, deliberately and steadfastly ignoring his companion. This box is mostly papers, ledgers, and completely uninteresting. Just like the last eight hundred boxes. Clearly, he’s in the wrong cellar.
Dean whines high past his teeth and nods. “Yeah — dammit, Cas —”
Dean’s stomach drops a little. “But?”
Dean relaxes back into the couch, shaking his head, closing his eyes. “What’s a man-cave if you can’t smoke weed in it, anyway?”
!” It's Hael. Outside the window but very close, chattering and giggling with two of the other bridesmaids, high-pitched in their intoxication.
Uh, yeah? Duh? Wait did you not??
“What makes you say that?”
“I’ve talked with Bobby; he supports my decisions.”
“Have you ever penetrated yourself?” Cas asks as he grazes his mouth around Dean’s nipple.
Ha. Serves him right.
May as well have some fun while you carry this torch
So much for his good mood.
“Attracted to both. Alpha and omega and everything in between. So I guess I should say I’m pan secondary, since I would hardly exclude betas.”
“I mean it,” Cas insists. “You’ve come so far in so short a time. Inertia is a powerful force. It’s kept you in one place for a very long time, but now that you’re moving, it will be much easier to keep moving.”
Panic ebbs to make way for a flood of embarrassment. “I’m so sorry,” he says. He still can’t quite be bothered to move.
In his sweet sixteen heart, Dean was certain that they would be together forever. She would be his beautiful omega, and he her strong alpha, and they would have a fairytale wedding and a beautiful family and live happily ever after. Not that he ever told anybody any of this. Sam knew, but Sam knew everything. To his friends, he just wanted to get laid. He barely mentioned her to his father. But Dean was smitten with Cassie, and she looked at him like the moon looks at the sun.
“Dean.”
“Dean?”
Please forget I said that.
“Yeah?”
Cas nods.
, sloppy and off-the-mark, but with a groan deep in his chest that Dean can feel rumbling right through him. Dean kisses back, half reflex and half crazy desire, hands clenching on Cas’s leather-clad waist.
“Alright,” Cas says.
“Bet you wish you’d done this with me years ago,” she says, entirely too smug.
Castiel settles into the leather of the chair in Dean’s shining-clean monochrome shop. Charlie’s standing by with her phone on camera mode and a big grin on her face; Sam is trying to pretend he’s not hovering close by to watch. Dean is wearing blue nitrile gloves and an eager smile.
“Nothing,” he manages through the laughter.
Cas checks the apartment number for the fourth time. Yes, he’s at the correct door. He stares at the aging paint job for a moment or two, then knocks again, leaning closer to the door.
Adorably eager, Dean shoves two throw pillows at Cas, and—“What’s this?”
Dean shrugs. Everything he could say is either a lie or hideously self-incriminating.
Dean just shrugs. “Yeah. It’s not done yet. I’m right at that point where I hate everything about it, but it’s coming along, I guess.”
“And what exactly makes you think I care about what’s ‘alpha-like’?” Dean asks, wholly incredulous.
Cas keeps a hand on TimTam until Donna comes back, her expression like someone who just dodged a house fire. “Well, that wasn’t quite ideal, was it?”
A beat, and then: “He owns a cat cafe.”
When Dean joins Castiel in the warm, dimly lit massage room, he’s face-down on the table, a towel covering the curve of his ass and thick thighs. Dean blinks away from the shadows between them—he can see the edge of dark-colored boxer briefs, so at least he’s not tortured by the idea of Cas
“Dean,” Cas groans against his throat, bracing himself on one elbow while the other hand slides up under Dean’s T-shirt.
“They kept in touch when Ruth had to get back to school. The whole rest of the trip, Anna would call Ruth most nights.”
“Ah, sonofa—”
Castiel’s shopping bag holds a new litter tray, a bag of litter, a bag of cat kibble, two catnip mice, a bundle of feathers on a string, a laser pointer, a fluffy bed, a bowl that says ‘good kitty’ on the side, a packet of crunchy treats, a packet of soft treats, and a few tins of wet food. “I wasn’t sure what his favorite flavor was yet, so I just brought a handful,” he says of the tins.
Dean’s cheeks pink. “Do you mind?”
“Fuck yeah,” Dean sighs, hands finding their way up under his suit jacket. He cranes his neck up and Castiel obliges with a deep, dirty kiss while they grind together through their trousers.
For a few long moments, Dean is still rooted to the floor. Cas’s hand is gentle, now, but still curled around Dean’s wrist. Dean doesn’t pull away. He just hangs there in the balance.
Dean considers for a second. Wendigos are tough enough to kill on their own, but today has been so good with Cas, and he doesn’t want anything getting in the way of that. Besides, Cas is tough.
They’re almost home when Dean hears a soft, wet sniff.
“Yeah?” Dean hums back.
Dean’s eyes slip closed, and for a terrible instant, he freezes under Castiel. Cas is about to ask what’s wrong when Dean surges up suddenly, pushing against Castiel’s hold, flipping him so that he’s flat on his back in the nest.
He could continue to do research like this.
Damn. Even through the door, Dean’s smile is contagious. “No. Just another full-grown cat from the shelter.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but Dean almost sees him start to smile, and that just sours him even further.
And if Dean can scent him, then Castiel can definitely scent Dean. Or try to. Old nauseous anxiety swirls in Dean’s gut when he sees Castiel’s nostrils flare, trying to catch a scent that Dean knows he won’t find. Arms crossed and fists clenched, Dean waits.
“This is — backwards,” he gasps, tossing his head back on the pillow.
Dean loves his art. The smell of the ink, experimenting with different styles, the perfectionism required by permanence. He loves the challenge of taking someone’s ideas and spinning them up into something they'll love for the rest of their lives. It takes a little bit of mind reading sometimes, but it's worth it. Usually.
“I haven’t opened it yet,” he says.
“First blood!” calls the ref keeping an eye on them.
“No no,” Dean says, his throat dry. “You’re fine.”
Dean puts in his order and Charlie’s, then contemplates the pastry while the espresso grinds.
There’s a shock of ignition when his cock presses against Dean’s thigh. All at once,  he’s fully awake again—awake enough to notice Dean’s heavy, sharp exhale, the strain of his muscles, and the hard line of his own cock in his boxers, pressed to Castiel’s hip.
“Hmm,” he hums. “You know, I’m not sure he would have, actually.”
Fine. If that’s how he wants it, that’s how it’s gonna be. Dean presses his lips together and starts the engine. It occurs to him belatedly that he was expecting to have a lot longer between his last beer and driving home, but it’s a short, straight drive home and he’s done worse.
“Dean. I did it.” He sounds out of breath.
and he feels Cas’s legs tighten around him, rhythmic pressure of heels into his ass cheeks as Cas drives him deeper. Dean nearly loses balance, shifting his knees to compensate; Cas just sucks in air, then sighs, deep and satisfied, when Dean bottoms out inside him.
“Hey, you know what—” Dean stops mid-threat and grips the steering wheel tighter. He peers into the rearview so intently, the car starts to drift toward the shoulder.
A sudden searing prickle on the back of his neck sends Dean’s free hand flying to slap the sting away with an “Ow!”
Cas nods, contemplative. “By definition, the entire range of human good and evil is within your grasp. I just wonder where it all comes from.”
Cas is cut off by the buzz of the front intercom. They share puzzled frowns, and then Dean gets up, jams the button. “Yeah?”
“Not exactly a party,” Dean scoffs. “Just Star Wars.”
“I don’t have to,” he says.
“Listen,” Dean says, staring hard at the card. “You’re right, we didn’t promise anything, and maybe it was naive of me to count on anything more. But it still, it fucking hurt. And. I still.”
Cas squints down at him. Then shifts his weight so that he’s hovering a little more eye to eye with Dean. And rolls his hips.
“What does she smell like?”
With the new light secured, he starts to slump his way back to the house, but he doesn’t get far before his steps slow and stop. He glances back over his shoulder at the car halfway-covered by the dusty tarp and bites at his lip, considering.
“Dammit.”
, and that’s a far more dangerous game to play.
, right
Cas laps at the hollow at the base of Dean’s throat, his tongue a damp rasp, and Dean shivers all over. “We could. Do you want to?”
They drive in silence for a while, just gray sky and black road and rock music wailing from the speakers. Dean switches from AC/DC to some Bob Dylan because he’s feeling nice.
God, he can’t stop smiling. Even though he was kinda hoping (really hoping) to wake up in Cas’s arms and have a round two, Dean feels positively giddy. Effervescent. Like an over-bubbling bottle of champagne, which, when he thinks about it, is a way-too-appropriate image.
Cas scrubs at his eyes, his scruffy chin, his rat’s-nest hair. “How did you even—” he stops, then rounds on Charlie, who shrugs with a guilty look on her face. “Traitor,” he grumbles.
Dean bites his lip and hangs his head, curling down again and hiding under Castiel’s chin. He sighs, a gust over Castiel’s sweaty chest. “I told you I was a shitty alpha,” he mumbles to Castiel’s collarbone.
“You what?” Dean asks, incredulous.
“Dean,” he starts. “Did you bring a tent?”
Dean groans, then pushes himself off the table and to his feet. The curtains on the windows are open today, letting in the morning sun. Dean hears Cas snicker at his ungainly flop to the floor and gives him his best glare—which, considering that Cas’s grin is contagious, is not much of a glare at all. “You be quiet.”
Who turned up the heat in here, anyway? “I, uh.” Images of Busty Asian Beauties flash through Dean’s mind. He could go for the lewd response he has ready on his lips, but somehow it just doesn’t feel right. Not in front of Cas’s earnest, questioning face. Not when it’s just the two of them. “Honestly? Depends on who’s wearin’ em,” he says.
“I thought they were hose.”
Cas rolls his eyes, and his feet withdraw under the table. Dean misses the contact immediately.
“Dean, I’m serious.”
Dean wants to kiss him.
“Not really,” Dean says, lifting one foot to rest on the coffee table. “I mean, I like old cars, so I guess that’s the connection, but these I got just because I thought they looked cool. I was, like… twenty-two, maybe?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I made breakfast,” Dean says, maybe a little dickishly.
Not letting himself lower his eyes from bright blue, he leans forward and wraps his lips around the spoon and the fruit. This time, without the bitterness of the skin, he can taste the tangy sweetness. It’s still on the sour side, but it’s not bad, and he says so.
Cas doesn’t have a whole lot either, just the smallest size of U-haul van not-quite full of boxes and bags, a couple of small furnishings, and a bed without a frame. The elevator turns out to be too small to manage Cas’s queen box spring and mattress, so those they have to maneuver up the three flights of narrow stairs. “Dude,” Dean pants as he shoves the mattress up onto the last landing. “How did you expect to get all this up the stairs by yourself?”
That deep breath catches in his lungs, but he just shrugs, leveling his voice with care. “He has an interesting outlook on life.”
It’s the knowledge that Cas is there. That Cas is likely intoxicated and grinding on someone else right now. Or maybe they’ve already found some alcove or closet — or rooftop, when Dean really wants to torture himself. Maybe they’re already sharing little nuggets of themselves in the dark. Maybe Cas is having more fun with them than he ever would with Dean.
“Oh thank God,” Cas says in a rush, then makes a bee-line for Dean’s kitchen. Without another word, he’s got a pint glass in hand and is chugging water from the sink.
, I just—” He trails off again and Cas gathers him up in his arms, wrapping him up tight. He’s so tense, it’s like hugging a wooden statue.
at the thing, and now I’m—” he indicates his shoulder, and the tears roll fat down his cheeks. He scrubs at them angrily.
Cas shakes his head. “I don’t want to do that.”
That’s the last rep, and Dean helps him get the bar back on the stand. Cas sits up off the weight bench feeling like his arms are about to float away from his body. “What next?” Cas asks, choosing bravado over whimpering
“When I do, it’s mostly gin and vodka. Calories, you know.”
On the plus side, he knows something, now, Dean thinks as he reaches for tissues for his hand and belly and tries very hard not to listen to the silence in the other room. Whatever his deal is, Cas probably isn’t actually interested in him. No matter what signals Dean might think he’s been picking up on. He never did have the chance to develop any gaydar, anyway, so. Yeah. Figures he’d lust after a straight guy.
Lunch is a strange affair, one where Dean tries to pretend he’s not watching Cas and Cas studies the potholes in the gravel parking lot out the window. Sam carries on half-hearted conversations with both of them as if the other weren’t there, and by the end of lunch, looks ready to kick something or bust a gut laughing; Dean’s not sure which. Then there’s more driving, and they don’t bother to stop for dinner, instead just grabbing some snacks at a Gas ‘n’ Sip. Dean eventually flips the rearview so that he can’t actually see out the back, which helps. Sort of.
Castiel is certain that his heart just burst all over the inside of his chest.
He can’t. Dean won’t let him.
He’s picking at it, beets gone and kale wilting bitterly under the pale dressing, when he hears Cas’s voice on the stoop.
What’s up Deanaroonie??
Dean stares at this text for a long time before sending it, trying to decide if he should add anything. Yeah, I did, but why the hell would he do that? Yeah, I did, but it’s scaring the shit out of me. Yeah, I did, but what the hell am I supposed to do now?
I hope it goes well for you two. Go get ‘em tiger!
Thank you all for your sacrifices. The Moon goddess is pleased.
“Fine. Y'know. Cas is a little weird, but what else is new?”
Dean shakes his head. “Nope.” He looks in Charlie’s direction with a bemused shrug, which she returns, grinning, and keeps bopping along to the best of the disco era.
at him—
And he receives. Cas eventually falls forward on his hands, and it’s all Dean can do to just lie there and let his throat be used, and really, that’s — that’s fantastic. It’s fucking incredible, his alpha’s cock sliding in and out, in and out, spittle leaking at the corners of his lips. He catches air in quick gasps when Cas pulls out, and maybe it’s crazy, but he trusts him. Trusts him to know how deep is
for the beta reading and for listening to my whinging.
And south again, wow, okay. Dean feels dizzy. And he’s increasingly aware that his running shorts do not leave much to the imagination. Thankfully, Cas finally steps back to retrieve his coffee, and Dean manages to take a real breath.
“I bet you say that to all your rigid neophytes.”
“It means—”
Cas’s lips. Cas’s breath on his cheek as it leaves him in a rush. The gentle nudge of Cas’s nose, chilly like he’s been out in the rain.
The bell over the door twinkles brightly, and he’s instantly assaulted by how every inch of this place screams
Dean scoffs. “Shut up,” he says, and Cas giggles behind his hand as Dean moves his guitar back to its stand.
“Can’t tell you that,” Sam says. “But so long as it’s honest, I think you’ll be okay.”
“You don’t have to go,” Cas says, not sounding out of breath in the slightest, even in the middle of what is supposed to be a workout routine. “I'm almost finished. There's beer in the fridge. Make yourself at home.”
Dean joins Cas on the porch but doesn’t head toward his door yet. “Would you say he’s in the Nietzsche niche?”
“Nothin’,” Dean says. “Forget it. Dumb internet thing.” He pours the contents of the shaker into two tall, sharp glasses, and hands one to Castiel. “Cheers,” he says, and the clink of glass rings.
“You’re gonna tell me to get back in my classes, aren’t you?” she asks, kicking Cas’s seat in front of her like a child half her age.
He’s so solid, all football muscles even though he barely makes it to practice, but he almost falls over anyway at Castiel’s pathetic attempt at a shove. His cackling laugh settles into Castiel’s bones, as warm as the sunshine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s grin is all perfect white teeth against the grime on his skin. “That’d be great.”
“It’s… challenging,” Castiel says at last. “Occasionally heartbreaking. Well. Frequently, actually. And most of the time you have no idea if you’re doing the right thing, or making the right calls, or making any kind of difference. And God forbid they thank you for it. But there are a few people making their way through this world right now who would be either imprisoned or dead if I hadn't talked with them, and that’s not just arrogance. So. Whatever that’s worth.”
Cas shifts so that he can stroke Dean’s cheek with two fingertips, following the line of his blush up to his ears. “It’s okay,” he says. “You don’t have to have it all figured out. Not now, not ever.”
“Well, uh. Yeah. I guess we could do that.” There’s optimism in his voice again, and Cas takes the leap.
“There’s no line, Dean. You know what happened.”
“Yeah, so I can’t make fun of your wobbly ass. I get plenty of chance for that on the yoga mat.”
The name rings the faintest of bells, but the memory avoids his recall, and he doesn’t try that hard.
Whatever.
, that’s one big fifty-two pickup of feelings that Dean doesn’t super want to give names to right now. He picks one off the top, pointedly ignores the rest, turns it over and finds it to be
Cas picks up his pipe and takes another hit and blows a fine set of smoke rings, stalling for time. “I have a bachelor’s degree in social work, and I was working on a master’s in counseling,” he says eventually. It’s the shortest version of events. “Plus, I have a few certifications in mediation.”
“Just let me—” he shifts his chair slightly to the side, but no further away from Dean. “Just so that I can see Mango.”
No danger, except to his lonesome, foolish heart.
Cas nods. “Yes, I know. People have been calling me crazy for months. They might have a point.” That cute little downward-glancing, blushing smile does not do anything to abate Dean’s hopeless crush.
Or maybe he’s the one being presumptuous. No funny business, that’s what Dean had said. Maybe they should both just stick to that.
and Dean’s heart stutters to a stop.
“Do you want your lubricant back?”
When the day of the wedding arrives, Castiel is too busy being nervous about his not-date to be nervous about his family, or Inias, or anything else for that matter. (That’s a lie. He’s anxious about all of it, and convinced that inviting Dean was a terrible decision because it’s just one more thing that can go wrong.) He ties and re-ties his tie four or five times, paces around the house picking things up and putting them down again, and triple-checks the address of the wedding venue over and over until he hears heavy footfalls on the steps in advance of the doorbell.
Cas follows, stumbling into Dean's arm and not bothering to stand up straight again. Dean's heart thumps against his ribcage, and he tells himself it's just for Cas's safety when he wraps one arm around him, hand snug on the warm leather of the bodice under his armpit. Cas takes that as an invitation and drapes himself over Dean's shoulders, and Dean tries to pretend his insides aren't doing cartwheels. “Where did you even get this getup?” he asks.
He doesn’t do that, though. He takes what’s meant to be a steadying breath, and isn’t. “Okay. So, after high school, I had two choices: I could either go to college, or I could go into the marines. I already knew I was gay, but under my parents’ roof, there was no way. And I knew that it wasn’t gonna get any better if I went into the military, so, college it was.”
“Yes, but —”
There’s not much more Dean can say.
And they really, really shouldn’t be making eye contact right now. Not if Dean wants to keep his brain from melting right out his ears.
Against his better judgement, Castiel shakes his head.
Castiel loads a bowl in his glass pipe and debates various commentary on the phrase
“Jesus Christ. Yes.”
Dean stops when he gets to the juncture, his door on the left and Cas’s on the right. “Which —”
“Uh. Just little stuff, y’know.” He stops to clear his throat. “I’m not gonna make out with you in front of your parents, I promise.”
“I think I did need that.” This time, Castiel offers his elbow to Dean, and the corner of Dean’s lip ticks up as he takes it. Once again arm-in-arm, they make their way out to the lawn.
“Hey,” he starts. “You, uh.” He licks his lips, and Cas watches, suddenly intense, laughter fading but leaving the glow in his eyes. When Dean manages to shove the words out, they come all at once. “You wanna watch some Salt and Burn?”
WHAT?? Dude!! Where have you been all your life???
As if reading his mind, or maybe just his scent, Dean reaches up to wrap a hand around the back of Cas’s neck. Cas follows his gentle pressure down until their foreheads knock together and he can’t keep both of Dean’s eyes in focus at once.
“Come on, Cas, seriously —” he pants out against the sheets, lifting his head as much as he can to try and catch a glimpse of Cas over his shoulder.
“I ran,” Cas says with no inflection.
Cas reaches down and takes both of Dean’s hands in his, cups them around his knot. “Like this,” he murmurs, squeezing lightly and rhythmically. He presses Dean’s thumbs into the underside where knot meets shaft, and gasps. “I like that,” he says, all breathy, tapping Dean’s thumbs with his fingers. Dean grins and plays for a while, massaging, feeling Cas’s knot fill and firm up under his attention, watching Cas squirm.
“Yup, that’s me,” she says as they all sit back down.
Dean stays right where he is.
, from rushing out of his body. Oh, Jesus.
“Does it matter?” he asks, looking anywhere but at Charlie, wiping at the crumbs and stray garlic paper on his counter. He really should clean better in here.
Endless thanks to
“Senior assistant distribution manager.”
Cas watches him do it.
“Hey!” Dean yells as he grabs for some napkins one hand and Claire's wrist in the other, slapping the napkins down on her cut. “No one made that hopper explode. Shit happens, alright?”
“That’s not what I—” But Castiel has already turned to exit the kitchen, opening the wrapper with a passive-aggressive
It wasn't until Cas had been living with them for maybe a fortnight that Dean realized something wasn't quite clicking. That the nagging pull way down in his gut, the pangs in his chest like someone plucking a guitar string, were directly Cas-related instead of just generic needing to get laid.
With that, Castiel and Dean are sucked into the wedding vortex. He and Dean are made to stand with every possible combination of family members, bride and groom, and the rest of the wedding party in turn. Castiel’s stomach does a cold turn when he catches eyes with Inias, but the photographer puts them through their rigorous paces before there’s time for more than a quick nod of acknowledgement. Dean bears it all with an admirable grin; Castiel is certain he will look constipated in all of these pictures and sends Dean apologetic looks in between.
Cas doesn’t stop. Cas seems to have abandoned all propriety, if he even bothered with it in the first place. A steady series of panting groans echoes off the walls, a long, drawn-out melody over the quick-tempoed
Then Dean—the little tease—he releases Castiel from his cage of limbs to hook his hands under his own knees and pull them up, out, laying himself open in offering.
Dean sucks in a tremulous breath and turns to face Cas. “Um. Whatever. Just no anchovies.”
Castiel pries his eyes open, and Dean’s are close, blurry, beautiful. He smiles. “Hello, Dean.”
The trees close in quickly on all sides, and Dean soon loses his compatriots in the oppressive dark. The bright light of the bonfire cannot penetrate the close, consuming branches, spruce and pine and underbrush. He's barely gone ten paces before it’s pitch black, even when he turns around to look back the way he came. At first, he’s accompanied by the whoops and cries of his fellow omegas, but soon they fall silent, swallowed by the forest. He steels himself and moves further into the night.
“Hiiiii Dean —” Cas’s voice is low and smeary, clearly intoxicated. “I’m — dammit — I’m here to seduce you!”
“I don’t think you really know Castiel,” Oil-beard says.
“Dean — what are you doing?” Cas asks as Dean tugs at the pajamas.
“Fine,” he says, terse and tight to his own ears. “Just don’t damage the bricks.”
“You were probably acclimatized.”
He’s just about to let the cats out of their kennels when the wind chimes ring out over the door.
TimTam has finally had enough of the poking and prodding, apparently, hopping off Cas’s knees and giving a demure shake before wandering off to parts unknown. Cas claps his hands down on his thighs and starts to stand.  “Speaking of which, I should probably get back to—oh.” That’s as far as he gets before his eyes go unfocused, blurry, and he ragdolls back down on the couch.
“What do you write?”
Cas nods.
“You, uh.” He licks his lips. “You wanna go get some? Coffee, I mean.”
“Save it.”
When Castiel does wake up, it’s with a shock of adrenaline. He’s trapped, he’s falling, there’s a sharp thump, a flash of pain. It bears too much resemblance to whatever dream he’d been having, the kind of amorphous, unsettling nightmare where the details evaporate quickly, but leave an uneasy salt on his tongue.
“S’okay,” he tries to shrug it off. “Not the first time.”
Then a funny thing happens where they’re just — just grinning at each other. Or, rather, down at their plates, but Castiel catches little glimpses of Dean's pearly white smile, and he's sure his own is no better-hidden. Somehow, he manages not to care.
“If I can kiss you.”
Star Wars night has nearly outgrown Dean’s apartment. Once the Toe Bean gang had caught on that this was a thing, it was only a matter of time before Dean was shopping around for folding chairs to supplement his couch for seating. Charlie still says she prefers the floor, though, and Krissy and Claire have joined her there, a little trio of snark and wild hair. Kevin and Sam just grab Dean’s two dining room chairs, a pair of satellites that orbit to and from the kitchen, nerding out together in the background. Meanwhile, Jody, Donna, Cas, and Dean claim the sofa, and earn themselves a rightful ribbing all around for their “couples’ privilege.”
No shit! Good for you brother!
Somehow, through a lot of mutual shuffling, they end up on the bed. Dean’s hands wind their way under the trenchcoat into the warmth of Cas’s body; Cas peels off the coat and then the suit jacket under it. “Leave the tie, though,” Dean says, just to watch Cas’s head tilt like that and feel his own heart explode. There’s an awkward moment when Dean realizes he fell asleep with his boots on, and they have to disentangle so that he can untie them and kick them off. Cas’s hands don’t leave him the entire time. In fact, one of them lands on his shoulder, over that ghost of a bloody handprint on his jacket. Something twists in Dean’s heart at the feel of it, and he has to shrug out of his layers so that he can get Cas’s hand on his shoulder properly, where it belongs.
Potential Warning Note: This chapter and the next get into some frank discussion of pornography and objectification of women's bodies. I've tried to toe the sensitivity line while also keeping Dean, particularly, in character. Disclaimer that the opinions expressed by the characters are not necessarily (or at least not always) the opinions of the writer.
is the first thing out of Castiel’s mouth.
He gives himself a bit of a sniff and decides he’d better.
“Humor me.”
Cas’s hand closes over his wrist, hot and broad, and Dean works deeper, twisting and curving to find the right angle. Cas presses on Dean’s hand, pushing him deeper, then gathers up some of the extra oil with his own fingers and joins Dean’s at his entrance.
“Sorry,” Dean mutters, shuffling past him as quick as he can. “Forgot clothes.”
Smoke and spicy clove. Dark, damp earth.
“I mean, you’re no Eric Clapton, but —”
“So… you know what that means, right?”
Dean huffs and rolls his palms over the steering wheel. Sam’s shape in the passenger seat is just like it’s always been: long and angular, all knees and elbows and hair. It should be a comfort, but something doesn’t sit right with Dean as rural Wisconsin flies past their windows and the Impala’s tires eat up the asphalt. It’s like he forgot something, though he knows he didn’t, but it pings in his brain the same way, making him glance in the rearview every other mile. Whenever he catches a glimpse of the little blue coupe somewhere in the sparse traffic behind him, that itch in his lizard brain calms down for a few minutes.
“No—although, I hope you didn’t spend all this money if he’s just going to be here for a few days.”
“Something like it,” Cas says, still somewhat muffled by the laundry. “It’s very small.”
Dean waits for a beat. “You’re not gonna say anything?” he finally asks.
“Go get ‘em, Tiger,” Charlie says without a trace of irony. Dean trots back to where Cas is doing a performative little spine-twist stretch.
“Great. It’ll be nice to have a new face around the neighborhood.”
“French toast?” he dares to ask with shy a grin. There’s even bacon.
Cas tries and fails to pull the grin off his face and be stern, then gives it up as a lost cause and shakes his head. “I don’t like falling victim to that kind of instinct,” he says after a moment. “It’s barbaric. I didn’t even ask if that’s something you wanted. And besides, you’re —” He stops short, eyes on Dean.
As they approach, Cas aiming for shotgun and the girl for the back seat, Dean hears their banter through the open window. They’re discussing the Transformers movies, of all things.
During rut… Basically the same thing, just more concentrated. It’s kind of intense but totally (totally) doable.
Don't fire the crossbows yet! Chapter 14 will be along very soon!
Dean could let him go. Say goodnight, linger on the couch or go to his own room, press his hand to his nose and treasure the scent that Cas has left there, left there for
Dean sprays it with a gout of yellow-red flame.
“I suppose you can take the tiger out of the jungle, but you can’t take the jungle out of the tiger. Now, Castiel. Let’s sit,” he says with the audacity to offer Castiel one of his own chairs in his own shop. “Let’s talk.”
Castiel can feel his flight instinct coiling in his leg muscles—idiotic, uncontrollable instinct—when Sam reappears in the front door. “Hey,” he grunts. “Are we taking a coffee break? Because I would have liked to know that.”
Dean did not sign up for this. His heart kicks right up into overdrive, and he actually laughs in Cas’s face, even if it comes out soft and quiet and doesn’t deter Cas in the least. “And I do not believe for a moment that Lisa was your only chance at happiness. Or even your best chance.”
The fight is quick and confusing. With the hellhounds’ attentions split and desperate, Dean can get closer, can take surer aim, but it's risky. He nearly loses his blade to a glancing blow, and the creature sinks its teeth into his forearm. In an instant, Castiel is at his side, tearing the jaws from his flesh. They end up back to back, Castiel a warm reassurance behind him.
Dean stops in his tracks.
Dean’s brow crinkles in confusion. “You’re — what. Does that mean you’re, like… both?”
under his weight, into the cradle of his arms. He can feel all of Castiel’s skin, even through his own layers, and all at once, his flannel and jacket are stifling, his jeans are restrictive, and god damn, he needs to be naked.
Dean’s too busy grunting under the weight of his load to reply to that right away. “I dunno,” he says as they get to the top of the stairs. “She’s missing out on some killer pizza you’re buying me later.”
I love burgers :-)
One second Dean is digging something out of his pocket, and the next, the medicinal sting of eucalyptus and camphor smacks Castiel in the brain. He stumbles back, spitting and snorting, until he hits the wall of the truck.
Charlie’s only response is a chicken emoji.
“I mean,” Dean's mouth keeps running without his permission. “If it's just the two of us—minus the fur balls, obviously—I dunno. Doesn’t seem much point in, uh." The sentence stalls out, and Dean kind of wishes one of the cats would come rescue him.
“Sorry. Let me just grab a few things, and then I’ll give you the address.”
He can lie in his bed in the dark with one hand on his dick and another on his balls, tugging and rolling, stroking himself firmly and picturing the way Cas’s muscles moved under his T-shirt.
Cas’s head whips around. “Charlie Bradbury?”
Cas rocks back a little in surprise, catching himself on the kitchen counter before pulling back to say, “That doesn’t even make sense—” which is abruptly cut off when Dean grabs his hand and pushes it down, then up, under his kilt.
he is, Cas has a way of sniffing him out. Whether he’s picking potatoes out of the leftover stew (yes, cold, straight from the fridge) (
Castiel had nearly forgotten he was here. “Yes, I—”
Dean huffs and wraps his jacket tighter around himself; it’s only a couple of hours until it’s his turn on watch. He needs to sleep. Instead, he keeps his right hand on a flare gun next to his makeshift pillow, his flamethrower close by, and tries not to make monsters out of every shadow within the shadows, every flutter of a wing or skitter in the dry brush.
Gears grind in Dean's brain. “What?” he says again with more confusion.
Dean’s brain blanks. “You’re what?” He finally glances at the clock. It’s almost 2 am.
Cas tugs on him with the hand still around his waist, pulling him in and tucking his nose and lips up under Dean’s chin. “I told you it wasn’t that interesting.”
“Dean.”
He twitches into the touch when Cas presses the slicked pad of his finger to the sensitive hollow of Dean’s ass. “Tell me if it hurts,” Cas says. “And tell me if you want to stop, at any point.”
The brush of his palm over Castiel’s fingers is cool and dry, and Castiel uncurls on instinct. Dean doesn’t look at him; just watches the wedding with a pleasant little smile, politely fond, even though he doesn’t know any of the people involved.
Cas’s arm tightens around him, keeping him steady.
Dean cocks his head at him, a calculating look. “Are you, uh.” He clears his throat, his ears turning ruddy. “You are, uh, cleaning out the pipes, right?”
“Would you consider it again?” Cas asks. The words come out quick and quiet.
Dean goes an interesting shade of pale, and then blotchy red in his cheeks. “How—how the hell do you know that?”
Cas is still kicking his underwear from his foot when Dean scoots across the bundled mess of blankets to pull Castiel back into his arms. Cas goes willingly, wrapping his arms and one leg completely around Dean, and oh
the Culmination!
Cas doesn’t say anything for a long moment, and when he does, the words come out slow and careful. “We’re incompatible, Dean.” His voice sounds like velvet brushed the wrong way. “I’m sorry.”
He’s still stuck. Dean gasps and clenches down on him, and Cas collapses again over his back.
Before Dean can process, Cas has grabbed her by the arm and hauled her out of the house. She’s squirming and protesting, nearly tripping over her own feet as they navigate the porch steps, but it’s not getting her anywhere; Castiel’s grip is white-knuckled above her elbow. Dean follows right behind, Charlie on his heels.
“Everything alright? Donna didn’t really have time to explain.”
Well, he is an alpha. Dean can smell that much, even through his own mask of incense and essential oils. His scent is sharp, almost astringent, but grounded in tobacco, honey, and evergreen sap. It’s not bad, but it’s a little… disappointingly generic for an alpha who is otherwise so un-alpha. Poor guy’s a stammering mess half the time, and Dean would be lying if he didn’t get a kick out of ruffling his feathers. A wink here, a little touch there, and the guy sweats bullets. It’s great.
“Didn’t you live together?”
Dean can’t stop himself now. “Bad day?”
A second shot flies over Dean’s shoulder, a bright white streak fading to a green afterimage. He hears a scream and a thump, a sizzle of flesh, sees a smouldering shape like a chest and arms as it drops to the ground. Dean takes a few staggering steps away until his back hits the tree trunk, then tosses his now-useless flare gun and struggles to light his flamethrower. He’s the furthest thing from a praying man, but he still sends up a thanks to whoever might be listening when it ignites.
Day to day, it doesn’t matter.
“You know, when I was your age,” Adler continues, “I was working eighty-hour weeks constantly, and that was just at one job, let alone the second, or sometimes third. Now look at me.” He spreads his hands. Dean privately thinks there’s not much to look at but manages to keep his face blank. “Assistant Regional Distribution Director. Living the dream, buddy boy. Living. The. Dream. You know where I’d probably be if I hadn’t pulled that kind of weight?” He shakes his head at his hypothetical alternate self. “Not here, that’s for certain. Might still be hauling vacuums door to door, am I right?”
“Is that okay?”
“C’mon, that was hilarious,” Dean says, but then he focuses on the task at hand. He takes Cas between his palms, massaging gently, and Cas lets his eyes fall shut and warmth suffuse through his groin. Then Dean’s tongue starts tracing a cool, damp line up from his root to his head, gradually undoing all the relaxing Cas has tried to do. Tension and pleasure ratchet up his spine; he can’t help twitching. Especially not when Dean’s breath and lips find the spot just under the head and his hips flick —
“Ah-ha! So you at least knew they were a sports team.”
He’s dizzy. Light-headed. Suddenly sitting down on his couch and not sure how he got there.
“Could be good for you. Just — just think about it, okay? That’s all I ask.”
“Good.” Cas would hate to cause Dean injury. He watches him sopping the coffee from the front of his white T-shirt. The shirt has turned slightly translucent with the liquid, which has Castiel feeling… hungry. That’s not the right word, but it’s the closest one he has.
He drinks some tea with lemon, then chews on some Tums for the heartburn. That counts as food, right?
“Yes, please. Thank you,” Cas says, and the little man bustles away.
“S’not too late,” Dean slurs, flushing hot, cock straining up against the rough weight of his kilt. He tries to stand, but Cas’s arms tighten, one around his waist and the other on his ass cheek. “You gotta let me up real quick, though,” Dean says around a laugh.
“Thanks.”
“Oh.” Dean sets down his breakfast for a drink of water. “Well, it didn’t go great. I didn’t really get much studying done last night.”
He jumps like he’s been zapped with a live wire. Jerks up to look Cas in the eye, surprise, disbelief, mouth hanging open.
“What? Why?”
“Cas — help? I’m lost.”
Gathering his breath, his belongings, and his courage, Castiel kicks the door closed and hustles back to the house.
“Can you—” he starts. Then swipes a hand over his face. “Could we, uh.” Vague gestures between the two of them manage to get the point across, and Cas lets his arms and legs fall open in welcoming.
By the evening of the second day, Cas has slowed from desperate-to-knot-as-often-as-physically-possible to spending hours just touching, exploring. As if there were still any part of Dean’s skin that did not already bear his fingerprints, his scentmark, or the trail of his tongue. He massages Dean’s sore muscles, snuffles into his sweaty armpits and groin, examines the spaces between Dean’s fingers, his toes.
of his pleasure.
It’s a long drive, and Dean spends a lot of time coaxing his old girl through the rough spots, but they make it to sunny Palo Alto with time to spare. Dean sticks around through orientation, watching Sam get settled into his dorm, into the exuberant pace of college life. Then a few days after that, right up until Sam starts giving him side-eyed glances that question what he’s still doing there.
.” Cas twinges away from the pain in his injured shoulder. Dean lets him ride it out, pulling off his gloves, washing his hands, and fishing for the antiseptic spray.
Dean grins and presses up in answer. “I was kinda hoping you’d say that.”
“You have no idea,” Cas says, pulling back with exaggerated reluctance. All the places where their bodies have been pressed together feel cold in his absence.
Dean’s hips work in mindless fucks between Cas’s ass and his hand, completely blissed out and beyond control. “Cas….”
). The ever-lengthening span between text messages, the apologies for late replies, the last few going without a response of any kind. The slow drift into one another’s past. The inevitability of it tightens his heart and his fists until they shake.
It’s luxurious, the long planes of skin under his hands, scratching lines down Dean’s back, but Cas can feel Dean slowly stirring his denim-trapped erection into the crook of his hip. He lets himself bask for a few more moments before sliding his hands farther, slipping them under the layers of Dean’s jeans and boxers. There’s a catch in Dean’s breath as his hips stutter; Cas pulls him closer, slowly works his jeans down his hips until Dean pulls back.
Alistair sneers. “Good luck with that. She hit me first.”
“Hey,” Dean says. “That’s good luck.”
Time. Home. A normal family. Dean sucks in a breath and fights to meet Cas’s eyes through a welling of tears. “You think he’ll graduate?”
Dean thinks for a long while, starts and stops several versions of his reply before answering. Charlie, thankfully, gives him time.
Cas closes his eyes, and Dean can see the moment he relents. “Okay. Give us a minute. I’ll be right down.”
That throws Dean for a loop, it seems. He’s looking at him again, at least, finally, lips slack in a small o. “Oh. Oh-kay.” It comes off his tongue slowly, the pause between one shoe and the other.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He’s staring blankly into a dusty corner, lips pressed tight and still not breathing quite right. It rings an alarm bell in Dean’s brain.
“Hey, would you look at that, it's about time for the ceremony,” Dean says, looking intently at his wrist, which most definitely does not have a watch on it. “Why don't you get scootin’ along, Inias, they're probably looking for you.”
He did it.
“He runs a cat cafe, don’t worry,” Dean is quick to reassure her. “He’s not just a crazy cat dude, I promise.”
“Ah — God, fucking — fuck!” Dean shouts into the sheets, his face pushed into their softness by Cas’s hand on his skull, keeping him completely pinned. He’s probably drooling on them. He can’t spare a thought to care. He is consumed, by fire, by flesh, by
Then, in the summer before their junior year, Cassie presented — omega, as expected.
Dean holds on for a second or two before pulling back, looking a bit sheepish. “Sorry. You just looked like you could use it. And if you, y’know. If this were really —” he clears his throat and waves his hand. “Anyway, we should actually probably get to the ceremony.”
Cas nods again, still with the eye contact. His legs shift against Dean’s ankles, neither toward nor moving away. Just a slow denim-friction slide.
“Uh-huh.”
They spend a long time there, exploring each other’s kisses, moving their bodies in time. Dean takes both of them in hand, pressing Cas’s knot tight to the base of his own cock, stroking from root to tip. Cas is bigger, thicker, but not by much except the knot, and Dean’s leaking precome slicks the way under his hand.
“You’re not as tall as I thought you’d be.”
There’s a man standing in front of the Toe Bean, leaning against the window. A short man with curly gray hair and a goatee, and a face that seems friendly except for how his smile has too many teeth.
But whatever. He could have dealt with that. Even if he did have to do it while watching Han Solo and Lando Calrissian make eyes at each other. Thank god for the forgiving nature of kilts.
“God, Cas, I’m sorry. I can’t—I don’t know how to do this. I wish you were here—god, I wish we’d had just—” He stops. Swallows. If they’d had just a few more minutes. “I’d show you how I feel. I’m no good with the words, but I—you have to know I love you, too.” They come out on a hiccoughing, choking breath, and he has to swallow barbed wire for a few moments. A wash of white-hot rage bubbles through him out of nowhere, and his knuckles clang against the shelf. He hates that it feels good to hit something. “Dammit, Cas, why now? Why like this? You selfish bastard, why—?” Then he slumps against the shelf, fight draining from him as quickly as it had come on. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t be better for you. You’re the most—everything you said about me, if any of that’s true, it’s true because of you. Alright? Without you, I’m—”
Cas is not really awake yet, but the smile he gives Dean is like a little sunrise. “Good morning,” he says, all rough. His nostrils flare. “You made coffee.” It’s almost accusatory.
"Come on, Cas," Dean pants. "God, so fucking wet for you. All yours. Come and get me, alpha," on and on, a taunting litany that speaks straight to the animalistic core of Castiel’s brain.
Through the fire of his pleasure, Dean hears Cas cry out loud against his skin, high and wordless. With one final shove that sinks Dean into the soft earth, Cas's knot swells and locks tight. Dean clenches down on him, squeezing, wanting, and Cas finally lets go of his neck to gasp hot breaths into Dean's hair.
, where the traits of childhood persist into adulthood. Which is an unfortunate use of a Greek root because people already shy away from sex and relationships with betas. It’s “icky.”
Friggin’ hardcore dumbasses. “Break time. Both of you. Stretch out, get some water. Okay?” He turns back to Charlie. “Can I get you anything?”
There are more smiles on the return hike, more banter, even though it’s mostly up hill. By the time they get back to the trailhead, Dean’s cheeks hurt from grinning like a lovesick fool, and Cas is glowing. As Dean pulls out onto the road, a trilling opening chord makes him grin, and he cranks the volume.
They lay like that for a long time, Cas’s warm weight in Dean’s arms. The refrigerator cycles on and off, a loud buzz in the quiet. A dog barks in the yard behind them. Dean gets a crick in his shoulder; when he shifts into a better position, Cas almost sits up entirely, but Dean just tightens his arm and brings him back down.
“Even if I’m—” He stops. The words scream their own absence, too large to say.
Right. Wendigos. The hunt. “I dunno, Cas. The hell gave you that idea?”
Castiel sucks a deep breath into his belly. Holds it there. Closes his eyes and listens to Dean’s continued reassurances on the other end, his steady wellspring of support. Lets the breath out slowly.
But he’s never been quite
Cas huffs, but lets the tips of their noses brush together, breath over lips. “I —” he stops and starts again. “I love you. More than anything, Dean. I love you.”
Well she’s certainly never disappointed, I can tell you that much!
Castiel blinks. “Um. No less than the next person, I suppose.”
But this is work, and he has to hide any inconvenient fantasizing behind his desk because these trousers don’t hide a damn thing.
“Come on, Dean! You can take him!” Charlie’s voice rings out.
The yoga studio is not quite what Castiel expects. It’s a dark-shingled ramshackle of a building hanging off the end of a strip mall with a pair of large steel buckets sitting outside, home to a reedy-looking rosemary and sage. The studio name on the glass door looks hand-painted, and not recently.
The kiss is a deep, languid thing. Restless heat still courses through Dean’s belly and Cas’s cock is blood-hot, wrought-iron-hard where he straddles Dean’s hips — but now that he’s staked his claim, Cas doesn’t seem to be in any hurry. Dean throbs with need, everywhere, from his neck where he’s been bitten to his belly to his cock to the goosebumped skin on the backs of his thighs. But Cas seems content just to lay over him, all warm weight and wet sloppy kisses.
Dean bristles. “Subjugant?”
“No, my aunt’s will was very clear, but if he could prove me not of sound mind—” Cas studies his palms. Dean studies Cas studying his palms.
It doesn't matter, because after an indulgence of exactly one snooze button, he is up and in and out of the shower. He applies liberal amounts of his synthetic alpha pheromone and tries not to think about it. Instead, he debates: red tie? Or blue tie? Red tie. With navy suspenders and a robin's-egg-blue shirt. Everything crisp. Everything sharp. Not a single ironed crease out of place.
“You hated it, didn’t you?” She doesn’t even sound put out.
My coffee table's all yours. You like burgers?
“You deserve better,” Cas says, then scrubs his hands over his face. They’re trembling finely. “You’re a good man; you shouldn’t have to deal with—all this. Me and my issues.”
Cas wins this time, but mostly because Dean gets sidetracked showing off unnecessary jump shots and combinations. He pulls them off with aplomb, but it lets Cas focus on sinking two or three balls per shot. Not that Cas is going to complain. There’s something very attractive about watching a man with a sure grip, good tip contact, a well-laid stance, and excellent ball handling.
“That’s it?” Castiel asks, peering at his newly marked arm. He wants to touch it, to trace the cat’s ears, her back, the curl of her tail cradling the initials of the two people who had meant the most to him in the world until very recently. But the fresh ink is sore and throbbing under his skin, so he refrains.
It doesn’t have far to go, just slips down to the pillow, but Cas’s voice goes tinny and distant until Dean can get it back up to his ear.
Dean shakes his head and scrubs his hands over his face. He’s so tired, his face feels inside out, and his eyes won’t stay open more than halfway. “It’s not the allergies, really. I mean, maybe that’s part of it. But, this cat—he wouldn’t leave me alone. Lock him out of the room, and he cries and scratches at the door. Let him in, and he’s pawing at my head like it’s a rat in a hole.”
“I will when you pull that stick out of your ass.”
Distantly, he hears a crack and a roar of voices behind him, muffled by the thick wood. The alphas have entered the forest. He can’t be farther than a hundred paces beyond the border, and yet it sounds like the echo of another world.
The worst was, Cas hadn’t even seemed to really get what he was seeing. He’d just looked from Dean to the porno and back—until Dean got his shit together enough to hide the evidence—with that perpetually confused frown and funny little puppy-tilt he’d done so often in those days, and when Dean came up with some bullshit excuse for why he’d been “praying” for him, Cas had just gone with it. Was heaven really that lame? The guy was older than friggin’ dirt, and he still somehow didn’t know what sex looked like? Or jerking off?
If he still had his grace, he could reach out to Dean and touch his thoughts, his feelings, to get some sense of whether he longed for Castiel the way Castiel longs for him. As it is, he’s stuck with ordinary human signals: lingering eye contact, the static charge of their close proximity. But is he the only one who notices these things? If Dean does not share his fevered cravings, then there’s nothing he can do about it, and Castiel’s heart whines a long, lonely loon-cry of misery at the thought.
With a significant lift of his eyebrows, Cas says, “Whatever you like.” Then he ambles inside, silk swinging behind his calves, and Dean feels like he can breathe again.
“I’m — I’m sorry,” Cas manages through his giggling. They’ve landed in a tangle of knees and elbows, and Dean’s shoulder is crunched uncomfortably against the bed frame, but Cas comes back in for a sloppy, awkward kiss. Dean would probably fall back into it, weak as he is, but for the ungainly shifting he has to do to get his shoulder to an okay spot, and as he flops back on the floor and Cas leans over him with a manic-wide grin….
“A combination of factors,” he says. “Too much red tape and bureaucracy, not enough actually helping people.”
Dean’s blushing again, shrugging and uncertain in his hands. “I, I dunno. You don’t gotta rush out.”
“I didn’t forget,” Cas says, not meeting his eyes. He traces little circles around Dean’s nipple with a fingertip.
“Ew, Cas. Too much information.”
Dean makes a mocking
The fingers pause for a moment inside him, then he adds a third. “Really?”
Fireflies.
“I thought you were a dream,” Cas says. They sway together gently in the wind. “I didn’t think I would ever —”
“I dunno,” Dean shrugs as he finally pulls away from the curb and, hopefully, from this conversation. He's got to stop doing this if he has any hopes of actually being friends with this guy.
He wonders if he should put on extra pheromone. Then berates himself. He’s not going to be that skeezy alpha throwing his scent all over his omega masseur. Especially since he has the option not to.
Cas’s glare is mutinous for just a second before he crumbles. Sways forward, then recoils like he just realized how close he was to collapsing into Dean’s chest.
“I, uh. I don’t usually—you know. What I said?”
“Careful,” Dean says, following him into the kitchen. “Take it slow.”
“Wow, nothing? Guess that shows how high I rank on Cassie’s conversational list. Although, I guess it’s fitting. He won’t shut up about you, but it wouldn’t exactly have suited his purposes to go on about me.”
Jesus, he’s gonna run himself off the road.
They stop at a few picturesque viewpoints, places where the high cliffs open up on broad valleys and views of jagged peaks that rip at the sky, places where they can snap selfies to send to Benny or Charlie or Meg. As they drive, Dean finds himself taking specific turns that aren’t necessarily the most efficient route. They are taking the scenic route, after all. But after the third such turn he realizes where he’s taking them.
He shifts forward, butt first over the couch cushion, supporting Cas’s head and neck for as long as he can as he slides out of his grip. Miraculously, Cas does not wake up. Just flops down against the cushy leather arm of Dean’s sofa and—stays there. Within seconds, he’s snoring again.
A little clock with a rainbow enamel inlay around the face ticking quietly on the corner of his desk.
“If I have to.”
“Right this way,” Sam says with a gesture through the small maze of privacy screens. He leads Cas to a makeshift room that resembles a doctor or dentist’s office far more than expected, and has Cas take a seat on the padded leather chair while he washes up and starts preparing his equipment.
) or working in the garage or changing light-bulbs in the conservatory, Cas keeps popping up behind him.
Just as he starts up the pair of steps that lead to the door, Sam pops his head back out. “Did you pack up all the clothes?”
“Dean, no—”
“The one you swiped from Bobby’s?
Cas nods. “He described them as tall and pale, skeletal, with long limbs and claws.”
There is a pop when the tender knot slides past the ring of Dean’s muscle, and suddenly he feels twice as full, even though at the moment Cas’s knot is not all that much of a swelling. Dean sucks in air like he can’t get enough and rides down to feel Cas’s hips flush with his ass, the intense pressure of the knotted cock seated inside him.
Castiel nods, trying to ignore the way his stomach draws tight. He starts packing away his things back into the shopping bag. “In any case,” he says, “I’ll want to come back and check on him tomorrow.”
Dean’s natural inclination is to decline, say it’s fine, they can keep watching TV, but his fingers are itching and he needs something to do with them. Cas must catch him glancing at his guitar, because, before Dean can respond, he’s flicked off the TV and picked up his notebook.
“So that was deliberate?” He hadn’t wanted to think that Castiel was really that cruel.
Cas gives him a full-body eyeroll and starts to wander out toward the water.
“Nah,” Dean whispers. “M’comfy.”
“What if they're a mating pair?”
Castiel nods and examines the designs on his calves that he’d noticed earlier, but was waiting for some kind of permission before looking closely. They’re red-and-yellow flames, styled after old hot rods, starting at his ankles and curving up to his knees. Castiel is uncertain of the etiquette of asking about tattoos, so he’s steered clear so far, but now that Dean has mentioned it… “Do they, um. Mean anything?”
“So, let me get this straight,” Dean starts, slow. “You think that just because it might not work out, we just shouldn’t even try?”
“You work on cars?”
“Seriously?”
Pet carriers. Dean does a double take.
“Then one time,” Dean ploughs onward, because now that he’s started he has to finish. “One time, it hit a little too close to home. The guy was at my school, he was someone I knew. Someone I’d—one of the guys I made out with at a party once. We almost went on a date.”
Cas catches the bag and delicately unwraps a large coin. Dean watches him place it in his mouth and savor it as if it were the finest delicacy rather than a skinny disk of mediocre milk chocolate.
“Room in your life for love.”
“Yeah, fine. Fuck. Just.” He deliberately squeezes just to feel Cas press up against all his sweetest spots. Cas jerks. “Intense.”
“Me too,” Dean says. “Yeah, me too.”
“How long have you been seeing this guy?” Charlie asks.
“You can't actually be interested in construction materials sales.”
Never would have expected a firebird to make his nest on water, but that’s irony for you. It’s been a bitch of a hunt with too much research, but now that they’re on the barge, Dean’s in his element. He’s armed with silver and has his molotov ready to go. Sam’s in the hold setting up spellwork. They’re gonna herd this bad mother into the trap and find those kidnapped kids. Alive.
“Coup de grace,” he says. “I win.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Drugs,” Castiel says bluntly, wielding the word like a weapon.
Castiel grins like the cat with the cream. “It’s a deal.”
“Hmm?”
The phoenix—
Cas nods.
with heat in his eyes and pink in his cheeks.
The tulips outside are all white. The curtains are pristine, robin’s-egg blue. The grass is so green it doesn’t look real, and it’s trimmed so that every blade is within a millimeter of its neighbor’s length.
“Nothing.”
Dean bursts out laughing.
“They’re awesome,” Dean says. “Really.”
Really not how he’d hope to spend this last couple of weeks. Really, really not.
“Let’s start with the bad,” Dean says, leaning back in his chair, a little to the side in deference to his sore muscles and tender rear end. He only has half a mind on the shop today, and he’s pretty sure nothing Rufus can say will sour his good mood.
, that’s a target on your back.”
“Can you play this one?” Cas asks, close to his ear.
He doesn’t remember falling asleep. Or maybe it’s more like passing out on the cold concrete floor. He remembers a pair of strong hands pulling him up, walking him through the halls. Sam, probably. His eyes feel glued shut, and he doesn’t really feel like opening them anyway, so he just lets himself be guided. Those hands could be walking him off a cliff right now and he would hardly notice. Or care.
“Okay, you do that way too well.”
Cas can feel Dean’s presence at his shoulder, and he stands taller against it. “As a matter of fact, yes. What do you want?”
“Okay, fine.” Sam’s feet shuffle into a wider stance. “I talked to Cas.”
“Mine.” This is accompanied by a shove in the middle of Dean’s back. “My bed is nicer.”
He can do it for her.
“Care for something to drink?” Dean asks.
Dean thought he was going to have to do all the work in this position, but then Cas gets up onto his knees. Dean finds himself wrapped up, picked up, securely held in Cas’s arms and wings. Dean is solid and strong from years of running and fighting, and he enjoys his cheeseburgers and pie. He’s even got a little height on Cas. So if he gives a startled squawk at being manhandled, well. Sue him. It’s a surprise. And he’s still got Cas’s cock stuffed up his ass, so every move and jostle is a shiver-shock of pleasure.
“Just. No.”
“No. I mean yes. You should.” Cas gives him a groan at a firm push, and Dean pays special attention to that spot that made him melt like lemonade ice in the sun. Then he reaches across and gently lifts Castiel’s right wrist—he’s definitely relaxed now; the limb feels floppy, unresisting—and smiles as he braces Cas’s arm on his own lower back, opening up the scapula.
“Whatever,” Dean says with a shake of his head, then drains the last of his cocktail. “Another round?”
“What are you doing?”
“Oh, for the love of—” Anna’s voice breaks the spell. “Calm down, Castiel.”
Instead, Cas stays.
“What’s this I hear about you making me promises?”
“Cas?”
He’s never kept Dean waiting this long before.
Pun not intended.
and that would just leave Dean feeling stupid and heart-sick. And look really pathetic in the morning.
“Come on.”
Dean's grin is a thing of beauty, lighting up the whole room. “Guess I may as well pay my pet deposit,” he says. “Y’hear that, buddy? I’m keeping you.” TimTam purrs in response and thumps his head down against Dean's bare side.
“I have some preparations I’d like to make.”
“By the time I get here, he’s usually more of a roll-out-all-the-toilet-paper kind of mischievous,” Cas says, watching him closely. “If he weren’t so great with the customers, I would consider re-homing him for making our lives difficult.”
Here goes nothing.
A thump startles him; Sam and Dean are finegaling the sofa through the door with all the requisite grunts and grumbles. Castiel lets himself idly watch the play of muscles in Dean’s arms, his shoulders, the way his jeans cling to his ass and thighs—then curls over on himself, pushing his hands through his hair.
“Okay.” Dean sighs, and palpably relaxes; Cas can feel it through the mattress. “Okay.”
Cas feels the back of his head hit the pillows in a frustrated thump. “Don’t need it,” he growls. “Suppressants—it’s fine. Just.” Given free reign at last, Castiel’s body and mind are consumed by his heat, swallowed whole by the flames of need. He hikes his knees higher and strains against Dean’s grip on his wrists. “Don’t make me beg.”
How do you feel now?
They reach the trailhead; it’s only a short walk, but Dean remembers when it felt much longer, partly because he was younger, partly for the weight he carried. They cross bridges over dry creek beds and duck under a couple of fallen logs before the path opens up on a dark rock outcropping. They can see the ragged line of the mountains under the blue, blue sky, and below them the rocks drop away steeply into an emerald green valley.
“Maybe their business is booming already,” Charlie mumbles through her fourth yawn since Dean left for coffee.
After Sam’s graduation, Bobby finds Dean sitting on the Impala’s hood, staring into the brush. He sidles up next to Dean and leans against the front end, quiet for a long time.
They chat about work. Books Cas is reading; songs Dean is learning. Dean tries for about the hundredth time to get Cas to tell him what he’s always scribbling in that notebook. They talk about TV shows they’re watching, together or separately, and it’s all easy banter and laughter, and when their ankles nudge together under the table, Dean stutters to a halt, and he doesn’t move away.
Dean snorts and grins down at his phone. Dean doesn’t remember seeing him do a damn thing in the kitchen besides make coffee. Maybe cereal once.
“That’s one hell of a midlife crisis you’ve got brewing there,” Cas says. He’s never seen the point of calling a spade anything but a spade.
back into his mouth, and gets his hands all over Dean’s defined chest and mostly flat stomach, the dusky little nipples that perk up under his fingers. Dean's hands wake up from where they've been rubbing restless little circles over Castiel's hips and waist; they follow the line of his belt to where his fly gaps open over his increasingly persistent erection.
“Yes.” Cas turns more fully toward him, frowning with the gravity of the situation.
She sits up, turning off her tattoo gun to shake out her arm and stretch her back. Dean can almost hear it pop from where he’s standing. “I’m fine,” she says.
He hangs there for a few heartbeats, taking in the sights, letting Dean anticipate his next move.
“No, no, no — you got one and it’s — I dunno, blacker black or, somethin’. Anyway you’re not allowed to burn that one.”
“You don’t need to be sorry for living your life, man.”
This chapter is
"You're one to talk," Castiel growls back.
, he hears the creak of the door opening and closing, Cas’s sneakered footsteps shuffling along stone.
If he’s being honest, Dean has been waiting for this since Jo’s interview. He's ready. “She knows her stuff, Alistair. She’s been doing this a long time, she just hasn’t got paid for it. Besides, everybody’s gotta start somewhere.”
There’s that pretty blush again. Sparkling eyes, long lashes, freckles standing out on pink cheeks. Castiel just stares at him, already having forgotten his own question.
“I mean. You—you got out of it, right? Mostly?”
“You should,” Cas growls, still tugging at his jeans, struggling against the torture of their twisted cling. It feels claustrophobic, suffocating. “I pulled you in here against your will while unaware of my actions. I’m no better than Alistair.”
He keeps telling himself he’s relieved all the way into slumber.
With a growl that hardly sounds human, Cas opens his teeth and bites down into Dean’s neck. His mouth entirely encompasses the soulbrand, his bite surrounding it, and there is a lightning flash in Dean’s blood as his teeth break the skin. Dean is only distantly aware that he's screaming.
