"I'm a freak. I'm too smart for my own good, and I suffer from Dysphoria so intense I believe I was born in the wrong body. I'm not a good person to be friends with."
"Sorry, I-I've got to- I've got to get this." He mumbled, disentangling himself from the mess of blankets and answering the call. "H-Hello?"
"Is this what you want Love? You want me to take you apart here, where anyone could see?" He leaned up and bit Sherlock's earlobe, pulling a whimper from the taller man. "You want me to suck you off then fuck you until you scream?" Sherlock nodded, whining and bucking his hips against John's. The hand teasing his nipples moved to his hip and shoved them back roughly, making him gasp in pleasure. "You like it like this, don't you, you Gorgeous Thing? You like it just a bit too rough, a bit dangerous? Tell me what you want Sherlock."
Less than five minutes later, Sherlock Holmes was unbound and standing before John in his cabin. The silence that filled the space between them was awkward, neither sure what to say.
The party was loud, obnoxious, and borderline dreadful. Sherlock winced as one of the students swung from the banister, landing on the floor in a heap of screaming laughter. He shifted closer to his boyfriend's side, taking a sip of whatever mix John had handed him when they had arrived.
“Wow, your friend is intelligent, how ever do you keep up with such a brilliant mind?” The man dead-panned, causing John to let loose a belt of laughter.
"Good, you're awake. I was getting bored." John chuckled, brushing a curl out of Sherlock's eyes and pulling the younger boy up for a soft kiss. Sherlock's nose crinkled slightly, but he smiled fondly and shifted slightly, returning to the task of kissing John's neck and chest.
“Only when I lift the energy from it. The muscles were severely damaged when I broke the seal, but I can manipulate the energies to trick the damaged tissue into not hurting anymore.” John reached for his Med Kit, digging through until he found his sonic kit.
"Nope, I wouldn't have survived the week without my Tiny Dancer." Sherlock snorted in amusement, dropping his head against John's shoulder with a giggle. They laughed for a moment, enjoying each other's company under the gently falling snow.
There was no surge of power. No crackle of electricity between them. There was just the soft, slow slide of lips and the warm, firm press of Sherlock’s body against his. This was right, but something was nagging at the back of his mind. He broke the kiss and looked at Sherlock, instantly remembering what was wrong.
“Sherlock? Hey, can you hear me?” He brushed the damp curls from the pale skin, feeling an emptiness settle over his chest. “Sherlock? Please answer me.” He felt for the young man’s pulse, finding it weak and unsteady.
"Sherlock! Your date is here Darling!" John smiled at Mrs. Hudson as she closed the door behind him, sending him a sly wink as she walked down the hall.
“Let them come. By the end of the night, you all will be gone and I will have nothing left to live for.”
A kid Sherlock vaguely recognized from one of his classes stood next to him, a cheeky grin on his face and a nearly predatory glint in his eyes. Something about the boy sent an unpleasant chill through Sherlock's body and he felt John's grip on his hips tightening.
"Fuck me." He demanded, pulling a whine from Sherlock. When the detective didn't respond to his request, John sat up and grabbed at Sherlock's hips, tugging him close and latching on to one of his nipples. Sherlock gasped and gripped John's hair. "I said; fuck me." John sent Sherlock a cheeky grin that made the taller man giggle breathlessly.
“Oh, that’s rich! You don’t want me to work? You don’t like the thought of me fucking other people? I thought you didn’t care?” John watched as Sherlock’s eyes filled with hurt. His heart broke for the younger man, but he didn’t reach out for him. “You have no right, Sherlock. No right!” He shoved Sherlock again, tears finally slipping from his eyes.
“That’s correct. How is Markus?” The man before him laughed, a soft, sad sound that broke Sherlock’s heart.
"Are you sure?" Sherlock growled in frustration and tugged John's hips tight against his own, rubbing their erections together. John groaned and dropped his head against Sherlock's chest as stars danced over his vision.
It had been nearly two weeks since Nan had mentioned John's plans for after school, and so far, he had managed to avoid the topic. Things were going so well with Sherlock, and something told him that informing his boyfriend that he was planning on running off to join the army once he was graduated would destroy that.
“I know Mike.” Sherlock lowered himself so he was sitting on the deck, motioning to John to take the earplugs out of his friend’s ears.
He knew that the ghost wasn’t gone, he felt the tell-tale signs of static electricity whenever he tried talking to his friend, but Sherlock wasn’t showing himself. John was miserable without his ghost. At first, he had been concerned that the shock his body had received had somehow disrupted his energy. When Sherlock had blasted the hospital room with his energy, his body had gone into cardiac arrest. The doctors had been able to revive him, but it was a close call. John had suffered a minor concussion from hitting the glass, but it wasn’t serious.
“You can’t kill me Dr. Watson.” Moriarty giggled, sending a chill along John’s spine. John pulled his gun out of it’s place in his belt and waved it in Moriarty’s direction.
“Of course, Cheekbones. Can’t have you showing up to your first date looking like that, now can we?”
He glared at the door, silently willing whoever it was to go away. The person ignored his silent demand though, continuing to pound on the door until Sherlock decided to answer.
“You are nothing like John Watson. He is good, and kind, and would never hurt another person.” Moriarty laughed, digging the blade deeper into John’s skin.
"Oh, I certainly plan to, My Dear Watson." He gripped John's hip and guided him back to the centre of the bed.
John could hear the cries of men in battle from his perch, and felt his heart swell for his staff. They were trying to protect him and his castle. He didn’t deserve friends like that, not after everything he did to them.
“Actually, I do.” Sherlock felt a swell of excitement at the thought of new books to read. He grinned at the Librarian, bouncing on his toes as he rifled though some boxes. “I remembered you mentioning that you enjoyed the Fantasy genre, so I hunted down a copy of this.” Mike handed Sherlock a leather-bound book. He ran his fingers over the gold lettering on the front, unable to contain his awe at the book.
As much as he loved having any part of John inside him, the angle was wrong in this position and it was just shy of too uncomfortable. He clenched his eyes tightly and tried to relax, knowing it would get better soon. He dropped his head against John's shoulder and bit down on the older man's jumper, not wanting to alarm him.
"Oi! Love-birds! Think you can keep your tongues to yourselves for a few minutes so we can open gifts?" John broke the kiss and glanced at his Mum, who was focused on digging gifts out from under the tree, before playfully flipping Harry off, laughing and ducking as she threw a pillow at them.
“I’m going to stop you right there. You are bullshitting yourself again John, and you have to meet Sherlock in five minutes.” John felt his stomach tighten as he regarded his reflection.
“Good, let’s do this.” Sherlock grinned, stepping back and directing everyone to stand in front of him. Once they were all in place, John watched as Sherlock dug through the pockets of his suit jacket. He finally found what he had been looking for and pulled out a stunning pocket watch. “I thought the watch was symbolic?” John quipped, grinning at the scowl Sherlock sent him.
Sherlock's moans and whimpers got louder as he neared his climax, practically screaming John's name as he came, covering his chest, stomach and John's hand. John gripped Sherlock's hips hard and sped up his thrusts, pushing roughly into the pliant body beneath him until he came deep within Sherlock's body.
He could do little else but nod weakly, swallowing around the lump that was quickly forming in his throat.
“That is brilliant.” John couldn’t contain the grin that pulled at his lips. He never got called brilliant. Crazy, yes, but never brilliant. “Who were they?”
Sherlock turned his phone off, slipping it under his pillow and burrowing further under the blankets. He couldn't face John, not after this.
John set the sail and secured the line before slumping against the side of the boat. The blood had stopped flowing a while back, but the wounds were still open.
“No, no don’t speak. The bullet might have punctured your lung.” He grabbed his Summoning Bowl and Ritual Dagger before pulling out an ancient book, made of leather and parchment. He had found the book years ago, and had spent many years translating it.
Once everything seemed to calm down, an awkward silence settled over the table, everyone focusing on their breakfast. John glanced up, catching Sherlock's eyes and winking, making his boyfriend smile shyly.
He went slow, giving Sherlock lots of time to adjust. Once the other man was relaxed, John started a fast, firm pace, shifting the angle of his own hips until Sherlock's back arched and he cried out loudly.
The boy Sherlock was looking for was still underage, so the ring kept him reserved for the highest bidders, making it impossible to find him.
"I'm going into the army after I graduate." John broke the silence, speaking the words he had been trying to avoid saying out loud for so long. He saw the sadness on Sherlock's face, but offered the boy a soft smile before turning to look at Mr. Holmes.
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer." John whispered, pushing off the wall and spinning so that Sherlock was the one pinned. Sherlock gasped as John sucked a harsh bruise just above his collarbone. "God, the things I want to do to you, right up against that mirror over there." Fire coursed through Sherlock's body and he clung to John, his body trembling.
Then Sherlock lowered his hand. John was expecting the usual flash of cold and burst of static electricity at the touch. He braced himself for the sadness that always accompanied being unable to touch Sherlock.
“The Master is a good man, he just has a bit of a temper. You should get some rest, let your body heal. I will come back in and check on you in a few hours.” Sherlock nodded and watched as the teapot and her cart wheeled their way out of his room.
“Sherlock Holmes?” John spun to face his friend, shock filling his body. He hadn’t told Greg Sherlock’s full name.
“And if I don’t behave?” John growled and bit just slightly too hard on Sherlock’s pale collar bone, pulling a pained whimper from the young man.
“I have no idea.” They giggled, John hiding behind his hand to avoid drawing unwanted attention. “Jesus. Are we mad?”
"Shut up, it's our song." Sherlock snapped at his brother before answering the call. "Mycroft is about to have a hernia, you two had better get here soon."
“Sherlock?” John’s voice came from the other side of the door. “Sherlock, what’s going on? Let me in!” He whimpered and reached his hand for the door handle. His hand trembled violently, his wrists burning and pulsing as he fought with the lock.
He approached his house, tying Redbeard to the post and making his way inside. He would get some sleep and leave in the morning. He hesitated in the doorway, looking about the tiny building he used to call home. When did it get so small? So cluttered?
"William, this boy is obviously important to you, and I want to make sure he is going to take care of my son."
John felt a flare of anger towards his little sister, how could she possibly think pushing him on this poor boy was a good idea?
"Well? Got anything for us?" Lestrade asked, cutting through the fog that had settled over Sherlock's mind.
"What? Why not? Having another sad wank by yourself?" Sherlock blushed, wrapping one of his arms around his chest and avoiding John's gaze.
Sherlock hadn't had an easy life, having been bullied for most of his childhood for his love of dance and superior intelligence, and to see the boy happy now was something Mycroft had to make sure to thank John for.
It was Christmas break, and John had talked Sherlock into coming with him to spend the holiday at his family's cabin. Sherlock's family was going to Paris for the break, but the dancer had chosen to stay behind, opting to attend the Christmas recital instead. So John had suggested they spend the break together.
He kicked his horse into action and raced from the town, praying to every deity he could think of that he would make it on time
“Hey, Sherlock? Sherlock, talk to me. Come on Gorgeous, wake up.” Sherlock was unconscious, lying limply in John’s arms. The soldier stood, carrying the pale man in his arms as he hurried towards the near-empty street.
The dinner was interesting, Mrs. Holmes chattering endlessly about how proud she was of her boys, while both flushed in embarrassment. John enjoyed listening to the stories of young William and Mycroft.
“If it’s any constellation, I think you’re hot too.” John winked at Sherlock, enjoying the shock that took over the tall man’s face.
"You like watching yourself play?" John laughed and settled into the chair in front of the screen, shaking his head and blushing lightly.
He blushed and pulled away, pressing the button at the front of the Collar to allow it to tighten and activate. It beeped and flashed, signifying that it was active. John’s own Collar beeped and pricked his neck again, ensuring the blood matched what was in Sherlock’s Collar.
More growls filled the air as Redbeard ran, signaling the arrival of more wolves. Sherlock felt his body flood with terror. He wasn’t getting out of this alive.
“Sounds perfect.” They kissed again, both melting into the slow slide and press of tongues and lips.
“No worries Mate.” John hung up the phone and dropped heavily into a chair, growling and tugging at his hair. He wanted to be with Sherlock, sitting by his side until he woke. He wanted to be there when the young man came to.
“You’ve been doing this for five years?” John blanched slightly at the thought of being in the industry for that long.
Sherlock gasped as John reached for him, dragging him close and gripping the back of his neck tightly.
"She uh- she-" Sherlock's face was covered in a dark blush as he looked around helplessly. "She wants us t-to da-date." John froze, blinking stupidly at the boy as Sherlock freed his ankle and pushed away from him, curling in on himself and dropping his head back against the wall.
“Please stop calling me a prince, and it’s not a date.” The wardrobe chuckled, a piece of the decorative woodwork coming off the front, acting as an arm, and tracing Sherlock’s cheekbone. “Are you going to help me?”
“Well, well.” A voice purred from the wardrobe, the doors opening slightly. “Aren’t you a pretty thing?” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, it felt as though he was being appraised. “You must be the new prince everyone is talking about.”
“Just, trust me, alright? Leave these in until I say, no matter what, okay?” Mike looked uncertain, but followed his instructions.
“I know Love, I know. It’s okay. Take care of yourself Gorgeous.” John could feel the blade shaking against his throat and he laughed, but it caught in his throat and sounded more like a sob than a laugh. “I never said before, but you know I love you too, right?” Sherlock’s eyes widened and the blade stilled against his throat.
Sherlock was pressed against the brick, a pair of large men pinning him there. His lip was broken and bleeding and his eye was bruised.
“Sherlock! Long time, no see.” The voice that haunted his nightmares filled the small space, causing Sherlock to jump, spinning around and reeling backwards.
“Shit!” John cursed as he watched the young man behind him hit the cold stone stairs. He ran back up the steps, catching the limp body before his skull could strike the stairs again. He grabbed him up in his arms and raced through the palace, calling for Mycroft and Greg as he went.
Sherlock threw the tray of food after the orderly, shouting obscenities after the young man. He didn’t want to be here. He was supposed to be dead.
“No.” He whispered, turning his attention back to John, gently tapping his cheek in a vain attempt to wake him.
“He won’t. It’s too late Myc. I’m sorry I couldn’t free you guys.” John took a shuddering breath and looked at his friend. “Go be with your husband. Tell everyone I’m sorry.”
“Sherlock!” John heard the bullet as he called out, feeling his stomach drop as he watched the bullet strike Sherlock’s chest. “Sherlock!”
“What’s happened?” Lestrade was the first to arrive, running along behind John as he ripped through the halls.
“Yeah, here’s the thing; My name is Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and if you two don’t walk away right now, I will blow a hole in your fucking heads.” The pair froze for a moment before continuing towards him.
“Yeah, because an empty castle could hurt me. It seems the more likely scenario is the fucking beast that is keeping me here!” He had no idea where those words came from, but he couldn’t seem to stop them. “Why don’t you just kill me huh? Or are you just trying to fatten me up before you eat me?”
"Why on Earth would- oh wait! I think Mycroft liked him too." John shot up in his bed, staring at Sherlock in disbelief. "Yeah, I seem to recall him mentioning that he thought his Chemistry partner was 'easy on the eyes' or something." An idea wriggled it's way into the back of John's mind and he allowed himself a mischievous grin. "I don't know why he thinks Mycroft is gone. He still lives in town, he just got his own place-"
“No. We shagged a few times, but there was no feelings or commitment. It was the army, anything that happened between soldiers was nothing more than urge fulfillment. Don’t ask, don’t tell.” He shrugged, turning back to his new companion. “We’re going to have some issues getting you through the gates.”
“Yeah! That’s it! John is more classically attractive while you look like some kind of mythical creature.” Sherlock glared at his food again, pushing it around with his fork some more. “Hey, you know my opinion doesn’t matter, right?”
“Well, he’s a peach.” John didn’t bother to hide the sarcasm in his tone as he finally relaxed back into Sherlock’s arms, tilting his head so the taller man could have more access to his neck. Sherlock continued kissing and sucking lightly.
"S-Sorry, I-I- I don't- I'm not good at this." John smiled softly and leaned up, kissing the timid boy again, this one lasting a little longer, but still soft.
“Yep. Yeah, alright. Little help over here?” Nurses came to his aid and helped him carry a very unconscious Sherlock Holmes back to bed.
“Let’s just say, there’s something there that wasn’t there before.” He winked and continued down the hall.
He started slow, letting out soft whimpers with every move. Soon, Sherlock started moving his own his along with John's changing the angle to try to find the right spot.
“Wow, what a bitch.” John laughed at that, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he did. The young man had gotten much more comfortable around John, no longer flinching when he moved too fast or touched him.
“Oh, you boys are welcome to stay here for the night if you would rather. There is more than enough room here.” John felt a flash of fear, worried that Sherlock might just accept the offer.
"John Watson was found last night." Lestrade's voice sounded rough, as though he had been up for several days with little more than coffee and cigarettes to keep him going. Sherlock swung his legs off the sofa, his chest tightening with fear and relief.
Well....that's all folks!! Hope you enjoyed it!!! This was probably my favorite of all the AUs I've written so far (I'll post my others soon)
"What's wrong Love?" John's face as split in a slightly confused grin, and Sherlock realized he had stopped dancing.
"Greg and Mikey, you guys are benched today, take a seat boys." The rest of the group shuffled closer, their heads hanging low and avoiding John's eyes. "You Cocks are lucky. Sherlock isn't going to press charges, and I don't think I'm going to make him. I am going to make sure you regret waking up this morning."
“I need you to get me into your Chem lab. I have some tissues I need you to sample and we need some heavy-duty scanners.” Mike seemed to hesitate, not that John blamed him; smuggling someone into a Chem lab like that was not exactly approved of. “If you would rather, I can give you samples of the tissues. I just need you to identify what is tainting the samples.”
"George can wait." John laughed, kissing Sherlock softly once more before stepping around the taller boy, pinching his arse cheekily as he made his way out of the room.
The young man was smiling down at him, his eyebrow cocked and head tilted to the side, and it took Sherlock far too long to register that he had been the one to say his name. He pulled his earphones out and tried to make his voice work, but only managed a timid hum.
"Perfect. Lot's of time then." Sherlock bit his lip against a whimper, dropping his head back against the mirror as John quickly worked his leggings down far enough so they weren't in his way.
Throughout the rest of the night, John did his best to take Sherlock's mind off what his Nan had said. Soon enough, the gifts were unwrapped and the family was sitting down to dinner.
"And you're sure Donaldson is the killer?" The question earned John a glare, which he laughed off, making a show of stretching, moaning softly as his joints popped.
"So, is it like an open relationship kind of thing?" Sherlock furrowed his brow, the question sending a flare of confusion through his mind. "I mean, you're ace, right?" Sherlock nodded, trying to figure out where the other man was going with his thought process. "So you don't like sex, but John does?"
That's it kids! The final chapter!! I hope you liked it!!! feel free to comment and tell me what you think!! Thanks for reading!!
"Fine!" Sherlock was moving before he could stop himself, jumping to his feet and stalking towards his friend. John stumbled back until he slammed against the wall, confusion and fear in his eyes.
“Sherlock,” a familiar, melodic voice came through the speakers and sent ice coursing through Sherlock’s veins. “John Watson, is definitely in danger.”
“It’s been in my family since humans first started exploring the stars. I got it when my father passed.” Sherlock dragged himself along the deck, wincing in pain as his wounds pulled. “Don’t, you’ll hurt yourself-”
Sherlock stared at his phone for a moment, waiting for whatever harsh message was going to come next, but none came. He had to remind himself that John wasn't Victor, that he wouldn't do something like that.
“John, I can hear the gears whirring in your brain. Would you please tone them down a bit?” Sherlock drawls sleepily from his warm cocoon.
Instantly, John stops moving and lays his palm over the bulge, feeling heat through the leather. Sherlock makes another sound deep in his throat and leans forward, balancing on his hands so that his forehead rests on John’s shoulder. Copying his lover, he licks John’s jaw then pulls back with a small frown.
Victor mentally Calls from somewhere out of John’s sight. John rubs at his temples, trying to assuage the headache that’s been steadily growing worse since they left Baker Street. Unsure whether it’s due to Victor’s exuberant terrier personality or the fact that he’s clinging to two separate lines of communication simultaneously, it is still a pounding behind his eyes he’d rather live without. Eventually it will slow him down, so the quicker they get out of here the better off they’ll all be.
Sherlock is on his knees in Thompson’s former room. He is bent at a weird angle, his posh posterior stuck out in the air and his big hands pushing beneath the mattress.
grin at her and turns back to the wriggling four-year old. John rolls his eyes and Mrs. Hudson shakes her head.
Eventually my door opens again and I spend the time with the stranger thinking of Thomas and wondering what he would say if I could tell him that sometimes I remember his words and their meanings in the oddest moments.
He sighs and stretches his arms over his head, letting his eyes close as he makes a last ditch effort to relax his mind on the ancient sofa in the sitting area of an empty four-bedroom house in Barking at one o’clock in the morning. Well, the owner, Thomas Maximillian, said ‘house’ but John’s tending towards calling it a mini-mansion in his own head. Its vaulted ceilings and a bathroom the size of John’s bedroom sort of make it seem that way.
John Sends Affection over their Link. He gives in one more time, caressing Sherlock’s head and face, letting his fingers trail down the line of his jaw as Sherlock makes an odd sound that greatly resembles a purr.
Some of them are angry and see me the way I see the useless tapestry. They do the business quickly and leave. I don’t matter. Others want to talk but I can’t since I don’t remember how, they stop trying and get on with things; there’s a few who’ve gotten angry. Out of those, some try different languages…a few of those I’ve understood the words but not the meanings. How could I?
Sherlock does a quick count in his head, making a mental map of where everyone in their rather unorganized ‘search party’ happens to be at the moment. He also valiantly tries hard not to consider those particular items on a particular list that he’s particularly kept hidden from himself for a particularly long time—well, those things that happened to John and himself whilst he was
Martin gives John a look that plain says ‘help me’ but John just raises his eyebrows and shakes his head. “I’m going to take a shower.”
This time John can’t contain the giggle that escapes his lips. The paramedics are now strapping the wingwalker to a backboard, and the ginger man is openly staring at Sherlock. He jumps a little when John giggles, but other than that barely reacts at all to his surroundings.
“Yes and no, Reggie. The main differences between them and us, or rather the “us” as we collectively know ourselves to be in this day and age, well, both of those races are believed to have had telepathic powers, high intellect and very possibly unique physical features such as wings. Other than that, it is my belief that they could pass as humans, easily.”
doing here?” Lestrade queries from across the room where he’s at the coffee machine making a fresh cup.
“So you must be the wingwalker Douglas went to rescue.” Arthur states, holding out his hand in Martin’s direction and changing the subject completely.
Mycroft does not miss the fact that it takes his exhausted mind a couple of minutes to recognize the strength of the word ‘him’ in Sherlock’s Mindspeech. Since he’s in his avian form, he can’t exactly frown; on the other hand, there’s no doubt Sherlock comprehends the implications of Mycroft’s slight hesitation.
to tell him, but the naturally inquisitive part really, really wants to know; since he can’t speak as a cat, he chooses to remain silent. As much as this is going to hurt, he knows John needs it. It’s the only way they are going to be able to move forward.
“I know,” I sniff as Mrs. Hudson squishes a tissue into my hand. I wipe my nose. “It hurts me,” I tell them, fighting against the grief again, “it hurts so much that he died that way. He had so much to…”
“Yes,” Sherlock murmurs. Feeling that a bit more of their Link has opened, he Sends a short vibration laced with Gratitude towards John.
…all I remembered to grab were my shoes. By the time I’d gotten home, I was in such a state, I grabbed Victor’s by mistake and pulled them on. I wasn’t really thinking about socks, and now I’ve bled in them, but you see, Mr. Holmes, I need some help.”
Sherlock watches John for a moment more, making sure he’s really as alright with this as he says he is; probing at the Link, he discovers, as always, that John’s words ring true.
Accustomed to the Holmes version of non-verbal communication, John follows suit. Sherlock steps back and allows Sherrinford to open the door. Their eyes meet and Sherlock nods. They walk quickly down the hallway towards the exit.
“Did he just compliment you?” Ophelia asks from the shadows of the hallway. She is only a shadow herself and would appear to those only a few perceptive people as little more than a glimmer.
For the first time in his life Sherlock finds himself being studied the way he studies everyone and everything around him.
John agrees, though he’s not exactly sure how much help he’s going to be. “Do you mind if we hang out here a bit?”
“Hello Martin,” Sherlock says calmly as the younger man flinches at the scrape of hinges then blinks at him.
“Yes, I have nowhere else to be.” Martin answers, offering up a weak smile as the truth of the statement dawns on him.
doesn’t want to think about. How he hates flying. There aren’t even any interesting passengers on board to keep Sherlock’s mind busy.
Martin shakes his head, ginger curls bouncing about. He laughs and it comes out rather strained. “I’ve always
“Little ole me?” Sherrinford shares a toothy, wicked grin with the four men around him. “Well, that’s a story for the ages, but honestly, I think these two would just as soon get out of here and be somewhere comfortable to hear about it.” Sherrinford jerks a thumb in Sherlock’s direction. “Not to mention the smell of sex musk is so thick in here I think it’s gonna give me a bo…”
Wilson isn’t sure what to think…or perhaps maybe he should have an exorcism performed as soon as possible. What he is not going to do, however, is give in and chase House down the corridor.
What expression John can see in the heavy shadows appears to be anything but alarmed, even entertained. John realizes he’s still touching the plane and pulls back as if he’s just been caught filching his dad’s tools or with his hand down his own trousers.
about the night Ophelia was killed; that’s enough, he thinks. Let’s just move on from here. “Alright.”
John purses his lips, lets a hiss of air pass between them. “She would have been ten years old, Sherlock.”
“Peyton, you are a good person, honey. John’s right, you know, Bryan made his own decisions. You’ve got to respect him for that.”
“Lestrade!” calls the dulcet tones of one Sally Donovan from the opposite end of the never-ending corridor.
I do not excuse him in the least for his own part in all of this, and I won’t say that with any quadrant of my heart that I condone his behavior, whether it be then or now. That is yet another conversation we will be having, though I strongly believe he’s done with it. I saw something in his eyes last night, something new that I had missed and the only way I can hope to put it into words is to describe it as the burning ember of the will to live.
The idea that finally occurs to him is absolutely ridiculous, but then again, he wouldn’t be who he is if he didn’t entertain every possibility all the time. Satisfied he’s made arrangements that will work to benefit them both, Sherlock lets his eyes fall on his sister then settles back to again search for someone with answers beyond the tangible world.
“Well, I know for damned sure it wasn’t in there when I got here this morning!” Mr. Thompson is shaking from the fight his body had just gone under as well as irritation.
“Yes, ma’am, Misses Norton. I know it is a bit early for a social call, but I’m wondering if I could ask you some more questions about your husband?” He queries, remembering what Mike told him about referring to spirits in the present tense so as not to upset the living.
John nods, accepting the hot cuppa with a wan smile. Now that he’s home, he realizes how exhausted he is. He stretches a little, rolling his head from side to side then rubbing his bare feet against the linoleum. Sherlock pulls his chair around beside him, pressing his leg against John’s.
“How dare you!” Sherlock hisses under his breath. Guiltily, he looks at John who doesn’t appear to have noticed. Unashamedly, he glares up at Mycroft.
I feel like the ‘other’ parent, the one who has to tell the child that one of their parents have died…the one who has to try to be both strong and consoling at the same time.
Nova regards me carefully with her one brown eye and her one blue eye that’s ringed in color. Her white marking goes straight down the middle of her head, dividing the orange-ish color in half and ending at the tip of her only-slightly-squashed-in face. At least she’s not a snorer.
“Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade, Scotland Yard.” Greg introduces himself to the officers, intentionally leaving out the part about being sent as an intermediary by Sherlock’s older brother. They introduce themselves as Sergeants Penn and Barkley.
“Mr. Holmes,” Barkley says from between clenched teeth, “there has to be more. We were told you are some kind of detecting wizard…”
(Cue the closing credits music to whichever show you prefer. You know, like all the Hogwart's students singing the school song to different melodies and then it gets stretched out and finally ends with the Weasely twins singing a funeral march. You know!!)
Anya regards him warily then holds out her hand. John grasps it lightly in his own, afraid to move too quickly or get too close, though he is forced to lean into her space a little where her lips move.
It isn’t long before Sherlock returns, sliding into the empty spot beside John and taking up that space plus some. Ever so slowly, he leans into John until his head, neck and shoulders are all John can see.
John contemplates the baggage storage and wonders how long it would take Sherlock to find him if he crawled through them. Maybe he’ll scoot over to the aisle seat and pretend that he doesn’t know Sherlock.
John carefully makes his way down the tree, still cradling the Cat against his chest. When at last he makes it back to the ground, the Owl gives him the once-over with the flick of his head. John Reaches out to show their gratitude, but he’s cut off by Sherlock’s Mindvoice.
Martin takes another sip of his wine then sets the glass on the table with only the slightest clunk. His hands are trembling.
Sherlock steps in closer, both hands now on his thighs, pushing him off the ridged edge of the pool table and farther into the center. As he moves John’s body backwards, he tugs off jeans and scarlet pants along with it so that John is left almost naked under the swinging light over the table: sitting on the soft green felt in nothing but a black button-down hanging off his shoulders, eyes tracking every movement the detective makes.
Sherlock shakes his head dramatically and pulls at the doorknob. The door remains stubbornly closed.
The brass knob turns easily at his touch, swinging open to allow him to take in what is happening in the huge dining area complete with heavily laden tables, chairs and a crowd of people milling about. Men and women of all ages greet him with soft smiles or a brisk wave of a hand.
“It isn’t my place to forgive you for what you did to someone else, you know that, right?” John asks, giving his words the space to roam freely between them. Outside the windows, the sky begins to darken, heavy grey clouds moving in and promising rain.
Sherlock regards John closely as his lover moves from the bed to the bureau, taking in the gold and silver glints in his hair as he passes in and out of shadows and light. Even the knowledge that many of those are only in his own mind does nothing to diminish the effect. Sherlock shrugs inwardly, deciding that John deserves to be surrounded by a gold aura regardless of whether it is there or only in his imagination.
“Oh god,” John laughs at her tiny moue, “I keep forgetting that now I have two of them. Go on, here you go.” He hands her the glasses and she stuffs them back into her pocket with a cheeky grin the pulls herself up using Sherlock’s arm.
“Now,” Sherlock attempts to demand, but his voice is so deep and raspy that it comes out sounding to John more like a plea.
Sherlock frowns and shifts a bit harder this time, reaching for John’s wallet. He’s already taken it from John’s back pocket and handed the cabbie a few bills before John is fully conscious.
Grant looks pained and his face flushes. “There was this face…” he says softly as if the word is akin to a toothache.
They are in an old forest about twenty miles north of Stirling. John is tired from the short trek they’ve made through the woods, but pleased with his ability to do so. He’d had to argue with Toby a little about going off on her own for a bit, but in the end, it was well worth it. Their Link hums with satisfaction and joy.
It is obvious to John after a bit that Mycroft and Sherlock understand enough of what the youth is saying to follow along. John needs a break, though, so he grasps Sherlock’s cuff in his hand and heads for the door.
John can actually see the raised eyebrow and tight-lipped moue. Oh, it was so worth getting booked into a cell just for this.
?” John hisses under his breath. It’s all he can do because he’s squashed between a hard-as-a-brick wall detective and an actual brick wall, a not too uncommon occurrence but annoying all the same.
Staring at the clear droplet on his fingertip, John whispers Sherlock’s name once more. The atmosphere of the bedroom changes with a quick drop in temperature and the cessation of all sound. There only reason he notices it is because Sherlock finally blinks and really looks at him.
“Well, hello!” chirps Mrs. Hudson as she steps though the adjacent door as if she wasn’t in the same room with them five minutes ago. “You must be Martin! Are you the wingwalker from earlier today? I thought there was something familiar about you!”
Martin is astounded how he pleased the first officer is to see him. He takes a covert look around the room. No one else is paying them any mind. Yep. Must be him. He sits down, waiting politely for Douglas to do the same.
“Agoraphobic,” Sherlock mutters half to himself and half to John. Aloud he says, “Adrian’s brother.”
Sherlock wrinkles his nose delightedly and peers at the rope, oblivious now to anything else happening around him, save for the insistent poke in the ribs from his Small Soldier. His glasses seem to appear out of thin air and suddenly the black ropey thing makes sense.
Feeling a bit silly, John waits patiently at Mrs. Norton’s front door. While he stands on the wooden porch, he makes a grand effort at ignoring the majority of things that happened last night, especially any details about a tall, mysterious ‘consulting psychic’ that have been intruding on his thoughts every five minutes or so. He fiddles with the EVP device he stuck in his pocket on the way out of LOPNI’s headquarters; he tells himself that the reason he is here is only about her case and nothing else.
Sherlock raises his back and Victor starts barking his head off. It’s all John can do to keep from shouting at both of them over the absolutely hateful pounding behind his eyes. :
John was absurdly delighted to find out that when he shook hands with the older man that Kevin’s head comes to John’s shoulder. Next to Sherlock, the man looks like a dwarf. He’d smiled at him and John grinned back, amused by the pictures in his head. Sherlock narrows his eyes but doesn’t say anything.
John decides for the moment to not mention Martin’s crash; instead he cruises around the opposite side of the plane, his eyes roving over the fuselage. He stops, too, right by a small door just under the sliding top over the cockpit.
She looks like she’s going to give him a real answer but instead shrugs her shoulder and says, “I am on holiday.”
It takes John about three seconds to catch up and by the time he gets to Sherlock’s bedroom, he’s starting to feel like he’s being led by the clothes dropped everywhere like some sort of weird bread crumb trail. The Link between them is pulling him forward as surely as if he were roped and tied. :
The Owl opens his beak in order to make a loud screech not very unlike the horrible caterwauling Sherlock calls forth when he tortures his violin. Down on the ground, the Cat pins his ears back and lashes his tail in irritation against the obvious jibe. A few seconds later, the Owl lands on the lowest branch of the tree closest to Sherlock, quickly folding his elegant tawny wings against his body.
Sherlock stares, only slightly miffed because a small child with ten perfectly teeny toes just did what he hasn’t ever been able to do: scare the shit of John.
Mrs. Norton turns away from the hob where she’s fussing with a fresh pan of scones and grins at him. She’s got a bright pink oven mitt on her left hand. “Well, I’d like to thank you for the compliment, John, but somehow I don’t think it’s truly meant for me.”
It has started to drizzle some and John has almost had enough walking for one night when a flash of blue-red-blue-red lights and a screeching siren catch his attention. He quickens his step and checks down several alleys before he finds the one cordoned off by an investigative crew. He wanders closer and closer towards the yellow tape barricading a floodlit area in the corner where two big buildings meet. From his current vantage point, which happens to be facing directly into a pair of enormous lights that are set out on the ground. The steady but gentle fall of rainwater could easily be diamonds the way they catch the bright beams.
“One of the security…” John starts as the man who has taken over Sherlock’s earlier job of aimlessly poking at the bomb calls out in alarm.
As always, John’s torn between shoving Sherlock down on the bed and making him clean up his own mess. Sherlock knows it so he very slowly flicks open the zip on his trousers. When John sees dark curls he shuts the door behind them, locks it and goes right on ahead and pushes Sherlock to the mattress.
Is the only warning Sherlock can give as he feels like he’s being pulled apart at both ends; there’s a push behind his eyes, alternately his body is nothing but heat before he goes cold and clammy and then, out cold, he falls forward against Victor’s chest. Somewhere in the back of his mind he hears a woman scream “Oh my God!” but he’s so far gone, now, he doesn’t even recognize his mother.
“Oh, you always tell people they’re fascinating by sinking your teeth into their legs?” Sherlock frowns as he yanks his legs up, bending them at the knees and planting his trainer-clad feet on the ground as if daring Victor to move him.
“Sherlock, you aren’t alone. You’re here with me, take it easy and wake up.” At least John thinks he may be asleep, but this could be some sort of psychic episode, as well, and he is sorely ill equipped to handle anything like that. If he can just get Sherlock to snap out of it, maybe they can talk it out…
Without a second thought, Sherlock latches onto the tenuous Link that they have just created, just now, right here in the space of their dimly lit kitchen. Or maybe it created itself and the two of them are only along for the ride, he wonders as he settles himself on the tile next to John, discovering now the aching
John’s heart threatens to break in half when he sees Sherlock hug his little brother close to him when they step out of the lift. Soon, they are sitting in their suite, Martin on the sofa with his legs stretched out in front of him, Sherlock with his legs crossed at the end of it and John in one of the armchairs. Mrs. Hudson left a note that she and Sophie went swimming and should be back before tea.
Victor hates that he lied to his husband about the money, but his business that occurred long before Grant came into his life is exactly that, his own. He knows they’re lying to him and he’s hoping that once they are paid off, they’ll be gone and that will be the last of it. Watching carefully until the detective and his side-kick are out of sight, he stops himself mid-thought; no, that’s no side-kick, Victor thinks. Just in the few moments he’s been observing them, he could clearly see two cogs in a well-oiled machine.
A light bulb flashes on in Douglas’ mind. Oh! It all comes quickly when he realizes that John is telling him that he needs to get back to Sherlock and tell him
“Is it your hobby to run amok like a mangy mongrel and bite people? How do I know you aren’t rabid?” Sherlock leans towards Victor, attempting to use his newly found height to intimidate the other boy.
“Oh god, there’s going to be more?” House mutters from his desk. He’s got his head cocked at an angle while some ginormous-breasted woman on the monitor is doing something unspeakable to a donkey and a banana.
“Mrs. Hudson, I am truly sorry.” Sherlock says as she turns to face him. Uncharacteristically, his head is hanging and he is studying his freshly-scuffed shoes as if they hold all the answers to the universe.
“What are you trying to say?” John asks, raising his voice a little. He steps toward the paramedic, hands clenched and shoved into the pockets of his shorts.
As she settles into it, Sherlock Sends a picture of a brooding hen to his brother. Mycroft tries not to react and the weird half-laugh, half-serious expression that passes over his face for a millisecond looks painful enough to make Sherlock snort rudely. Mycroft does his best to hide it behind a pointedly fake cough.
Part One is from Anya's POV. Part Two, mostly John's because there were things about the case Anya would not know yet. I apologize if it is hard to follow, but it was the only way I could make it work in my head.
“I love Grant, Mr. Holmes, with my entire heart. I would never steal from him.” Victor is explaining in a no-nonsense manner when John is able to give the conversation his undivided attention.
Sherlock’s eyes are bright chips of emerald in the yellowish light from the streetlamps that line Baker Street. Evening stretches out around them, muffling the sounds of the city and heralding the calm peace of night. Both men are relatively relaxed after hours of researching via media and on foot, plus an excellent sit-down dinner at their favorite Thai place.
Sherlock locks eyes with the apparition for a long, cold moment. The chilly calculating expression on James’ young features stirs a cauldron of fear deep in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach he thought long buried. His psyche is bombarded with images he’d hoped no one else had ever seen. He swallows, throat gone dry then angrily breaks the staring contest. In the back of his mind, he can hear a high, nasty laugh; he can see a flash of white teeth as he turns his head to look up at John.
...there’s something so fantastical about these men that it drags you into their undertow and gets you caught up in the hurricane, then you ride on a tidal wave the likes you’ve never experienced…and that leaves you physically and emotionally drained...then, as soon as you feel like you can’t take any more, they do something horribly selfless that turns your life upside down
John decides Sherlock looks fucking delicious and he is starving, propriety be damned. He starts to put out a hand and offer his lap, but just as Sherlock starts forward in the seconds before the invitation, the sound of men arguing rolls through the partially-open door at the end of the corridor.
Despite this, Molly stands stock still, her arms beginning to tremble from holding the heart over the scale, waiting on him to verbally pounce. When he remains quiet, she realizes how silly she’s being and goes on to finish the job. Mr. Parker’s heart finally weighed, she calls out the numbers to herself only to turn around and find Sherlock scribbling them down. Well, if he wants to help, she’s not exactly going to refuse it. At least if he’s not talking, the recorder will only pick up her voice.
Martin takes a deep drink from his tea, wishing for a bit of courage. “Alright,” he says, resigned to his fate, “Did you know Sherlock’s name means ‘close-cropped’ or ‘light haired?’”
“What are you hiding from your husband, Victor?” Sherlock asks, his voice pitched low, forcing Victor to actually lean forward a bit in order to hear him, thereby keeping control of the entire exchange. “Surely he knows about your military service, it’s as obvious to me as your Caribbean heritage.”
“Right,” John says aloud, not wanting to be too incredibly rude to this person who snuck into their home.
“Ah, Martin, I never took you to be so forceful. Was it a good kiss?” Sherlock rumbles over Sophie’s giggles.
Once again, Sherlock shakes his head. He goes still for a moment and opens his mouth to reply, but before he can get the words out, Mycroft pushes open the door and pauses dramatically on the threshold, umbrella cocked just so with the point against the tile. In his other hand is a neatly folded pair of blue jeans with a pair of trainers on top of them. John grins at Sherlock’s equally dramatic eye roll then pats the mattress next him, politely asking Sherlock to get out of the unusually submissive posture he’s put himself into.
Not such a straightforward answer to John, though he can sense his partner has seen right through it. Victor taps his fingers against the tabletop.
John Sends towards Trevor when the Dog does his best to dig under the door, paws scratching uselessly at concrete. He sits on his haunches and whines up at John.
Mid-afternoon in London is always the same: when the sun is shining in any manner, people are everywhere. John shouts for Sherlock again, knowing it’s a useless endeavor as his voice barely carries above the din of chatter, honks of automobiles, the loud engines of busses and even the muffled bark of a small dog tucked into a lady’s handbag somewhere.
Even before they were together, there were times when Toby had no choice but to shift, to be able to run free without the restraints and demands of humanity collaring her: Sherlock is much the same.
John gets off the couch and holds his hands out in front of his chest. “Sherlock, seriously, this isn’t a game. I’m really not sure if I should…”
“….really, then, there is no ‘evil’ and ‘good’ the way we have been taught to think of it. Indeed, the very idea is ridiculous. Those two races gave so much to our species, we actually do them quite a bit of disservice by thinking there is some unknown ‘higher power’ floating about in the clouds above our heads…the ‘All Father’ or the ‘Great Mother,’ ‘the one true God’ or even the ‘Heavenly Father,’ really, it’s all down to mistaken identities.”
Just as something heavy thuds to the ground next to him, he hears an angry hiss. John sits up fast, shoving Sherlock’s coat off his shoulders, in order to see that the Cat is standing on his hind legs, front legs extended and toes stretched as far as they are able, smacking at the hairsbreadth of no man’s land that somehow exists between the Osprey’s broad breast and Sherlock’s claws. The Cat’s jaws are wide open, prominently displaying his rather menacing fangs. The Osprey swings its powerful wings in an arc, almost catching the Cat upside the head until the feline ducks to one side then instantly righting himself. Back on four paws, the Cat growls, his ears going flat. He spits as the bird misses another strike, screaming again when its talons meet nothing but empty air.
John grabs a clean towel from the kitchen and hands it to Grant, who gives him back the now-empty mug with a look of sheer horror on his face. “It’s fine, Grant, happens to the best of us,” John offers, flatly ignoring Sherlock’s snort. Grant mops himself up the best he can and returns the rag to John.
The deep green gaze alights on him and in that instant, John knows there’s more happening here than Sherlock is letting show. When he sees the realization dawn on John’s face, he smirks.
“Mrs. Hudson, wait.” There’s a pause, and Sherlock adds a soft “…please.” He turns to John, “I’ll be right back.” John nods and Sherlock follows Martha through the institutional gray door.
In a minute, anyway, it will. He turns towards the airfield that opens up behind them, thankful for the sunglasses he’s wearing as the day has grown dazzlingly bright. A set of shiny little P-51 Mustangs trundle down the tarmac to where they will be parked for the remainder of the show. They travel in a smooth line, their engines humming splendidly and for a moment he wonders why he chose the British Army over the RAF.
John almost smiles at the way Sherlock refuses to give his gift a name. “You are a true psychic, then?”
Douglas Richardson, First Officer for MJN, the tiny charter company from Fitton, UK, is currently suffering through the entire air show with an incredibly chipper Arthur Knapp-Shappey, steward and overall dogsbody for same charter airline, poking him in the ribs every so often to get his attention. It’s like sitting next to a wire-haired terrier that’s been mainlined caffeine. Arthur pokes Douglas hard enough to make him jump and causes his sunglasses to slip right off his face.
Sherlock remains where he is, prone on his back on his sofa, long legs and bare feet hanging over the arm opposite the one his head rests on. He grunts because it is late afternoon and he’s been in the same position for several hours. His back is actually quite stiff and his rear end is numb; not that he’d ever let John in on that fact.
I like to pretend he’s protecting me in some way and I want to ask him about the other girls…but I can’t. I want to believe that some of them got away. Perhaps the men who
Even with prior warning, it takes a full second for John to get himself under control and realize that the cacophony he can hear over his own pounding heartbeat is a dog barking. Dropping his hands to his sides, he edges toward the bedroom and slowly opens the door. Behind it, a small white terrier of some flavor is standing on its hind legs with its front paws resting on the wood. It barks joyfully at him, pink tongue hanging out its mouth.
“No! Not now!” Sherlock growls, grabbing at his curls with both hands. John moves out of the way to avoid being clocked by Sherlock’s head when he sits up.
She’s stretched out on the sofa in the sitting room and suddenly the world is filled with colors. Perhaps she can rainbow to catch up and Sherlock will digestives listen and he will share purple with her all the chaos in his silly brain his super swift treacle intelligent mind that mushrooms and pizza and American telly I like rock and roll on the jukebox Mummy what’s this for? It is cold in here and I need to build a fire… red fire is so pretty…thank you Jimmy, you can be a good help chocolate bars Sherlock always knows what pudding we are going to say before we say it…did I tell you orange Mycroft said sometimes not the truth our dead uncle and…
"The song is about a ballerina, you're a ballerina, I like the song, and I like you." Sherlock blushed, smiling shyly at John. "Dance with me?" John asked, reaching out to Sherlock with a grin. "I'm no where near as good as you, but my dad taught me a few things before he bailed." Sherlock timidly took his hand, and John heard the taller boy gasp softly as he pulled him close and started swaying to the music.
“You know, I can normally read everything about a man from his Life Force.” Moriarty was lounging in a chair across the room, running his fingers over a large console. “All I have to do is press this button.” The man pressed a large green button and John felt his body convulse in pain as the sound ripped through him. He writhed against his bonds, feeling the bones in his broken knee grind painfully. “But with you, nothing. Not even a sliver of energy within your soul.” He released John from the twisted song and came to stand before him, gripping John’s chin and forcing him to crane his neck to meet his eyes.
“I’ve got to go, before the third sun rises. I’ll call when I reach E3.” Mike nodded, stepping back and letting John go. He climbed aboard his small Star Sailor and pushed off the dock, activating his O2 collar and unraveling his sails.
“John?” Sherlock stepped closer to the young man, trying to fight the hope that was welling in his chest. There was no way John should be able to see him, the bond was broken. The closer he got to John, the darker the dread in his chest became. John couldn’t see him. He was staring through Sherlock and out the door. He straightened his shoulders and took a shuddering breath. John Watson was safe, that was all that mattered.
“I am completely vulnerable, lost, and have no idea of human customs and I kissed you. I left myself open for you to take your pleasure from me and you walked away. You left Mikey because you wanted to die and didn’t want to hurt him. You killed a man to save your baby sister. You, John Watson, are not a bad man.” John watched Sherlock for a moment, something changing in his eyes.
“No! Please! Somebody, help! Help! Let me go!” He screamed, kicking and thrashing against the creature that pinned him down.
"Yes, and it's those nights when she is restless. It's far too much sugar for her just yet." Sherlock snapped, grabbing for the second biscuit. John held it just out of reach, a feat considering how lanky the other man was, and grabbed Sherlock's wrist. "John, give me the biscuit."
“We can discuss the logistics later, when you are ready to go back to work. For now, let’s just say that whatever this is, it is what it is.” Sherlock grinned, leaning down and kissing John tenderly. “Sound good Gorgeous?”
“A lot. I can’t sustain it for too long. I just wanted to see if it would work.” Sherlock pulled his hand away, and John fought back the flash of disappointment that followed. Sherlock shifted closer, leaving only inches between them, the man and the ghost.
“Please, give him back. I’ll stay like this, just please don’t take him from me.” Mary smiled sadly, taking John’s hands in her own. “Please Mary. I-I love him.”
“Sher-” His world faded to black as he heard Sherlock shouting for Mrs. Hudson to phone an ambulance.
Sherlock Holmes was the definition of perfect, and John was a short, scarred ex-soldier with PTSD and a messed-up shoulder.
“John.” Sherlock whispered, sounding as breathless and wrecked as John felt. “Talk to me John. Please say something.” John could hear how ragged his breathing had become and had no doubt he looked completely disheveled. He managed to make one of his arms move, wrapping his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulling him close, lips just barely brushing the Siren’s.
"If you insist." The words flew from his mouth before he could stop them and he instantly regretted it. John turned to him, the confusion on his face evident in one of those adorable expressions he tended to get.
It wasn't that he didn't want to be with John, his mind's constant imagining what it would be like assured him that he definitely wanted to. But the stories and information he had found online gave him pause. There was a lot that could go wrong with anal sex, especially for minors.
They danced through a few songs, holding each other close as John sang quietly along with the music. A familiar set of notes echoed through the gym, pulling a grin onto Sherlock's lips. He pulled back, laughing along with John as the rest of the Rugby team crowded around them, singing loudly.
“I don’t care if you aren’t ready to say it back, I-I just want you- need you to know.” Sherlock sat up turning around and straddling John’s legs and kissing him deeply. “God, I’m so sorry Sherlock. No one deserves that. Fuck, I want to kill the son of a bitch!” Sherlock smiled through his tears and cupped John’s face, placing soft kisses over his lips and cheeks.
"I-I would never- he said-" John shook his head, kissing Sherlock again, slightly deeper than before. "Everyone thinks-"
“Jesus fucking Christ! Sherlock Holmes where the Hell have you been?” Sherlock winced and avoided John’s shocked eyes.
"Well, she wasn't very subtle about that, was she?" Sherlock huffed, glaring at the small stack of napkins that Mary had placed beside the plate. John glanced down, blushing when he saw the number scrawled on the top napkin.
“Mary. Mary please.” John whispered, calling out for the Enchantress, praying that she would hear him. That she was listening.
“Maybe he will come back.” John could hear in the clock’s voice that he didn’t believe his own words.
Sherlock’s Song pierced his Life Force one last time, the shock of pleasure sending his release crashing over him. He wasn’t sure, lost in the intense pleasure that wracked his frame, but a part of him told him the keening sound had come from his throat as he dropped his head back and spilled between them.
"Fuck me Daddy, please-" Sherlock's words dissolved into a loud keening sound as John pushed in fully, burying himself within Sherlock's body. He only had a second to adjust to the sensation before John was pulling out again, driving himself into Sherlock's body with quick, firm thrusts that stimulated his prostate easily.
"I-I'm sorry." Sherlock mumbled, his voice soft and shaky. John looked up to find the boy glaring miserably at something in the distance.
“I-I- I have to- I-I can’t-” He pushed himself out of John’s arms, mind reeling as he fled from the room.
It took them six days to reach E6, John’s urgency to help Sherlock making him push his boat faster than necessary. Sherlock stayed in his human form, ignoring John’s pleas for him to return to his true form. John knew how uncomfortable it had to be for the Siren to stay confined to that body, but Sherlock refused, never offering an explanation.
John blinked awake, taking a moment to remember where he was before carefully extracting himself from his boyfriend's arms. Sherlock was still sleeping, so John quietly snuck out of the room, hoping he could throw together a quick breakfast before the boy woke up.
"John!" The urgency in Mikey's tone startled John out of his thoughts. His friend stopped before him, his face red and breathing fast enough for it to be unhealthy.
"I'm assuming everything is in here?" Sherlock nodded, reaching for the duffel and digging out the little black bag. He set his duffel on the floor and handed John the bag, his nerves starting to return as it finally registered that this was happening. "Do you- I-I mean- top or bottom?" John's cheeks darkened and he chuckled nervously.
“But John-” He shot a glare at the student that shushed him. “I like making you smile.” John blushed and focused on his laptop, trying to ignore the smug grin Sherlock was pointing at him.
He watched the fire burn late into the night, listening to his castle breathing around him. Greg was right, they didn’t have much longer before the final petal fell and the odds of breaking the curse were looking dimmer every day.
"I know, he's not forcing me into anything. I'm just- I'm scared. I read that it hurts-" Mrs. Hudson cradled his head and pressed a sweet kiss to his temple.
“What are you talking about?” Victor queries, frowning at the teenager who is practically taking up the entire space on the King-sized bed not covered by books, papers and what he’s sure is a bag of dead mice.
John winces against the thought of the hot liquid scalding the soft tissues of someone’s esophagus then shrugs and pulls up a chair beside his husband but effectively between Himself and House.
The first thing John notices when he steps through the glossy red door is that the restaurant smells divine. A slight whiff of fried dough along with freshly-chopped oranges and peppers as well as the sweet/sour tang of soy sauce greets him like an old friend. The second thing he notices is that not only can he Feel Sherlock, he can almost smell the man, which is absolutely ludicrous because of all of the other scents in the place. He crosses the dining room to grab a table in the back corner, one of the wooden benches with the lovely scrollwork along the arms.
John is quiet, deciding what will be the best course of action. He could feign exhaustion, which would be true, but, the reality is that they are never going to be able to move forward into whatever their next step should be if he continues not
Douglas grins and drops his arm around Martin’s shoulders and the men go back to watching the aerial display and discussing random topics.
“He’s the real thing, John, a bona fide psychic. Look him up. I’ll go out with Dale tomorrow if you don’t mind holding down the fort?”
John can hear someone moving about on the other side of the plane and he notices that the smell of welding material is thick in the air. Sherlock is heading in that direction, but he’s too far from John to stop him without making any noise and calling attention to them. Following the detective’s footsteps, John can’t stop the impulse to reach out and gently run his hand along the smooth metal; the machine is warm to the touch.
Cutting through the frigid November night like the devil’s on his heels, Sherlock rushes up the steps, shoving the door aside so that it bangs against the wall in his wake. Everything is moving slowly as if through molasses, John is….oh god, no. On the sofa, John is wrapping his lips around the business end of his service weapon…the gun he’s cared for so well that it gleams dully in the cast off light from the window and Sherlock cannot move fast enough to stop him when he pulls the trigger.
A little shiver runs down Sherlock’s spine at the word ‘home.’ He fights himself not to simply Change right there and curl up in John’s lap in order to sleep off his now full belly. Sherlock shakes his head but doesn’t move.
John decides that it is possible for one’s rear end to go completely numb thanks to the hard wooden bench he is currently perched on. He’s resting against the cold cement wall with his head tilted back slightly and eyes closed because he doesn’t need to look at Sherlock to be able to tell that the detective has his knees pulled up to his chest with his arms wrapped around them.
John, glad to see someone else doesn't mind Sherlock's lack of personal space, crosses the room and joins Martin leaning on the wall facing the aircraft.
Sherlock half-crawls in a crouch towards a wall and puts it at his back so that he can face the door, noting a large vent in the floor next to where he was lying. A faint wisp of steam is emanating from it. With a frown, he concentrates, picturing his fingers reaching out for an invisible thread, not unlike a strand of human DNA. When nothing happens, he switches tactics with a frown, deciding that even though he’s unable to Reach Lestrade, surely Mycroft will answer.
and right now I just need some space to breathe. I could go back to my little place, but I don’t want to be alone, either.
Sherlock-I’m-going-to-strangle-him-with-my-bare-hands-Holmeshas pulled one of the two chairs in the room up alongside John’s cot. Though Martha cannot make out the words, it is obvious he is talking a mile a minute, his torso tilting towards the right a little from where his arm is tucked beneath John’s shoulders. John’s eyes are closed, he is either truly asleep or listening intently to Sherlock’s rumbly baritone. Sherlock’s head is bowed over John, obviously creating a shield between John and the rest of the world.
The way Sherlock Holmes sent him away! Just bloody well dismissed him! As if he were an outsider, someone who knows nothing about the ‘other’ worlds that exist alongside…
These two—actually, no, once I really think about it—these three. These three people have affected more lives than I think they are fully conscious of. Perhaps John understands it, but I don’t think Mrs. Hudson or Sherlock do. Billy and Ginny talk about them like they’re Batman and Robin…even Jacob likes them. He talks about Sherlock’s older brother, too, but I’ve never met him, so I don’t have an opinion about that.
“That was…” John starts, quickly running out of the words to describe the crystalline labyrinth of emotions running amok about the room and lighting up their Link as if it were on fire. He looks down into Sherlock’s face, mouth open slightly, lips red and eyes clear, taking in
“Alright. So, in short, two stupid teenagers decide to do something stupid. Big surprise. I think I can speak for Victor in some small ways because, Sherlock, did you even realize that he was in love with you?” John asks, straightforward even though he’s not entirely comfortable discussing this.
The only sound for a few moments is the cracking sound of two men valiantly trying to ignore their tears; trying to pretend neither of them have looked into a future, each without the other and decided he could not live alone.
Sherlock tries to scream, to plead for reality, but his voice is gone, lost in the smoky wind kicked up from the ferocity of the flames licking greedily at the walls surrounding them. Ophelia twists in his arms, her body all scales and sinew as she grips his shoulders, claws sinking in to her fingertips, raising bloody welts. Sherlock doesn’t question his lack of clothing, only his inability to save his little sister.
Surely there’s been a mistake. Surely Victor did not actually go into the bank and take seventy-five thousand pounds out of their account in cold, hard cash. Grant smiles a little to himself at the Americanism, one of the items on a very long list of things about Victor that he absolutely adores.
John lets her go, shakes his head and leans against the wall. He crosses his arms over his chest and points his chin in House’s direction. “House, put it away. You do have a job to do.”
Carolyn Knapp-Shappey, CEO of MJN, stares right back. “I most certainly am not going to hire someone to pilot GERTI based on your recommendation that he is
“Sherlock?” John asks once Mycroft is gone. It appears, however, that Sherlock is either sound asleep or faking it incredibly well. Their Link has noticeably switched from a discordant buzz to a weaker version of its normal hum, which leads John to believe he’s really out cold. Smiling a little, John prods, pushes and pulls until he’s flat on his back with his head and the pillow and tucks Sherlock against his side, curving an arm around the drowsy man’s shoulders. Truly, there’s probably no harm in taking a bit of nap before he checks himself out.
“It’s fine, Mr. Thompson.” Thirteen croons, patting the man’s hand. “Can you tell us how that object got into your throat?”
After a minute of mute Holmes’ posturing, the short, rather rotund officer with the keys clears his throat from behind them. As one, the two men step apart, leaving just barely enough space for the man to fit through in order to unlock the door. He has to step over their toes: one heavily polished pair of loafers and a pair of dusty black work boots.
John’s sure those shoes were brand new once upon a time, like about 1983 or so. But thinking about old trainers makes him thinks about other things that he doesn’t want to deal with at the moment, so he turns his attention back to his husband, who is once again peering at the paper in his hands like a near-sighted squirrel with a bad nut.
Closing his eyes, John shoves all thoughts aside of Victor and Sherlock as young men and concentrates on the man as he is now, sitting on one of their heavily abused kitchen chairs, a bit out of his element. John holds onto that once-all-too-familiar feeling and accepts it as something they have in common outside of the Were most certainly watching the proceedings from the sofa. John can hear a soft mewl but ignores it as he Searches.
“What?!” John finally snipes, stuffing the catalog into the pocket of the seat in front of him hard enough that the man in it turns around and offers up some stink eye. John gives it right back and is on the verge of offering him the international sign of peace and brotherhood when Sherlock grabs both of John’s wrists, effectively dragging those Watsonian baby blues straight up to his own eyes.
Sherlock nods, “I did.” He wants to say so much more, about how John effectively saved both of their lives by being the coolly logical one there at the pool…he is currently still so overwhelmed that he doesn’t have the words.
John looks up to see Sherlock’s rear end facing in his direction from where the detective is bent at the waist inspecting some tiny piece of evidence on the other body. John does his best not to seem too interested in that particular piece of Sherlock’s anatomy and goes back to the file to do as he’s bid.
He doesn’t have to go too far, casting about in the psi-darkness of his own mind until suddenly, there’s a brightness, a color that’s different from Sherlock’s…he latches onto it and a new warmth, not as comfortable as his Link with the detective’s, floods his system. Trying hard to remember things taught and long forgotten and secretly wishing he’d had time to prepare for today’s random weirdness, John forces the light to move into a single beam, blocking it off from everything else. Now he can clearly make out the brightest light that is their Link, separate but alongside this new, temporary one.
“What happened to you?” John queries, gently lifting one of Victor’s eyelids in turn to check his pupils. “You don’t seem to have a concussion, though you did say they hit you in the head?”
John regards Sherlock through half-lidded eyes. He doesn’t quite know what to say. Part of him wants to reach back in time and slap some sense into the idiot teenaged genius-or at least the ability to confess; the other part of him fights to rally between that betrayal and the possibility that it could still find a way to happen to them.
Just then, John turns to look back at him over his scarred shoulder. Sherlock recoils in horror at what presents itself because he is not seeing John’s face at all, merely a young Jim Moriarty the way he was, except now with the added vicious bonus of twisting John’s features into a macabre parody of the unnamed affection normally found there; John’s skin is scarlet in the places where Moriarty seems to be pushing outward from the depths that will surely warp John’s bones. Instead of small, white teeth, he know possesses a full complement of razor sharp fangs. The worst of it all, even after all of this, are how John’s steely blue eyes are the color of blood.
Sherlock freezes on the spot, held by the unusually cold tone and the shuttering, slamming sound of John closing his channels.
“Anywhere from fourteen to twenty-one days on the smallest one here.” John pokes at the x-ray with his index finger.
Arthur smiles again then and the whole room around them is that much brighter for it. He grabs a chair from the table behind them and pulls it over to the edge of the one they are at, effectively blocking the aisle. His legs are so long that he practically has to fold them double in order to get them under the table.
“I’m not sure what is happening at the moment, though I do believe you’ll all be glad to find out why I called you all here.” Says a politely clipped accent from the doorway as there’s a dull thump against the industrial carpet.
A week later, Ophelia takes Jimmy up on his offer and tries the cocaine. She tries to tell herself it is so she can experience what Sherlock is going through, maybe find out what it is that is so noisy inside his head that he has to shut it up. In the first few seconds before her body reacts to the foreign substance, she makes up more than one excuse, but in truth, she is simply a lonely thirteen year old stuck in a big old house with no one to talk to most of the time but a pair of malicious ghosts and a strung out brother.
“Come here,” John orders and they flip around so that he can massage Sherlock’s tight muscles, glad to be able to take away some of the tension from the day. When the detective sighs and drops his head, he suggests they take a shower before they head out to the show grounds to find everyone else. He’s got more than one motive, naturally: besides the closeness they can share for a while, the hot water should also help Sherlock’s neck and shoulders.
Ah, there it is, Molly thinks. She shrugs. “It doesn’t matter, I’m just letting you know I’m here to listen.”
“Well, that took long enough!” Mrs. Hudson exclaims as she bustles into the kitchen, wiping her hands on the pink, flowery apron she’s wearing. She looks over at the puffs then down at me and frowns. In an instant, she’s pulling out the other chair and lifting both my feet and carefully setting them down on the seat; she glares at my boots but doesn’t say anything. I know they aren’t the most stylish things out there, but they fit me well and the soles are tough enough to withstand the strain of being out in the street.
I can’t help it, I’m laughing again and so hard this time that a sharp pain lances its way across my side under my ribcage. I double over but the very idea of Billy Wiggins being a ruthless villain from a Batman episode is simply too hilarious to pass by. I can just see his dirty-blond hair sticking up like a weird topknot. God, I wish I could draw.
“Daddy! Dad, Dad, Dad! Did you see the air-oh-planes? Oh my gosh! Uncle Mikey brought me this weird fried dough thing called a fumble cake and
Sherlock pushes off the wall with a dramatic flourish. Martin’s not stupid, he’s seen his brother in the papers and knows what that would look like if he had been wearing that ridiculous coat. When they were younger, they’d found some old clothes in the attic and after that, Sherlock had worn their grandfather’s old brown trench coat until he’d torn it to shreds climbing trees.
John’s fingers dig into his back, from either passion or pain, Sherlock is unsure. For a single heartbeat, Sherlock stops, mind and body waiting on John to say…what, he doesn’t know, but he is patient, even with the pulsing of their Link in his mind, shooting out dark green tendrils so thin as to be transparent, a temporal illusion proving the reality of what is happening.
“Oh god,” he wipes at his eyes. Mycroft and Sherlock are staring at him as if he’s grown another head.
“Oh go on, you old badger,” the woman shoos Kevin away with her towel. “I’m Ruthie,” she says, reaching out to pat Sherlock on the hand, “and you are Sherlock Holmes.” Ruthie turns towards John, who is tucking into his breakfast with gusto. “And you are Doctor Watson.”
“Yes,” John croaks, determined not to argue that it isn’t pronounced Low-penny and should be Lop-knee. Somehow he feels that his words would fall on deaf ears anyway. The stranger’s beautiful lips are moving and John realizes then that he’s still staring.
John shakes his head as if trying to put the new information in some sort of order. “Why have we never met?” he finally gets out, ignoring the obvious question about the Holmes family and names.
John nods, Sherlock settles back down. Instead of sleeping however, he rests quietly, occasionally touching the marks on his neck covetously and contemplates what it means to be completely devastated by someone, broken into a trillion pieces, and then so carefully put back together.
Sherlock sits up and raises his arm so that the little girl is left dangling. Her face is red from laughing so hard and her hair is a disaster area.
Soon they are in a morgue across town from the airfield, staring down at an otherwise unnamed healthy petite brunette female. Outwardly, her body is virtually unscathed, her manicure intact, face unblemished. John notices no contusions on her; she’s even without the light bruising like the ones Martin suffered yesterday. That is to be expected though: corpses don’t bruise. However, one fact they didn’t have yesterday has now been made perfectly clear:
Thomas puts his arm around my shoulders and the two men talk over my head. The tall man calls him by another name, one I don’t recognize and their hands touch and so do their eyes. It is all quite fascinating but when I realize that Thomas is leading me towards the door the world goes funny and then there is nothing but blackness and silence.
In his dream, John considers this for a moment before the detective shoos him away. Sherlock’s lips are moving, but John cannot make out the words, all he can see is lean muscle tensing and relaxing beneath sparsely haired skin that must be as hot as the middle of a bonfire built high in the center of a wintry field.
“Sherlock?” John queries groggily, his eyes flying open and body instantly going tense when he notices another person in the vicinity.
The lock opens with a snick and Sherlock silently pushes the door open then leaves it that way. They gaze at each other, to in tune to not notice that the air in here feels different, heavier. John fervently wishes for his sidearm, but it’s back home safely tucked into its locked box in its hiding place.
The Cat stands up on his hind legs in John’s in order to bump his head against the bottom of John’s chin. John smiles at him and strokes the silky fur down his back. With the other hand, he retrieves his tea in order to take a sip of it. Sherlock purrs as he’s curling up. He gives a very human-sounding sigh and John rests his head on the back of the chair, preparing to Accept whatever Sherlock is going to show him.
Well, it’s like this. I work for this detective who lives here in London, except for that time he had to leave, but he’s here now and I don’t think he’s going anywhere like that ever again…anyway, I’m sort of like the ‘ears and eyes of the city’…or at least that’s what he says; yet he calls John the ‘romantic.’
“You son of a bitch! You kidnapped the wrong one! What kind of moronic single-brain cell wonder are you, anyway? I even gave you a description! This one is good, but not. The. Right. One!” She ear-splittingly growls and spits in anger like a wet cat deprived of someone to claw in self-righteous indignation.
More applause. John Watson rolls over on the couch, curling up and tucking his face against the back cushions. On the television, Doctor Stamford is still talking.
Martin laughs nervously, knowing that they are all still watching him. “Obviously,” Sherlock and Mycroft both cock an eyebrow at their brother. “I work for Triple W Wingwalkers out of Fitton, I’m sure it’s such a small place you’ve never heard of it…”
Sherlock nods his agreement and lets her back to the ground. He holds out his hand to her and takes her little one in his big one. When he smiles softly at John, John wonders if the little fluttering sensation in his chest is ever going to stop.
John stills right where he stands, fingers of his right hand curved around the cool, rounded handle of the door, his phone lying across the palm of his left. A strange sensation starts in the base of his spine but soon grows, until it is almost as if fingers are splayed over the small of his back. He remains where he is for a few more moments, then trudges wearily back to the bed on the pretense of resting, though he knows full well that if given even a fraction of a chance, he’ll take it and be right out the door.
John unconsciously scans the room for possible witnesses and wonders vaguely where the coroner could be. Sergeant Penn has remained outside the morgue even when Barkley and Sherlock got louder, seemingly quite unconcerned by the whole ordeal. Perhaps this is their normal way of handling things?
House is breathing hard and leaning awkwardly on his bad leg. Sherlock’s eyes narrow. John tilts his head towards Sherlock, then looks to Lestrade, a question in his expression.
Only, there isn’t any wind. Well, now, that seriously changes things, doesn’t it? Slowly, he turns around to face the cottage. The front of the little house has been overtaken by ivy very similar to that carved on the bench. Recently, however, some of it has been cut back so it doesn’t hang over the windows. Which, in this case, is really a bad thing because when Grant gets an eyeful of the thing that is making the odd noise, he screams and takes off running in the direction of his house.
John doesn’t answer, but whether he simply lacks the willpower or is too far gone remains to be seen. Sherlock shifts slightly until John’s cock, the tip dotted with precome, pushes against Sherlock’s flat belly with each thrust of his fingers.
When they come up for air John is on the floor on his knees, the sun worshiping the moon. Sherlock is curled around him, one broad palm on either side of his neck as if he’s afraid to move too far out of his orbit. John leans forward and smiles, his hands grasping the strong, lean thighs that cage him. Each time Sherlock moves, he can feel the play of the muscles beneath thin black trousers.
Barkley merely snorts and makes snide comments under his breath with every word that comes out of Sherlock’s mouth. The officer stares coldly at Sherlock with every deduction he throws out about the woman. Just past her thirtieth birthday, two kids, a dog, a parrot, husband. She seems so normal, at least in John’s eyes.
“Well, yeah. You’re the best thing that ever happened to Sherlock, besides Sophie and there’s no way I’m going to be responsible for…”
John cocks an eyebrow at his detective, a bit of a smile touches his lips and he grasps Sherlock’s hand. “You kept him informed?”
For a brief time, there’s a relaxed mutual understanding between the brothers, both respecting what they’ve lost. Finally, Mycroft clears his throat and stretches his fingers as if trying to warm his hand. Sherlock gives him a single nod of understanding.
.” He yanks at the mildew covered clasp until it gives by falling onto the floor. Captain and Lestrade move back, Thirteen and House step in closer. Sherlock opens the trunk and leans over it. When he stands back up, he’s holding another one of the long, black, ropey things complete with the black orchid on the end of it.
At the opposite end of the viewing line from where the MJN crew is taking in the aerial show, Sherlock is sitting in the grass with Sophie. She’s standing up, her back braced against his chest so that she can watch the planes overhead. A pair of adult sunglasses hangs from the pocket of her denim shorts. Sherlock’s got one hand flat on the ground and the other grasping Sophie’s ankle, supporting the girl.
“Bloody hell!” John grits out between his teeth when Sherlock nips a little too hard before letting go.
Sherlock decides to trust his intuition and raises his legs, circling John’s waist with them and hooking his ankles together to firmly align their clothed cocks together. It is almost too much, almost painful and certainly not enough.
Martin sits at the table on the roof, staring into the starlit sky. There’s a faint breeze blowing, gently lifting the curls at the back of his neck, a smile plastered across his face as Douglas walks towards him carrying their drinks: a glass of wine for Martin and a Shirley Temple for himself. Douglas is wearing a pair of white trousers, black uniform shoes, a crisply-ironed light blue button down and a merry twinkle in his eyes.
(It’s hard to be a genius when your audience thinks that sometimes, just sometimes mind you, that you can be a raucous piece of shite.)
In what seems like no time at all, there is a lean, solid chest pressing against his back, a gentle dragging of teeth on his neck. Broad palms skate up his side, across his belly to finally rest on his hips, pulling him backwards into Sherlock. Neither man is aroused yet the simple action of being touched makes John oddly boneless so he goes with it and sags against his partner. Wordlessly, they move apart and clean themselves up. It is soon apparent to John that Sherlock has been just as on edge these past three weeks as he has. There’s nothing for it, he thinks, as he raises up on his toes to press their lips together.
Now he knows the truth. It is out there, for better or for worse, as they say. He now carries with him the knowledge of Ophelia’s untimely death, Redbeard’s short life, and all of my personal sins. To say that this changes everything is surely an understatement. An understatement it would also be to make any effort to convey my own shock as he quickly grasped the entire situation is also more than a misnomer. Some of the weight of the thing seems to have shifted from me. I do not have the words to describe this phenomenon.
Douglas nods his agreement. As they pass behind the two Holmes brothers, he notices that John reaches out for Sherlock’s hand, even though the detective has them clasped behind his back. There’s a quick squeeze of fingers and before he knows it, John’s started the golf cart and they are headed towards the guard shack. He looks back to see Sherrinford and Sherlock jogging around the backside of the hangar.
A flash of pain through his head, perhaps the beginning of a migraine, stops him from giving in to the lustful impulses. Sherlock shifts from foot to foot, oddly silent, uncharacteristically patient.
Irritated with the lack of an answer to his description, John settles himself on the end of the mattress. He thought he’d been getting better at this observing things business, perhaps not. Sherlock’s shoes begin to slide away from him and he watches, more fascinated than he’ll admit, as the man himself slowly slithers up so that he is kneeling between John’s legs. And oh my god, isn’t that a sight? John’s heart decides to start a new rhythm and he swallows around a tongue that suddenly weighs a ton.
Over her shoulder, Mycroft shakes his head from side to side silently, his disbelief palpable. Mummy continues to caress Sherlock’s hand; she continues talking, too, unaware that both siblings have quite literally tuned her out.
“You know I want you,” Victor mumbles against Sherlock’s mouth. The younger boy’s hands answer for him as he unzips and yanks down Victor’s jeans.
When he doesn’t say anything else for a moment, she perches on the arm of his chair, caging her small hand in his bigger ones. She waits, knowing that it always takes him a little bit to calm his racing heart and bend his mind to his will. That doesn’t happen this time, however.
John finishes his business and washes his hands in the old sink, taking a moment to appreciate the marble basin and handcrafted mirror frame hanging above it. Out of the corner of his eye, he thinks he sees a bit of movement but just as quickly he writes it off as wishful thinking. There’s nothing here, at least now anyway. Maybe he was so exhausted the other night that he fantasized the whole thing? He dries his hands on a tiny pink and green floral print towel that smells like lilacs, thinking that he’ll have to excuse himself in an effort to try and get on with his day.
“Allegedly, a woman named Mrs. Hudson is being haunted by the ghosts of her murderous dead husband’s victims. Since you don’t have anything on at the moment, are you still interested in coming with me?”
“It looks like we’re meeting in here.” A sharp English accent trickles down the corridor that leads to House’s office. The accent is soon followed by a medium-build woman with her hair freshly done in cornrows, tiny clear beads woven into the intricate design. She’s wearing dark blue jeans and a white button-up top, clearly dressed to enjoy a bit of holiday.
“Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re thinking, but stop eyeing the walls.” John’s voice is a bit stronger now, less gruff and closer to his usual warm tenor.
A faint beep from behind the wall between the morgue and Molly’s office goes off. A printer, Sherlock notes, and though his eyes are still on John, he considers Molly’s constant presence this morning. He has to grudgingly admit that it has been a balm to his shaken soul. He’s always appreciated that about her, even if he’s never said it out loud: as awkward as she can be, she generally knows when to be as quiet as a mouse. Naturally.
Sherlock is there at this shoulder before he can say another word. He takes the end of the rope (that’s what John’s calling it in his head and so that’s good enough for me) and pulls it away from John’s hands. All stretched out, it is about a foot long and the origami-flower-looking-end is about four inches in diameter.
Not like he was invited to do the swooping in the first place: he just did it. Like everyone else on the airfield today, he saw the crash earlier. After watching it, and
John doesn’t flinch, in fact, doesn’t move a muscle when House tells him flat out, “Monk is no friend of mine.”
“Yeah, I bet you do,” Victor raises a white-gold eyebrow, “I can imagine what you look like under those clothes.” He indicates Sherlock’s jeans with a jab of his chin.
They all look at each other. House moves first, going around behind his desk and grabbing the rather moth-eaten duffel bag he’s got under it; completely ignoring Sherlock, who has dropped into his chair. He rummages through the bag until he finds another pair of equally moth-eaten jeans and an old Rolling-Stones T-shirt that only has artful holes in it. He ignores everyone else as he pulls the clothing on and steps barefoot into a pair of trainers from the bottom of the bag.
John fixes himself another cuppa and, after taking note that the Cat has returned to his curled-up state on John’s chair, this time with a full belly, he allows his mind to wander.
Sherlock stares at John for a moment, John knowing full well the detective’s mind is off on another plane of existence. When he blinks and his eyes soften, John smiles. Sherlock grips John’s knee then pats his thigh.
“Now, you sit there and be a good boy for me, alright?” Barkley says in strange tone that seems a mix between anger and pride. He reaches in and buckles Martin into the seat then steps back. “I’m standing on a footstool, so don’t try anything stupid.”
John nods, gasping as those long fingers slip out of his body. Sherlock pushes his trousers down off his hips, leaving enough of the leather for John to feel against the backs of his naked thighs, but making sure the zipper’s dangerous teeth are out of the way. He lines himself up and takes his time sliding in, enjoying every single second of the drag of overheated, hard skin against slick, smooth, quivering muscle.
By the time they make it down another corridor, this one strangely bereft of any hospital staff (cue the mysterious music)(which is funny), John is visibly shaking in his boots (funny? Not so much.)
House frowns but decides that’s too weird a request to ignore, so he moves to the side of the bed and without any type of hi-howdoya-do he pulls back the sheet. The soles of Mr. Thompson’s feet are relatively normal with lines and old scars: no tattooing of any kind at all. Sherlock steps in for a closer look: there’s nothing between his toes, either.
Sherlock answers him by pushing himself off the bed with his hands and tilting his head in order to cover John’s lips with his own.
Eventually, John finds himself in his bed, alone, considering this new advent in his life and for once being able to replay a few of his memories from a more detached point of view. As he begins to fall asleep, it occurs to him that it is probably no coincidence that Sherlock Shifts into a cat.
“What?” Sherlock asks, a bit dumbfounded and though it is hard to miss, apparently rendered a bit slow by the misdirection of blood flow from his brain to parts much more southerly.
“Yes. I trust him, Douglas,” John tells him, squinting a little and holding his hand over his eyes. “I think it’s that one.” He points towards a small building, a hut really, beside the entrance gate to the airfield.
Sherlock stills for a few seconds then wraps his arms around John’s naked body, kneading John’s buttocks with his hands. John rolls his hips forward, curious, but Sherlock shakes his head against John’s neck. John understands instantly, because he knows he needs a little more rest before going again.
John remains where he is, only shifting a bit to get off of his knees in order to rest his bum against the floor. In this manner, he can allow his hands to rest on Sherlock’s thighs, yet still allow him space to consider his answer.
With that, the consulting detective stands, almost dropping his coat. He hurriedly yanks it back over his arm and throws open the door, but not before Greg catches Sherlock’s odd expression. He’s gone as fast as he appeared, leaving Greg to wonder what it was that he saw that changed his mind about confiding in him, because Greg Lestrade is no fool, he knows he’s one of the few people Sherlock talks to and even though the youngest Holmes usually makes some snide remark or pretends to ignore Greg, the DI knows when his words are taken to heart. Not today, though.
“Go on, then.” John agrees, and Sherlock turns back around. Instantly, John spreads his hands over Sherlock’s broad shoulders, not massaging, just resting them there.
: stacks of papers, books everywhere, his and his laptops, and random detritus from whichever case just ended plus the addition of a new one or sometimes more than that under way. There’s nothing pinned to the wall over the sofa at the moment, just the yellow smiley doing is job by hanging there and trying to make everything better.
“That was my plane!” Sherrinford yells again, pointing towards what's left of the hanger, then shuts up when John steps forward and hugs him.
“I have to ask, John, how often is Sherlock wrong?” They cross the grounds at a good clip, headed back towards the hangars.
In less time than he has to think about it, Sherlock neatly pins John against the wall, caging him with both arms and tilting his hips in order to slot them against one another. He grinds slowly against John, forcing a long sigh of desire from his husband’s lips.
“Awww, don’t be like that.” Ophelia states as she drops off the back of the couch to the cushions below, crossing her legs. “I’m tired of seeing you so alone.”
Their Link is alive, saffron and mustard and bright red balloons of color lighting up behind his closed eyes. A snatch of an old song runs through his mind,
Sherlock smacks the wood with his palm. “No, not now. I need to be alone. For the moment, I’m tired of the dead.”
Sherlock makes an odd sound in the back of his throat as he grabs the back of John’s head and hauls him downward towards his mouth. Licking his way in, he swallows every sound of pleasure he teases out of John, until John’s incredibly warm palm and practiced surgeon’s fingers are wrapped around his prick. He unselfconsciously rolls his hips upward, searching for more friction as he drowns in John’s mouth. Sherlock is caught there as if hanging in time, between the delicious feel and taste of John and the intense wave of his own pleasure as John skillfully strokes him.
Even with all that proof, John isn’t one hundred percent convinced that what they’ve been experiencing are human spirits. He’s got his own thoughts about the whole thing, yet there’s never been a good time to discuss them with anyone other than Mike. They’ve known each other for more than twenty years and on most subjects Mike doesn’t say too much, but about the existence of the spirit world he is absolutely adamant.
“Thanks,” Dale tells him as he accepts it. “I’ll run these in the morning and get back to you tomorrow.” Dale stubs out his cigarette in the battered ash tray on the table and takes his leave.
The second report of paper outlines Roger’s sister, a thirty-seven year old female named Maya. Maya was also a Were, her shift was a Capybara, another large rodent found in the Caribbean and South America.
“A Class Three is. You just saw it. Actually, I’m not even going to handle this one, I know a couple of siblings who are best at sorting the angry ones*.” There’s the distinct sound of thumbs flying over the keyboard of a mobile as Sherlock rapidly sends a text message. “I hope they’re both going to come this time…”
“Thank you. We’ll be back in…” he says, catching Sherlock’s eye, “about two hours. I need to get cleaned up.”
Victor still has his doubts, but he’s very well aware of the fact that he has lost this argument completely, because Sherlock pulls off his black t-shirt and tosses it into the corner of the room somewhere. Victor grabs him by the shoulders and kisses him again, this time long, hot and sloppy.
In Sherlock’s silent, musk-scented bedroom, endearments are whispered and two good men, a Shapeshifter and an Anchor, learn that together, they are Great men and what they will accomplish together is unlimited by nothing save for their own eventual humanity. Even, then, however, their Bond will stand the test of time.
Sherlock pries Sophie’s fingers out of his hair where they’ve tightened to keep her from falling. She gives him a pat and throws her arms around Martin’s neck.
For the umpteenth time in countless weeks, John wants to step over the coffee table and run his fingers into those insane curls, especially that one,
“So, I’m gonna give you ten seconds to stop me from calling the local, uh, authorities," the deep voice booms out with a chuckle.
“Ah, Martin, don’t think about it too much.” John states, giving Martin a light pat on the upper arm.
Sherlock turns his gaze to Captain. “I apologize, you are one of the most reasonable Americans I’ve ever met.”
John rolls his eyes and puts his back to the strange tableaux. Sherlock merely shakes his head and heads back towards House’s office.
He smiles to himself and sips at his beverage then leans back against the couch. Douglas pulls his legs in a little closer, letting Martin know that even if he’s not part of the current conversation, he’s still on the first officer’s mind. This thought makes his chest oddly tight, so instead he turns his attention to everyone else.
John still cannot find his words so he nods and looks out to the steadily increasing sea of humanity on the pavement. He knows Mike is talking but cannot make heads or tails of the words, until there’s a hand on his shoulder and then he is standing and moving into the building.
The black hole of it is all Greg can see, but somehow time slows down enough so that when John's finger on the trigger flexes, Greg barrels forward, stretching out his arms and knocking the gun from his hand, ignoring the danger that he's surrounded himself with right then.
John listens to the faucet run and in exactly six minutes, Sherlock is back. They sit in a companionable silence, sipping at their tea. Eventually, Sherlock moves from his chair to the sofa where he stretches out on his back. John, thinking that the uncomfortably conversation is closed, grabs the television remote and flips on the set. He’s not really watching a documentary about penguins when Sherlock Speaks again.
Stottlemeyer frowns behind his bushy 1970’s-porn-star-esque mustache while Wilson watches Ambrose as he tucks his stethoscope back into the pockets of his lab coat. Sometimes he wonders why he even bothers being the only doctor in this particular hospital who actually, you know, dresses like one.
John keeps a calming hand on his partner as he pushes him away from the scene. Sherlock sags his shoulders slightly; it’s enough of a break in his usual armor that John knows he’s doing the right thing. He lets his grip loosen a little but Sherlock continues forward, his steps growing heavier by the second.
Sherlock takes all of these details in before John gets to the end of the corridor, and long before Stottlemeyer reaches him. He winks at the child, says a silent prayer to whichever deity happens to be in charge of names and wishes a short first name on the baby. In the next instant, he’s in the lift headed up towards the top floor, John still not speaking and Stottlemeyer still bristling his ‘stache at them as if it were a blonde hedgehog that crawled up onto his upper lip to keep warm.
In the flat on Baker Street, Sherlock closes John’s bedroom door quietly before sitting down on the landing outside it. He justifies his actions as being due to John calling out and sending Distress along their Link, knowing that since the beginning, John has never liked Sherlock prying about his room too much. Not like it ever actually stopped him, he just keeps his snooping to the times when he’s alone in the flat.
Before he can turn over that particularly vexing question, Sherlock’s mobile vibrates on the kitchen table. He fetches it to find two text messages, one from Mycroft with Mrs. Hudson’s information and the other from John Watson.
“Aren’t you a sweet one?” John coos. The girl trundles over to him, gazing out at the world with ridiculously enormous Cindy Lou Who Eyes.
Sherlock beckons to him again, though that isn’t what makes John beat feet to the doorway. He turns to look over his shoulder just as the wallpaper rips and some dark, almost shapeless, thing is materializing out of it.
“Damned thing,” she mutters then finishes off the rather delicious tea, if she does say so herself. Moving from the table, she gathers her single saucer, single cup and her spoon and drops them into the sink to be washed after a while. There’s more important things to be seeing to today. Martha heads towards her bedroom to change into some more respectable clothes, what is it the kids call them nowadays? Ah, that’s it,
Sherlock closes his eyes, illogically hoping that maybe his overstimulated brain is just making stuff up. When he opens them again, however, the stricken look on John’s face tells him everything. Carefully resting his hands on John’s hips to stop him from moving, Sherlock takes a deep breath.
Sherlock clams up fast and just stands there, his jaw working, eyes boring holes into Barkley’s red face. There’s a large V-shaped vein sticking out on the officer’s forehead and his hands are curled into fists at his sides. John thinks it’s a mark of professionalism that his hand isn’t clutching his sidearm, though it is odd that the officer seems to have forgotten about it.
It’s enough, John understands, to put them both immediately on edge. Sherlock peels off his coat and starts undoing his buttons right there in the street. John collects it all into a neat bundle and stashes it against the wall when they move into the foyer. Two steps behind him, the Cat is sniffing at the floor, ears alert and body tense. He tiptoes past John and begins trotting up the staircase.
“Could you give me a minute?” John asks Barkley. The other man nods and licks orange powder off his fingertips.
“Got it in one.” John says, touching the side of his nose with his finger. He studies his husband for a moment, noticing how Sherlock’s face seems to be unnaturally close to the pages of the book he’s holding.
Before he can say it out loud, Sherlock finds their positions flipped, John’s thighs bracketing his hips, straining erections pressed together. The pull of desire between them is the full force of the electromagnetic spectrum, a stop in time when crucial decisions are made.
The large sitting room of the Holmes ancestral home is elegantly decorated in tiny twinkling fairy lights, tasteful decorations involving real pine tree boughs and in the grate of the old stone fireplace, flames sway gently to a rhythm all their own. A trio of tall white candles rest on the hand-polished mantel, adding cheer to the calm, welcoming atmosphere.
John brings in the tea tray, offering Victor a cup. Sherlock declines one and John makes his own then takes the empty spot next to Sherlock. He does not rest against the back of the couch as he spreads his legs, though he does toe his shoes off.
The man regards them and John truly believes that they’ve finally barked up the wrong tree. Neither he nor Sherlock speaks; John can’t take his eyes off the big man.
Anyway, here comes John now, armed with two cups of (rather foul) black coffee. Sherlock declines his with a ripple of his fingers but House accepts the other cup with some measure of grace then proceeds to slam the stuff down his throat like a shot of Lightning 101.
“Morning, Niece Sophie,” Martin opens his eyes and looks over to where she has snuggled up against his ribs.
For some reason, that strikes Douglas as one of the funniest things he’s ever heard. The sound of his own laughter surprises him even more, but there’s no stopping it once it begins. It's almost a relief to be able to laugh considering the way things might have gone over the last eighteen hours.
Sherlock stares at it, then, realizing what he’s doing, blushes furiously and does his best to burrow into the book in his lap, saying nothing for fear his twisted tongue will betray his lack of experience.
“It’s fine,” John tells him with a pat on the arm. “The princess is in a snit.” John looks up at the raven-curled man standing at his shoulder and raises his eyebrows. “The princess here is Sherlock Holmes.”
Douglas takes his face from his hands, looks up into Sherlock’s piercing eyes. John stands a step behind the detective with a brown cardboard drink holder in his hand. Three cups of what Douglas assumes is coffee pour steam between them through holes in the lids.
Yeah, I’m sure that grabbed your interest. Since you are here for the wedding and we have plenty of time, I’ve heard that John’s sister hasn’t even shown up yet…anyway, we have some time and it appears I’m not going anywhere for a while…feel like keeping me company for a bit?
“What the hell is that?” House finally asks. John turns his back to the patient and shrugs as he unravels the object. It is made of black material that could be satin or velvet and has a neatly folded flower at the end of it; obviously to keep it from being swallowed. There’s something vaguely familiar about it, but at the moment John cannot place it. He looks towards Mr. Thompson who seems to be doing much better.
“At ease,” John mutters as he winds his way around the furniture. Still got it, he thinks when all of them relax visibly.
“Morning,” John answers. He points at Sherlock and Sophie who now seem to be embroiled in some kind of weird wrestling match where Sophie’s clutching one of Sherlock’s arms and laughing, her little feet glancing off his ribcage.
Martin makes an effort to sit up further in order to meet Sherlock’s eyes, but the pulling sensation on his lower leg is a loud enough warning that changes his mind. He grits his teeth together and the idea of his new job melts away into a seemingly impossible dream.
As John closes the door, there’s a tearing sound and when he looks, there’s a neat scratch right down the middle of the back seat. The Cat sits up and starts cleaning himself. Mycroft doesn’t quite
“Ginny! The puffs are ready, would you mind grabbing them out of the oven?” Mrs. Hudson calls to me from the hallway.
For a minute he sits in his chair and regards Sherlock thoughtfully, allowing his anger to slowly disintegrate. Naturally, if something is left out
Over several days, Sherlock grew increasingly irritated at his inability to actually get to the crime scene until, finally, one night John told him in no uncertain terms that he was driving him crazy.
“I have this weird feeling in my gut that Moriarty was never going to stop tormenting you until one of you were, well. Yeah, I think you understand.”
Ophelia glares at him a little because what she’d rather do is actually smack his arm like she does her brothers, but there’s no use in attempting to hit something less than solid, a lesson learned early in their acquaintanceship. “Jimmy, you know there’s no one like Sherlock. He says he only uses that stuff to shut down the voices in his head.” She rests her hands on her hips and turns her attention back to her brother.
The day I met Bryan, he called me a Chav and almost decked me. I got right up into his face, on tiptoe, mind you, and told him what I thought of him. I asked him how a black, homeless ex-soldier had the bullocks to even talk to someone else like that. He grinned at me, showing off that one gold tooth in the front, tugged at the thin gold chain around my neck with one thick finger and started laughing. The arse laughed so hard he finally ended up bent double, his hands on knees. Idiot sounded like a bloody loon. I looked around to see if we were about to be hauled in, but you know, naturally, no one saw or heard anything, but that’s how it is when you are one of us.
He closes his eyes and allows his mind to wander. When Sherlock reappears, looking sheepish and concerned, John cannot say for certain about which item on the list he is feeling either of those things for: leaving something this important out of their lives, or perhaps the identity of the wingwalker. John says nothing but tilts his head towards the small ward. Sherlock nods and leads his partner to the room where his youngest brother is recovering.
Staring down at him is a miniature pair of sea green orbs. Quite fiery, if he does say so himself. Along with those eyes is a very messy head of curls and a very feminine scowl.
John decides he doesn’t want to think anymore, not about the case or about useless dreams, so when Sherlock flips him in turn, he concentrates with all that he is on the tension and pleasure they slowly wring from each other.
“Come on!” Thirteen shouts, shattering the tension. John steps around the front of the stretcher, Thirteen takes the center and House brings up the rear.
“It’s probably not the most comfortable, but it’s the best we can do at the moment. Somebody go get us a stretcher.” John leans over the table, checking Ambrose’s pupils while House actually acts like a doctor and takes the unconscious man’s pulse.
Reggie Palmer is speaking to an unseen audience. He’s the host of the television show playing lowly in the sitting room beyond where John Watson is stretched out on his back on the sofa, deep in sleep, mouth open, face and limbs slack.
John chuckles into his tea as Sherlock regales him with the story of an abusive circus owner, a man billed as the ‘littlest strong man’ who dressed ‘primitively’ and did part of his act with a blow gun, plus a lovely six-toed lady. John is absolutely enthralled by the tale and wondering how much of it was just Sherlock bullshitting him when they are approached by a well-built, well-dressed man in a long camel-colored coat.
“Yes sir. If you would please follow me, I will see to it that you are returned to your lodgings so that you may enjoy the rest of your vacation.” Penn is professional and distant: a very different man from his hot-headed partner.
In that instant, John Watson believes he has gone insane. His heels dig for purchase against the bedclothes and he thrashes, finally succeeds in yanking the oxygen mask off his face.
In the early morning twilight of the third day, Sherlock cracks his eyes and groans against the cruel intrusion of the post dawn greyness that doesn’t deserve to be called ‘sunlight.’ The cocaine helps blur the constant buzz of voices that forever linger on the edges of his consciousness. He pays for it, though, once the high is gone and every detail he’s ever taken in remains as if branded on the walls of his Mind Palace. All the faces of the ones he could help plus the ones he couldn’t save.
Later, John will find out that they swore they both watched him the entire time he was at the scene and cannot figure out how he absorbed that much information that quickly.
When the emergency team picks up the backboard to put it into the ambulance, Sherlock follows them closely.
Martha stays with them a few more minutes, finally gets around to asking John if he needs anything and fights back tears when he says that he just wants to go home. She leans over to hug him, stands and hugs Sherlock by bending over the back of the other chair then takes her leave.
They head down the lane and follow the edge of the field for a few moments; John finds himself watching Sherlock’s shoes.
The raspy sound of Sherlock’s voice threatens to push John off kilter again, because somewhere deep down inside he was certain he wasn’t going to ever hear it again. Reaching out slowly, he straightens the button-down shirt Sherlock’s gotten from somewhere so that it hangs properly. Only then does he realize that the detective is wearing absolutely nothing else. The reason for the crooked shirt is now quite obvious.
“Hello?” Martha gives up on the changing of clothes for the moment and sits down on her pink and purple flowered duvet in order to have a conversation. People are so rude these days, they never seem to take the time to just talk to each other, she considers as she straightens out a single wrinkle on her made-neat-as-a-pin bed.
“Who she was is obvious. Perhaps she was some normal person just in the wrong place at the wrong time!” Sherlock exclaims.
Sherlock ignores it all, however, moving up the stone walkway to the front door in several long strides after slamming the car door shut.
It’s so silly, I guess, to continue to be this upset. I’ve managed to find him every day over the past week, every single day I’ve pleaded with him to just come into my house and get warm. It’s such a wonderful feeling to be able to offer that comfort to someone else…but he wouldn’t accept. Maybe it was me. “What did I do wrong?”
“The lady at the store also showed me some underwear, it was strange but I know she needs them.” Christopher announces almost under his breath as they step into the lift. There is something proud in Christopher’s bearing now, a thousand percent better than the unkempt child with the wild eyes who showed up on their doorstep almost a month ago with a story and a faded photograph of a little girl.
“Little Cinnabar!” Sherrinford shouts, pounding Martin’s back with his hand. “I heard through the grapevine you might be here! Can’t believe these two fools didn’t bring you to see me!” He is speaking to Sherlock and Mycroft, but he’s only got eyes for Martin. “Step back, let me look at you.”
“Sherlock, get over here.” John gets up and Sherlock takes his place. Sherlock drops an arm over Martin’s shoulder and hauls him in close to his side. Martin decides he’ll take what he can get and buries his face into the collar of Sherlock’s shirt and sobs. Sherlock’s fingers tighten around Martin’s shoulder and Martin knows without being told that he’s remembering the same thing Martin is: the way they were never allowed to say goodbye.
“I thought all the Vampires would be out hunting at this late hour,” Sherlock snipes as he does his best to appear composed.
“No,” he states to the room at large in a gruff, utterly devastated tone. “No. Tell me why.” John’s voice fills with cold fury and he slams his fist against the mattress.
The Dog’s happy voice comes through, but it’s like listening at the other end of a scratchy phone connection. Even so, it’s clear enough and John is satisfied that they won’t lose each other.
“I’ve made a mistake with this case.” The detective says this so quietly John almost has to strain to hear him.
Mr. Thompson is opening and closing his mouth like a gasping fish. John takes a closer look between the man’s lips.
Wisely, John says nothing else. He closes the door softly behind himself and pulls the keys to the company van from his pocket. Without thinking about it too much, he also takes out the EVP device. Once again, its face is lit up like Harrod’s at Christmas. Damn. He was so distracted that he forgot to hit the ‘record’ button. Mike’s going to kill him.
John opens his eyes and with a jaw-cracking yawn greets a new morning in an unfamiliar room. What he’s doing here it takes him no more than a few seconds to recall. He is stopped short mid-stretch when his thigh bumps against a large, warm lump that grunts softly. Smiling to himself, John gently palms the bare, lightly freckled shoulder nearest his reach. Inhaling the clean, musky scent of Sherlock’s unclothed self, John welcomes the sense memories from last night as they fill him from head to toes. Though he’s always enjoyed a close cuddle with a lover after a vigorous romp, there’s something different about this particular scenario. Certainly giving it a name would ruin it, so he slowly shuts down all his thoughts running in the direction of the word forming in the back of his mind that he’d rather not even whisper to himself in the dark in a cave so deep that it hasn’t seen daylight in twenty years. That hugely scary word that is only made up of four letters, the one that so many people banter about as if it is meaningless.
What they all see, then (except for poor Wilson and Ambrose) is a very small, very blonde-haired woman dressed in a rather small purple, spaghetti strap dress perched on the rather ample hindquarters of a much larger (shall we say “beefy”) man who happens to be dressed in a rather plain blue uniform. The small woman is yelling quite loudly at the man and beating her small fists against his hindquarters. (Alright, she’s smacking his ass. I was trying to be polite.)
“Why would the spirits be up here?” he asks, turning to face Sherlock who seems deeply interested in examining an old leather bound book on the shelf closest to the window. No one breathes for a second and John can clearly make out the muted sounds of traffic on the street below them.
John’s memories replay over and over after the horror. There’s a madman in town playing a dangerous game; Sherlock dances the edge of an uber sharp knife’s blade, solving each riddle as it passes through his fingers. John hates it; hates the game, hates the madman and the way Sherlock’s eyes light up with glee. Until the old lady dies, blown to heaven on the words
“Tell me, Douglas, what kind of company MJN is to work for?” Martin keeps his eyes on the sky, slightly embarrassed at himself for asking.
I can’t complain. It’s been a steady stream of income for me for several months, it’s been enough that I can now share a little flat with three other girls, and we all get along pretty well together. Whatever, though, you know? I’d be happy sleeping inside a real flat instead of one made of boxes, regardless of how many of us had to split the bills.
“It’s been three days,” I said into John’s jacket. I remember it being so warm and feeling like I could melt into it and wondering if he even knew what I was talking about. Somehow, all the physical pain I’d been ignoring—somehow—chose that moment to reappear, too. I must have groaned or something because he shifted a little, but neither of us fell.
Once he’s out of sight, John takes a deep breath and attempts to steady himself before calling for food. He wants to rush in behind Sherlock and tackle the flirty git to the mattress; ah, but there’s the rub: he’s still unsure where their boundaries lie. John shakes his head and dials the number to Lan’s. He’s interrupted several times in the midst of ordering by a pleasant warmth seeping down their Link until it’s gone and Sherlock is cruising towards the kitchen, dressing gown billowing out behind him.
John sees that and inches closer. So close in fact, that he’s got one hand wrapped around his coffee-thing and the other resting on the back of Sherlock’s neck. Thirteen smiles at him and shakes her head slightly.
John can hear Sherlock settling back in his chair as he stretches the towel over the edge of the sink to dry, knowing a back-handed compliment when he hears one. He grins, just a little, and tries not to think too hard about how he’s going to reward himself for that one.
