Clint chuckled, and said aloud, “Yeah, I can see why that wouldn’t work on a Deaf brain. We look closely at everything. But you don’t need those, the people here won’t be asking for autographs. Me and Nat are here all the time, people know to expect Avengers in this space and not be weird about it. C’mon, let’s sit down. They’re about to get started.”
Sandra immediately reached for the taser in the glovebox, but her hand was caught by a slim, pale hand with blood red nail polish and an iron grip.
“I wouldn’t recommend it,” said Tony. “The paparazzi there are ruthless. I doubt even a SEP would work out there.”
“How long did it take to convince him to make that video? Wait, not convince, you’re too clever for that. How long did it take for you to plant the idea in his head that he should make that video? How many protestations did you make as naggingly as you could that doing it would mean going head-to-head against us, which you know in
“That’s right,” said Tony, as they proceeded down a long hallway of identically-spaced doors. “You see, when a smartass archer, a Norse god, a Russian spy, an American icon, a big green nerd and a billionaire egomaniac all like each other very, very much, sometimes, they come together and do something about it.”
Everyone voiced their agreement, except Natasha, who grumbled, “As if any horror movie could be scarier than me.”
“We are. We have an idea of the necessary pieces, but we won’t know for sure which ones we’ll need until we’ve got them all together. We’re gathering our pieces here, Thor’s gathering his at the range.”
In case you are a Youth (tm) or what AU Gogglor would call a "posr," Gerard Way was the lead singer of My Chemical Romance, which was the emo band to end all emo bands (even though they're kinda more alt-rock? Idk, man, the mid-aughts were a weird time).
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
STEVE gapes at BUCKY for a moment, then walks over and embraces him, hard, getting swept up in the emotion of seeing him again.
...It’s been a long time since Mrs. Romanov and I played cards. I’d like to see how she’s progressed.
“There has to be a way to convince him,” said Steve. “If he’s had it in his possession for any period of time, he must’ve realized it’s more powerful than he can control. Maybe if he gets a stern talking-to from Captain America he’ll see some sense.”
Then Steve was pulling him into an embrace, and Tony had nothing left in him to fight it. All he could do was let Steve hold him, and wish things were different. Wish that this could last. But it couldn’t. The sky was blue, water was wet, and if they ever got together then one day Steve would look at Tony and there’d be contempt in his eyes again. And if the thought of it hurt this much, actually living it might just kill him.
“It’s, um… I started with the books when I was in college. Purists say radio-plays or bust. But either one is great.”
“You get me, Doug,” said Tony, as he fist-bumped Doug. “But I still love coming to baseball games. There’s something about the peanut shells under your feet and the organ music and the lulls in the game when you can talk to the people next to you that makes it all just so damn
“Is this what it’s like when you’re making out with me and I’m still thinking of a project?” said Tony.
Before Steve could say anything, the elevator dinged and Nat, Clint, and Thor walked out, all slightly flushed with alcohol. Nat had frizzy hair and was wearing a maid’s costume with fishnets, and Clint had on a bald cap and a red-stained suit. And after doing a double take, Steve saw Thor wasn’t naked like he’d originally thought, but he was wearing nothing but a shiny gold pair of briefs and gold-colored sneakers.
really looking forward to that curry. It smelled really good, and coconut milk and ginger is just such a natural combination! Thank you so much for sharing this recipe!
“If we had more time, Steve, we could do it,” she said, fixing him with a serene stare. “This is a textbook adverse childhood experience coming back to hurt him, and with time we could get him to see that. His parents, the first people he ever loved, they told him he’d never measure up or be worthy of their affection in return, and he’s so afraid of experiencing that kind of hurt again, of not measuring up. He's convinced that he can't. That kind of deep-seated, complex childhood trauma is treatable, Steve. But not in two weeks.”
“I take it back, this whole universe is literally the funniest thing that has ever happened and I don’t want to forget a single second of it,” roared Tpny
That got Steve’s attention. He turned back around and faced Tony. Well, faced Tony’s back - he hadn’t stopped soldering this whole time.
“Exactly,” says Tony, as he writes a quick list of the Avengers section of the tower on a scrap of paper. You look at the paper and read:
. Best case scenario you walked away a little bit smarter about whatever it was Tony was spouting off on at the time, or maybe buzzing from some pretty good sex. The people who were actually friends with Tony all had some kind of magic protective coating that kept them from getting exhausted with his bullshit enough to enjoy his company, but they certainly didn’t come away better people from the time they spent with him. They were good people in
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
“Guess I’ll have to settle for blowing you instead,” said Steve with a mock-dejected sigh, before he continued his trail of kisses down Tony’s body, to where his cock was already at half-mast getting ready for round two.
You’d guess correctly. As someone who has watched more Star Trek than all of you put together, I suggest you run internal sensors and external scans looking for 21st century technology. That’s the kind of thing that’s detectable in a Trek universe, and it’ll give us a lead on the phone.
“I’ll be there to help you. That’s another thing you’re signing onto with me - I’m not going to stop trying to get you to eat and sleep.”
“Is there a horny panic button on the remote? Did you just accidentally press the horny panic button?” Clint wheezed. “Where is it? Tony, where is the horny panic button,
It is impossible to overstate the importance of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe on New York City's poetry scene, and really its art scene in general. I only got to meet Algarín once, but he was kind and welcoming, and it shone through in the open, beautiful, vibrant space he created for New York City's creatives. He made something so unbelievably special and important to me and thousands of others who call the city home.
“Mmm, no can do, mon capitan,” said Hammer as he set the stress ball down on the desk. “Sorry you came all this way for nothing, but either I get what I asked for, or I get to keep my shiny boomstick right where I want it.”
about these people,” said Tony, pointing his chopsticks at Rhodey for emphasis. “They voluntarily subject themselves to Andrew Lloyd Webber’s
“You may have gotten Howard’s penchant for tinkering and talking sass, but when I say you’re nothing like him I mean in the ways that matter. You listen to other people. You make time for the ones who’re close to you. And most of all, you care. About Maria, about the team, about your work and the impact it has. You care so deeply about so much, and it’s not just in your head, Tony. It’s in the work you do and the people you save and the way you show up and pay attention, like you did today. You’re such a good man, Tony, and I’m so honored to be your friend.”
,” muttered Tony disparagingly as they went through the door. Inside was a small room with a few snack platters laid out, a social area in the back with armchairs and a Foosball table, and a couple of padded seats facing the field.
There was another small period of silence before Stark broke into a loud guffaw.  Steve looked up to glare at the man, but it was hard to stay angry when Stark was doubled over laughing.  He looked better when he smiled honestly.  It was a beautiful smile.
"Why?" Steve asked, a little baffled. His art had never really been that good. He'd never done a gallery, and most of the time the drawings were just a way to keep his hands busy or work through his emotions. He rarely ever showed them to his friends.
"You never really said," Steve replied, wondering if he should back off.  Just because Tony didn't tell him to stop didn't mean that it wasn't pressuring him, though Tony promised to be clear if Steve did something that was too much for him.  "You don't need to.  It's fine even if you don't-"
want Rhodey to leave.  Rhodey was warm and solid, and Tony was still half-convinced Steve was a dream.  But he nodded, because Steve was acting strangely, and curiosity always won out.
"I know you will, Happy," Iron Man said, a fondness in his voice that made Steve smile.  "Just make sure you're on that plane tomorrow because - Oh, hey there, Winghead!"
"We canceled each other's bad timing out," Tony said, curling closer.  "And thanks for the save, by the way.  I probably wouldn't have survived without it."
He knew what the others thought.  He'd stumbled over words like 'stress,' 'shell-shock,' and 'nervous breakdown' when they thought he wasn't in earshot.  A small part of him was terrified that they were right, but he stubbornly ignored it and insisted on his story.  He put the crystal back in his pocket and went back to the files.
"Tomorrow," Tony said a while later, when Steve was calmer and the trembling had stopped, "Or today, if it's that late, how about you show me what he taught you?"
"I... thanks," Tony said, unsure of where they stood on the whole trust issue if Steve was feeling that protective.
what you wanted," Tony said, turning away.  "You married a screw-up who only compounds his mistakes rather than make up for them.  But I'm keeping my flaws.  Giving them up the easy way is just so fucked up and-"
He always was better with actions than with words.  Without consciously thinking about it, Steve pulled Tony's hand towards him.
"That still doesn't explain why you're becoming a super-villain," Steve said.  "Can't we just make our own?  Or ask Hollywood to make one?"
He didn't force himself to let go of Steve's wrist though.  Instead, he tugged Steve closer.  Not that he could actually move Steve, but it made his intention known.
Steve launched himself into the sky after Tony, wings spread to catch the up draft.  Tony started to follow him, surprised when Steve banked and spiraled around Tony in a lazy pace.  He glided down as Tony flew up, and Tony, for his part, did a small spin as he evened out.  Steve moved below him, and so as not to be outdone, Tony turned so that he could spiral around Steve next.
Steve's tentative smile warmed Tony more than the coffee did.  Rhodey took one look at Tony and beamed at them with a ridiculously pleased expression, and Tony discovered that yes, he still had some embarrassment left in him.
"Welcome back," Steve said, smiling in spite of himself.  JARVIS was the reason he could keep tabs on a team that wasn't always the best at checking in.  It was hard to imagine going back to a time without him.
He stayed down this time, eyes closed and breathing hard as he heard Kang come closer, his strange boots crunching on the gravel around the warehouse.  He held himself loose, ignoring the gravel biting into his cheek and willing his body not to respond to Kang's proximity.
"Doom is here because he is a man of honor, Captain," Doom said.  "But Mr. Stark has kept from me his secret, playing me for a fool while pretending to be an underling.  You would do well to remember my anger."
"A memory," Wanda said.  "The mural shows a history of this clan, and that was a whisper from centuries ago of your time."
"It is now," Rhodey said, smiling grimly.  "Because I can guess at some of Tony's terms in this deal, and I think a lot of them still apply, don't they?  If the US government were to find out Doombots are behind all of this, I don't think they'd take too kindly to it."
"Of course I did," Steve said, throwing his hands up in exasperation.  "You could hide a lot of things, Tony, but not the fact that you loved me."
"You should be paying attention to your surroundings," Tony gritted out, firing a repulsor blast at the flying creature.  It was a light blue with a disfigured human form, long wings, and a tail.  Its form was lithe and agile, proving its skill by folding its wings to dodge the blast.  When another blast proved too slow, he tried the guns on his shoulders.
"You deserved to vote, felon or no," Tony said swiftly.  "I merely added your vote in.  Steve would totally approve it if weren't... ya know, slightly dangerous.  And highly illegal.  More the slightly dangerous bit though."
Fear was an emotion Tony understood far too well.  Logical arguments didn't always work against it.  "Alright," he said, figuring he could deal with that later.  "I won't tell them.  I promise.  But how did you get down here?"
"Making sure everything was in order," Tony said absently, glaring at the dirt on his knees.  "Mom loved the garden, so it needs to-"  He cut off suddenly.
"Yeah," Steve said softly, his arms tightening around Tony so much it hurt.  "You can come out now.  We're not getting divorced."
Given their lives, Steve was probably right.  That hadn't stopped him from turning Tony down the first time though.  "Well, this time
Voices were more likely to wake him up, and Steve grumbled, curling further in on himself and away from whoever it was.  It wasn't the most comfortable he'd ever been but he had enough problems sleeping that he wanted more, damn it.
"Okay, then what did you do to my husband?" Tony asked, feeling hurt in a way he couldn't quite explain, because Steve was over
Steve hesitantly linked their hands together, kissing Tony's ring finger.  "I just... I've lost so much, Tony," he said, and Tony squeezed his hand.  "I can't lose you too."
If Tony hadn't been shivering so uncontrollably, he would have stilled completely.  "I hate caves," he said instead of answering.
The ride was full of the sergeant's nervous babbling, which Steve nodded and smiled at all of the right points for.  It reminded him a little of Coulson, which at least took away some of the awkwardness, even if it was replaced by sorrow.  It was hot, but the car had working AC and Steve couldn't complain.
popular.  They're straight out of the 90s.  And I am never looking at Jane the same way again.  Or you.  I'm not sure how good getting advice from the Spice Girls is."  He pulled out his phone, making quick motions with his fingers.  "Though in this case, they're not really wrong."
"His codes still work," Tony muttered as he wiped his hands on a dirty rag, looking over the engine he'd been working on.
"Sounds good," Steve said, burying his face against Tony's neck as a small shudder went through him.  "And no more caves."
"Yes, Sir," Tony said, too tired to inject a proper amount of sarcasm.  There was thunder again, but it sounded further off.  Which meant it was still probably quite close, given snow's terrible acoustics.  Not what he should be thinking about now, when he couldn't afford to get off track.  Focus on Steve.  "Always bossing me around.  I don't take orders from anyone."
"I'm sorry," he said, knowing full well how unkind humanity could be.  This whole damn War sometimes felt like one atrocity after the next, and it shamed him deeply to admit it wasn't just the Axis Powers that committed them.  What he'd seen the few times he'd been sent to the front lines...  "Must be lonely, living down here by yourself and hiding from the dragons."
"I'm no hero," Tony said, looking away.  "Heroes save people.  I went on adventures to save myself before the War, and now..."
Steve's head was on his chest, the dragon's eyes closed.  "Steve?" he croaked, hand moving to pet the dragon's head.  He looked around as he did, trying to figure out where they were.
"Got a promise to keep to an old friend," Fury said.  "Did anyone ever tell you who the handler for Iron Man was when he first appeared?"
But Steve was planning something.  Tony didn't dare take his eyes off Viper to glance his way, but he was under the impression that Steve was just biding his time.  Now, of course, was apparently Steve's time to try to hide things from Tony, which lead Tony to believe that he probably wouldn't like whatever the plan was.  Sadly, Tony must be a good teacher, because it was working.  He couldn't tell what it was, and he couldn't afford to give Steve away.  He did press a little harder on the wound in warning, but Steve ignored him.
"You can't," Steve repeated, motioning to the mouth of the cave.  "You go out there and you won't come back."
It cost him.  Tony was already looking at the picture, face plate blank as he stared.  It unnerved Steve now in a way it never had before, not being able to see how Tony was reacting.
Tony, despite Jarvis's mental voice screaming in his ear and years of reflexes, dropped the gun.  He didn't even look down at it.  Tony took a step back as the heart pump started to work overtime.  "How do I know you're real this time?" Tony asked, his hands trembling.  In the dreams Steve had still been a dragon, but this...
"Bring me back some.  Not hospital coffee either.  Also, you still have a hand print on your face."  Tony unlocked the tablet and snapped a picture before Rhodey could hide from him.  He received a glare for his efforts.
"Anything you want, Steve.  Just be there."  Tony pet his head, scratching behind the horns just the way Steve liked.  "If I'm going to be around longer, you have to be too."
"About a hundred in this clan.  I originally came from a much larger clan of three hundred," Peggy replied, bowing down so that Tony could dismount.  "You are curious."
Thirty minutes later, Steve walked in to find Rhodey making waffles and omelettes, and Steve nearly walked back out again.  This was
where he could send the results to Stark and let him do the science work.  The fight had taken place on a highway, and there was still clean up to do.
"Dance with me," Steve repeated, wings fluttering shyly.  Then he added, "Please?  You can fly, can't you?  So you can dance."
Steve almost couldn't hear what Tony said next, because it certainly wasn't meant for Steve's ears, but even pitched that low the serum made up for the distance.
He looked up to see Tony grinning at him, which he returned with a glare.  "For a genius, you're really dumb, ya know that, Stark?" he said, enjoying his brief revenge when he saw the indignant look in Tony's eyes.
to do from previous mes.  Jane will be pissed she doesn't get to help build it, but you can tell her that she made significant contributions to it in this time line.  Seriously, she is awesome.  She won't accept lab space since she's married to field work, but give her an anonymous grant and you will thank yourself for it later."
"I had a protein bar," Steve said, though he didn't argue with the second plate being pushed his way.  He did have a habit of not eating when he wasn't hungry, which happened more often than he realized since he'd woken up.  The others had caught on to him, but thankfully other than a few hushed conversations about depression and grieving, they were content to just push food at him.
Tony's lips quirked into a smile.  "Yes.  Extremely difficult.  No one ever appreciates how hard it is to talk about me."
Steve sighed, and Tony could picture him rubbing his forehead then mussing his hair.  The image was so clear it was
Tony stopped moving, shocked to stillness.  He could still feel Sharon's grief and the echo of Steve's.  Steve was going to
The rest of Steve's city defenders were waiting for them as they emerged, and Tony saw with growing worry how the ceiling was shedding small rocks and crystals.  If that collapsed, what would happen to the upper world?  "That's not a good sign," he muttered to himself.
," Steve ordered.  He stepped forward, to shake or strangle Tony, he didn't know, but this needed to stop before either of them seriously regretted it.
"I..."  Tony looked down at his hands, then set his shoulders.  "There's something you should know before-"
"You will try," Wanda said.  There was a warmth in her voice that should have incensed Tony.  Instead it soothed him, and his fists unclenched.  "It's not your fault, regardless of if you can fix it, Tony Stark.  This is inevitable."
Neither of them slept for a few hours after that, but Tony found he didn't mind.  He told Steve about the good things the upper world had to offer and gleaned information about the dragons from Steve's stories.  He felt relaxed, more so than he had since the start of the War.  He fell asleep petting Steve, dreaming of home.
"From what I heard, neither did the other one," Tony said.  It was probably not his best idea to remind Steve of all the reasons not to trust him, but Tony felt a little concerned about how trusting the dragons were.  It was probably a side effect of telepathy, but it could be dangerous for them if other people wandered down here.  He felt a surprising surge of protectiveness at the thought that left him a little speechless.
Tony could feel Steve's understanding before he spoke, but he didn't think about the intensity of Steve's feeling and emotion compared to the others.  That was more than he wanted to deal with right now.  "It's a matter of trust between me and her, not me and all of you," he explained.  "If I told you she existed and she was legitimate, it breaks the trust she put in me to help her.  She was... I thought she was just scared of you.  That's the truth."  He had wondered, just a little, if the clan he knew were like the dragons Viper described, but that notion never held up when he thought of Steve and the others.  That should have clued him in.
"Tony, please," Steve continued, very familiar blue eyes looking a cross between anguished and panicked.  "Tell me you remember the dragons.  Everyone thinks I'm insane after the ice and I had to break out to get here.  No one believes me, not even Sam or Peggy!"
Tony blinked.  "Sorry," he said again.  He hated apologies.  It wasn't that he was too prideful to make them, but he could never face what came after.  He was actually a little relieved that there had been no forgiveness.  He wasn't sure he could handle it.  "I think... it's time for me to sleep."
"Sounds about right," Iron Man said, though the armor was stiff and still.  He slid the phone back to Thor.
He threw his shield again, watching his opponent dodge to the side, then ducked down as the shield bounced back.  There was another blast that Steve only barely avoided.  He grunted, the continuous fire making it more difficult to catch his shield.  She was getting better.
Finally he came to a door.  Unlike the rest of the temple, this one was made of wood and the metal around it gave way to stone.  He could feel Steve's relief at that, though it felt a bit distant.
"Sorry."  When had Tony lost track of time?  He almost had the problems worked out this time...  He looked at the tablet again, fingers twitching.
Steve felt his heart rate speed up as his breath caught in his lungs and his ears burned.  He watched the butterfly slowly spread its wings, partially obscuring Tony's eyes.  And wasn't that something?  Strange that it took a butterfly to see what was right in front of him this whole time.
After that guard went down, Tony shot two of the others.  It was surprisingly easy considering his hand should be shaking.  He ducked behind the wall again as the return fire came his way, taking a careful shot when he had the chance.  Why would his hands be shaking?  No time to think about that.
Tony didn't hesitate, throwing up a firewall around both him and Steve as he frantically typed.  He didn't look over his shoulder, instead using the cameras to see Kor'la'vin holding a knife to Leon's throat.  Steve materialized his shield, throwing it like it was an extension of his arm, but it passed through the Skrull, not even touching her.
The alarm on his phone blared.  Steve jumped to his feet, his hands itching for the shield that was too many floors below him.
"It's complicated," Steve repeated, wincing at how sulky his words sounded.  He wasn't being very convincing.
"Excuse you.  I'm not a bit funny.  I'm hysterical," Iron Man said, and Steve felt some of the tension dissipate.  "Now let's go.  That new uniform won't try on itself and Mr. Stark wanted to know how it moves."
"You're not my mother!" Susan yelled, grabbing for Kor'la'vin.  To her great surprise, Kor'la'vin was there, and somehow the fingers of the armor were around her throat.  Susan must have moved, but now all she could feel was the throat she could crush so easily.
Steve was distracted slightly by the way Tony's tongue was sticking out slightly as he tried to cut smoothly along the lines.  When Jan started speaking, he forced his eyes away from Tony's mouth and politely on her eyes.  She smiled slyly, and he knew he'd been caught.  "Because they're making an Ant-Man movie without me in it!" she said.
would think of that. He was pretty sure asking would just get him an unimpressed look on both accounts.
"A naga," Viper said, staring at the river now.  "They don't come to the temple, but I see them sometimes on my journey to the surface."
It was dark, so he couldn't actually see, but Tony was pretty sure Steve was frowning at him.  "You need it more than I do," Steve said.
"Here, you can tell me as we walk," Tony said, leaning down so she could climb on his back again.  He wondered if this was how Steve felt, always acting as Tony's mount.
Tony caught it, rolling over just in time to block the axe with the shield.  He brought up his other hand which Steve realized had a small repulsor attached to his palm.  It shot Kang point blank, hitting Kang's belt and setting it off sparking and spreading over the rest of his suit in a small burst.  Kang screamed and fell back on the ground, his body twitching.
Steve wanted to lean in and kiss him properly, pulling him back into a tight embrace, because hearing that question pulled out an ache only Tony could create.  But Tony didn't seem interested in that sort of relationship, regardless of the kiss he'd allowed at the start of their conversation.  That was another boundary Steve was going to have to start respecting, but Steve could start enforcing that later, when Tony didn't need the comfort.
Steve smiled at him, reaching out to touch his cheek.  Tony's breath caught as Steve's fingers traced their way down Tony's goatee.  "I was always so afraid my claws would hurt you when I was a dragon.  And now...  Half of my memories are telling me this is normal, the other half..."
"No," Iron Man said.  "He's not the easiest guy to get along with though.  You don't have to deal with him because of misplaced guilt or gratitude."
Tony hesitated.  It was enough for the Red Skull to grab his wrist, yank it down, and crush the circuits.  The pressure on his wrist hurt, but it wasn't enough to break it.  There was something wrong with the suit.  Had he been fighting?  It shouldn't break so easily, not when...
Tony took his hand away again.  He didn't know how old that memory was, but it felt private, like he'd been intruding.  The memory was soothing at least, even if it held a wisp of longing and wistfulness that stayed with him.
Leon wavered, looking at Kestrel who was too shell-shocked to follow the computerized drama.  Tony didn't blame her.  He did need her to snap out of it though.  "Hey there, Little Bird.  Gonna need you on Rhodey support."
"That I'm still a mess because of... everything, really.  Bucky included.  My attempted dates with Sharon proved that.  But I think that I've gotten a handle on most of it now.  Better than I was, at any rate," Steve said.
He saw the movement out of the corner of his eye.  It was the only warning he got before a punch landed on his jaw.  It wasn't a very strong one, but the surprise caught him off guard.  He reacted after that, catching the small wrist and pushing it down.  He remembered himself just before putting Kestrel in a more painful position.  He blinked as a pair of green eyes stared up at him.  "It's okay," he said.
Steve shrugged.  "Neither am I," he said, thinking back to his attempts with Peggy and his awkward failing with Sharon.  Tony might be a mess of issues, but so were all of the Avengers, and Tony at least had some practical dating experience.  "But I'd like to take you out all the same."
Rhodey's smile turned a shade of vicious Tony hadn't seen since putting Hammer behind bars.  "Don't worry.  Natasha, Clint, and I took care of it.  Natasha's interrogating the survivors now."
? That was one of the last mistakes I made before that plane went down in the ocean. I failed, and I knew it.”
She nodded back eagerly. “Maybe we will go outside sometime and play?” He said, a little unsure at interacting with kids but not about to let the little girl down.
Natasha could hardly look at him. When their gazes connected he tried to give her a reassuring smile, but it faltered when she looked away and started towards the ballroom door. She was going home; she couldn't watch Tony do this. He tried to follow her but was intercepted by yet another high ranking official seeking his attention.
Tony's surprised hiccup at the contact was expected. What James didn't expect was for Tony's tense body to suddenly sag into his arms. "I'm-God, 'm so tired, James." He sniffed, "Can't sleep." He whispered.
“Complete control. Only someone who has spent considerable time studying human body language would be able to tell what he is thinking, and even then, he’s good at hiding it. Not perfect, but nearly. See how his jaw tightens slightly whenever the older man with the turkey neck speaks? Mr. Stark isn’t a fan of him, or the older redhead’s young assistant who follows his every step. Clearly, they aren’t worth his time, but they would never be able to tell. I wonder if anyone has been able to break that cool discipline? Wouldn’t that be something to see?”
Steve felt his face heat up a little bit at that, but he swallowed his embarrassment and pushed forward, saying, “I’ve been wanting to call you that for a long, long time, Tony. That and more.”
“My name is Nebula. Gamora was my sister, my only family. I have nothing left to live for but to kill Thanos, and I will kill him. You fought him admirably, you are strong for a human. We could do it together.” The conviction in her voice finally draws him out of his thoughts. He turned to look into her hard black eyes as she stared at him steadily. He takes in the pain in her frame and her eyes.
Steve tried to remember to keep breathing through this. She had been there. She met Tony and the Spider-Kid, along with Strange. She knew what happened to them. She was going to tell them how they lost. He didn’t want to know, but he needed to. He felt Natasha reach one hand for his own and saw her reach for Bruce’s hand as well. Thor put a hand on Rhodes shoulder and Rocket leaned against Thor's leg. Wong laid had a hand on Shuri’s arm. Ramonda was wrapped in M’Baku’s embrace. Somehow, they all reached for each other in some way, even those who didn’t know each other as well. Their losses had tied them together.
to. I want to be able to support you in the field. In order to do that, its important to know each other’s capabilities. I’ve been out of it for a while, so I’m sure I’ve missed some upgrades. Sometime, when you aren’t busy, would you mind showing me?” Steve finished with an apprehensive air.
Steve stood up, but didn’t move from the counter as he raised his voice to match Tony’s, “You held back Tony. In that bunker. Why?” Tony looked affronted, “I did not
Sam laughed as James pulled a face at Tony. Obviously, this wasn’t the first time this conversation had happened. Tony walked in front of them and greeted the employee at the door cheerfully.
Apparently, it didn’t take much to get Ross riled up, because he raised his voice as he shouted, “No your reckless actions forced us into this.” Tony rolled his eyes again. “My reckless actions? Did you forget I signed your precious accords? I signed them first, and then you used me as your attack dog to try and make the rest of them sign.”
The feeling inside the Compound wasn’t much better. After he showered and changed into sweats and a warm sweatshirt, Steve sat at the table waited for the others to wake up and make their way into the kitchen. He found himself staring at the rain drops falling on the windows and leaving trails as they ran down the glass. Shaking himself, he stood and tried to distract himself by starting breakfast for everyone.
Everything continued to go downhill as Wanda's shriek reverberated over the comms. "Scarlet Witch is in trouble, anyone near her position?" No answer. "Wanda, status report, where are you" Steve called, his finger pressed to his ear.
"Pathetic, out of control, immature? Good, then I deserve the fucking Oscar for Best Actor tonight, don't I?!" Tony shouted to the group.
Finally, Ross was gone and Tony and Steve were left at the counter. Tony’s harsh breathing could be heard through the recording, trying to compose himself. On the video feed, it looked as if he were alone, but of course Steve was still here, and everyone knew their hands were still connected.
“That’s it, ‘hmm’ is all you got?” James asked, his eyebrows raised. Tony didn’t move other than to inhale and release a deep breath. The lack of response is enough to annoy him slightly.
At 2 a.m. Laura had told him that she was tired, but that they would continue to talk. She didn’t promise anything and he didn’t ask her to. He felt lighter as he stepped into the elevator to go back down to the shared level below. On the floor in the elevator he picked up a small red bouncy ball and smiled.
There was a pause before the stern voice of Pepper Pott’s filled the training room. “Tony, where are you?”
"I am insinuating that tonight is very important and you'd better be at your most dashing for your guests." Her smile faltered a bit as she continued, "Tony. Honey, there are going to be a lot of press here, and even more snobbish, selfish, rude people with nothing better to do than stick their noses in each others business."
T'Challa thought he truly deserved some kind of celestial blessings just on the basis that he hadn't exposed any part of the plan to the Rogue Avengers. Even when insults about Tony and his character had been hurled constantly around the room.
“O-Oh. I had no idea.” He stuttered. Pepper’s smile was positively predatory. “Well as of right now you wont be in attendance, so you shouldn’t need to worry about it, should you,
The press conference had gone well; Tony had stood tall and composed as he delivered the forgiving words that Ross had demanded of him, his eyes again hidden by the dark glasses he refused to remove. The press and public ate it up voraciously.
Scott and Sam eyed him oddly but said nothing. Wanda who sat next to him watched what he was doing and caught on quickly, pointing out other things she saw while he scribbled furiously. Sam grabbed another pad of paper and started taking notes on things he noticed about the scene from his view as another flier. Clint and Scott joined in as well. All of them huddled together around the small command center, talking over each other and yet still hearing every word perfectly. Once in a while they would feed information through to the team in the field.
“Hi there, thanks for making it out today, I know our weather isn’t ideal.” Tony drawled into the microphones as he glanced up at the sky. “Unfortunately, this isn’t the doing of our favorite God of Thunder, so we’ll just have to put up with it.” The crowd predictably chuckled at his joke. “So, lets get on with this, shall we? Alright. I’m here to confirm that yes, the Avengers are back together and currently living and training under my roof. There is no precedent for what we are facing and what we will surely face in the future. Since the events that took Captain Rogers and several members of the Avengers out of commission and into hiding, the members who remained were left striving to protect and serve in every way possible. You’ve no doubt seen the clean up efforts around the globe, spearheaded by Stark Industries, in the capable hands of my CEO, Miss Virginia Potts. However, it is not enough. There are, simply put, too few of us. Which is why, starting very soon, the entire team of Avengers will be on active duty again.” There were murmurs and questions from the crowd, but Tony hushed them by raising a finger and removing his sunglasses.
Ice crawled its way through Steve's veins. "No. No, Sam stop please, you don't understand, you don't know- "
T'Challa turned his gaze to her, seeing in her face the suspicion. Turning back to Barnes he kept his gaze level as he answered, "Your guardian, Sergeant Barnes, is Tony Stark."
"Oh, Steve." Wanda put a small hand on his arm in what was sure was mean to be comforting, but it felt wrong. "Tony lost it. He went after Bucky and I had to stand between them."
Half an hour later they were back at the Compound, Tony took the elevator straight to the Penthouse and sat down on the couch as he pulled a little bit to loosen his tie. He had arranged for Maggie and Laura to take the kids out for the day right after the interview was over, knowing that there was a chance the Press Conference might go south. He wouldn’t say it had gone completely south, but it sure as hell had taken a slight turn. A few minutes later T’Challa came walking in, dry despite the steady drizzle outside.
Tony's tears slid down his cheeks silently and onto James' hands as he continued to hold his gaze. "And guess what pal? I'm with you, to the end of the line."
Steve, James, and Sam were left standing in the darkness. Steve sniffed and wiped his eyes harshly, pushing the heels of his hands into his eyes. “Steve?” Sam called his name softly. Steve only shook his head and looked up at the ceiling. “Come on man, lets get upstairs.” He suggested softly. Steve again shook his head. “I-I need to talk to Tony. I have to talk to him.” James put an arm around his shoulders and tried to be gentle as he told him, “I don’t think that’s a good idea, Stevie.” Sam agreed, “Let’s wait, okay Steve? He needs time, and you need a shower.” They each took a shaking arm and let him out of the lab to the elevators.
“Well then, I’d say you earned your treat little missy.” He winked as he handed her the Snickers bar. Delightedly, she took it and ran off after Cooper and Lila. Tony glanced at Steve again before turning around and addressing everyone.
T'Challa looked confused at the name Salem, but took a sip of his glass anyways as Tony downed his glass in one swallow before setting it back down on the table and turning to walk away. "Oh, by the way," he said turning back momentarily, "when you watch the video tonight," he motioned towards the hickey on his neck, "keep an open mind. I have my reasons and I would be happy to explain them to you, along with one very unhappy super spy." He winked and sauntered off, leaving the King standing there more confused than before.
T’Challa and Natasha arrived at the scene and Natasha dropped to her knees next to him to fuss over him and run her fingers through his bloody hair. T’Challa and Rhodes went back to the car and the King peered inside. “Ross is alive.” He reported as he pulled the man out of the car, not bothering to be careful. Ross hissed in pain as he was unceremoniously dumped on the ground. Other than a few scrapes and bruises, he was mostly unharmed, which is why T’Challa didn’t stop Rhodes when he hauled the man to his feet by his lapels, only to punch him square in the jaw and send him back down to the asphalt.
“I will not share the information I witnessed, if that is your worry. It is not by place, nor my intention to share something of such a personal nature.”
Nebula didn’t address the outburst. “After it was over, Thanos disappeared in a portal, leaving us on Titan. Then, one by one, the others turned to ash and dust, disappearing. Mantis, Drax, Quill. The boy stumbled into Stark. Stark held him as the boy turned to ash in his arms.”
“You could have saved us.” He choked out before going still, eyes staring upwards at the darkness. A voice carried through the cold air, asking, “Why didn’t you do more?”
“Is your head alright, daddy?” Lila spoke up from the couch. They all turned and saw the three kids peering over the top of the leather.
Steve sighed before breathing deeply and shaking his head as if he couldn't believe this was happening.
!" Tony whined as he rolled his chair out from his desk into the view of the camera. He pointed the wrench in his hand at the computer as he threatened, "That's it, Cat in the Hat, come take your damaged assassin back. With those kinds of puns, it obvious I can't do anything for him, his mind is beyond even my talents!"
"And we are back here at the Stark Charity Gala tonight in New York City. We have just entered the Grand Ballroom and now we are going to take a step back and let the world watch how the night unfolds, right here with us on Channel 7."
Why? Why him? Why the hell did it always have to be him that lost people. He had tried his best each time, done what he truly believed was right, wasn't that what everyone said would lead to happiness? It just wasn't fair that no matter what, he lost those that he loved. He knew it was self pity and he didn't care. He let himself sit on that mat and cry for what seemed to be the thousandth time in the last month. Honestly, he was surprised he still had any tears left.
The others looked at him and no one bothered to even try and tell him it wouldn’t work. They were all hoping it would.
James had backed away and was stumbling over to where Steve was slumped against the wall with Wanda. Clint was standing between them all with a hand on Scott’s shoulder, still kneeing where he had fallen to his knees earlier.
The hospital staff knew how to handle difficult situations, but James was sure they didn’t expect all of the Avengers, a Wakandan Princess, along with the Barton and Lang children to burst through the front doors and cause as much commotion as they did. Steve hardly waited at the reception desk to hear which room Tony was in before he took off down the indicated hall with the nurse shouting after him. The rest of the group gave her apologetic looks and shouts as they followed the direction of the blonde super soldier.
Finally, Steve pulled back the slightest bit and looked down at Tony, afraid of what he would see there, even though Tony hadn’t stopped his attention. Tony’s eyes were hooded and his pupils wide as he looked up into his gaze. His breath hitched as Steve raised one hand to Tony’s cheek and cradled his jaw, thumb stroking across the stubble of Tony’s goatee. Leaning down, his lips were a breath away from Tony’s as he breathed out, “Say when.”
Steve opened his moth to retort but James stepped in hastily, “Alright, Stevie, we are all exhausted, can we just go to bed now?” Steve threw one last look at Tony, who was now scrubbing his hand in the sink next to T’Challa and Rhodes. He sighed heavily, said goodnight, and got up to follow James down the hallway to their rooms. Once in the hall, James suddenly stopped and pushed Steve flat against the wall. Surprised, Steve opened his mouth to say something but James put a hand over his mouth. “Stevie, I need you to watch something, okay? Watch T’Challa,
While T’Challa understood the feeling, he was smarter than that. First of all, FRIDAY was under strict orders from Tony to keep them all in the Penthouse until his say so. Second, the last thing any of them needed was an incident like that to happen in the Avengers Compound while the King and Princess of Wakanda were guests, though FRIDAY could probably take care of that part. So, he sat and listened to every nauseating word that fell from Ross’ mouth and calmed himself by imagining how good it would feel to finally take the man down for the world to see. They had needed to put that part of their plan on hold longer than they had wanted, but it was clear now that they had waited long enough.
A short silence followed before Rhodes answered. The tone in his voice was even but there was strain in it as he replied, "You'll find that friendship and family isn't based solely on longevity."
The look on Tony's face suggested he knew full well that he was in trouble. Maggie Lang came to stand beside Laura Barton with her hands on her hips as well, Tony cleared his throat and said quickly, "I'm sorry, I forgot to introduce our guest, King T'Challa of Wakanda, please, meet Laura Barton and Maggie Lang."
"She is a particularly nasty old bat, isn't she? Someone should have warned you about her. Too bad when we met this morning I was caught off guard in the UN bathroom, huh?"
From his tone and posture it was obvious Tony was waiting for Steve to push back and insist that he let them join in. Steve had changed though, and Peter’s words echoed in his mind.
Steve was momentarily thrown that Tony had an implant in his eye, but upon hearing what it would do for them he felt relief and gratitude. They gathered together again around the screen on the wall. Shuri exclaimed in success as the information from the implant started to stream on the large screen. Steve called to T’Challa who was still on the phone and said, “I need permission to go after him.” James rose from his place next to Shuri and voiced the same, followed by the others in the compound.
“How are things at Stark Industries, Miss Potts?” He asked kindly. She gave him an appraising once over before she answered, “So far, things have been going well, we will see how they go after tomorrow morning.” Steve felt a little lost, was he supposed to know anything? His confusion must have showed on his face because Rhodes clarified, “There is a Press Conference tomorrow morning, Rogers. It’s to re-introduce the team to the public. Tony will be giving a statement.”
Steve had to admit, he was shocked watching Tony fight without the suit. He had obviously been practicing a lot and Steve had a feeling he recognized a lot of the moves as a mix of Natasha, Rhodes, and James, along with some others. Not only was Tony holding his own against James, but he was actually doing well, getting in his fair share of shots.
Tony waved his hand dismissively, "Pfft. Where else would they go? No one else wants to take them in and risk a political mess. But Wakanda, you just are small enough not to be an international spectacle, while still holding significant power. It's where I'd try and go."
A few moments later, the elevator doors opened and Secretary Ross strolled into the room like he owned it. He looked around for a moment before his gaze landed on Tony, slumped in a chair, his hair mussed up, a nearly empty bottle of scotch open in front of him.
Thor leaned on the table, which groaned slightly under his weight as he fiddled with one of the pens, which then snapped in his fingers.
He held his hand out for hers, which she offered him with a grin that said she knew he was being ridiculous and loved every moment of it. Tony took her hand in his and slid down on one knee theatrically as he kissed her small hand, his eyes sparkling. “I’ve waited months to see this beautiful face in person.” Shuri giggled at the silly man on his knees in front of her. Tony stood and pulled her into the room, saying, “Come here gorgeous, I’ve been waiting to bow and grovel at your sophisticated feet my entire life.”
“Keep it up, Widow, and you can have anything you want from me at anytime. You name it gorgeous and it’s yours.”
Pepper Pots, and Happy Hogan. Bucky and Rhodes both rushed forward as the group stepped off of the elevator.
Peter fell hard onto the training mat at Tony’s feet, having been knocked down yet again after going in too hard while they were boxing. Above him he heard Tony say, “Good Peter, again.” He huffed from his spot face down on the boxing ring mat before pushing himself up on his gloved hands and knees and standing up once again to take the defensive position he had been taught. “Keep your gloves up Peter, don’t put them down just because you think you see a shot. The second that defensive glove comes down, you give me an open floor.”
“I actually really like the guy. He’s a good fit. And he can ride ants into battle, I mean, give the guy some theatric points.” Tony said laughing.
“My friend, connection to the ship means nothing if there is no answer in return.” Thor tried, softly. Rocket’s face twisted in sarcasm as he replied, “Good thing I got a reply then, huh pretty boy?”
"Mr. Stark! Tony! Tony, you look fabulous, how are you feeling?" Tony stepped up to the reporter and gave her a lazy smile that stretched across his handsome face as he removed his sunglasses.
“I’m sorry about your son. You are obviously a wonderful father. I promise I will do whatever I can to help you bring him back. If it means sacrificing myself, I will gladly do so.”
Rhodes did not look impressed. “Taking care of yourself, really, is that what you’d call what you’ve been doing? Cause I would have to disagree, Tony.” Tony looked slightly taken aback by Rhodes tone. “Somethin’ you wanna say, Rhodey?”
“Hell yeah I heard, I’ve got the Super Soldier hearing too, punk. If I hadn’t been rooting for this for the last, I dunno,
Scott's calm voice broke through the haze of anger, asking, "Is she happy? Cassie, has she been safe and happy?"
Finally, after what seemed like forever, Tony whispered into the darkness, “I didn’t know that’s who he was. I had no idea, he was just some guy who came up to me at the Gala. And I didn’t do him any
Bruce's eyes were bright as he studied Tony intently. It was incredible to him, to watch Tony's mind and soul continuously surprise him. The world believed Tony Stark to be a selfish and cynical futurist. The truth was, at his core, Tony Stark believed in humanity almost more than anyone he had ever met. Tony trusted the world to look at James Barnes and see a man who had been in too much pain for far too long, instead of the murderous tool he had been turned into. Tony trusted the world to see James Barnes in a way that they had never been kind enough to see him in, although he deserved it just as much. Bruce felt the unfairness of the situation twist in his stomach.
Tony crushed her to him. It wasn’t fair, none of it was fair. They had all lost so much. He had tried to hate her, really he had, but in the end it wasn’t worth it. Only once had he found real peace at the bottom of a bottle, and it had been concerning Wanda Maximoff. When his drunken stupor had ended and his hangover was manageable, he had come to an impassable conclusion. Age was no excuse, not with powers like hers, but inexperience, loss, and loneliness were more credible. What if no one had given him a second chance. Or a third, fourth, fifth, etc.
Even a short moment was too long for Tony though, who cleared his throat and with a smile told Bucky, "Then move your ass outta my chair Barnes."
Tony came to an abrupt stop one stair above Steve and turned around to level his gaze at Steve, considering him. Steve did his best to stand still and keep his eyes on Tony. Their faces were nearly level, Tony only a bit above him. All Steve would have to do is lean forward and tilt his head slightly and he would feel Tony’s lips against his own. After a few moments passed Tony finally murmured, “You’ve also been practicing your listening, I see.” His eyes flickered to Steve’s lips for half a second.
So, now, he was on the plane home from the UN Session to Wakanda to deliver the news to the Rogue Avengers and James Barnes that his name had been cleared and he was welcome in the United States as a "guest" in the Avenger Compound. Just thinking about it made his migraine pound harder.
Tony stepped back, disgust evident on his face for only a moment more before it was replaced with a look so tired and so hollow, he looked like he had aged ten years in seconds.
The King was actually surprised that Tony had been so open to accepting Shuri's abilities. The shock must have read on his face because Tony chuckled again and leaned over the desk to fake whisper, "I've seen that Cat-Suit of yours. I'd say Wakanda is hiding a lot more than just a tech-savvy princess." Leaning back, he continued in his normal voice, "If you want to, I'm happy to partner with her, assist her, be assisted by her, trade ideas, whatever. I've been bored lately anyways. Nat says I can't keep drinking and smoking, so I'll have to find something else to occupy my time until we can get Barnes here." He finished with a shrug, arms crossed over his chest.
Tony’s mouth twitched slightly before he tilted his head upwards and pressed his lips against Steve’s for a moment. Steve hadn’t even had time to respond before Tony’s perfect soft lips were gone and he was pulling back again. He couldn’t have that, not when he was finally standing where he had been dreaming of, so he leaned forward to chase Tony’s mouth and recapture those lips with his own.
Steve’s throat still felt impossibly tight, but he willed himself to find his voice and quietly replied, “I don’t, Peter, I really don’t. But I’m trying. I’ll keep trying until the day that I die.”
Although he had told her quite a bit about the people in his life and the events, he had kept out most of his feelings about them. All she could tell you is that he missed those who had been exiled, but he had other strong and difficult feelings that muddled his thoughts, especially concerning the one known as “Captain” or “Rogers”, as Tony called him. He had been unwilling or unable to divulge much about that situation. The pain and avoidance in his eyes had told her that she should drop it for the time being.
“Ask the Scarlet Witch.” He spat as he tried to walk away to the door, but it was still locked and wouldn’t budge since he had demanded FRIDAY shut down.
"There it is. Do you know that's the first thing I recognized in you? That stupid look of disappointment. I saw it every single day of my life, every time I looked into the old mans eyes. You'll have to do better than that, Rogers, because you can't touch me with that shit at this level."
Steve couldn’t swallow past the lump in his throat. His eyes cataloged every inch and movement of Tony’s body in said suit. He’d seen Tony in his suits more than a million times, and he had shamelessly checked him out at least that many times. His suits had a way of hugging every delightful curve and accentuating his strengths. He happened to know that there were many many websites dedicated to Tony and his ass especially. Thank god no one but the Avengers themselves had gotten to see Tony in his skintight under suit. So far that gift has been reserved for the team only as they were gearing up or dressing down from a fight. If those pictures got out he had no doubt they’d break the internet. The sight of Tony in that black form fitting material had been added to Steve’s many guilty pleasures that saw him through nights alone in bed.
Steve started to choke on his water while Natasha was outright grinning at him now, her eyebrows bouncing with suggestion. Clint either didn’t notice Steve struggling to breathe, or he chose to ignore it.
Steve watched the exchange with a fond smile. Uncle Tony was absolutely endearing and quickly becoming one of his favorite parts Tony played. Cooper spoke first, “I shot 10 for 10 at the archery range yesterday. I beat everyone in my class!” Tony whistled, clearly impressed, and handed him the 3 Musketeer bar after checking out his story with Laura.
Tony pretended to look hurt at the King's obvious siding with the angry women. "And to think I invited you into my home tonight."
? What the hell, why would you sit in the shadows like that and where have you been? You are so lucky I decided to miss on purpose!"
Clint took a steadying breath and walked into the kitchen, leaning on the counter near Tony, who he knew was watching every movement he made, but was trying to pretend he wasn’t.
Tony swallowed and turned his head to the side for a moment. Clint waited, keeping his hand firmly on Tony’s shoulder. Finally, Tony gave him a quick nod and a small smile, the first genuine one he had given him since they came home.
He gave a tiny nod to Rogers instead of any answer before turning back to find Tony had walked to the opposite corner of the ring to get his water bottle from where James was offering it to him. He watched as Tony lifted the bottle and squirted the water into his open mouth and over his face to cool down. He snuck a look at Rogers, who’s smile had been cleanly wiped off his face watching the water drip down Tony’s face and chest as he shook his head to clear it from the water and sweat. Rogers looked like he was having trouble even breathing, his adam’s apple bobbing and his mouth hanging slightly open at the sight.
"I didn't want to let the people go. I was so close. And…I didn't want to listen to Captain Rogers." Peter's voice was a whisper, but Steve had the serum. He could hear it just fine.
“No you don’t know! You don’t know. I blamed you because you created that monster, and that was as far as I wanted to look. I have nightmares too. I showed you that horrible vision, and that led you to create Ultron.
Now, here James "Bucky" Barnes was, standing in front of the Avengers Compound staring up at the gate, his bag slung over his shoulder, not sure how to proceed.
Steve’s face heated up again as he pushed the stop button on the elevator and left them all inside, hearing a last, “His office is on the 89
The rest of them were left standing there in silence for a moment when the elevator doors opened again and Tony stuck his head out. “Science Squad is missing a member. Where is he? Lang, get your ass in here!” He called. Scott looked dumbfounded. “Me?” he said pointing to himself. Everyone looked between Scott and Tony. Tony gave Scott a distinctly unimpressed look. “We both know that you have considerable knowledge in the tech world, Lang, don’t try that innocent princess crap on me. This elevator has places to be so...” His eyebrows rose at Scott as he jerked his head towards the elevator. Scott looked so shocked he couldn’t move. Tony rolled his eyes. “Lang, if you aren’t in this elevator in 3 seconds, I’m sicking Peter and Shuri on you.” The mentioned teenager’s heads popped up over each of Tony’s shoulders. Scott obviously didn’t need anymore pressing and he hopped up and jogged himself over to the elevator. ‘Science Squad’ cheered as their last member joined the ranks.
"Well, if you what you say sounds crazy, you gotta at least say it with some flair, huh?" Tony quipped as they entered the workshop.
“Sleep, Tony. I’ll be here when you wake up.” Steve whispered, placing a kiss on top of Tony’s head.
"The only thing that will pardon the Winter Solider is to expose the truth. What happened to Barnes, the horror he endured, the life he was forced to forget, and worst of all, the lives he was forced to take. The public needs to watch The Winter Solider murder Howard and Maria Stark."
"I'm getting way too old for this; you guys know that right? One day when I can't stand and you all have to feed and dress me, you'll remember this moment."
Bucky gave him a meaningful look before turning to quickly snag one of Natasha's strawberries off her plate at the counter. She batted him away with a smile.
She only laughed at him a bit and held out her hand. He sat on the bed again as he deposited the box into her small palm. Holding up a finger, she pressed the tip of her pointer finger to one of the ovals and indicated he should do the same with the oval on the other side of the little box. For a moment, nothing happened, but looking closely he watched the intricate design begin to twist and shift, changing direction starting where his finger lay until it got to where her finger was touching. When it got to her finger, the pattern suddenly shifted and turned back towards his own finger, locking back into place.
Finally, with a last squeeze of each others biceps and shoulders, Tony pulled back and looked around T’Challa’s shoulder, his gaze turning reverent and his utterly charming smile sliding into place as he stepped around T’Challa and held his arms out to Shuri, who stood with her own smile, watching her brother greet the American genius.
Steve definitely did not whimper as Tony released his arm and stepped back as if nothing had happened.
"King T'Challa! King T'Challa!" The reporter called to the King, gaining his attention as they ascended the stairs. "Your Highness, it is wonderful to see you here tonight, how are you feeling?"
Tony turned towards T'Challa again, "So, I promise that no harm will come to the fugitive you've been holding in your country."
Thor turned to Nebula and gave her a nod of thanks. “You have taken care of our friend well, we are in your debt.”
The two women shot Tony a look that clearly communicated that they weren't fooled by his delaying tactic, but turned toward the King and smiled politely anyways.
Tony nodded thoughtfully. “I don’t see how its theoretical lack of continued existence makes it inconsequential, but if it helps you to think of it that way that’s your choice.”
"You seem to have recovered nicely, Mr. Stark." T'Challa commented coolly, his eyes leaving the hickey and scanning the crowd around them. Tony raised an eyebrow at this. Why did the King seem bothered by it?
Her laugh rang clear over the speakers. "I'm sure no one would mind a little bit of rattling. So listen, we got a call from Ross while you guys were on the ground. It seems there was a little problem with that terrorist cell we cleared out last month."
“Amended Sokovian Accords Section 141 Sub-Clause A-D: Contingent upon his signature, Captain Steven Grant Rogers has been pardoned by the UN and its Affiliates under the terms of the Accords. Possible future damages and responsibility demanded for actions deemed as a breach of agreements set within these Accords shall be attributed to the signed, as well as the co-signed party, who shall pledge consequences under the same.”
Peter continued to pout but had apparently resigned himself to his status as volunteer. Steve brought up the rear put a hand on the teen’s shoulder as he passed. “You’ll do great, Spider-Man.” He gave his shoulder a pat and then started to continue walking, but Peter’s voice asking him to wait stopped him. Peter’s eyes followed the forms of the others as they retreated to the viewing room on the balcony. Once they were out of regular earshot Peter focused again on Steve.
"You don't look fantastic." He pointed out. He knew he was pressing Tony's buttons. They had gotten really good at it after spending so much time together. Bucky really enjoyed Tony's company, it felt like a real friendship. Tony saw him exactly as he was, not as he remembered or wished he would be. It was refreshing.
Sam couldn't help but watch in awe as Steve's face lit up. Just talking about Tony Stark suddenly brought more life to Captain America than anyone had seen in months.
Steve has always had a problem with his imagination. It was beyond overactive. Normally, it wasn’t a problem, but right now, it was creating the potential for an embarrassing situation for him as he sat on the couch in the dark corner of Stark Industries largest conference room that Pepper’s assistant had informed them she and Tony would be entering momentarily.
Tony nodded and waved his other hand, “Fine, Steve, fine. Just tired.” He answered as he closed his eyes. Steve slowly raised a hand and placed it on Tony’s arm in what he hoped conveyed some sense of comfort. He was very aware of not wanting to cause Tony any distress or overstep any boundaries. “I’m not made of glass, Steve.” Tony said, eyes still closed.
Ross wouldn’t bow though. “You’ve asked to be involved in exactly 10 missions. Enough that the public sees the team again, just like old times, but you don’t want to stay with them?” Ross had a positively predatory smile on his face now. He had seen a chink in the armor and was going to chip away at it, hard. “Trouble in paradise, Stark? Are you finding it difficult to trust the people who stabbed you in the back and left you? Oh, I’m sorry, I mean, stabbed you in the chest?”
Rocket nodded. “She and I are all that’s left of the Guardians. Should be entering the atmosphere within the hour.”
working with your Royal friend to bring those assholes home, just like I thought.” He barked out a laugh at that. “You actually put yourself on the line, lied, paid people off, whored yourself around, and drank yourself nearly into oblivion, for them? Oh Stark, you are broken. They spent your money, lived in your home, killed your parents, lied to you, betrayed you, left you for dead! And yet here you are, their protector and savior after all.”
Tony dropped the packet of papers in the middle of the table and took the seat opposite Bucky, leaning over and placing one of the coffee cups in front of Bucky as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
“I had one fear Steve, just one. And guess what? It came true. You left. I thought it would be you dying, but there is more than one way to leave someone, isn’t there?”
The other who had shown the same dedication to him was Pepper. They had been though too much together for either of them to walk out of the others life. Even when they had finally realized that things wouldn’t work out between them romantically, they had remained close. She was always there for him, and for that he was endlessly grateful. She even remained at Stark Industries and handled everything they both knew Tony didn’t have the patience for. She deserved the best, Tony wasn’t that, and he never would be. They had let each other go and they loved each other all the more for it.
Scott turned an angry and guilty eye on both Steve and Tony. "Because the bad guys were still in there."
“Why am I-? For you, obviously. Can you walk?” He says as he approaches and squats down next to her, his hands hovering and large eyes flitting over her form as if they were looking for something.
Ross growled before his words were cut off by the sound of something slamming on the roof of the car. “Did that sound like a super soldier to you?” Tony asked. Gunshots ran through the air as the guards shot at a motorcycle that pulled up along side the car. “You do that and you’ll just make her mad!” Tony called to the guards currently shooting at Black Widow. One by one the SUVs were taken out by the Superheroes as the high speed chase continued through the streets. A stray bullet went through the back of the driver’s head, causing the car to suddenly careen out of control. The rear wheels caught on wreckage and the footage cut in and out as the car flipped and rolled multiple times before finally sliding to a stop under an overpass.
Bucky kept his eyes downcast as he shook his head, trying to clear the mist in his eyes. He jumped when he felt a hand rest on his shoulder. Looking up into Tony's eyes they shared a short moment.
Moments later, excitement at the announcement that Tony Stark's car was pulling up to the Gala broke and Sam heard Steve take a large breath and grip the couch cushions they were sitting on.
The most obvious one who was missing was Tony but as Steve looked around he noted that Spider-Man was also missing from the group.
me he would. Then suddenly we are breaking out of the raft and there is no Tony, no Vision, no Natasha, no Rhodey-" His voice broke on the last man's name.
"Tony, he tracked me down and sent me a message. Told me he needed me. Said if we had ever truly been friends, that I needed to hightail it back here. How could I say no to such a pleasant request?" His lopsided grin was enough to make her heart ache for how much she had missed him.
"Laura. Cooper, Lila, and Nathaniel are upstairs missing their daddy. You don't have to forgive him; you never have to forgive him. I've already promised you the best divorce lawyers if that's the way you want to go, but honey, we both know you don't really want that. Talk to him. At least try."
Despite his words, it was easy to hear fondness in his voice as he threw an oil stained rag at Bucky's head as he walked by.
Steve couldn't help but stop for a moment in the cool New York night air. Breathing deeply, he let the feeling of home wash over him as he looked out to the Compound. He felt his breath catch at the familiar building.
She smiled as she laid her head on his shoulder as they sat on the floor together, “I know. I’ve just felt it.”
For a horrible moment, Steve thought Tony was going to shake him off, but instead Tony gave him a light smile and leaned into the touch a bit, thanking him. Emboldened, Steve moved to place one hand on Tony’s arm and the other on the middle of his back as he walked. He glanced at Peter, who gave him a knowing smile and a subtle thumbs up. Having Peter’s support, Steve felt relief. He knew without a doubt in order to find any kind of place with Tony, he would need the kid’s approval.
The kids had some racing game up on the television and the girls were laughing at Cooper’s frustration as Peter was winning.
Tony suddenly stiffened, “Oh now you want to talk, huh? Now that Saint Rogers wants to talk I should stop and drop everything. Hold on, let me get a pen and paper so I can take notes.”
“You know how to lead, Rogers, but you don’t know how to be part of a team. I didn’t either, and I’ve been alone for a long time, but when you came swinging into the picture I did my best to fall in step behind you. I’ve never done that before for anyone else, not even Pepper.” He whispered the last words. After a short pause he continued. “When I told you about SHIELD making weapons, you didn’t wait with me like the others did, you went off alone and found your own proof. When you suspected James and Winter Soldier you didn’t come to me for help, even though I know that you knew my tech would be the quickest way to locate him and the truth. You worked alone.” He took one step closer to the door where Steve stood, hanging on to his every word.
Fifteen minutes later they all met in the garage, wearing hats and sunglasses in a sad hope to attempt to go out with some anonymity. Getting into Tony’s White Audi R8, Sam looked like he was about to die of happiness as James let him slide into the front seat. Once inside, James leaned forward between them and said, “Sam, I’m going to ask you this only once. Can you move your seat up?”
Upon entering the QuinJet, he stopped short at the sight of Bucky leaning on the co-pilots chair, looking at him with a huge smile. Steve dropped his bag and in a few short strides he and Bucky were embracing in a tight hug. Although he didn't want to let go, he forced himself to loosen his grip and lean back, sharing a blinding smile with his oldest friend.
Steve felt his chest flush with warmth at that. Tony was always so strong and so brave, of course he would be the only one apart from Thor to do any damage. He knew he wasn’t hiding his feelings very well, but this woman obviously knew something more about him. She knew that Tony was a vulnerable spot, that was obvious by the way she was almost addressing him as she spoke. Why? Why was she driving the knife into his heart while holding his gaze as she did it? What was she looking for?
Natasha and Rhodes shook their heads. They were all knocked down to their knees by a blast coming from the building Ant-Man had been trying to rescue the hostages from. Glass from the 5th floor shot out in all directions.
The doors slid open and over a dozen armed guards stepped on to the floor, raising their automatic weapons and pointing them at the gathered Avengers while yelling for them to put their hands in the air.
Bucky's smile now stretched across his whole face, lighting it up in a way Steve never thought he would ever see again. His heart swelled as he thought of the cause; Tony. The man who hid behind a façade of thorny distance and lone wolf persona.
She gave him a small smile and said, "You, Steve, you are not alright. Your thoughts and emotions are so loud it's like you are screaming. You have been in pain since we left and it has been getting worse, but just now in there, it was like I felt something break. These are your emotions, Steve."
Tony’s voice could be heard over the comms, directing the team and leading with complete confidence and efficiency. Steve sat and listened intently, abandoning the idea that he would be helping from his seat at the compound. Instead, he grabbed a notepad and pen and started to take notes on what Tony saw as Iron Man that Steve wouldn’t have seen if he were on the ground, how he utilized the team members present, how he prioritized the events, everything he could take in.
Tony looked up at Steve sullenly.  Apparently he could deny Steve things after all.  "Why should I?"
Steve turned away from Tony and walked up to the wall, putting his fist through it.  Pain erupted in his knuckles and Tony flinched at the sound.  Ignoring the pain and Tony, Steve looked at the hole he just created.  "Clint and Natasha-"
Susan felt like she was grasping at straws trying to find the words that would make Kes and Leo better.  Was she failing them, for not finding them soon enough or...
Steve didn't dare contradict her by mentioning that she'd just been complaining about it.  First battles were a lot to take in.  "Are you hurt?" he asked, not sure how else to react in this situation.  Pepper was the one who always seemed put-together.
Tony honestly didn't think he could say no to anything if Steve was going to smile at him like that.  "Yes.  I mean, sure," Tony said, stumbling over the words as all of his usual charm left him.  "I know just the place."
"I... what?"  Iron Man said, hurt permeating through his voice as he took a step back.  "What are you talking about?  Natasha and Clint are my friends too."
"We can't hold them off here," Steve said, quickly assessing the attack.  "Leon, get your sister and wait for Susan's signal.  Tony and I can distract them enough to-"
As long as Fury let Steve decide how far to compromise, he could agree for now.  He was pretty sure if he did find something SHIELD shouldn't know, Fury would still keep it quiet even if he did find out.  He did wonder what Iron Man's involvement with all of this was though.  He stood and picked up the tray.  "Fair enough.  Is that all, sir?"
"Mother and sister.  His sister was the one who called me earlier.  Mrs. Rhodes has been sick recently and they couldn't chance the flight.  She asked if I could come while she was getting ready," Stark...  Tony replied dully.  It was hard to think of him so distantly in a situation like this.
"This time I don't mind," Steve said, pulling Tony to his feet.  "Let's take the night off, you and me."
"Is that when Tony started acting strangely?" Steve asked.  Bruce nodded.  Guilt flared up; Steve had been the one to suggest contacting Doom.  "I don't like the sound of this."
Tony whined, not that he particularly wanted to admit he'd made such a sound.  The only reason he didn't turn away when Pepper gave him an ice chip was because his throat hurt and Pepper was glaring at him.  It was unpleasantly cold, and he refused the second one with a pleading glance.
Steve closed his eyes, leaning back in his chair.  "Lots of things," he said with an out rush of breath.  "But I'll start with hugging you earlier.  That wasn't right of me, given our... history."
"Thanks!" she said, snapping another, then moving away and looking at her phone to check the picture.
"So if you don't want to know who Iron Man is, what do you want, sir?" Steve asked.  "Why come to me?"
He didn't wait for permission to put the coffee in the microwave.  It was thankfully very similar to the one in the common room, so Steve had no problems with the timer.  "Sorry," Steve said as the light in the microwave turned on.  "I should have mentioned I brought it earlier when it was still hot."
"That's what we could tell from the bits of the message we decoded before it was blocked," Jane replied.  "Tony said no one else was going to die because of him and after the message was recorded he was going in."
"What's wrong with me?" he muttered, rubbing his temples as he tried to focus.  He'd made the first suit in a cave while being tortured.  This should be a piece of cake, so why was his mind running so slowly?
That night in the penthouse.  That had been after Tony had presumably heard the message from his future self.  He'd been almost in tears at just the sight of Steve.  Was that him pushing Steve away or wanting to see Steve one last time?  He could have - probably would have - sent down a message telling Steve to come back another time before that.  But he didn't.
"For listening and staying with me," Steve replied, bringing up Tony's hand and kissing the palm.  "And if you ever do want to tell me, I'd be honored to return the favor."
"'Pretty swell,' he says," Tony muttered, looking away.  Of course Steve had already seen them.  That didn't make the disappointment any less crushing.  He tried to hide it, but by the expression on Steve's face, he hadn't been quick enough.
Steve wasn't a hero.  He couldn't save Tony from himself or the bottle, couldn't arrest those men without killing them.  He also didn't think he'd mind much if his virtue weren't intact when he went for his morning ride, but that was probably a thought best saved for when he hadn't been drinking.  He was, thankfully, still clear-headed enough to recognize that.
Steve nodded again, pressing his eyes shut against the pin-pricking sensation.  Tony didn't need to deal with Steve's nightmares.  Steve just had to get himself under control.  Again.
"Huh," Tony said, pushing aside thoughts of experiments to see the limits of draconic telepathy.  He touched Steve's wing for added measure, since touch made the telepathy stronger from what Tony could tell.  While he wasn't all that comfortable sharing his thoughts, the dragons seemed to hear the top ones regardless.  Besides, he'd woken up to Steve curled around him the past two days because he'd been too tired from digging to make a proper shelter.  It wasn't like Steve was going to tell anyone his secrets.  "Can I see your drawings now?" Tony asked.
"These images were taken from a site called Tumblr," FRIDAY said. "Though there are many more sites such as DeviantArt, Instagram, and others."
"I must be terrible," she said quietly.  "I should just want them to be happy, but I'm jealous of my own brother.  They hurt him more, so I shouldn't want..."
Steve pulled back, realizing he was crowding him.  He smiled at Tony's wide-eyed, flushed appearance.  He leaned back in to kiss Tony's nose when he couldn't help himself.  "There you are, Shellhead," Steve said softly, rubbing Tony's cheek.
Steve sighed.  "They need us in the War," he agreed.  "I'm needed back on the front, and you need to fix the armor and work on undermining Hydra."
"We've evacuated everyone we could," Peggy said.  "We of the guard will stay to try to protect the city.  Sam-"
"Told you," Rhodey said, calling Steve's attention to him and Pepper.  Even Happy was there, grinning broadly at all of them.  They looked just as proud as Steve felt.
He heard a sigh, then felt Tony's hand on his cheek.  "I know, honey, but you've got to give me some space here.  Were you this clingy with Bucky when he came back?"
The sound of bullets ricocheting off the armor reminded him of his other problem.  He fired a low powered blast at Viper, but the ground shook again and threw them both off balance.
Steve sucked in a breath.  Iron Man had said Stark didn't have a good relationship with his father, but that was an understatement.  Stark went on, ignoring Steve's reaction entirely.  "People form first impressions within a tenth of a second of meeting someone.
.  There was nothing about Steve's face to give him away, but the hand furthest from Kor'la'vin was tapping.  It was a matter of microseconds to translate the Morse code.  S-T-A-L-L.
Looking away, Steve wished more than anything that he could go with her.  "I'll be around," he said finally.
, he was starting to see.  He closed his eyes, imagining Iron Man's gauntlet around his waist, but Tony's lips pressing against his and demanding his attention.
He smiled as he reopened his eyes.  Sharon and Peggy touched their wings together, not looking at him.   "You got one of those miracle cures for my ribs too?" Tony asked, getting the impression they were talking about him.
Steve decided on the latter when Doom started to walk towards the bed, because they were far too vulnerable to trust a super-villain right now.  Doom stopped as Steve planted his feet, keeping himself between Doom and the bed, his chin stubbornly set even if it meant taking his eyes from Tony.
of those.  The lucky girl won't even know what hit her.  You don't have to get second hand tips from Natasha, buddy.  Seriously, it's all in the tongue."
Wanda's breath hitched softly.  "After Pietro died, I was angry all over again.  You helped me realize that there was more to life than anger."
Rhodey picked up a tablet that had been on the counter, unlocking it and sliding it over to Steve.  He wondered how much Rhodey had set up in advance, then glanced through the tabs that were open.  A lot, apparently.
"You think they'd tell me I can't go somewhere?" Fury said, raising his eyebrows.  "Or that I'd give them a choice?"
Steve focused on how ridiculous it was that Tony Stark made an armor whose lights went off when the wearer fell asleep, because thinking of how good it felt to have Iron Man against his shoulder hurt too much.  His breath caught anyway, and he fought back the wave of
The blond man had been smiling before, but he started to frown when he saw Steve.  "Is he authorized to be on this floor?" 'Happy' asked, advancing on a startled Steve.  "Where's your badge, buddy?"
"Alright!" Jan said.  "We can work you in.  We don't want to make you into a villain though, because that's a stereotype we don't need to play into.  How about you and Carol save me through the power of Friendship?  You can catch me when I swoon when the chip is broken.  Oh!  Or you could save Tony!  I can kidnap him and have him in my villainous clutches!"  The latter she said looking at Steve specifically, and he hated the mischief in her voice.
THOR flies overhead with NATASHA as the rest of THE AVENGERS, minus BRUCE, gallop across the desert toward the GHOST TOWN. STEVE is looking half terrified as he’s riding behind TONY, who is loving every second of STEVE clinging onto him for dear life. They pass by an old wooden sign that says “Welcome To Avenger, population
“Ok. And it’s the same for me. I might have crushed on Captain America for half my life, but Steve Rogers is way hotter than that guy ever was.”
So they left, and Steve picked a seat where he could watch Tony, still in his costume, chatting with a couple other guys in lingerie like it was the most normal thing in the world. And the pane of glass between Steve and his environment was back, but this time instead of watching passively through it he was pressing his nose against it, longing to come in, wishing he could stand comfortably next to Tony as he schmoozed and cracked jokes and be in it with him. His arm around Tony’s back, feeling him pressed against his side while Steve’s fingers trailed down his bare shoulder…
“Come on out now, Miss Romanov. Nowhere you can go,” said Hammer. “And don’t bother leaving the scepter in the vent. We know you have that too.”
This guy was killing his way through the upper and middle classes. He’d’ve been toast two murders in.
Points for practicality and nothing else. C’mon, fellas, I know for a FACT that stabbing is great for core muscles and shapely arms. Let’s see’em!
Cap, I’m not going to get my goddamn dick wet, ok? Besides, Nat should take the saloon. There’s probably some rough-and-tumble types there, and we need someone who can get close enough to their pockets to see if there’s an artifact in them without raising any eyebrows. I can do that for sex workers, Nat can do that for cowboys.
Within seconds she texted back, “Party’s in two hours. I’ll tell her your gift is in the mail. Take a shower, and don’t you dare come if you’re not sober.”
Tony turned toward Bruce, and the two of them had an entire conversation with only their facial expressions and body language (Steve really needed to get a PhD in something), before Tony said, “Steve, could you please tell Bruce that you’re perfectly happy going to a drag show, and they can all wait till next year?”
Yeah, I can see Vanko sprawled out behind the boulder. Looks like our brains are casting the bad guys appropriately.
“Hold on, sweetie, I’ve got a point to make,” she said as she shifted to face him more directly. “You don’t like
Tony groaned. The last time he’d tried to skip movie night, Natasha had literally hog-tied him and carried him to the common room. If he left now, he might be able to get far enough away to avoid her, but he’d be out of town if the team got a call, and Natasha would find a way to make him pay for it later.
“JARVIS, play back the last 10 seconds of whatever Tony was just listening to,” said Steve. He listened, and then he grinned.
“I think there are some things going on that I don’t understand,” said Steve finally, “but let me address the ones that I do first. I should’ve listened to you when you said we shouldn’t go."
“I love you too, Tony,” said Steve, taking Tony’s hands in his. “I have for a while. I just— God, this is not how I wanted to tell you. But I do. I love you.”
“It’s the only way, Tony,” said Steve, and there were tears in his eyes. “Hanahaki won’t progress if the person you love is— isn’t there anymore.”
“You know, before the night’s over, you and I really should talk about coordinating an event in New York City. Either a fundraiser for some of the bigwigs here, or maybe something for the guys in the shelter,” said holo-Jade
See, this is why I never told you. You take everything I say and you turn it into one big joke, because that’s what the whole damn world is to you.
“I’m just glad we stopped for food first,” said Tony, “Thanks for the sandwiches, Bruce. I’m stuffed.”
Steve felt some of the tension leave his gut. Then he said, “It’s just… hard for me to wrap my mind around, you know? Voluntarily not being with someone you love.”
“It makes it easier to connect to the 21st century, Tony. I’d call that an improvement,” said Steve. “And I don’t spend all my time working anymore, now I’ve got something else to do.”
“Mmhmm, and when were you going to tell Clint and Tasha that you knew what they were signing to each other?” asked Tony.
Tony squinted at Rhodey and Pepper. They were trying really, really hard to look innocent right now. And now Tony realized what they’d been talking about before they’d come into the theater to join him and Steve.
Alright, Steve wanted a fight? Tony could give him a fight. He reached back in his mind and found the tent poles that had been holding up his justification for staying away from Steve and brandished them like lances against an onslaught.
“Aw, none of that, Bruce— may I call you Bruce? And please, call me Justin, we’re all friends here,” said Hammer.
“I was going to ask you tonight if you wanted to make a project of this for 2015,” said Tony, as he unfolded the paper and handed it over to Steve. Steve took it and read.
“And you’re demisexual, which means I can’t hook you up with a date the night of and hope for the best. So if you’re gonna be a completionist, you should think about getting back out there.”
“Then I would’ve sent Captain America to give her a stern talking-to. I’m told that makes people see sense.”
“Ah… why?” asked Bruce as he pulled the shirt over his head. It was Tony’s Christmas present from last year, and it read, “Call me DNA helicase, because I’m unzipping those genes.”
The elevator doors open and THE AVENGERS enter. The walls are already oozing — whether with blood or something else, it’s too dark to tell. There’s a scream of something haunting and bloodthirsty in the wind that whips across the jagged shards of glass from the broken floor-to-ceiling windows. The shadows move with demons unseen, and the only source of light is the television, which is showing static that periodically breaks into a series of images. A disembodied smile with too many teeth, ants devouring a blood red fish on a beach, a close-up of a terrified eye.
if we’re making educated guesses, then I say we put the roof, Clint’s floor, the pool, and the gym in the unlikely pile. And that we start looking in the middle and move outward.”
God dammit. I promise I’m not trying to start a flame war, it’s just like I’m getting pulled under by the current here.
Tony went quiet. Because hearing the L-bomb fall so casually and so despairingly from Steve’s lips was a brand new gouge in Tony’s heart, and he needed a second to recover from it. Steve noticed though, and said, “Did you really not think I was in love with you?”
Wanted to add - just saying "no" should be fine, but if you're worried about looking rude, pay attention to what Steve and Tony did. "No" + move the ball into the other party's court on something else. "Don't touch the arc reactor" + "Can I send you a paper on arc tech?" and "Don't touch my abs" + "Do you want to take a selfie?" Other examples can be "I don't want to talk about my diet" + "Have you seen [movie]?" and "Don't touch my hair" + "Can I borrow your pen?"
“Glad to hear you’re branching out,” said Tony. “Lord of thunder, master of sticks. It’s a brave new pantheon.”
They’d continued walking down the spiral ramp towards the exit when Steve decided to make a tactical sacrifice.
“Yes, if you were a sufficiently powerful sorcerer,” says Thor. “However, it would be very, very difficult, since you would be fighting water’s natural properties. It would make more sense to use almost anything else. Why do you ask?”
Steve snorted, then (reluctantly?) slid his right hand out from under Tony’s and signed, “I was crying laughing when you mimed punching Loki in the dick. You didn’t see?”
” said Tony pointedly and a bit breathlessly. “We have two and a half hours till those doors unlock and even if we didn’t, there is no fucking
Tony looks ready to blow his top, but then Steve says, “Hey Bruce, why don’t we go down to the gym and spar?”
“Aye,” said Thor from where he was standing, scratching his beard. “Many a night has been spent here in this room, listening to him wallow pathetically over your lack of returned affection.”
“Yeah, but Steve?” said Tony as he smiled and brought his hand up to stroke the side of Steve’s face, “It was a really good minute.”
Tony didn’t say anything. Which had the opposite effect he intended — when Nat noticed he wasn’t making egregious lies about avoiding Steve, she got suspicious.
“What can I say? I have a type,” said Thor with a shrug. “Although personally I’d much rather sleep with the gym.”
What were you born under a rock? Betty fucking White! Rose Nylund, the jewel of St. Olaf! And yes, that is Steve lifting her on a motorcycle before her career took off.
Ah, shit. Tony left Steve off the list of people he considered friends because he didn’t want to assume
“Jane and I have an understanding that anthropomorphized versions of inanimate objects don’t count as cheating,” says Thor with a shrug.
“You weren’t listening before,” said Tony. “The scepter’s not the only thing you keep in a vault. Or, should I say,
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” said Clint, who’d just taken a tray of shots from the waitress who’d appeared at the doorway a moment ago and was already downing one.
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
"I don't want this on the network," Steve said, shaking his head.  Tony was right.   If whoever is behind those robots can teleport all of the bits and pieces out, then hacking would probably be child's play.
to be another way out of this. Steve refused to accept this outcome.  Maybe if he threw his shield at the chair it would disrupt-
"And that staff was controlling everyone.  I just lucked out, cause I'm pretty sure Mr. Stark wasn't thinking about its resistance to alien technology when he built the suit," Iron Man said.  "It wasn't you, Steve.  It wasn't even that bad.  Don't beat yourself up over it."
Tony's eyes went wide.  "That's not what I expected from a woman in a temple," he grit out.  He'd heard of the Serpent Society, a band of mercenary criminals that had been terrorizing Europe even when he was a simple adventurer.  He had a few narrow misses with meeting them, but never had he heard their leader was a beautiful woman.  He had the feeling if Rhodey were here, the man would be telling him that he always had a bad feeling about her.  Or he would just berate Tony for trusting someone with a snake motif.  Not one of his better moments, he'd admit.
Tony sat down on the dais after Peggy led him there.  The stone was warm, but thankfully not scorching, and he took off his boot and rolled up his pants with a wince. His leg was swollen from all the walking he'd been doing, and it was a relief to not be on it.  He held it up for Sharon to see.
"I've been holing up down here since then.  No one comes down here and I can sneak food in the morning before anyone comes in.  I haven't... Not since I've remembered.  I haven't seen them."
"Tony Stark," she spat, crossing her arms over her chest and looking away.  "Double-dealing bastard.  I bet all of this is just a way to get back into people's good graces so they'll look the other way when he starts up again.  You never see
"You stopped," Steve said, pushing down the petty part of him that was a little glad for Tony's misery.  "Doesn't take a genius to know you weren't lashing out because of me."
"You've gotten beaten up because someone said the wrong thing about her, haven't you?" Tony said, a smile teasing at his lips even as he tried to hide his amusement.
Closing his eyes, Steve let out a breath as he tried to calm his beating heart.  He pushed his palm into his eye, then laughed as he rubbed.  "Hell of a way to wake up," Steve said, slumping onto a stool.
"I shall await your return," Viper said.  "Please, be careful of the dragons.  You shouldn't trust them."
Mem: I just really felt the need for some BAMF Sam pulling ridiculously dangerous last second saves and generally being awesome.  And tentacles, because in what universe has Tony not run into tentacles?  None, that's what universe.  It's a universal constant, even for non-powered universes.  XD  Plus, an added bonus of Steve falling out of trees.  I had fun with this part, what can I say.  I really couldn't resist adding in a small reference to AoU when I got back from watching it though.  It was like... the scene of him opening the secret passage was already in the fic.  How could I resist?  XD
"Besides," Jan said as Tony sucked on his finger, "If they won't make a female superhero movie, I might as well just turn to crime.  I can steal from the Hollywood execs even!"
Steve forced a smile, knowing he was only making Iron Man feel worse and hating himself for it.  "Don't worry about me, Shellhead.  He's right.  It's a good precaution until we find out who's behind this and why they're doing it."
"You can't solve every problem with food, ya know," Susan replied, though she looked a little better already.
"Iron Man?" Steve asked, his voice confused.  "Whatever he's telling you it's not true.  Just let him go and we'll deal with him."
"I saw the footage.  Natasha and I were just making sure they hadn't gotten any important information, but those were...  private.  We should have waited."
"I snuck out during the day," Steve said.  "The guards weren't paying attention to a lowly technician, so I slipped out."
Clint shrugged, taking over the dishes that Iron Man had left.  "He's a puzzle.  One I keep trying to poke at to see if he'll let us solve it.  Don't you think it's weird that he gets upset when we talk about Stark, but never defends the man?  If he and Stark are friends, why does he do that?"
JARVIS didn't answer right away, and Steve waited patiently.  "Mr. Stark wishes to inquire if you are down there to destroy the machine?"
"A quarter days' walk beyond the ridge," she said, her voice soft and gentle as she spoke.  She motioned gracefully to the left at a small hill littered with trees.
That got her a bark of dark laughter.  "Sweet pea, you really don't want to follow my way of dealing.  Or Steve's.  We're both absolute crap at these things, and we can probably tell you more about how
"I have a very fine appreciation of the fairer sex," Tony said.  "They tend to have a lot more sense than we do."
Steve snorted, though his nostrils were flared in amusement.  "I've got things I can do here," Steve said, going back to the original conversation.  "Not bored.  Besides, how would you get back to the city if no one was here?"
"But he's not," Steve finished for him.  "I don't think he ever understood that I wasn't there for any reason other than to be friends with him."
Stark pulled it out and frowned at the screen, then popped a small device into his ear as he held up a finger to Steve to say 'just a moment'.  "Tony Stark.  What's up, honey bee?  Haven't heard from you in a while."
Damn.  He had to tangle with a true believer, didn't he?  Whatever happened to the innocent priestesses who just took care of their temples?  "Steve-"
"Steve, not even four weeks ago you didn't even know what humans looked like without their clothes," Tony said.
"You're not going to make this easy on me, are you?" Steve said, rubbing his eyes with the palm of his hands.
The healer's room was a large, open space with several stone daises.  A hornless, light blue dragon and a phoenix chest plate came up to them, calling the dragon name-feeling.  Tony translated it to 'Peggy' after a moment's thought.
"Shh," Tony said, listening for the sounds of the jungle.  Even by the gate, there were strange birds and some of the biggest insects he'd had the misfortune to meet, but they all made noise.
"Because she was impressed with you," Natasha said, surprising Steve.  "And she knows a first meeting won't change much, but she's willing to keep scheduling you in as long as you're still willing to try."
Tony was in the workshop.  He didn't remember coming down, but he suspected it didn't matter.  The suit was laid out before him, but his concentration felt fuzzy.  He tried to focus, make the details clearer, but even rubbing his eyes didn't help.  Maybe he was tired?  He didn't feel tired, and he could usually work pretty well through exhaustion.  It felt like there was a noise in the back of his head that got louder when he-
"Let's see what kinky things make a national icon blush," Tony said, hacking Steve's phone with a depressingly fast amount of speed.
The blue dragon flattened closer to the ground, folding his wings against his back in a posture that looked like shame.  "He was thinking of armies!  And others that would follow him down to see the city!" the male voice said, apparently coming from the blue dragon.  "You know what happened the last time we let a human in.  He killed-" another name-feeling: Green, Gray and Brown.  Curiosity and wonder as wide and big as the cavern sky.  The scent of wind on a summer day, and the tang of sweet spices and minerals from the earth's secret places.  Deep magic that was as malleable as a branch in the wind..  "-and..."
Steve launched himself into the tree, using the same sort of jump that dragons used to get airborne.  But his wings were tightly folded against his back instead of spread and his claws were out, gripping the side of the tree.  Tony held back a laugh as Steve scaled the tree, sometimes resting on a thicker branch for a moment before pressing onward.
.  He was everything Tony wished he could be and more.  He was grumpy in the mornings and curious about the upper world, wanting to learn about it as much as Tony did about the dragons.  He was gentle with the young dragons and he had a dry sense of humor that Tony appreciated more than he'd care to admit.  He was so stubborn that Tony wanted to strangle him sometimes, but a flair of his nostrils and the warmth of his tail made Tony give in.  It was hard not to fall a little bit in love with Steve, no matter how much Tony knew it would only lead to heart break.
Tony's eyes were blank for a moment before they returned to their normal brown.  Steve shivered, wondering if that happened when he was looking at data too.  "Looks like he's having a bad reaction to whatever drug they gave him," Tony said calmly.  There was a barely perceptible tightness about his shoulders that gave away the fact he was upset too, and Steve longed to pull him into a hug.  Steve fought down the urge and set Kestrel down on the bed, brushing some of the hair out of her face.
," Tony said in exasperation.  Steve felt a little guilty for presuming, but Tony had nearly gotten them discovered the last time he'd 'picked up a few things' for Susan on his own.  "But I've got the shipment logs as well as the prisoner transfers upstairs.  We may be needing two more sets soon, after all."
that made Tony ache just a little.  "-protection.  That is what these crests mean," Peggy said, nodding to the stone crests they each wore.
your money, Mr. Stark," she said with a warm smile.  "See you guys!  Thanks again, Cap!"  She waved once more before exiting the room with the sculpture.
Tony laughed.  It was a small and broken sound, but he felt better than he had since he'd been found.  "You're pushing forward on your center of gravity too much.  You just have to get used to being human.  And stop being so self-conscious and over-analyzing things."
"Why'd ya get involved, Stark?" Steve asked.  He eyed the kitchen table, then sank down to the floor, leaning over his legs as he rested his arms around his knees.  He could have rested his forehead on them, but he wanted to see Stark's face when he answered.
Shrugging, Steve ate the fry. "Didn't see much point. Like I said, I can still draw, and it's not like I need to do it for a paycheck."
Steve closed his eyes, blocking off Tony's hurt and anger to focus on his own and the nausea that was quickly taking over.  He took a deep breath then counted to ten, repeating the process a few times.
Steve was a bit shy sometimes, but it was surprisingly easier to talk to people online. It was nice to meet people without Captain America hanging over his head. It'd been a long time since he'd been plain old Steve Rogers, and that was more of a relief than he'd have thought.
Sharon and Peggy looked at each other again, and Peggy's tail curled around his waist comfortingly.  "There is too much metal.  Metal resists our magic and makes it harder to heal.  I do not think even our best healer could do much for you, not without killing you or the healer first."
"You..." She listed forward, and Susan caught her this time.  Steve stepped back, giving the girls some space.
Tony held his breath, his cheek almost close enough to brush against Steve's.  Steve flicked through the tablet Tony had left on the table, apparently giving their closeness no mind.  He closed out all the programs with ease.  "I think you've done enough work for the day."
Stark tried to yank away, but Steve kept his grip strong.  He didn't know if this was the right course of action.  In fact, he was pretty sure it might make things worse.  But Steve wasn't backing down on this one.  The fact that Stark was opening up at all was a marvel, and he wasn't going to let this chance pass him by.
"Don't know, but the circuitry on this thing isn't Doom's.  Doom is good for someone who mass produces, and he's hellish on his own turf, but this is..."
Kor'la'vin teleported and Rhodey fired another pulse immediately at 130 degrees.  A scream erupted.  Susan turned to see Kor'la'vin fall to the ground, her face obviously a Skrull's now.
"I thought the measure of your dates was how badly you struck out," Natasha replied with a sweet smile.  "And you're gonna today."
The man was more amused than he was letting on, so Steve leaned back on the park bench he'd been sitting on.  "You know that would only spark more interest."
Whipping his head around, Steve was greeted with a very welcome sight lounging in Kang's chair.  "Iron Man!"
"Human names for the poor human to say," Peggy said, amusement lacing her tone.  "Do you like it?  I picked it out just for you."
Leo leaned heavily on the cane they'd found him, but he tried to keep his weight evenly placed in the brace she and Tony had hastily constructed.  He was much worse for wear than Kes, but Susan felt her heart-rate speed up when he smiled at her.
"What?  Like I said, I'm pretty sure Stark enjoys the challenge," she said.  "But I don't think he'd go back to Afghanistan willingly, since that was where he was kidnapped in the first place.  I think you're right that something is wrong."
"Easy, kiddo," Tony said, his voice soft and reassuring in her ear.  It was more intimate hearing his voice in the suit rather than seeing him at the base.  There was no muffled or tinny quality to the voice, just Tony right there in her ear.  It never bothered her with JARVIS, but it was a little weird with Tony who she saw with a corporeal body every day.
Steve glared at Doom instead, pushing away his own numbness for later.  "Is that why you came here? To show us that?"
The skull gleamed in the light of the moss lantern, giving off an eery glow that hadn't been there before.  What if it was the Red Skull's remains?  He was the one who started Hydra during the Great War.  Except Hydra didn't die with him.  It spread, taking over his father and who knows how many others.  Tony hadn't even noticed the change.  He'd lived with his father for two years after the war and no one had noticed.
“We’d be here all week if I had to list mine and sadly, we have more pressing matters,” said Tony. “J, dim the lights, mirror the tablet on the screen.”
,” said Tony, as he stared at something slightly to their left, then looked up. “The camera guy must be Deaf.”
Note for assistive tech users: This is stylized to look like a very old computer screen, with green, blocky text on a black background
“Oh what, you think we didn’t turn out like Germany because we’re America and we don’t do that bullshit? I remember the
“But I didn’t realize how much overlap there was between ASL and facial expressions and body language and just using space in interesting ways. It was pretty neat to watch. And I now understand way better why ASL-translating gloves never seem to take off when they get reinvented every other year or so.”
Natasha stood up, cracked her neck, then leaned her palms onto the table and looked around the room.
“I know. That’s another reason why I wanted you to stay in the suit,” said Steve irritably, before he said, “Clint, do we have a perimeter?”
And just like that, Steve felt like the biggest asshole in Avengers tower because, God help him, Tony was right. Steve tried to open his mouth to say so, which was when he realized his jaw was clenched. And then that every single thing about his posture was was also in a combat stance; his hands were in fists, his shoulders were back, and his feet were planted like he was ready to throw a punch for Christ’s sake. Tony had taken a big damn risk dressing down Captain America when he looked this threatening, which made Steve feel even worse.
Mrs. Romanov, I don’t believe you’ve met our third player. This is John Peters. He’s a bible salesman passing through on his way to Defender. John, this is Mrs. Romanov. Her late husband owned the gold mine.
Steve got off the train one stop before the end, because something about going to the end of the line alone felt painful in a way Steve didn’t feel like examining closely. He walked back into the fog he’d been living in since Halloween and didn’t realize where he was going until he noticed the familiar sound of his feet hitting wooden boards.
“Yes, Bruce is very worried about the fish. Anyway, you’ve now got the afternoon all to yourselves. You can talk it out, fight it out, fuck it out, whatever you have to do. But please, for the love of God,
Steve’s hand stopped Tony’s just as Tony was hiking up Steve’s shirt. Tony looked into Steve’s eyes and saw they were wild with the same want Tony was feeling. But Steve swallowed, and practically croaked, “Tower. We need to get back to the tower.”
Tony was in his usual spot, a small distance away from the bed, staring at Rhodes like he was memorizing every detail.  Whenever there was someone in the room, Tony would chat, moving constantly with his hands or tapping his feet.  But when Steve caught him alone like this, he was still and silent, a detail that unnerved Steve the more he got to know Tony.  It didn't feel right, seeing Tony so still.  It was strange too, that he always kept a distance from the bed.  Rhodes wasn't sick, so it wasn't because he was contagious.  But Tony always at as far back as he could.  It was like he was holding himself back for some reason, or hiding.
He could feel Steve's hurt.  One bond ripped away and another that didn't want him.  "No, Steve, that's not-"
Rhodey, on the other hand, turned away and threw his cane at the wall in an explosion of anger.   "God damn it, Tony," he said, his shoulders shaking.  Steve could see his hands curling into fists as his head bowed.
Ms. Potts was staring at the desk by the window with a frown on her face instead of paying attention to Stark, however. Steve felt a growing sense of dread.
Steve started on his second before Tony began to eat his, but Steve was just glad to see the man eat.  They ate in a subdued silence, and Steve was getting the feeling Tony didn't know what to make of any of this.  Steve honestly felt a little smug that he'd managed to throw Tony Stark off his game.
Hold him down?  Tony carefully unclenched his hands from Steve's undershirt and traced his way up to Steve's face.  He hadn't thought that he could get colder, but he realized he was wrong the moment his hand was no longer trapped between them.  He didn't care though, continuing his path and ignoring the way Steve's breath hitched slightly as Tony's fingers brushed against his neck.  When he got to Steve's cheeks, it took him a moment to realize that they were wet.
“I had lost everything Tony. Peggy had just died; I hadn’t even been able to be there with her when it happened. She died and suddenly I was all that was left of the only life I had known. I was so lost and suddenly so alone. And then, Bucky was there. He was there and he was in trouble. He was the last thing I had from my old life Tony, the last link that I had to Steve Rogers.”
“But they haven’t finished. Until they do, Ross is still in power. They never issued him a suspension.” Steve ground his teeth. Here they were at the Compound without Tony or T’Challa, the two people who knew how to deal with this kind of situation. He took a deep breath and tried to ground himself. FRIDAY had reached out to him in Tony’s absence and he would take that for what it was.
"Colonel Rhodes." Steve breathed out and held out his hand for a handshake. The Colonel turned a cool gaze on Steve and suddenly Steve felt the urge to fidget under his eyes.
At first, Steve had been elated that Tony was not only awake but also had looked at him with such love and touched him so gently. He had called Steve’s eyes beautiful and said that he lived for them. As he remembered those words, Steve bit his lip and smiled, his chest feeling tight. He could still feel Tony’s clever fingers carding through his hair, his thumb caressing his jaw. He wanted to hold on to that memory forever, to burn it into his mind. It was more than he had thought he would ever have. So why was he sitting here in a bundle of nerves?
That seemed to kick the rest of them into gear, Scott being the next to do the same before standing and handing the packet back to the King. "I'm going to pack. I've got to buy a few things for Cassie before we go. When can we go?"
“Mr. Stark has once again insisted that he feels fine and would like to go home.” Dianne says from the other side of the room, her arms crossed and her face disapproving.
Tony gave her a nod, then turned and gave Peter a pat on the back before turning away to heading up some stairs onto an overlook. Rhodes and Bucky handed out comms to everyone as they all stood there, absolutely dumbfounded with their gear.
They end up limiting their games of Hide and Seek to the Penthouse floor only, after Lila and Cooper take so long to find him he actually takes a nap. Of course FRIDAY, being the traitor she is, led them to his cramped hiding place in the closet on the 4th floor.
“She never calls me King, you know. I’m sensing some favoritism happening here. Am I not a king here in my own castle?” T’Challa ignored him and sat down next to him and continued, “I think it is time we start the next phase in your plan. We have left that insufferable man in power for far too long.”
, and wiggled her eyebrows. Steve could only widen his eyes at her and shake his head in a silent threat. It didn’t phase her at all.
“Tony and T’Challa are good friends, then? He and I spoke a lot while we were hiding in his palace. But he kept their friendship pretty quiet.”
Steve made coffee and decided to risk attempting to speak to FRIDAY again. He couldn't help but wonder where Tony had disappeared to after his talk with Laura.
Steve had the grace to look abashed. “Sorry ma’am.” He said, bowing his head slightly. By now, the rest of the group was coming around the corner as well. The nurse looked slightly exasperated at the sight of such a large group but her tired face gave them a small smile as they all shuffled into the large waiting room. The children were held tight and repeatedly reassured by their parents that Tony would be alright, he was just sleeping and they needed to be quiet so that he could rest and get better. Shuri and Peter sat against the wall on the floor together and the fear in their eyes reminded James just how young both of them really were. The nurse, Dianne, found some extra chairs as well as a few blankets for the group, since they had made it very clear they weren’t planning on going anywhere until Tony was able to go with them.
Tony turned his head in the direction of Steve’s voice, but didn’t open his eyes. Steve released the breath he had been holding and carefully leaned forward to slide his hand over Tony’s open palm and intertwine their fingers while he said, “Tony, it’s Steve, I’m right here. I’m right here.”
Ross left a still cursing Tony behind with a glass vase smashing into the door as it closed behind his back.
Peter and Natasha were by his side in an instant, each wrapping an arm around his side and holding an elbow, careful to avoid his bandaged ribs and wrapped wrist. Together they supported him to the elevator FRIDAY had waiting and stepped inside followed closely by Pepper and James.
Tony rolled his eyes and reached into the next bin, pulling out a bow and quiver with arrows. Clint stared at them in wonder. "Those aren't the ones that were confiscated from me." He stated carefully. Tony simply gazed back and answered, "No, they are not. They are the new and improved models. The bow is Vibranium, care of our new friends in Wakanda. As for the arrows I believe I drunkenly promised you some updates some time ago, like heat-seeking, trackers in the tips, grapping hooks, all that jazz." Tony shrugged like it was nothing and used his good hand to toss the bow to Clint, followed by the quiver. Clint caught them and ran his fingers over the bow in wonder.
Tony inclined his head slightly in acceptance and Ross turned away to take a few steps closer to the elevator behind the guards.
Clint leaned forward as well and keeping his voice so only they could hear it said, "I'm pretty sure he did kick your ass, Wilson." Sam flipped him off.
T’Challa and Tony both had left early with Pepper and Rhodes to go over notes and speaking points with the lawyers. Natasha had gone with them as support and back up should anything go wrong at the press event.  Shuri stayed behind, and was now laughing at the table with Peter as they tried to balance hardboiled eggs on their foreheads. Soon, everyone is there and they are moving to the chairs and couches and turning on the television.
Steve shook his head. Of course, Tony would try and take the fight away from Earth, hoping to spare it the destruction and save the lives of the people. Tony was crazy enough to think that fighting The Mad Titan out in space without more backup would be a better option than reaching out for help. No, that wasn’t fair. Tony was limited on time, and it’s not like Steve had a spaceship waiting around. Tony had sacrificed himself as the first line of defense. Steve didn’t even know the plan, but he knew Tony. He couldn’t help the sinking feeling that again, he had failed Tony.
“What?” James said absently, before a horrible realization of what he just said dawned on him. “Oh shit. Sam. Sam listen to me.” James turned and put a hand on Sam’s shoulder, making Sam face him. “Sam, you cannot say anything about that. I wasn’t supposed to know and when I found out Tony was livid and made me swear not to say anything. You can’t tell the others. Do you understand?” Sam’s gaze flickered down the isle to Tony who was on the phone with Peter.
Further along the wall were plaques of achievement, some with Cooper’s name on them, others with Cassie or Lila’s, from schooling. Medals, ribbons, and trophies were shining on a mounted shelf and Clint’s eyes watered slightly as he saw one for an archery competition with Cooper’s name that had been held while he was in Wakanda.
Everyone but Natasha, who had gone with Tony, and T’Challa and Rhodes, who had gone to report to the UN, had come directly from the scene back to the Compound. Peter was on the phone with May while they were all piling into various vehicles and heading to the hospital. No amount of reassurances from James or Shuri would calm down Steve, who had been beyond distraught bordering on downright impossible since the moment the car had crashed. It had taken Sam, Scott, Clint, and Bruce to keep him in the compound until the others got back. After that, Steve was the first in the car, demanding they leave immediately.
Unfortunately, the criminals are smarter than she might have guessed, as there are already four of them lurking in the darkness of the alley. Reversing direction to spin quickly on her heel she is faced with not two, but in fact four more massive and heavily armed thugs.
T'Challa had made arrangements for Barnes to be brought out of cryo-sleep in a few weeks' time while he was traveling home the night after the Gala, now over a month ago. After listening to Tony's plan, he knew he didn't need to worry about the man's intentions or the safety of Barnes.
Finally, Ross stepped back, his face still twisted darkly, but he seemed at least to be placated with the hate that Tony radiated in waves.
Tony’s voice continued on the screen. “Knowing we had been called out on a mission you were counting on the Compound being half empty. My absence especially important, to prevent this very situation. Let me guess, you were hoping either A.) They’d let you take Wanda under the permission of the Accords, or B.) They’d put up a fight and re-brand themselves all as criminals. You didn’t plan on us coming back so soon, making a compound full of Avengers. Boy, I sure am glad I keep tabs on people I don’t trust, it gave us enough time to make it back just after you arrived.”
2. His life with the Barton and Lang kids have softened him a little bit. Especially Peter. Wanda isn't much older than Peter. Tony can see how the wrong choices and life's unfair twists and turns may make someone make certain choices.
Shakily raising her communicator, she quickly speaks harshly into it to send the message, “Compromised. Leave.” to Stark back at the ship before turning back to the fight at hand and attempting to raise herself back up on a shaky right arm.
He had tried asking FRIDAY about him, but the AI had remained resolutely silent. He knew it was personal because she had answered questions for some of the others. Though it seemed to be also based off of what the question was about. She seemed to delight in their efforts to try and make the television and other things work.
His voice stayed calm as he replied, “It doesn’t matter. You don’t know how many people’s deaths I am responsible for. If you did you might not have saved me like you did either. At this point it doesn’t matter, Nebula. We are here and the people we love still need us. I don’t care what that purple dick told you that you are or are not. I am telling you that you are a person, and you matter. Having machine parts in you doesn’t devalue you. Hell, machines are my area of expertise. When we get to Earth we are going to stop at my workshop and we are going to fix the pain in your left arm that you are still trying to hide from me.”
Sam nodded, staring into space as his brain worked. James glanced at him with a smile and then did a double take, his smile faltering and eyebrows knitting together at the look on Sam’s face.
"Listen Buck-a-Roo, I was tired of you the first time I heard your stupid name, and each time I have heard it since its like I lose an hour on my life. I gotta tell you pal, you've been worse for my health than all the booze and cigarettes!"
Bucky had only rolled his eyes and given Steve a one armed hug, holding him for a bit before pulling back and saying, "Stevie, please, I haven't had a choice in so long, please let me have this one."
Tony cleared his throat and said to Nate, “Where are your blanket and toys, huh? Did we leave them in the other room? Let’s go find them.” Balancing the baby on his hip he bounced him a little as he walked back to the empty guest room that Nate had taken his nap in earlier.
As he headed for the gym doors he heard Rogers’ footsteps following him. He wanted nothing more than to switch their positions so that his back wasn’t to the man, but he wasn’t going to give the paranoid voice in his head the satisfaction. If he was going to get through the 10 missions with him, he was going to have to be able to turn his back to the other man. Tony had been avoiding Captain Perfect ever since the events in the kitchen that night.
Steve's arm came down from his eyes and he looked at Sam surprised. Sam scoffed and gave Steve his best unimpressed look.
Sam knows this was a bad idea. A horrible, terrible, awful idea. And yet, here they were, the exiled Avengers gathered on the chairs and couches around the large television screen in their living area.
Steve looked alarmed. “I mean, start with a kiss, you can move up to the rest from there. Though, I’d be a little careful with him, since he’s hurt. Choose a good position where you gotta do most of the work.” Steve’s face was deep red now and he was spluttering.
Nebula watched as Tony’s shoulders slumped at that. She wished she could do something to help, but she didn’t know anything about those he had left here other than the things he had told her on the ship.
“I have to tell you the truth, Tony. I can’t keep that to myself. I love you.” He pulled back the covers so that Tony could slide in next to him, trying to keep the fear from his face as Tony stood there. Tony hesitated only briefly before sliding under the covers as well and asking FRIDAY to turn off the lights. Steve gathered him into his arms and held him tightly but carefully, mindful of his still healing injuries. Tony turned into the hug and buried his face in Steve’s chest, wrapping his own arms solidly around Steve as well, breathing deeply.
“I’d like to pretend I wasn’t happy to see you right now, fox.” She said as she descended and caught sight of Rocket. “You better not have broken my ship, Nebula.” He grunted in return, crossing his arms. Her response was to roll her eyes, but there was a touch of fondness behind both of their words and actions. Rocket introduced her to the others and she crossed her arms and appraised them each one by one.
Steve turned, and there was Tony. The second Steve saw him he was walking over, and the next thing he knew they were hugging, and it was like everything was right in the universe again.
Steve spent the next week slowly improving at telling both regular people with boundary issues and con artists alike to back off. It became a routine - Steve would show up in the lab and get Tony to eat some actual human food, he and Tony would shoot the shit over noodles or pierogies or whatever else Jarvis recommended (
This recipe needs work. I substituted all of the ingredients for ground beef and taco seasoning mix, and instead of rolling the end result in powdered sugar and putting it in the oven, I cooked it over the stove top and served it in a tortilla. It tasted nothing like chocolate cookies!
“Nah, the lunch meat’s gonna go bad if I don’t eat it soon. And I know you don’t care about that, Tony, but Steve makes puppy-dog eyes whenever we waste food, and my heart can’t take it.”
“It’s no use, Tony,” said Bruce, “Steve might be a child of the depression, but waking up when he did means he’s practically got a kid’s taste in video games. You and me are just old.”
“Can I speak to your manager?” said Tony, because the poor girl looked like she was about to cry, and Tony may be an asshole but he wasn’t the yell-at-minimum-wage-workers kind of asshole.
“Sandra? It’s Black Hawk,” said Natasha, waving her hand to shush Clint’s snort of laughter. “Remember that sick day you were thinking of taking? Take it on Friday. And tell me where you pump while you’re at work.”
If you are seeing this, either you've turned off skins or you're reading this fic with a screen reader. If the former, you can ignore all this text, it's just going to be image descriptions of all of the slides pictured,  If the the latter, I wrote out all these image descriptions because they'd be way too long for alt text. Each heading marks the start of a new slide. Also, for this particular chapter, each slide with a ranking has a picture of the person in question
“JARVIS?” said Steve. “How many times in the past six months have I asked you to look up ways to tell your best friend you’re in love with him?”
Yes, Bruce's entire meme folder is Star Trek memes. No, the author did not have to look hard in her own meme folder to find them.
ASL Slam is a real monthly event I've been to many, many times at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. Even if you don't know ASL, I'd say it's worth a trip - you wouldn't *believe* the creativity of New York City's Deaf community.
It was also armed to the damn teeth with a gun Natasha couldn’t identify in the dark, but knew meant business.
"We've found you!" said five of them shouting with glee. "I've found you!" said Clint, just as glad as could be. They hugged, and they couldn't believe that they'd found, their high-loving Clint, down so low in the ground.
“Ah, of course,” said Hammer, who was now straightening up from the desk he was hiding behind. “Of course you’re alright.”
“If I believed that for a moment, all of you would be dead where you stand. It’s been so informative, watching all of you running around my little maze, but I think I’ll watch from a distance now. Thor is such a domestic delight here, but I have a feeling you won’t let us enjoy our little feasts in peace.” —Enchantress
“We’re going to the High Line,” said Steve. “Because it’s a beautiful day, and I want to take a walk with my best friend.”
In the end, Steve didn’t need to worry. The picker skipped right over him and called up Clint instead. Then when Steve got to watch Clint fake the most dramatic, ridiculous orgasm in the history of faked orgasms, all he could do was laugh. Half of it was because Clint was hilarious, and the other half was slightly hysterical relief, because Steve was pretty sure if he’d had to do the same thing he would’ve burst into flames.
I’ll give a signal if I see something important. And if you hear an owl hooting you’ll know Stark and Rogers are kissing in the whorehouse window.
Also, I am sorry to report that literally nothing I ever write will ever top "lick my triptych." It's all downhill from here, folks.
