His face falls in disappointment as he watches all of the other kids get hugs and pats on the back from their parents and guardians. Peter understands that his situation isn’t the same, Steve and Tony can’t just show up at a high school decathlon competition without arousing suspicion and causing a stir. But he had expected a phone call or a text at the very least.
Tony chuckles. “That’s the thing Pete, it’s not really Avengers business. If it was we’d only take a couple of people with us, but as it stands right now everyone else who lives in this tower is coming as well, despite the fact they don’t need to. Everyone has become quite fond of Wakanda, they look for any excuse to go back.”
When he finally checks his phone he lets out a sigh of relief, for once he isn’t late and will actually arrive back at the Tower when he had promised he would.
There’s a snort from the kitchen table as Peter, face bright red, slots into Steve’s arms. “JARVIS, make sure you’re filming this.” Steve turns around to glare at his husband.
He can hear the conversation the occupants of the room are having before he has even rounded the corner into the hallway where the room is situated.
Thankfully Ned and Peter have found a fellow geek in Harry. He’s useless at science but a love of Star Wars exists outside of academic ability. Not that Harry isn’t smart, his talents just lie in more literature based subjects, and music apparently, but the boy is reluctant to divulge much of that yet. Despite consistent pestering on both Ned’s and Peter’s part.
The whole situation last night should probably be filling him with anxiety right about now. What does Natasha know and why isn’t she saying anything? But those are the least of Peter’s concerns. Monday morning means school, and school means seeing Harry.
“Erm, yeah, yeah of course.” His face falls slightly and Peter sees a glimpse of the boy that exists behind the mask of cool composure that Harry presents to the world. “Let me call you a car, just in case that head bang was worse than you think.”
Ned on the other hand looks throughly confused and slightly terrified, a sentiment Peter feels reassured to see expressed on someone’s face other than his own.
He’s just finished getting dressed when there’s a knock at his door, Peter calls to come in and Steve steps into the room. “Good morning, Tony and I made you breakfast down here.” Peter thanks him looking to leave the room, but Steve hovers making the boy think he has more to say. “I, um- I mean, we thought it would probably be best to eat breakfast with just the three of us this morning.” The look in Steve’s eyes coveys a sense of knowing as to how frayed Peter’s nerves are at the thought of returning to school.
Also just a bit of insight into how I view Harry in case anyone is interested; I view Harry in this fic as a bit of an Indie boy, who loves 70s Glam Rock and the Smiths. He's got a lot going on in his past, which we will unpack eventually and a not great track record when it comes to dealing with authority figures, particularly with his dad and school.
Slowly but surely the present becomes clearer. He can hear Tony talking to him, speaking reassurances and trying to get his breathing under control.
“Please call me Steve. Peter, you’re probably wondering why we’re here.” The boy nods, his mind has been racing since the door opened to reveal the two Avengers, trying to figure out why they might be here; do they know that he is Spider-Man? Have they come to recruit him for the Avengers? Has he done something wrong so S.H.I.E.L.D has sent them to bring him in? The panic is rising in Peter’s chest as Steve opens his mouth again, about to tell him the reason why they had decided to visit him. “Tony and I have been married for two years now, and we’ve been feeling lately that there’s something missing… We would really like to start a family, and honestly Peter we think you might be a perfect fit.”
“Ace,” Bucky is openly grinning and clearly finding the whole situation hilarious. “That was your cue.”
Ned’s mom picks him up not long after all of the dishes have been put away leaving Peter free to join the tower’s occupants in front of the TV for a few hours. Not everyone stays namely Bruce, Sam and Bucky excuse themselves for various reasons. However, if the snorts both of his guardians let out after Bucky and Sam leave together is anything to go by, no one believes the duo’s excuses.
“So, you know about Bucky?” Peter nods. Who doesn’t know about Bucky? Is how he really wants to respond but he bites his tongue on that one. “Well, adjustment wasn’t easy for him, and sometimes he can still be a bit sensitive to things. But don’t worry, he’s good at telling people to back off when he needs space, and I’ll talk you through topics to avoid and things like that.”
Bucky however does not seem satisfied and is watching Peter with a calculating look, as if he’s trying to crack some sort of code. Peter tries his best to ignore the other man’s gaze boring into the side of his head, chalking it up to nothing more than Bucky’s strange assassin tendencies.
Tony appears beside his husband, swooping in to greet Ned in a similar fashion. Ned remains frozen, saying nothing as an entire conversation is had in his presence, until Peter announces that he is going to show his friend his own floor in the tower.
“Creepy?” Steve picks up the nearest couch cushion and throws it at Tony, hitting him square in the face.
Michelle briefs the team on what she wants them to practice for the upcoming tournament, then asks Peter to follow her outside.
A few minutes pass in casual conversation, mainly Tony and Bucky winding each other up about one thing or another while Steve looks on fondly, suddenly Peter feels a familiar prickle on the back of his neck and before he knows it his hand is shooting up to catch something that was about to hit him square in the face.
Peter makes his way over to the desk where he finds a few open documents lying on the top. Towards the corner of the desk underneath a lamp are two framed pictures, one of a couple on their wedding day and another of the same couple holding a laughing baby.
He had spotted his phone charging on Ned’s nightstand upon waking up this morning but chose to ignore the device, it’s fair to say that Peter is more than a little afraid of what awaits him when he finally decides to unlock the phone.
The trio stand awkwardly at the edge of the crowd, neither one of them exactly what to do in this situation. Peter had been hoping Harry would stick around a bit longer, everything is so much easier with the other boy.
Overwhelmed with emotion at hearing the exact thing he desperately needed to, even if he hadn’t realised it, Peter closes the gap to hug Harry tightly. “Thank you.”
Peter’s adoptive father smirks at him. “You do now.” Tony produces a box that Peter hadn’t realised he had been holding from behind his back. It’s huge and Peter seriously doesn’t know how someone who is supposed to be as perceptive as he is didn’t notice it before.
Tony picks this moment to reappear in the room. “Bruce! You’re back. How was… Mumbai? Jaipur? Bangalore?”
At dinner that night Tony decides to breach the subject of Mr and Mrs Baker, asking Peter wat exactly happened during his time at the foster home to cause the couple to speak of him in such a negative way. Peter explains that he had developed a bad habit of sneaking out, and that his loud nightmares and frequent panic attacks hadn’t exactly made him popular.
“Peter… Peter, I’m really sorry son. I can’t imagine what you must be going through right now. But you need to go with this Police Officer here.” Peter wipes at his face, looking up at the Officer who smiles sympathetically. “There isn’t much we can do for you, I’m so sorry. I wish there was something we could do.” Mr. Palmer tells Peter sincerely.
He meets Mrs. Warren on the landing once he’s dressed, she greets him with a smile and guides him down the stairs. The Bakers are sitting in the family room discussing something in angry whispers, Peter assumes it’s about him but he pays them no mind, choosing to focus on following Mrs. Warren to the dining room instead.
The boy gives him no room for worry however, taking the information entirely in his stride. “What is it with Dad’s and World War Two? They all love watching documentaries about it don’t they?”
They step into the elevator when the doors slide open and are greeted by JARVIS. “Hello Peter, how was the ice cream?”
Eventually Peter convinces the Avengers that they have more than enough pictures and it really is time to go before he’s late to pick up MJ. They all wave him off as he climbs into the car Tony picked out, which feels much too fancy for a school dance put Peter figures there’s no point arguing with the man.
Ned’s eyes widen. “Correct Mr Stark.” Tony has no written work for the equation, just another small indication that he is the genius he is said to be. Peter has no doubt that the man can do much harder equations without the need for working, still, it is impressive.
Content warning: Homophobic slurs, specifically the F word, and implied child abuse/violence against a minor by a parent (not their own).
The small family manage to steal a few minutes together backstage where Tony gushes about some of the science questions they had been asked and Steve just repeatedly states how proud he is of his son.
Instead he fixes a smile onto his face and fills both of his guardians with false assurances that he secretly hopes he can believe himself. “But it’ll be fine. It’s not the first time I’ve left school and come back again after a major life event, I can handle it.”  He can tell Tony and Steve don’t believe him, Peter doesn’t even believe himself, but he keeps the smile fixed and feigns excitement to get going.
Tony rests his head on top of Peter’s, pulling him into a tighter hug. “We’re here now. You don’t have to be alone anymore.”
There is one inescapable thought that plagues Peter constantly over his time with MJ, she is so like Harry. They’re obviously different in many ways but he finds that he likes MJ for all of the same reasons he likes Harry.
A silence hangs between them as Harry flicks his finished cigarette off of the balcony and takes another out of his pocket. This one look distinctly different and Peter knows right away that it’s not tobacco wrapped expertly in the paper. Wordlessly Harry lights the end of the paper, taking a long drag before offering it to Peter to do the same. He leans forward and inhales deeply then almost instantly he’s doubled over coughing and spluttering in a way he hasn’t done since his last asthma attack, months before the spider bite.
Hello, sorry this took me much longer than I had hoped it would. However, I have now officially finished university (forever!) and hope to add more parts to this series asap. The rest will likely just be one-shots or small chaptered fics similar to this. I have a few ideas already lined up but I am always open to prompts so please feel free to send them my way! My Tumblr is: palace-inside-my-head if you want to get in touch with me :)
He felt nothing when the covered-up body was wheeled out in front of him. Nothing when the sheet was pulled back to reveal his aunt’s face. Nothing when he confirmed for the coroner and Police Officer that yes, this was May Parker. And nothing when the body was covered up and taken away again.
“Hey hey hey, before you throw that,” Peter raises his hands attempting to buy himself some time by chatting with his new foe. “wanna tell me why you’re chasing me around the rooftops of Queens?”
, Peter marvels at the cost of the items surrounding him. Of course, he’s aware that he could afford to shop in places like this now, Tony had handed him a credit card months ago that’s been burning a hole in his pocket ever since. He could shop here but he honestly doesn’t want to.
The boy’s foot taps along to the song, banging noisily against the metal bar of the stool he’s perched on. There’s a Chemistry textbook lying forgotten to his left as Peter’s attention is entirely captured by the webpage currently open on his laptop.
“You are already enough of a nuisance boy, what with all the screaming and crying, this could quite possibly be the last straw. If you continue to sneak out we will be putting in a request to have you sent to another foster home. Is that clear?” Peter is seething. He keeps his gaze trained at the table top, refusing to make eye contact with Mr. Baker. “I said, is that clear? You will answer me boy.”
Continently JARVIS calls upon Steve, asking him to meet Barnes and Wilson in the briefing room giving Natasha the perfect opportunity to step in to the super soldier’s place.
Captain America and Black Widow come storming through the crowd to stand beside Iron Man who has safely returned the terrified band member to the ground.
The chase lasts for a while, Peter swinging away as the green-guy pursues him throwing explosives every now and then.
Harry’s carefree walk halts causing Peter to stop as well, people push past them on the street with mild irritation. “Oh, so you’re still doing that are you?”
Gwen and MJ eventually get up and disappear without telling anyone where they’re going, Peter figures this is something else better left unknown, so now it’s just him, Ned and Liz sitting on the couch. However, the latter pair are getting progressively sloppier and closer together as the night wears on, and Peter doesn’t really want to be stuck on a couch beside his best friend as he drunkenly makes out with a girl, so he decides to go find Harry.
The bus journey passes quickly as MJ and Mr Harrington drill the entire team on every possible question to make sure they’re ready to go for the final which is in just a few hours’ time.
“No one willing to give him up? Maybe you just need more of an incentive.” The man with the metal wings drops the band member he was holding by the foot, people are screaming and Peter’s trying to figure out how he can intercept without his suit when a familiar red and gold blur swoops in to catch the bassist seconds before he would hit the ground.
Peter follows along silently, attempting to keep his head down so as not to draw any attention to himself. Harry clearly does not have the same concern as he strolls down hallways waving at scientists and greeting interns. Eventually they reach a set of double doors marked
Something which Peter enjoys watching his blonde-haired friend do is charm others. He supposes that if he had been raised in the same world as Harry he would possess many of the same skills. Harry glides effortlessly through the halls of the company he will one day inherit after convincing the pretty girl at the reception to give him passes with clearance for employee only areas.
At first, he’s so focused on getting his dinner that he doesn’t notice Bucky sitting at the kitchen island but his Spidey-sense picks up on the soldier’s presence fairly quickly. Peter reminds himself to act surprised when Bucky finally breaks with silence with a “Hi.” He even jumps slightly for effect.
Being faced with Mr. and Mrs. Baker can actually be quite intimidating, sitting at one end of the table while the couple sit at the other staring you down with their harsh looks.
I just also would like to say a big thank you to those of you who go out of their way to leave me comments on each chapter, I appreciate it more than you can know!
Not much, but it definitely moves. Peter feels it and hears the noise of it scratching against the glass table. He looks up and meets Thor’s eyes full of questions and confusion. He can feel Natasha’s familiar gaze trained on his back. Peter schools his expression quickly, desperately masking any surprise and let’s go of Mjolnir stepping back and raising his hands as if to say ‘knew it wouldn’t work’.
Peter pushes up into sitting, sad about leaving the warmth and comfort of Harry’s embrace, but he feels he has to look at him properly for this conversation. “At the risk of sounding like some pathetic person in a cheesy Rom Com, what is this? What are we?”
Someone wolf whistles at them and Peter groans out loud when he comes face to face with Flash. “Aw look at this, Penis Parker finally got himself a beard! Nice work Penis, don’t worry MJ you can move onto a real man like me when Peter finally reveals his true rainbow colours.”
His parents are curled up on the couch together when Peter wanders over to join them. One of the Harry Potter movies, Peter isn’t sure which, is playing on the TV and Steve is utterly engrossed.
“Are you trying to read my mind or something?” He finally snaps, the woman doesn’t react except to raise an eyebrow. “That’s the only reason I can think of for why you’re staring at me.” Peter raises his arms and drops them back to his side exasperatedly.
Peter has slowly but surely been piecing together the fact that the two are either in a relationship or they’re just believed to be by everyone else. However, he thinks the latter is more likely given the conversations he has overheard between Tony and Steve about the two of them. Admittedly there are details about Bucky and Sam’s relationship he has heard during these conversations that Peter really wishes he did not know.
“Okay, well I’m glad we have that established.” He pecks Peter on the cheek. “I love being able to do that.” They smile at each other; Peter is certain he has the most love-struck look on his face right now. “But what else was bothering you? Because I know it wasn’t that simple.” How this boy has the power to see straight through him Peter will never know. He must have a spider-sense trained to Peter’s emotions, a Peter-sense.
“Yeah he went to find his friends to make sure they were okay. I should probably go find him actually, can you tell my dad’s that I’ll see them back at the Tower?”
Peter removes the blonde’s hands from his face and grips them tightly between his own. “Something you’ll figure out pretty quickly is that I kind of attract danger, so I can’t really make any promises.”
Peter finally looks up, meeting Mr. Baker’s gaze. At this stage the teen had just about enough. His life has gone to complete ruin in the past few months and nobody, except his only friend, seems to care. And now the awful people he has been forced to live with are trying to take away the only thing that actually brings him any peace or happiness.
After school MJ meets Peter at his locker and they walk in a somewhat awkward silence with Harry in tow to get the train.
There’s a loud crash as the left-hand side of the building gives way, tumbling towards the ground and causing Peter to lose focus just for a second. It’s not long but it’s enough time for one of the silver disks to slice deeply into his arm, blood spurting out in a way Peter thought it only did in horror movies.
Bruce notably leans forward as Peter awkwardly explains his new endeavour to learn more about his birth father. “I knew Dr. Parker.” All eyes fly over to the scientist. “He was one of the leading researchers in radioactive experimentation. We corresponded a few times after the… accident…” The mention of the Hulk makes everyone uncomfortable and they all begin to disperse from the dining table.
The hit barely grazes Peter’s jaw as he leans backwards away from the punch. The younger boy’s eyes narrow slightly and Natasha has to supress a smile as he returns the next hit with a new-found determination.
“Peter! Come on! How do you not know this song?” Harry is standing beside the record player, having just switched out The Smiths for Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel’s ‘Make Me Smile’. “I’m beginning to think Tony is right, you really do need lessons in music taste.”
“Oh. My chores? I clean.” Peter has to stop a small smile of satisfaction from appearing on his face. He knew that the Bakers were not allowed to make the children in their care clean like this. Who in their right mind gives children bleach?
Sure, Harry’s words had hurt but Peter knows about his friend at this stage to know that he has a bad habit of running his mouth and saying things he doesn’t actually mean. Taking pity on the boy, and because he genuinely doesn’t think he can stay mad at Harry, Peter sighs and asks if the other boy want’s to come inside. Harry beams brighter than Peter has ever seen and slings an arm around his shoulders, pulling them both inside and into the elevator.
Despite encouragement from everyone there all three of them refuse. Steve and Natasha say they’re simply not interested and Bucky says he’s still mildly freaked out by smartphones, so adding a magic hammer to the mix isn’t something he’s keen to do.
With a barley contained eye roll Peter stuffs the offending paper into his pocket just as the teacher approaches his desk.
Peter certainly isn’t prepared for when Bucky pulls a familiar looking bit of paper out of his pocket. “I was wanting to ask you about his Pete. I spotted it when Sam and I were down here with you last week but I didn’t want to bring it up when your parents were around, I’m assuming there’s a reason you didn’t tell them about it.” Bucky unfolds the paper to reveal that awful drawing Flash did a few weeks ago. The crude picture had slipped Peter’s mind entirely, and Flash has done worse since then .
After watching the brunette struggle to figure out where to sit on his own couch, Harry finds it all very endearing and takes pity on the teen, he grabs Peter’s hand and pulls him down to sit on the couch beside them with hardly any space between the pair.
Harry is fixing Peter with a confused and contemplative look when the brunette walks over. He doesn’t say anything as they begin walking towards the train but eventually Harry breaks the silence. “Did you just ask MJ out on a date?”
When they get back to the tower they are laden with bags filled with everything Peter could possibly need. Most of the furniture and bigger things the ordered to furnish Peter’s floor will be arriving later in the week.
“Promised I wouldn’t let you get hurt again didn’t I?” He smiles slightly trying to reassure Harry that everything is okay. He’s had worse, but obviously he can’t tell the other boy that.
“Didn’t realise there was anything to avoid here, might need to keep you around…” He breaks off looking expectantly at Peter, clearly waiting for his name.
After texting back and forth for a while the boys decide it would be best for Harry to come over to the Tower, rather than meeting up in public or, God forbid, Peter going to his apartment. JARVIS lets the blonde boy straight in and up to Peter’s floor.
They start at the Mark Twain house, which was MJ’s personal request as team captain, and then move onto the science centre. It’s all your basic generic stuff that every science centre has; a human body exhibit, the solar system, and something involving weather.
The blonde saunters back over to Peter singing along to the song. With an impressive hair flip he crouches down in front of the other boy getting right up close to Peter’s face so that their noses are practically touching.
I would like to make it well known that I am terrible at maths, like struggle to do basic multiplication terrible, so the maths question asked in the chapter makes no sense to me. It might be wrong. Who knows. I just wanted to sound smart. Blame Google.
Tony had originally been down in the workshop with him tinkering on some new advancement to Hawkeye’s bow, but JARVIS had called for Iron Man’s attention on a developing issue upstairs so he had to leave.
“What? It’s true. They’re a pain in my ass.” Cap’s stare doesn’t falter. “Aw geez. Okay I’m sorry Capsicle, I didn’t mean to offend you. You know I like your BFF really. It’s just that you can never hear them coming, and then all of a sudden ‘boo!’ there they are. You don’t know how many glasses I’ve broken because of them in the past year kid. Glass everywhere. Nightmare to clean up.” Peter chuckles and makes a mental note to stay alert once everyone returns to the tower. Living with two trained assassins with excellent stealth could prove to be detrimental to keeping Spider-Man a secret.
“God, yeah, sorry bro you’re right I did say that. Everything is a bit crazy at the minute. Why don’t we meet up tomorrow and I can explain everything to you?”
He’s barely stepped out of the elevator before making a beeline towards Peter and tackling him a tight hug.
Peter fears he is beginning to resemble a dashboard dog with the amount of nodding he has been doing in the past few minutes, but he’s unsure of how else to respond. The conversation switched from pleasantries to quite intimidating extremely quickly.
When they sneak their way up to the roof the rest of the team is already there listening to music and chatting in smaller groups.
“All that aside. Everything is all set up and ready to go, all we need is the go ahead from you Peter. We’re one hundred percent sure about this, but at the end of the day it’s your decision and we don’t want to pressure you into anything. But we would really love it if you said yes. Based off of everything we’ve seen, we think you’re a great kid Peter.” Steve smiles sincerely at him and Peter allows himself to return it.
Tony crosses the room to stand beside Peter, laying an arm around his shoulders. “I see you’ve met my son.”
“You need to get out of here.” He urges the girl, remembering not to call her by her name. Peter knows Michelle, Spider-Man doesn’t.
Tony waves a hand dismissively. “Pfft. It was just sitting here anyway. Might as well put it to use.”
Ned scratches the back of his neck awkwardly. “Erm, yeah. I just wanted you to be comfortable and you were covered in blood and ash from that burning building.” The news about the explosion had been all over the television with footage showing Spider-Man struggling to escape the burning wreck.
Ned gives him space to think things through and only interrupts once they’ve been back at the hotel for a few hours. There’s a knock at the door which Ned gets up to answer before returning to sit at Peter’s side. “Peter, everyone’s sneaking up to the roof to celebrate. Do you want to go? We can stay here if you don’t, I understand.”
“I promise.” He whispers against Harry’s lips and then the other boy is pulling him back in urgently.
“I’m… Sorry… Sorry, I’ll go. I’m leaving.” Peter stutters out through the all-consuming embarrassment, and something else lingering underneath the mortification. Anger? Guilt? No none of those make sense. He turns on his heel and rushes back into the hallway, through the groups of people in search of something to distract him, because he’s figured out what the other feeling is. Jealousy. And quite honestly Peter cannot handle that right now.
“Hopefully it’ll be better than the surprises I get when my dad goes away on trips. They usually come in the form of a new girlfriend who only sticks around for a few weeks.” Peter laughs awkwardly at this. He’s still unsure of how to respond to most of the comments Harry makes about his father by now he’s at least pieced together that the pair don’t see eye to eye most of the time.
“Of course it is Sam, you know you have an open invitation to stay whenever you want.” Tony nods to show that he agrees with his husband’s words and the two share that same knowing look Peter noticed them exchanging a few days earlier.
“So Harry tell us more about yourself. Are you on the Decathlon team with Ned and Peter?” Steve swiftly falls into the ‘old man’ role that Bucky and Sam are always teasing him about.
Peter hangs about with the two men in the workshop until J.A.R.V.I.S breaks through Tony’s music to let them know that Steve has made lunch and is requesting they all come and eat together. On the way up to common floor Bruce asks Peter a bit more about his scientific interests and extends an open invitation to join him in the labs upstairs whenever he wants, Peter accepts this offer with child-like excitement.
After visiting several designer stores they finally settle on a simple and classic black suit, Tony had been pushing for a dark green suit but thankfully Steve stepped in to help his son choose the more simple and understated option.
Harry’s soft voice breaks him out of his thoughts. “What are you thinking about? I can see the cogs turning in your brain.”
“I was gonna go meet up with Ned, if that’s okay.” He notices that he’s been pulling on his sweater sleeves again and makes a mental note to stop doing that. It’s always been a nervous tick for Peter, Aunt May always knew when he was lying because he would pick at his sleeves until they were frayed. Before it was small lies, in his new living situation the lies could really get him into trouble. If any of the people he now lives with figure out his secret they will probably take away the last piece of normality in his life, the only thing left that makes him truly happy, and that can’t happen.
Peter wanders over to the record player which is softly playing the 1975, one of Harry’s favourite bands. “Change it if you want to Peter.” When he turns to look at the other boy Peter finds him seated on the large windowsill lighting a cigarette dangling from his lips. “Oh sorry, you don’t mind, do you?”
Taking a deep breath Peter musters up all of the courage he has and finally decides to stop running away from this. “There’s someone else. You know there’s someone else.” Harry’s expression shifts, as if he wasn’t expecting Peter to say that. “I think you knew before I even did.”
Peter steps out of the car and follows his new adoptive family in a bit of a daze. There’s so much to look at and take in. There are at least twenty cars in the garage they’ve pulled into but Peter can’t see them all to count properly so there might be more. His eyes flicker about at a rapid pace and he can feel a headache coming from the sensory overload, just another perk of being bitten by a radioactive spider.
The news is playing quietly on the large TV screen with Steve being the only one truly interested in the program, as Peter is engaged in another conversation with Clint. The conversation is easy and he relaxes in the presence of the other man. That is until Clint calls Natasha into the discussion, looking for a detail about a mission they went on together back in early S.H.I.E.L.D days.
Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath Peter faces the reality of what he needs to do. “It’s broken. I’m gonna need to reset it.”
The always helpful part of Peter’s brain reminds him that he’s dealing with the Director of SHIELD here, a highly trained spy and extremely powerful man, there is every possibility Nick Fury knows he is Spider-Man. And there is every possibility he insisted Peter was invited to this debriefing because the two flying idiots had been after him.
“Cool.” Throughout the course of the conversation the two teenagers have inched closer together so Peter reaches out to intertwine his fingers with MJ’s. Then they close the space between them entirely as their lips meet in a soft kiss.
The nerves surrounding going back to school keep Peter awake long into the night. After only a few good hours of sleep his alarm goes off. The boy groans and sighs deeply before forcing himself out of bed, the only thing brining him joy being little to no pain in his left foot when he stands, thank God for super healing.
Peter doesn’t even realise he’s walking towards the girl at first and then all of a sudden, he’s standing beside her asking MJ if she wants to come over to his for extra Decathlon practice on Wednesday night.
Bucky’s flesh hand comes to rest around Peter’s shoulders. “Well if they do start driving you crazy, and trust me they will eventually, you can always come and find me. I’m basically like your uncle now considering Stevie’s my brother.” Steve smiles at the pair, his eyes conveying both immense happiness and something akin to sadness at the same time.
“Okay, so we have to talk about last night.” Peter says nothing, just nods in agreement to Steve’s words. “We understand that you’re young and there are pressures when you go to parties. But we trusted you Peter, and you let us down.” The disappointment is clear across both of his parent’s faces and Peter thinks it would be better if they were screaming and shouting instead.
Bucky can clearly sense Peter’s unease and backtracks. “You don’t need to tell me kiddo don’t worry. I’m not interrogating you or nothin’, just wondered if you wanted to talk about it.”
Although this was probably the wrong thing to say and Peter can see the moment Steve realises Tony’s poor choice of words as the Green Goblin says. “Okay.” And sends the second band member plummeting towards the ground.
He can hear Steve laughing as the elevator doors slide open on the communal floor. Steve’s laugh is loud and warm, and is quickly becoming one of Peter’s favourite sounds, it’s something he’s starting to associate with comfort and safety both of which he never takes for granted.
Driving away from the foster home Peter has lived at for the past five months has got to be one of the happiest moments of his life. The drive into Manhattan is nice, Steve and Tony chat to him about living in the tower and all of the other people who live there.
He groans in frustration as his mind reels. The self-pity party gets cut short when his Spidey-senses tingle just before a massive explosion sounds to Peter’s right sending an entire apartment block up in flames.
Peter is desperate for a nap by the time he gets into the Tower’s elevator. “Good afternoon Peter, Mr. Stark is in his office and Mr. Rogers is training with Sgt. Barnes. I will alert them that you have returned.”
He greets her with an awkward wave, trying to play the ‘I’m just an adorable teen, nothing strange here’ act. But deep down he knows the woman’s suspicions have not been assuaged in the slightest.
Over the past week Tony has been piecing together just how smart his adoptive son is. Obviously, he knows that the boy attends a school specifically tailored towards science and technology, that he has a high G.P.A, and conversations in the workshop recently have been clueing Tony in more and more. But even this admission shocks Tony.
Harry looks unimpressed. “Fine.” He wraps Peter into a gentler hug than the last one. “But if your face gets injured again, I’ll be pretty mad. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m kind of fond of it.” Peter blushes furiously shying under Harry’s attention. “See, how could I resist prettiest face around?”
Nothing else needs to be said between the two, and eventually they part, heading back to their respective floors with nothing more than a quiet “Goodnight” shared between them.
The next few hours pass by in a blur of strangers offering him coffee, tea, water, food etc. Peter is numb to most of it, he doubts that he has said more than three or four words in the past three hours, ever since his life got turned upside down for what felt like the hundredth time. At some point someone had wrapped him in a blanket and given him a cup of tea, but it’s gone cold in his hands. He doesn’t know when he stopped crying, he just knows that at some point he stopped, and that his eyes are sore and face sticky from the tears.
adopted me might shock you.” At least Peter might get to see a different expression on the girl’s face when he tells her.
He keeps his head down in an attempt to get to his seat without another confrontation or unnecessary interaction with a class mate, however Peter’s refusal to acknowledge his surroundings backfires when he sits down at his desk and realises there’s a new person sitting beside him.
He’s staring blankly at the floor when the Police Officer from earlier approaches him with Mrs. Warren, a social worker. She explains that because May was his last known relative, and because he’s only fifteen, making him a minor, he is now under the protection of the state. Mrs. Warren sits beside him, placing a hand on his shoulder as she explains what the next steps forward will be. Peter assumes that the hand is supposed to be comforting, but he’s barely registering that this conversation is happening so it’s not doing much to help.
“Oh, erm, he’s my adoptive dad.” He says scratching his neck awkwardly, suddenly nervous about how Harry might respond to knowing that Peter is adopted.
“Sorry we interrupted kid, were you busy?” Tony approaches the work station and leans over Peter’s shoulder to read the screen. “The Bugle really has it in for that poor guy don’t they?” The boy nods in agreement as Tony continues reading. “I heard about this new idiot on the hover board. Rhodey didn’t you say something about this Goblin freak?”
She finally looks up to meet his gaze. “No, I just don’t like people who are suspicious, particularly when that person is someone I have grown to be quite fond of.”
Harry stays still showing no signs of budging, so Peter attempts to break the tension. He steps forward with a hand extended. “Peter Parker, sir.”
Peter lifts his arms above his head to stretch out all of his sore muscles and catches sight of the sport where the Green Goblin’s blade had caught him. Thankfully the cut has faded quite a bit over night and doesn’t look any worse than a bad graze at this point.
His best friend is nowhere to be seen but Peter can hear him moving about in the next room. He feels a surge of gratefulness for Ned, the boy that has stood by him through thick and thin, and now the boy that took care of him when he came crashing through his bedroom window on a Saturday night bloody and dressed as Spider-Man.
As the song comes to an end everyone claps and cheers announcing how amazing Harry’s playing was. Peter even thinks the boy looks a bit bashful at all of the praise.
The dance is just about as boring as Peter imagined it would be. He dances with MJ a few times, Ned and other Decathlon members joining in for the faster songs, but it’s obvious to them both that neither one of them is particularly comfortable.
It’s just the two of them now and Natasha plans to get some answers one way or another. No words are exchanged as they both adopt a similar stance in anticipation of the other person throwing the first punch.
“Gotta get you back in the lab sometime soon Petey-pie. Put that full genius to use.” Tony’s tone is joking but Peter can see the glint in his eye that conveys a level of seriousness.
Okay so still a lot of ground to cover with this universe. My next part of this series will probably be Peter meeting the rest of the Avengers, so keep an eye out for that!
Cursing slightly Peter retrieves a bandage and some antiseptic from his backpack. He cleans the wound carefully, wincing as it stings when the antiseptic is applied. When Peter is confident the burn is clean he wraps his shoulder in the bandage and then struggles into his t-shirt, trying not to jostle the affected area too much.
Harry is just waving goodbye to the retreating figures of Liz and Gwen when Peter catches up to him. “Well this was a total bust. Sorry Pete, I had hoped this would be a nice end to our… shall we say, complicated, day.”
“Yeah.” Peter responds as he slowly pulls back the covers to check on his leg. “I meant to ask, did you undress me?”
Anger at Bucky for putting ideas in his head and inserting himself into situations that don’t concern him.
Peter’s interest in bio-chemistry is a recent development, physics has always been his main interest, but after the bite Peter switched up his reading materials to include more biology in an attempt to understand exactly what the spider did to him. He figured a man who was exposed to radiation and now turns into a giant green monster was a good place to start.
Steve comes up with admittedly the most romantic idea, but it’s really old fashioned which then descends into Bucky and Sam teasing him.
Of course, the female spy was correct and Nick Fury purely wanted Peter’s first-hand account of the night. He retold the whole event from start to end, only stumbling a bit when he remembered holding hands with Harry in the crowd, how natural and easy it had felt.
“Peter!” Harry calls out, rushing over to where he has crumpled on the floor. Norman seems even angrier now but strides off inside to start screaming at everyone to get out of his house rather than trying to take it out on Harry again.
Okay, that Peter can admit to. “Does anyone else know?” They’ve started walking again and are just approaching the Tower doors.
“Pretending you want to date MJ.” Harry sneers at Peter arms crossed against his chest in a clear sign of annoyance.
On the 12th of April, exactly five months since he has been living with the Bakers, Peter’s world is flipped upside down again. Things in the foster home have gone from bad to worse. The Bakers have yet to follow through on their promise to have Peter moved to a different home, but other promises (punishments) they are more than willing to see through. So, for the past four weeks Peter has been in charge of all cleaning duties in the house; something which all of the kids were previously on a rota for. Thanks to what has been dubbed as his “reckless behaviour” and “annoying antics”, by Mr. Baker, the punishment the couple deemed fit was the responsibility of cleaning for everyone.
What does this mean for himself? What label does he use? Gay, or bisexual, or pansexual? It seems like there are too many words and Peter’s mind is slowly getting overwhelmed. He has put off thinking about this for a few months, since Harry came into his life really, and now it’s coming crashing down at once.
Important conversations over the boy settle back into each other’s company for a few hours. Peter tries to broach the subject of Norman once but is met instantly with Harry shutting down, so he decides to leave it. They briefly talk about telling other people and agree that it would be best not to tell anyone at first.
So, Peter is brought to a conference room where Tony also fusses over him in the same way his husband had, before guiding the boy to a seat beside Bucky.
“What Captain Dad is trying to say is that we’ve accidently thrown a party.” Peter laughs at the glare Steve sends Tony.
“Yep, should be fairly easy. You know what? I’ll come find you, you’re not far away.” The boy on the other end of the phone thanks Peter profusely and hangs up.
Truthfully, he can’t stop thinking about Harry and he’s spent many restless nights recently ruminating on what Sam and Bucky said.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah it is MJ, you’re right.” Peter locks his phone and clicks it onto silent, suddenly not feeling like texting Harry anymore.
Between the hammer tonight and his leg last night, on top of every other suspicious thing she has ever caught him doing Peter really needs to start being more cautious. Or start coming up with some excellent lies.
By some miracle he has managed to avoid the Green-guy so far but the tingling sensation on the back of his neck suggests his luck is about to run out. As he dodges a carefully aimed bomb Peter spots a familiar blonde head down below.
He’s barely stepped out of the elevator when Steve has him engulfed in a hug. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realise the time. I should’ve called.” Peter begins apologising but Tony cuts him off, appearing beside his husband who releases Peter from the hug.
“Come young one, we have much great food to be consumed!” Thor pulls Peter forward with a firm grip on his shoulder. “And I should like to learn more about this Decathlon team, surely you are their strongest member.”
His friend has a boy pushed up against the edge of his bed, the two of them kissing heatedly. Peter thinks he must have gasped or said something without even realising because the pair break apart with twin looks of confusion.
Peter is captivated by the sight of Harry, long legs pressed up against one wall, back slouched, the sun hitting his face as he takes a drag. Breaking his gaze away he moves to sit on the floor against the bed where Harry’s English notes lie forgotten.
“I wanted to apologise for texting you the way that I did last week. I shouldn’t have been so rude.”
The pair have finished homework and are in the middle of decathlon drills when Tony steps out of the elevator. He moves silently to sit at the table with the boys as Ned continues to quiz Peter.
He’s ushering Michelle off of the roof when another blast sounds, landing in front of them and taking out the exit. Peter acts quickly, picking Michelle up without a second thought and swinging onto the next rooftop. He drops Michelle, rather ungracefully, onto the roof and continues swinging, desperate to get the green-guy away from any possible casualties.
Peter doesn’t have time to reply as the doors of the elevator open to the floor currently occupied by the two men in question. Steve spots them first jumping up off the couch to come and greet the pair.
“Whoa couple of smart guys then. You better watch out Tony, your kid’s gonna be giving you a run for your money in a few years.”
“Is that my son I hear?” Harry and Peter fly apart blushing furiously as a well-dressed man strolls into the lab. “Harry, my boy, you didn’t tell me you would be visiting today.” The man, Norman Osborn Peter guesses, comes to a stop in front of the pair towering over them easily with a distinct air of power surrounding him.
Peter’s not in the best mood when he arrives home and it isn’t helped when JARVIS ignores his request just to go to his own floor bringing him instead to the common area.
Trying to make it seem as casual as possible Peter turns towards the door to see exactly what he expected. Natasha leaning against the door frame her eyes examining Peter suspiciously.
Just before dinner Steve and Tony appear to introduce themselves and to invite MJ to stay, as they do with each one of Peter’s guests. The girl politely declines and states that she should really be getting home anyway.
Hello everyone! I'm so sorry about the amount of time I've been away from this fic, I truly had not expected it to last this long. But I'm back, and I bring with me a rather long chapter packed full of action and new plot points I want to develop and work on.
Peter jolts at the mention of his name. There have been several couples, families, and even single people through the house in the months that he has been here looking to adopt, but never have any of them shown any interest in him. Why would they? He’s fifteen, soon to be sixteen in August, nobody wants adopt an almost adult.
Someone, he’s not sure who, manages to get Harry to confess to being a rather proficient piano player. Before he knows what’s happening the whole group has migrated over to the grand piano standing near the window. The piano is never played and Peter thinks it was just bought to fill space more than anything.
Peter sighs in frustration and rolls his eyes putting his phone face down on his knee. Does no one care about everything that has happened to him recently? It’s not like what happened with his Aunt May was a secret, the whole school knew and they made Peter painfully aware of that by talking about it whenever they thought he wasn’t in ear-shot. He’s not exactly friends with Michelle, but they’ve known each other long enough that Peter would consider them ‘friendly’, this is the kind of thing he would have expected from Flash, not her. Picking his phone back up, he furiously types a response, letting probably a bit too much of his frustration out.
“Oh, well I didn’t really. I just assumed that they had told you.” Peter tries to cover his tracks. “They certainly remind me that that’s what they think about me enough.” The pair still look a little suspicious but the final comment seems to have thrown them.
Peter and MJ navigate the new developments between them. Harry is being moody. Steve and Tony win a bet.
It’s not far and they could easily make it there and back in a day but it’s tradition to stay overnight wherever the competitions are so every team member is waiting outside of the bus with their overnight bags.
“Okay, I’m leaving now.” His parents continue to laugh as Peter blushes furiously and scurries away to get in the elevator.
“Thanks Ned, I really appreciate it. All of this. I didn’t know where else to go, and I obviously couldn’t go back to the Tower.” Peter continues to inspect his leg; the swelling has gone down significantly and it’s not looking quite as angry as it was earlier, but it’s far from healed and will probably need a few more hours of rest before he can safely put any weight on it.
“Ignore them Peter, just follow my lead.” It’s awkward and clumsy, and Peter definitely steps on Steve’s feet more than once, although the blonde is too polite to say anything.
“Did I know that my dad worked for OSCROP? Did I know that he created the spider that bit me and gave me enhanced abilities? Did I know that Harry’s dad was friends with my dad? No, Ned. I didn’t know any of that.” Thankfully there’s a bench just a few steps behind them because Peter feels as though he might faint. The pair sit down and stare up at the image of Peter’s dad in dead silence.
It’s almost seven and Peter is just beginning to head back to the tower when he hears a strange noise. It sounds like a plane but it’s too close to the ground. He scales the closest building and perches on a fire escape, assessing his surroundings, looking for the source of the strange noise.
Feeling a bit happier Peter ignores the messages coming into his phone from Natasha and follows the direction to Harry’s house.
“It’s more than okay Peter. This is your home now.” A warm feeling settles nicely in Peter’s chest at Tony’s words. He promptly texts Ned telling him to meet him at an ice cream parlour nearby that they’ve been to a few times figuring that will be easier than sending Ned directions to the Avengers tower and then having to explain that.
Peter’s frown deepens. To his knowledge the only person on the team with his number was Ned, and he definitely hasn’t given it to anyone considering he and Ned tend to stick to themselves during practices. Which, upon reflection, is pretty rude and they should probably start talking to their teammates, but that’s beside the point. He decides to reply simply asking who is texting him, and also sends a text to Ned to see if his best friend has given anyone his number.
“Only if you want to.” Steve reiterates. “You’re on summer vacation from school now, I know it isn’t the standard holiday destination, but we thought you might enjoy it.”
“You okay?” Peter nods. “We’ve been tracking the technology they used to tear off the roof for a few months now, it's almost certainly alien tech. Your dads aren’t stalking you.” She smiles in a way that causes Peter to laugh slightly. “Is Harry still here?”
When Wednesday morning arrives, Peter realises he’s going to have to tell Steve and Tony about MJ coming over that afternoon. He decides to broach the subject as he’s about to leave for school which will give him a good escape route when the inevitable teasing begins.
Tony smiles fondly at him. “Quicker than most isn’t it?” The boy nods, clearly the expression on his face has given away his shock.
Peter: In case you didn’t know, I’ve had quite a lot going on in my life recently. So forgive me if I’ve not been able to attend decathlon as much recently, but I’ve had more important shit going on.
“Peter, this is Mr and Mrs Baker, they run the care home you are going to be staying at.” Peter feels unsure about the Bakers but feels encouraged by Mrs. Warren’s kind presence to try and say hello to the couple. “Peter dear, why don’t you go and take a seat in the family room while I discuss some things with Mr and Mrs Baker.” Peter nods and follows the instruction into a room that is much cleaner and tidier than Peter would have expected for a foster home. He expected at least some amount of mess, not this pristine room where the furniture all matches and there isn’t any sign of human life.
Eventually they migrate up to the common area for dinner where Bucky is waiting on them, the table already set and dinner laid out.
Peter is fairly certain his mouth is hanging open, but he isn’t really sure how else he is supposed to respond in this situation. “I, um-” His voice cracks much to his horror and embarrassment. After clearing his throat, he tries again. “That’s really nice of you to say Mr – um, Steve. But, why me?”
“Alright Mr Heroic, you need to get out of here before my dad comes back.” The blonde boy helps lift him up from the ground and starts to guide him back inside.
The building is nothing short of spectacular, about as tall as the Tower but vastly different in appearance. Where the tower is modern with lots of glass and reflective panels Harry’s building is art-deco in appearance giving it a distinctive character, Peter decides it suits his friend perfectly. He’s buzzed in by Harry’s cheerful voice and is told to come straight up to the penthouse.
Peter shakes his hands in a sign for Tony to stop talking. “Let’s just rewind for a second. You want me to come to
There’s a confusing mix of emotions swirling around inside of Peter right now, but one makes it way to the top, standing out stronger than any of the others. Anger.
“You’re alright bud. Why don’t ya pull up a chair?” Peter hesitates slightly but Bucky smiles in a welcoming way so he hops up on to the stool beside the man. There are a few minutes of some-what comfortable silence in which Peter enjoys his dinner, previously unaware of just how hungry he was; sometimes he forgets that he has a faster metabolism and so technically he should be eating more than he used to. The silence is broken again when Bucky stops doing whatever he was doing on his phone to ask him a question. “So, where’d you run off to earlier?”
MJ just rolls her eyes and ignores the other boy until Flash gets bored and moves away to bother someone else. As the bus pulls out of the parking lot MJ reaches over to hold Peter’s hand on the seat in the space between them. Peter’s really glad Flash left because he’s certain he resembles a tomato right now.
“Looking good Peter.” Sam smirks from his place beside Bucky who is nodding in agreement, both of them smiling bigger than he has ever seen them, and all because of his embarrassment.
Peter’s breathing becomes short and quick, his chest constricting tightly as the panic and memories of that night overtake him.
Sure, Harry looks great in his new suit, spinning around with glee to show Peter all of the different angles, but Peter didn’t grow up having the money to spend in places like Gucci and he doesn’t feel the need to start spending it just because he can. Plus, he’s fairly certain Harry could wear a second-hand suit from Goodwill and still look like he walked straight off of the pages of Vogue.
On the train home Tuesday afternoon Harry asks Peter to come shopping with him. Things have been anything but normal between them ever since Peter asked MJ out on a date and he would really like things to go back to the way they were. So, despite needing to go home and pack for the Decathlon trip Peter agrees.
Peter groans, remembering the moment clearly, while wondering how the Daily Bugle always manages to catch him at the worst possible moment. Someone with his enhanced senses should not still be as clumsy, but here he is on the home page of the Daily Bugle in all his embarrassing glory.
“You’ve got a secret, a big one. Something you’re desperately trying to make sure no one figures out.” She puts the mug down on the island. “You have extraordinarily quick reflexes, you come home injured far more often than is ordinary for a teenage boy, and when you spar with Steve you pull your punches.” Peter stays silent, waiting to see what else the red head has to say before he responds. “The more I notice the more I think you bear a striking resemblance to a certain crime fighting vigilante that likes to swing about the streets of New York.”
To say that Peter has a fraught relationship with Harry’s family company would be the understatement of the century. His most recent trip to the company’s building in Manhattan as part of a school trip ended in him being bitten by a radioactive spider. Peter’s beginning to think the world is out to get him.
“It’s so good to meet you Peter. How’s life with these two idiots as parents?” Bucky’s smile turns into a smirk as Steve and Tony protest him calling them idiots.
She understands keeping secrets, better than most, but there’s something about Peter’s secret keeping that is leading the assassin to believe he isn’t just some overly clumsy fifteen-year-old.
Not taking anything for granted Peter gets out of there as quickly as he can, heading back to where he stashed his backpack so that he can change.
He really needs to apologise to Bucky. All the other man had been trying to do was help him feel comfortable being himself, of course he had been right all along, but Peter had been unwilling to admit it and he’d been awful to Bucky in the process.
Harry lets out a laugh. “Luckily I get to avoid it for a little bit yet, my dad’s company is having some tech presentation outside of Oscorp so I have an obligation to be there.” Harry rolls his eyes and Peter feels like he has gained further insight into his new friend’s private life.
The train ride is just like every other one they have shared over the last few weeks. Harry asks about Tony and Steve and Peter tells him they’ll be home tonight. He spoke to them this morning and they said they were bringing a surprise with them.
A few people pipe up with suggestions eventually. Natasha thinks Peter should just tell MJ to be more direct in the future so that there are no more misunderstandings, but Peter can only see that discussion ending in an argument.
Thank you again for reading. I'm hoping to have the final chapter to this mini-story up as quickly as possible, hopefully within the next few days.
“No problem, just try and stay out of trouble… Later.” Peter decides to get out of there as quickly as possible, not trusting himself to be able to be discreet enough around Harry.
The pout l eases up slightly. “Still though. Please tell me you haven’t met him yet Peter, I think I’d die from jealousy if you had met him too.” Peter assures Ned that he hasn’t met Spider-Man.
The blonde boy is standing to Peter’s right watching the him with a cigarette dangling from his fingertips. “Having a good time?” Harry’s voice isn’t as light and teasing as it normally is so even through the alcohol induced haze Peter can tell his friend is upset. When Peter doesn’t respond Harry slides closer so that their shoulders are touching. “I’m not.”
Steve barely looks up from the paper he’s reading. “Yeah, clearly your husband is proof of your ‘killer game with the ladies’.” Peter can’t help the snort that escapes him and Steve winks at him from across the table.
“Well done Petey!” Tony beams at his son and pulls him into a tight hug, pressing a kiss to his head in the process.
“Then I swung my hammer and took his head clean off.” Everyone laughs and a few people applaud as Thor stands up taking his hammer in hand to demonstrate how he delivered the final blow.
Steve stands to round the table and sit next to his husband as the elevator doors slide shut. “That, was a very sweet thing to do.” He presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
In all honesty Peter hasn’t paid attention to a single word his teacher has said all year, and he’s still passed every test.
Part of Peter tries to remind him that this is his new home so he’ll have plenty of time to look around, but when you’ve led the life Peter has permanence isn’t really something you are familiar with.
Peter pulls on his arm to bring them to a stop. “You need to come as well, I can’t leave you here. What if he hurts you?”
“Does it ever make you feel guilty?” Harry turns to look at him now, there are unshed tears shining in his eyes. “That you don’t remember them properly?”
Once again Harry’s coolness astounds Peter who is far too awkward for his own good in every situation, even in his own home. The boys settle in against the couch to watch what JARVIS has selected for them, It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
He frowns slightly, unlocking his new Stark phone – something he had acquired yesterday when Tony practically threw his old iPhone at a wall after discovering that Peter was using an iPhone 4, apparently the son of Tony Stark can’t use something ‘so outdated its practically pre-historic’ – to read the text properly.
He walks alone for about ten minutes until he hears the distinct noise of footsteps hitting the sidewalk behind him.
Coming back to his senses Peter lurches back from the other boy’s lips, banging his head quite hard off of the wooden bedframe in the process.
Everything flows easily between them as soon as they start running Decathlon questions. Peter discovers a lot about MJ he didn’t know over the course of the next few hours; for example, on top of being exceptionally observant MJ is really funny. It’s a dark and dry humour built upon heavy on sarcasm and wit, it fits her perfectly.
Steeling himself for the conversation that is about to take place Peter leaves the safety of his bedroom and pads down the hallway towards the kitchen.
It’s Sam’s turn to laugh now. “Hey, kid, chill out. We were just messing with you. But if you ever want to talk about anything, you know where to find us.” Peter looks up to meet Sam’s eyes and finds a knowing compassion there. “Right Buck, let’s go, we’ve had our fun. Goodnight kid.”
He has several text messages from Ned gushing about how well he got along with Liz, Peter decides those can wait as there are far more pressing text messages. First there’s one from MJ asking where he went last night and asking if he’s okay. Then there are the texts that make his heart flip, three messages from Harry.
Bucky continues the conversation by asking questions about the English work. This is generally the extent of their conversations, Bucky enquiring about complicated equations and watching in awe as Peter solves them easily. They haven’t mentioned the conversation about Harry from last week but Peter can’t stop thinking about it.
They stare intensely into each other’s eyes. Peter is thoroughly uncomfortable and entirely out of his element attempting to hold his own against a specially trained assassin and spy like Natasha Romanov.
After taking a deep breath Peter places one hand near his ankle and another just below his knee, after a second of hesitation he twists until the bone clicks back into place. Peter bites down on the towel so hard his jaw aches almost as bad his leg.
Peter ends up being directly involved in the Avengers debriefing that night when he makes it back to the Tower. It’s a strange experience because he’s never been involved in anything so formal in his life, and he gets to meet Nick Fury.
MJ laughs and Peter decides he needs to make her do that more often; she looks so carefree and pretty when she laughs. “Sounds good. So… Saturday?”
“Wilson leave my son alone, he’s smarter at fifteen than you could ever hope to be.” Tony pulls Peter to safety away from Sam.
Without even realising what he’s doing Peter springs forward to engulf Natasha in a hug. “Thank you, Nat.”
“He’s right. Would’ve been here sooner, but the child care system is messy, lots of paper work and things to sign.” Mr. Stark makes a disgusted face at the idea of having to sign forms which causes Peter’s lips to quirk into a small smile. “Shall we sit?”
Peter nods in agreement. “I have some memories…” He breaks off to clear his throat as his voice cracks thick with emotion. “But I can never tell what’s real and what I’ve created from stories my Aunt May and Uncle Ben told me.”
“Oh yeah, sorry, I was, um, out on a walk.” Harry begins to lead them down a long hallway with high ceilings.
The thirty second timer chimes just as Peter begins the final part of the equation. Tony takes see this as a window of opportunity to get involved in their practice. “The answer is one hundred forty-seven, Mr Leeds.”
Once the two have left Sam finally emerges from the kitchen coming to sit on the couch with Steve, Tony, Bucky and Peter. With no second thought he slumps down on the couch beside Peter and points at him before turning to Steve. “This is the kid?”
Peter rolls his eyes at this logic. “Ned she was the one asking us questions. I had to look at her.” MJ had stood at a makeshift podium taking on the role of question master in order to run drills with the team.
When he reaches the door and pushes it open he immediately regrets the decision. Harry’s in there. He just isn’t alone.
When the elevator doors open Harry is there waiting on the other side with a huge grin on his face. “You got here quick!”
“Relax паучок, you’re just a convenient first-hand account of what happened, nothing else.” Natasha whispers quietly enough that only he can hear her.
Everything descends into further chaos from there, Peter’s problem all but forgotten. However, he is mildly relieved as he doesn’t think they were getting very far with the issue anyway.
“No. He’s with your dad in the lab.” Peter nods relieved that the scientist isn’t about for this conversation, he has no idea where this is going.
The attacker tilts his head to the side. “Why, it’s simple, isn’t it? I want you dead.” He speeds towards Peter again, throwing three explosives all at once.
Peter laughs uncomfortably. “Oh well, yeah. I, um, I hope that happens for you?” Peter is sure he imagines it but MJ seems to huff slightly before she stands up.
Sure enough, his home screen is full of missed calls and text messages. Scanning through them quickly Peter spots three messages from Bruce, three messages and four missed calls from Natasha, five missed calls and ten text messages from each of his parent’s respectively, but by far the most notifications are from Bucky.
He carefully unlocks the bathroom door and creeps back along the corridor. Thankfully for him the couches where everyone is currently seated aren’t in direct view of the elevators, so he successfully gets into the elevator and pushes the button for his floor without alerting anyone to his presence.
“You better not be flirting with my husband Barnes, not a good first impression to make on our son, he’d be desperately upset if you took Stevie away from us.” Peter blushes slightly at Tony’s words. He hasn’t heard Tony or Steve introduce him to someone as their son before, it’s a strange feeling but one Peter thinks he would like to get used to. Coming face to face with the Winter Soldier on the other hand Peter is not so sure about.
Steve takes pity on his son, reaching over to pat his back sympathetically. “She obviously wanted you to ask her to the dance Pete.”
Over the past few weeks, since she apologised to him in the hallway, Peter has found he quite likes MJ’s company. She can be a bit standoffish at times but he’s noticed new layers to her personality recently. For example, MJ is probably the most observant person Peter knows, and he lives with spies and assassins. She has a really good sense of humour and is actually extremely funny.
The girls bring Peter into the fold asking a hundred questions to the point where he begins to feel overwhelmed with the attention. Harry is no help and simply smirks when Peter shoots him a
When it’s finally time to leave Peter walks Ned and Harry down to the main entrance. Ned’s mom is there waiting for him and he rushes off to jump in the car and avoid the rain with a goodbye barely shouted over his shoulder, leaving Harry and Peter alone watching the rain bounce off of the sidewalk.
“Oh – Hi, em, hi Bucky. Just getting my dinner then I’ll get out of your way.” He motions to the plate in his right hand before putting it in the microwave to heat up.
“Is Tony Stark. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner Harry. Sometimes I think it’s just easier to show rather than tell. That’s what I did with Ned at least.”
There are a few tense minutes of silence, Michelle goes back to her book and the boys stare at nothing, patiently waiting for the other team members to arrive. Eventually the library door swings open again letting in the rest of their team and Mr. Harrington.
“Shut up and let us enjoy our dinner Legolas.” Tony ushers the three boys over to the table. “Band of idiots meet Ned and Harry.”
I won't make any promises about a new chapter, but if things go my way I'll have another one up soon.
Happy picks Peter up that night just after six o’clock. Never one for small talk Peter is more than a little surprised when Happy asks if he’s had a nice day. There’s a weight behind the question that suggests his parents had been in touch with Happy when he wasn’t answering his phone. Peter makes sure to keep all responses light-hearted so as not to arouse any suspicion from the head of security.
Peter tries to not let his disappointment show on his face as Tony approaches and pulls the boy against his chest under the comfortable weight of the older man’s arm. “Aren’t you friends with the OSCORP heir? Maybe he could help.” Peter shrugs non-committedly in response finally resigning himself to the fact that he’ll need to ask Harry for help if he wants to get anywhere.
“We had a bet on who would slip up first.” Tony pockets the bill his eyes shining with childish glee. “Steve thought his and Barnes’ long-standing bromance would prevail and eventually you’d give in and tell him. I on the other hand bet on Wilson’s never-ending stupidity.”
“Well kid I hate to break it to you but you’re not a trained assassin so your idea of pushing yourself and Nat’s are very different.”
“Well something came up that called for the best, and you’re looking at him.” Nat throws a fortune cookie at Clint’s head causing his smile to change to a pout. “Rude.”
Steve and Tony both jump up from their seats to point accusing fingers at the pair. “WE KNEW IT!” They high-five and then Steve is pulling out his wallet and handing his husband $20.
“How are we this afternoon Petey-pie?” Tony walks into Peter’s floor and wraps him in a one-armed hug, the other preoccupied with a tablet full of files he is reading. Peter realised quite quickly that Tony gives everyone nicknames, several of them, however Petey-pie seems to be one he’s pretty much settled on for Peter. “Tower’s about to get a whole lot busier, so I thought I would come and get you so that you can be properly introduced to the rest of the team.”
The grief of losing Aunt May is still fresh, he doesn’t actually feel as though he’s been given time to grieve properly. Living in such a strict environment with no one to talk to doesn’t really allow for grieving the loss of your aunt. It’s all made ten times worse when Peter is asked to identify his aunt’s body after a few weeks in the foster home.
Harry chuckles rubbing soothing circles into Peter’s back as he continues to cough. “Easy Pete, don’t inhale as quickly next time.” He brings the tip of the cigarette back down to Peter’s mouth where he takes a more even drag, feeling the smoke fill his lungs before letting it back out.
“Kid, just how smart are you?” Peter shrugs, embarrassed by all of the attention, something Tony senses. “That is an untapped well of potential, for another time. In the meantime, Bruce, I have an equation I need you to look at…”
“Peter, is it okay if I walk with you today? My dad has finally decided to let me get the train and we’re both heading in the same direction.” Harry smiles at him and Peter feels his stomach drop slightly at the sight.
Peter is regaling the other boy with the story of Ned’s reaction and laughing hysterically as they step out of the elevator onto his floor.
Peter’s curiosity gets the better of him and he asks exactly why Harry is attending a science based high school with little to no talent or interest in the subject. The other boy isn’t at all offended by the question and laughs loudly when Peter asks, explaining that given his Dad’s position of power he pulled some strings. It’s obvious that there’s more to the story that Harry is choosing not to share so Peter doesn’t push for more information.
Harry says nothing else for the rest of the journey, only saying a short goodbye as they part ways when they get off the train again.
He sighs exasperatedly, running a hand through his hair. “My problem is you. Why are you even out here? What happened to that guy from earlier? You seemed pretty cosy in your room.”
Steve ruffles Peter’s hair in greeting when they’re all sat down at the dining table, the lunch Steve prepared laid out in front of them. Conversations are light, mainly everyone present (Tony, Steve, Nat, Bucky and Sam) catching up with Bruce.
“Most of them are away on a mission right now, so you’ll have some time to get settled in and acquainted with the place before you get overloaded meeting all of the other weirdos that live there.” Tony smirks as Steve reprimands him for calling their friends weirdos. “Well, they are, what else do you call a group of mildly unstable superheroes?”
“Oh, yeah I suppose it is.” Peter continues to sip his coffee, he had forgotten the dance was coming up. Last year during the dance Ned had stayed over at Peter’s watching horror movies all night. That would be fun to do again he thinks, and this year they could invite Harry to come along. “Are you going?”
Like I said, I'm aiming for the third part of this series to start next week so keep any eye out for it.
Giving one final push Peter is able to dislodge enough of the beam so that he can pull his leg out from under it, he tries to ignore the way his leg flops lifelessly to the side, concentrating all his energy on getting to the window before the rest of the building comes down.
“Peter, it doesn’t have to mean anything.” That was probably the last thing he expected to hear. “You’re still you. Still the same geeky, dorky, awkward, adorable mess that you were twenty-four hours ago when you were still pretending not to be blinded by my rugged good looks.” Harry flips his hair jokingly causing Peter to laugh. “Labels are overrated, they only need to mean something if you want them to. I’ve practically known I was gay since the day I could walk, but it isn’t something I feel the need to tell people, unless it comes up. For now, you can just worry about being you. Don’t force yourself into finding a label because you think you have to.”
Harry is stood, somewhat frozen, watching the chaos unfold. Throwing all caution to the wind and ignoring his Spidey-sense entirely Peter all but throws himself into the fray dodging bombs and debris alike in a desperate scramble to get to Harry.
Peter doesn’t have many memories of his dad. He knew that he was a scientist but that was about it. Aunt May and Uncle Ben hadn’t liked speaking about Peter’s parents because they found it too upsetting and Peter had respected that. But now he’s been given more information than he thinks he can handle.
In the past week since the rather awkward conversation Sam and Bucky had cornered Peter into the pair had found a comfortable and easy silence in each other’s company. Bucky could often be found on Peter’s floor just sitting with the boy as he watched TV or completed school work.
“Okay, can I stop now?” He pleads with the adults who laugh, Tony waves him off to go get out of the suit and he takes off at a run to get back into jeans and a t-shirt.
Ned brushes off the apology and happily gets up to retrieve his ‘party hat’ from the nightstand. “It gives me confidence.” He says proudly.
There’s a sinking feeling in his chest as Peter begins to piece together where this is headed. “The blast that hit your apartment block was from one of those weapons.” Steve provides, confirming what Peter had suspected. “Do you understand?”
He thinks he’s in the clear, the suit is on, the replacement web fluid is tucked safely into his pocket, and his window is perfectly positioned to allow him a clear shot at a nearby building. Just as Peter is about to climb out of the window JARVIS’ voice comes through the room ruining his perfect plan.
Every night for the next two weeks Peter follows the same routine, sometimes staying out longer or coming back to his room earlier depending on what New York has to offer that evening.
Peter blanks, he hadn’t even thought about what to say if someone asked where he had gone. He had thought that he would have been able to avoid Tony and Steve until tomorrow morning and by that point he would have managed to come up with something, lying has never been his strong suit.
Peter tells him about some of the homework they had to do and after a few more questions explains briefly about academic decathlon and what that involves.
In the distance he spots a strange green figure fast approaching his vantage point. As the figure gets closer Peter is able to distinguish the shape of a man standing on top of, what appears to be a hover board, clad in all green.
When they’ve finished eating the dishes get cleared away and the family migrate over to the couches. Peter’s been waiting all day to find out what the exciting news is, it’s taking all of his will power not to outright ask Steve and Tony right this second.
Peter keeps up for the most part but it’s late and about twenty minutes into Bruce’s speech, that has essentially become a science lecture, he’s struggling to keep his eyelids open. He’s trying desperately to keep his head up when a hand, which feels distinctly metal, snakes around his shoulders and guides his drooping head towards a very inviting shoulder. He stops resisting, gladly giving into the exhaustion, allowing his eyes to close.
“Mr Osborn, considering you are our newest addition why don’t you take a crack at this equation?” It clicks instantly, Harry Osborn, son of Norman Osborn the owner of Oscorp.
Peter didn’t even get upset when the Police Officer informed him that they couldn’t release the body for a proper burial because the explosion in the building was part of a larger case, in which his Aunt’s body was considered evidence.
Peter ponders for a second, trying to decide whether to reveal just how much he actually knows about the Avengers. That he’s been mildly obsessed with them since he was a kid, and that Iron Man even saved him once at the Stark Expo. Tell Steve all about how he had every action figure, and the lunchbox and the bed sheets. About how his teachers used to have to ask him to draw something other than the group of super-heroes. He settles on explaining that he knows a lot, but not revealing the more embarrassing aspects of his Avengers-obsession.
On the walk up towards the house Peter remembers something he heard Mrs Warren say back at the police station, this must be the foster home she had been talking about. The large oak door opens after two knocks to reveal a very put-together looking couple. The woman is tall and thin with blonde hair pulled back in a bun, the man is also tall and thin with dark hair and a very severe looking face. Mrs. Warren greets them and introduces Peter.
The fact that Captain America and Iron Man have seen something in him, and feel so strongly about it that they want to make him a part of their family is still disorienting to Peter. He hasn’t fully wrapped his mind around it yet, so much so that he hasn’t even told Ned. He texted his best friend to say that things were changing for him again so he wouldn’t be in school for a few days but hadn’t given him any specifics. Being the amazing friend that he is, Ned had replied telling Peter that he was there if he needed anything and to keep him updated on what was happening. Peter really thanks his lucky stars every day that he has Ned Leeds.
“In the time before you sweetums. You know there’s no other for me now.” Tony leans over to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek.
“You are too, you’re the one that recognised it.” Their laughter dies down until they’re standing in the lab holding hands, smiling and staring deep into each other’s eyes. There’s a noticeable crack of energy between them exactly like that day in Harry’s bedroom.
The first thing that had alerted her to something strange going on with Steve and Tony’s son was that night in the kitchen. The boy was very clearly limping in an attempt to avoid putting weight on his foot, Natasha could admit that he was doing a decent job of hiding it and to any untrained eye nothing would’ve appeared out of place.
The rest of dinner is relatively normal and Peter is quite happy for everyone to ask Ned and Harry a million questions, leaving him to overthink about what the hell just happened between him and the blonde boy.
The remainder of the night is fairly uneventful, they order in dinner (Chinese, Peter’s choice) and eat at the dining table on Steve and Tony’s floor. They pass the night through small talk, mainly about Peter and school. They eventually migrate to the couch where Tony puts Netflix on a big screen, choosing something to go on in the background.
Tony catches the lead singer with similar success, Captain America’s shield flies through the air towards the Green Goblin taking out one of the engines on his hover board. He veers off to the side struggling to stay in the air before giving up with a cry of anguish and flying away. The other man lets out a similar frustrated cry and flies off after his accomplice.
There are two fire engines battling the raging fire, the flames seeming impossibly high, three or four ambulances, and numerous police cars. Peter can’t really make out the scene correctly as tears begin cloud his vision.
They land about two blocks away after Peter managed to distract the Green-guy, sending him in the opposite direction with a successful fake-out.
It takes a while but Peter is eventually able to convince his parents that he is fine. That he just lost track of time and decided to sleep over at Ned’s but forgot to charge his phone.
With one hurdle already tackled Peter figures he may as well take on another. Opening up his call log he finds Steve’s name and presses call. He figures Steve might be calmer than Tony after hearing nothing but radio silence from their teenage son over the past twenty-four hours. He figured wrong.
The idea had crossed his mind of course, but something about asking his adoptive dad to dig up information on his biological dad feels rude. Deep down he knows he needs someone who can retrieve files only available to OSCORP employees if he’s going to find out anything really useful and Tony can definitely do that.
“How are you feeling about today?” Peter looks up from his plate to meet Tony’s gaze, his eyes kind and understanding. Peter knows that both of his guardians can sympathise with how he is feeling right now given that they’ve both had their fair share of nerve-wracking situations, the key difference being that theirs probably were also life-threatening situations.
He starts by swinging in and catching as many falling pieces of building as he can before they squish the people below. A few times he glides in picking up people and swinging them away to the nearest safe spot.
Peter can hear a bell chiming midnight as he comes to land on the roof of particularly tall apartment block. Feeling safe enough to do so, Peter removes the mask from his face and sits on the edge of the building with his legs dangling off the edge. There’s a chill in the air that bites at Peter’s skin turning his nose and cheeks red. Heaving a deep breath the young boy stares up at the sky heavy with clouds. It’s eerily peaceful for a night in Queens and Peter welcomes the calm.
“You mean…? This is mine?” The smirks on Steve and Tony’s faces have only gotten bigger. “This is, wow. This is too much…”
“So… What are your other talents Harry?” Peter thanks whatever God is out there every day for Steve Rogers and his ‘old man’ questions.
Peter doesn’t think he has heard his social worker correctly at first, until Captain America is walking forward to shake his hand. “It’s lovely to meet you Peter, we’ve been wanting to for a while now.” The boy stares dumbfounded at the tall blond man in front of him and can only manage to nod in recognition.
A plate of toast, eggs and bacon alongside a giant mug of coffee are placed in front of Peter and he practically inhales the food after the smell makes him realise just how hungry he is. While he eats Peter decides to check his phone which has been buzzing since he woke up this morning.
Harry makes the whole situation easier than Peter could have hoped for. He’s barely finished telling his friend that Richard worked at OSCORP when an invitation has already been extended to visit the company at the weekend.
Peter smiles at that, unable to resist Harry’s easy charm. “I was studying for a while, but then, erm, let’s just say a change of scenery was greatly needed.” Harry just nods.
Peter is just beginning to get bored when Ned and MJ call him over to an exhibit under the heading “Amazing Arachnids”. The humour is lost on MJ but Ned and Peter share a knowing smile as they wander around reading the various boards containing information about different types of spider.
Ned eventually finds them back there and smiles in delight when the super heroes congratulate him as well, before he tells Peter that the team are heading out now to start sight-seeing.
Nothing is mentioned throughout the meal, however when they’ve finished cleaning up Bucky and Steve share a look before inviting Peter to join them in the training room. The young boy follows both Super Soldiers into the gym, slightly confused as to why they’ve asked him to come with them.
Peter shrugs. “Just some Chemistry, and History, which I’m terrible at but Steve is some what of an expert on World War Two so he always helps out.”
On the 14th of April Peter is being picked up by Steve and Tony (who insisted Peter stops calling him Mr. Stark) to be taken to his new home. They come to pick him up in a flashy car that Tony is driving himself. Both men look at him with sadness when they realise he only has his backpack and a few items of clothing to his name. Tony makes a comment about taking him shopping as soon as possible.
Watching them all interact Peter realises he can always count on one thing; no matter how crazy his and his families lives are they all genuinely love and care about each other. It’s not been an easy road to get here but Peter can say confidently he feels safe and loved living here in the Tower with Steve and Tony, and of course his extended gaggle of family in the form of assassins, super soldiers, and gods.
The black eye isn’t as bad as it probably looked a few hours ago, okay maybe he’s back on better terms with the enhanced healing, but it’s clearly still a black eye blooming across the right side of his face. There is absolutely no way he’s gonna be able to hide this from Tony and Steve.
“I hope I didn’t interrupt your plans. I just figured you would’ve been holed up in your room studying and that you could use a change of scenery.”
The next thing he’s aware of are two arms slipping under his legs and shoulders to lift him bridal style. He tries to protest but someone, he’s fairly sure it’s Steve, shushes him. And then all that matters is the soft press of his mattress and pillow as sleep fully takes him.
“Well, if I can’t squish you at least this building will!” The Green Goblin launches himself out of one of the still standing windows, landing on his hover board and flying off as he cackles maniacally.
Ned and Harry begin an intense discussion about the merits of the Star Wars prequels that Peter is more than content to just listen to. The pair have just moved onto discussing Ewan McGregor’s casting as Obi Wan when MJ comes to sit beside Peter, opposite from Ned and Harry.
The two superheroes show Peter various different levels in the tower including their own floor, Tony’s lab, they skip over the personal floors of the other tower occupants only pausing briefly to show Peter which floor each is on. Peter thinks they must be about finished when the elevator stops one last time, opening up onto the floor below Tony and Steve’s.
It takes him a while to realise that he’s been crying, only noticing when his breathing hitches. He would give anything to be able to rewind time, to go back to when his life was good and Aunt May was still alive. Tears flow freely down his face as Peter thinks about what he has lost and the sad reality of what his life has become.
To say that his first week in the Baker’s home was intimidating would be an understatement. Peter had been allowed a few weeks off from school given the circumstances, but a large part of him desperately wished he was back in school. Living with the Baker’s meant being on edge 24/7. The couple seemed nice enough, but something about them didn’t sit right with Peter. They were watching his every move, essentially monitoring him every time he took a step or even when he breathed. The crushing weight of losing his Aunt was already suffocating enough, the last thing Peter needed right now were two overbearing, overly strict, strangers breathing down his neck.
Steve makes his way onto their side of the breakfast bar, discarding the toast he was making in the process, to carefully take Peter’s face in his hands. “Who did this?” The seriousness of Steve’s voice conveys the intensity of Captain America, rather than Steve Rogers who makes the Avengers pancakes and sings along to Ariana Grande songs. Peter suddenly understands why bad guys think twice before taking this man on.
Peter answers every question as best he can. Some are easy; how did this happen? Mutated spider bite. Where? Oscorp. On the field trip? Yes. How long ago? Almost a year now.
When Harry said the concert was going to be in a warehouse Peter had expected to show up to a run-down old structure with rusting beams and a steel door. He did not expect everything to look so put together and not like a warehouse at all. There’s a large stage towards the back of the room where the band are setting up, a curtain of black hangs behind them highlighted by purple stage lights, wrapped around the steel beams at the edges of the room are hundreds of strings of fairy lights which somehow make the massive space feel smaller and more intimate.
Peter can feel the heat flaring up his neck and blooming across his face. He doesn’t even need a mirror to know that he must look like a tomato right now. “Yeah, he’s uh, he’s a great friend.”
This gave Peter the opportunity to neglect his studies in favour of researching his newest adversary. So far Google hadn’t been much help but eventually he had been led to an article on the Daily Bugle. Not Peter’s usual choice for news given their open disdain for Spider-Man, but when the pickings are slim you take what you can get.
It’s very obvious to the woman that the teen’s movements aren’t natural. He doesn’t look awkward or clumsy as she would expect someone with zero fighting skills to look, on the contrary, Peter is very obviously pulling his punches.
Peter looks at Harry fully now, they’re standing with barely any space between them, and when he meets Harry’s eyes there’s something swimming beneath the false show of anger and mocking. Peter can tell it’s false, he can see it in Harry’s eyes which are far too expressive and give everything away.
There it is, the million-dollar question hanging in the air between them. The very question Peter can’t figure out the answer to.
“You did.” She replies bluntly. “But, I understand why…” It’s abundantly obvious that Michelle is uncomfortable with speaking so openly, by her standards. “So… Yeah.”
Harry’s eyebrows crease together as he lets out a small laugh. “Did you just quote Harry Potter?” Peter joins in and soon they’re both laughing, hands still joined between them. “You’re such a nerd.”
Two nights in a row he’s been left alone here with assassins. “I need to stop coming to this kitchen after eight o’clock at night.” Peter mutters to himself as he gets into the elevator to head to his own bed.
“I’d be careful with that if I were you.” A voice cuts through the silence startling Peter so that he almost drops the small device in his hand. “It’s basically a mini-nuke, you wouldn’t wanna drop it.” Peter looks up to discover the owner of the voice to be none other than Dr. Bruce Banner, realising this almost causes Peter to drop the device all over again.
“Oh my God, Pete! Are you okay?” Harry helps him into a sitting position. “You shouldn’t have done that you idiot.”
He pushes past the stinging feeling in his shoulder and releases all of his tension into the bag, Steve and Bucky observing all the while. Eventually the pair begin sparring with one another, leaving Peter to his own devices. But his Spider-sense is acutely aware that he is still being watched.
“What can I say? You bagged the sweetest man on the planet.” Tony’s grin widens as Steve continues placing kisses along his jaw and down his neck.
“You’ll regret that Spider-Man!” Green-guy steadies himself again, preparing to throw another explosive.
They pass a few hours, doing more chatting than studying and listening to Harry’s extensive record collection.
Harry looks exhausted at the mere thought of homework. “I think that is the understatement of the century. It’s not my fault I’m awful at science!”
Peter had expected to cry, or to break down, or maybe even have a panic attack because those have been happening more frequently, which is just what Peter needs really, another issue that causes him to be a disturbance in his foster home. What Peter hadn’t expected was a total feeling of nothing.
They’re just about to turn down the street that the Tower stands on when Peter resolves to tell MJ what she’s about to walk into. “So, you know how I got adopted a few months ago?” MJ nods, her expression never giving anything away. “Well
This couple seem pleased that there will be a group of them attending. “Okay kid. Harry can you give me the address?” Tony pulls out his phone and hands it to Harry. “Just make sure your home by twelve, and tell JARVIS to let us know when you’re back.”
When they finish chatting in their family bubble Steve wraps a comforting arm around Peter’s shoulders and walks him into the main area. At that point Peter realises there are far more people here than usual. “Remember how we told you we had a surprise for you?” Peter nods in response to Steve’s question, how could he not? He’s been trying to figure out what it could be all day. “Well it got a bit out of hand and a few more people turned up than we expected.”
They’ve been shopping for a while, getting Peter basically a whole new wardrobe and even finding some stuff that he thinks would go great in his new room. Peter isn’t used to spending money so freely, Aunt May and Uncle Ben weren’t poor but they didn’t have disposable income to just spend however they wished. It takes several reassurances from both Steve and Tony before Peter becomes some-what comfortable with them spending ridiculous amounts of money on him, and even at that he feels guilty the entire time.
The blonde boy turns around smiling broadly and Peter swears his breath catches a little. “Peter, hey. I’m so sorry about this, usually I’m great with directions. No idea how I ended up here of all places.”
Peter holds him off with an outstretched hand that stops Harry dead in his tracks. “I’m fine.” He grits out, he’s had worse before but Peter’s brain is feeling particularly fuzzy in this moment and he doesn’t think that’s just a result of banging his head on the bed.
Thankfully Physics is the last class of the day, as soon as the bell goes Peter rushes out of class to avoid his aggressor. Harry and Ned are waiting for him at his locker, deep in conversation about Ned’s new Lego set that the three of them have made plans to tackle over the weekend.
“MJ would probably be the one kicking me.” Peter mutters to himself. The girl can be truly terrifying at times.
Peter heads off towards his new favourite alley way, stashing his backpack and changing into his suit as quickly as possible. Before swinging off he sends a text to Tony telling him that he got held up at after-school study. Satisfied that he’s bought himself a few hours of freedom the boy swings into the hustle and bustle of New York.
“Yeah, Peter and I got to talking. He was just telling me that he’s read all of my papers when you walked through the door.” Tony looks down at Peter in mild surprise, the boy continues to blush under the gaze of both men. “Says he read them ‘for fun’.”
‘Flash makes my life hell in any way that he can, last night I saved Michelle from a potentially serious situation but she doesn’t know I’m Spider-Man, I’m terrified that people at school will somehow find out that I have been adopted by two of the most famous people on the planet or equally that they will find out I’m Spider-Man, so now I have two big secrets to hide from them, and just all around my anxiety is probably at a ten right now…’
Ned huffs, knowing exactly what Michelle is like and seeing no point in trying to explain what he meant. Fact is she knows exactly what he means, Michelle just likes to make things difficult for other people.
He rolls his eyes, there is no such thing as a simple answer with Nat. “Okay… And what does that mean?”
Steve interrupts the fun as the clock turns ten insisting that Peter should probably be heading to bed. Clint teases him slightly but bids the younger boy goodbye as he’ll be returning back to the farm tomorrow until the next Avengers meeting in a few weeks’ time.
The music is blasting as per usual. Tony has been trying to educate Peter on ‘real’ music in the past few days, and although Peter appreciates the effort he just doesn’t think he’ll ever really like all the ACDC stuff that Tony listens to.
Peter is really hoping to get to the Decathlon final without any more confrontations with friends or family members, but as per usual, he doesn’t get his way.
“Dude you’re not ready for this. I was talking to Michelle, weird I know, but she came to me. Started asking me questions about Spider-Man. Turns out that she met him! Last night!” Peter fakes interest, asking questions and giving a ‘no way!’ or ‘dude!’ every now and then. “Apparently, she was on the roof of her apartment block just reading when, BOOM, there’s an explosion nearby. Then Spider-Man comes in out of nowhere being chased by some weird green dude. And the guy is throwing bombs all over the place so Spider-Man picks up Michelle and swings away with her to keep her safe! I mean, can you believe it? I’m so jealous man.” Ned is practically drooling at the thought of being rescued by Spider-Man and Harry looks at Peter his expression reading as ‘seriously what’s with this guy and Spider-Man?’
He doesn’t really remember making his way back to the Tower or getting into bed, but what does stand out brighter than all other memories from last night is the kiss he shared with a boy he finally admitted to having a massive crush on.
“So, em, I was wondering. Who else lives in the tower?” Peter asks, curiosity getting the better of him. He’s heard a few names mentioned but hasn’t had anything directly confirmed yet.
Satisfied with her work Natasha rolls his pant leg back down. “Now you can go to bed.” Then she gets up and leaves without saying anything else.
Against his better judgement Peter opens the paper and is greeted by a rather detailed drawing of a stick figure version of himself giving a blowjob to a floating phallus. At the top of the page the words ‘Penis Parker Loves Dick’ are written in bold letters.
He can’t handle going home, having to face Bucky with the knowledge of what just happened between him and Harry.
“Go and have fun kid, we’ll see you tomorrow.” He hugs each of his parents again and then leaves with a smile permanently etched on his face. Although it shouldn’t be possible, the smile grows a bit bigger again when Peter pulls out his phone to see a text from Harry:
Hi everyone! This started off as a one-shot that grew arms and legs so I decided to split it into a few chapters (probably three).
He slots so easily into everything; a school where he isn’t even proficient in their subject speciality, Ned and Peter’s friendship, a Tower full of Super Heroes, a dinner where he’s been questioned by said Super Heroes all evening, and here sitting at a piano looking more serene than Peter has ever seen anyone look.
Peter can’t stop the laugh that leaves his mouth. MJ turns her piercing gaze on him. “Sorry, it’s just I wouldn’t really call you social either.”
Someone is there with him, begging him to listen, to breathe. He tries to tune out the sirens, the lights, the flames, and to only focus on the comforting presence to his left.
He smiles again. “Nice to meet you Peter. I’m Harry. As you’ve probably noticed I’m new, don’t know anyone, would you mind showing me the ropes around here?”
He slams the door to his room shut with a satisfying thud and grabs his backpack from under his bed before opening the window and slipping out. It’s just after seven o’clock as Peter changes into the suit and begins to swing. He stays out later than he usually would, considering that nothing eventful or significant has happened in the five hours that he’s been swinging about the streets of Queens.
“Well it doesn’t make me feel better. Let’s get some food in you Pete, you won't feel as sick after that.” Steve drops a kiss onto Peter’s hair as he walks past, Tony does the same on the way to the fridge leaving the boy blushing on his barstool.
Peter’s eyes scan the room, noting the presence of four new people. He recognises all of them instantly of course; Black Widow and Hawkeye are in the kitchen discussing something in hushed tones, Bucky is the one making Steve laugh from where they’re sitting on the couches, and Sam is rummaging about in the fridge.
Peter swings back home relatively early that night, landing on his bedroom floor with a soft thud. JARVIS tells him that leftovers have been kept for him in the common area fridge so after a quick change into some pyjamas Peter heads up.
Suddenly the figure rises, dropping the blanket to reveal the Green Goblin. “Aw look who’s here to save me, ickle-spideykins to the rescue!” Peter manages to backflip out of the way just as Goblin strikes forward with a blade. “Nice moves itsy-bitsy but I doubt you’ll be able to dodge these.”
The crowd of people are running in all directions now, dodging bombs and debris alike. If Peter doesn’t make a move now this could end badly for many people involved.
Someone, Sam, clears their throat causing the two boys to break their gaze. Peter blushes furiously realising every person in the room just watched him stare deeply into his new friend’s eyes.
The first song Peter is singing in this chapter is Black Dog by Led Zeppelin, incase anyone was wondering.
It’s Saturday so there’s no urgency to Peter’s actions, he takes his time preparing breakfast and deciding what to do with his weekend. The past week of school had flown in very quickly, busy with tests and assignments galore. As the end of the year rapidly approaches the number of projects had practically doubled and with every passing day Peter is readier for the reprieve the summer months bring from school work. However, in the meantime there is still a great deal to be done so the boy heads back down to his own floor after consuming breakfast alone to study for the upcoming English test.
Peter leans forward to close the space between them, the barely existent space that all at once feels to big and too small. Their lips meet in a passionate kiss. Peter doesn’t know why he was trying to hide and deny this for so long. This, like everything with Harry, feels more natural than it ever has with anyone else. They fit together so well, like pieces of a puzzle finally being joined. Peter feels as though a massive weight has been lifted as he stands on a balcony with his arms wrapped tight around the boy who has turned his world upside down.
“Kid, c’mon, we’ve been over this.” Tony points at himself. “Hello? Billionaire. I like spending money on you, that’s the whole point of having a kid, spoiling them.” Peter practically bounces over to Tony enveloping him in a tight hug. “Whoa, strong grip. You tryna strangle me?” Peter blushes and eases up having forgotten himself in his excitement.
“Erm. No, I don’t think so. I believe that decision is one only my husband and I can make. So now, if you could do what you’re supposed to do and go and get Peter for us. Thanks.” Peter’s eyes widen at the way this man is able to put the Bakers in their place. These people must be serious about adopting him if they aren’t put off by the attempt to persuade them otherwise.
His old apartment building is flashing on screen before he even really knows what is happening, flames billowing out of the top. And all of a sudden he’s back there on that night watching it happen from afar. Rushing over to find out that he’s lost his last living relative.
“I know that look.” Steve is smiling knowingly at Peter from the other side of the island. “Texting a certain pretty girl by any chance?”
MJ eventually comes back to find them because it’s time to go and get dinner. By that point Peter has somewhat recovered from the shock of new information and is able to follow his best friend down to the main entrance to meet the rest of the team.
Ned stares at him incredulously. “How’s things? Peter. You’re not seriously asking me about my life right now?” Peter shrugs. “C’mon Pete I’ve been dying. You tell me that something’s happening but then don’t tell me what it is, and after everything that has happened to you recently you can’t just leave me hanging like that.”
Norman Osborn has just walked out onto the balcony; his face is bright red as he takes in the sight of the two boys pressed so close together. “Harold Osborn!” The furious man stalks towards the pair with an intensity Peter has never seen on a parent. “We spoke about this. This ridiculous behaviour was to stop when you came back here to live with me. I will not have a fag for a son! Do you hear me boy?”
Peter feels a bit misty eyed and can’t prevent a few tears escaping and rolling down his cheeks. Steve just smiles at him and gently wipes them away without a word.
Peter smothers a laugh and responds with similar excitement, less interested in the details of what happened to Michelle because, duh, he was there. He’s more interested to see if Ned knows anything about this new Green-Guy. Unfortunately, he doesn’t, only able to tell him some of what Peter already knows from first-hand experience.
Peter smirks slightly pleased to hear that other people have the same reaction to the awful couple as he does.
“It’s nothing honestly. Some kids were fighting, I tried to break it up and one of them hit me accidentally.” This seems to placate the men however now that the black eye is no longer an issue they get back to the drinking.
Mr. Stark looks at him with something akin to sympathy in his eyes. “You know who we are, correct?” Peter nods quickly. “So, then you’ll know that our jobs are dangerous, and sometimes the things we get involved in tragically result in other people, innocent people, getting hurt.” Peter’s a bit unsure where Mr. Stark is going with this, but nevertheless he listens intently. “Peter, five months ago we became aware that someone has been selling powerful weapons on the black market. Weapons created using alien tech from the battle in New York.”
More recently Natasha had decided to try to reach out to the boy after his disappearing act last weekend only to notice the second he stumbled out of the elevator that he was injured again. Of course, she had helped him wrap the injury properly so that it would heal but after that she wasn’t really in the mood to be empathetic.
When they get down to Peter’s floor Ned finally snaps barraging his friend with question after question, and one-hundred percent freaking-out just as Peter suspected he would. Ned’s questions are answered to the best of Peter’s ability, however there’s still a lot he doesn’t know himself.
As time progressed nothing improved much. Turns out the other kids in the foster home aren’t exactly friendly, and did not take well to Peter thanks to his nightmares causing him to wake up screaming every time he actually manages to get some sleep, which is rare. Also, turns out that nightmares are a breach of rule number three, which makes absolutely no sense to Peter, it’s not as if he wants to wake up screaming. This however means that the Bakers have slowly but surely started to dislike Peter more and more.
Peter shrugs while taking a sip from the orange juice in front of him. “I’m nervous because I know there’ll be staring and whispering.”
“Give up your precious Spidey and we might consider not dropping these two so that they make splatter art on the concrete.” Green Goblin swoops down to grab two of the band members off of the stage soaring high into the sky with them and passing one off to the other mysterious villain.
“The first rule is that you shall refer to us as Mr. and Mrs. Baker, respectively, at all times. Second rule states that you shall keep your room clean and tidy at all times, and that you will clean up any mess you create throughout the house. Third rule is that noise must be kept to a minimum at all times, we must be respectful of others. Fourth rule, possibly the most important, is that we have a very strict curfew. You will be home and in bed by ten o’clock every night. If you wish to go out, or stay at a friend’s you must ask permission before doing so.”
When he wakes up again the alarm clock to his right proclaims it to be two o’clock. Peter slowly pushes himself into a sitting position and smiles softly when he notices that Ned has propped his leg up on a few cushions to keep it elevated.
“Thanks Peter, you were good too.” They smile shyly at each other, acutely aware of the fact that they’re standing alone.
Peter pulls his mask off as his friend’s confused and terrified face swims into view, he manages to croak out, “Ned. Help.” Before the world goes black.
“Perhaps one of the other children we care for would be a better fit for you?” Peter’s blood boils listening to Mr and Mrs Baker trying to stop something potentially good happening for him. He isn’t even sure that he wants to be adopted, but Peter reasons that it has to be better than living here for any longer.
He had been nervous to reveal this to Steve and Tony, terrified they would react the say way as the Balers. But Peter is overwhelmingly happy to discover that the pair are nothing by sympathetic to his struggles, both of them struggling with similar issues.
