“You’re being paranoid, dear brother....” he began but Sherlock was clearly having none of it, his previously bright expression replaced by a sulky glare and John couldn’t help but wonder about their dynamic. They acted like children in front of him, with no care how that made them look and if he had imagined himself getting some sort of initial positive contact with his patient on their first official meeting, he had clearly miscalculated. Sherlock did not seem like a man who bothered too much with polite interaction.
remember, I hired you. Why are you still running around making deliveries? Is this Magnussen's doing?”
“Well, turns out that Magnussen had his own agenda for wanting to help out, beyond sticking it to Mycroft.
“Chemistry. A waste of time if you ask any member of my family, and I might actually be inclined to agree”
Impatiently he growled when his sweater deprived him of the glorious sight of Sherlock with his back pressed against the table surface and when finally rid of the hindrance his frustration caused him to pull at Sherlock’s pants quite forcefully, tearing them apart by the hem as well so he got an eyeful of Sherlock’s erect cock, a sight that immediately sent a jolt of excitement straight to his groin.
The fact that Sherlock had a spiralling drug addiction that had lead to an overdose less than a week ago and was referred to as “his latest behaviour” as if he had nicked a few apples from a neighbour’s garden or played truant, told John everything he needed to know about the dynamic between the two brothers, something he should have guessed from his first encounter with them if he hadn’t been too busy looking at a firm arse in a tight pair of trousers.
“A whole day could make a world of difference. By tomorrow I might not be willing to pay for what you are offering me tonight.”
But for his patient’s sake he decided to do it anyway. Maybe he could find a way to dig deeper into the situation and see if everything was as it should be. If not, he would do anything in his power to be of assistance if needed.
He didn’t even need to know the reason why Sherlock was doing this if he didn’t want to tell him. John could play the clueless lover if that was what Sherlock wanted him to be.
He would from now on try to focus on what he had in front of him instead of looking back at things that couldn’t be altered, start searching for a new job and let go off the past in an effort to move on. Sherlock would probably haunt his thoughts for a long time to come but by removing himself from any reminders of him it would eventually become easier.
He put his shirt on while on the move, not bothering with buttoning it up, simply putting the jacket and then the coat on top to cover up before starting off in a sprint to gain further distance between himself and Magnussen’s flat.
Mycroft had felt misgivings about the whole thing from the very beginning but had decided to let them run towards disaster on their own if they wanted to. But if it was beginning to interfere with how Sherlock performed while working, it would be a difficult pill to swallow.
“This isn’t the same as it was in the past. I didn’t attempt to seduce you, I simply wanted to be with you because I’ve missed you,” Sherlock attempted to explain but John wasn’t willing to hear it.
With his handsome appearance as well as his intelligence and the association to Mycroft, Sherlock would pose an irresistible temptation for Magnussen to get his hands on, especially considering the fact that Mycroft Holmes's younger brother was one of those tantalising little secrets that thrived on a reputation made up by interest and curiosity without anyone knowing what the true fascination actually consisted of.
“What we argued about is inconsequential to you. It might have aggravated my brother but for you to be told about the exact nature of our conversation doesn’t change the situation we have in front of us, Dr Watson. And Victor isn't here because he hasn't been informed about any of this, there is no need to worry him right now. If the situation changes and it becomes necessary to tell him, I will.”
, to break the charged tension between them, frantically ransacking his brain for some suitable words to douse the feeling of arousal beginning to form within him when Sherlock suddenly leaned in and closed the final distance between them by tilting his head and pressing his soft warm lips gently against John’s.
Perhaps it had been something in the look John had presented that made him suddenly very aware of this being somewhat chaotic.
Naturally he saw nothing, the room was still as pitch dark as previously and he wondered if he had perhaps imagined the whole thing. Old houses did after all make all kinds of strange sounds.
“This is a personal matter. If you don’t know the distinction between personal and professional, Mr Magnussen, I’m afraid I can’t help you grasp the situation any better. There is nudity in some of the photos I have, I’m not just going to ruin a person’s life without thinking it through first.”
On his phone John watches the older brother as he crosses the distance between him and Sherlock, saying something about loyalty to family.
But then there was the click of a switch being turned on and one single source of light appeared over their heads, enough to illuminate what the room consisted of and John drew a sharp breath in shock.
For a brief moment a glimpse of something almost predatory flashed in his eyes and John felt confusion suddenly clearing his more lust-ridden thoughts.
“Now be a good boy and do as I have asked. If nothing else, it will give you the opportunity to meet a blackmailer and see how spends his time. I would have thought it would pique your curiosity, as you seem to like surrounding yourself with criminals on a regular basis.”
A flashback from a few weeks ago when they had lounged outside after a particularly strenuous sexual activity, John, still damp from sweating profusely during the act, had been reclining in a chair, half-naked in the garden and Sherlock, talking about some article he had read about in the latest issue of Guns & Ammo, had reached his hand out towards a table next to him and then stopped midsentence to turn his head to look at the table, exclaiming his surprise at the lack of ginger nuts next to his cup of tea.
A part of John could relate to some extent, if Sherlock had been his, he would have done everything in his power to never let that love down, but there was something different, almost pathological to Victor’s neediness and in the end this was what made John resent Victor to the extent that he did, Victor cared only for his own feelings and sense of ownership, what Sherlock felt seemed less important.
“Eager to do business? I like your determination, Dr Watson. But first, what is it that you hope to achieve by coming here tonight?”
If it hadn’t been so painfully cringeworthy to realise that these people often had a platform to officially show off these silly poses to the public, it would have been a  matter for laughter. As it was now, he pitied those who felt the need to act so blatantly ridiculous, but even more he pitied those who fell for that act.
Sherlock paid not attention to her protestations, actually relieved about her petite and quite fragile appearance. It would have been so tiresome to start this visit by fighting a muscular bodyguard. He would still have done it, but this was far more easy.
It was like switching on a button, the way fury instantly flashed in Doctor Roylott’s eyes at these flippant words.
The occupant of the bed was shrouded almost completely in darkness, the lights turned low and his body covered in bed linen and a coverlet, allowing only a very pale face and sweaty curls to be visible.
When it’s time for a photo of the man to be produced, there are none to be found, only retellings from what everyone has heard that he looks like.
John rose from his chair and walked over to the sofa and picked the phone up, squinted at the screen, to discern the amount of unanswered calls.
“It was nothing. I’ve heard a little bit about this man and I just wanted to ease my curiosity by seeing what he looked like.”
The biter soothingly made a hushing sound before returning to the red mark he had made, continuing to eagerly suck at the tender spot while his hands travelled south down the endless planes of firm pectoral muscles towards the flat stomach, sharp nails leaving angry red scratches in their wake.
” John could feel his own eyes threatening to bulge out of their sockets from sheer disbelief. Sherlock on the other hand looked surprisingly unaffected considering the subject of conversation.
No use spending time speculating, events would unfold in either direction and he was uncomfortably aware that he was unable to do anything about it.
But for that to happen, he needed to act his part, so instead of immediately accepting Magnussen’s request, he allowed his voice to turn suspicious and disinterested.
His brother was a rather tempestuous creature despite the fact that many people thought of him as rather cold and stand-offish when first encountering him. Those people had naturally not met Mycroft and didn’t know that there was whole other level of being truly cold-tempered.
When he had finished Mycroft didn’t say anything for a long time and he also didn’t ask any further questions so after a while John began to wonder if he was silently being dismissed. Mycroft certainly seemed like the type of man who would swat away an unneeded presence with a simple hand gesture without a second thought about it.
“As good as. I’m still staring at my “end of the situation” as you call it, but he is immobilised at the moment and pose no danger for now.”
John glared at him and for a moment it looked like he was about to actually erupt, but then he simply shook his head in surrender.
He didn’t like to be questioned on the decisions he made, least of all from Sherlock, and certainly not in front of other people. But then he let it pass and smoothed out whatever signs of irritation his face presented and opted for a more casual expression.
These things were difficult to navigate at the best of times. The things Sherlock was not allowed to do when it came to cases was an even trickier path to go down.
Working their way through the different rooms of the house proved to be an entertaining idea and the day when John actually had Sherlock bent over Mycroft’s mahogany desk inside the Bond villain lair was particularly tantalising even if John had been hesitant at first. But naturally Sherlock had been his persuasive self as was his particular forte, getting people to do what he wanted, and John’s resolve had crumbled easily.
Mycroft couldn’t help but narrow his eyes slightly at this tiresome threat that was hurled at him from time to time whenever Victor didn’t have his way regarding one thing or another.
“What do you know about it?” he asked suspiciously but if this annoyed Mycroft, he didn’t let it show, his features remaining as impassive as before.
It was either that or simply leave straight away, and he knew he wouldn’t be able to just do that, however tempting such an alternative was. Not without at least letting Sherlock know how disappointed he was.
“I’m heading over there now. Inform me of the destination of the car my brother took earlier and also if he is about to return while I’m still at Baker Street.”
“You can inform the driver that I won’t be joining him today,” he had tried telling his colleague as a way of avoiding any further discomfort, but to his dismay, this had only been met by a shake of the head.
Despite the tingle of anticipation that these words created inside of him, John couldn’t help but put up some resistance, still smarting from the earlier harshness in Sherlock’s tone.
He knew that by now Magnussen had been informed about his resignation, otherwise he wouldn’t have called, so he should try to play it cool, but he felt too astonished as well as giddy over how correctly Sherlock had predicted this scenario.
“They’re in the living room,” he could hear her call out behind his back and he quickly made his way over there, familiar with the rooms by now as he had fucked in all of them except for one. Not even when collapsing did Sherlock apparently opt to do so in his own bedroom.
On the leather seat next to him as he climbed inside Sherlock’s medical records was already waiting for him and as the car drove off he opened it up and began to read.
There was never a superficial purpose for people to dislike him, they did so because of what he did, not because of what he looked like. Normally he simply displayed a hint of slight amusement, as if it was all just a game to him. A pointless but entertaining side-business. He usually didn’t gain that much by his extortions, he did it simply because he could.
Initially there had been a duvet for him to cover himself with but it had later been removed and the satin sheets were unable to shield him from anything, least of all prying eyes.
How the hell did he know anything about her? Or was he just being oversensitive on account of the sore subject? Harry was a constant source for grief and anger on account of her excessive drinking, so it was possible that he had projected Mycroft’s words to his own situation. But if Mycroft had not meant Harry, what sort of family background could he otherwise have been alluding to?
“If I turned down helping you, I wouldn’t be able to live with the consequences afterwards, just as you wouldn’t be able to live with them if we fail and Magnussen comes after me. So, the way I see it, not only do I need to help you out this mess, but we also need to make sure that we succeed. That’s the only outcome acceptable to both of us.”
Then he bent down, still swaying slightly and picked the photo of Sherlock up from the floor, staring at the picture one last time, before he in an act of uncontrollable rage, raised his curled fist and punched straight through that delicate face with those dark deceitful eyes, cracking the glass as well as the frame, before he threw the offensive image away from him and strode off.
The corridor in front of him was swarming with people, other doors forced open, someone carrying the still unconscious butler with a surprising effortlessness, as if disposing of a dirty carpet, the limp body  hanging over his shoulder like a rag doll.
“A pleasure to meet you, Sherlock. And what is it that you do? Aspiring to be like your brother and enter the corridors of Whitehall, perhaps?”
The brothers locked eyes and a silent battle of wills began between them that John had no idea what to make off.
But it was clearly no use telling Mycroft any of this as he had decided that Sherlock wasn’t going to succeed with the case and maybe it was gentler to just let him believe that he was right, shedding some of the heat he was putting Sherlock under by sticking his nose into this.
John was just about to turn around to announce that it was time for them to leave, when his eyes caught something lying on the floor a few feet away from him.
So what would be the point of staying here and force himself to look at the nauseating sight of Victor pawing all over Sherlock while Magnussen lurked at everyone in the background, giving Mycroft a run for his money as the creepiest man in the room.
John had a nagging feeling that he was missing something important when trying to look at the situation objectively and with the memory of Mycroft’s comment about Sherlock being thinner than ever he had cast an assessing glance at his lover’s body.
“Well, I did tell you, Mycroft, that you missed putting that particular aspect into consideration when you planed this little scheme.”
be full of stuffy documents and files instead of incriminating evidence of a life spent in depravity and wickedness. Not so much as a nude photo of the Queen or 24 bars of pure gold, a fake ID or the answer to the mystery of Stonehenge written down on a piece of paper. Sherlock had been deeply disappointed.
The idea that Magnussen might try to take advantage of Sherlock sexually once again rose to the surface, but he waived it away. If such an occurrence was to arise, Sherlock would figure out a way to avoid it from happening, John should not feel the need to worry about it. Sherlock was hardly a fragile violet, he was fully able to fend for himself when necessary. He at least felt confident in the knowledge that Sherlock would never allow anything to happen that went beyond what John would accept.
“We continue to see each other as agreed,  for as long as this arrangement is bound to last and you keep feeding Mycroft with what he wants to hear, take his money, turn in your reports and then take the reward he has undoubtedly dangled in front of your eyes to make you agree to this in the first place.”
Without turning his head away from the window Sherlock inhaled deeply and then tilted his head back as he slowly exhaled, his long neck fully visible and John’s eyes were immediately drawn back again, this time zeroing in on that delicate neck and how he would have loved to reach out and trail a hand along the expanse of it.
“Ah, the ever-present Dr Watson,,,,,, of course he wouldn’t miss an opportunity to offer his talents if needed.”
“You and your snake certainly had nothing to do with it...,” Sherlock grumbled but Dr Roylott was already walking away again.
To now find out that there wasn’t a spiralling drug problems to deal with made a lump he hadn’t even realised he had kept inside of him, suddenly disappear and it was certainly a relief to realise that their sole focus could now be on taking down Magnussen without adding more to the burden.
“Escort the doctor out of my house,” he said to the butler, not bothering to look at the man as he gave his order. He showed the same discourtesy towards John as he addressed him as well.
Unfortunately his brother’s face conveyed no clue to collaborate either option, he just stared right back, a glimmer in his eyes that could mean that he was laughing at Mycroft for falling for his ruse or because he had actually been able to trick Mycroft by going against his orders. There was no way to prove either theory right now.
It was never fully dark in here though, small dimmers created a soft light above the bed so he knew he was fully visible. And he knew what he was expected to see as well.
Or that time when the plumbing broke in the middle of a shower and John had rushed out naked and swearing, still not having managed to wrap a towel around his waist when he was faced with Lestrade’s shocked face staring at him from the sofa, unable to stop his eyes to wander for just the briefest of seconds to John’s lower regions in curiosity while Sherlock droned on about a case in the background, unaware of what was happening behind his back.
What was this, a shrine of things long forgotten? Was the host some sort of history aficionado keen on keeping this place in the same conditions as from 150 years ago?
, in every sense of the word, from your physical shape to the blood bond we share and not least of all, in the literal sense. You have your spy gear still operating, I’m sure you can turn to those for an answer more to your liking.”
He looked closely at the angle of the photo, trying to discern from where it could have been taken and where a hidden camera might have been placed despite his very thorough efforts.
But it soon became hard to pretend and sometimes Sherlock looked at him as if he saw how John felt. He never said anything though so John kept his mouth shut as well and they continued with their little game by pretending to be content with the rules of the agreement even if plagued John immensely every time he had to leave Sherlock again
It was not a place he recognised and at first bewilderment had hit him, but his exhausted state prevented his mind to turn into action, tired limbs refusing to cooperate.
If there was the slightest hint of a tremble in his voice they both ignored it and Sherlock was not showing any signs of being chastened by his brother’s words.
If the door is closed with a little more force than necessary, he doesn’t care, he simply slumps down into the chair, draws a hand over his face to calm himself before he pushes play and sees Sherlock’s lip make contact with the tea cup, a large sip of liquid going down that long pale throat of his.
But then there was also a more sensible part of him, the middleman who dealt with common sense and reason, who raised a few burning questions that couldn’t be ignored, however tempting it was to just yield into whatever Sherlock was offering him.
The question is why Mycroft seems so uncharacteristically passive. This is his brother after all! The sole person John has ever seen Mycroft do anything out of the ordinary for, well and beyond ordinary in fact if you consider the extensive ways he has always gone about protecting, worrying and looking after Sherlock, despite never earning so much as a thank you from the person at the centre of his all-embracing attention.
And even if Mycroft had initially not realised how far his brother would go in his efforts to get to Magnussen, he had to concede that John might actually have cause for concern. Or perhaps
“Quite frankly you’re not making any sense. There might be something important that you’re trying to tell me, but I can’t for the life of me figure it out as you’re firing out words at rocket-speed. Very incoherently I might add.”
So instead of accepting Mycroft’s offer of a car taking him home, John shakes his head in stubborn decline despite the fact that Mycroft can’t possibly see him with his back turned. But because he is a Holmes, Mycroft excels at knowing what takes place behind his back anyway and John can tell that his frustration increases by his refusal to comply.
The man waivers between the evident anger John is showcasing and the very long shadow of doom his employer casts, but as one threat is present right now while the other is not, he finally does what he is told, grabs his phone from the table next to the computer and leaves.
The barrack housed twenty men of different ages and backgrounds but despite the seemingly limited space they all had a small area to call their own and John had not felt as at home as he did now, since he had returned from Afghanistan.
“Mycroft didn’t at first, I had to persuade him to go along with it and I kept telling him that I was going to find a way out of it. As I pointed out earlier, he wouldn’t last a day in a prison and even if he miraculous managed to do so, his life would be ruined once he got out. Everything he’s worked for, his reputation, his position, his power, it would all be gone. In the circles where he moves you can’t come back from what constitutes as treason. And I couldn’t have that on my conscience.”
“Dr Watson, happy to finally make your acquaintance. I have been hearing a lot about you for the past couple of weeks. “
Mycroft gives him the closest thing to an eye-roll without actually performing one. He isn’t Sherlock after all.
However much it chagrined him to bow down to these anger tantrums, he still made the effort to call his brother when he had finished his coffee, but naturally there was no answer. Knowing Sherlock, he could sulk for days if he wanted to.
He almost forgot was his own actual job was and what he was supposed to be doing, Dr Roylott so far from his mind that he actually jumped from surprise when a bloodcurdling scream came from inside the room and he whipped around to throw the door open to see what the hell was going on in there.
“...When I managed to convince Mr Holmes that his brother wasn’t with me....” Magnussen said in the background before John tuned him out.
So instead he decided that he needed the distraction of some actual work to clear his head and stop agonizing for now. So after a quick shower and a change of clothes he headed over to the facility and joined his co-workers for the afternoon shift.
With Sherlock it was perfectly possible for him to miss if another person was present or not, and despite having experienced it on numerous occasions, it did still sting thinking about it, especially as John had actually thought that things might be different since their relationship had evolved from being just friends and colleagues.
John felt his fists tightening, itching to lash out, but trampled down any instinct he had of knocking his former employer. Instead he, as calmly as he possibly could manage it, said:
Dr Roylott walked over to the bed but stopped a few steps away, looking down at Sherlock’s helpless form. He had his hands behind his back, standing in a relaxed posture, as if calmly watching something mildly interesting and completely inconsequential. In the light coming from the still open door, Sherlock could see the hint of a smile on his features.
This more direct proof of John’s pumping fist around his cock combined with panting his flatmate’s name while evidentially picturing Sherlock as he pleasured himself did however confirm Mycroft’s suspicions.
This had naturally not soothed the already full-blown temper of Dr Roylott and the next blow had been to the side to his head, the probable cause for his black out.
And as he had no face on this man, he plagued himself by imagining Sherlock lying in bed with men of different appearances, allowing someone else to enjoy what John so desperately wished could have been his alone to have.
He was normally not a very jealous person, he believed in giving people the benefit of the doubt once deciding to trust them, and even if Sherlock was a gifted liar when it helped him in his work, John wasn’t prepared to believe that Sherlock would lie to him about things that actually mattered. Especially not now when they were so much more to each other.
“Well, not everyone can be unique enough to not suffer such an outcome occasionally. Have you seen enough now, Mr Magnussen?”
He was so lost in his thoughts that when Sherlock finally spoke, he started from the sound of his voice.
There was another five minutes of silent driving through an allée of majestic oak trees before signs of light presented itself ahead of them in the form of a large manor rising impressively from the otherwise quite unkempt shrubbery surrounding the place.
And as Dr Roylott was staring at Mycroft instead of Magnussen, John realised that the intended victim had not been Magnussen at all but the older Holmes brother who must have moved out of reach, resulting in Dr Roylott accidentally tipping over the chair Magnussen had been lounging in.
And as if to confirm that assumption he hears the tap spring to life downstairs a few seconds later and he eases into the feeling that he is wired too tightly on account of the unexpected news of Sherlock’s abduction, and then takes out the clothes he needs and hastily gets dressed, takes his gun, wallet and mobile before charging downstairs again just as Mycroft opens the bathroom door and exits.
“Sherlock! No more lies! I realise now that you must have been taking them for a while. And I think I know why. Which leads us straight back to the core of all our problems really. What will you do about Victor?”
He had already previously suspected that the good doctor’s interest might have been piqued, but people in general were always fascinated with Sherlock one way or another, that didn’t necessarily mean that they wanted to sleep with him.
“Mmm, naturally. Let me begin by once again congratulating you on a job well done. Magnussen’s shackles are no longer weighing us down and you have played a significant role in helping us achieving that.”
This was probably not a car used by the person he was going to meet, but a rental for the occasion. This made him wonder how much this mysterious man actually knew about him. If he knew what Sherlock did for a living he probably knew how good he was at deducing things from the smallest of details and therefor he had chosen a car devoid of any details to analyse. Or maybe he had simply just hired a car. It was not worth analysing without further data, so he leant back in his seat and simply allowed himself to be chauffeured to whatever destination he was headed.
“Of course I’m not backing out of anything! I’m just baffled that there’s actually two of you who can do the deduction thing. Your family dinners must have been a laugh.”
“Please do,” Magnussen said casually. “It is always such a shame when a competent man in such a high position suddenly is gone. It leaves a void, I’m sure. Luckily there are other competent men to take his place, wouldn’t you agree, Mr Holmes?”
But the rational part of John’s brain that still insisted on functioning sensibly croaked with some cautionary advice that he was in no mood to hear but still was unable to completely ignore.
But the doctor clearly had some hidden talents if he had managed to attract Sherlock’s interest as well as surviving a showdown with Victor the other night, so perhaps there was more to the man than what could be deduced at first glance.
Mycroft was already starting to regret his previous decision to bring John Watson along. What use could he possibly offer, more than to cause a scene when faced with Magnussen? Maybe Mycroft should have endured his present predicament and allowed for things to be as they were?
In the background a phone had started ringing but he didn’t care as he ran along the corridor, passing the young woman still on her knees on the floor, scrubbing away at the carpet. He didn’t hear her crying this time, he didn’t look at her, he just ran and when he finally reached his destination, he tore the door open and stormed inside.
“You don’t need to come and collect me from now on,” he said as soon as the window was sufficiently rolled down. “I won’t be returning to your boss’s house, not today nor any other day. You can tell, Mr Holmes what I’ve said and that I’m resigning from my duties.”
John couldn’t help but let a small snort escape as he remembered once again what Stamford had told him about the mystery surrounding Mycroft’s occupation.
Had Dr Roylott turned his head he would have caught sight of them, but he was, to John’s huge relief, too single-minded at the moment to notice what was happening behind his back.
“With that kind of logic you will never be rid of those extra pounds you have been trying to lose for ages now,” he insisted, because when did he ever just let things go, Mycroft thought darkly.
It’s a tiresome task but he needs to keep doing it for at least a few more weeks. Then he can switch over to simply letting Anthea send the obligatory report in an e-mail.
Granted, he would probably have wanted to inform John of the situation, but still, in hindsight, it had been an unusual move. Mycroft had said so himself, that he came to see if Sherlock was actually still there, and the door to Sherlock’s bedroom had been closed, had not going there first been a more logical choice?
“Why not? Just end the engagement. I know your brother seems intent on you going through with it for some reason, but you can’t live your life trying to please others if it is making you unhappy in the process.”
It must have somehow manifested itself in his appearance because a twist of something indiscernible ghosted across Mycroft’s features as he looked at him.
John could hear voices in the background and strained his ears to hear what they were saying, but just as he was about to open his mouth to ask Mycroft what was happening, the line went dead.
“Ha, ha, yes. Lucky he brought along a looker though. Did you see how fit he was? And those curls, they’re just made for grabbing while shoving a cock down his throat.”
“What’s happened? Tell me the full status as far as you know it and then why the bloody hell you didn’t phone for an ambulance!”
“Funny, I would have thought a war surgeon would be accustomed to the restrictions of a time table...”
He stepped up to invade Dr Roylott’s personal space, their noses almost touching from the proximity, and the anger was evident on his features now.
Apparently there had been ginger nuts accompanying his tea the previous four times and the lack of them now was apparently perplexing to him.
Because at the end of the day, there was nothing he could do about any of this now, except perhaps end it with Sherlock to remove himself from further temptation, but that alternative did not seem particularly appealing to him either.
Beyond this sudden turn of events, there was also the visit from John Watson awaiting him this evening.
Considering the combination of a few too many beers, his sleepless nights and the strain he had been through over the past couple of days it was fully plausible that his mind could play tricks on him, even if it seemed a bit far-fetched.
Sherlock sighed and bent down to pull up his trousers. Then he drew a hand through his curls and walked over to the crate to retrieve the vial, putting it back into his pocket.
Instead of replying he simply nodded his head and watched the other man disappear into the shadows of the corridor until he was completely out of sight.
John could feel his cheeks heat but kept his look firmly on the other man despite this, without backing away. He had no wish to reveal how unsettled he felt.
“No, probably not,” John smiled. “But he was wise enough to realise that preventing us would be a losing game. He even suggested that I could one day be the making of you. If I applied myself to the job.”
Or maybe his own curiosity was getting the better of him and he only wanted to be privy to some information because it intrigued him to know what kind of man Sherlock would go for. He sincerely hoped he wasn't that immature though.
No use making an enemy of the man who had helped him out with the ambulance this morning. But still, it was annoying when people insisted on forcing their unwanted company on someone who wasn’t interested in what they were offering. This was part of a scheme to take down one of the most revolting men in the country, not a luncheon at the Café Royal.
“I passed on your message to him from when we last met, Mr Magnussen. But as I pointed out then, I can hardly force his hand. I can perhaps remind him....,” he began, but Magnussen raised his hand and Mycroft silenced in surprise.
A second later he felt a pair of arms snaking their way around his abdomen and after a moment’s hesitation he leaned into the embrace.
Besides, even if he eventually did, it would be too late by then. It was plausible that he managed to locate Dr Roylott, if he deigned to involve Magnussen in his search, but by then Sherlock would be disposed of and gone, and Mycroft would never know for sure what had happened to his younger brother.
Hopefully by evening he would have gotten a better view of the unexpected situation and perhaps even a new leverage to dangle over the Holmes brother’s heads now that the initial threat had soon run its course.
John wasn’t a killer out of instinct even if he had shot his fair share of people in defence during his time in the army. He would never kill a man unable to defend himself, and yet, the urge to reach out for a pillow and smother Magnussen in his sleep did for a second wash over him.
“And if Victor had not showed up and Magnussen had simply continued to ravage Sherlock’s body in bed, did you plan for that eventuality as well?”
Quite content with this solution, John put in some additional energy into making the final distance back to the barrack, satisfied with tonight’s events, both the plotting he had done with Sherlock, as well as this new idea he had thought of himself.
Mycroft felt something unpleasant unfurl inside of him and couldn’t help the tetchy tone sneaking its way into his reply.
As the echo of his scream bounced against the dark walls of the locked-up room, he realised that there was nothing more he could do but let out whatever feelings he had left inside of him as comprehension hit him that his fate was now irrevocably sealed.
But just as he managed to almost reach the car, hoping to see a glimpse of the man that was supposed to marry Sherlock in a few months, the car door was slammed shut by a driver in a uniform and as the windows in the backseat were tainted black he didn’t catch so much as a peek of the mysterious fiancé.
The doctor was predictably easy to read and would be very upset by such images as well as the deceit they implied.
Omitting the usual greeting phrases, the caller was firing on all cylinders at once when Magnussen pressed the green button to pick up the call.
Considering how very stubborn Dr Roylott appeared even before actual accusations had been made against him, who knew how stubborn and unhelpful he would be if thoroughly pressed?
No use wasting energy he could hardly afford on something he could not interfere with. Now there was nothing left for him to do but wait.
“Call me sentimental, but I carry these with me, while waiting for your brother to give me new fodder to use. Would you like to take a look?”
There was also the telling, if slightly unpleasant sign that while in the men’s room, he had overheard two men talking about his brother in a rather lewd way and mentioned that he had been seen in Magnussen’s company in the gallery, watching the Shakespearean motifs that adorned the ceiling.
And then it hits him the way he imagines Sherlock must feel like when he has a breakthrough in a particularly tricky case.
He wasn’t as ignorant about the sexual desires of others as he sometimes pretended to be, he knew people assessed and appreciated his appearance, usually before he decided to open his mouth and ruin it by speaking.
The fact that Sherlock had stepped out of a car with the very imminent threat of being attacked by a cheetah would have earned him a reprimand for sure. From Mycroft even more so, despite the fact that Sherlock hadn’t known of that threat until now.  He could understand why Dr Roylott had remained by the door when welcoming him.
Mycroft was a possibility of course, if Sherlock had perhaps informed him of their meeting the other night. But why would he ask John to meet him at Mr Rudd’s office instead of just sending a car to conduct the meeting somewhere else?
“Let’s hope so. I wouldn’t want my beloved to be harmed in any way before our wedding day. He is far too dear to me.”
“How very explicit of you, Captain Watson. Corporal punishment with an item normally used to tame horses with.”
But now curiosity got the better of him and with some effort he hauled himself from the sofa, swaying a little bit as he rose, before he clumsily went down on all four to creep under the table to retrieve it.
John seldom felt any reason to fear that his friend would find interest in someone else and he certainly didn’t have to worry about Magnussen on that regard and yet...
Sherlock’s only response to that was the sound of his tongue licking the outline of John’s neck down to the collarbone, pressing a soft kiss there while his hands kept moving inside John’s sweater now, eagerly wanting to touch bare skin.
So an additional part of the deal that he struck with Mycroft was that he would be allowed visitational rights to my bed until the actual wedding day, without Victor’s knowledge of course, and I was not allowed to complain, I had do what he told me to do and I was never allowed to run away, reject him, show my displeasure or otherwise break any of the many rules he forced us to accept if we wanted Mycroft’s superiors continuing to be kept in the dark about any of this.”
It actually took him a second to find his bearings again and realise that what he was looking at wasn’t real but very much a dead specimen.
when describing his blackmailing victims could actually be debatable if I was inclined to bother about such things. As the topic is dull enough as it is, I won’t.”
“For the last time, you need to behave and act like you are nothing but my doctor. If you don’t, you’ll risk losing both your job and the chance of ever seeing me again.”
John had felt a somewhat slow pulse and Sherlock’s breathing was decidedly shallow, his skin glistening with sweat, his skin tone deadly white and then there was the fact that he was close to unconscious, but beyond that.....
“I find that piece of news highly unlikely. I haven’t heard a word about you resigning from your duties.”
They never found proof of its existence and despite at first feeling certain that it had to be more than a tale, Mycroft eventually had to concede that if the vault actually did exist, he wasn’t going to find it. And this time he wasn’t willing to risk Sherlock’s safety by asking him to locate it. He had had enough of Sherlock working his cases for a while.
“Magnussen implied that my brother’s prying annoyed you...” Mycroft tried but was immediately interrupted.
And it began to chip away on the happiness he had initially felt and he had to try really hard to not let any of these feelings show when he met Sherlock the next time, not give him any cause to believe that he felt more than what they had agreed upon.
“And you will likely never have it. But I won’t stand in your way either. You better go to him, he is expecting you, has been asking for you ever since he woke up.”
Slowly he turned to walk back to the barrack, but he didn’t make it very far before something hard suddenly pressed against his shoulder blades and he froze mid-step.
He is exhausted, starving, grieving as well as angry and it’s just one overwhelming feeling too many. He wishes he had a photo of Sherlock, or a snippet of film, something, just to get the opportunity to see him like John remembers him, to hear his voice at least.
There were enormous chandeliers hanging from every ceiling, some rooms had furniture carved out of ebony and onyx that gave a quite sinister feeling with their dark colouring, while other rooms had furniture that were gold-plated or made out of glass which increased the look of lavishness and reminded John of a French 17th century court with it’s over the top décor.
Sherlock was likely a person who would continue to provoke the people around him until he drew his last breath, to Mycroft bitter chagrin, even if he secretly hoped that marriage would manage to slow his brother down at least a little bit.
“Why would that make a difference? Statistically it is more likely to be killed by someone you know than by a complete stranger. And surely Victor qualifies as being a bad person? He had no qualms about almost putting a bullet through you the other night, only deciding to not do it at the very last second. The next time you probably won’t be as lucky. Isn’t it better to take him out before he takes
In the beginning, after he had first arrived from Afghanistan, he had been completely lost, with nothing and no one welcoming him home, no plans and no future to look forward to, more like his career was waving good bye to him in the rear-view mirror as he saw his hopes and aspirations crumble to ash the very moment the bullet hit his shoulder and tore the flesh and bone inside it apart, preventing him from ever taking up his surgical skills again.
This was the desired effect after all, the reaction he had wanted, and squirming and flinching was not a part of the persona he was trying to present.
“Oh, Mr Holmes is perfectly in tune with what my intentions are regarding his brother. I haven’t exactly kept it a secret and we actually had a rather good conversation about it when he decided to interrupt my dinner this evening. I think I made my point come across very well.”
“If you’re asking if I knew of his drug addiction, then I can say that I didn’t as long as we were romantically involved. But the minute I found out and confronted him about it I realised that he had duped me all along, keeping my attention preoccupied with sex so he could continue indulging his drug habit while having a doctor claiming that he was doing just fine, thereby never rising any suspicions from anyone else. He confirmed it himself on the night that I broke it off with him.”
“Well, we are as close to catching him unguarded as we are possibly going to get, seeing as we are standing by his bloody gate and there is probably someone looking at us right now. Since you two refuse to risk ruining your fancy suits by climbing the gate, I don’t see many more options than to actually call and announce that we are here,” he sneered.
Sherlock had showed him a secret pathway through a hedge in the furthest corner of the estate where he himself had sneaked out without Mycroft’s surveillance team noticing, thereby avoiding the hassle of going through the front gate where cameras were placed.
But there were always so many unwritten rules that he had no clue even existed before he had managed to break them and every time it happened he could see that little hint of disappointment in John’s eyes.
Mycroft then intently listened to the retelling of the evenings events without saying much, not even when the subject of summoning Sherlock at such a short notice was brought forward.
“Mr Magnussen. Let me begin by offering my deepest apologies for disrupting your pleasantries for the evening like this. I should have checked in advance if you were alone or not. I assumed you were at liberty to speak with me as the waiter did not inform me of the situation properly. The fact that he told me to follow him after I had presented him with my card made me assume that you were available.”
Mycroft rose from his chair to give himself some ample space to pace the room. He didn’t like the tone his brother had employed at the moment. Despite thinking that he was some sort of expert in the art of fraud and deceit, he had no idea what Magnussen was actually capable of.
If he was going to do this, he was in a dire need of something invigorating from one of the decanters on his drinks trolley despite the early hour.
“You are my most important person in my life and there is nothing or no one to stand in my way of finally putting my ring on your finger, share my name as well as my home and belong to me in every sense of the word. You have made me a very happy man, Sherlock and I want to raise my glass to salute you in front of these people, our generous host and your brother of course and let them share our happiness tonight. The next time we will be gathered like this it will be to hear us speak our vows in front a priest. So, a toast to you, my dearest darling, and for many more pleasurable days and nights in our future!”
It annoyed him that all of it was now hanging on the very inexperienced shoulders of Dr John Watson and he prayed that the man’s meeting with Magnussen tonight might at least generate a quick end to this ordeal.
He walked straight out of the house, passed the car on the driveway and just kept going all the way to the gates where he was let out and then he turned left towards the barracks.
Less than five minutes after his arrival, the sound of steps approaching was heard outside and then the door silently opened to reveal the figure of Magnussen in the doorway, his spectacles gleaming in the dim light, his tall figure throwing a large shadow across the floor, making him seem even more menacing than normally.
“As I recall he didn’t showcase the same signs of opioid abuse that he is now, so it might very well have been some other substance. His pupils seemed more dilated and he had that particular glow, almost like a flush of the cheeks that kept increasing during the evening. My guess is that he took something else first and then switched to morphine when he came home. What happened after I had left? Did he act strange in any way? “
The trick would indeed be to get Magnussen to spill some information as well as keep him hooked and eager, without Sherlock having to give him anything he wasn’t prepared to truly offer. There was after all only so much he was willing to do, even for his brother, and actually sleeping with Magnussen was not one of those things.
his fault, but John Watson doesn’t know that and should not be showing up agitated to confront him about anything, the ungrateful little worm.
“Not to my knowledge, no. But it should perhaps be a stipulation. Most of us are not here because we care about the environment, sick children or the poor and homeless, and neither do the organizers expect us to do, as long as we attend and raise the suitable amount required to at least seemingly make a difference.”
Mycroft was used to be the odd one out at social gatherings and it didn’t bother him as he neither craved or needed the approval of these small men. Their snide remarks meant nothing to him. But the way Pemberton talked about Sherlock as if he was someone to be lusted after, to be had by just anyone, it wasn’t tolerable, even if it surprised him a little how strongly he felt about this.
His mind was still reeling from the information he had received yesterday, it all felt a bit vague and nothing Mycroft had told him had really cleared anything up. In fact his words had managed to create even more question marks instead of diminishing them and in the middle of it all the brothers lingered in his thoughts, like two vague creatures that tried shedding some light over an otherwise shrouded situation but unfortunately failed to do so.
He normally was a sound sleeper, as Sherlock could attest to, being the one who shared a bed with John on most nights. Sometimes, if Sherlock had to work late or one of them was ill, or the worst option, if they had been fighting, they slept in separate rooms, but otherwise they had more or less shared the same bed since they had taken their relationship from flatmates and friends to lovers.
John didn’t know him that well, they did not share the same sleeping accommodation, but he had seen him around and knew that he was good bloke. A good bloke who had helped him out just when he had needed it.
The rest had simply been a matter of money and orders being exchanged, a fake investigation, people being bribed to keep quiet, himself acting the part of a concerned brother and continue to drill in the message into John’s head that it will be impossible to ever catch the abductor.
“Oh, we caught a hasty glimpse of him on our way to the helicopter,” came the cryptic replied. “Don’t worry, he won’t pose a threat to your situation, just concentrate at what’s in front of you and know that help is coming.”
The only reason John even for a second paid it any notice was because it was standing next to the rack that it was supposed to be kept in, but probably didn’t fit properly considering its form.
And with that he took Magnussen’s hand in his and if he suffered any discomfort when feeling the other man’s moistness, he didn’t let it show, and Mycroft silently breathed a sigh of relief. At least there was still an inkling of politeness and manner left in his brother.
Sherlock tried to calm him down by grabbing his arms as he spoke, doing his best to prevent John from going completely off the rails now that the most damning part of the revelation was out in the open.
“Have you located him? Is he alright?” John said, trying to come off as passably calm but fooling no one.
The barrack was now on the other side of the lake and John wondered if they would make it all the way round before the story came to end. It kept getting more complicated with every word uttered and he still had the feeling that he wasn’t grasping even half of it.
John hates the feeling of being left out. He is allowed to be here but is rendered close to useless by not being given a task to perform and the clock is ticking away mercilessly.
He could hear the other man’s passive aggressive footsteps disappear behind his back and when they were gone, he took a few steps forward to take a closer look at Sherlock who had yet to move a muscle.
Once he had reached his destination Sherlock completely ignored John for the sake of the jittery man. Accusingly he pointed a finger towards him while he addressed his brother.
In the end he didn’t want to complicate things further by telling Mycroft that he and Sherlock had been sleeping with each other for weeks, because even if it was tempting to tell someone the truth, nothing good could come out of a revelation like that.
“If you drag me down, you’ll end up dragging Sherlock down as well. Is that really what you want?” he coldly pointed out, although he realised that he needed to try pacifying Victor to some extent or the man might actually accomplish what he threatened to do, out of pure spite. “If you just calm down, I’m sure you will be able to see that we share the same predicament. I’m not allowed to be by his side right now and neither are you, however much you may want to. The doctors will keep us updated when they know more and, in the meantime, we have no other option but to wait.”
The fact that Sherlock Holmes sauntered out of their home in the early hours of the evening the day before yesterday with the elusive excuse of going to procure some samples of the South Bank beach mud to one of his experiments is the perfect explanation for John not putting much thought into his flatmate’s whereabouts.
“John, you might want to consider getting up and putting some clothes on now,” he said and quickly stumped his cigarette against his usual place on the windowpane, the spell of tranquillity abruptly broken.
So far, the shoe bench seemed to hold up against the onslaught of physical force against the door, most likely from Dr Roylott. John couldn’t really imagine Magnussen doing much physical work to help him out.
“I trust you to arrange for any further transgressions to be properly dealt with in the future, Mycroft. Have you figured out how he managed to get inside the facility yet?”
mean? Was he seriously considering forcing you to put your hand inside that jar? Surely, he was joking? A really bad joke, but still a joke, right?”
“Last I heard, he is currently facing an angry group of board members on account of some misguiding statistics in his recent bookkeeping. The man formerly in charge of aiding him with those fraudulent numbers has suddenly decided to withdraw that help on account of no longer suffering the threat of exposure regarding his extramarital affairs with rent boys.”
His attention was brough back to their host as Dr Roylott closed the door behind him and crossed the room to join them.
Not waiting for a reply, he opened the envelope and fanned out seven photographs on the table in front of him, for Mycroft to catch glimpses of but not seeing properly unless he actually reached forward.
The anger he had felt when confronted with Mycroft’s retelling of what he had seen on the CCTV feed had been substantial enough to make his heart boil and even if a part of him had still wished to hear what Sherlock had to say for himself, jealousy had a way of sidestepping logic and once released it was very difficult to put that feeling back into the box.
“Well, regarding Magnussen, there isn’t really that much to tell. The first couple of hours was simply spent on that tiresome game of sexual wooing, luring and encouraging something that I had no intention of giving him. It was all very exhausting. Despite his cold exterior and quite off-putting personality, he is basically like everybody else when it comes to desire. His hands were a little all over the place during the evening.”
Magnussen wanted Sherlock badly, but he wasn’t stupid enough to think that it might happen without a little incentive. The question was really how far he could take it?
But why did it feel like he was doling out his brother’s assets to a veritable predator, the very idea of sending Sherlock into the clutches of this man once again, made his stomach churn in discomfort.
On the other hand, neither Mycroft nor Magnussen, to his knowledge, had any weapons with them and this Dr Roylott was not the most amiable man apparently, so maybe it was good if one of them could fend for them if necessary.
To hell with the unsuitability of their patient-doctor relationship, Sherlock’s fiancé and Mycroft bloody Holmes!
He has brought a case with him that he wants Sherlock to take a look at but Sherlock is naturally having none of it, as per usual. There is more sniping between them and Mycroft reaches out his hand to grab at Sherlock’s wrist as if to rein him in or calm him down perhaps.
He had never desired to cause him any pain and he knew how insecure the doctor still was when it came to their relationship, and how that insecurity easily manifested itself into jealousy, however unfounded.
Eventually, after over an hour of driving, they turned away from the larger roads and began to descend into true provincial territory, actual trees and fields swishing by in the darkness, the glimmer of light from buildings disappearing in the background.
“No, from looking at your reports I’m obliged to concur, there is not much to tell when reading them.”
Sherlock had put his book down next to him and now pulled John closer by snaking a finger through one of his belt-loops, clearly not interested in taking about Mycroft when there were other more pleasurable things to occupy himself with.
John supressed a sigh as he realised that Mycroft hadn’t told Victor anything about the drugs and naturally Victor was now suspicious of his beloved's unexpected unattainability.
“I wasn’t the one to initiate this meeting, Mr Magnussen. I came here under the pretence that you had something you wanted to talk to me about and now you’re acting like I was the one.....that I have some ulterior motive for being here....”
He tried to recall the last phrases that had been exchanged between them but frankly struggled, he had been busy preparing for today’s meeting, searching information online while planning ahead. Sherlock vaguely remembered John leaving to go upstairs, but as he had made a call to the man playing the delivery man, no less than 5 minutes later, he hadn’t really focused on John’s whereabouts after that, assuming that he had simply gone to bed.
“If I am to do what you ask of me, how will our situation actually be? Are you going to break your engagement to Victor? Are you going to fully commit to me? Are you going to stop taking drugs?”
He was one of the Foreign secretary’s many pointless recruits who had more ambition than actual sense.
”, he snarled and waived John’s hands away from his throat and his fiddling with the bow tie. But the tone in his voice suggested otherwise. He wasn’t comfortable with this at all.
in his profession. It doesn’t matter in this situation, it’s all classified information anyway. But let’s just say that the man is the most skilled at what he does among a group of people where
He turned his head to look to his right, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth and his eyes glimmering in the soft light from the chandeliers.
Neither did John receive any information about why Mycroft seemed so protective of his brother or why a medical exam was needed so frequently. The young man seemed healthy enough, if a bit too thin and with deplorable eating and sleeping habits, but that was hardly cause for serious concern.
The threat of getting caught apparently added a layer of further excitement to him even if John would have opted for a less risky option. He for one wasn’t eager to find out what sort of wrath Mycroft would unleash upon him if he found out that John was having sex with his little brother.
He wrote some stern words about the smoking habits and some pretend guidelines on how Sherlock should be eating and sleeping to feel better.
John nodded and allowed this brief breach of his order to pass, despite the itch to tell Sherlock to remain quiet.
Fortunately for him, this office was one of those Scandinavian designer rooms where everything was very sparse and didn’t offer a lot of good hiding places, so he managed to sweep it quickly enough before stepping back into the living room just in time for the woman to come in and give him a disapproving glare while she kept a phone firmly to her ear.
Without releasing his grip, John’s eyes narrowed suspiciously as he stared down at the dark figure twisting and turning underneath him, locked in his firm hold. He tried to let the flow of words sink in. He had almost forgotten how rapidly Sherlock occasionally chose to speak when worked up about something. Like a gun firing off shots at the speed of light, sometimes making it easy to miss what he was actually trying to say.
The point was, whatever sliver of a chance he had been offered to probe deeper into the reason for his brother’s presence was now gone, the door firmly shut and Sherlock about to walk away without any further answers to the many questions that were beginning to mount inside of him. Mycroft cursed his dulled senses, not living up to their usual standard because of the late hour, his abrupt awakening and the storm whipping up in intensity outside.
Sherlock must have been here and if a button had been ripped from his shirt, it indicated that something violent must have occurred.
But there would always be that final barrier between them, that unmentionable thing that remained unspoken between them but always was there, festering.
With that he released his grip around the chin and reached inside the coverlet to retrieve one of Sherlock’s hands, pressing his moist lips to the thin wrist, sucking at the position of the radial artery, allowing his teeth to scrape against the delicate skin.
“And are you up to that sort of commitment, Dr Watson? As you point out, it will never be easy with him. Constantly drawn to danger and risk, it is certain to get hazardous more than once.”
“That’s all anyone can wish for, Dr Watson,” Mycroft concluded. “Hopefully, you will be a good influence on him. Lord knows he needs it.”
So, foregoing his usually good manners, he tried elbowing his way forward and he received more than a few irritated glares from people in the crowd that wondered what his rudeness was all about.
“I’m willing to take your word for it and pay you tonight and then you can give me what you owe me some other day.”
Mycroft suppressed a shudder as he abhorred the use of such flowery language even if it was between a couple about to get married, and he turned his eyes back on his brother instead.
John patted his hand suggestively against his knee and felt a stir of excitement as Sherlock slowly rose from his chair to take him up on his offer.
Damn it, he had been reduced to making small digs. He really needed to calm himself down, so in an effort to placate, he added:
03:43 the time on the screen announced but it wasn’t unusual for him to receive phone calls as well as messages at all hours of the day so it truly was of no consequence what the time really was.
“No one is as clever as my brother when it comes to getting his way. I have no idea where he got the drugs from and right now it doesn’t matter. All I care about is him waking up from his comatose state, the rest can be dealt with later. “
With his face still turned towards the window, facing away from John, Sherlock asked in a low suggestive voice:
Did he perhaps think that John wouldn’t fit into this different type of environment were people paid others to spy on each other, because that was in a sense what he had come to realise that Mycroft wanted from him with his medical reports, a world where people controlled one another beyond reason, were in charge of Government-owned facilities where you looked at the staff like replaceable little cogs in a larger machinery that no one but a few select were privy enough to be knowledgeable of.
“And of course, a toast to Victor as well, who so patiently has waited for the moment when he would finally be able to tether his own white whale that has eluded him for so long. The persistence of this man is quite remarkable. So let us raise our glasses to the hunter finally catching his prey and for the union of these two who have at last been brough together and hopefully will remain so for the rest of their days. Even if a few people around this table probably secretly wishes that the wedding day will never come.”
He seldom slept there anymore, they used Sherlock’s much larger room both for sleeping in and for sex. But occasionally, when Sherlock wasn’t home or not going to bed at all, John sometimes climbed the stairs to his old room. The darkness made it impossible to see clearly down the seventeen steps that lead to the ground floor, all he saw was a velvet blackness and even if John wasn’t particularly scared of the dark, he quickly turned his eyes upwards instead and determinedly went ahead to his own lodgings instead.
The room is not as big as the one where the others are seated, there is just one screen available, one computer and an empty chair next to a table where the agent must have been seated when John interrupted him.
And he was right of course, a huge part of it had been about Mycroft’s offer to allow John a position at the research facility along with Mike Stamford, there was no use denying it.
John wasn’t sure what to make of that sort of logic and turned his head to look at the young man’s face in the painting.
“Been badly hurt, have you?” she continued, her heels clattering against the floor as they walked, swiping a card through the umptieth gate they had to pass.
But as this was a specimen belonging to Dr Roylott, it was assumingly something more than a simple adder.
“What? It was a surprisingly good forgery and if you didn’t know that you were looking at a fake, you would not be able to tell that it was. We would hardly do it if we didn’t expect to pull it off! And as we suspected, none of Mycroft’s colleagues did figure it out. They’re all idiots so that might not have been terribly surprising, but still. “
“There has not been much to account for lately, but I’ll try to be more thorough in my reports from now on,” he had managed to say, trying his best to sound as neutral as possible. “Your brother is doing splendidly though. He is, as far as I can ascertain, a perfectly healthy young man. No progress when it comes to the smoking I’m afraid and the eating....well, you already know considering that you dine together in the evenings. But beyond that....”
Seeing Sherlock initially had been a huge relief, but it had quickly turned into shock and actual horror when realising what state he was in. He didn’t seem able to react to John’s voice which was shocking to realise, and the limpness of his body even more so.
“Seems like ever since Dr Watson left, things have been unravelling in an alarming pace. Has this something to do with him, perhaps?”
Magnussen was looking out through the panoramic window of his office, his reflection in the glass showing a nebulous figure in a grey suit, his glasses gleaming in the sunlight coming from outside as he watched the familiar landmarks of the capital’s well known buildings surrounding his office.
In the doorway, he stopped for a second to see if his exit would elicit some sort of reaction from the other man, but none came, so he stalked up the stairs up to his own bedroom and began to prepare himself for some much needed sleep. He didn’t expect to get any company tonight.
His anger didn’t dissipate, his hurt didn’t lessen, all it did was to make him despair even more for not managing to feel any better. His anger still fumed inside of him, combined with the hurt that was clawing away at his insides in an endless tortuous circle.
So of course John’s nightly visitor had not been his mind playing tricks on him. And neither was the eerily familiar item that quite forcefully pressed against his back right now.
That suited Mycroft fine, as he wasn’t particularly fond of these kinds of assignments anyway, preferring to be the strategist who stayed behind his desk. Sherlock would definitely be the one to do most of the work tonight.
He continued across the yard when the sound was heard once more, this time coming from his left and as he turned his head in that direction he froze in horror as he saw a hand sticking out between two dumpsters, lifelessly lying on the asphalt.
He had made sure to check for surveillance both on the first night he had been in Magnussen’s living room as well as an additional check yesterday but had found nothing. After years of having a brother who planted surveillance equipment in every place Sherlock’s had ever called home, under the pretence of brotherly concern, he had become quite the expert in spotting hidden cameras and recording devices, and he was certain that there had been none in the room.
He decides to forego the much-needed sleep and gets dressed once more before he heads out to hail a cab that will take him to the Diogenes.
“Beyond the drug issue we are talking about a person who has such a reckless personality that he should come with his own personal bodyguard just to keep him out of harms way. That has been tried by the way and I’m inclined to believe that his husband will opt for that solution once they are married, but I have never managed to hire anyone able to keep up with my brother, and I’m not convinced such a person actually exists. Therefor I have chosen to tackle the issue in a different approach by hiring someone to take care of his health instead of focusing on trying to speculate on what reckless things he will come up with next.”
“Possibly…” John agreed, letting his eyes roam that perfect form he had in front of him one last time before slowly approaching. “Now, if you could keep that pretty mouth of yours shut and allow us make up for the time we lost while being separated, that would be great.”
Sherlock still smiled after this lengthy speech, noticing how Dr Roylott seemed to have worked himself up to a hostile posture.
“I’m not interested in talking about him and he can hardly be of any importance to you anyway. You may ask me questions regarding my health if you want to, as Mycroft will probably expect some sort of knowledge on the issue from you after a while, but beyond that, considering circumstances, I think it might be wise if we treat this for what it is – a good time that can’t last but can be as pleasant as we want it to be, if we are both committed to the terms. If you’re not comfortable with this, you can decide to continue as my doctor and we can keep up the charade of you stopping by to take my pulse a couple of times a week but nothing more. Or we make our own arrangement and enjoy the privileges Mycroft has bestowed on us for the remaining couple of months?”
John actually froze for a second at the sight of him, stumped by the unexpected presence of someone he had tried to put as far away from his mind as possible.
“Oh, I don’t doubt that Victor loves Sherlock in his own very peculiar kind of way, more like a possession than a human being if his speech was anything to go by. But what of Sherlock and
The remaining two and half hours before Victor impatiently left the house, were ghastly in Mycroft’s opinion and probably also in Victor’s.
“Um, yes, it’s a bit....” he began, for a second looking a bit lost for words, as if the state of the room had never occurred to him before although realistically speaking a lot of people must have been here before John.
“That is quite a lot for me to answer in one go. Might I suggest beginning with your most pressing issue?”
As Sherlock was facing the wall, his legs eagerly spread, his pert bottom pushed out a little bit in an inviting gesture, he didn’t notice how John had flinched at his words.
“And do you think that is going to hold up in a court of law? You claiming I knew, and everyone is just going to believe it? A man of your shady reputation? Please, that’s even more laughable than Mycroft Holmes running amok looking for his little tart of a brother. Because suddenly his actions make perfect sense if the body of his brother is found here. Naturally he would lock up the culprit and search the house. You have just bereft me of my first true chink in his armour. I was so looking forward to putting this little gem out there among his peers and colleagues.”
“I just wanted to stick it to him, annoy him the way he annoyed me. But what I ended up stealing were high security missile plans that would have ended him in a lot of trouble if it had been discovered that they had been stolen from the safe in his office.”
Sherlock had told Mycroft about the whole alarming incident of Victor seeking out John Watson in the middle of the night, waving a weapon at him and Mycroft had contemplated filing an anonymous report to the police about an illegal firearm being in Victor’s possession, but had then decided against it for now.
No wonder Jeremy Marcus became spell-bound if this is what he was forced to look at day in and day out.
But for Sherlock’s sake he needed to pretend that what Magnussen was trying to offer might actually be of some interest to him. He needed to come off as bitter and ready to strike up a deal if he was truly going to be granted access to what Sherlock needed to be free from his shackles.
“Fine,” John muttered and made it outside to the driveway where the car as usual was parked, waiting for him, the morning sun reflecting in the shiny black surface. The very image of it had always created a jolt of excitement when seeing it previously but now the mere notion that it stood there, waiting for him, made him angry.
The décor was in a similar style as the rest of the house, the one exception being Sherlock’s chaotic room upstairs, and it consisted of a large but simple single bed in the middle of the room with a beige coverlet on top of it, a wooden closet and a chest of drawers next to the window. Not one single personal item to be seen, not even a piece of clothing.
“It’s a banquet, Sherlock. The food is supposed to be enjoyed. It would be rude to decline,” he said before he took a large bite out of an amuse bouche consisting of smoked salmon and chèvre. “Diets are for weekdays, not on evenings out.”
As if confirming his own words Mycroft pulled his phone out and watched it stare silently back at him.
He stepped over to the sleeping form on the sofa and poked it in the arm with the tip of his umbrella.
Mycroft did not bat an eyelid at this request, merely fetched a vase from a nearby table and disposed of the flowers before handing it to John.
“Can you be absolutely sure? As you are so fond of constantly reminding everyone, no one deceives like an addict…..”
When Magnussen stepped inside, Mycroft made sure to remain calmly seated behind his desk, exuding the air of someone so important that he didn’t need to put on a show of visualising it, he would let the firm look in his eyes to do the talking, knowing full well that small gestures spoke louder than tiresome obvious signs of displayed power. A common misconception in his line of business as well as Magnussen’s was that in order to be powerful, you had to project a certain image.
It took every fibre of his being not to trash against his confinements, trying to escape, knowing how hopeless it was. It was even tempting to call out the name of his captor, trying to get his attention. Bargaining with a human was much easier than doing so with an animal, however depraved humans sometimes were. Surely there was something to be said to convince Dr Roylott to remove the snake? If just given the chance.
And with those words Sherlock was out the door, leaving John to ponder about the impact of the man who had just interrupted their peace.
John feels secretly happy that he doesn’t have to look at the photo anymore, he doesn’t need any further reminders of choices made in the past. He has more than enough regrets staring him straight in the face whenever he decides to join Sherlock on a case anyway. Like he had today. Before he got stuck here, in Anderson’s old room with Lestrade, facing ghosts from the past.
To his further annoyance, he noticed that Sherlock hadn’t brought his phone with him, as it was still left where he had last seen it, discarded on the sofa.
“No, he usually works by pulling the strings from the shadows, most people don’t know him as anything beyond that Scandinavian media tycoon who owns a lot of our gossip rags as well as a right-winged news channel that runs 24-7 with nothing but pre-ordered propaganda in favour of those who follows Magnussen’s orders and keeps his businesses afloat.
John took a deep breath, slowly releasing it before he spoke again, despairingly pinching the bridge of his noise while trying to keep his calmness in check.
It seemed Magnussen had no idea where Sherlock was and even if that notion meant that Sherlock could be up to some other devilry not to his older brother’s liking, at least it had nothing to do with the repugnant specimen of a man sitting in front of Mycroft right now.
Mycroft had always tried to stress the lesson of keeping your emotional distance to others, never get entangled in people’s messy affairs and never bother with forming liaisons based on love or friendship. The cost of getting involved, caring so to speak, was never worth the cost of vulnerability that such a commitment inevitably caused.
“My turn,” he said as he ended the kiss and looked into John’s eyes that were already heady with lust and excitement.
There was no true evidence beyond the smitten look in Dr Watson’s eyes, but Magnussen was fairly certain that something must have transgressed between him and Sherlock.
The actual drive didn’t take long, no more than half an hour at the most and then it came to a stop in front of a large gate that opened up as the car approached and led them up the driveway to a big white house with huge empty windows that reflected the evening sky instead of enabling any insight to the rooms behind the glass.
Sherlock could understand that feeling to an extent, he was infinitely grateful as well for this unexpected turn of events, he had never really pictured himself being with anyone, love had never truly been in the cards for him and when he had realised how John had felt for him, it had at first felt like an utter shock, like something he didn’t know how to handle.
Silently he disappeared into his bedroom, leaving the door invitingly ajar and John could hear the soft ruffle of fabric as Sherlock was getting undressed and most likely letting his garments fall to the floor.
And now, with a swift reveal of what reality really looked like and some particularly cruel words from Sherlock, it had all crumbled down into small, unsalvageable pieces scattered before his very eyes.
One morning when their appointment had been scheduled for an early visit he actually bumped into Mycroft in front of the house as he got out of the car and his employer was about to get into his own car, heading into town.
Magnussen was sitting in an armchair, sipping a cup of black coffee, still dressed in his night gown, watching a young girl standing on all four over by the left corner of the room, scrubbing at a stain on the floor quite ferociously.
John tries to keep Mycroft on the subject as he seems to be gravitating towards silence once more. He has risen from John’s chair, and is lightly swaying, still staring in front of him as if looking within himself for some answers.
Clearly Sherlock then, or Mrs Hudson, if not for the fact that she wasn’t at home and hadn’t been for the past two days.
A few other animals had been found instead, among them a cheetah roaming the park outside, as well as a baboon and two ferocious canine creatures more reminiscent of wolfs than dogs, trapped in cages in the lower regions of the house.
At least his suspicions had been confirmed when he had entered the room and as he crossed the floor towards the desk he was tempted to utter: “Mr Holmes, I presume,” but refrained from doing so while he mentally trampled down his ever insistent wish to act out the general story plot of any Bond movie worth a watch.
Mycroft thought of the silhouette of his brother against the dark window in the library. He had never seen his face properly.
“As he is still under the impression that he has committed not only one but two cold-blooded shootings, his natural instinct to flee will kick in as soon as he snaps out of the most acute shock he is currently suffering from. He will try to make a run for it and will be allowed to do so, despite being held by my men at the moment. The greater distance between him and us the better. Should he ever bother trying to return, he will be dealt with accordingly.”
“This is what you do then? Play people like pieces in a chess game, decide which direction they should take according to the arrangements you have made in advance?”
And with  those words he got out of the car and walked away, not bothering to close the door behind him, feeling a childish satisfaction in knowing that Mycroft would have to either do it himself or ask his driver to do it, because John was done doing anything more for this man and it was with a satisfied grin on his face that he walked back into work.
They stayed quiet for a long time, John just holding his arms cradling Sherlock’s thin frame, wishing none of this was actually happening but at the same time realising that whishing for things to be different wouldn’t change anything.
Now there was a supple opportunity for new leverage depending on what the doctor had to offer him. The downside to it was that considering recent developments Dr Watson’s contributions could turn out to be useless if Sherlock was no longer available as a pressure point in the game.
“You looked positively sick when he kissed you! You can’t expect me to believe that you enjoyed that spectacle in there?”
Sherlock knew nothing about this new player, keenly awaiting to make any further assessments, but the man at least seemed to move in an area of crime more familiar to him than Magnussen’s petty offences. Sexual powerplays were beginning to take their toll on him, and he had clearly lost his footing regarding his latest stunt, despite taking all the precautions he had managed.
“Very well. Not many can say that they don't fear my brother and actually mean it. You’re either incredibly stupid or very smart, time will tell I suppose.”
“I must say I’m surprised by your presence here tonight, Dr Watson,” a low tone of voice came from his left side and John sighed inwardly before he replied.
But before they went any further John stopped the younger man by pressing a hand against his chest, preventing any advances until he had said what he wanted to say.
“Considering the theme of the evening I felt it prudent to attend,” he offered with slight politeness.
It was eating away at his conscience badly enough as it was, without someone else pointing it out as well, because he was tired of being treated as if
“There is something going on with Sherlock and that dragon of a brother is keeping me from seeing him!”
Reasonably Sherlock couldn’t very well announce that he was a consulting detective who tended to co-operate with Scotland Yard, but perhaps he was taking the idle youth act a little too far. Magnussen did after all appreciate some semblance of intelligence in his conquests. A firm body could only take you that far, it needed to be accompanied with something else or interest would be shortlived indeed.
For a second it looked like Mycroft was going to stop him and John narrowed his eyes while clenching his fists, but then, as if a shadow had passed, the older brother suddenly waived his hand in a dismissive gesture towards the jar and Mr Judd put it back inside the briefcase and then quietly walked away, as if this had all been a carefully rehearsed play where everyone but John had been given a script.
Possessing Sherlock was like trying to break an unruly horse, it took a special kind of mindset and a will to succeed, Victor Trevor had certainly not managed it and despite many efforts Magnussen was still uncertain if he had done so himself.
A quick call to the man in charge of surveillance told him that Sherlock wasn’t at home, but the doctor was and that suited Mycroft just fine. A talk with him, just the two of them, was bound to give more results than watching his brother trying to pull wool over his eyes with smokescreens and lies.
“I didn’t come here to talk about expensive drinks. I believe you had a proposition for me. Otherwise I’m wasting my time by being here.”
Despite the fact that he practically got no response from the almost unconscious man, John remained calm, knowing that losing control now could be the difference between life and death, and as he had seen far worse during his time abroad, he performed his duties with a steady and assured pace.
Then the shadow withdrew and disappeared into the darkness, leaving John staring in shock, for a second uncertain of what to do.
“That Trevor bloke is going to go ballistic, I swear. He always acts so superior when visiting this place but he looks like one step away from the cuckoo’s nest whenever something doesn’t go his way.”
“Eidetic memory, John. Nothing of value should ever be kept on anyone’s phone, it’s too easily lost and forever gone even if you take all kinds of precautions to prevent it from happening. Theft, misplacing it, sheer usage, dropping it into the toilet, people tend to lose their phones under all kinds of unfortunate events, so a phone to me is simply a tool that I use when I need it, nothing that I depend on for anything truly important.”
But when he thought more closely about it, he realised that working for Mycroft Holmes wasn’t such a tempting option anymore. Instead he decided that he should start looking for a new job as soon as possible and then leave this place and all the bad things that came with it. He wanted nothing more to do with either Holmes brother so the sooner he was able to leave, the better.
Heat pooled through his abdomen down to his groin at the sight of Sherlock and a part of John wanted to cradle the younger man’s face and declare how much he actually loved him, that he wanted him to be John’s forever and always.
“The man you helped out today is actually my younger brother and the hospital where he is currently recuperating has informed that he would not have made it if you had not found him when you did and then acted in a way that helped keep him alive until the ambulance arrived. For that I’m most grateful.”
Besides, he was hardly going to leave Dr Roylott unattended here, however tempting it was to just rush to Sherlock’s side and be with him. This man seemed to be able to operate out of pure spite and anger if necessary and who knew how long two gunshot wounds would keep him down.
Magnussen on the other hand moved in higher levels of society when it came to entertaining himself for the evening, whereas Mycroft, who in all honesty abhorred socialising if not strictly necessary, seldom ventured to places like this. It was opulent and the food left on the plates spoke of high-level cuisine, Michelin stars and expense.
During his talk with Magnussen at the restaurant earlier, he had tried to pry into a more detailed description about the man they were about to meet, but Magnussen had been very secretive and not very helpful in that regard.
There was also no running water in the cottage so John figured that wanking each other off might be the best option they had available for them, as he was not willing to penetrate Sherlock without any sort lubricant and he certainly wasn’t that keen on getting old dirt and cobwebs all over himself on account of the filth covering every available surface, with no option to wash himself off afterwards.
go to sleep when Sherlock was out, but instead he stayed up awaiting his return. Naturally he had dozed off a time or two in the past when the hour was late, but this was something completely different. This was full sleep mode, lying down on the couch with a blanket neatly tucked in around his body. The work of someone who cared about him.
A swift glance at the number on his phone made him supress a groan and close his eyes for a brief second.
“I already told you,” John interrupted. “He lied me straight in the face and then he apparently drugged me to give me the slip. And frankly I don’t even care where he went. I’m tired of his games. I’m tired period. I want you to leave, Mycroft. Now.”
John nods, still trapped in the memories of that day in May ten years ago, not present to reminisce about a man he never truly forgave either. He doesn’t care why Anderson has this photo in his possession, he doesn’t even care that the man is now dead and that is the very reason he is standing here looking at old memorabilia along with Lestrade, while waiting for Sherlock to come back from the evidence room where he went over an hour ago to collect something.
Stick to the truth as much as possible, Sherlock had said last night and despite how much it pained John to admit this, he reluctantly agreed that he had not performed his duties properly.
The corridor leading up to the ward where Sherlock was admitted was more or less empty by this time in the evening. Visiting hours were technically over but as usual an exception had been made on his account and as he strode down the hall the sound of his shoes as well as the tip of his umbrella touching the floor with each step announced his arrival to the occupant of the room where he was headed.
“I have performed what I was paid to do, I have submitted my reports to my employer and that is all. I have not seen my patient since Saturday night because I have been busy with my other work and if you need to know more, it would be better if you got it from Mycroft. Or Sherlock when he is feeling better. I can just assure you that you don’t need to worry about my presence in that house anymore, I won’t be returning, and everyone involved is informed of my decision. So there is no obstacle standing between you and Sherlock. There never was, but now it certainly never will be.”
From what he could gather no one was willing to yield though and he cast a curious glance at the man with the briefcase, wondering who he actually was and why he made Sherlock so uncomfortable.
Sherlock turned him around and planted a surprisingly gentle kiss on his lips while looking deeply into his eyes.
Sherlock did remember this feature from when they had met at Magnussen but the surroundings, the shadow he presented, made the impression even more remarkable than what he recollected.
“No. He has never laid a hand on me. Not that he would ever be able to. I excel at martial arts, boxing, fencing and can definitely hold my own in a fight. But he was known to turn violent towards those he perceived were flirting with me. He once punched a man just for offering to light my cigarette. He always suspected that I was going to cheat on him behind his back, even if I never displayed any interest in anyone else as long as we were together. It was just a fixation he had, he was completely consumed by the idea and it only grew worse, the more independent I became. You also need to remember that I was a full-time addict by the time things turned sour between us, drugs were what I cared about, not much else.”
Then it became quiet again and he waited, not exactly sure of what, but his captor was hardly going to leave him tied up like this forever, was he.
A deep sigh was heard and the tall dark figure in front of him, once more obscured by shadows as the moon had disappeared behind a cloud, slumped, as if in defeat.
“I met Victor when I was seventeen, as a first-year student at Cambridge. It happened pretty much as he told it in his speech at the dinner party, his dog bit my ankle as I was heading down to the chemistry lab one morning, but he was very apologetic about it, made sure that I was taken to the closest hospital for a tetanus shot and some bandaging. It was a pretty bad wound, so I was bedridden for a few days and he came by every single day, to talk to me, to keep me company, to bring me things I needed and so forth. At first, I thought he was rather annoying but then I got used to his company and we eventually became friends. My first real friend.”
But Mycroft also recognised that John wasn’t a man who took being lied to very lightly, whatever the cause for it.
As Donovan had always claimed, Sherlock had the potential to one day be the biggest mistake John Watson ever made and right now he was pretty damn close to agreeing with her. But be that as it may, he had to find the man first so he could tell him this to his face.
A visit from him normally involved some sort of reprimand but John hadn’t met with the man since Victor’s visit and as far as he could recall he had done nothing to deserve a warning.
Sherlock reached for his untouched glass and took a small sip without actually performing said toast. Alcohol had never been his preferred vice, always opting for other stimulants, but occasionally he could be seen drinking a glass or two.
The rustle of the leaves picked up as a cold gust of wind ran through the deserted garden and like a whisper he could hear the conversation he had ran through his head a hundred times already, now play out one final time.
“Your fiancé?” he concluded, a combination of curiosity, hatred, jealousy and panic vying for dominance inside of him at the idea of finally facing the man that had haunted his thoughts for so long.
“Oh, I have sprung into action already, believe me. I have every man at my disposal working on the case as we speak. But I’m also a realist, Dr Watson, and this time I’m afraid that the odds are working against us.”
The brothers continued to stare at each other for a long stretch of time until Sherlock finally hissed through gritted teeth:
The only common factor had been that these events had taken place some years ago, when Sherlock had been younger and most likely still doing drugs. No one recalled when they had stopped but John had an idea that it might have been after the botched-up theft of the missile plans, although Sherlock had continued with his drug abuse some time after that as well.
For a second Mycroft almost thought that Magnussen was going to add some pointed remark about the food and his eating habits, but of course he didn’t. Not everyone was as straightforward and untactful as his little brother.
Then Lestrade came pounding up the stairs and broke the moment by waving a document in his hand and talking rapidly, pushing Sherlock into case-mode and the game was shortly after afoot.
There was always a risk that Magnussen would want Sherlock for himself if Victor was removed from the scene and that fate was even more terrible to contemplate than the current one.
“Officially Charles Magnussen is a Danish media mogul conducting his business in many countries all over the world, very powerful but pretty anonymous to the general public.  But just like Mycroft there is a huge difference between his official persona and what he really gets up to, behind the scenes.
But the idea of returning to Baker Street doesn’t sit well with him, it’s too far removed from everything that is happening here, returning to Baker Street would be like admitting defeat.
That doesn’t necessarily mean that he was abducted straight away, it just means that no one was able to spot him.
But then suddenly Victor’s face turned amiable once more and he put the medical bag down on the floor between them for John to pick up himself.
Hopefully he would feel better about all of this after that meeting and not have the nagging feeling at the back of his head that they were all walking steadily towards a terrible disaster.
Like all the other times when Sherlock has seemingly been in trouble and yet been back home by teatime the following day at the latest.
He closed his eyes and supressed yet another sigh. Despite having expected it, he couldn’t help but feel a flash of disappointment before he turned his attention back to the caller.
So he put in the effort and concentrated on what he had in front of him, working in silence next to the others and managed for a few blissful hours to mute the jealous demon raging inside of him.
He isn’t sure what she knows by now, it’s possible that she is still kept in the dark, he didn’t take the time to explain things to her when he left and Mycroft would hardly waste the energy to do so. In his eyes, their land lady is nothing but a snooping nuisance of a scandalmonger that blocks his entrance by the door every time he comes to visit, irony of course preventing him from seeing himself as exactly that with his own check-ups of his brother’s activities.
“So, you’re saying he had himself to blame for becoming the victim of a ruthless blackmailer, driving him to such utter despair that he rather chooses to end his life then having his secret exposed?”
The irony that he was in huge part to blame for it himself, wasn’t lost on him. There had been many paths he could have chosen along the way where he had most decidedly made the wrong choice, but looking back on his life, this could be said to be a recurring feature, even if he had seldom regretted any of it afterwards.
Sherlock was still rather exhausted and it became a natural choice that he slept in his own bed, alone, no questions asked, as he simply crashed into sleep as the first evening came and there was nothing more to it.
“I have no idea. Mycroft is being very shady about the whole thing, says that Sherlock needs his rest, that he isn’t feeling well and so forth. I want you to get through to him that he can’t deny me access to what technically is mine!”
Tiredly John slumps down on the motel bed and begins to undress. He is still wearing the same clothes he chose the morning Mycroft came to tell him about the abduction.
Naturally there were a few exceptions to the rule but in the end he had always managed to ensnare the majority of them as well, as even the most cold-hearted of individuals inevitably had a pressure point and once you found out what that was, it could be used against them.
“We had the gun trampled with, making a few adjustments, but then allowing him to keep it without letting him know that we had made some modifications to it. It was preferable to let him hold onto it rather than watching him acquiring a new one. As I’m sure you noticed, no real bullets penetrated the bodies even if the sound made it seem as if actual shots had been fired. Instead tranquilizing darts were used.”
But then he realised that he had lived through far worse than this. This was nothing compared to the hail of gunfire crossing the night sky like blazing stars being shot from the enemy line or being woken to the sound of the war alarm signalling that their camp was being under attack.
It’s so inclusive in fact that it isn’t even certain that he actually has Sherlock, if not for the glaring point that they both seem to have vanished at the same time.
Why was everyone he came into contact with at this place stark raving mad? And how had he failed to realise this sooner?
Mycroft was clearly a man of secrecy and John realised that he most likely hadn’t been presented with the full truth of the situation and that was a bit too risky for his taste.
