Sherlock cracked his eyes open with great difficulty the next morning. He had somehow gotten home and into bed, but he had felt as if he were fighting the flu. His head had been swimming, thoughts whirling out of control, and as soon as he crawled into bed he had fallen asleep as if he had run a marathon.
John’s knees actually wobbled as he let out another embarrassing whine, and Sherlock laughed, loud and long, as he maneuvered John into the cab - then on towards Baker Street, and to bed.
… as well? Because they would, by his association with Faiz, it wouldn’t matter that there was a woman in the mix as well...
Click HERE:
“Nice outfit John!” Molly said, raising her glass as John took off his jacket and added it to the pile of outerwear.
“I see,” he said slowly, pale eyes flickering around the crowded room. “Well, I told you - I don’t own anything green.”
“That wasn’t it,” he said cryptically, but John was already grabbing his hand again and pulling him away and out of the pub. “It wasn’t, you know,” he said emphatically as they got outside and John started looking around for a taxi.
“That’s hideous,” he said by greeting, laughing and clapping hands with first Mike, then Greg. To Molly he gave a quick hug, and he shook Donovan’s hand. They were never going to be good friends, but he had grown to respect the sergeant as they had all mellowed and grown a little older. Plus, the barbs exchanged between her and Sherlock had taken on a different slant when he helped save her brother from his murderous boyfriend.
Sherlock had a front-row view for what happened next. The annoyance of Sherlock’s antics fell from John’s face to be replaced by the familiar stillness of the soldier truly angry. The bleak smile crept in as he turned his head towards their guest, the shoulders squared, and John dropped Sherlock’s hand as his own arms came to rest flat against his sides.
“You don’t have any other work to do,” John said, and he sounded annoyed as well. “Just stay and listen, will you?” Sherlock tugged his arm again but John still didn’t let go, so Sherlock started prying at his fingers with his own.
Heaving a sigh, Sherlock dragged himself into a sitting position and ran his hands through his hair. His shirt and trousers were too rumpled to wear, so he took them off and cast them into the laundry pile. Getting back into his pajamas and robe somehow made him feel a bit better. Comforted. He snorted at himself then, out of patience with all the sentiment and emotion. So John was friends with Faiz now, and some other people. That was fine. Great, actually, if it made him more accepting of gay people. He stomped through into the bathroom and cleaned his teeth a bit more aggressively than usual.
“Yeah - but we’re not kids anymore and this isn’t a student pub, so you’re probably safe. Our group might try and get at you again later though,” he warned, and Sherlock looked back towards them like they might already be on the attack. John smiled, he couldn’t help it. Sherlock just looked so out of his depth - something that was quite rare indeed. Usually it was the detective who was in command of the room, who knew what was going on, who everyone looked to. In situations like this though, he tended to stick to John like glue and regard everyone else that approached them with deep suspicion. The threat of being pinched was only going to exacerbate matters.
Sherlock blinked. “Excuse me?”
it continued as he found himself in his bedroom with the door closed, hands reaching for his wardrobe.
They looked happy.
Bewilderment mounting, Sherlock’s mouth actually fell open of its own accord when Faiz linked his arm through John’s and steered him across the road into the pub. He had thought that only happened in films, but such was the strength of his shock at this turn of events he could barely keep his transport under control. After a moment he managed to get across the road himself and peer in through one of the heavily tinted windows. Faiz was at the bar and John was sitting in a booth, but after a few minutes more people joined the group. John went from sitting ramrod straight and looking completely out of place through sheer dint of awkwardness, to looking right at home, in a surprisingly short amount of time.
Give him a pinch?
Officer Faiz Hussein, the new policeman in Lestrade’s team who appeared to at least have a few brain cells to bang together - unlike the rest of them. Was… was John here on a
“Hmm? Oh, yes. It was nothing, just a little pinch,” Sherlock said nonchalantly. The table relaxed, but John found himself looking at Sherlock’s empty glass and trying to remember just how many rum and cokes his friend might have had. Three? Four? As if reading his mind, Sherlock chuckled and then stood up again.
Flamboyant friends. Accepting friends.
“Yes,
“John!” Sherlock said, sounding so genuinely pleased that John couldn’t help but smile back. “Liam here was just telling me all about St. Patrick,” he said, words slurring a little. Ginger smiled, but it was a thin smile. He was obviously not too happy to have been interrupted.
Sherlock Holmes was many things - consulting detective, intelligent, baritsu fighter, oftentimes rude… but those who really knew him would say he was driven by one facet of his personality above all else: curiosity.
Rival for John’s time and attention maybe. Never his heart.
,” John said, and though Sherlock understood all of the words that were spoken, the actual content eluded him.
“Oh. Well, yeah, it’s for St. Patrick’s Day. You’ve usually gone into hiding already,” John said, recovering. “And you should be wearing something green, too.”
Original music written and performed by Randomwordsonpaper
his inner voice said, as his legs started moving of their own accord.
“God, yes,” John groaned, sliding his hands up Sherlock’s chest, to the sides of his neck, and pulling him firmly down. Sherlock met him eagerly; all soft, pliant lips that smiled even as they moved against John’s.
“Seems interesting, don’t you think?” John said, a little excitement in his voice. Sherlock pulled back, and John swivelled in his seat, finally letting go of his sleeve.
he thought, and Sherlock gave him an odd look as he started to chuckle.
“Have a nice evening then?” he asked, feigning nonchalance. The door within the palace gave a much stronger rattle, and he reminded himself that he was going to let all of this go.
For some reason this morning, Sherlock found that incredibly irritating.
“Possibly too many,” John said faintly, but then Donovan snorted.
“You can go,” John said, feeling fond, and was gratified when Sherlock turned back to him, surprised.
More drinks were bought and eventually the whole group seemed to huddle closer and closer to each other, sharing anecdotes, touching shoulders, gesturing dramatically, laughing loudly in unison… Sherlock’s body still wasn’t fully obeying his commands, as without him realizing it, both hands came up to the window and pressed on the glass. He leaned forward with his nose pressing there as well, trying to see more clearly, and for a wild moment he considered just walking in there and… and…
“Two hours,” he finally said, and John grinned. “But I won’t have fun!” he called as John started heading back to his room again.
“Hmm?” John asked, dancing in place a little against the cold, brain already thinking about a warm bed, and a warm body in it next to his…
Unfortunately for John Watson, his best friend Sherlock Holmes was many things. Consulting detective. Genius.
After using the toilet and washing up, he took himself back to his bed and sat down with purpose. He lay back on his bed carefully, in control, arranging each limb just-so and steepling his hands under his chin. He just needed to store all of this away, that’s all there was to it. Store it away, just like he had every other time a reporter had asked them what they were doing for Valentine’s Day, or when Donovan would leer and spout innuendos. Stow away the sound of disgust and exasperation in John’s voice as he shouted his repetitive denials - to Molly, to Anderson, to Lestrade. He locked it away now, along with the shame he had felt every time John squirmed with embarrassment - shame at being exactly the thing that John was so adamant he was not, that John was so annoyed at being called, that John was so angry at the mere suggestion that he might be…
Downloads have been enabled!
The door in the palace was almost rattling off its hinges. John had paused while sitting down, leaving him hanging in a crouched position until he seemed to remember himself and sit, setting down his own plate and glass of water. Some of the jubilation drained away from his posture to be replaced with caution.
one?” Sherlock laughed, low and playful, and John felt his hands settle on his waist.
“Let go!”
He went to continue on past John’s chair, but then John’s hand darted out and grabbed him by the sleeve.
“Hmm, I don’t know… are the two hours up yet?” he asked, low and sultry. Somehow, he seemed to draw even nearer to John, though his feet didn’t move.
John’s eyebrows climbed into his hairline.
A week after
Thank you for your patience, I hope you enjoy part 3! Huge thanks to Randomwordsonpaper and alifetimeaheadtoprove that - it's been a wonderful collaboration <3
Original music written and performed by Randomwordsonpaper
“Ooo, no green, handsome?”
“You can go home,” John explained, stepping closer to the bar and raising his voice. “I’m sorry I dragged you here. You can leave, it’s OK.” He smiled to make sure Sherlock could see he was being sincere, but Sherlock only blinked in response. He looked around the pub once more, seemed to think it over, then shook his head.
the voice went on, and Sherlock spat into the sink and glared at his reflection.
At first, he would freeze, almost as if the more open John became then the more closed he must be in order to keep the balance. John would bump his shoulder with camaraderie as he laughed about something he was reading, and Sherlock would remain locked in place - a cliff being battered by a breeze. In response to the little smiles, he would automatically try and erase all traces of a personality from his own face, but somehow this made John smile all the more.
Sherlock Holmes was many things.
“Yes.
“Maybe only a two.”
“I’m sure you two can discuss this without me,” he said stiffly, pushing the chair back so he could get up. Once again John’s hand appeared, clutching his sleeve.
“People?” he asked uneasily, looking around at all the strangers in their different groups. The pub was already rowdy, and it appeared many had been there drinking for quite some time.
he thought, then attempted to squash his inner voice before it drove him completely mad - not that he wasn’t halfway there already these days.
“No thanks,” he heard himself say, stalking closer to Sherlock who regarded him with a sort of daring curiosity. He stopped directly in front of him, smelled that cologne again, then found the courage to smirk a little seductively himself. He reached one hand around Sherlock's back quickly, and before he could second-guess it, gave his bum cheek a firm pinch that had Sherlock squealing a little theatrically and hop once in place. Sherlock looked at John, shocked, but with darkening eyes and a new flush to his cheeks that was nothing to do with the alcohol. “We won’t be needing your help,” John said absently in the direction of Ginger, but he couldn’t even be bothered to see if the other man had heard. The stranger was now completely irrelevant, as those wide, intelligent and mischievous eyes zero-ed in on John’s mouth and lingered there. John could hear their friends whooping and hollering from over in the corner at their table, but could pay them no mind, as he automatically licked his lips while looking up at Sherlock’s captivating face.
It had come out of nowhere, this sudden social engagement - Sherlock had been thinking of what they could do together that evening and discovered a program they could watch together that wouldn’t be entirely mind-numbing, and had been genuinely excited to watch it with John, as it seemed like something he would be interested in as well. Then, not only was John not interested, but he was leaving the flat?
The streets were becoming more crowded as they went on at their slowed pace, and Sherlock felt more and more morose. John was going on a date, in a crowded place, full of happy couples no doubt, and he obviously cared a lot about the outcome based on his outfit and how he had spent time on his hair…
John thought to himself, a little bit evilly. He was pretty sure that Sherlock was unaware of the traditions surrounding wearing green to this celebration - and what was going to happen to him if he didn’t.
“No thanks,” John said, feeling worried but not sure why. “And are you sure you want another one? Your two hours are almost up."
because the recipient of that smile and look and gesture was someone who was
“Hmm?” Sherlock was shrugging his coat on and looking John up and down in confusion. “I’ve never seen this outfit before,” he said, something almost accusatory in his voice.
Written and narrated by ohlooktheresabee
“Do come in and sit down, Ms. Bailey,” he said stiffly.
Sherlock lay there, listening to John puttering around in the kitchen, and tried to parse out his feelings. Not one to usually spend time on such matters, it was hard for him to understand his body’s reaction. Even after a few minutes, after rubbing his face and trying to focus, he still couldn’t completely identify why he was feeling so… off. So… upset? No...
“You could go over there,” Greg suggested, speaking into John’s ear so the others couldn’t listen in.
“Oh, leave him alone. He finally starts acting like a human being, and you’re going to get on his case about it?” She took a large swig of her own beer to finish it off, then hopped off her stool. “Let him have some fun - trust me, there are plenty of people in here who can’t
What was Sherlock
turned out not to be, as Sherlock assumed, one of his patients or someone he had met in university; but instead was the pretty young lady from
The groups and couples moving around him were mainly men. Yes there were a few women scattered around, but predominantly, it was men. Men who were dressed up for a night on the town. Groups, singles, couples…
*************************
Bailey. You shouldn’t believe everything you read in the papers. We are not a couple. Never have been, never will be. And for the last time,
“Why not?” John asked, confused. Sherlock never wanted to stay at these things later than he did - that was if he even turned up at all.
Sherlock's eyebrows rise pretty high.
something like that, you could have pretend you saw nothing."
Sherlock shook his head and blinked for several times.
John swallowed.
“Or not,” he says drily.
“I see.” No, he does not. But he is out of depth of what to say next. They sip their coffee in silence, until John blurts, “You were really close, then? You and Sherlock?”
John wasn’t there, no.
Sherlock laughing when alone? Possible. But this early in the morning? Probable, in case he has just... That he has just...
„Friend of mine,“ John said lowly.
He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes.
"Yeah. I've been living here for... nearly a year, actually." John replies and tries hard not to blush. This question has nothing to do with Sherlock. Don't think about that git now, for god's sake!
“Because you
Naked.
"If you want to tell me something... Anything. I will listen. And... I will not judge you, you know that?" says Sherlock and John's mouth shapes a beautiful "O". Sherlock can't help it but stare at the perfect circle.
John runs off the flat. He's so furious! And ashamed. And god damn it hard as a rock.
“What things?” John asks with a slight frown.
Is it because of the yesterday's research on John's laptop? Or the dreams? Or the...
„John?“ she asked before she left. „Are you ok? I mean... Is there anything I could... Have I done anything wrong? You are a bit...“ She babbled and sighed, frustrated with her incapability at expressing herself properly.
"You what?" he whispers.
, Sherlock makes himself to think that out loud – although in his mind only.
„You had a flu. It was quite severe and... You...“ John opened his eyes, blinking the tears away. He ought to repete that fact over and over again, and it was supposed to help him, but it didn’t. He was blaming himself for not being a better doctor to the one person who needed it the most.
"I saw your internet history yesterday."
A fever.
instincts he possessed to just kick in and somehow hear Sherlock’s calling.
Better to get to his Doctor as soon as possible.
“Fantasizing about some... subjects can be quite... pleasant.” Sherlock leaves his mouth open, eyes narrowed, as if that last word still makes him doubt. “Particularly when I fantasize about you,” he adds, expectation plain in his face.
“Yes. Well. I don’t think I’d like to confess anything of the matter to you, you know? It wasn’t a pleasure to meet you, after all, Victor. Good bye.” John walks out of the lounge, unable to wait for some kind of polite answer. He suspects he would have heard none anyway.
He tried to sit up on his bed, failing.
He comes closer, lifts the duvet and covers Sherlock up, resting his hand on his shoulder for a while.
“You are fantasizing when I’m
"Of course I was," Sherlock replies. "But it passed eventually."
John actually chuckles. He rubs his neck, pausing momentarily and turning around, watching the nice looking young lady go away. He thinks he should be far beyond the doubts, concerning his sexuality, and yet... He's just so angry at Sherlock!
- coming hard, panting, trying not to black out. Sherlock then moves his hand on John’s hip, brushing small circles there with his thumb, until he’s suddenly not. He's gripping John’s hip more fiercely now and John rests his chin on his shoulder, takes a deep breath and makes his eyes open and he sees –
Well, frankly, he couldn’t remember anything at all. How did he get in his bed in the first place?
And Sherlock heard weak muttering inside his head – who's that, who's making that noise, when he’s watching those intriguing memories?
John nearly threw her out of the flat. But she was so kind and she brought a take-away. They ate sillently, watching stupid telly, which was turned on only because of Molly. John was used to silence. Once they finished their meals, John thanked her and she put on her coat.
John looks at him, really looks. Sherlock stands with his back straight as a rod, hands fidgeting now and then, one button, the one right above the hem of his trousers is
something where two... Two
you have no right to... whatever! Even if you
He shifted a bit, trying to lean on his hand and he collapsed on the floor, naturally. He was so weak, he should have foreseen that he’d end down. He panted, feeling cold sweat flowing down his back on his hip.
sounded just like something his brother would say.”
„It’s mine.“ A whisper.
„John? John...“ he whispered, his throat was burning.
John has an awful night.
He moved a bit, crawling to the edge of his bed and looked down on the floor.
“ a voice whispered.
Quiet.
, since I’m suddenly very cold. Your bedroom.”
John felt cold again. Eventually he had got used to those odd moments when the whole flat became weird, all those creaks and whispering. This flat was just old, that was all.
No way. He said he didn't do
„John?“ he whispered. „What happened to you?“
It can't be so ha...
Sherlock
Sherlock’s chuckle is the only answer before John goes to Sherlock’s bedroom, shuts the door, and kisses one detective senseless.
No sofa, tables, other chairs, Sherlock’s chair. No books, no papers nor documents anywhere.
He is used to dream a lot, as one's brilliant mind is able to, and his dreams are always truly colourful and intense. It doesn't occur to him they are special in any way, he mostly dismisses them as something his mind is doing to sort out the mess of new memories and data.
Sherlock swallowed and his throat ached like he hadn’t drunk anything in a month.
“Oh, we were. I was his close friend then. I must admit there could have been more, if he just as pointed one of his seductive fingers at me. The temptation of a virgin,” he muses and John shivers. “You should’ve seen him swooning over his colleagues making out together, when he thought no one was looking, but I saw. I
Sherlock blushes crimson, feeling his cheeks get hot rather vividly. He quickly gets rid of evidence of his intrusion to John's privacy and puts the laptop back in its place.
Sherlock’s hand is suddenly touching John’s lower thigh and sliding up.
He freezes. It came from Sherlock's bedroom.
Naked? Why would John –
He stared at the mantel, and the image didn’t change. Two skulls. He sat down on the carpet and leaned his back to the armchair.
It wasn’t about being alone, if John were alive somewhere. Sherlock dreaded the moment when John dies first and Sherlock stays alone, without any possibility to be even in the same town as John.
“Ah. Ok. I’ll better go now.” John stands up, leaving his unfinished coffee on the table.
John runs off the flat. He's so furious! And ashamed. And god damn it hard as a rock.
"But it
“Sleeping together in my bed, I believe. We can talk things through later.”
This couldn’t be just an ordinary flu, no.
He goes to bed.
him, as he’d undoubtedly say. It was all an experiment, or so he insisted. He told me once he didn't understand why people bother with such pedestrian and sloppy activities. He was so very bizarre and... a bit of a freak. Funny, really.” Victor laughs shortly and suddenly John doesn’t want to share anything with this bloody Victor any more.
„John,“ Sherlock mouthed, not able to speak out loud.
"I'm sure I mean it just in the way I'm pronouncing it now: what do people do while masturbating?"
“Indeed.”
And regarding John’s state at that time, he's probably in his own bedroom, as feverish as Sherlock.
„John?“ Sherlock’s voice, now clearer and louder.
Sherlock woke up in his bed, sweating, aching; migraine... No, not a migraine, a fever...
„Right here, next to Aurelia.“
, Sherlock thought idly and paused. Echoes of memories were nagging in his head, but it really hurt to think, so he dismissed it as something his tired brain had produced.
It wasn’t.
John moans when he hears that little stutter.
, when you're... Oh, never mind." He stands up from his chair. "I'm going to Tesco, fancy anything?" He really needs to go out now. Anywhere.
Sherlock smiles as well, bends his head and gently kisses John’s lips.
"Oh yes! I remember, hello, Victor," John smiles and shifts a bit. "It's been really long time, where did you disappear?"
Ah. Sherlock’s blog, probably. Or John’s, for that matter. John shifts uncomfortably. This all sounds a bit... odd. Like there was something more to Victor’s words, but John just couldn’t decide what it was.
. But maybe he changed his mind?... Well, at least
Two skulls? No, that must be the fever, his eyes are probably just really tired.
John, licking and biting and grabbing and… Oh…
John huffs, wipes away last drops of water with soft woollen sleeve of his brown sweater and straightens up.
John strides through London streets, lost in thought yet perceptive to his surroundings, until he finds himself back at home, the door to the street banged shut behind him. He tries to calm down but really, this bloody Victor has just rubbed him up the very wrong way indeed.
John sighed, looked at the mantel and smiled ruefully. His face was full of wrinkles – on his forehead and between his eyebrows, around his mouth. He was old.
The flat was cold again. John shivered and sighed.
"Shut up! It was private, Sherlock,
"Why not? I have a day off anyway."
He finds out he wants another one.
The voice was so sad. And... old.
Mrs Hudson and Molly had helped him with Sherlock’s things, packing them and taking them away. He kept several things, the skull among them. Sometimes he had bad dreams, where he had two skulls and they were talking to him, but he kept it anyway. It was something Sherlock had kept, so John wasn’t the one to throw it away.
„I outlived you. I am sorry.“
„Don’t be,“ Sherlock said and smiled at him. And John didn’t feel cold anymore.
At first he winces a bit when he feels the effect of his... He isn't  sure if it could be counted as a wank.
“Better?” he asks curiously.
Someone bumps in his left shoulder and he hisses, frowning and glancing at the guy who causes this –
“Come on, John, you can’t be possibly shy about your nudity, you certainly couldn’t afford this habit in the army days.” Sherlock smirks. “Oh. And you can just stop marching here like a tiger in a cage, I already know about your boner.” John stops on the spot, staring with disbelieve at his flatmate. “You want to know about my sex life, where there is none. I’m amenable to change that because of you. Due to our previous misunderstanding, I’ve been thinking about your words and came to a conclusion.” Sherlock paused, looking slightly abashed.
, Sherlock muses.
This will be very hard. Pardon the pun.
"Are you all right?" Sherlock asks eventually, his head tilting curiously to side.
Sherlock smiles. "But John, it's alright, I'd like to –"
What the hell do parents do about it? What do they tell? He really can't remember how it went when he had found out, it was so many years ago!
"Well done," John says, swallowing again, not so hungry for a toast any more.
. I said... Well, then. I think I just..." he points towards the bathroom with his thumb and jumps to his feet, suddenly nervous.
Wonderful.
„I know you think I don’t remember,“ she started slowly. „But I know this is
to do. But I don't understand what is happening during that... activity. Why bother in the first place."
“Did I really?” Sherlock asks with surprise and stops moving.
He sat quietly, listening to sounds from the street muffled by new windows. Sometimes he imagined he heard the violin again. Or the humming of Sherlock’s laptop.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” he mutters, frowning at his cup.
„Oh,“ Mrs Hudson sighed in relief and looked around. The flat was nearly empty, there were just few boxes near the walls. John wanted to renovate the flat. Her eyes stopped at the mantel, where the skull was still placed. She frowned a bit. „What about the skull?“
John leaves the bedroom, not quite sure how he got in his bed again. He can't fall asleep till the dawn.
And he dreamt of shadows and bright colours and shadows again.
„John?“ he whispered and made few steps forward, getting in the living room, which was again full of furniture, but he didn’t recognize it. John’s chair, yes, and there, on the mantel, there were two skulls, one of them was like a blurred stain.
“ Sherlock groaned again, trying to call John in a mild way. The third call of John’s name was like a hammer on his brain and John didn’t hear him anyway.
But then he laughs, a bit dizzy because of that satisfied feeling.
John rolls his eyes.
He isn't sure. Maybe a proof of John's bisexuality?
Sherlock frowns a little.
Sherlock straightens his hand, fingertips touching only the air. John leaves the flat, stomping down the stairs and bangs the front door shut.
Sherlock remembered. He remembered almost everything – even the things about aching
“Huh.” John shifts from foot to foot, trying to quickly button his fly up again. “I was just... going to...” He tosses his head in the direction of now finally steaming shower. Sherlock lifts his hand and opens the door with his long index finger. John frowns. “Do you mind?” John tries to shut the door, but Sherlock doesn’t let it happen. “Sherlock! What the h...!?”
„Oh, Sherlock. How I miss you...“
John smiled and shivered again, suppressing an urge to rub his right arm which was aching numbly. His heart ached sharply, but he ignored it. He could be crazy, but these were the moments worth for staying alive another day, another minute. John closed his eyes and felt utter and infinite content.
"You know... There are more pleasant ways to deal with it, if yo... If someone is alone. Apart from waiting for it to
"Mmm," Sherlock adds and grips his duvet tightly, sighing.
Sherlock frowns and looks to the hearth, bemused.
“Thanks. Um. Are you suggesting?...”
And then he hears a laugh from Sherlock's bedroom.
He opened the door shakily and shivered as he felt light draft blowing through the flat. The windows in the living room must have been opened too. This was probably the first time in several months when the 221B was being properly ventilated, but it wasn’t particularly the best time for doing that. Sherlock got up on his feet and, trembling violently, made few steps forward.
He leaned to John’s chair from the back, slowly surveying the room. It was empty.
He sighed again.
Nah! He must have heard something different. Or his tired brain just imagined how...
. Taking Sherlock –
John runs into the kitchen, almost tripping over his own foot, quickly turns the tap and drinks the water with his head in the sink. He coughs and sputters the water and then drinks again thirstily, turns the tap off, and breaths heavily.
"I'm perfectly all right. Am not quite sure about yourself, though," John mutters. He coughs again a little, goes back to the lounge and sits in his armchair.
„Bye, Molly. Have a nice evening,“ John said to the empty flat.
John felt something cold touching his shoulder and he looked up.
"Er. No, I did not, actually." He
"Really?" Sherlock queries with surprise. John frowns.
Maybe he caught the last season's flu after all.
And then he felt a light breeze blowing on his face. He couldn’t remember he’d opened the window.
“Am-m-I touching you?”
Their panting echoes through the quiet bathroom. Sherlock grins, eyelids heavy. John grins back.
„Bye, Molly. Have a nice evening.“
Not migraine, then.
And then he woke up.
Seizure? What seizure? He was so confused, his mind shattered, nothing made sense. Sherlock opened his eyes a bit and looked at his body.
He feels like a shit, and every time he closes his eyes, he sees his own unit dead, bodies ripped apart, heads missing. He rubs his face and whimpers quietly. He has some pills in the bathroom cabinet, which would make him sleep dreamlessly, but he doesn't want to take them, not even at night like this one.
No...
"Sherlock?" he whispers. "Are you ok?" He peeps inside when the detective sobs again.
Sherlock understood what was happening.
And then, of all things, Sherlock starts to make a breakfast. John gapes in disbelief.
„John? I found this in my kitchen and I am not sure if it was you, who had borrowed it to me, or Sherlock and so I didn’t want to... You know. Put it in the bin before I ask you -“
John sat there in his armchair, sipping a tumbler of a whiskey, probably. Sherlock sat down, suppressed another groan (his joints were realy aching and the headache... God, the damn headache!), and observed John. His old John, who lived alone. Another deep wrinkle, right there on his forehead.
John closes his mouth and shakes his head.
Anyway...
It should be alright, it
a friend of mine.
“C-care to enlighten me?” John stuttered.
No - Way! He shudders.
” he asks incredulously. John laughs.
He shivers a bit and pulls his coat closer to his neck.
“N-not. Particularly. There. Hmmf.” The light touch, however, sends sparks right to his aching groin. Sherlock hums and relocates his left hand to John’s crack, stroking there gently with one finger.
"Maybe I could inform you that I have some data on
“Get out! I mean it, Sherlock!” John fumes and paces that small place desperately. Sherlock’s fierce eyes follow his movement.
It seems to be
"Right," John mutters and leaves.
among the most ridiculous conversation between Sherlock and him.
The translucent figure sat down on the chair, and Sherlock had to go round to see it again. He stood several feets from the odd figure and utterly forgot about his ilness for a while.
"It's Harriet, Harry for short. And she's... Well." John pauses, tapping on his mug awkwardly.
there...
Surely a flu couldn’t cause anything like that. He looked at his hands, which were paler than normally, but other than that quite fine. No unexpected wrinkles there, no freckles or anything.
“Sherlock!” he shouts once he’s run up the stairs. “Sherlock?” More slowly now, trying to get a grip on his temper, he walks in the lounge. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen, John peeps behind the corner through the kitchen – Sherlock’s bedroom door is closed.
he told himself, and slowly rolled on his side, eyes tight shut.
Victor leans back to his armrest, smiling in a way that probably should seem coy for most people. John realizes he sees through him – this isn’t about coyness, this smile is alike of a feline, too many teeth, whisking tail and all that.
“Yeah. I am.” He glances down at his hand gripping his cock and then looks at Sherlock again.
“Well. You. You just... changed the scenario.”
"Well, that's similar to me."
So. When he dreams this night, he could dismiss it in the very same way.
“Jesus,” he turns his head away for a second, his cock throbbing. He squeezes it a bit and waits for the tsunami of arousal to calm down, but the thought of having the only consulting detective naked right beside him is too tempting, he looks back again.
“This will probably sound quite weird, but...” He barks a laugh and looks away, then smiles and leans forward. “I know you live with Sherlock Holmes. Actually, I know
Where do those strange feelings come from?
. And Sherlock isn't ten anymore. He could understand, right?
John nearly rolls his eyes. Honestly. This dialogue?
He would roll his eyes on himself, but he couldn’t bother. His eyes were aching as well and it was far better just not to let them move at all.
Sherlock is spread over his bed, lying on his stomach, his duvet on the floor. He is thrashing and whimpering and John sighs ruefully. Apparently he isn't the only one with bad dreams.
„A friend of mine.“
John makes a step back, mouth open wide, forgetting immediately what he was trying to say. He giggles nervously and licks his lips. “Right. Like hell I’ll let you. Get out.” John tries to lean on the door to shut it at last but Sherlock promptly gets in and props against the near wall instead.
„John,“ he whispered again, hoping for John’s medical instincts and soldier instincts and whatever
Memories of another fever, but far more pleasant one – John touching him, kissing him, loving him...
“Boyfriends,” John huffs and shakes his head. Sherlock pauses in the door frame, looking suddenly very self-conscious.
"Jesus fucking Christ d-don't - don't you stop oh fuck oh-fuck-Sher...
He was fine. He was absolutely fine.
Maybe he can do something the men on John's laptop were doing. Just for scientific reasons, obviously. For a start, let's say... Visualizing the dream.
"I don't think so..." He says quietly, hesitantly. John feels a bit sorry for this exceptional human being. He wonders how bewildering must have Sherlock's teenage been. Clearly he didn't have friends, nor had he a sibling close to him enough to chat about girls... Or boys, what could John know. The Holmes' brothers grew up among cold people, who thought about affection or sex like about something redundant and tedious.
John sighs and turns round again, strolling the streets of London, which get really busy at this time of a day. People are everywhere, hurrying, running, going to work, probably. He stops in the middle of the pavement and looks ahead, feeling suddenly alone.
„John? Is it you?“
“Let me watch.”
side. He put on his dressing gown, not even trying to call John again, and headed to the living room.
He doesn't know why exactly (but his body evidently does and it acts of its own volition, finally), but his right hand slides down between his legs and gropes a bit – and Sherlock, not even slightly used to this intensive feeling, comes with a loud groan.
"...Tense." John adds lowly. Sherlock opens his mouth in slight awe.
“You’ve already started some time ago. Might as well finish it.” Sherlock huffs when he finds his shirt open in the most compromising place and his cheeks blush. He starts to undo all buttons, watching John undress himself.
, we went to uni together. Such a coincidence that you two are together now.”
John turns round without a single word, gets in the tub and aims the spray head on his face, washing it for a minute, then bends a little, leans his hand against the wall and lets the water run over his back. He turns his head to the side, looking at Sherlock, who’s just standing couple of feet from him, roaming with his grey eyes turned black over John’s body until he looks up to John’s face.
Sherlock lay in his bed. Naked. Sweating. Aching.
"Sherlock, do you have any experience? Any... At all...?" He shifts slightly and tries to deduce that from Sherlock's face but he isn't the one good at deducing people.
He'd had sex with John and he almost didn’t remember.
"John," Sherlock moans again, and John flinches as if he has been shot again.
"It's just like sex, but you're alone. Sometimes it's even better than sex. Sometimes. Ugh." He coughs.
So. A huge headache, a fever, sweating like a pig.
. It was his ancestor’s skull, his grandaunt, actually.
John puts off his coat and jumper and leaves them on his chair, kicks his shoes and socks aside, and strides to the bathroom door. Leaving the door slightly ajar, he turns the tap on and strips his shirt and tee off. He unbuttons his fly and stares in the mirror above the basin. His face seems to be so weary and old, wrinkles everywhere and those bags under his eyes, Jesus. John frowns and sighs. What has he been thinking, really? Fantasizing about Sherlock? God, that gorgeous creature of consulting detective has just discovered his own libido, as it seems, and wouldn’t it be just fortunate if he aimed it at John! But that’s never going to happen, what with John’s never-ending sexual crisis and his looks.
Sherlock never does
“Boyfriends will do,” he smiles. “And now do move,
This is not… He is not…
expected were tons of pictures or materials on porn, a heterosexual porn, strictly speaking.
"Well, the mechanics..." John pauses and muses about how on earth he can tell that to Sherlock. He just shrugs in the end and continues. "Er... Sorry. Haven't you done it before? Ever? It's just... I can't quite believe that in your age you wouldn´t... You know. Wank." John smiles and winks. But Sherlock's face just looks blank. John's eyebrows rises. "You can't be serious..." he snorts. Sherlock frowns and John inhales sharply. "O-k..." he slowly releases his breath.
“Mm. I suppose bed is in order.” Sherlock pulls John’s towel from the rack and passes it to him.
"They fantasize, Sherlock. Haven't you ever had an erotic dream?"
„No, it’s fine. It’s just... I’m a bit off, recently.“
Sherlock flicks his eyes towards John, eyebrows rising slightly. "I beg your pardon?"
kind of loneliness was quite horrifying.
John gasps, instantly forgetting about his hard problem.
, for God's sake! Wherever it comes from? (well, apparently from Sherlock's mouth, to be precise...)
John giggles.
"I was looking for the reasons... er, on what I had asked you before, and I came... across... those pictures. And videos." Sherlock looks on the floor and then on John who is imitating Sherlock's former shade of red.
John suppresses another laughter, Sherlock could get angry unbelievably quickly and it seems it could happen any moment.
„John? John, are you… There?“ he swallowed again. It was like having knives in his throat, cutting deeply.
John rolls his eyes and chuckles. He can't help it.
"But you did sleep well, I can tell," John says acidly. Sherlock pauses and... Are his cheeks a bit more rose? John inclines his head.
„Who’s that?“ he asked weakly.
“What do you mean? Is this some kind of rule or what?” Sherlock asks uncertainly.
„Right here, next to Aurelia.“ The whisper again, quite sad. It sounded like John’s voice, but Sherlock couldn’t quite believe what he’d heard.
"I can see your point, now."
They sit near the window and order coffees, John goes for big black with two sugars, until he realizes it's how Sherlock drinks it. He sips it anyway and tries really hard not to think about his flatmate.
„No, it’s fine. It’s just... I’m a bit off, recently.“
John (pale and sweaty). His beautiful blue eyes (feverish). His hands (shaking) touching gently, yet firmly; suddenly ripping the shirt off Sherlock’s body; his lips (too dry), kissing hungrily –
The flat was so quiet – but there was a creak somewhere in the living room. He got on his feet and slowly, step by step, went there.
“Dull things. Now we’re presumingly boyfriends. So things like law and order in one household, making tea and whatnot.”
„Twenty three years. And yet I have a feeling he’s here, with me.“ John waited for the pitiful look, but she just smiled at him and nodded.
He sighs, goes to the kitchen and opens the fridge to fish something to drink, but he swears when he sees a plate with fingers on it and bangs the door shut again.
„I understand, John. I really do. Good night, John,“ she tightened her scarf and left.
Sherlock is observing his movements, seeking for... What exactly?
John watches him getting a wonderful shade of crimson and suddenly his mouth is watering. He swallows and observes Sherlock shifting, fidgeting, looking anywhere but at John.
“Tell me what you see,” Sherlock says so quietly John almost mishears him over the rush of falling water. What he definitely hears then is rustling of clothes. He opens his eyes a bit and sees that Sherlock is undressing himself, shoes and socks and trousers off... He’s just about to take off his pants when he notices John watching him. He pauses for a moment, but then with one swift movement takes the last piece of clothing and stands there absolutely, gorgeously naked, his cock swelled and leaking already. John gasps, grits his teeth to prevent coming on the spot.
„Twenty three years. And yet I have a feeling he’s here, with me.“
John has never gone on a date with a man. Not since he moved in with Sherlock, anyway. Perhaps he doesn't want anybody to know about it?
being alone
Interesting!
Sherlock shook his head. He had a feeling that he’d thought of something similar before.
Thrashing in his bed, muttering, and
"So. How're you doing, John? I think you have a sister, right? I don't remember her name, though," Victor smiles a bit.
“Um. How do you mean?” John asks tentatively. Is his former neighbor something of a stalker or what?
“Oh.” John blinks. “You know Mycroft?”
John takes off his trousers, standing in the middle of steaming bathroom only in his pants. Sherlock minutely stares at his crotch. Those deep red pants leave nothing to imagination, really. John smiles crookedly, in for a penny... And takes the pants off as well. Sherlock makes a small sound.
Sherlock looked around, looking for the man who said that. It was definitely a man.
"Yes. You should try it yourself." John pauses and then giggles. "Sorry. Um. For the giggling I mean." He snorts. "B-but it's just..." He sighs when he looks at Sherlock who watches him blankly. "It's a bit weird to recommend you something like
After quite restless night, Sherlock wakes up with a new sort of dream in his memory and an erection.
John added in his mind with a sigh.
„John?“ He needed to find him. John would help him.
No, he didn't. He couldn't mean the... Could he?
Another headache, the tenth or eleventh in the last month.
” ...and when Sherlock’s finger tries to push
Here he is, in the kitchen in the morning, making tea and his mind is whirling with possibilities, why was Sherlock dreaming... Was he even... About them?
„What happened...“ It was like Sherlock was with him in the same room, standing near him.
He startles when he sees Sherlock standing behind the door, watching John’s bare torso intently.
There are thousands of people who don't really care whether he likes his tea milky or sweet (just pure black, thank you), if he likes listening to pop or classical (he really doesn't mind, it depends on his actual mood – but Sherlock's playing is wonderful at most of the times), if he prefers women or men...
John licks his lips and inclines his head. He doesn't recognize the man at all.
„It’s mine.“ He didn’t feel like talking to anyone right now.
“I have the pleasure, yes,” Victor basically purrs his answer. What the hell is this about?
John smiles.
"I don't understand the mechanics nor the reasons, and even though I find it really amusing that you are not able to give me an answer immediately and without difficulties, while
“Wait a second! I need a proper cuddle, not just a peck!”
A flash of light and a translucent image of a human figure apeared near John’s chair. Sherlock frowned, leaned on the wall and tried to understand what he was seeing.
Truly English, aren't they?
"Not really, no," mutters John.
John silently grasps his cock and gives it few pumps, observing Sherlock’s reactions. What he didn’t expect was the effect of Sherlock’s speeding breathing on John’s own arousal. He moans and closes his eyes for a moment, when the detective puts his hand on John’s shoulder. John opens his eyes and stares at Sherlock. Every moment, there are less boundaries between them left. How far will Sherlock push?
Warning #2: This *cough* story ended in such a different way... I reeeeally don't know how this happened. Rating changed to Explicit, for I'm not sure if this actually is E or M any more.
The guy is watching him intently, frowning as well, but rather because of confusion.
John tries to imagine a ten-year-old who'd know nothing about it and has just found out. He broods for a while, thinking about that if he ever had a son, he would try to comfort him and tell him about it more...
Sherlock sits there, thrums his violin from time to time, looking a bit lost.
“I reckon this is the moment where you touch yourself.” Sherlock licks his lips and directs his sight to John’s erection again.
"Tense, sometimes?"
That is interesting. He covers up again, staring up blankly, deducing himself.
Sherlock grabbed his hair in his fists and groaned.
He puts off the instrument and grabs John's laptop, looking for temporary files from internet. John is an average man of his age and concerning his lack of sex recently, he must have look for it elsewhere.
"Yes, I know." He grabs his mug and goes to the lounge. Sherlock stands there, nibbling at his lip, spreading strawberry jam on a toast absentmindedly. Did John see?... Did he hear something?
Sherlock takes  a deep breath and as patiently and slowly as he is able to behave right now (not much, not really), he walks across the room, sits down in front of John and blinks few times.
"That's really very personal question, Sherlock." He answers and chuckles a bit. But Sherlock definitely doesn't know a thing about boundaries and keeps staring at him. "Mostly about someone touching me. Or kissing me. Or both. Or having sex in places I've never had sex before."
"Honestly, John, are you even awake?" He ruffles his hair and groans. "Really simple question, do I have to write it down in hieroglyphics or maybe in pictures to get a simple answer?"
"My parents divorced and I had to move with my mother." He shrugs.
Wait.
“You’re leaving already? I hoped for some details on Sherlock’s behind the scenes life,” he smiles crookedly. John scoffs.
“You know what I mean.”
“Very well.” He grins and strides to his bedroom. John gazes dreamingly in front of himself for a minute.
John laughs shortly and pinches his ear. With a low "ouch" he shakes his head and leans forward, resting his elbows on knees and rubbing palms over his face shortly. Sherlock narrows his eyes, looking slightly uncertain of what that gesture meant. John notices.
“Damn!”
"And what?"
said another voice.
He sighed heavily and outstretched his arm, fingertips barely touching the floor.
"Really?? Do they do it without a proper cause? And how could they proceed?"
"Well,
"Oh that was just to make sure I really was awake. Now, are you actually certain there is no another meaning to your question? Anything I could have misunderstood? Because, frankly, I'm a bit perplexed of what you have asked about."
He blinked several times and tried to sit up, but failed. He sighed, rolled on his side and looked at the floor. A brown stain. Tea, probably. Yes, there’s a cup, its bottom up.
Sherlock doesn't notice when John leaves again, but suddenly he is alone in the lounge and the dark outside suggests it is quite late.
The voice... The voice! It was like John and yet it was somewhat different...
After a moment he looks at John, who turns off the water, suddenly cold.
"I think I can imagine several jobs of that description..." John says hesitantly and sips his ridiculously sweet coffee.
They eat their breakfast silently and shall we say, a bit awkwardly. Then, just out of the blue, Sherlock clears his throat.
Sherlock waves his hand dismissively.
It was John. It had to be.
"It's ok, it's just a dream, Sherlock," he whispers and then...
. Please.” Sherlock slips his finger between John's cheeks and touches so... much... lower.
In that moment John comes in, looks at bemused Sherlock and with a shake of his head he carries bags with food in the kitchen.
his weak mind whispered,
John blinks and sips his tea.
Molly was quiet for a while and John looked at her with a slight frown.
John only grunts, “Hnnnng... Ahh y-yes... Sherlock –
"And?" John shifts slightly and what the hell, did he just asked his flatmate what was his first wank like or what?
A stain of dried liquid, brown. Tea, probably. Oh, yes, there’s a cup, its bottom up. This illness was quite mingling with Sherlock's brain. Thinking was slow. Sight blurred.
The tiny voice continued.
are the far-famed Three continent Watson, I will wait a little longer for your two imperceptible brain cells to put together and think of an adequate answer." He stops near the window and turns around, looking at John. "Well?"
Sherlock dries himself as well and opens the door, watching John expectantly.
John frowns a bit and chuckles shortly, and Victor smiles.
He's never, ever, experienced so many confused feelings of his own, he was quite sure of his orientation. Until few weeks ago.
"John!" Sherlock is behind him in an instant and catches his shoulder.
Sherlock gasped as he watched hazy memories of John.
That wasn’t accurate.
"We're out of honey," Sherlock says and takes his violin, caressing it mindlessly.
That's why people do it. Sometimes they do it even though they're not..."
But then, the memories came back to him like a huge wave. Hazy, lustful, oh so lovely memories of one night, when they made love, when John took him.
Sherlock shivered as something in his mind laughed. And then he remembered…
„John… John,
I'm finishing this story after two years, oh my... O.o I'm afraid my written English hasn't improved at all, but still. WIP needed to be finished so here we are.
He suddenly remembered the first day with John in 221B, when he pointed with his cane at the skull and then Sherlock said, „Friend of mine. Well, I say friend...“ The memory was quite clear.
And yet.
He swallows a hot gulp, which nearly burns his throat.
"I see," he replies and they both look aside.
Sherlock fell asleep right there on the floor, shivering, but so very, very tired he barely noticed.
John licks his lips and looks at Sherlock.
is ringing in John’s ears, when he turns to the door to close them before undressing completely.
He took his gown and crawled slowly to the door, hoping that John would be right in the living room and that he would hear him calling.
"It's nothing. It's just... It's nothing." He smiles and starts to turn once more, but Sherlock takes his hand and John flinches, "Sherlock, what the hell –"
„John, did you call help? Because I’m really in need of... Medication, at least. You’re ill as well, as I can hear.“
John looked at Mrs Hudson, who held a herbarium in her hands.
Heart rate – elevated, that he can tell. Sweating slightly, even his hands are a bit damp, and his hands are never damp, that is vital for most of his experiments. Breathing quickened... And down there is a clear evidence of arousal.
"I'm afraid I'm not able to talk about it. It's... really private. But let's say it has something with posh and utterly rich people who get bored so often they need somebody else to entertain them."
“Tell me. Please.”
He lays there, grinning contentedly, and when he hears a clink from the kitchen, he wipes himself clean, and dresses up.
the time, everything in a loop which hardly changed, and only slightly.
“Of course you did, John.”
And he sees Sherlock, eyes shut, mouth tight, his body trembling. His hand is moving furiously over his cock and after several seconds he gasps, mouth slack and head falling back, grunting deeply and he’s finally coming, spraying John’s thigh with his cum.
"John! Good morning! Have you slept well?" Sherlock almost
Just the carpet on the floor, John’s chair and there, on the mantel, two skulls.
Actually, if he thought about that, he hadn’t heard anything at all, and now…
He almost choked himself with dry crumbs of his morning toast and isn't quite sure if he shouldn't have left it that way. He thinks he is far too old for the bees and butterflies speech and if he was dead he would have definitely avoided that sort of conversation with Sherlock of all people.
Different.
“I mean it,” John continued, swallowing awkwardly. “It’s… good, that you’re laying off a little. Sometimes you know things about me faster than I do, and… I dunno. I’d like to work my own stuff out, sometimes.”
… betrayed.
“Oh… actually, I’m rather enjoying myself, now,” Sherlock said, sounding a bit confused about it but then grinning. He was a little flushed, but didn’t appear too drunk. “I’ll stay for a bit,” he said, nudging John’s arm. “I’ll be back shortly - let’s see how many more times I can get pinched!” And then he
Apparently done checking his phone, John set off again and Sherlock fell into step behind him, mood plummeting. He should turn back, go home, not torture himself by seeing what she looked like. Another curvy smiling feminine rival… except they weren’t rivals, not really. Sherlock had no stake in the game as he was not allowed to enter it.
thought John, trying to keep his temper in check.
“Hey, remember the party tomorrow night,” John called down the stairs from his room. He was just heading to bed after a nice calm evening in 221B when he remembered that he would need to nudge his antisocial flatmate into attending.
Gay friends.
“Alright that’s enough,” he told the table sternly, putting a hand up. Donovan grumbled a bit, but they all smiled good naturedly. Molly looked a bit concerned, but John shook his head slightly as he turned to Sherlock.
But… no. Not a stranger. John had reacted as if he were, but was now calming down. Smiling self-consciously. Sherlock squinted in consternation as the newcomer appeared to touch John on both arms, hands moving quickly… there was something about the stance, the height, the hand movements….
“OK, great.”
John tried not to look at Greg, who was creeping up behind Sherlock. “And I told you - that was a bad idea.”
it went on, as he selected a suit at random and began to get changed.
Sherlock froze, suddenly hyper-aware that his fingers were interlaced with John’s. Bailey was looking between them, amusement dripping from every pore.
to give him a pinch.” She too then headed for the bar, and John heard her calling Sherlock’s name.
There were more little glances and smiles when Sherlock was working on his experiments. He paused for longer when handing something to Sherlock, he sat a little closer when they watched the TV. He bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his shoulder, Sherlock’s knees with his knees. He laughed more often, and for longer. He found things to brush off Sherlock’s shoulders, and even on one heart-stopping occasion something to pull gently out of the back of Sherlock’s hair.
“Yes, I did,” John said after a moment. “So… thank you.”
“You’ve got toothpaste on the silk, don’t want it to stain…”
“Oh.” Comprehension dawned, quickly followed by faint annoyance. “You said you would call in a favor - going to a party isn’t a favor.”
Maybe the toothpaste wasn’t going to leave a mark. John Watson, however…
Eventually.
John,
“Wow… I can see why everyone thinks you two are a couple.”
John Watson… was out for drinks with friends, just as he had said. It was just… Sherlock had not known that he had these kinds of friends.
“It wasn’t the attention of drunkards that made me want you,” Sherlock said, clearly. John looked back at him, and realized Sherlock was not exactly as drunk as he had been looking earlier. He felt himself blushing, but went back to Sherlock and grabbed his lapels, pulling him down for another slow, heated kiss. He let his tongue move once over Sherlock’s plump lower lip before he forced himself to stop - or else they were going to be getting arrested outside a pub with their police friends sitting inside - rather embarassing. Sherlock made a displeased little noise, and John chuckled.
Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
Written and narrated by ohlooktheresabee
Artwork by alifetimeaheadtoprovethat -
With one more smile at the other table, Sherlock continued back to theirs and sat in his seat.
Something hot and painful suddenly flashed over Sherlock’s skin, and he dropped his hands and stepped away from the window with a gasp. He felt… ashamed. Ashamed to be standing out here, spying on his friend, watching him interact with these people with a longing so strong that it could have melted the glass that separated them if he had stood there any longer. He staggered backwards, almost knocking over a passing man who gave him a cautious look and then a wide berth at whatever he saw on Sherlock’s face. Sherlock could not even begin to guess what it might be.
“Yes, you are.”
Sherlock felt a flicker of gratitude towards her then.
Confused.
“Oh right?” John asked, taking the stranger’s measure with his eyes. He was shorter than John, but stockier in build - and he was nowhere near as drunk as Sherlock.
He vaguely heard sounds from the kitchen that must have woken him up, then realized he was still fully-clothed. It seemed he had only managed to take off his coat and shoes before the transport had finally had enough and shut down all remaining systems. But why? What had happened… oh.
He stepped away, and John didn’t stop him. Didn’t even look at him. Bailey had a calculating expression as she watched John and was apparently unfazed, but as she turned to Sherlock it morphed into something like… concern.
It was exhausting, holding himself so still all the time, pouring himself into this rigid mould that didn’t show any cracks or signs of wear. It had been a lot easier before John ever came into his life, difficult when he had, and was starting to feel downright impossible the longer their friendship went on. Sherlock wanted to… to… move. Fling his arms out, twirl his fingers, spin in place, all those things he used to do all the time when he was alone but had toned down for John’s sake. All those things that he had slowly eradicated from his physical personality the longer they had known each other, in order to be a better… friend? In order to fit in with what John said he wanted. What John said he
A strange
John’s graphic design contact
“Hey!” Sherlock said, sounding affronted. “Don’t pull me!”
“And then they get out of the car, all these green balloons start coming out too and floating away - one of the two is trying to catch them, and the other is screaming at me that he’s on the way to a party to propose to his girlfriend. We all ended up chasing these bloody balloons up and down the street just so this idiot could make the world’s cheesiest marriage proposal!”
But John… John was being…
“It was nice to meet you,” she said, and that seemed genuine enough as well. John was staring at his laptop, still as a statue.
He took off his suit jacket, revealing the slim-cut purple shirt that John loved so much, and rolled up his shirt sleeves. John gaped at him as he pushed his way back into the crowd.
Sherlock's POV - warning, here be some angst...
He had to stop for a minute and lean against a lamp post as a roll of nausea welled up from his stomach.
“Hmm, yes… well no one ever accused me of being a fast-mover in these matters,” Sherlock mused, but he was still smiling. “Though, I must admit, if you hadn't gone for the pinching thing, I was going to have to take more drastic action.” He raised one hand, and as if by magic a black cab pulled into the street and drove towards them.
Mike was banging the table by now, tears of laughter streaming down his face, and Molly didn’t seem to be doing much better. Sherlock had disappeared off to the gents, but just then John hear a commotion from behind.
“My round,” he said expansively, and there was a little cheer from Greg and Molly. “Anything for you, John?”
“Well that’s already far more than Sherlock and I know about this, so you can definitely help,” John said with a grin. “Sorry I should have told you the other night - everyone we meet gets dragged into cases sooner or later.”
“Because of the pinches!” Sherlock said, glancing back at Ginger. The man had the audacity to make little pinching motions in the air towards them, and Sherlock laughed in response.
can continue this and fill me in later.”
did the woman who said she had been home on a specific night have a cinema ticket from the same night in her rubbish bins?
“Well alright then! One rum and coke coming up!”
“Go?”
Get away from there and back to 221B where things made sense, where he was Sherlock and that was John and they were friends and John was not gay and John was estranged from his gay sister and reacted almost violently should anyone dare to suggest there was anything more than friendship between him and his best male friend or call him a ‘confirmed bachelor’ or…
“There,” John said with a smile in his voice. “Hopefully it won’t leave a mark, now.” He stepped away, and somehow Sherlock managed to remember how to breathe. John went back to the kitchen to rinse out the cloth, and Sherlock rubbed the side of his knee quickly to get the tingling sensation to cease.
Heartsick.
When they arrived at the pub, John easily spotted their group; Greg was wearing an inflatable green shamrock hat, Molly a green dress, Donovan was wearing all black but looked to have sprayed her hair green, and Mike had on a green tie complete with flashing green LED lights. The closer they got to the table, John could hear a tinny Irish tune coming from the tie.
“Um…” he said, no idea where he was going to go with the sentence.
Why the happiness of two complete strangers should only add to his own melancholy seemed at once an impenetrable mystery and so obvious that even Anderson could work it out… but Sherlock was stopped from considering it further as he saw John get approached by a stranger.
“Ah, but you didn’t see the best part yet,” John said with a grin. He clicked open a different tab, where there was another news article about a botched trade to end a kidnapping. Apparently the criminals had demanded cash, but on receiving what they recognized as forged notes had opened fire on the police and tried to leave again with their hostage. The police had prevailed and the hostage was now safe, but…
(See the end of the chapter for
Not a case, then.
it a date, then? Was that why John had reacted so strongly to the question before? Sherlock’s heart sank as he recalled the last time John had put so much effort into his appearance…
“Thank you, thank you,” he said formally, taking a little bow.
“This news story - come on, have a look,” John insisted, now pulling on Sherlock’s arm so that he had to step closer. Sherlock reluctantly leaned forward and got his face close enough to be able to read from the screen.
John set a brisk pace off through the London streets, and Sherlock was able to follow him with minimal effort at remaining out of sight for about twenty minutes. He had forgone his usual Belstaff, instead opting for a shorter grey sport coat to ward off the chill and disguise his usual silhouette. John kept looking at his phone, no doubt following directions, but after twenty minutes he slowed considerably. Sherlock was able to see him more clearly as he stopped outside a shop, the lights from within illuminating him enough to see what he was wearing - dark blue jeans, leather brown loafers, a new shirt Sherlock had never seen before, and his black jacket with the leather details.
“Probably,” agreed John.
Click HERE:
*********************
“Good morning!” John said brightly when Sherlock finally convinced himself to leave his room. He looked decidedly chipper, and a door rattled in the mind palace before Sherlock was able to throw some more locks on it. He hummed non-committedly in reply, heading for his laptop. Hopefully there would have been some kind of grisly murder overnight that he could focus his attention on.
Then why did he care when he was with Sherlock?
*********************
“Really? You sure?” Sherlock nodded decisively, and John felt his smile grow larger.
“Just Bailey then,” he said, irritation lacing his tone. “You and
The laughter and joking continued. The fourth member of their group, a pretty woman with short hair, occasionally joined in with what appeared to be a sharper wit (at least by their body language), but whatever she said couldn’t have been too cutting as it was accepted along with everything else. In fact, John seemed more interested in whatever it was she was saying than Faiz and his companion. John and the woman frequently turned towards each other, John asking questions and hanging on her every word… So was it a date, or wasn’t it? People didn’t go on dates in groups… did they?
“You alright?” Mike asked him cautiously.
“Sherlock? Where are you?” he called, reaching for his jacket.
“But you won’t talk to me,” Sherlock groused, turning back to the screen and jabbing at the keys a bit too forcefully. “You’ll spot a pretty woman and then spend the evening chatting her up. I’ll be standing in a corner hating everyone, and everyone will be hating me. It’ll be ghastly.”
Sherlock fidgeted, then flung his head back dramatically, and sighed.
To John’s increasing agitation, it turned out that Donovan was right. The crowd moved, and John was able to see through to where they were both standing at the bar. Donovan appeared to be ordering a round of shots (if the tray was anything to go by), and Sherlock was talking animatedly to her about something, when a young woman in the queue darted forward and pinched him on the elbow, laughing hysterically. And Sherlock just… laughed back! Like he wasn’t upset, like it was all fine - like it was fun! As John watched, more people in the queue joined in, apparently emboldened by Sherlock being such a good sport, and Sherlock just carried on laughing. He even chatted with some of them, head at an angle - looking through his lashes - and John felt a little bit ill.
“Drastic?” John asked, pulse racing and mind slow. He couldn’t believe this was happening - but as usual, was very happy to go wherever Sherlock led.
Written and narrated by ohlooktheresabee
“That… that was when we first met,” John said, feeling stupid.
“The tradition is that if you don’t wear green to a St. Patrick’s Day party - people will pinch you,” John explained, gesturing towards the bar. Sherlock frowned, still rubbing the back of his hand, but followed along with John.
“It was when you shot the cabbie,” Sherlock said, and John looked back to him, stunned.
The lie had floated down the stairs and into Sherlock’s ears, somehow transferring through his sinuses to his nose and throat and getting a chokehold on his vocal chords. The lie silenced him, and he had moved on autopilot into the kitchen.
“OK, you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” John laughed. “And remember to wear something green!”
And… what?
“They were up a while ago,” John said, leaning in - his body felt completely out of his control, and he didn’t care.
“I’ll come back to your flat and pinch you,” Ginger leered from the bar, and John had suddenly had just about enough.
“Sit down!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Demand to know what the hell was going on? Demand to know why John had lied to him?
“Yeah, I did actually!” John said brightly. “And you? How was the documentary?”
“John…?”
It'll all be OK in the end I promise - but John wasn't only hurting himself all those years with his denials. Hope you can forgive the angst as we will move into happier waters eventually <3
meeting.
*** Edited to add: as this chapter is from John's POV, I purposefully messed up Bailey's pronouns in a couple places. He's still struggling, but he'll get there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“One sec…” John mumbled and got up out of his seat, went into the kitchen and returned with a cleaning cloth. Wrapping the cloth over his finger, he dipped it into his water glass and then approached Sherlock.
Sherlock was walking past John as John typed on his laptop. Usually he would have leaned forward into John’s personal space, got between him and the screen, demanded attention… but it seemed wrong somehow now. The jealousy he had felt at seeing Faiz’s carefree flamboyance and John’s easy acceptance of it only made him more skittish rather than encouraged, and he hated it.
Throat tight as if he were fighting a cold and head beginning to ache, he stumbled back down the street, internal alarms screaming that he had to just
Original music written and performed by Randomwordsonpaper
Part 2 of 3.
“Hardly our usual fare, John.”
The Gay Village?
“Which you can do without me here,” he said, pulling his arm away though John did not let go. “Ms. Bailey, John will explain everything to me later, I have other work to be getting on with.”
***************************
did different types of tobacco turn to ash in different ways?
“Home,” Sherlock confirmed, and John pulled him by both hands back to their table for their coats.
Donovan turned back towards them, balancing a tray of green shots in her hands, and Sherlock was out of view for a moment. When John craned around her, his stomach dropped - the same ginger guy from earlier was now leaning against the bar in her place, pinching Sherlock
“So yeah like I told you on the phone,” John started, walking over and sitting down, swinging his laptop around. He looked over his shoulder as he spoke, nodding his head to an empty chair, encouraging Sherlock to join them. He did so, reluctantly. “We’re looking into these forged banknotes. So here’s a scan of a real note, and here’s the forgery. Apparently they’re using some fancy software to copy the design, but no-one’s really sure which one.”
This link will take you through to ohlooktheresabee's Soundcloud. If you like the podfic, you can subscribe to their author page here on Ao3 to get alerts when they post something new.  Randomwordsonpaper also writes fanfiction -
“Pay it no mind, just Bailey,” he said, but it didn’t seem to make her feel any better. “As I said, I have some other work to do. Thank you for your help.”
Downloads have been enabled!
Demand… to be included?
It wasn’t the usual shout. It was nowhere near as loud a declaration as John had made in the past. Why then, did this quiet statement of facts make Sherlock’s ears ring harder than any that John had ever made before?
He flung his toothbrush back into the holder so hard that it bounced back out again and landed on the floor. He stared down at it, breathing hard, realizing that locking these emotions down was not going to be as easy as it usually was.
“Ah - OK hang on I’ll see if I’ve got something…” John said, turning to go back to his room and starting to mentally sift through his clothes.
“Whoah there, soldier,” Greg suddenly said, grabbing John’s arm. “What’s the matter, you look like you’re going to… oh.” It seemed Greg had now also spotted what was going on by the bar.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I think it’s time for us to leave,” John said, glaring at Ginger who was now openly smirking.
John stared at him, and Sherlock waggled his eyebrows and then laughed, stumbling a little in place.
Sherlock tapped him on the chest in mock anger, and they both dissolved into drunken giggles.
“Well we can’t, not yet,” Sherlock said, frowning.
And if John didn’t care about any of these things when he was out with these people…
“I haven’t forgotten,” Sherlock called back.
“Scintillating,” Sherlock said while opening his laptop. “A veritable feast of facts and information - though hardly able to compete with what you were getting up to.”
“Hey, wait. We’re just going to get into the details…”
“Well… no, not really,” Sherlock said, considering. “I s’ppose we could do it back at the flat.”
“I mean you were out with your army friends - no doubt drinking excessively, talking about sports, chatting up women…” Though the last part might have been true… it had been too hard to tell from that distance what exactly was going on between John and the young woman…
“Because it’s St. Patrick’s Day, all our friends will be there, and you owe me one.”
John was standing up before his brain could send the command, and Greg gave him a shove towards the bar with a gleeful, “Go on, my son!”
“Seriously, you’ve got it all - the bickering, the posturing, the over-dramatics… Are you absolutely sure you two aren’t together? Because it will just about break Faiz’s heart...”
John had at least calmed down when Sherlock had reminded him of that fact, though Sherlock almost hadn’t dared. And should he have to remind John that they were friends? Didn’t John remember?
“We could… Sherlock, what are you talking about?”
“Come on you two, shots!” Donovan crowed, but John couldn’t tear his eyes away. The ginger git was pinching Sherlock with both hands now - little pinches that looked like he was tickling him on the ribs through that blasted purple shirt. Sherlock’s face was red, he was twisting in place, but he was laughing - and he wasn’t leaving.
“You asked me to stop deducing you,” Sherlock snapped, then inwardly cursed. He stared at his laptop screen, clicked some keys just for the look of the thing.
John was going on a date… in The Gay Village?
“And say, oi, hands off my man,” Greg said, a bit of a laugh in his voice. John looked at him then, surprised, but Greg just smiled. “Don’t look like that. It’s obvious, innit? Has been for years… but if you’re not going to do anything about it, then…” he pointed back towards the bar with his shot glass, and John looked back just in time to see the ginger guy whispering something into Sherlock’s ear, hands on both his shoulders.
“You want to stay here, to get pinched?” John asked, incredulous. The swoop of anger running through him was rapidly turning into acid, at the thought that Sherlock actually wanted the attention of all these drunken idiots, for once.
Sherlock’s confusion came and went disconcertingly often over the next week. He was still… unsettled, when he thought back to what he saw through the window of
“Want some breakfast?” John asked, following him with a plate and leaving it next to Sherlock on the table without waiting for an answer. There were two pieces of buttered toast on the plate, just as Sherlock liked them. John obviously knew his flatmate very well.
“You sure you won’t stay?” she asked, and there was definitely some worry leaching into her voice. “Don’t pay any attention to me, I’m always sticking my foot in it…”
Sherlock certainly did. It was blared over a loudspeaker somewhere in the depths of the mind-palace on constant repeat.
“We’ll have to talk to a graphic designer,” he said, mentally flipping through his London connections but drawing a blank.
Sherlock was just about to stop and turn back in a last act of self-preservation, when something that had been nagging the back of his mind finally made itself properly known - yes the streets were more crowded, yes there were happy couples, but there was something... different…
“I told you, you’re supposed to wear green - some people wear green underwear and flash people all night,” he said. Sherlock looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language.
He seemed to be hating a lot of things recently.
“How did they know that the cash was forged, if it’s only identifiable as the ink degrades?” he wondered out loud. “And where did the victim’s family get the forged notes?”
“Oh don’t worry you’re definitely special,” John said coyly, and suddenly Sherlock wanted to be anywhere in the world but there.
When John had opened the door and gestured for her to come inside, Sherlock felt like he had swallowed a lemon. She hovered a little uncertainly in the doorway and he realized he must look quite foreboding, frozen as he was between chair and door. Dragging up the very last vestiges of his private-education politeness, he gestured towards the table where they had laid out the samples.
“No need - I just won’t wear green,” Sherlock said, starting down the stairs to the front door.
John swivelled on his seat just in time to see a scruffy stranger - with a ginger beard that clashed horribly with his green hoodie - reach out and
“About time!” Donovan cheered, and the others all nodded, grinning.
“Pfft, is that the best you could do?” Lestrade said, resetting his massive novelty hat at a jaunty angle.
A few green pints later and John was howling with laughter as he listened to one of Greg’s stories from St. Patrick’s Days past.
Sherlock - on the
“What do you mean?”
John’s whole table stopped laughing, and he could feel them tense up, ready to spring into action as they probably all thought the same thing; oh,
OR listen to it directly through Ao3:
Let us know what you think in the comments after you listen!
It did seem rather a long time since they had had a case that couldn’t be solved by email…
he told himself reasonably, staring into the room at something of a loss.
He seemed very nervous, almost bouncing in place with the energy of it. Sherlock watched as a couple drew John’s attention. Very obviously drunk, they all but fell out of the pub and started walking along the street, holding each other up and groping each other at the same time. Sherlock found his own attention drawn as well. The couple looked… well, disastrous as only young drunk men who think they will live forever can look. But also… happy.
Before Sherlock could really understand what was happening, John had pulled him forwards by the lapel of his dressing gown and was rubbing gently at a spot of blue toothpaste that had gone unnoticed. He was close - closer than he had been in a long time, maybe ever, his thigh firm against Sherlock’s knee, his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s hair as he stood over him… Sherlock could see the fine hair on his neck, see his pulse jumping in his throat…
“I’m sure they will all cope,” Sherlock said haughtily, opening the front door and holding it in place for John.
Sherlock almost walked into one such couple as he lost focus for a second, consulting his internal map of London.
Part 1 of 3.
But John didn’t explain.
“What was it, then?” he asked, pulling Sherlock to the edge of the pavement and looking up and down the street again.
the voice cautioned as he slipped on a white shirt.
Or at least… let it go soon.
Why was it suddenly ‘all fine’ for John to have gay friends? To be out in the village, in a gay bar? When had the world suddenly spun on its axis to a point where John would accept physical teasing and light affection from an obviously gay man? Didn’t he care anymore how it looked? Didn’t he care people might think he was a bit…
“Why on earth would I do that?”
“It’s just
“Holmes,” she said, nodding, and John turned to see Sherlock nodding back - though his eyes were almost comically wide as he took in her green hair. “It’s not permanent, you muppet,” she laughed, correctly interpreting his alarm, and he nodded again, apparently satisfied.
), and not only did John not go very still and quiet, the way he did when he was very angry… but he chuckled, and blushed.
Not by any degree that other people might notice, and even Sherlock second-guessed it the first few times something happened, but John was being decidedly more…
“Oh,” John said, relaxing again but avoiding eye contact. “You deduced all of that, did you?”
OR listen through Ao3!
This link will take you through to ohlooktheresabee's Soundcloud. If you like the podfic, you can subscribe to their author page here on Ao3 to get alerts when they post something new.  Randomwordsonpaper also writes fanfiction -
“Sorry mate, are you okay? Who are you talking to?”
“What?”
Lestrade yawned, not too pleased to being awoken at this time. Sherlock shushed him.
, something to grab, something to start searching for, because while they were looking at him like a wounded bird, John was somewhere, probably alone and scared, waiting for him to come and save him. He counted on him, that much he was sure about, and so far he was not owning up to his promises of keeping him safe at all times. John was strong, mentally and physically, Sherlock didn’t doubt that one second. But no matter how strong, he was...human. Who knew what they were doing to him as he was thinking.
“Hm. She’s nice. I met her two weeks ago in an antique shop.”
“Yes.” Sherlock rumbled, his jaw twitching, not even bothering to look at the policeman.
Lestrade had never seen him this angry. The atmosphere inside the lab was as cold as the bodies stored in the morgue right up the hallway.
Both the DI and the forensic looked at each other, stunned. They had never heard his tone so honest and his words so harsh. Bewildered, neither of them responded to the statement. Sherlock was now standing, the jar between his hands and his eyes, made transparent blue by the light, perplexed. The case, he could probably solve, no doubt. But the meaning…
16 15 15 18 0 10 15 8 14
“I am not.”
“This..is unfortunately, not, funny, Mrs Hudson. You know who I am.”
“Oh yes.”
Sherlock angrily grabbed his phone.
“You tell me. We’re somewhere near Strapson road, grass for as far as the eye can see, and a jar under a tree.
“I don’t know!” Cried the landlady, shook and disoriented.
And as he was researching on his computer the precise name of the paper his hands were holding, pressing ‘enter’, his screen went black. Immediately, the pair winced in pain as an atrociously loud and screechy voice appeared. It was laughing. Then it became slower, clown-like. The voice talked as if it was speaking to a bunch of dumb and naive children. It said over and over:
He heard a faint gasp from the DI. It wasn’t in Sherlock’s habits to thank him for, well, anything. But one could only be so kind, and he hung up on him, grabbing his coat with a grin on his face. Oh, finally, the game was on.
“So tell me, John. How is she?”
“Why would I tell you?”
“So tell me again. How is she?”
“Alright.”
“Would you look at the camera?”
The lady blenched. Something about his tone made her very uneasy. It was low, raspy, and dark. She felt analysed just by listening to him speak and the feeling of discomfort increased as Sherlock stepped forward.
Wanting a better view of the letter without having to touch it yet, he knelt down slowly, avoiding moving it with the sudden rush of air his movement created. What he was facing was incredibly simple, but ô- so complicated. A simple off-white card, with a big question mark drew on its front page. And indeed, questions arose. He took it, turned it, nothing. Just a giant question mark. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. He smelled it, then looked at its size.
Thinking about Mrs Hudson made him realise it’d be probably best to return to 221B with her (and Lestrade who he sent) and be civilized for once. Plus, he needed thinking, deeply. And a cup of tea.
“Take in as many informations about the ring as you can. I want to know what material it is made out of, the components, the effects of the sun on the particles if any, things like that, corrosion through sweat perhaps, the brand if you can recognize it and if so an address, the number of scratches if any with details about the depth, the price of the average stone, how much it weights and down to the tiniest rash on the skin I want data all the data. Take pictures, multiple angles, with and without the finger and for God’s sake, don’t let Anderson take them or they’ll be painfully useless.”
“Sherlock, dear, you look awful. Tell me what’s going on, please?”
And in a cloak’s shadow, he was gone.
When I turn around, everyone’s gone. The earth is still, dark, lava is tracing its way like a snake between my legs on the ground. No more houses, no more Baker Street. I’m in a sort of hell, and Mycroft is holding a plush. My plush, from my childhood. It’s beheaded.
John’s nails dug into the table.
“What happened?”
The detective threw a barely visible smirk before his gaze focused back on his book.
“I really hope this whole thing is about to end.”
“No, that’s not where John is. He wants to play. Text me the location, I’ll be there immediately.”
John had been pretty harsh on him since he’d come back from the dead. Understandingly so. But Sherlock wasn’t happy about it. He had tried acting nicer than usual, that didn’t suit him nor did it look real. In fact, it made it all the more uncomfortable and fake and neither of them wanted that. He tried ignoring it, pretending not to hear John’s blames and disappointed tones at times but eventually he got tired of it as well. The more he ignored, the more John would make it obvious. Pretending that he wasn’t touched by it at all would have been an erroneous statement but at this point in time, he didn’t know what was left except anger. He was angry. Not necessarily at John’s behaviour, but himself, mainly. He still was coping with the pain he saw in John’s eyes when finally he showed himself to him, the profound sadness covering relief or happiness he might have also felt that day. His fingers tensing, his tired features, lack of sleep, insomnia most likely. His pulse rising, his cheeks getting redder as he realised who was standing in front of him and what it all meant. The flash of pure hate and disgust followed by resort and incomprehension in his blue eyes, the tiny brown splashes that graced his pupils getting darker by the second. This memory was staining his brain. He had loved being reunited with John, but he had hated every second of it. He was responsible for his pain, and this was more than enough reasons for Sherlock to be angry. As much as he loathed feelings, regret was consuming him every day, in his dark silence. He deserved John’s harshness.
Lestrade pinched his lips in a disapproving manner but didn’t say anything. The DI knew better. Molly breathed out an awkward laugh.
Sherlock stood and turned to John’s raised eyebrows.
“I was cooking dinner. I was just about to go get milk in the fridge-”
Mrs Hudson frowned, her heart shaped mouth semi open.
“Sherlock, are you okay?”
“I’m impressed. Witnessing obliviosity first hand, quite unbelievable. How can you possibly not-”
He had finally eaten something that morning. Nearly three days with no food had done some damage to his balance and sugar levels. A french toast with some butter, a cuppa and some biscuits Mrs Hudson had over-excitedly shoved down his throath when witnessing his improvements. And by improvements, she thought ‘
“Stop it.”
“Oh Sherlock, thank you, thank you.”
“So that I bloody know where the hell I am being held captive?” John burst.
“Sherlock!”
“A blur, Mrs Hudson. It’s like getting into water without getting wet. The result of such an act should be obvious and yet, it remains a mystery.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened for the first time in 16 hours. Sitting on the hard wood floor in a lotus position, he hadn’t moved since he came back from the lab. No sleep, no food, nothing but him, himself, and his thoughts. Nothing out of the extraordinary, actually.
I don’t understand.
John let out a confused giggle.
“Mrs. Hudson, for Christ’s sake, to the point!” He snapped a second time, unintentionally squeezing his fingers into the poor lady’s flesh.
“Why would they leave you that letter? There’s no info on it. It’s clueless and traceless.”
“So what, you’re giving him cases? I don’t understand.”
Slightly yellow but straight teeth showed themselves as the guy sat on the edge of the table, crossing his arms.
“I’m not sure what-”
“Oh dear. There is no point. Lucky me, you aren’t Sherlock Holmes. He could probably figure it out, but you...”
Sherlock opened his eyes. He had fallen on his knees, leaning against the hard brick wall, shaking and looking distressed.
“Fine.”
“Oh, you mean, there’s transparent writing on this card?” She questioned approaching the table.
“My reflection.”
“I know, John, I know.”
“I need to think.” Sherlock answered, closing the cab’s door on Lestrade’s protests.
“You hurt me Sherlock. You abandoned me in the forest like bait and made me swallow lies. You made me choke on lies and now I’m stuck and it hurts.”
“Sherlock, you listen to me now!”
Lestrade sighed heavily, looking down at the detective’s coat that lingered on the ground.
“Oh, John, back at it with the same dull question, are you? I already told you there is no use. Aren’t you comfortable here? Do you need sugar with that coffee to bring sense in you?”
It’s Lestrade.
“What for?”
“Naturally.”
“Where. Am. I?”
John looked away from his computer on which he was writing. He was surprised. He knew the detective was bored, but still, him wanting this case was a whole new level of boredom.
Sherlock sighed. Mrs Hudson was right, he was acting like a fool, being even more obnoxious and insensitive than usual. But his rising headache wasn’t helping. Massaging his temples, he tried to breathe in and out, as silently as possible, as steady as possible. That bloody headache. He was miserable and hated himself from being so. But why was
“Are you okay?”
He marked a point. But the doctor always helped him state the obvious he sometimes needed to be stated out loud. Without mentioning his medical crucial point of view. John might have not known this from his confessions – or lack of thereof – but he was much more useful to him than just staying by his side stroking his ego whenever he solved a case. He managed to help him stay focused and find the tiny detail that would make it all much clearer.
“We haven’t
“I thought you said you wanted me to be the first to arrive.” Sherlock said, taking his scarf off. “Oh, hello Molly. Did you try blush today?”
He heard Lestrade take a deep breath but cut him off.
She looked at him, used to being cut in the middle of speaking but still feeling a bit overwhelmed whenever he did it.
Leaning over his microscope, Sherlock calmed himself down, incapable of being steady with his shaky hands.
Sherlock threw his money at the cabbie and got out in a clock’s swirl, narrowing his eyes to protect them. It was a particularly sunny day. His skin looked even paler than usual under that light but his intentions weren’t nearly as weak as his body might have looked. The strength of his will outweighed any physical, superficial condition, and it’s with determination – but caution – that he approached the location.
“Since when are you interested in relationships?”
Jumping on his feet, he stood a second, listening. And there he heard a noise.
“I suppose, yes.”
The old lady looked up to him, torn between shivering from his chilling voice and smirking because the famous Sherlock Holmes was about to save the day once again. And boy was this case the hardest one to date.
“John...”
The jar was of descent size. Glass, no inscriptions or detailing, closed shut with a silver lid. Free to be unscrewed.
“What did you do.” He asked, more as an affirmation, threat in his voice though useless.
“Sherlock-”
“No?”
The next day hadn’t brought much more, but his headache was gone. He had been out, wandering around, all morning, secretly hoping something would pop up. But nothing had happened, and his nerves started to crack a little.
“Mrs. Hudson.
Mycroft smiled.
John’s breathing rose, his face turning red by the second. Either he was going to end up fighting the guy or crying his eyes out.
“He-” She opened her mouth in understanding. “He had no fingerprints. Corrupted genes, medical condition called-”
The echo of a buzzing electronic voice, a blue dressing gown flying in the air and then, nothing.
His legs did the action before his brain could process it. With no warning, he found himself stopped by the kitchen table. He winced in pain, before his gaze explored each corner of the room, locking eyes with no wrinkly lady.
“He’s going to need me, soon.” He said, his eyes lowering on the finger in the jar before showing signs of departure. “Well, have a good day.” As Sherlock came back, he whispered to him. “And try not to lose yourself in this, Sherlock, I mean it.”
“Sherlock-”
“I’d choose my words carefully if I were you. I am a repulsive man on many regards, I must confess, but I am rather nice with my people.”
“Nobody.” He answered with a hint of questioning in his voice, his eyes fixed on the ground where he had thought John was standing.
“You don’t always answer your phone calls or return them anymore as if you didn’t want to interrupt a conversation, you look tired and stressed out but not the kind that tells one you’ve been working hard, no, the kind that takes place in one’s brain and heart, your agenda is now always on you meaning you don’t want to miss a RDV and when I’m asking where you’ve been you always answer the same thing. ‘Out’.”
“So not comfortable then. Do you need a softer quilt on your bed? We can arrange that, you know. I’m no monster.”
“What do you mean he’s the reason I’m stuck here?”
“Of course selflessness and good sentiment are becoming your area now.”
People seemed to froze. Sherlock was red, something was missing. Why couldn’t he figure out what happened to John? Surely something logical might have occurred for this situation to even be existing in his reality. And his reality was messed up.
In a dangerously low and raspy voice, he mumbled:
He sounded genuinely taken aback. Cases were usually taken by the both of them, not just him. On his own.
“Dull.”
The detective took in a big breath, shaking his head as if he wanted the thoughts to stop hanging off his head before giving the jar to Lestrade.
Lestrade and Molly just stood there, witnessing the scene, but Sherlock could clearly hear John’s laugh in his head.
“Exactly. Oh.”
Sherlock sighed. He was bored. No interesting case for the past few weeks. What were murderers thinking? Surely not about him.
“Look how you care for Sherlock Holmes. I’m almost touched.”
It had been a funny surprise, having his brain imagining John’s answers and input as if he had never really left, but he now wasn’t so sure about the fun factor of it all anymore. If anything, it was making him nervous, and nervousness wasn’t an emotion Sherlock was particularly fond of. Tension during a chase in town, fine, restlessness due to intriguing cases, no problem, but actual nervousness, doubt, fear, he couldn’t deal with it properly, he knew that, that’s why he needed John. He, out of all people, could help him calm down and prevent those emotions from rising in the first place or having to be dealt with...illegally. Improperly. In harms way. But the one man he precisely needed was the one that made him feel all of it. Well, he wasn’t the one, not really, the bastard responsible for his abduction on the other hand…
“I have eyes.” The detective answered bluntly under Lestrade’s slightly worried gaze. Sherlock wasn’t very good with people, he feared his next words – rightfully so. “You might reconsider the shade, it drains you. What are we looking at?”
He grabbed her waist and while walking back to the living room, dead serious, he mumbled:
He paused at the top of the stairs, short of breath, and turned slowly without making eye contact with the landlady.
“You’re here, because I want Mr. Holmes to find you.”
“Sherlock, I’m not here to be ridiculed by your annoying brilliant mind.”
“Thank you.”
The tall man stopped abruptly. His face dropped. Lestrade worried.
The blue eyed man looked neutral but slightly relieved. After letting her cry for what seemed like eternity according to him, he took her by the shoulders and asked in a raspy but clear voice:
“Don’t you dare talk about him.”
“Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock took the letter in his hands, showing it to the landlady. She gasped.
It’s true. John is standing on one foot, the other one is stuck in a game trap, a hatch. The game is on. I find it funny somehow. It must hurt a lot, though. I think it used to be a cane.
Sherlock closed his eyes, taking a big breath, raging, and grateful he wasn’t holding the jar anymore as he might have broke it with his bare hands. Without turning to face the newcomer, he spat vicious sounding words while maintaining eye contact with Lestrade – who clearly looked taken aback.
Sherlock was led up the harsh silver metal stairs towards his new room as Dr Hudson described details of where he was staying . Sherlock just nodded and occasionally ticked random nonsense, constantly embarrassed by his unwilling outbursts . “ wait I forgot do you have a phone ?” Dr Hudson asked him . “ yes I do !” He ticked , his voice higher than usual “No no I don’t “ Sherlock quickly said . He looked towards the small woman hoping she’d understand that it was merely a tic . She apparently did , judging from her smile and posture , “ good because they are forbidden” she continued. Then the two walked in silence until they reached his new abode .
“Praise be to the God, and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comforts, who comforts us through all our afflictions so that we can comfort those in any afflictions...” the priest solemnly read through Mycroft’s annoyingly religious passage. Sherlock tried to stay silent he really did. He bit down upon his lip, his snow-white skin turning pinker by the second. Funerals were supposed to be silent, everybody knew that, it was common curtesy to not say a word unless it was you speaking on the podium. However, Tourette’s wasn’t an easy condition to manage ...
Sherlock began quietly throwing his belongings into the huge duffel bag he brought with him . Jim grabbed the rucksack he had yet to unpack and fondled with the razor in his back pocket as he waited for Sherlock .
John and moriarty meet
...........................................................
Jim lead Jake over an isolated little bridge that overlooked a tortured looking play park .” I guess this is where the depressants and suicidals hang “ Jim smirked to himself , completely blocking from himself that he was basically describing himself . Sherlock was about to answer then an overwhelming volcano of tics washed over his body . “CUNT!” He basically shouted . “Excuse me ?” Questioned Jim practically forgetting about his roommates Tourette’s . “ SUCK MY DICK !, sorry sorry it’s in Tourette’s “ he ticked then quickly apologised to the smaller man . “ you’re like a parrot “ Jim laughed without thinking , Sherlock just cracked him up , but maybe it was because what he ticked was something he’d actually consider .
Jim was stood  upon the sparkling white tiled floor , as he stared down at his scared arms ; without expression upon his Snow White face . A contraband razor blade was in his shaking fingers . Although his first day at the centre wasn't going to bad , his urge to cut was stronger than ever , as his stomach growled painfully . He smiled at the pain , it meant he was losing weight he thought happily . Yet he just wanted to hurt , he knew his time in the centre was only going to end up horribly . He pulled his black shirt above his shoulder so he could cut as high up on his arm as he could ( that way no pesky workers could comment upon it ) and sliced three identical grooves into his spoiled skin . Lovely luxurious blood spilled down his arm as he heard Sherlock tic quietly from the bedroom near him . Shit , Dr Hudson had called him an hour ago and told him to go to lunch with his new roommate , since John had ran off somewhere . Jim wiped the fresh blood off his arm and pulled his black shirt over his fresh cuts and entered the bedroom .
" Right who wants to drive " smirked Jim as he loaded the boys bags into the boot of the silver priyus . Sherlock shook his head , with a quick unconscious squeak escaping , as he opened the back door and threw his zombie like the figure and eased his sore body onto the three seats . "I'll drive " offered John , climbing into the drivers seat . The opened and closed the door twelve times almost screaming in frustration at the annoyance of his OCD. Jim smiles sliding into the front passenger as soon as John had finished . His skinny face glanced towards the backseat smiling at Sherlock's fast asleep body curled into the leather seats . " Alright Clean freak where are we heading " Jim smiled , trying not to laugh as John was wiping the steering wheel with a clean tissue and his handsantiser before he could drive . "Not funny " John huffed " but right now I could do with a subway " Jim looked confused at Johns request . " They wear gloves there and a lot are open all night now " he smiled putting the car into gear . Jim's ginger presses the button for the rock station on the radio as John began to , very cautiously , drive out of the centre .
Sherlock freaked what is Jim was to react like his own brother . He jumped backwards scared of what the Irish boy was to say . Jim stood a metre away from Sherlock and just smiled . " Stop panicking cracker boy , and thank you " he smirked , washing his face in the nearest sink . Sherlock smiled 'what a random nickname' he thought to himself . Sherlock shoulder jumped as he admired the Irish boy in the graffitied mirror above the sink . Jim noticed Sherlock's eyes gazing upon him and his heart flutter within his chest . "Come on then , let's go see what mr clean is up too " he laughed . The two young men opened the door ready to forget the past events -if they could . Unsuspectedly , they walked straight into Dr Hudson and a burly looking mn with a grisly disappointed look upon his face . Dr Hudson stared straight into the two boys eyes , as they looking guilty and confused. " Jim you are aware our facilities are monitored by cameras to assure your safety  ?" Dr Hudson said eyes not leaving Jim's face . Jim's. Face set into its accustomed mask but his skin turned deathly pale . He shrugged . Sherlock noticed the sweat beads beginning to form again upon the Irish mans head . Suddenly he ticked "NAZI OFFICERS!" out of nowhere directing Dr Hudson's attention towards him . "Sherlock you can go I have to talk to Jim about his little stunt just now in the bathroom " She said ushering him away . Jim flashed Sherlock an adorably sad smile as he started to walk back to their room As  Dr Hudson started to lead Jim away .
Sherlock’s mind clouded with doubt at his actions yet relief washed over him as he finally could calm his mind .
The woman looked after John and sighed - Sherlock deducted she was obviously new to her job due to how she was handling the situation . " Is this yours ?" She asked tiredly pointing the bottle at Sherlock . Sherlock gasped and looked shocked . He denied the allegations immediately . " Thats what I thought ... John you're having roommates whether you like it or not !" She slightly shouted and left the room . "HAHA" He ticked in response to the woman's shouting . Sherlock sighed and sat on the bed as a wave of tics began to surface . " I don't know why your laughing this is all your fault " John yelled at him , re-entering the room . " what did I do ?" Sherlock Questioned angrily , he couldn't help what he had ticked earlier after all . Sherlock started ticking aggressively unaware of what exactly he was saying and doing but feeling his neck cramp up with repetitive actions . A waterfall  of abusive was streaming from  Johns mouth , probably in response to whatever Sherlock was doing .
John was busy organising his food making sure the individual portions didn't touch and that the meat and peas were on different plates . A coughing sound suddenly interrupted his manic thoughts ; he looked up.  His crazy curly haired roommate was staring down upon him . " Um can i sit here ?" Sherlock asked meekly . John nodded almost happy for company for once . Sherlock smiled at him , casting his eyes down as blush filled his cheeks . John noticed the way Sherlock's cheeks turned as red as a tomato when he looked at him and instantly blurted " I don't like men if that's what Dr Hudson  told you " . Almost immediately he wanted to die (figuratively not literally) , why did he say that ? It wasn't completely the truth .... " No she didn't " Sherlock mumbled in return casting his eyes down to his meal . John continued to eat his separated meal .
It took Sherlock rather too long to realise where Jim had ran off too , and ran towards the nearest bathroom as soon as reality hit him . The sound of vomiting hit him as soon as he entered the baby blue bathroom . The stench of death followed . Sherlock stood silently outside the door trying to fighter out what to say to the poor anorexic boy , he had offended. Jim gasped for a minute emerging from the cold toilet bowl , after throwing up most of the contents of his constricted stomach . He then shoved his skeletal fingers into his throat again , still feeling as bloated as ever . Jim heaved nothing coming up . Sherlock rapped his fingers upon the turquoise door , needing to intervene before the poor boy caused himself serious damage. “ Jim , I’m sorry can you come out here , please stop - he paused to tic a weird squeaky noise - please stop doing that your so skinny honestly it was only a tic “ he said considerately . Jim lifted his heavy head and red rimmed eyes and slightly smiled at the taller boys words . Maybe , just maybe he was a person to trust . Jim unlocked the door -disheveled hair and face flushed - and smiled at Sherlock . The depressed anorexic smiled again , for the second time that day because of the curly haired stranger .
The priest was on about everybody coming together or something like that but Sherlock couldn’t concentrate, the urge to twitch was burning him up inside, he was a volcano about to erupt. “Shut up, you fucking paedophile!” Sherlock flooded with embarrassment, regretting the words the instant they escaped him. He winced at the harshness of his tone pushing his hands further into his knees, hoping he’d sink into the floor. Another twitch ran over him forcing his body to scrunch and shiver. His face glanced towards Mycroft *the perfect brother * and he saw the expression of embarrassment over his features. He carried on chewing his lips to shreds, eyes brimming with tears. His musician’s nails dug into the oak of the bench as he rocked himself needing some kind of control as another urge built. After the inevitable awkward silence because of his untimely outburst the priest continued to speak. Sad but sweet words about how she was always there for those that loved her. Sherlocks face scrunched and a piggish snort and whistle entered the quiet space when Sherlock heard his name. Quickly he shook his head, to blur the images and expressions spreading across the priest’s face. “Cunt licking fucking faggot!” An annoying tic then brought itself to the surface as Sherlock through his arms and legs out in a childlike motion. “You dye your hairy pubes ginger!” Sherlock gulped. Mycroft tugged his tie face turning beetroot, the funeral guests whispered remarks of anger and judgement and Sherlock felt like an outcast. He motioned for the priest to continue.
“ I assure you I shall speak to them before they arrive . However it is up to you whether you all get along “ She replied . They walked up fifty sparkling stairs , John counted each one just to make sure it was right .
The three of them managed to reach the car without any further problems .
Sure, there was different types of medication and alternative healing therapies people could take to help with the tics, twitches, urges and outbursts, but none of these worked for Sherlock. So, he sat there, hands between his knees, in his brothers hand me down expensive business suit. His haystack of curls bounced as his shoulders jumped and face contoured, small twitches were spiralling down his body as he tried to hold in much bigger ones. He bit down harder until that familiar metallic taste filled his mouth. His ocean pool eyes had started leaking, the one day he wished he was normal, the one day he wanted to hold it together, he was struggling.
John bolted from his bed , utterly confuse at the scenario in front of him . Sherlock seemed to be having a seizure or something , whilst Jim stood there a small smile on his face , totally frozen . John jumped into action , and ran to Sherlock's side . He pulled a pair of latex gloves from the side , before touching the boy upon the floor . "SHIT , NO NO NO " the fallen man screamed as Johns now protected hands grasped his arms stopping Sherlock from hurting himself. " Calm down , Calm down , Calm down " John whispered managing to stop at three repetitions . " Just try and breathe I presume this will pass I'll be right next to you " he said . John felt that wasn't enough and followed through with the compulsion repeating the past three words 11 more times .
John stood up to storm from the room , an OCD whirlwind trampling his rationality . He ran to the door ready to exit but once again he was unable to do one simple task . He slammed the door once , hoping that gorgeous feeling of relief would flood through him , but no that wasn't enough . It was never enough! His angry exit was transformed into an OCD meltdown. He slammed the door twelve times , feeling the countless eyes all on him . But then he was out . The feeling of disgust and contamination still filled every inch of him . John ran as fast as a cheetah to the nearest bathroom ...
“Why are you here ?” John stated abruptly , but he needed to know why this adorable curly haired man was in a place like this .
.............................................................
Sherlock entered on his own he didn’t really want Dr Hudson announcing him , he wasn’t really sure why , but this way he felt more comfortable. Sherlock entered the pristine room , his violins fingers hidden under the cuffs of his grey trench-coat . Two men around his age were talking upon white beds . The room just felt clinical , especially with the stench of bleach . He cleared his throat ,surprised his tics were staying at bay ,  the two young men turned around and looked at their final roommate.” Hello I’m Sherlock  “ he announced almost timidly .
Sherlock cleared his throat , feeling his tics begin to emerge like wasps from their nests . “ sorry?” He asked the blonde boy . “ WHY ARE YOU HERE?” John asked again , making sure he was speaking clearly.  Sherlock began to answer but before he could the wasps flew out . “ Dwarf fucker  , dwarf fucker  !! Clean freak , clean freak !” He shouted yanking upon his curls at the same time like a child . His fingers curled into two as he physically swore at the poor boy , whilst shouting .
John walked towards Sherlock , weary , the gloves upon his hands awkward and an awful first impression , but he just couldn’t become contaminated.
Jim watched the events unfold in front of him. ,  he didn't help , his issues made him not really able to understand Johns rash decisions and pure empathy , but he liked how he cared for Sherlock ; for some reason he felt a slight tingle when he was around him .
John was searching the street screaming like a maniac . " What's happening here then ?" Jim cackled pilling a cigarette from his back pocket and lighting it in one quick flick . " Oh my god , I hit her , it was a person , probably a pregnant woman and I killed the baby too !" John panicked , running down the empty cobbled road . " John it was just a FUCK FUCKETY FUCK pothole " Sherlock said calmly as Jim leaned against the car bonnet admiring the situation .
An few hours later , Jim was sweating like an animal in a cage , beads dripping down his tight forehead . Sherlock watched him curiously wondering why he was still wearing his thick hoodie in this heat . He was about to ask when the car bounced over a pot hole in the road . " STOP THE CAR " John screamed as Jim immediately pulled the car to a holt . "HELL IS FOR HORSES " Sherlock ticked as it skidded to a stop . Jim laughed as John frantically ran into the road .
So as his brother's car pulled him up towards the facility , Jim didn't care he just gazed down upon the wonderful scars etched onto his skin like drawings on a chalk bored . This wasn't going to help his sick mind it was just going to be an adventure !
Grasping back onto the strings of reality Sherlock felt dr Hudson’s prescience suddenly beside him asking him questions which bewildered his shocked mind . Sherlock answered the best he could , but he was mainly focusing on suppressing the beast that constantly lived inside his subconscious. “ Amy whine-house sucks my cock !” He suddenly ticked out of nowhere .  His sharp cheekbones suddenly changed to an alarming shade of red . Dr Hudson smiled “what would you do if you could better control your ticks ?” She asked kindly . Sherlock thought he couldn’t imagine a life where he could . “ Um finish college ?” He murmured realising he never had even been able to do that . Mrs Hudson smiled and decided that Sherlock was the perfect patient .Sherlock just went along with whatever she said and decided he might as well stay and went to tell  Mycroft his goodbyes
“Ok , follow me I’ll lead you to your room , you shall be sharing with two other boys as the facility is quite full at the moment “ She said , leading him out of the room . John had to open and close the door twelve times before he could even speak - his Ocd was really acting up. “ Are they clean ? becuase I can’t have mess , I can’t have mess .... I can’t deal with mess !” He spoke suddenly nervous as a mouse being chased by  a cat .
