“No, he coated it onto the paws of her cat. It’s a new pet – bound to be a bit jumpy around her. A scratch is almost inevitable. She wouldn’t have ...”
I would like to thank my lovely beta reader, who I have been working with to make this story the best we can make it. Thank you Bubblegum_taffy! You are so perfect and wonderful! <3
“But I shouldn’t have been mad at either of you. I had been so overwhelmed by my heat I wasn’t seeing things straight, I was hurt because I was jealous that you seemed to like Iris more, when I knew that wasn’t true. I was hiding from you while Iris was happy to be by your side and interact with you. If I had just been more open, you could have spent just as much time with me.” Sherlock doesn’t want to make excuses, he knows he was keeping back from John, acting as if Iris was himself, letting Iris do the things he wanted but felt like he didn’t deserve. As if watching from the sidelines he could observe what he wanted without having to commit to anything. “Iris said you wanted to court me, but that you still wanted him and I to keep our relationship and that in the future we could see where it went between the three of us. That maybe you would court him as well if that’s where life happens to leads us.” Sherlock takes John’s other hand into his own, mimicking the Alpha.
He wants to keep the teen on edge for longer, enjoying listening to Sherlock pant and whine out his name. But his own body is betraying him, he’s thrusting and grinding up into that lithe body, his tip once again right up against the Omega’s womb. It drives him crazy to feel himself so deep, to know he can touch a part of his mate no one else will ever feel. It has his inner Alpha shouting out in victory, claiming such a worthy and wonderful prize.
Sherlock takes a moment, pulls out his cellphone, shoots out a text and pockets it again. “Warning Iris.” He says, shrugging before taking off down the alley, long legs carrying him faster than he was running before, leaving behind the Alpha in a cloud of meadow grass pheromones.
Not wanting to taunt him too much, John does smaller licks instead and finds as he does  that he doesn’t mind the experience, it just tastes like skin. He delicately cleans the clear precum from Sherlock’s cock, finding that he likes the flavor. Which doesn’t surprise him considering he likes the taste of his own cum.
Omega is begging for it and he can’t deny him. Will prove that he can fuck his Omega perfectly, can fill him with all the pups he could ever desire.
“Oh, let me guess: I get killed.” Sherlock says it in his most bored tone but it eats at John to know that his answer is most definitely correct.
“What — would you like me — to make him say — next?” John opens the jacket further and a red laser sight dot appears, ready to shoot the Alpha at any moment. Sherlock takes a few more steps forward, looking around the upper deck again, but he sees nothing. “Gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer.” John says, clearly being talked to through an earpiece, once again confirming that he has become the hostage for this final challenge.
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“Of course, developing something like this isn’t easy and there were complications along the way. The best thing I found was a different drug, one that did the exact opposite of this one. A compound that makes an Omega go into an immediate heat, forcing their body to mature, but stripping them of their mind in its intensity. So mindless in fact they either breed or die from the overwhelming heat.” Moriarty doesn’t take his eyes off of John.
Mrs. Hudson eventually has to leave after she runs out of excuses to continue talking to Lestrade. The Alpha’s scent has started to get worse as the minutes pass by. Iris observes him from the other side of the room, wondering why he had never done this before. Lestrade has been in his life since he can remember, yet the interactions between them were sparse. His dad tried to keep him out of the whole ‘detective’ business and that often meant that when Lestrade was in the house, Iris was banished to his room. He agrees that it wasn’t appropriate for him as a child to see murder scenes hanging up on the walls as they solved a puzzle, but he called Lestrade his uncle and yet he barely knew anything about the man. Over the years he had come to use the silly nickname and several times over the years, Sherlock had left him alone to chase a criminal, forcing Lestrade to take Iris home in his police cruiser. So, that was really all he knew, that Uncle Lestrade worked with dad and bought him ice cream when the idiot ran off forgetting that Iris couldn’t pay for the cab home. It makes his dad sound like a bad parent, but he was never left alone. Ever. He was only left when Lestrade was there, no other officers, so Iris knew it was only slightly purposeful. He wonders if dad left him alone to get him used to an Alpha, or if he was supposed to be something for Lestrade. Maybe his dad thought it would be good for both of them. He was right if it was. Eating ice cream in the police cruiser and hearing about chasing bad guys around was some of his favorite times when he was little. Maybe it was his dad’s way of showing him his world but from a different ‘better’ perspective.
He releases his grip on the teen’s hips and gently rubs his hands along the two Omega’s stomachs. They’re both round and full, his Alpha hums pleased with his success. As he rubs them both, he feels Sherlock’s cock hard against his hand, his mate hasn’t gotten off yet and he vows to fix that, soon as he can.
“The cut was made later.” John announces and Iris smiles at him, his reward for getting the correct answer.
His dark curls bounce, pale skin shimmering in the light from the street lamp outside. He looks like perfection and time slows as John admires him. Admires the creature he’s desired and is now taking as his own with reckless abandon. He’s beautiful, inside and out, he’s all that John wants and the Alpha is determined to keep him forever.
“No...” Iris says, then looks toward his dad for confirmation. Sherlock stares at John, squinting, clearly still thinking. His eyes start to shift around and he’s lost to his mind palace. John can help but smirk that he knew something that even Sherlock seems to have unaware of, like when he announced that Iris was an Omega.
As the door closes and the final Alpha has left, John can relax his muscles, tension bleeding out of him as he knows the Prince is safe. He lifts his hand off a hip and runs it through the young one’s luscious curls, causing him to tip his head back against John’s shoulder and purr in bliss. The small silver crown the teen wears falls off his head and lands somewhere to the side, forgotten. “You were so good my little Prince.” He runs his tongue over Sherlock’s neck, swiping it over the Omega’s scent gland and throwing his arm over his hips gripping him tighter when the teenager starts to squirm at the sensation. “I’m so proud of you for sitting still for so long, they didn’t even notice you moved. Must be so hard for you right now, but you were being such a perfect Omega.” He nips at the displayed neck, leaving small red marks from his shirt collar all the way to behind his ears, the dark brown locks tickling John’s nose. The Alpha can feel that the Omega’s slick has seeped through his trousers and is now drenching the front of his own as well.
“ALPHA! Yes. Ahhhh.” The little Omega’s sweet voice cracks and he shivers in satisfaction as he moans once more, his hips angling back as he presents himself to the Alpha.
They finish up with her and leave, bumping into a Beta on the way out who has a bike. Lucy introduces him as her brother Joe and he gets a little aggressive, telling John that he needs to tell the police to get off their asses, clearly unsatisfied with how the case is going. John assures them they’re working on it.
“I’m sorry Iris. It’s not over yet. You’re only going to have a few minutes before your Omega takes over again. But I want you to know that John and I are going to take really good care of you, okay?” He takes Iris’s face into his hands and makes sure to look him right in the eyes, ones that look exactly like his own.
” He turns around, trying to catch a glimpse of a camera or a person. Behind him he hears a door creek open and when he turns, the last person he thought he would ever see steps out of the door.
John shook the thought away. He needed to keep a low profile right now. He didn’t need to bring attention to himself by courting an omega.
John went to their bedroom. The bed had not been slept in but sitting on the night stand next to Sherlock’s side of the bed was a mirror. John had no personal experience but he recognized the signs of drug use. The haze of white powder on the glass and a razor blade. Sherlock had promised him he had stopped using. John had never doubted the man’s honesty. He cursed and turned to go looking for Sherlock.
He didn’t even offer his hand to her. John turned and marched out of the farmhouse. Mycroft and his mother watched the two men go.
The small group of students followed the attending through the wards. Stopping at different beds and discussing the illness and treatment of each patient. John was listening intently and taking notes, when he passed by a bed with a badly beaten man.
John looked at Sherlock for several moments. “You asked him even before you knew of the other man? Why?”
John couldn’t help himself, he laughed. “Okay, but really? He is interested in me? I mean, it’s probably just because I was there to help him after he was beat up so badly.”
Greg looked at Sherlock when realization set in. “Oh . . .” Greg’s dark brown eyebrows traveled up into his fringe.
Sherlock turned and looked at the man sitting at the kitchen table. He could see the man’s shirt was bloody under his open jacket. The blonde’s arm was leaning on the table, his hand resting on top of the 9 mm handgun. Moran’s face was pale and lined. His hair was dirty and sweat had made it stick down to his scalp. He sat relaxed in the chair but it was obvious he was in a great deal of pain.
James Moriarty stood just a few feet away from where the picture frame dented the plaster. He was leaning back against the wall. His suit jacket and tie were missing. His white shirt covered arms and he crossed them over his chest. His right knee bent as his right foot rested up on the wall in a seductive pose.
“Not exactly. I want to be a surgeon. The army is giving the opportunity to become one.” John thought he recognized the voice.
“I am the one in charge here, not you and not his brother, Mycroft. He will learn to respect me and to do as he told. He, just like you, are nothing but toys for me to use and break. Now leave and never contact my bondmate again.”
“I admit it looks just like my handwriting but I didn’t write this. I didn’t reserve any rooms . . .”
There was a shout and a cheer. Then Sherlock saw John sailing through the air. He was flying above the railing and coming down. Sherlock leaned up onto elbow to watch John land on his feet. Bending his knees to take the landing. A broad smile across his face as he looked down at Sherlock.
That was not the last time one of the soldiers tried to treat Captain John Watson as anything other than an Army doctor, but soon the men changed their minds. Quickly, he won over the respect of the men at the forward base with his skill as a doctor and his accuracy in shooting. John pulled more than his weight and played a smart hand at poker. Moran watched as John was accepted by the men as just another soldier.
“Watson, it is obvious that your relationship with this person has hindered your ability to be professional. That outburst was unprofessional. That is not how a doctor behaves.”
“One of the best. Insurance company insisted on it. It would go off if someone took a painting down off the walls. It was blaring because the windows got broken. The owner of the gallery went and turned it off before we arrived.”
The room became very quiet. The women glanced rapidly at each other. John watched as Irene’s grip tightened on the crop. He thought she was going to hit Sherlock with it.
“I love you.” John whispered. He leaned forwards and kissed Sherlock’s parted lips. “I will always love you. Only you.”
John’s teeth closed over the scent gland and bit. The rush of blood and scent flooded into John’s mouth. Sherlock screamed as wave after wave crashed into him. John’s teeth pressed into the omega’s neck again. More blood and scent coated John’s tongue. His primitive mind screamed in ecstasy.
“What do you mean it is the same?” John asked trying to keep up with the abbreviated conversation from Sherlock.
“And just so you know. Your brother, Sherlock, won’t be forgotten either. Jim has a plan for him too. I believe he is planning on having him sent away to work the rest of his miserable life in a brothel. Isn’t that a nice thought to have as you are dying?”
“It was fine when he was just slapping you around. I knew when the time was right, I would swoop in and rescue you from your abuser and you would be so grateful to me. You would fall at my feet and worship me . . .”
“I told you he would eventually get it, Sebby.” Jim smiled and walked out of the darkness and towards Sherlock and Frankie. As soon as he was close to the two men, the smile slipped from his face. His eyes scanning around the club with antipathy. “I’ve been waiting for you, Sherlock. I’m very disappointed in you.”
Sherlock couldn’t stop the smile that came to his face. He grabbed both sides of John’s face and kissed the man firmly.
“I’ve already ordered it. We are also pulling the video from the CCTV cameras of this hospital.” Greg said.
“It is not the plans themselves that are important, Mycroft. But the fact that you were so lax about their disappearance. Have you notified the Prime Minister of your failure to guard the nation’s secrets?” Sherlock smirked at his brother.
“Apparently, he forgot he had it with him when he jumped into the water to save me. It’s the least I can do. I took some of the cotton and twisted it around a long splinter. I’ve been carefully wiping down the gears and springs inside the watch. Cleaning off all the salt and dirt I’ve found there, but I need some lubricant. Some kind of machine oil.” Sherlock said concentrating on the delicate work.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the photo . . . about the threat?” John asked. For the first time since John had been kidnapped he didn’t sound angry at Sherlock.
“No, but there is an option.” James said. He had practiced this conversation dozens of times. Played out all of John’s arguments so he could defend against them. He wanted this. Needed it. He prayed he could convince John.
They hit with surprising velocity. The paintball stung so much, that the man’s hand couldn’t hold onto the gun. The second man turned and was hit in the side of the face. The frozen paintball split his ear and broke his nose.
Moran like this time of day. The time of day when the sky shifted colors from the bleached out pale blue of the hot daylight to the indigo and sapphire blues of the night. The same shade of blue as John Watson’s eyes. Moran stood like a statue watching the shifting hues of blues and purples as the sun set and the stars slowly appeared in the heavens. He wrapped his arms around his chest to maintain some warmth in his body as the evening air chilled him. He sighed as the finally light from the sun disappeared the area was illuminated by moonlight. For once in his life he was happy. He was happy to be here in the middle of a war. In the middle of a land that had not been conquered and probably never would be. But he was happy because he was beginning to believe in a future.
John glared for a moment then stood up and walked over to Sherlock. The omega stopped pacing and stopped in front of John. John’s hand came up hard and fast. Open palm across Sherlock’s cheek. The tall man’s head snapped sideways as the pain immediately radiated down the right side of his body.
“Sherlock! You have just under gone major surgery. Stay in bed!” Mycroft growled at his younger brother.
John woke up late. He rolled over on to his back, expecting to see Sherlock sitting next to him. Sherlock was not there. He was not in the flat and for a moment John wondered where the young man had gone. It was unlike Sherlock to go out without telling John. He wondered if he should go looking for him but he couldn’t. He was late for class and needed to get there.
Sherlock dipped his chin like he had been slapped. A deep frown craved into his face. “You think you are a rebound to me?”
Sherlock saved his life but at what cost to them. Sherlock let Irene trick him. It was obvious that Sherlock allowed her to do so. John couldn’t imagine his bond mate could be so easily duped. As Sherlock laid on the floor struggling to get up, Irene gave a parting jab at the pregnant omega. Sherlock had looked at her naked body and took careful note of it. Sherlock appreciated her figure that he knew her measurements. It stung. The blatant insult to John’s physique. John hated her.
Sherlock leaned forward and whispered to John, encouraging him on. His nose dragged over John’s scent gland. The smell of John filled the alpha and soon overwhelmed Moran’s scent still lingering between them.
“John, can we be . . . our bond isn’t broken and I would do anything to earn your forgiveness . . . but if you want me to . . .?”
“No. Moran works in a pub. He doesn’t work for Moriarty. You’re just saying that to drive a wedge between him and me.”
John opened the gate and walked up the flagstone path to the door. He took deep breath to steady himself and raised his fist to knock on the red door. Before his knuckles made contact the door swung open. John smiled as he saw the silver-blue eyes looking back at him.
Lady Smallwood had waited for several hours. She was expecting Mycroft at any moment when she heard the abrupt knock on her hospital room door.
Roberta brought a slice of cherry pie back to the table and set it down in front of John. “I put some ice cream on it for you.” She whispered as she smiled at John. “Papa won’t like it but I thought you would.”
John stepped closer dancing next to Sherlock. “I like hands, though.” He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s waist and tried to dance with the angry man.
The muscle in the corner of his eye twitched slightly. The scar on his face prevented Moran from letting a smug smile come to his lips.
Mycroft glanced away from his brother for a moment, then turned back. “Jessica was Catholic. Her family didn’t want him. He was placed in an orphanage in Belfast. The Sisters of the Weeping Heart took him in.”
John Watson walked up on to the sterndeck and removed a sextant from it case. He carefully wiped the brass instrument with a flannel. Checking to see that it was in good working order. Intrigued, Sherlock watched as John carefully examined the instrument. He watched as John held the sextant up to his eye and looked through the small square box at the horizon. Then John tipped his head back and looked at the sun. With practiced movement, John’s fingers adjusted the brass arm along a curved index. Then John glance at the numbers on the index. He turned and realized he was being watched.
The two men dozed for several minutes as they remained locked together. After an hour, John’s knot deflated and he slipped from the omega’s body. Sherlock twisted in the bed and curled into John’s body, burrowing his face into the crook of John’s neck.
“Dimmock, what are you doing here?” Sherlock growled. Sherlock maneuvered himself so he was standing in front of John, blocking Dimmock from seeing the younger boy.
He glanced around and the imaginary threats were gone. Slowly John leaned back and let go of Sherlock’s wrists.
He glanced down at the gang plank. Hope had placed two guards on the dock and another two on the ship. There was no way Sherlock was going to be able to rush down the gang plank and on to the quay and not be stopped. His other option was to jump overboard and try to swim to the opposite dock or to the quay.
This is a short chapter to end the story. Thank you again for your support and comments. It is very helpful. At the end is the first chapter of a new story that I'm working on. It is completely different from anything I've ever written. I would like to know what you think.
“Yeah, well, he didn’t know and made a few calls for me. He said you had be transferred up here to this fancy private clinic. I’m surprise you are still here.”
He and James had been sharing the flat in Wanstead. It was a quiet neighborhood and no one seemed too concerned about the two alphas sharing a flat over a vegetarian restaurant. John got used to the assumption that he and James Sholto were partners. It helped explain why he turned down offers from the pretty waitress at the restaurant.
John started to get out of the bed but he alpha growled at him. John narrowed his eyes and went to punch the man. Moran predicted John’s movements and grabbed John’s wrist before the man could swing. Moran twisted John’s arm and flipped the omega over on to his stomach, pinning his arm to his back. Moran laid down over John’s body. Crushing the omega to the soiled mattress.
Mycroft grip tightened on the handle of his umbrella. “I am not one to give hollow threats, Doctor Watson. Stay away from my brother. You nearly destroyed him last time you left him. I will not let you harm him again.”
“John, you are being . . . arbitrary. I’m not always able . . .” Sherlock’s voice was becoming rough.
“Jim Moriarty was bat shite crazy. He treated people like objects. Not real. I didn’t want you to get caught in any crossfire. When you left for the army, I thought it was for the best. And as for Sherlock,” He nodded his head towards the other man. “It really didn’t matter any more to me what ‘appened to ‘im. Moriarty could ‘ave ‘im as far as I cared.”
“It mattered to me!” John’s voice rose. “I cared! Why didn’t you tell me about him? Or about my mum? What about Harry, my sister? Does she know you? What have you done for her?”
Mycroft suddenly seem to realize he was still holding the blanket up in the air. He dropped and melodramatically wiped his hands as if he had been holding something disgusting. Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes again. John wasn’t sure if he should be offended or laugh. He just glanced over at Sherlock and shrugged.
John Watson had insisted on going out on patrol as soon as he had arrived at the forward base. He explained to Moran it would be better for everyone if John was with the squads and provide medical care to the civilians that need it. It would instill trust between the Afghans and the British soldiers if the civilians considered them more as aid than conquerors. Moran didn’t want to let John out in the field but the omega was determined.
A wench walked by carrying several tankards of beer. John grabbed one out of her hands and quickly drank the entire contents while his eyes stayed fixed on Sherlock. When he was done drinking, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
John placed a coin in her hand and her smiled broadened. “For that, you get all night with me and someone else.” She turned and looked at Sherlock. “This bloke?”
“You told Moriarty that he couldn’t take me as long as John and I were together. Victor was murdered after he tried to hurt John here in the club. And Moriarty kidnapped me only after you learned that John and I were not going to see each other after he came back. It was you who was orchestrating everything. It was you giving the orders.”
“I will agree to rescind the conservatorship if you discover who the ‘Spider’ is.” Grinding his teeth as he forced himself to say the words.
A man came forward with a leather flogger. A stiff wooden handle with numerous leather strips dangling from it. Some of the leather strips had sharp-edged metal spurs tied to them. This was a weapon that would flay flesh from a man’s body.
Sholto had learned what happened at the village before John and the men had returned. He went to John’s tent. The heat inside the tent was stifling. It smelled of sweat and dust and canvas. John was standing - his hands on his hips, looking straight ahead.
In the morning he would have to move out of the house because he couldn’t afford to stay there with his housemates going home for the summer term. He hated the idea of spending twelve weeks with his mother and her new husband, but John didn’t have any other options. His sister was fighting with her new girlfriend and John didn’t want to be in the middle of that, and John’s father was dead. He was depressed and frustrated.
Moran spun and saw one of the few items he had taken with him from the army. A photograph he never let leave his possession. He had carried it for months inside his uniform. Later, after he deserted and was set up in Paris, he bought a wooden frame for it. The photo was wrinkled and stained with sweat, but the image was still very clear to see. It was of Moran and John, standing and smiling at the camera. Both men were in their fatigues. John’s shirt was off and he just had on a brown military t-shirt. His muscled upper arms were exposed and tanned. Moran’s left arm was wrapped in a friendly manor around John’s shoulders. His head tipped towards the omega. Their blonde hair bleached by the sun. In John’s arm was the .338 Lapua.
“So you lied to protect me and not yourself? You think you have some way of proving you were here in the flat?”
“Yes, young homosexual male, blond hair, a hundred and twenty-two pounds, blue eyes, minimal intelligence, has a crush on you.”
“Stalking? . . . I don’t . . . why would you be following me . . . you had an omega, you were bonded. I never did anything to make you think . . .”
Sebastian Moran always felt a surge of adrenalin as he pulled the trigger. Watching as the sudden appearance of blood and brain matter spraying outside his target made him tingle all over. A small curl to the corner of his mouth was the only outward sign of pleasure.
“I never cared as much as I care now. With you. I never cared about my partner’s pleasure as much as I care about yours.” John surprised himself by the honesty of his words. He never had care as much as he care about Sherlock.
“Yeah, John. Anything you say. I was thinking it was time to retire. Too many ‘eadaches. I’m gone. I’m leaving now.”
Two months later John was an integral part of Moran’s command as any alpha. Moran stepped forward and stood next to John as the doctor carefully slipped forty-five caliber rounds into the metal magazine of the Browning.
The young man opened the door of the bathroom and waved his arm to show John the body laying on the floor.
John arched his back, shouting Sherlock’s name as his release warmed across their bodies. Sherlock kept pounding into John’s body. Riding the edge of John’s orgasm as he chased his own. John’s arms wrapped around the other man and pulled him tightly to his chest. Even though he was sensitive, he wanted Sherlock to complete in him.
That night John slept on the couch again, but in the morning he found a long lanky dark-haired octopus had curled around his body. John smiled at the sleeping man beside him on the fold out bed. The next night, they shared the bed in the bedroom, but John still kept insisting they take things slow. Sherlock had to content himself with kisses and touches. Nothing more.
“John, you’re being unreasonable again.” Sherlock smiled at his mate. He kissed the blonde’s forehead again. Sherlock would have done anything to remove John from danger. To spare him even the pain of birth.
Greg cupped his forehead in his palm and sighed. “Any sign of Sherlock yet? Any idea where he could be?”
“Baritsu. An eclectic combination of the elements of boxing, fencing, jujitsu and kickboxing. Developed in England between 1898 and 1902.”
“Yes, a sponge bath in between bouts. I also made sure you ate something and gave you something to drink. I put Arnica on your bruises. How do they feel?”
When he learned that Watson and the other survivors of the Maywand were going to desert, he immediately joined them. He knew he would always be safe around them. They had survived the worse and now they would live the best.
“Brother dear, think,” Mycroft said sarcastically. “If John had been here when the police arrived, both of you would be in custody right now. John for murder and you for harboring a fugitive. By forcing John to flee, you are now able to help him. Even if he is arrested, you are at liberty. Everything you need should be on that disc. The investigation report, interviews, autopsy report and crime scene photos.”
John nodded his head and gave the PC his address. He would take Sherlock to his flat then figure out what to do after that. John went back in and sat down next to the bed. Sherlock was asleep and he would probably stay there for another couple of hours while the administrative wheels slowly turned to get the young man released from A and E.
Seb stepped closer but didn’t touch John. The shorter man could feel Seb’s proximity by the warmth covering his back.
James grabbed Sherlock’s elbow and pulled him from John’s cabin. He shoved the young man out the door and onto the deck.
Now that they were technically within John’s territory, the alpha relaxed slightly but still didn’t want to be far from the omega. John wondered briefly how soon it would be before Sherlock started to bristle under such scrutiny.
John glanced over Greg’s shoulder. His heart was still racing. He hated how much Sherlock affected him.
John stood at the nurse’s station as he quickly wrote up his notes in Sherlock’s file. He handed the file back to Trudy who handed him another file for another patient.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment. He wanted to reach out and touch John but he knew he couldn’t. Now was not the time. They were headed into battle and other people were present.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He never said the words to John, but he meant them too. That is why- that is the reason when Mycroft showed the picture to him, Sherlock had to act. He had to protect John. Sherlock made his deal with the devil and he sent his heart away from him. He made the choice, never telling John. If John had known he would have stayed. He would have fought. Sherlock sent him away, never letting John know how much it hurt him.
“I don’t know what you mean.” John’s voice was steady but at odds with the emotions now surging through him.
The man in the skip hesitated as he stared at John standing there. He seemed surprised to see someone else in the alley.
John guided Sherlock over to a table and the two men sat down. John slipped the backpack off his shoulder and set it on the floor beside his leg.
“Sherlock, I never asked you, but why did you alibi Moriarty during the Dimmock investigation?” Mycroft asked. He sat in the leather chair opposite from his fragile brother.
“It is when the last time he got pissed off with someone, he broke their jaw with a single punch.” James smiled.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissing the question. John kept staring at the man. Sherlock actually didn’t look ridiculous; he looked spectacular. He had wrapped the sheet high on his body and bought the corner of the sheet around the back to fall gracefully over his right shoulder. Even with less skin being exposed, Sherlock was more alluring wrapped in the sheet from John’s bed. John leaned back against the counter and let his eyes linger over the bare skin of Sherlock’s upper chest. Then swept them down over the folds of white fabric, wondering if Sherlock had found a pair of pants to put on.
John caught a glimpse of the man on the top of the building. The grey orb of the moon back lit him. A basic mistake for a soldier to make; to be exposed and visible in the moonlight. But even though it was against everything John had be taught, he stopped and stare at the man. His long thin body tentatively revealed by the wind spreading his coat out and away from him. His black curls blending into the inky dark sky. His pale skin cast even paler by the moonlight. He was remarkable looking. Almost gothic in his beauty.
John growled and grabbed for the computer. He slammed the lid shut, unfazed by any damage he may have caused to it.
John and Sherlock waited till they were outside of the swimming pool before they called the Met just in case Moriarty changed his mind again. After relying the events to Greg Lestrade, the detective inspector insisted on John going to hospital to be checked out. John refused and insisted he would be fine at home. The two men argued till Sherlock stepped forward and wrapped his arm around John’s shoulders.
John closed his eyes and steeled himself. “Yes. He was who Victor and I were fighting over last night.”
Sherlock’s eyes were locked on Irene’s. John thought the two had forgotten he was in the room until Sherlock told him to look up the information. John waited for Sherlock to push her away. To reject her. He didn’t.
“And get your brother-in-law a good solicitor. He’s going to need it.” Greg said calmly looking at the pair.
“First off, you will no longer be allowed to roam the gardens outside anymore. You will confined to the interior of the buildings.”
2017.       Ever since Sherlock had seen John two weeks earlier, he had been fighting the inevitable. Since he was laying on that table in pain and John walked in to treat him, memories had been forcing themselves from the rooms in his Mind Palace. Memories he had pushed away. Hidden in rooms behind locked doors.
Mycroft finally turned and looked at his brother. Animosity and resentment seethed from Mycroft. John tightened his hold around Sherlock’s waist and growled louder. Threatening Mycroft until the other alpha bowed his head in submission.
The rating has changed for this story. It is now Explicit. There will be very explicit sex scenes with one in this chapter. Also there will be description of minor character deaths. Be prepared and please heed the tags.
John stood up then hesitated. “Let’s just get this over with. I’m tired of being accused of something I didn’t do.”
“Sherlock, you need to learn that I’m more than capable of taking care of myself.” John said as he stepped closer to Moriarty.
“You keep telling me it was for his own good, but if I remember correctly, just after John left and formally enlisted you had your worse relapse ever. Six months of a drug fueled tour of England. Do you even remember any of it?”
What ever happened, Mycroft needed to find Sherlock immediately. He needed to save his brother form himself, yet again.
“Sargent Donavan was explaining what happened. The taxi driver, Jefferson Hope . . .” John said quietly once Sherlock was close enough to hear. “Two pills. Dreadful thing, dreadful.”
An idea slipped into John’s head. He let the water drain away in the sink as he set the last mug in the drying rack. He turned and looked at the dark haired omega. John studied Sherlock for a few moments. The omega was attractive and alluring; even unique but was he really different from any other omega John had slept with. Maybe Sherlock was like any of the dozen omegas he had known and bedded. Sherlock was just like the others he had been with.
“People you share DNA with?! They’re your family, Sherlock!” John was stunned by Sherlock’s dismissal of his mother’s death.
Again, the omega had ignored the alpha’s order. Moran felt a swell of anger towards the young man. He was used to being obeyed by his men and was never told to wait.
John glanced up for a moment then back down to a list in his hand. “Well, these are the last barrels that are to be loaded. We are leaving port immediately. You will need to get ashore.”
“There is nothing to explain. I was set up. Were you supposed to take me to Moriarty or just use me to get to Sherlock?”
Sherlock finally turned and looked at Mycroft. The older brother could see the internal battle that was going on behind Sherlock’s eyes. He wondered for a brief moment which side would win. Sherlock’s need to end the pain he was in or this innate sense of survival.
Sherlock watched until St. Thomas was a streak of green above the blue horizon. He went and stood next to John.
Greg knelt next to Sherlock. His hand reaching for Sherlock’s neck; his fingers searching for a pulse.
“I should have chopped his head off.” James Stuart growled. His narrow chin twitching at the name of Mycroft Holmes.
John looked down at his closed fist and saw the phone that Sherlock had given him. He pressed the button and noticed there was one contact listed. He opened the file and saw Sherlock’s name and number.
“Oh you met the man. Real piece of work, that one is.” Mike said before he took a bite of sandwich. “Sherlock and I had been going to the morgue for about two months before Victor showed up. First time I ever saw him and he made a point of being as insulting and condescending as possible. Made some joke about me not being smart enough to get through school.”
“I know.” Lestrade leaned back in his chair and gave John a dissecting look. “I’m very protective of Sherlock. And not just because he is an omega. I would be very upset if anyone ever hurt him . . . on purpose or not.”
“Come in.” Mycroft called out ignoring his brother’s petulance. The door opened and Mycroft’s assistant, Anthea came in.
Sherlock looked straight into Moran’s water grey eyes. He saw the ageless need there. The want and desire he was sure was reflected in his own eyes.
This is a short chapter but after I left you with such a horrendous cliff hanger, I thought you would like to know what happened to Sherlock.
“Yes. The fire brigade will be dispatched almost immediately.” She quickly turned and opened the door. The smell of smoke wafted into the room. Anthea rushed out.
Moran remained where he was. He pulled back and glared at Sherlock. “John’s going to hate you for this.”
“I have received news today that Mycroft Holmes will be asked to step down from his position at Whitehall. He is presently banned from MI5 and MI6. We can start to increase the import of drugs through Dover and York from Afghanistan and Cambodia.”
“Yes, you said that. The sun. What does that have to do with anything?” John tried to control his anger.
“I’ll pay you a thousand pounds to take me to England.” It was a horse whisper but John and his crew heard it.
“James, check to see if anyone has heard about information for sale. If anything has happened to someone who works for Whitehall or the Foreign Office. A mugging or robbery. Maybe a murder.” John said.
John dropped Sherlock and pushed the young man behind himself protectively. He reached for his gun. He held it in one hand and his other wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s wrist and pulled the omega close to him.
He said to himself, then realized his doctor side was taking control of him. He walked across the room and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
As soon as Sherlock leaned back against the tub, he reached for John and pulled the omega up against his chest.
“Yes, apparently one of your fellow medical students notified him that you had been detained by the police.”
John did not dare move. He remained perfectly still as he watched the man pull the hammer back and cock the revolver. Moran started to rush forward.
He followed Lestrade into the café and sat down at the small table across from Lestrade. The policeman already had a cup of coffee in front of him. He was warming his hands around the white porcelain.
John blushed slightly. “Well, he is – precious that is. I mean have you ever listened to how to figure things out. How observant he is. It’s remarkable.”
Sherlock could feel the twist in his stomach. He heard a high pitch ringing in his ears as he looked at the photo. He tried to remember the day. It had been a week, may be two, ago. They had just finished lunch and were walking back to the tube station. John refused to use taxies. They were happy and had started to talk about what would happen after John graduated. He was looking at a clinical rotation at St. Bart’s. He had let Sherlock convince him not to go into the army.
Mycroft took one look at the body and turned to leave. The government man was outside the warehouse. He was bent over at the waist and vomiting. He had barely entered the building before he had to flee from the smell and the sight.
“I don’t know about that.” Sherlock smiled. He quickly came back over and handed Greg a picture of a man in a Russian Army officer’s uniform. “Meet General Yuri Litkin. The Butcher of Atyrau.”
Her reading glasses were low on her nose as she was reading the morning newspapers. The remains of her breakfast sat off to the side on a hospital tray. She removed her glasses as she looked up to greet her visitor. Her bright blue eyes smiled when she saw Mycroft walk in.
John sat up slightly. “Yeah, he was stationed with me in Sangin. He was a major back then and my superior officer.”
“I never saw my mother morn. She never cried. I was sent home from school for the funeral. Mycroft only took enough time off from running the country to give the eulogy before leaving again. The house was so quiet and empty. The day after the funeral, my mother was packing up his things and sending them off to charity. She wouldn’t let me keep anything. I left shortly after that. I ran away to London. I couldn’t stand to be there . . . with her.”
Could Frankie Oskar’s conventional and unimaginative appearance been a façade? Could he have been the mastermind behind everything? A wolf in sheep’s clothing? Had he and Sherlock been deceived?
The pain was sharp and sudden. An elbow to his ribs. John grunted loudly and jerked in his seat. He knocked his books over and one crashed loudly to the floor.
Lestrade turned towards John but John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock. The dark haired boy had a murderous look in his eyes.
“We know he was at Moriarty’s before we showed up. Moriarty’s men said he was brought there from the hospital. But he is missing now and you don’t seem to be too worried about it.”
In spite of the fact he would never be Sherlock’s alpha, Greg had done everything he could to try and keep the young man safe. He had tried to keep tabs on him and make sure Sherlock hadn’t fallen back into bad habits. He had scared more than one threat away from Sherlock over the years. Threats that Sherlock never recognized. The people who tried to pull Sherlock back onto the streets. Old drug dealers and new pimps. Ones who wanted Sherlock for their stables and others who just wanted him for themselves. Lestrade had placed himself between those who fed off the runaways and the homeless, and Sherlock. He had been more of a protector to the omega than his own pack had been. He wondered if it was time to reconsider his role in Sherlock’s life.
“I don’t need to tell you what to do next. I’m sure you won’t take my advice anyway, but just to let you know . . . John is no longer part of this game. Don’t go looking for him. You won’t find him.”
“No, it was good.” John pulled out of Seb’s embrace and sat on the edge of the bed. “I just need to go to work tonight. I’m on the late night shift again.”
“And how would one show appreciation to you . . .” He looked Moran over then frowned. “Lieutenant Colonel?”
“Because when they do fade, I will simply put them back on you again . . .” He took his first lick of Sherlock’s slick. The omega squealed at the moist touch. “And again . . .” John took another lick. Sherlock tensed and moaned as his body responded. “And again.” John pushed his tongue in as Sherlock shivered intensely under him.
Sherlock seemed to shrink into the chair. John stepped closer to Sherlock, in an attempt to shield him somehow. Victor took a moment to study the two men. Sherlock was sitting in the chair wrapped in the simple cotton sheet. His shoulders were bare as well as he legs. It appeared he was completely naked underneath the sheet. John stood beside the chair with a towel wrapped low on his hips. He was just as naked at Sherlock and comfortable to be naked around Sherlock. Anger flamed in Victor’s eyes as he stared at the two.
“No. Is that what happened. Someone you were kissing bit you?” John felt a wave of uncertainty wash over him. He wondered who this alpha was that had bit Sherlock. “Did he hit you too? Did he slap your face?”
A small smile came to Greg’s face at the comment, but then quickly faded. “His parents died in a car crash. And left Mycroft to raise Sherlock. Mycroft was anything but prepared for that. He was just beginning to get established and he needed to focus on his career, leaving a frightened and emotionally scarred young boy alone. He sent Sherlock off to some boarding school. I don’t even think they saw each other on holidays. So Sherlock grew up believing he was going to be alone. That there was some reason why everyone left him. If you think about, it explains a lot about the situation between him and Trevor. I mean, Sherlock’s a smart bugger. A great mind but he is emotionally stunted. He was willing to let Trevor do anything the bastard wanted as long as he didn’t leave him. Sherlock was more afraid of being alone than being abused.”
“Colonel Moran!” John rushed forward and wrapped his arms around the older soldier. “I can’t believe it! Oh, God, how I’ve missed you all!”
Tandoor was a thin man with oily black hair. He was sallow skinned and narrowed face. He was the offspring of a British father and a Southeast Asian mother, therefore never accepted by either culture.
The Apache strafed the enemy and allowed the transport helicopter to land. James ordered his men to move back. They’d move back in small groups. The enemy shooting at them the entire time. James ordered his men to return fire. Then they get on the chopper. Some men get on while others protect them. The time drags out as the men get on before it can fly out of there. It sounded so simple and was so incredibly hard. The seconds tick by. It had been a minute and no word over the radio. Then two minutes. Then five.
“No, but I’m not the only one who knows you’re here. You need to find someplace else to go.” Frankie said.
He pulled the flowers from the vase and dropped them on the floor. Then he poured the water out on top of them.
“I need you.” The words felt inadequate to his meaning. He needed words that would truly express how desperate Sherlock was. “I can’t . . .”
Uninhibited, Sherlock smiled wickedly and wrapped his arms round John’s solid shoulders and kissed the alpha. John eagerly returned the kiss. Lingering on the softness of Sherlock’s lips pressed to his. The sweetness of man’s scent folding around John. His fingers finding themselves dragging slowly though Sherlock’s satin curls. Sherlock hummed and tilted his head so John’s fingers pulled slightly tighter on the omega’s hair.
The door opened and the round face of his mother appeared. Her violet eyes were damp with tears. She rushed forward and hugged her son tightly.
“Don’t tease me.” Sherlock would never admit to begging, but John could hear the desperation in the younger man’s voice.
The anger was bubbling up inside the alpha. Twenty months he had worried and feared for the omega. Almost two years since John was taken away from him. Twenty month of living in hell wondering if John was even alive. Not once. Not once had John even attempted to contact the alpha. He could have written to him or called. Let the colonel know he was alive and doing well. The omega forgot about him. Forgot about everything that could have been. Moran cursed and he pounded his fist into his other hand.
“I was temporarily incapacitated but I am more than competent now.” Mycroft said as he gave the gun up.
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Dimmit growled as the door opened. A PC poked his head into the room and spoke.
His phone pinged letting him know he had received another text. It was from Raz. There were several photos. Sherlock opened the file. There were four quickly taken photos. In one, Sherlock could see an external of the building with a large dark car parked in front. He saw several men stepping out of the building. Men were surrounding two others. Sherlock could see John’s blonde hair. A tall man was grabbing John by the arm, pulling him along. The man standing next to him was James Moriarty. The next photo showed John being shoved into the back seat of one of the cars. The last photo was of the license plate as the car passed the camera.
“Yeah but the mast can’t take additional weight even if we had another swing. If we just lower someone on a rope, they would only have one hand to use. They’d need the other to hang on.” Barr said.
Mycroft frowned at seeing the temptations from his favorite restaurants removed, but he knew binging himself right now wouldn’t help his situation.
“You’ve said over and over again that emotions were the corruption in the data, the virus in the computer hard drive. You are now telling me that you are willing to embrace that corruption?”
Sherlock saw a second man at the door of the cabin. The first man answered the second. “Naw, nothing ‘ere but some bloody garden.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No, John. Just for the time being. No strings. You can sleep on the couch. It’s just temporary.”
Sherlock was staring at John’s expression. The omega seemed to have soften. John seemed serene and contented. Sherlock found John was not only calming the child but the alpha too. It was peaceful and soporific.
Sherlock heard John’s voice. He turned and ran up the steep steps to the sterncastle deck. John was standing next to Blackwood. Both men were staring at the other ship.
John’s hand moved up the front of Sherlock’s tux. He unbuttoned the jacket and slipped his hands under it. Pushing the bespoke tuxedo off the man’s shoulders.
Dimmit turned his back and started giving orders for a forensic team to be called. Mycroft was pulled out of hotel suite and out into the street. A photographer was already there to take a picture of him being thrown into the back of a police car.
“And if you do, you won’t tell him about our arrangement we had back when John and I were together.” Sherlock said firmly.
Lady Elizabeth Smallwood turned and walked smoothly away from Mycroft. He watched as she went. Her shoulders square and her waist thin. Even in middle-aged, she was a lovely woman. She was also an alpha. For a brief moment, Mycroft thought what a wonderful challenge it would be to bed an alpha. Then he remember his own parents’ tumultuous relationship. It was a shame. She was a very intriguing woman.
Sherlock saw another flash then the whistle of a cannon ball approaching the ship. This time the iron ball fell short of the ship. Sherlock took off running up the stairs to the main deck. Several crew men were at the railings looking out at the ship parallel to the Morstan. Sherlock heard shouting from the gun deck and sound of gunports opening.
“You haven’t won, Mycroft. You won’t ever win against John and I.” Sherlock shrugged his coat on and twisted his scarf around his neck. “Remember what I said. One hint of you trying to convince me to leave John and I will burn your house down with you in it.”
He had survived the trials of his past and he would survive this too. James Sholto would leave and John would keep going on. Because that was the only option he had. To just keep going on. He knew he would miss James, but he would get over it. He always did.
Undeterred, Greg continued to undo Mycroft trousers. He pulled the zipper down and opened the trousers. Mycroft’s conservative striped cotton boxers were visible. Greg leaned forward and blew a warm breath over them just as Mycroft answered the phone.
Moran heard a soft curse then rustling. The flap was pulled back and John Watson stepped out into the moonlight before Moran.
“Just, sorry John . . . You’ve been my sole thought for the last seventy-two hours. I’m still very . . . focused on you.”
The two men glanced at Sherlock and saw the hatred in his silver-blue eyes. They raised their hands and backed away. Sherlock kept John tight to his chest as he turned and left the club. Pulling John out into the street.
John opened his eyes and looked down over his belly at the man. The doctor was letting a nurse slide his latex gloves on and tying the mask over the beta’s face.
John bowed his head as he held the lifeless form. He slowly started rocking, holding Sherlock closed to him.
They lounged on the couch with the comforting weight of each other. Wrapped in the warmth of the ‘after-glow’. Sherlock closed his eyes and hovered on the edge of sleep as his mind drifted.
Sherlock shrugged and stood up. He passed the detective who was being shown into Mycroft’s office. Lestrade didn’t look at Sherlock as he eyes were fixed on Mycroft’s expression. He set the coffee carrier down with two separate paper cups and white paper sack Mycroft recognized from one of the nearby pastry shops.
“He was gone for three days when I received a note from him. He said he was going to France with a friend.” Sherlock said. He yanked his arm away from Rampant but the alpha immediately wrapped his meaty fingers around Sherlock’s neck. The pudgy digits pressed deep into the omega’s flesh.
John opened the door on the small café and held it as Sherlock walked in. The dark haired man surveyed the room quickly. His gaze moving rapidly over the other people in the small café.
“He is not my bodyguard and his presences is welcomed here.” Sherlock said. Magnussen raised a doubtful eyebrow at Sherlock. “Far more welcomed than you are. The wedding is called off.”
John followed the narrow passages until he found the room he was looking for. He tapped his foot on the vinyl flooring in lieu of having a door to knock on.
“Yes, monsieur, but my friend . . .” Michelle glanced other, but the other prostitute had left. She was alone with the stranger.
Violet looked over at Culverton Smith. The pudgy little man seemed to be oblivious to the fight between the other two. He was nibbling on a biscuit as he poured another cup of tea for himself.
“Or else, I will let Moran play with you for a while. He’s been wanting to break you. And when he is done with you, he will do the same to your little pet doctor. Oh yes, we have him. Don’t worry.”
“I find that Englishmen love to be stoic and refuse to speak when they are the ones being tortured, but they have no stomach to watch their comrades suffering. I’ve heard that you are greatly admired by your men. You saved their lives before. I wonder if they are willing to save yours.”
Sherlock tried to ignore his brother. He unpacked a wooden box and held it in his hands for a moment, seeming surprised he was holding it. Sherlock tried to hide it from his brother. Sherlock dropped to his knees and climbed under his bed.
John finally looked at Sherlock. “No, I don’t think so. It was a clean shot right through the side of his head. We were not in line with the shooter, but . . .”
The three could see Roylott wanting to fight. Wanting to lash out and attack but the man knew it was impossible. He gritted his teeth.
“This is familiar, like I’ve solve a similar murder before.” Sherlock pulled out his magnifying glass and looked closely at Elizabeth’s hands.
Irene stared at his simple statement of respect. She was so used to being challenged by strong men. Challenged or cowered. Never had one actually understood her before. It was like stepping out on ice. Exhilarating and terrifying at the same time.
“And I am the focal point of his vengeance.” Mycroft’s eyes opened wider and his voice seemed at little bit stronger.
John stood over Sherlock on the stairs. Something that rarely ever happened. In the blue light from St. Elmo’s fire, Sherlock’s features took on the ethereal appearance of Shakespeare’s Ariel. Sharp cheekbones covered by pale skin. Silver eyes and black halo of curls. Plump lips that in the blue light appeared dark red.
“Huh.” He says as the news moves on from the gas explosion to the Connie Prince murder. He watches as the houseboy, Raoul, is taken away by the police. Dozens of photographers are there, trying to get pictures, cameras flashing away as the man is put into the back of a police car.
“It’s Babies first time, I don’t want him to be uncomfortable.” John protests but his breathing becomes more labored as Sherlock continues to rub over the head and he pushes in deeper and the sensation, rocking his hips in time to Sherlock’s rhythm.
What John says shakes Sherlock to his core. The Alpha’s words echoing what the bomber had said on the phone. “We were made for each other, Sherlock.” The voice had said, but he hadn’t told John about it. The fact that the Alpha was mimicking the words has him concerned for a moment. He knows that they haven’t gotten to talk about what they are to each other, like they both need, but he had hoped that the fact that he’s literally sitting with John’s scent on his skin would be enough to show that he wasn’t upset anymore. “Sorry, what?” He says instead of talking about what they really need to, ignoring that John is likely irritated that someone else is pulling his attention away from him.
Read all the tags, this chapter specifically deals with the two newest tags of mentioned past rape and suicide. If these are trigger for anyone please feel free to skip the chapter or section, I won't be mad at all if you dont read those sections. Your mental health means more to me than my writing.
Sherlock hates the comparison, makes a bit of bile start to rise in his throat. “Dear Jim. Please will you fix it for me to get rid of my lover’s nasty sister?” Jim smiles and licks his lips, walking once again toward Sherlock, seeming to not care that he has a weapon pointed at him. “Dear Jim. Please will you fix it for me to disappear to South America?” The detective uses two examples from the tests they were given.
“Ah-h-h.” The little pained sounds falling from those beautiful lips hurt John’s heart as he comes back, Alpha pushed to the side, but he realizes what’s happening too late, he can’t stop it now.
“Isn’t it?” Moriarty says, smiling to the point he closes his eyes looking proud. “No-one ever gets to me – and no-one ever will.” The cheerful expression falls just as suddenly as it had appeared with the compliment. The man before Sherlock ever changing.
John hisses, over sensitive from their mating. He grabs the Omega’s head and gently pulls those luscious lips off his cock. He guides the teen up to sit in his lap, the heat sated for the moment. He wants to just admire his new mate, so happy to finally have what he’s wanted for so long. The Alpha runs his hands over the Prince’s stomach, knowing soon it will begin to grow and he feels his chest swell with pride, the thought of having his own pups making him emotional. He lightly grips Sherlock’s face, staring at the beautiful Prince that is now his. He runs each thumb over a delicate cheekbone and leans in for a gentle kiss. It’s slow and perfect.
“True.” Sherlock says and John can hear the smile in his voice. John closes the laptop, he’s nowhere close to finishing the work but he discovered earlier that his bottle of CLP was missing and he really wanted to clean his pistol tonight since it got fired. He found a place only a few blocks down the road that if he hurries will still be open.
Sherlock looks over at John as he climbs onto the bed, putting himself behind Iris. He cuddles up to the Omega, spooning him from behind and letting off of his own scent, letting the musky smell permeate the room. He knows even just the scent of an Alpha will help Iris right now and slowly he can feel it work as the teen’s muscles relax a bit. He unconsciously leans back into John’s space, wiggling against the Alpha, his body seeking to get closer, needing what only the Alpha can give him.
Everything seems slow and relaxed now, Iris’s body temperature goes down and the teen can be heard lightly snoring. The mated pair share a look and a giggle at Iris’s expense. The poor teen is clearly exhausted from everything that’s happened and they both lay still so as not to disturb him.
Sherlock finally arrives, John feels like it has been ages but wafting around his scent a little made the Beta very happy, so he had talked and talked, fluffing himself up like a peacock to get John’s attention. The next two minutes are a whirlwind of getting pictures of Kenny with the cat and the Alpha and Omega make their way out of the house, leaving behind a very flustered Beta.
“It’s one of the deadliest poisons on the planet!” Sherlock’s eyes are wide, he’s trying to convey to John using just his eyes how important this is, but unlike Iris, John isn’t understanding what the Omega is trying to tell him.
I think the other reason this chapter has taken so long is that I'm unhappy with it because the conversations between the characters include a lot of conflict and I am someone who avoids conflict and to write it feels difficult. I also feel like I never have the characters say or do enough, like I want them to say too many different explanations and add too much detail. Then I try to dial myself back and it feels so stilted sometimes. I'll continue to work toward improving. Thank you all for continuing to follow along. <3
Sherlock is able to wrap one hand around the Alpha’s palm, digging his nails into the rough flesh, gripping on for dear life as he gets rammed into. He’s flushed and panting, drooling from the side of his mouth and onto the table as he moans with each luxurious thrust. The pain of his heat finally giving way as John fucks into him, hitting all the spots that he could never reach during his heats, his fingers nothing in comparison to the Alpha’s cock splitting him open. Filling him fuller than he ever dreamed possible.
John follows wearily, instincts on high alert as he goes into a dangerous situation. As usual he feels oddly calm, his senses heightened and heart beat steady. They pass by dozens of homeless people, sleeping along the sides in cardboard boxes and ratty blankets. The smell is overwhelming and the Alpha has to cover his nose to block it out. It doesn’t really work well, so when they reach the end of a tunnel, he pulls at Sherlock’s coat to get him to stop.
smarter than you think. You’re creative and bring me down to earth. You told me to observe things differently and had I taken your advice sooner Moriarty may not have fooled me so easily. You may be a ‘normal’ man, John Watson, but that’s why you are perfect for me, why we are perfect together. Because you’re
John barely registers Lestrade asking why anyone would do this, when a message alert of the pink phone goes off. The two Alphas look over as Sherlock pulls the phone from his pocket.
be a connection.” Sherlock paces back and forth in front of the data map they made, while Iris sits reading a Connie Prince fan website, trying to get all the gossip he can. Lestrade is putting out a calming Alpha scent without realizing it, hoping it will help the frantic detective, though all it does is end up annoying them both. Iris can tell even at this distance that it’s actually doing more harm than good because it’s masking John’s pine forest scent, almost bordering on erasing it. It doesn’t matter that the courting process between the two has stalled, this is also John’s territory and another Alpha putting his scent here even unintentionally is making the Omegas a little anxious.
“So what? You fake them giving birth, buy babies from out of the country and put them into the hands of Omegas who turn them over to be adopted?” It’s the most logical thing Sherlock can think of. Starving people in poor countries are willing to sell anything sometimes for money, that or drug addicted parents who need their next hit. The human trafficking trade is huge and Moriarty would likely have no problem contributing.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asks the pool, turning his back on John who isn’t the threat he thought he was.
Lying to Mycroft goes just about as well as it did with Iris. The other can clearly tell that John is trying to deceive them, but just like the interaction with Iris, he isn’t called out on it. As much as he wants to think about that, he has more pressing matters, like gathering the few new bits and pieces of information that Mycroft will give him.
“Then I’ll continue not to make that mistake.” Sherlock stares the Alpha down, not afraid of John, knowing that he won’t actually hurt them.
John lightly touches the sheet making it fall to the floor. “Sorry.” The object in front of him is a telescope, clearly one for stargazing, though it’s not so large as to be professional. “Stargazer, was he?”
chair and when my knot finally goes down, I’m going to make you spill all that beautiful cum all over it.” The Prince moans and moves his hips, trying to find friction even though he knows they can’t separate.
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“He doesn’t understand why he’s doing certain things, his instincts are pushing him and he has no idea how to react to it. It’s like when Alphas meet we just naturally have a stare down even if neither of us were taught to do so.”
“Oh, you’re angry with me, so you won’t help.” Sherlock actually gets his phone out and starts researching. “Not much cop, this caring lark.”
“Me? Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine. Fine.” Sherlock says while scratching his head with John’s weapon, something he would have chastised him for on a normal day but couldn’t be bothered with at this moment.
“G-Good.” Iris barely gets out, his head swimming in Alpha and Omega pheromones, his hole swallowing John’s cock, keeping him coated in thick slick, his tight hole tempting the Alpha to finish, but John is in control.
Twenty minutes later they’re being invited into West’s flat, by his fiancée Lucy, an Omega that smells of cinnamon and who is obviously distressed. The smell of burnt cinnamon can be smelled heavily as they go to sit on her couch. John wants to comfort her, a natural Alpha instinct, but he refrains. She makes them all tea and Iris snoops around the place as quietly as possible, looking for clues. Once they get settled in she finally talks, assuring John that Westie was a good man and that he would never betray his country. Behind her Iris nods that he believes she’s telling the truth.
By the time he’s fully seated the Prince is moaning out at each small thrust, but John’s not ready to really take him yet. Keen to get him riled up, he stops his movements with one final shove, his cock fully enveloped in the velvet heat of the Omega’s hole. Sherlock tries to move, whining at the loss of the friction he was finally getting.
“That’s not possible.” He finally says when he realizes that the doctor has been silent, waiting for him.
“Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate it.” John is struck once again by Sherlock. How can this man one moment argue that something is irrelevant to him and then appreciate its beauty in the next. He’s a walking contradiction at every moment and maybe it’s just because with the Alpha around the detective’s finally learning to see things from a different perspective. John loves it, this walking paradox of an Omega.
Sherlock feels his first full wave of slick soak his pants as the Alpha kneads his strong hands into his thighs just below his ass as they maneuver through the kitchen. His hole clenches at the feeling and he lets out a soft groan that gets eaten up by an eager pair of lips covering his own. He kisses back, wanting to do whatever he can to satisfy the hunger building in his stomach, a possessiveness over the Alpha driving him forward.
John’s back on his Omega and removing his clothes as the detective lays still below him, heavily breathing and staring at the ceiling. John is gentle when he removes Sherlock’s clothes, making sure to not jostle him too much. He can tell from the scent in the air that the Omega is falling deeper into heat but it’s tinged with some anxiety. He throws everything to the ground and turns back to see Sherlock and
“EXPLAIN! EXPLAIN! WHAT IS THERE TO EXPLAIN!? HE’S TOO YOUNG!” Lestrade is peeling Sherlock off him as Iris now does the same thing, latching onto him to prevent the inspector from going after John.
“Isn’t he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. Course, you know you’re supposed to neuter them, they can be a little too wild if you don’t.” John tugs on him harshly and Moriarty’s mask drops in a grimace of pain for just a moment. “They’re so touchingly loyal when you don’t wag a better treat in front of their face.” Jim says, turning toward John to say it directly to him. “Opps! You’ve rather shown your hand there.” Moriarty goes back to smiling and John’s face turns to terror when he sees the red dot of a sniper on Sherlock’s forehead.
John can tell Sherlock is getting close and pulls off his spit soaked cock with a pop. The detective’s hips chase the feeling, a high whine in his throat.
“Points.” A voice says behind him, making him jump up to find Sherlock standing there, his scarf that John left behind at the house now once again in its proper place around his neck.
John left the café in a rotten mood, walking down the street towards his flat with his hands buried in his pockets and his shoulders up around his ears. He and Sherlock were decidedly not in a relationship. Ok, they were, but not in a *romantic* relationship. He didn't even like men.
It's really what he had been doing all along, he reasoned, he had just been looking in the wrong direction. But how was he going to tell Sherlock that he was going to start dating men? Well, maybe he wouldn't tell him, not right away.
"Yes, John, please try and keep up, love," Sherlock held his hand out. John grabbed it and let himself be dragged into the adjoining room where he was promptly pulled down onto a couch. "This, my dear Watson, could be dangerous."
"Well, it wasn't so much the break up that upset me as it was the implications. I can't seem to keep a steady relationship going. Honestly, Sherlock, I have a lot of thinking to do and I can't share information with you that I don't have."
John groaned as he let a thought slide through his brain that he had worked long and hard to keep out. He hadn't even realized he *had* any thoughts like that, but he supposed it made sense. Sherlock had been everything to him for months now, and bloody hell he was in love with him.
"We were supposed to meet up today, this morning, but she didn't show. I thought she lost her nerve, was going to call her later, but she's dead?"
John winced; he briefly thought he had been caught out, his mind on a different type of match. Then he remembered – there had been two spent matches on the floor a few feet from the body.
John did. He always understood these conversations, but it was amazing – Amy was being far nicer about it than the last half-dozen.
"Yeah, right here," the pale investigator answered brusquely, showing Sherlock an evidence bag with a multi-coloured scarf inside. "Sorry, already bagged."
"Can't you trust the authorities to take care of this? Please, Sherlock, I can't go back to Baker Street without you."
"Of course dear," Mrs Wilcox replied with a smile. "Doctor looking for a steady relationship – there's plenty of nice young men who would queue up to meet you. I've narrowed it down to five possibilities, with two who are your best matches. I just have a question or two and we can set up the meetings."
"You don't have a case, you're not doing an experiment – I checked the fridge – and you're dressed. To *shoes*. Sherlock Holmes does not just sit around watching telley and reading the paper, unless he's bored, and then there's much whining, pouting, and firing of pistols into walls."
So what had he been doing in his room for over *two hours*? He had to have been researching something online, or writing in his blog. Sherlock had already opened the folders John kept his work in progress posts but nothing had been added, not since their last case. He even opened the folder of posts that John wrote but never published, but all he found new was a rant on how Sherlock kept disgracing their small appliances with his experiments. The man in question frowned. He'd have to remember to replace the toaster. Today, preferably.
Suddenly, Sherlock leapt up from his seat and started pacing. His movements were fluid, but frantic.
And that was the crux of it. Every time he tried to have a normal relationship with a woman, he was reminded that Sherlock was his boyfriend. Everywhere he went, it was implied by people that they interacted with that he and Sherlock were involved. It was even in the papers, with the politely put 'bachelor John Watson.' People were talking, especially his potential girlfriends.
He barely made it in time to crawl into the cab beside him. Sherlock was busy texting. John leaned in close to see what he was sending, and to whom. He nearly pulled back when he felt the other man's dark curls brush against his face. He quickly stifled that urge, knowing that reaction would attract more attention than just being close enough to smell his shampoo. It was a text to Lestrade, instructing him to arrest the husband. Sherlock turned to the doctor, entirely too close now that they were facing, but neither pulled back.
"I'm sorry, John, I'm so sorry," and his voice hitched, and John knew he was crying as well, and he couldn't stand that. He pulled back and grabbed his face.
"Really? What would people say?" John asked with some humor, feeling his heart skip a beat all the same.
"It's alright. I'm just so grateful that you're alive. Ok, scratch that, I'm pissed you kept me out of the loop. But we'll get over that and maybe you'll learn to never do that again."
John sighed and shook his head. He should feel insulted, but Sherlock clearly didn't mean it as an insult. You *knew* when that man insulted you, and right then Sherlock only looked confused. Eyes wide and searching, hair slightly rumpled… John shook his head.
"You're a bit more rumpled than you should be by the break up. Your tone of voice when you told me about it, what little you said, was perfectly clear – it was expected and you weren't devastated. However, you look like you've been on a roller coaster, with the way your hair is sticking up, I imagine from you running your hands through it and tugging on it, as if to try to jump start you thinking process. Clearly, Dr. Watson, something far more interesting than a break up has just happened to you."
He had been numb in the aftermath. At first, he had wept so long and so hard that he had actually thrown up, but then the numbness set in. John didn't know how long he sat in Bart's just staring at the wall before Molly came to him, dried tear tracks down her face, to check on him and to send him home.
He went back downstairs and checked around the living area and the kitchen. Clearly, John had taken it with him. Considering the man's case was gone, that had to be what he did. Sherlock smirked. At least John was learning. However, that required him to use a different tactic, one that was likely to annoy John. Well, it was his own fault, wasn't it? He pulled out his cell phone and started typing.
John looked up. Sherlock was still standing there, hands on hips, but the coldness had gone out of his eyes.
And what about Sherlock? John made it back home after finally making himself start walking again after what was really an earth shattering coming out – if only to himself – and entered the flat he shared with the detective to find the man in question stretched out on the couch, still in his night-clothes, eyes closed and hands steepled. Well, what about him? So what if he was the possibly the most beautiful, and mad, man he had ever known?
John stood up with a smile, turning around to shake hands with a very blonde, very green eyed, slightly younger man – and felt a little thrill go up his spine. He was really doing this. And as the date progressed, he decided that while Jeremy could never hold a candle to his moody flatmate, he was very nice, and John thought that he might actually like him.
"Have a good day?" Sherlock asked nonchalantly from his chair when John finally arrived home later in the day. He didn't bother looking up from his paper, interested in hearing how John sounded before he took in his physical state.
John laughed, but his mirth was short lived. A familiar, but oddly off, voice was hailing him from the street and quickly approaching.
"What? What horrible thing are you going to say about him now? I won't tolerate it, I hope you understand."
So why was he going to keep denying himself something that could make him happy? Why was he going to continue chasing after the traditional dream of a woman to marry? He had always been attracted to women, that was true… but he had always been attracted to men just a little bit more. He didn't know what to call himself. Was he bisexual? He certainly wasn't heterosexual as he had spent his entire life telling himself he was, and he was tired of trying to be.
Yes, he was sure John needed to think. By the state of his shoes and pants legs when he came in – fresh scuffs, more than a walk from the corner, and mud splashes, crossing streets he didn't need to get home – he had done a lot of thinking already. And Sherlock was perfectly aware that the other man had issues thinking around him, which is why he did almost all of it on walks. The detective allowed himself a small smirk at that thought, knowing full well why John had trouble thinking around him (accelerated heart rate, dilated eyes, slight blush, usually starting at the ears) and wondered if John was ever going to figure it out. Sherlock had enough sense to know *that* wasn't something he could point out. John would *not* thank him for that. He might punch him. And John hit hard.
"How else am I going to deduce what's going on with you currently? You don't seem to be able to tell me, so I need to find out another way. What ever happened to 'ooh, your deductions are brilliant, Sherlock, tell me how you did that?'"
"Really?" She picked up the application and adjusted her reading glasses. "You're looking for someone who is 'intelligent, opinionated, strong willed and passionate about the things that matter to him.' I took the opportunity to read your blog. These are some of the words you used to describe your flatmate."
"No, you don't, but you usually only get dressed if you have a case, you have an experiment, or you're going out, which usually involves a case or an experiment. And the kitchen doesn't *smell* like death, and it still looks pretty much as it did when I left, so I'm left with case."
"Gracious, Sherlock! I know I startled you but you're going to hurt Dr Watson if you drop him like that again!"
Sherlock laughed a little and inclined his head, non-verbally conceding that point. And maybe apologizing a little. Maybe.
John met him half way, taking Sherlock's face in his hands and letting their lips brush together, allowing the other man to control the kiss. He kept it light and gentle, but full of unspoken promises.
The boyfriend paused to light up again, flicking his lighter and inhaling as he introduced the flame to the end of the cigarette. His hands shook and the tears had never stopped flowing, though he wasn't vocalizing his pain.
"You are clearly attracted to me," Sherlock continued. "You have been from the beginning. I just had to decide if I were attracted to you, which I am. I have to admit, it has been advantageous on occasion."
He came to a decision very quickly on how he was going to 'handle' the situation and John deserved every bit of it for not giving him some kind of warning.
Finding nothing useful there, and no other new files on the hard drive, he opened up the browser and … John had erased his browser history. Sherlock tried other tricks he knew to see where John had been online recently – checking his cookies, recovering his last session, typing every letter in the alphabet into a search engine just to see what would pop up in the drop down menu – but he got nowhere. Clearly John *had* finally learned how to keep Sherlock from finding out what he had been up to online. His continued use of a password to lock his computer must have just been to lull the other man. Interesting.
There was a long pause, and John actually started to feel bad for his last message. Bad enough to push Sherlock away.
He locked himself away quietly to ponder what he was going to do now, hoping he had giving Sherlock enough to satisfy himself. It had been one hell of a day for John Watson, and there was entirely too much of it left.
"Ok," John nodded, mostly to himself. "I am attracted to you. I am more than just attracted to you. I… I adore you, you could say."
Sherlock had managed to keep off of him for three days. The first two days had obviously been hell for him. John could tell by first the screeching of the violin, followed by the screeching of the tube and then finally the screeching of the Holmes as he got into a rather heated argument with the new microwave. Luckily, for everyone, Sherlock had won. The next day was much better, thanks to a timely text from Lestrade with details of a new case.
For some reason, the man had faked his death, probably to protect John in some stupid, convoluted way. John was not going to stand for that. No. If he had to break down every door in London to find the truth, he would damn well find it. So, when Molly came to him, he started his attack.
"So I guess you're bored, then," John huffed good naturedly from the kitchen, continuing their conversation.
"You don't." Sherlock had stopped pacing and had fixed a cold look on John. "You're right, of course, I am not your keeper. Just your friend."
"Oh, I'm sure it's hard on you," John spat at him. "It would be your fault, after all. You told Moriarty everything he needed to *destroy* him. But, despite that, I don't believe he died. I don't know how he faked it, but between you and Molly, I'm sure he could."
All John could do was bask in his friend's excited gaze, the grey eyes filled with the triumph of having figured out something far faster than Scotland Yard ever could. And it was so simple for him. John loved these moments. He loved Sherlock's excitement. He loved *Sherlock*. He pulled back before he did something entirely too stupid.
"Then don't. Come with me. You know as well as I that Scotland Yard is helpless. They can't take care of this mess; it has to be me… and you. I should have never tried to keep you away. You're my partner; I can do this twice as fast with you."
Sherlock had spent most of the day before wondering what had happened to John. Oh, he knew what John had told him had happened, but he knew he wasn't being told the entire truth. John liked to think he could keep the investigator off his arse if he gave him half-truths and left unsaid all the truly interesting bits.
Do we still have to list spoilers for this series?  If you didn't watch it, I'm sorry.  I'm also sorry for the final line.
When they arrived, it was to a manor house, richly appointed in furnishings and a young woman of about twenty four, richly appointed in a fur coat, lying dead in the vestibule. John watched in his usual fascination as Sherlock prowled around the body, leaning in close to inspect her hands, her jewellery, the bruising around her neck, the state of her shoes and stockings – John suspected that the dark haired man even sniffed her. He was sure he did as he watched Sherlock make a circuit around her, spiralling outwards, no longer looking at the victim but sniffing the air around her.
"Just, please, remember… he doesn't know I've started dating men. He'll deduce it himself once he meets you and after you leave we'll have to talk, but I think it will be easier this way."
"I don't know! This was different for me! This was hard for me! I just wanted a chance to digest what was going on and to try and be happy! Why do I have to run it by you first?"
"Since when have you interfered in my work? And besides, we had known each other less than a day and I thought you were coming onto me. What was I supposed to say?"
Sherlock finally started pouting, drawing his eyebrows together and letting a petulant note creep into his voice.
"Well, you can't blame me for this; you've never minded me walking in before. No one bothered to tell me I might find you two snogging. In your skivvies. You really should put something on you're going to catch a cold!"
"Yes," he sighed. "You're breaking up with me because I'm not present enough in our relationship, as you just pointed out."
"Hmmm," Sherlock acknowledged, not looking up from his microscope. The last case had been a decent distraction, but it had been a bit too obvious. Lestrade actually would have figured it out in a few days, likely after the forensics came back – he depended entirely too much on that and not enough on his own senses. Now the detective was just trying to preoccupy himself with some research so he wouldn't preoccupy himself with John's odd behaviour. Stupid promise.
"Yes," Sherlock drawled in the tone that let John know he wasn't buying it for one minute. Suddenly, he about faced and whipped out of the room, past the body, and out of the house, John rushing to keep up. "I need to speak to the boyfriend!"
"Didn't think you were going to. What were you playing at? Do you take pride in your ability to chase off every single one of my dates?"
John stared at Sherlock. Sherlock hadn't moved, his expression hadn't changed, and he still looked honestly perplexed. John looked at him like he had sprouted another head, anyway.
Mycroft met his eyes calmly, picking him apart. John matched him stare for stare until the car finally pulled to a stop and the driver opened the door for him.
"Oh, just thought you must have and was just waiting for me to get home. Seeing as you're dressed and everything."
"Would have been better if you hadn't disturbed the crime scene," he bit out sarcastically, "but I've got all I need from that, bagged or no. Crime of passion, I dare say," he continued in a more conversational tone as he turned to the DI. "Where's the husband?"
It took thirty minutes to get to the country house just outside of London proper and Sherlock spent the entire time peering out the window of the police car that had picked them up. John didn't know what to make of the silence except that he was sure the detective was watching him through the reflection. He was trying to be discreet, John was sure, in order to keep his promise, but that was a hard promise to keep for a man like Sherlock Holmes.
Mrs Wilcox leaned across the desk, her motherly look becoming a bit more intense. Before she had reminded him of a chubby Mrs Hudson, but now she had a look that reminded him a bit more of Mycroft Holmes. Disturbing.
John didn't know what to think. The minute he thought he had Sherlock mostly pegged (you couldn't entirely know his mind, that was impossible) the man would say something to completely throw him off. But he did know when he was being serious, and Sherlock seriously thought it was obvious that John should have approached him with this arrangement the minute he figured out how he felt.
John got to his feet and stormed down the hallway, his new purpose chasing away the fear and agony he had been feeling. When he glanced back at Molly, he saw that she had pulled out her phone and was sending a rapid text. And John knew who she was texting. Good.
John had arrived home. And he had certainly been on a date. Yes, he was kissing said date good bye and laughing and smiling. It didn't happen very often, not to him, but Sherlock's stomach dropped. John had clearly come to grips with being attracted to men, and he hadn't felt comfortable telling Sherlock. It was a surprise that it actually upset him so much. Oh, he knew he was far more threatened by this blond statue kissing John than any of his female companions, but he knew he could handle the situation. It was John not talking to him about it, springing it on him like this, that was the problem.
"It's already been taken care of," Mycroft replied, still standing by the door. "I did tell you he wouldn't let you leave without him."
"He's not. That was so out of character… oh, he's mad at me for not telling him. I shouldn't have just brought you over, I should have warned him. He's very good at chasing people off and I think that's what he's trying to do with you."
John shook his head, for what felt like the millionth time, and smiled fondly at his… what? He never could put a label on Sherlock, why start now?
"There's an odour," Sherlock drew out, not looking at anyone but at everything around them. He had a pensive look on his face as he stuffed his hands into the pockets of his long coat. "I see you have the murder weapon, Anderson."
"Half your files involve retellings of our cases, which, incidentally, has to include me, so they are my business."
"Are you planning on seeing him again? I don't mind that you've decided to date men, I really don't. I'd hoped you knew I would support you in most any decisions you make."
Sherlock took the proffered bag into his gloved hand, stopping to catch John's hand and press a kiss to his palm. Lestrade and Donovan gaped.
And Sherlock pranced up the stairs. Pranced. Live in? John wanted to cry. And scream. He thought he wanted to scream a whole lot more. Yes, he was going with scream.
John swallowed and took a shuddering breath. He couldn't believe it. Sherlock was right, now that he thought about it. He had been so busy trying to hide all of his signals (obviously useless and he should have known better) that he had missed all of the detective's. He ran so many past encounters through his head and saw everything. His heart was beating so loud he had to take another breath to calm himself.
"Well, Lestrade, you were absolutely right. This is murder, not suicide. John, could you pass that evidence bag?"
Regardless of Sherlock's orientation, this falling in love bit was miserable. John's life had changed utterly in one day, maybe even in just one hour, and it really made no difference in the end. The first man he loved was destined to remain his best friend and flatmate. His admitting how he felt wasn't going to change anything about that. But that didn't mean he had to stay at a standstill. He could continue what he had with the taller man, and be satisfied with it, while looking for the second man he would love.
"Yes," she confirmed, taking a sip of her drink. "You're not spending time with me because you're on call to Sherlock twenty-four seven."
John smiled at him and he noted how his breathing had picked up a bit and how their touch had given him goose bumps. And how John had had a similar reaction. Sherlock pulled back and stood suddenly, full of his usually energy, startling the shorter man into leaning back and nearly spilling his mug.
John went off to work the next day, and so did Sherlock. In Sherlock's case, however, that was to wait until John was gone, pretending to be bored as he laid on the couch facing the back, and then jumping up and running into the other man's room when he was sure he wasn't coming back for a forgotten… well, whatever John would forget. A spare jumper or something. He flung open the door and went straight for John's laptop, easily hacking in. As usual. He just didn't understand why John bothered locking it.
The boyfriend had been an even bigger mess than the husband. He hadn't known Bernadette had been murdered and he sat at the table in his small apartment smoking cigarette after cigarette, making John's head swim from all the smoke. He was thankful he specified a non-smoker on his dating profile. At least Sherlock only smoked when the patches just weren't enough - and he thought he could get away with it.
So, he threw himself into the dating scene. He briefly thought about using one of those relationship websites, but he quickly determined that even if he only listed his name as John, Sherlock would find it. Plus there was the fact that he had been in the papers recently. The world's only consulting detective had been the main focus, but he had been there, in the background. He thought actually going to a matchmaker would really be his best bet, having another human screen his dates and all. Eliminate the loonies. One loony in his life was enough.
How would that even work? She was on the registry? Did the police or anyone follow-up, wouldn’t Lestrade have noticed she was alive?  Wouldn’t the police want to question her because she kind of incited someone to commit murder? Also if Lestrade reported her dead / missing you think he would check with the Registry? This makes 0 sense.
Sherlock knelt behind him reverently, and with one big hand clasping his ribs and the other over the jut of his collarbone, hauled John back onto the cradle of his pelvis - almost absentmindedly rubbing his rigid cock over the slick cleft with a pained exhale.
of something hitting the ground hard told John all he needed to know. He didn’t give the man any time to recoup, but reared back and savagely kicked the door open with a brutal blow right under the doorknob. It flew open with a crash of fractured wood and another sickening thud as it slammed into the supine body lying crumpled and bleeding profusely on the cold, stone floor.
“It’s the only logical explanation.” Sherlock waved his hands in an arc, tenting his fingers for one brief moment on the soft dip of his lower lip. “When she first came to Baker Street she showed signs of a recent injury, traces of adhesive from a plaster on her forehead, slight stiffness in her right hip and left arm indicative of involvement in a struggle no more than three but closer to two weeks prior. That is consistent with the timing of her alleged death.”
He knew he was in trouble, he knew Andrew was physically stronger than he was, and he knew he needed to get this man off of him or he wouldn’t be walking away from this alive. In a burst of adrenaline and necessity, John managed to jam the thumb of his free hand into the socket of Andrew’s right eye, feeling the firm tissue give just slightly before collapsing beneath his thumbnail in a burst of warm serosanguinous fluid.
” John roared, voice tight, brooking no room for bullshit. “I know you’re here, and so help me if you don’t come out
It sort of made sense when he laid it all out like that. John could understand what it was like to love someone so desperately, so completely, that he’d put his own life on this line. He was staring that kind of love in the face right now, as it so happened. However, Sherlock was still missing an incredibly important piece of the story, the crux. If she did, in fact, kill Rexfield, what was her
There are nine prisons located in London. Feltham and Isis can be eliminated as they are for young offenders, Holloway can be eliminated as it is for Female Adults and Young Offenders. Furthermore, Harlan has not been convicted yet, he is being held on remand. This eliminates Brixton which became a resettlement prison in 2012.
John reached for Sherlock’s hand, suddenly needing his comfort and stability. John was a strong man, stronger than most - hell he’d been through Afghanistan and back, even been shot - but that all seemed to dull in comparison to the heartbreaking tableau of two young people, one injured, the other recently departed, both unable to accept their lives, their fate, and who had been tortured through it all.
, you’re no good to me if you can’t think clearly and follow instructions. Do you think you can do that for me?” John glanced around the dimly lit room and located a half-full glass of what appeared to be water on the table on the opposite side of the bed. He reached across the duvet, practically face planting into the mattress before righting himself, and sniffed the tumbler suspiciously before downing the tepid liquid as fast as he could. It did little to ease his dry mouth, and even less to combat his rising blood pressure.
. Sherlock, the man who held reason above all, never would give in to his primal side, and had been so ashamed in the very few instances he had.
“What? No, he had cancer a few years ago, chemo sent him into premature andropause. Terry stuck by him, took him to his appointments,” Chesney stopped talking for a moment, audibly dragging in lungfuls of air between ill-concealed, unnerving sobs, “I really thought he was one of the good ones.”
"The husband smokes cigars, expensive cigars," Sherlock explained, a gleam in his eyes as he gripped John's upper arm, keeping him close so he could keep his voice low. "The body smelled of cigars, not cigarettes, and she was dressed to leave, not coming in, her shoes were clean, she hadn't recently been outside, she hadn't met her boyfriend and brought him back, why would she do that? No, she was leaving, the husband – the husband! – he came home early, caught her in the act and she had to admit what was going on! She was wearing that cheap scarf, the one the boyfriend had bought her and in a fit of rage the husband strangled her with it. The most important clue, however, was the matches on the floor. The same as the matches in the sitting room by the humidor. He didn't call the police right away, he took the time to smoke two cigars waiting for the right time, waiting for when he *should* have gotten home. Oh, he thought he had a scapegoat in the boyfriend, but he didn't plan it out! It was all done in the heat of the moment! He was sloppy! It was so obvious!"
"My home, so please, if you would," Mycroft smiled, in a very condescending way, motioning John to exit the vehicle.
"Excuse me?" Sherlock was honestly flummoxed. He saw most things coming, but John still could keep him on his toes. It was lovely. Most of the time.
"Seriously, Sherlock, your ability to see everything around you is incredible," John sighed, sitting in his chair across from Sherlock's, "but not when you're aiming that ability at me. I'm sure you can tell I'm better today, and yeah, I spent the time I was upstairs yesterday online, and yes I've learned to delete *everything.* I'm not ready to tell you what's going on in my head, but I will tell you. Eventually. Can you trust me? Please?"
He met Sherlock's eyes, trying to figure out what he was thinking. He could see the gears turning. Quickly, as usual. He had that look on his face he always got when he just didn't understand how John could completely miss all the evidence in front of him. John swallowed when Sherlock opened his mouth to speak. He wasn't sure he wanted to hear what he had to say.
Sherlock had joined them on the stoop with more alacrity than John thought possible, not that much thinking was going on in his head at the moment. This should have been a nightmare scenario, but… Sherlock was smiling. And his voice was friendly. It was… sickeningly sweet, cheery, 'I'm about to pull something,' friendly. He'd done that before, putting on an act to get someone to trust him, to not see how he was dissecting every inch of them…
"Well, I do need to think whether you think I do or not," he finally managed, gathering up their mugs and taking them to the kitchen before heading up to his room. "I'll be upstairs if you need me."
"Don't let him get to you. He's just being an ass. Once he gets used to it he'll treat you with as much disinterest as he does most people. And that's preferable."
"What? She was leaving her husband, taking the money he keeps in the safe, her jewellery, was going to empty her account, she wanted to move to France. Start over."
It hadn't been hard to get out of 221B. Sherlock was still answering Lestrade's questions and getting steadily more annoyed, so he wasn't really interested in what John was up to.
John deposited the tea on the floor by Sherlock's head and the phone into his hand. The other man finally sat up, picked up his mug, and looked at John for the first time since the doctor had walked through the door.
"Let it go?" Now John's voice took on a dangerous edge. "That man is, and I'm not putting too fine a point on this I assure you, the love of my life. He means more to me than every other human on this planet combined. And for some reason, he faked his death and isn't letting me in on it. I want to know why. I want to see him, now!"
"Text Molly. I'm sure she's still holding onto that body she had set aside for John. Oh, and we need another set of papers and a second ticket to Bolivia."
John followed as they were led into a sitting room where they found a slightly overweight middle aged man sitting in a chair sobbing into a handkerchief. It seemed that Mr Devlin, from what John could make out between the sobs, had just arrived home from a business meeting to find his young wife, Bernadette, dead on the floor. He was sure it was her boyfriend, Greg Winston, whom had killed her. She had been having an affair, which she often did in their mostly sham of a marriage, but Mr Winston had been more of a problem than most. He had started demanding money. Martin Devlin had insisted that she break it off with him before the wrong people found out, namely the board members at his company. Mr Winston hadn't realized that the husband knew all about the girl's philandering and certainly assumed he could black mail her. He must have killed her in his shock.
The grip on his mobile tightened instantly, becoming painful, fierce, and unforgiving. He breathed in, then out, and then launched it across the small space, watching with grim satisfaction as it clattered in a rattle of plastic against moulded vinyl, exploding in several pieces as the battery was forcefully expelled from the casing.
John wasn’t even out of breath when the he arrived at the church grounds. He willed himself to stay calm, and stay in the shadows. The stout chestnut trees lining the worn dirt paths gave him a bit of hazy cover as he kept close to the ground, circling the tiny graveyard behind the church proper. If memory served him correctly, and it almost always did, he knew what to look for based on Stevie’s rough description - a small house with a back garden, flowers, and bird feeders. As he moved farther away and down the southernmost laneway, he was quickly rewarded with the sight of a moderately sized, though rather unremarkable, stone cottage.
