He takes another sip, but this time it’s a small one, and his eyes don’t leave Steve’s face. His smile grows, and then his mouth curls, pressing his lips together, and he looks away.
Steve’s fist slammed against the door again. Rationally, he imagined Bucky didn’t mean for the message to sound as it did –
Perhaps he’s feeling ill, Howard thinks. The thought is not strong enough to be a concern, but it still makes him strangely uncomfortable. He grasps the goblet’s stem before raising it to his lips for another sip.
Which was: Steve never actually got to spill the beans, because Tony, without doing anything that even remotely
Contrary to what he had imagined, Bucky and Sam didn’t give Steve much hell for bringing Monet home. Instead, they spent most of the time complaining about his name.
There is the moment right after Steve finishes coordinating his group therapy meeting at the V.A., coming out of the role he knows inhabits with such ease, and Tony is looking at him from the doorstep with so much affection Steve’s words die in throat. Then there is the moment where Tony comes up to him, hugs him by his waist, and whispers
After Tony swallows, though, he remains in silence. His big eyes watch Howard as they would study a new catapult, but Howard notices there’s a slight flush on his ears. For a moment, Tony seems reflexive, and Howard catches the spark of something that feels foreign in his eyes – hope.
Tony opens his mouth to reply with what is hopefully a collection of very creative ideas that are also nearby and accessible at this very instant, but he’s interrupted by the full smash of a beach ball right on his face, so strong it nearly knocks him to the ground.
, Tony’s brain added, and he snorted, half amused with himself, half exasperated that’s where life led him to.
Doesn’t matter.)
Now, though, as Quill is rambling about the situation, Steve thinks this is probably normal behaviour for them. “I mean, I was already predicting Mantis – which, okay, made sense. And I think Drax honestly believes it’s the most important role of the night or something. But I’m pretty sure Rocket was only trying to piss me off,” Quill keeps going, straightening his tie, oblivious to any tension around him.
“We need to stop meeting like this,” a voice says beside him, and Steve is smiling before he even turns to look.
in the room.
How bizarre, Tony thinks, eyeing Steve afterwards, trying to somehow gather if he might be thinking the same. But he ends up making himself look away, thinking no, it’s just a coincidence, and, besides, who’s to say it’s ever going to happen again, right?
as he pulls away with a smacking, wet noise;
What he hadn’t imagined, though, is the gentleness with which Tony’s hands climb up to his wrists, how he lowers them with a smile so tender it melts away the rush, steadying the beat of Steve’s heart. “Let me,” he whispers, fingers coming up to Steve’s collar.
Steve turns to him.
“I--” Steve’s voice sounds shaken, and Tony can’t help but look at him. His face is flushed, eyes wide as if Tony said something appalling, jaw clenching. “Tony. That… that wasn’t appropriate.”
He just can’t dance. He missed the chance to learn from Peggy and then never took the time to learn it from anyone else, and now… it feels like it’s too late.
, but still yearning stretched in his chest, stubborn, growing more each time Steve tried to push it down. “Do
them at a private dinner everyone else saw her take them to, right? It would be monumentally stupid of her. There were other ways to get rid of them while raising less suspicion, if that was what she wanted to do. And why the hell would she want to do that, anyway? Just because Steve didn’t let her get into his pants?
“How are you going to fight the aliens? Are you going to throw your shield?”
All things considered, there are two courses of action available: what he needs to do and what he wants to do. Deep down, Tony is aware that the two of them don’t intersect, not really, but Tony’s ability to figure out the best possible plan for any given problem is only matched by his ability to stick his fingers in his ears and go
“Come for me, gorgeous,” Tony says, eyes a deep dark as he stares down at Steve, his hair sticking to his forehead. His hand finds Steve’s cock, closes his fist around it and starts moving up and down, slicking him up with pre-come. “Come for me—you’re so beautiful, God, I need to see you when you—”
After a moment, he blinks his eyes open slowly, getting used to the brightness of—of
Tony looks away, his face heating.
Steve’s bottom lip shakes, his eyes glimmer and Tony feels as if he's intruding, for seeing that. It’s such raw, bare pain, it doesn’t
he says.
Steve feels his eyes widening slightly. He hadn’t noticed anything particular about the sound before, but, now that Tony mentions, it is interesting. “How does it work?”
He opens his mouth to speak, but she’s faster than him: “It’s a mind controlling device.”
Steve didn’t know how that could help, but he nodded.
The elevator stopped and the doors opened, and Tony almost breathed a sigh of relief, until he realized that meant he'd have to take Steve's hand again.
Steve moved awkwardly to place the pillow on the couch and pick up a blanket without knocking Tony off his lap. Dummy quickly appeared by their side, jumping on the couch and settling on the corner of Steve’s left thigh that wasn’t taken by Tony’s fur. He nested there as if it had always meant to be his spot.
After reversing the Snap, a distance had taken place between them, coloring their every interaction. Even if he claimed to not hate him anymore, Tony wouldn’t touch him in the same casual way he touched everyone else – he couldn’t even stand too close to Steve without shifting, placing his hands in his pockets and looking uncomfortable in a way Tony Stark never did. For a while, Steve had the feeling Tony didn’t even want to look at him anymore, always avoiding his eyes when they spoke.
Still, it happens, and it works.
“Take this off,” Steve demands, retreating just enough to touch Stark’s crotch again. Stark barely mumbles a reply and Steve’s already feeling him moving on the bed as he pulls his underwear off.
, Tony hears in his head, and suddenly it all makes sense.
“Wait!” Stark yelled. He picked up the Pomeranian from his chest, holding it in one hand. “Just
Steve raised his eyebrows. Neither of the dogs seemed to mind, though, both looking at him with huge, expectant brown eyes, as if Steve had a hidden treat only they knew about.
His eyes dart towards Stone’s data, on display above Bruce’s head. To add insult to injury, it’s such a fucking simple design. If Tony ever felt prone to supervillainy, he could make a couple of those in a heartbeat—
Ayesha raised her eyebrows, and Tony gripped Steve’s shoulder harder, certainly spelling
“I’m fine,” he manages, through gritted teeth. “Have you, uh. Have you seen Cap anywhere?”
Steve looks at him, baby blues growing from frustration to confusion. Tony might be wrong, but he thinks he also sees a glimmer of a hopeful expression cross his face for a moment.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, nodding slight, and now his voice carries none of the casual friendly from before. It’s hushed, almost a whisper, and it grows an octave lower when he tilts his head. “Maybe we could go there?”
“Nope.” Tony shakes his head, half-wondering if it would be too weird if he grabbed Steve by the shoulders and just went for it right now. “No, doesn’t sound like me.”
Steve can’t help it – he shudders, his reaction surprising Stark, who looks at him in hesitant.
“Fun?” Tony asks.
Tony raises his eyebrows, turning back towards the chair. There’s nothing on Steve’s face or body other than the restraints, no cables connecting him anywhere. “A wireless signal?” He comes closer, thinking a loud. “Of course not, why would it affect only him? But if it isn’t…” he trails off, a bitter taste filling his mouth. He turns towards the panels, watching the data flow, a feeling of bile rising up to his throat. “Nanites,” he says finally.
“Yes,” Steve says, when it becomes clear he doesn’t know how to complete the sentence. Stark’s hands climb to his torso, one landing on his waist and the other one resting on Steve’s neck. He keeps the touches chaste, though, his thumb drawing a small caress on his jaw, still staring at Steve as if he can’t be real.
Tony stops caressing his hair to punch the air.
The image is like a knife to Tony’s chest, but it’s comforting in this sense: Steve would never string him along just for the sake of it. He just wouldn’t.
Steve opens his mouth to answer, but he’s cut short by a warm weight on his arm. “Are you sure? Everything is fine?” Tony asks, hand curling around Steve’s forearm.
“Hi,” he said dumbly, and then, like an idiot, he turned his back to Steve and started walking in the direction of the elevator.
“I think you should lie down, now,” Tony said, and Steve, breaking from his trance, opened his eyes.
Tony, by contrast, takes a little longer to start feeling his eyes getting heavy. He kills time by enjoying the contact of Steve’s body, the sound of his breath. He grazes his fingers over Steve’s bicep, up and down until his movements start spelling out letters and words he was afraid to say before.
Which leads him to the original question: Tony never, in a million years, thought Steve would want to date him. The entire thing felt surreal and dream-like, and, yeah, maybe he’s a little afraid of poking at it with extra demands. Any desire to bring the topic up easily turns to dust whenever Steve gives him one of his shy smiles and asks if Tony wants to go for a walk at the Brooklyn bridge next morning. The answer is always yes, and, honestly? Tony feels pretty lucky already.
Natasha nods.
Steve feels his flush descending to his chest. “Thanks,” he says, because he doesn’t know what else to say.
“It’s a risk you’re gonna have to be willing to take, I’m afraid,” he says. He wishes his hand wouldn’t shake, but it does.
“Why are you saying this?”
Seven years, he thinks. He has five seconds and all the time in world, but he’d change everything in a heartbeat for those seven years.
There’s an open field around him, and the sky is golden. Steve thinks he can see something in the distance, a large structure resembling a palace.
“Really? You don’t have any thoughts about this?”
he has to, and he
“I’m supposed to guide humanity to… be nicer to dogs?” Steve said, half joking, but, as soon as the words left his lips, he realized that actually sounded like a worthwhile goal. “That… that’s not bad, actually.”
It’s a quick kiss, but—but it’s fucking hard to make it quick, that’s what it is. Steve’s lips are so soft, so plump and smooth that Tony can’t help but imagine how it would be, to open his mouth and capture that lower lip between his teeth. He doesn’t,
“Ah,” she sighed after swallowing a piece of the salad. “Delicious.”
“I don’t know,” T’Challa sounded smug. “What are you going to name him?”
“…he must be getting out at any minute,” Barnes says, and Tony realizes he probably missed something. He turns towards Barnes, trying to force himself to at least carry out a semi-normal interaction, but then Barnes smiles at something behind him. “There he is.”
Barnes raises an eyebrow, eyes studying Tony for a moment. “Steve and I are brothers,” he says finally. “It’s not like that between us. Never has been.”
, so Steve pushes back again, wanting to sink onto Stark’s hand. Stark grabs his hips, though, and Steve doesn’t need to look to know he’s smiling.
wants to do a remarkably long list of things to that ass shouldn’t change the fact that he also wants to make Steve laugh, to listen to his thoughts on 21st century tech, and to hold his hand when they’re walking down the street to get hotdogs. He’s pretty sure those things are not supposed to be incompatible. And he thinks Steve must know this, too.
“You know people had sex in the forties, right?” Rhodey says once, in the middle of one of their many (
“You have got to be kidding me,” Tony said, as Steve just stared at him expectantly, tongue hanging out from the corner of his mouth. “Weren’t you tired?”
Tony scoffs. “I’m not that generous.”
“I’ll help you look for it later, okay?” His mouth moves so close to Tony’s skin that it makes it tingle, his voice low, enveloping like a blanket. Tony’s knees feel so weak it’s honestly a miracle he doesn’t fall down right there.
“I--” Tony starts, but he’s never good at talking when Steve is looking at him like that. He might not even be good at breathing, then. “I--Thank you?”
They go through one, two, three songs. It’s addictive. Steve can’t get enough of the way Tony is looking at him, of the wonder in his eyes.
Tony stepped forward, forgetting any common sense, and loudly knocked his foot against the side table.
, and he lacks the courage to ask
to not understand Steve. It’s bizarre, but he does. People alternatively elude or impress Tony, but they rarely
“Tony? Sweetheart,” Steve asks, and what the
“Hey,” Tony croaks. Steve scoots against him, his knees at the back of Tony’s thighs.
“Anytime, man.”
Tony thinks, and he’s shocked by the sheer honesty of the thought. He is, at the end of the day, grateful to Steve for stopping him from doing that, stopping his rage from taking him to the point of no return. And he is also fucking mad at Steve, and he also wants to touch him, and fuck, how long is Steve taking on that damn run, anyway?
The guards are less subtle in their surprise: they gasp without any ceremony, clearly foregoing norms of behavior in their shock. Jarvis’ eyes are as wide as plates.
It’s legitimately like someone turned off the sun. So, really, nobody can blame Tony for saying, “I didn’t know it.”
Whatever the reason, it didn’t work.
Before him, slumped on the ground, lying there with its four paws spread out comfortably on the asphalt, was an adorable, blue-eyed Corgi.
slow. Steve loses track of his mouth, of what he says. He loses track of the words Tony whispers into his neck, of the endless flow of curses and praise.
“Which aliens? Like Loki?”
Steve looked at him, intrigued. The Pomeranian ran towards his ankles and nuzzled at Stark’s calf.
Steve’s hand twitched under Tony’s, which made Tony remember he was still holding it. He felt incredibly conscious of it, even as he also stared forward, unable to bring himself to find Steve’s gaze.
The man stared at Steve as if he was trying to make sense of his words. “O…kay. Can you give me the other one then?” He reached forward to grab the small dog from Steve’s hand, but Steve took a step back, holding it firmly.
The three of them startled at a sudden, strong whine, and Steve, who could recognize Lola’s cry anywhere in the world, immediately jumped to his feet, running towards her without even stopping to assess what had happened.
“Whatever,” Tony groans. Steve turns his head at him, outraged at his dismissiveness, and he pinches the bridge of his nose: “Look, I was in this spot for most of last year, and it sucks, so I get what you’re saying. Just talk to him, okay? It might seem ridiculous, but it’s all that it takes. I know you’re thinking it’s not that simple because it’s what I used to think, but, really, it was for me, and I’m pretty sure it’s going to be for you too.”
“Oh, trust me,” Howard says, after taking a long sip. “I will.”
, what with the way his pink lips curl and his eyes shine and he looks like he’s not even seeing anything else other than Tony. “Thank you. Really, Tony, I—To be honest, sometimes I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
The scan shows up in a panel in front of the table, Rhodey watching with wide eyes as Tony orders FRIDAY to search SHIELD’s database for a former scan of Steve’s brain right after he got out of the ice.
“You’re quite the cynic,” Rogers says, his words a touch colder. “Sir.”
The hours that followed were some of the slowest of Tony’s life. He had been a pile of nerves in a way he didn’t remember ever being before a date. He found himself trying on the suit he used to meet the president and finding it incredibly ill-fitting.
He can imagine the way Tony’s mouth would feel, pressed against his. Tony’s goatee would scratch his chin, and he’d grin after they broke apart, his eyes very bright, like liquid gold. He’d smell of cologne and a hint of metal, and Steve has the feeling he’d like the metal more. And Tony would hold his waist and pull him closer to the dance floor, annoying and amusing Steve at the same time with his constant fast-paced quips, elegantly guiding their movements as if Steve’s body was an extension of his own.
“But?” he asks, which—okay, so he doesn’t get it. That’s… fine, Tony thinks. They’re both fumbling their way through this. The thought is strangely comforting.
He’d ask: “So, anything?”
“Well,” Ayesha’s voice sounded hesitant, but calmer than before. She raised her tone, clearly addressing Steve and Tony, but Tony didn’t bother looking, focused on trying to get Steve to turn towards him. “It seems to me the two of you are clearly delusional, but you do seem sincere enough. So I thank you, in the name of my people, for sharing your honest stupidity with us.”
Steve’s chest tightened, but he stared ahead, trying to establish eye contact.
Steve rested his back against the door. His body was shaking, and his knees bent against his will – so frail now, so broken -, making him slip to the ground. He shut his eyes forcefully, inhaling sharply even as he felt no air reaching his lungs.
that?”
“Are you locked outside?” Stark asked, tilting his head.
“Please, tell me you’re joking.”
Steve finds out about Grumpy Cat a few hours before he learns she’s dead. In between, he texts Tony a bunch of pictures of her with a message reading “
Steve watches as he chews, a little wary. He and Tony don’t speak alone very often, anymore. Not for any particular reason - there’s no lingering animosity between them. Apologies were exchanged, after Thanos; everything else had faded in the dust, among all their lost friends.
He thinks on how much Steve touches him – how affectionate he is, how open.
Steve nodded, blinking slowly. His heart was pounding heavily, and his head hurt, a steady ache beginning to climb over his neck, as it had been beaten by a hammer.
“Uh. Okay?” Steve frowns slightly.
“We fought. Badly,” he says, every word painful to come out, because he can see the realization starting to flood Steve’s face, and he’s never seen Steve look that lost, that hurt. “It started out stupid, but then it got—it got ugly.” He draws a sharp breath. “I lost it. I attacked Barnes, and you stopped me.”
“Tony—” he calls, head on Tony’s shoulder, arm reaching behind to find his neck. “Tony, I think I’m—”
“I know,” Clint says bluntly. “It’s Dog Rates, Cap. They have over eight million followers. It’s a huge account. Everyone knows it.”
In the second picture, though, they are definitely posing. They are in front of a huge statue Tony guesses must be a monument of some sort, though he doesn’t know where. Tony is wearing sunglasses and, this time, his arm is on Steve’s waist. Steve’s beard is more of a scruff, and his face and arms are all red, definitely the result of a light sunburn. He’s smiling, though, his hair incredibly light, falling over his forehead. They both look so touristy and happy it’s almost offensive. Tony is wearing a fucking Captain America T-shirt.
Steve is aware of every second. Every breath Tony takes by his side is a miracle he treasures.
That, at least, was true. The pain had varied in intensity since the first hours after the serum was removed, growing and lessening at random intervals, but never truly vanishing.
“Goodnight,” Stark whispered, and his voice—it curled up around Steve like a rope, and he felt himself turning, wanting to come closer and yet frozen in place.
Steve made a face. “The High Priestess said… some things last night, when you went to the bathroom.”
The wedding picture makes him feel antsy, too anxious for Steve to get back, so he focuses on the other one, the tourist picture. It’s so damn cheesy, they look ridiculous. But now Tony isn’t thinking about the disgustingly couple-y vibes that the picture emanates.
, he supposes. He puts his hand to his face, his vision limited to the leather of his glove, trying to avoid the light. Then he registers movement and sound coming from next to him.
And being around Steve makes
“Hey,” Steve says. He’s the slightest bit hesitant, but he seems pleased when he notices the messy bed. “How are you feeling?”
“Pretty much, yeah.” Tony’s eyes are already closed, but he has to open one of them to ask. “Why—wait, you agreed because you thought I was going to use you in a different way, didn’t you?”
“Stop talking?”
“I… I apologize. I don’t mean to be impertinent,” he says, tentative. “I realize this can come as a surprise, but I’m asking in good faith. I would never mock you or your family, Lord Stark.”
Lola raised her head, returning Stark’s stare with her soulful eyes. She licked her nose.
Tony gave him a lopsided smile – half-encouragement, half playing the “sweet couple in love” part. Steve hesitated for a moment, but he smiled back.
The room looks like the one Tony knows, except it’s more organized than it would be before the work of the cleaning crew. Tony doesn’t stop around to check out the decoration, though, opening the door to the bedroom.
It takes almost a full hour for Tony to fall asleep.
“’Course they would,” Tony replied – immediately, so certain, as if the possibility of the contrary didn’t even occur to him.
“I suppose so, yes,” the man says, and Steve believes him. He’s tall – Steve’s height, easily –, broad-shouldered, and he has light, piercing blue eyes instead of those brown orbs Steve loves so much, but he is, definitely,
“You know. The… The things you—the things HYDRA made you do.”
Tony shakes his head to gather his thoughts. Whatever it is, he’ll know soon.
. “I, I,” he stutters, unable to even form words. “What if he doesn’t want it?”
On a remarkable occasion, Steve sends in a “important Avenger news – waiting for your thoughts, Iron Man” e-mail, and, when Tony opens it, he’s rick-rolled in front of his entire office.
Only Steve would have
He looked back, assessing the man from afar. He wasn’t big, but could he be armed?
When they part, Steve turns to look at Stark. His eyes are chilling, the blue pupils darkened as they land on Steve’s lips, no doubt slightly reddened from the kissing. “You seem nervous, darling.”
“And do you expect me to answer your request right now?”
The night before he makes his decision, Howard dreams of Maria.
“I know,” Tony says, slowing down his rhythm. His hands abandon Steve’s abused nipples and travel to his ass, groping both buttocks in a steady, strong hold. “I know, sweetheart, I’m sorry. It’s just—you’re too much,
“She mostly rests these days, I hear,” Howard says, even though he doesn’t really remember if Gingerbread is the brown horse or the one with the white spot on its forehead.
hurt. It occurred to him maybe Tony had been working very hard on reverting him back to the serum because he knew how awkward it would be to have to break things off between them entirely because Steve now looked like a malnourished fourteen-year-old.
“One sec,” came a voice inside, hoarse in a way that sent embarrassingly tingly shivers down Tony’s spine.
He tries to pull his hand away, but Tony holds it firmly in place between his palms.
“Can I come along?”
Tony blinked rapidly, still trying to get used to the new reality of not-kissing-Steve, and looked to see the two Sovereign citizens staring at them, standing in front of the elevator with scandalized expressions.
Steve wanted to punch him. “I know that,” he said, attempting to put his hands in his pockets only to remember he was wearing his old, ratty pajama pants. God, what a picture he must have painted for Stark’s eyes – the crippled neighbor who couldn’t even remember to grab his keys when he left the house. “I’ll call one in the morning.”
Steve shifts, his large frame almost comical over the tiny stool. Distantly, Tony makes a mental note to get bigger chairs. “I suppose. They were… Very. Uh. Very open.”
Steve, clearly, didn’t think that, because his hand tightened a little on Tony’s arm, seemingly in a reflex. “
He ends up by the desserts table, which is not a bad place to be. He entertains himself with chocolate truffles as he watches the dance floor fill with people. Wanda and Vision spin together as if oblivious to the music; Rhodey and Carol are laughing and having a contest of steps; and Natasha goes by many partners, always swift and graceful. Steve distracts himself a little, watching her. Her movements carry an incredible preciseness he usually only sees when they spar together. She dances with Thor for a while, but his moves seem to be a little too exuberant for her; Bruce steps in, but he’s too tipsy to keep up; and then, finally, Tony appears by her side and enlaces her waist, getting a smirk in response as they quickly fall into a synchronized movement.
He rolls away, and Steve has to fight back a whine at the cold that hits his body at the absence of Tony over him. It last barely a moment, though, because in one second Tony’s back, his muscular thighs evident as he kneels in front of Steve.
“Okay.” Tony nods and shifts closer, body curling up against Steve’s, feeling the warmth of his large frame. “I guess we’re, uh, in agreement, then.”
It’s all so fast Steve barely has the chance to react. Before he knows it, Tony is back at his side, though not as close as before. He pushes a flute on Steve’s hand. Steve thinks they should probably toast, but Tony is already taking a sip of his – a sip that drowns out nearly half the glass.
“I’m sorry,” he said. Tony chuckled.
be right.
Stark grins in response, looking both surprised and amused, and Tony, next to him, chuckles.
“Don’t thank me. I mean it. Stevie—he can be hard to figure out. Most people look at him and see just… the propaganda, y’know, the dancing monkey.” Tony frowns. “But he really opens up with you.”
“And she will remain hoping.” Howard’s throat scratches as he speaks. He eyes the wine next to the throne, his mouth feeling dry as he sees the little drops of water dripping from the bottle. He can’t drink yet, though – there have been whispers, of course there have been, and he will not feed them so easily. He motions for Obadiah to go on, forcing himself to look away from the bottle.
By the time they got home, though, Tony’s anxiety had resurfaced again. Even as he grinned at Steve and continued to talk normally, his hands twitched hopelessly in the pockets of his jacket. He wondered if Steve’s occasional lingering gaze was enough of a hint of what his reaction would be if Tony tried to close the evening with a goodnight kiss.
It’s worth it, he’s thinking, when Tony smiles, stands up and says
Steve wishes they could have kissed. Or hugged. Or touched in any way at all. Maybe it isn’t part of their arrangement, but still. He wishes.
“Just be sure to rest, then, alright?” He turns his head towards Tony, voice a little lighter. Tony is a little stuck on his hands – big, gentle hands going over his pillow, smoothing and softening as if the regular pillow is not worthy of Tony’s head. “FRIDAY will let me know if you keep working,” Steve adds, voice playful but firm, as if he’s had the experience of having to put Tony to bed many, many times before.
“Hey,” Steve whispers, light in a way that lets Tony know he’s definitely smiling, and a part of Tony wants to cry. He wants to cry, because the most fucked up part of everything is that it feels so
Tony is babbling nonsense, now. His hands are so strong on Steve’s hips - they're bound to leave marks, and Steve wishes he didn’t have the serum so they wouldn’t fade for weeks.
“It’s, uh,” Tony says, his voice a little shaky. “It’s old. The. The scar tissue, I mean. It’s from the old one.”
At this, Tony stands up, taking a few steps towards him. His clothing is rumpled, as though he moved often in his sleep. “You… What?”
There’s a moment, a split second in which Tony doesn’t react, and Steve is so afraid he thinks he won’t make it through this, then he feels the warm weight of Tony’s hand holding his.
Tony is grinning too, before he can think about it. And then he’s giggling, because he’s
“Sorry,” Natasha says from the water, not sounding sorry at all. The children, all around her in their little floats, don’t bother with the courtesy.
Steve’s frown had deepened, of course it had, but the alien on the screen – and Tony kept forgetting his name and he knew if he kept mentally calling him “Mr. Clean”, the nickname would stick and he’d never know what was he actually called – seemed taken aback.
Tony frowns as if Steve has said something very intriguing.
Tony raises his eyebrows, and for a moment Steve thinks he’s going to ask something, but then Stark looks at the bed and smiles.
He’s not looking at Rhodey, but he knows Rhodey must make a face as he comes inside. Tony doesn’t blame him: it must be a somber sight, himself sitting at his worktable looking through endless data, some armor pieces scattered around in front of him, the only other living soul asleep in the center of the room.
“I’ll take your word for it.” Sam chuckled and shook his head. “I can’t believe I actually thought you meant it when you said Anakin would be the last one.”
He trails off, staring at Steve expectantly, and Steve feels dizzy by that gaze, shifting in the same spot. “Me?” He echoes, confused. He thinks of the grace of Tony’s movements guiding Natasha across the dance floor, of how easy he made it seem. The heat in his cheeks sinks to his neck, his stomach mimicking its movement with dread. Steve forces an awkward chuckle. “No, I don’t think so.”
“But I want you to stay,” Tony replies, and right after the words come of his mouth he realizes that, yeah, this is it. This is what he should have said a long time ago.
“I’ve said my piece,” Tony interrupted, because, at the end of the day, it was true. He had. “I created the issue, I apologized, and I meant it. Not much more to do there, I’m afraid.” Steve’s gaze was impossible to read, so Tony turned away from his face, towards the elevator. “And now, I think we have bigger issues to focus on, if you don’t mind. You know, things like the victim of Midas who wants to get into your pants?”
Tony can’t see his face, but he can vaguely assume he’s eating something. There’s a newspaper in his non-metal hand.
“No reporters here to see your act, punk.” Bucky bites a piece of pizza he’s holding. His eyes quickly wander off Steve, finding Sam across the dance floor, and a flush colors his cheeks.
he tells himself, and the image of Steve lying on that cold lab table is what does it, gives him courage to open the door and finally step outside.
He came to their room early, to meet Steve for breakfast. His play, he had decided, would be a very effective one, a true classic: he’d act like nothing had happened.
Tony risked a look at Steve. He kept his face under control, but Tony could see, in his eyes, clearly spelled out:
“I--” he tried, without a clue of how to justify himself. His face burned hot with shame—
The few remaining brain cells Tony has left work on relearning the alphabet. “…Right. And, might I inquire—what would be the place to wear it?”
it. Tony, at least, doesn’t – all he needs is Steve, one more time. Steve, alive, in his arms. Just one more time.
Well. With one memorable exception.
“And, to be honest, I don’t know why you would do something like that,” Ayesha tilted her head, her eyes sparkling with barely disguised angry. “Unless you really thought me and my people to be
They kiss for a long time before Tony’s finger pushes for his entrance again, and this time it’s easier – it slips inside, a pressure that feels a little strange but not uncomfortable. Tony introduces a second finger, and it burns a little more this time, but then he starts a circular movement, pushing deeper. It’s painful for a moment, but he keeps moving, and then--and
“Oh. A childhood infatuation, then? Tony tells me you used to work in our stables.” Howard throws the information on the table casually, as if he and Tony have been discussing Rogers in detail since his arrival. The man’s expression is unreadable, though, so Howard can’t tell if he buys it.
Tony probably shouldn’t be annoyed about it, because Steve is always so careful to not wake him up, but he is.
Rhodey wouldn’t say anything, just nodding quietly and changing the subject, because he was a good friend like that.)
Steve’s breath is like needles inside his lungs.
, for Stark to play with him right now, after everything that had already happened tonight. With a shock, Steve realized he didn’t believe Stark would be capable of that.
Stark stops, his mouth releasing Steve’s nipple with an obscene
, between two men, in Steve’s world. It just wasn’t within the realms of possibility.
It’s Steve’s turn to roll his eyes. “I don’t wake up that early.”
But he is,
Tony shifted. He opened and closed his hands nervously, at a complete loss for what to do. Steve wasn’t—He
“As you wish, darling,” Stark says with another kiss, this time to Steve’s collarbone. Then he lowers his head, leaning down as if he needs to get a close look as his hands start working on Steve’s nipples, circling it and flickering the nub, watching as they grow erect and even pinker. “Oh, you are gorgeous.”
“Okay,” Tony says, hands climbing to Steve’s shoulders, pushing him away lightly. His face must spell out his temptation to do otherwise, because Steve’s expression is amused, but thankfully, he doesn’t question Tony’s behavior, only nodding and still taking a moment too long before finally standing up and turning his back to the bed.
“Okay,” Tony says, body rigid.
Steve’s eyes are so wide his eyelashes touch the freckle. And Tony loves this freckle, and this man, so much. He loves his stoicism and his self-righteousness and his stubbornness and his sadness. He loves Steve and he loves every part of Steve, even the parts Steve himself doesn’t love, the parts that go away when he wants to imagine he can live a happy life.
“Hmm,” Stark hums, as Steve’s touch descends to cup the front of his crotch. “I see that you can also –
That had been date number one. Date number two happened almost a week later, after Rhodey managed to convince Tony Steve wouldn’t
“You look as if you’ve seen a ghost,” he said, and Steve opened his mouth to argue, but he was interrupted by a loud meowing sound coming from Stark’s apartment. “Oh, shush, you. As if you don’t already know it’s him.”
He loves Tony’s wrinkles, loves kissing them with special care and attention, because he knows Tony’s embarrassed of them. He loves the tinge of grey in Tony’s hair, loves running his hands though the fine silver locks.
The weight of this, this—honor, this privilege, is almost too much, and Steve feels his eyes burning. He doesn’t want to cry, though, doesn’t want to do anything that could make Tony uncomfortable, so instead he shuts his eyes, leans forward and presses a small, tender kiss on the center of the reactor, feeling the hard surface against his lips.
“Yeah, I got that.” Tony shifts, uncomfortable, his hands flying to his pockets. “Mind you, did you think candle lit dinners are just a regular thing men do nowadays in platonic friendships? Because that might explain why you’re having a hard time finding gym buddies.”
Barnes stares at him with a shocked, nervous gaze Tony is pretty sure he would never see in the man’s real face. “Stark,” he calls, and it doesn’t sound like his voice – it mixed with something else, another voice, stern and strong and that makes Tony’s heart swell in his chest. “Is everything okay?”
Back then, the all-consuming rage and hurt felt so huge it was almost overwhelming. It was easier, in those times, to pretend it was still about Barnes, when it never was, not really.
It all seems to happen at the same time: Tony’s grip on his hair strengthens and Stark’s finger starts teasing the rim of his hole. Steve gasps, and Tony takes advantage of the opening to pull Steve’s head forward, feeding his cock to him in one swift motion. Steve shuts his eyes, his lips stretching as he nearly chokes from the quick intrusion, but it’s good, to taste Tony on top of his tongue, to feel him pulsing against the inside of Steve’s mouth.
“Wait,” Tony says, and his voice sounds low, almost a whisper.
“The CIA guy – Everett Ross - thinks we should try moving him to Wakanda,” Rhodey says. “It’s still just an idea. It won’t be easy to negotiate, all the bureaucracy…”
He hadn’t, until that period after their big victory, known how Tony looked while being cold. Tony was warmth and chaos, fire and brightness. It felt foreign and wrong, the indifference in his actions and voice, and Steve’s chest felt so tight it hurt when he breathed, as if he was freezing again, from the inside this time.
Namely, it’s easier to hate Barnes when he’s hating Steve.
“He’s not a regular dog,” Stark said. “Well – to be honest, he’s not a dog at all. He’s more like… a poltergeist.” He sighed. “My own personal spiritual burden.”
“Wonderful,” he said, after tasting the dish. It probably was, but the taste was neutered by how full of knots his stomach felt, in anticipation of
It takes a moment for them to find the right angle without bumping their noses. Steve’s hands are a little hesitant on Tony’s waist, as if he’s afraid of hurting him if he holds on too strongly, and Tony can tell he definitely hasn’t kissed many people in the 21st century. The kiss is all enthusiasm and no technique, nervous and clumsy.
There are, Steve thinks, probably few places better than the palace of Wakanda to throw a party. And—well, Steve doesn’t know her well enough to say for sure, but, if he were to make a guess, he’d say T’Challa’s new wife definitely knows how to take advantage of that. She is at the center of the gorgeously lit dance floor, leading a group of people beating drums around her.
“What?” The man said. “Oh, do you mean, the other dog?” His face twisted in a weird expression. “I… don’t know.”
Howard blinks. For an insane moment, he thinks Rogers is joking, but the man would have to be a complete lunatic to make a joke such as this.
Tony can’t imagine any version of himself, dream or not, ever getting used to this.
And he gets it.
” Is all he says before throwing himself over Steve, pulling him in a toe-curling kiss and pushing him to lay on the bed. After that, rational thought becomes a luxury very distant from Steve’s mind, hopeless against the wet, deep kisses Tony presses all over his neck while his hands are back on Steve’s nipples, pinching and pulling. Tony straddles him, and Steve’s cock brushes the front of his pants, feeling the hardness of his erection against the fine wool, and Steve lets out a moan that’s immediately lost to Tony’s tongue.
Warmth bloomed in Tony’s chest. Maybe they were going to be able to pull this thing off, after all.
“No. Go on your run,” Tony says, his own voice gaining steadiness for what feels like the first time since he got inside the dream. He won’t do this, no matter how much he wants to taste the full extent of Steve’s kisses, how much he wants to know how his body shudders and shivers when it’s touched, how much he wants to hear his voice shaken and overwhelmed with pleasure, unable to say anything other than
The elevator door opened to the main floor, and Tony lowered Steve to the ground, letting him run around to do whatever, as Tony walked towards the first chair he saw and dropped his body on it.
intense and unforgiving as soon as he opens his eyes, a shock that makes him feel blind for a few seconds.
He looks so beautiful it’s almost scary. He looks like Steve’s whole future.
“You’re like me, Tony. I’m not any more pleased about this than you are.” He taps the fingers of his free hand on the chair’s arm. “We have our differences, but at the end of the day, we’re the same.” Tired of waiting, he pulls the flask out of his vest, opens it and takes a large sip.
“I made a decision,” Howard informs him.
Which is why it keeps happening.
Between the old-timer lingo and the earnestness dripping from every word, Tony’s having a really hard time keeping himself from touching Steve right now, but he doesn’t want to push him. He nods, trying to seem encouraging.
Tony is too smart not to hear what Rhodey is saying, and Rhodey is too smart not to know that.
“Yeah, I got that.” Tony circled him, not letting his eyes off Steve’s body. Steve tightened the cross of his arms. “Bruce’s data didn’t mention anything about it bothering you, but I guess it should have been obvious. It just slipped by us.”
Again and again.
at the mere thought, but he would never do it if there’s even the slightest chance Steve may not want it as much as he does. “And when we get back, we’ll… cuddle. Yeah. And, then, uh…” He searches his brain for something to say. “We can put Lord of the Rings on.”
Steve hums pleasantly and then asks Tony if he’s seen the world’s fastest skateboarding bulldog yet.
“You should probably listen to your ‘husband’, Captain,” Ayesha said. Tony’s stomach twisted. “Especially since this is a rare occasion where he’s actually looking at you, as opposed to glancing anywhere other than your direction.”
pity – but he couldn’t help but imagine: the two of them in that big house, holding each other, chatting about their routine, when Steve’s name came up, and a look of sadness crossed their faces, and maybe Gail said
Steve took a deep breath, trying to stop his flow of thoughts. He still had work in the morning, he reminded himself. He should try to catch at least a couple hours of sleep.
Natasha shrugs with a knowing smile. “To some people, maybe.”
come along?”
This gets a blinding smile out of Steve. “Fine by me. The shelter is great – you’ll see, you’re gonna love it.”
Tony scoffed. “I don’t know? To talk, maybe? Perhaps it was different in your time, Cap, but nowadays, when you’re hooking up with someone, it gets a little weird if they just start ignoring you out of the blue.”
? Tony asks, desperately clinging to some remaining shred of doubt, but he already knows what Steve is going to say.
“Yes,” Tony says, slowly. Some engine inside his brain has started twirling, even if he hasn’t processed why. “With you. What about that makes anything I did inappropriate?”
Steve pressed his lips together, his mouth a thin line.
“He cares about you,” he chokes out instead. “He… really, really does.”
Tony just goes along, playing up the role of sleep-deprived zombie, because even his genius mind needs a moment to wrap itself around what’s happening.
Steve’s heart hammers in his ribcage as response, just the proximity of them already making his blood rush, and Tony can definitely tell, because his hand reaches for Steve’s chin, pulling him into a firm, reassuring kiss. Steve can’t help but sigh at the contact of his mouth, lips parting as if on cue as he feels the delicious, familiar touch of Tony’s lips and tongue.
Steve squirms again, because Tony is in love with the most stubborn human being on the planet. “I have to go,” he says, visibly trying to sound firm even though his voice is all slurred.
The thought hits him like lightning, and it’s as if an electric current takes over him. Since when did Tony Stark ever care about what was easy?
He starts biting and kissing Steve’s back as well, much more slowly than Tony, but also more deliberately, even scraping his teeth over recent bruises. Tony then gets to his nipples, mercilessly sucking the sensitive nubs until Steve is seeing stars. By then, Steve loses track of himself – of what he says, what he does, even what he’s thinking. All he can feel is Tony –
“Are you sure you’re gonna be able to fall asleep?” Steve asks, sounding genuinely concerned and a little… something else, that Tony is not quite sure what it is. “Want me to stay with you?”
See, the thing about saving the universe is that it’s a pretty awesome endeavor while it’s happening – fighting for humanity, putting every sore feeling behind for the greater good and all of that crap. When it’s done, though, all you’re left with is a supersoldier who smashed your heart in a million pieces, and it’s just awkward.
He turns immediately, a little startled, because he didn’t see Tony during the ceremony. And yet there he is, impeccably dressed in a two-piece suit that immediately that makes Steve feel underdressed in his old, boring grey suit that he wore only a few months ago at Wanda and Vision’s wedding. Looking at Tony now, incredibly sharp in his dark blue jacket, Steve wishes he’d bothered to buy something new to wear.
He did his best to keep his mind off the kiss, but it was a futile effort. On the rare moments where he managed to forget the soft, sweet feel of Steve’s lips, his mind was drawn back to the bedroom, to Steve’s muffled sobs. Those small, pained noises.
He wants to stop looking, but he can’t really look away, because it’s not like Steve can catch him staring this time, after all. So he just watches, drinks in every line of Steve’s face. The beard is an addition that seemed jarring at first, but grows more natural every time Tony sees it. It makes him look older, dangerous, like a true criminal on the run. But to Tony it stings a little just because it reminds him of the time they spent apart – it reminds him of dreams of cupping Steve’s smooth face and feeling his silky skin against his, and it reminds him those dreams are long gone, fading in the space between them as the years had passed.
Steve let the nickname wash over him, leaving warmth in its wake. He mouthed
No, he’s looking at Steve. Sun burnt, happy Steve. Steve, in love. Steve, with Tony’s arm around his waist, body leaned towards him even if he’s looking at the camera. Steve who has a team, who has his best friend back. Steve who touches Tony all the time, closes his eyes to kiss Tony’s hand, asks Tony about his feelings and loves him without a care in the world.
“Looks like we have an eager audience.” Slowly, he lowers his hands to Tony’s waist, his tongue moistening his lips. It’s deliberate and Steve knows he’s teasing him, but he also notices he’s giving Tony time to back away if he wants to. Tony doesn’t. “We should put on a little bit of a show, don’t you think, darling?”
They break away momentarily, and even as Steve pants, he can’t help but notice the gorgeous flush in Tony’s skin, how his chest heaves up and down as he breathes.
He learned that from Maria. She spoiled Tony a lot, when she thought that would awaken some feeling of motherhood inside her. She would give him all the sweets and toys he asked, even as her gaze grew bitter at her newfound duties.
as he watches the plan pass him by.
Tony may be a little blind, sometimes, but he’s not an idiot, and he’s learned to accept the impossible when it’s presented right in front of him. That’s just how his life goes, apparently: this guy turns into a green monster, aliens are real, your dead father saved your life with a new element, and, hey, Steve Rogers is in love with you. Have a nice day.
“Yeah,” Tony says. “Sorry for the mess, but I wasn’t really expecting any visitors.”
Steve is taking everything at such a glacial – ha, ha, ha, get it? Ice? Okay, fine, maybe the sexual frustration is getting to him a little - pace. He just can’t bring himself to ask.
“That is my gift to you,” Howard continues. “Even if it takes years and I’m not here anymore to see it, when he leaves, when nothing you have is enough to make him stay, you will remember this talk, and you will be ready.”
He also knows he’s good at flirting. He knows how to be seductive without being inconvenient, how to be flattering without exaggerating, how to be suggestive without pushing any boundaries. He has mastered his technique over years, practicing with many different people. He never had any trouble getting a date, and, to be completely honest, he doesn’t think he ever will.
He only sees Tony again at night, when he comes to bed and wraps his arms around Steve’s waist.
, Tony thought, watching Steve struggle with his phone settings to attempt to take a selfie with a painting and having to fight back an honest to god sigh.
“I could do this all day,” Steve says, eyes fluttering closed, focusing on the feel of Tony’s body moving close to his. His cheeks hurt from smiling. “You know,” he adds, frowning a little, when the first song from earlier comes up again, the singer boasting about not being in love. “I couldn’t have picked a song more inappropriate if I tried.”
“I--” he stuttered. He meant to say everything was alright, to tell Stark to go to sleep, but he couldn’t make the words come out.
“Yeah?” Stark asked, and Steve was almost angry at him for doing so, because he didn’t want to have to agree one more time. He just wanted Stark to take his answer, hold his wrist, and—
“CIA caught Tiberius on his way to his private jet yesterday evening. See, you’d know that if you'd answered my calls,” Rhodey pulls up a chair, sitting next to Tony. “He claims it’s the greatest scientific breakthrough of the century and that
(Tony didn’t think that, not really. He had, at one point, certainly—and at the moment, in the bunker, with Steve on top of him, it had seemed clear. Obvious, even.
“We can wake him up gently,” Bruce completes, nodding frantically. “Make him aware he is dreaming just before we turn everything off.”
He doesn’t want Steve to know he dreams of his mouth sometimes – that he wakes up thinking about the way he laughed and the way he moaned and the way a small dimple appeared in his cheek as he smiled. He doesn’t want Steve to know that he misses their effortless synchronicity in the battle field. Above all, he doesn’t want Steve to know he misses
Tony sighing, nobody can prove anything, regardless of what the dopey smile on his face might suggest.
Then Steve walks towards him, and Tony thinks: he’s going to pass by him. He
“I thought you wouldn’t be in the city”, Steve agrees slowly, trying to find some common ground. Tony nods emphatically.
“Sorry,” Tony says, running a hand through his hair. He’s really thankful for his terrible sleeping habits for providing a reasonable explanation for why his voice sounds so shaky. “I’m just a little twitchy.” He tries a reassuring smile.
When Tony is inside him, he takes it slow—almost
“I didn’t want to hurt you,” Steve said, and that shut Tony up, his mouth closing with a click. Steve blinked, seeming a little shocked at the effect. Though, being Steve, of course, he soldiered on. “I know that’s what I did, in many ways. But I never wanted to. And I didn’t think it would matter, because it doesn’t change what happened, but after you—After…” He swallowed. “I just wanted you to know I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Gonna meet Sam at the park,” Steve says, and it takes Tony’s genius, brilliant brain a moment to catch up. Oh, yeah. He always liked Sam, which, clearly, was a terrible mistake.
“Bruce won’t answer his phone.” Tony blurts. Part of him wants to shake Rhodey off and just go, but the thing about Rhodey is that something about him always makes it difficult for Tony to do that. “I need him to scan Cap for side effects before I inject my nanites in him. We can’t wait until tomorrow, we don’t know how long until that thing starts damaging his brain—”
“Yeah. I… I mean, I think it’s great, of course.” Tony smiles, because, well, duh. Steve smiles back, but his is a little more subdued. “It’s just… still very different, I guess.” His hand goes to the back of his neck. The look on his face – Tony already knows what it means. It’s Steve's face when he reminiscing. “Back then, you didn’t talk about it. You tried to not let it show, because if you did, you’d be in trouble.”
here?”
His tone of voice leaves little doubt about what he is asking, and Steve feels his face heat as he immediately denies it. It’s an insane question, of course – these things don’t really
A ring on a very
But, see, the thing is—Tony wanted it to be real. He still does.
He raises his head, and it’s Steve’s turn to look at their hands.
Stark follows him, and Steve sees stars as they both fall in sync, each pushing even deeper inside him. He clenches on Stark’s cock and hears him make a strangled noise. Stark’s torso goes down, over him, and his hands find the mattress at Steve’s sides. His movement never slows, though, growing even faster as he lets out an endless flow of praise that Tony quickly joins in, saying Steve feels good, so perfect, so
They did.
On his way outside, he thinks of Tony, wonders what is he doing. However, Howard knows he’s either warming the bed of a prostitute, or stuck in his chambers frantically working. Somehow, both options are equally infuriating.
He’s never needed one
. Then he shifts, face very red as he stares at a seashell.
.” Howard shakes his head, smiling, and decides: no reason to hold back anymore. He takes the bottle and fills his goblet, taking one long, delicious sip. “You know, if it wasn’t impossible, I’d think you had gotten him pregnant. That’s usually where most of those sudden feelings of love come from.”
It wasn’t everything, but it was something.
“What would we do?” he finally forced himself to ask, keeping his eyes shut as an extra, though illusory, protection. He didn’t want to see the expression in Tony’s face. “If I… stayed like this?”
“Nope. I said it first, I proclaimed it, it is now written: you’re the ridiculous one.” Tony shakes a finger in his direction in mock accusation, then settles his hand back on the table, after a moment. Their fingers are dangerously close. “Seriously, though, what I mean is, we can talk about this stuff. I mean… Really, whenever you want, I’ll be glad to hear it.”
…” He waits, the line ringing on the other end, pacing, pressing the phone to his ear way too strongly. “Come on, pick up, pick up… God
Steve draws in a sharp breath. He thinks he gets what Tony is trying to do, now, and the overwhelming generosity of the gesture is such that he feels as if he owes it to him to stare in his eyes before answering: “I’d probably only embarrass myself.”
Steve doesn’t want him to pull away, but he doesn’t know what to say. He has no idea what this touch means.
Of course, when he
The second voice sends a shiver down Steve’s spine, because he’d recognize that voice anywhere.
as he takes a few steps forward and pretty much tackles Tony on the bed.
Tony could feel Steve tensing next to him, more than he already was.
Whatever, Tony thought. He supposed he did have some leeway on being unfair to Steve, even if he ended up spending it all on stupid things like making divorce jokes or hacking the space station’s security system just to make sure he could successfully avoid Steve for the rest of the night, shamelessly moving from room to room in a ridiculous game of cat and mouse until Steve finally gave up trying to find him.
“And you. You said we were… Are we…” Steve starts, trailing off at the end, still looking a little like a deer in headlights. “Are we dating?”
There’s no way Tony can bring himself to ask these questions, so he doesn’t say anything. Instead, he lets his body answer, and, apparently, it turns out what his body wants is to hold Steve’s hands, so that’s what he does. He stares into Steve’s eyes – he’s fascinated by how the shades of blue mix in them, how they go from cold to warm in about a thousand different ways, how his eyelashes frame them and turn his strong gaze into something almost delicate.
“No, not yet. Hey,” he says, his other hand squeezing Steve’s. “I’m here. I’m here with you, okay? Focus on me.”
“Feels good, huh?” Tony whispered, sounding amused, and Steve almost instinctively attempted to straighten his back. “Hey, relax. It’s supposed to feel good, you know.”
There’s a moment of silence.
He didn’t tell Steve that, of course. The team was back together, the Accords were down, and the rogues and James Barnes had all been pardoned in the eyes of the law. There really was no reason to drag it out any further, Tony thought.
Tony nods. Vision and Wanda – that makes sense. Doesn’t give him any indication of where Steve is, though. So far, everything looks… strangely normal. Which is even more nerve-wrecking.
“I,” he said, at the exact same time Steve said “Tony”. The awkwardness doubled.
But this doesn’t apply to Steve. In fact, Tony finds that the more he finds out about Steve, the more he wants to know. Even now – with Steve away, with the mere thought of him hurting Tony’s chest – this is still true. He wants to know – he wants to understand. He wants to… to not understand, either, if that’s what it takes. He wants…
“No reason,” Tony hurries to reply. He settles more onto Steve’s embrace, telling himself the bullshit lie that he’s only doing it to reassure him, and not because the contact makes his body more relaxed and comfortable than he has felt in months. “Just, I don’t know. I think too much.”
“Well,” Ayesha said, with a gesture towards the food. There were two large trays in front of them, one carrying a very colorful salad of fruits and vegetables Tony didn’t recognize and one carrying something that resembled a very large casserole. “What are we waiting for?”
“Don’t stop,” Steve tells him.
Steve fishes his phone out of his pocket and places it in Tony’s hand so he can see the date.
“You enjoy drinking,” he says, finally, and the judgement on his eyes is so clear, so sharp, that Howard is momentarily too taken aback by the sheer insolence of it to even be offended.
He tilts his head, coming closer so he’s pretty much speaking against Steve’s mouth when he says, “Good."
“Right,” Steve says. He steps aside, gesturing for Tony to come in, still taking in how drenched he is. “But—but what are you
The restaurant worked, too. It was a discreet bistro not too far away from the Tower. The food tasted delicious, and Steve cleaned up his plate with such voracity that Tony simply had to convince him to order dessert. Steve complained a little, saying it wasn’t fair to let Tony pay for everything, but Tony won the argument, promising he’d let Steve pay next time (Steve didn’t even blink at the suggestion that there would
Steve gives his hand a light squeeze. “Everything okay?”
“…I’ll call you before I leave for dinner,” Steve’s voice whispers, and Tony only vaguely registers it, focused on the warmth of Steve’s breath against his skin. “I love you.”
“Hello,” he said, sounding breathless but nonchalant enough. “What a great morning, huh?”
“He’s quite stubborn,” he says. It’s the first thing he’s said to Howard since the slap. It’s also – Howard frowns as he notices – a rare moment where his voice sounds lower, a far cry from his usual mouthy rhythm. A ghost of a smile even appears on his lips. Howard hadn’t stopped to notice, but it is perhaps the first time he’s smiled since that day, as well.
He runs the comb through Tony’s hair, taming the wet curls. The result reminds him of the Tony he used to see in the news, with his hair slicked back with expensive gel. That was way before Steve knew him as a person, and even longer before Steve started knowing him as
Steve sighed.
“You—What?” He blinks, a slow, silly grin blooming in his lips. “Is
to kill me. That’s not what I said. He
“You don’t have to do this, you know,” Tony says, but his own voice sounds a little distant, almost dazed. “I mean, geez—I wanted to surprise you, and now here you are, having to take care of me.”
“Have a seat,” Stark said, as if it was his house. Steve complied, though, because he just wanted to understand something,
“Relax.” He spread some more oil over Steve’s lower back. “He’s the healthcare professional, I get it.” Steve almost opened his mouth to say that clearly, he didn’t, when Tony’s thumbs pressed on his lower muscles and he inhaled sharply instead. “But I’m not so bad, see?”
There are tears prickling in the corners of Steve’s eyes right now, and Tony wants nothing more than to lean forward and kiss them away, but he needs to get through this. For both of them, he must.
“I’m,” Tony forces himself to spit out, even as Steve’s thumbs stroke his cheeks and he shakes. Steve’s hands are so big, so warm and he can feel they’re calloused but the way they’re holding his face, the way Steve is
“Leave it,” Steve said when Stark attempted to shoo the cat away. He was still shaky, but he was slowly growing a little steadier, his mind grabbing onto details of the world around him to remind him that was where he was now, and not
, and it’s too cute for Tony to be annoyed. He shifts his head a little, and the next kiss Tony plants is on his lips, chaste for the sake of sparing them both from morning breath.
His hand acts on its own volition, touching the reactor and circling the skin around it. Tony lets him, his smile wide and comforting, and Steve thinks that one single lifetime is probably not even enough.
Tony speaks a lot, but Steve forces himself to get a word in, from time to time. It’s a little awkward and Steve wishes he could be more at ease, but he can’t – there’s fire in his chest, curling at every movement of Tony’s body, at every sign of life he emanates.
But he wants. He wants Tony, and he wants Tony so much it hurts, as if the intensity could burn a hole in his chest. And he wants all of this – the burn, the nerves, the fears. And if Tony wants it too, if Tony wants him
In a separate cabinet, there are all his suits, and then, at the end of the closet, there’s a specific one in a garment bag.
Sam’s opinion, of course, was that Steve had an admirer, but Sam seemed to think Steve had admirers everywhere, always valiantly attempting to encourage Steve’s non-existent love life. Bucky, much more practical, suggested the man could have mistaken him for someone else.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he looks like he’s expecting Tony to say something.
it in some ways.” He shrugged. “Some of their tricks are better perceived than others. And making humans do the work, well—that’s always a hit.”
There’s a moment of silence, where Tony can hear Steve finishing changing. Then he feels a light touch on his shoulder. He sits up quickly, almost as a reflex, but thankfully not shrugging Steve’s hand off. When he turns, Steve is wearing his workout clothes and staring at him with thoughtful eyes.
Howard’s hand clings to the throne’s arms, feeling the smooth wood against his palm. “Tony is meant to marry Sunset Bain,” he grunts.
“Hey, man,” he says, and even his voice sounds different – lighter, with a soft tone that Tony vaguely identifies as
“Not a terrible idea, I suppose, but no, darling, I won’t.” Stark’s voice sent shivers down Steve’s neck as he climbed onto the bed. Steve’s face warmed and his breath shortened, even though Stark hadn’t lied about the mattress’ size. Still - he couldn’t feel Stark’s body next to his at all, but he could
Steve raises an eyebrow at Tony as he lands, splashing sand around. The armor strips off Tony’s body, slowly exposing the physique he’s definitely flaunting after all those sparring sessions with Thor, because he
Tony’s eyes widen, and his mouth falls open, and Howard can see the barely chewed dinner. To his credit, Tony chews before answering and lowers his fork to the table carefully. Howard wishes he displayed these manners all the time.
“Sorry,” Steve said, suddenly, and for a moment it seemed that he was talking to Tony. He blinked, his cheeks a deep red as he seemed to remember who he was supposed to be saying that word to, turning towards the aliens.
. He may want this, may feel his body
It’s still not any easier to watch. Steve is restrained on the table, and if he were anyone else, Tony would guess they had arrived too late, just from how pale he looks.
Steve caring for both Barnes and him.
Tony shakes. Even from his seat, Howard can see that he does. “He… He isn’t…”
Still.
All in all, it was a great choice, even though it was far from the place Tony would have picked to take Steve on a first date – though, to be fair, Tony wouldn’t have been able to rent out the Louvre on such little notice anyway.
was having to stay benched on the days after the battle for the ship. He couldn’t help Thor while he was guarding the perimeter just in case more HYDRA agents or aliens would show up. He couldn’t help Hulk and Tony to unload heavy machinery they got from the spaceship in a quinjet. Hell, he couldn’t even sit down to
Tony doesn’t pull away. Instead, he grins, wide and beautiful, and, eyes blazing like liquid gold, he leans forward and captures Steve’s mouth in a soft, chaste kiss.
Steve smiles back, but he can’t relax, too focused on Tony’s words—the words
Two days later, something even stranger happened.
“It’s because of the scoliosis,” he said, and Steve’s head snapped at him. “Geez, don’t look so shocked—I mean, come on, it was in your file. It’s hardly a state secret.”
And, yeah, it was a little… weird, at times. Tony had never dated – or hell, even been attracted to someone for so long without moving things to the physical side of the equation. With Steve, though, that side didn’t seem to exist at all. Two months after their first date, they were going out at least once a week, and they still hadn’t kissed, or, shit, even held hands.
“Right,” Steve breathes. He wishes they could kiss. Not a deep, passionate kiss while fumbling with each other’s clothes - just… a kiss, light and chaste, with Tony smiling when they pulled apart. “We’re—we’re pretty late.”
“No, sir,” Jarvis says, impenetrable.
“True,” Steve said. He pinched the bridge of his nose, looking very, very tired. Tony wondered if this whole thing was at least one tenth as hard for Steve as it was for him, but he highly doubted it. “We’re lucky she just assumed we were going through a crisis.”
Not that Steve planned to confront the man at all, though. The only thing of value he had on him was his phone, and, though having to replace it would be a significant blow in his bank account, it was certainly not a reason to pick up a fight with someone who could be dangerous. He would much rather lose the phone and deal with the stranger right then and there, instead of risking being followed home.
being in love with Steve and
The fake funeral is a good party, Steve considers. He wasn’t sure about the idea when Bucky first told him, but now, thinking about it, it makes sense. Bucky was tired of being watched, of being followed by undercover reporters secretly waiting for him to go on a murder spree. He wanted the chance to take control of his life once and for all, and the funeral had been his way of doing it. Steve might not fully understand, but seeing the happiness in his face now, as he finds Sam and hugs his waist from behind, it’s impossible for him to be against it.
doing that right now makes his head spin.
But this one, it’s not—it’s not quite a dream, it’s a memory. It’s a memory clear as crystal, clear as the ideas that used to spring into his head endlessly every single day.
As he waited for Steve to open the door, he made plans. From his mental calculations, they had to take about twenty steps to the elevator and then another twenty to get to the restaurant where breakfast was being served (food was available at all times, as different species had different routines, but it was expected that, as Earth’s representatives, they adhered to a regular human schedule). Counting with the elevator, that was, what – four minutes of awkward silence? Tony could live with that. He really could.
While Steve is gone, Tony closes his eyes, trying to push himself toward sleep even though he knows there’s no way he will be able to do it. His own bed feels like a foreign territory, vastly different just with the knowledge that Steve will be there by his side, through the night. Tony finds himself worrying about ridiculous things, like how much he moves or shifts during sleep, or snoring, or sweating too much. Of course, the concern makes no sense, since Steve has been sleeping with him for a while in his fantasy now, so none of that would come as a surprise to him, but Tony can’t help but worry that Steve has expectations of pleasant behavior from his dream self that the real version of him can’t live up to.
safe, like this Steve is deeply familiar with this happiness, like he knows it’s his and it won’t ever go away.
Bucky was, as he said in the email’s last line,
It’s said in the most casual tone possible, but still, the use of his name is like a caress, a kiss like one of the many they’ve shared only a couple hours ago, and it feels as if it marks Steve’s skin just as much.)
Stark nodded, wordlessly. Steve was thankful he didn’t have to complete the sentence.
Steve blinks rapidly, sitting up. Tony continues to sleep, oblivious.
“You’re very transparent,” Stark comments. Steve, against all odds, manages to feel embarrassed even in that situation, with Stark’s dick in the middle of his ass.
There’s a noise on his side, something akin to a cough or laughter. Howard’s neck snaps as he turns.
Tony’s face is amused.
Tony chuckled, giving the back of Steve’s neck a nice, affectionate squeeze. “That,” he said, going back to the task of melting Steve’s heart with his fingertips, “could definitely be arranged.”
Granted, it’s not by Steve’s choice, either. In fact, Tony is pretty sure no one bothered to inform Thor of the entire ordeal he missed while roaming through space, so, when he comes back and decides they should gather the team together before Thanos comes, no one tells him to ask for Steve or Tony’s opinion beforehand.
“I don’t know how Thor does it,” he says, distant, his voice sounds… suspiciously,
Then, to Steve’s surprise, he walks past him, to the fridge. “Do you want to drink anything? I have wine that’s supposed to cost a few million here – might be good for a sip or two.”
He rarely dreams of her anymore. To be honest, he rarely remembers any of his dreams.
He wakes up to an alarm sound, jolting awake in a jump before realizing it’s just Tony’s phone.
“My back hurts,” he said instead.
Steve took a breath. He actually did it, as if Tony’s words were hurting him deeply, and, oh, God. “Okay. You don’t need to forget it if you can’t, but, Tony, just for the next few days, pretend it’s not a problem, okay? Later, I—I will stay out of your way, I promise. But just now, while we still need to keep the lie going, let’s just—”
But maybe he should, Steve thought, a little bitterly. It wasn’t as if Tony had any illusion that a beautiful muscular back was under the t-shirt’s fabric, but the reality was still uglier than if Steve had just dropped fifty pounds overnight. He wasn’t just small and skinny – his body was just strange, twisted and frail and nearly broken in its very shape, and maybe Tony had to get a good look at it firsthand to truly understand the extent of it.
So he nods. “I’m okay.” From the corner of his eye, he can see Rhodey and Bruce watching them in stunned silence, but he barely registers it, too focused on Tony to think of anything else. He takes his own hand to rest over his, touching it hesitantly, unsure if Tony will flinch or pull away.
He had barely believed it when he saw it, hovering over the beach and preparing to land. He had just announced his arrival over the comms to everyone else, and, yeah, maybe he should have been focused on saying hello to the Barton children, who were shrieking excitedly about seeing Iron Man, but instead he immediately focused his vision to check out Steve’s choice of bathing attire, and what he found was scandalizing.
“Your shirt is inside out,” he says. Steve looks down hurriedly, and he hears a chuckle. “Nah, I’m kidding. I wouldn’t let you know if it were.” He winks, and Steve feels himself smiling.
But opportunities such as this, Howard knows, are rarely offered without caveats. And the main thing that’s unsettling him, right now, is that, although he can see how accepting Rogers’ offer could benefit them, he has a hard time figuring out what’s in it for Rogers himself.
The pillow was comfortable – so much more comfortable than Steve’s cheap, old futon. Steve wondered if Stark had picked it from his bed and immediately decided he shouldn’t think about that. He turned to the couch’s cushion, his back to Stark.
with happiness, as if he had truly forgotten how it felt to be this way. “Thank you.”
“Tony—” he heard Steve saying behind him, his voice a faint whisper, but impossible to ignore all the same.
Howard’s hand is a flash in the air between them; a quick but strong sound, not unlike a whip, bounces off the walls. Howard barely feels the moment of contact between his hand and Tony’s face, only seeing it when Tony’s head snaps back.
Tony hardly manages a simple nod, still too shaky to move. Barnes steps forward to place his weights on the rack, and Tony knows he should take the moment to put himself together, but he can’t stop his flow of thoughts. He knew Barnes would always be a part of Steve’s dream life (maybe the most important part, he thinks, pain stinging his chest like sharp, bitter glass), but why is he here? At the compound? Could he and Steve be living here
“Hey.” Steve grins, but his expression is a little reflexive in a way that makes Tony worried. “Hard work,” he comments as they start walking towards the car.
He never stops tapping the table. He’s practically playing a song on his own, and he’s not even looking.
“I do,” Tony says. Then he tilts his head upwards, leaning in until his mouth touches Steve’s earlobe. “But allow me to tell you—" he presses a kiss that turns into the lightest suction, making Steve let out a tiny gasp “—I’m not the noisy one.”
Stark shifted, his body hovering over Steve in a way that made him feel strangely warm. He landed a hand on Steve’s shoulder, a light, hesitant touch. “Take a long breath, darling.” Steve obeyed, and Stark’s thumb drew an arch on his shoulder, sending a light shiver down Steve’s spine. Steve couldn’t help but look at it, and Stark immediately removed his hand, as if it had been burned. “Sorry,” he said, standing up. Steve had the insane impulse to ask him to come back. “I’ll get you a glass of water. Try to focus on breathing.”
And he really, really wants Stark to fuck him.
Seeing Steve’s efforts, though, the children’s open disinterest stings a little – Tony wants to tell them all to stop being spoiled brats and give some appreciation to this man who’s trying so hard and just looks so cute in the child-sized chair. He wants to tell them that, by getting Steve Rogers’ attention, they’ve already peaked in life at five-years-old, so they might as well enjoy it.
how it would feel, and that was somehow worse. “Everything okay?”
“I’m not upset,” Tony says, not wanting to create another glitching incident. “I’m just curious. Just asking.”
“Damnit,” Steve said, still looking around. He spotted the doorway to the park – the gate was closed, but the bars were wide enough for a small dog to squeeze in between. “He can’t have gone too far. I’d have seen it if he had ran away—”
—” He starts moving, his hips rocking forward and backwards in a steady rhythm.
“Yeah?” Tony says, and maybe it’s because he’s so close, but his eyes– they are incredibly bright, light brown turning slightly honeyed on the edge of his pupils. It’s Steve’s turn to swallow. “So, uh, so you think maybe, you could, possibly, maybe, want—I mean—would you…?”
“Tony,” he starts, unsure of how to do this, before deciding to just go right to the point: “Today is not our anniversary.”
Howard bites back a curse. Not even asking a question can be simple. “By the Gods, Tony,” he growls, genuine frustration slipping in his words. “You can never make anything easier, can you?”
More than anything, he wishes he hadn’t been so…
Tony has many, many theories to explain Steve’s lack of physical affection in their relationship. Some of them make sense, others are just purely delirious. Over time, though, and with Jarvis’ help, he has managed to bring it down to three.
“Yeah,” Tony says. Then, after a moment, “Do you?”
right now.
“…No,” Howard admits. “No, he isn’t. But it is what is expected of him. The Bains’ allegiance to this house has only grown more admirable as the years went by.”
if the goal was getting laid with another dude.”
“Yeah,” Tony says frantically, even though his voice shakes, and his face is so warm, and fuck, he’s sweating. Steve is now holding his sweaty hand. “I’m just. I.” He bites the inside of his cheek so hard it nearly draws blood, trying to make his next move careful, but it works as well as it can be expected. “I’m not wearing mine.”
Steve leans in against his chest and reaches up to press a kiss on his neck. “Good idea.”
Tony wraps his arms around himself. Although he’s staring ahead, Howard knows he isn’t looking at him anymore. He’s looking at his future, at the truth, at the fate of Stark men.
is an interesting thing to know,” Stark says, hand holding Steve’s chin and pulling him in for another kiss, much hungrier than the last one. His beard scratches Steve’s upper lip as he tilts his head, his grip growing firmer on Steve’s chin. He’s strong, Steve notices, and between the grip of his calloused hand and the scorching heat of his mouth, Steve is already dizzy by the time he starts feeling Tony’s mouth getting to work on his neck, leaving sucking kisses and light bites on the sensitive spots he knows so well. Steve quivers, his breath growing to small gasps against Stark’s mouth. They both work steadily and efficiently, as if Steve is a machine they know exactly how to fix, and the feeling of powerlessness sends a trail of fire down Steve’s chest, has his knees feeling weak.
“Hey,” Tony says, stopping them both and cupping Steve’s face with his hands. “You weren’t embarrassing yourself. It was a new experience, and I should have prepared you better, and, again, they’re kids, they don’t mean anything by it. Next morning they’ll already have forgotten all about—why are you looking at me like that?”
him, touching and kissing and holding him, Steve grabbing his hand under the table, Steve stroking his hair off his forehead in the morning… The images are impossible to avoid, and Tony wants that so much, it’s suffocating. Before, he could keep these thoughts at bay, but now, his overwhelming desire overshadows his fear, and he thinks, Rhodey is right. It’s time to be honest.
She used to laugh when Howard carried her to bed, way before Tony even dreamed of being born, and in bed she was all raspy whispers and sighs, muffled moans and words stretched out by her slurry voice. She’d whisper of love, then, and Howard, a man who had never believed in such a thing without the influence of alcohol, often whispered back.
So when Steve asks if he’s free tomorrow night, Tony really, really wants to kiss him. He doesn’t, though, instead tilting his head to the side in a way he knows is charming (hey, he’s allowed to employ some of his moves) and saying, “Always, Cap.”
Steve smiles, and it’s that same smile from before, easy, overflown with affection and fondness. His hand travels up Tony’s face, fingers tousling his hair, sending shivers all the way from Tony’s neck down to his toes. “I’m guessing someone has been in the lab too long again.”
“Hey, Cap.” Clint throws himself on the couch next to him and leans, trying to take a pick at his phone. It’s rude, but Tony can’t really blame him, because he’s one step away from offering actual money to find out what made Steve laugh like that. “What are you looking at?”
Once he finishes updating himself, Tony starts thinking strategies. The slight glitch when Steve felt his discomfort was dangerous, and Tony can’t let that happen again. He has no idea how Steve’s brain would react to Steve breaking out of the simulation without the nanites being turned off – would a different fantasy immediately replace the failed one? Or would he just be stuck in a blank coma, maybe indefinitely? Whatever it is, Tony doesn’t want to find out.
There’s a ring.
Steve asks if he’s alright, and Tony says:
There was a silence in which Steve’s heart sank, and he took a breath to brace himself for the inevitable.
Stark’s eyes spark with interest. “Really?” He holds one of the nipples in between his index finger and thumb, applying light pressure and pulling, sending a spark of delicious pain in his wake. Then he tilts his head upwards, coming to whisper in Steve’s ear as both of his hands continue the movement, pulling and twisting. “Do you like it when I play with your pretty tits, sweetheart?” The
He shifts on the bed without thinking, his discomfort too much to bear, and of course Tony notices, his eyes snapping to him.
Tony bites his inner cheek. He doesn’t want to think of Steve’s dream world, but he wonders how different it could be from the reality he’s actually living in. To be brought out of it so suddenly… It could be hard.
a dog? Did you really just say that?” Steve’s voice was low and rigid with fury. “He’s a living being. One that you’re supposed to take care of, but—” Steve glanced at the small Pomeranian, still being held, and his heart ached. He would have taken him right from his uncaring owner’s hands if that wasn’t technically stealing. “It doesn’t matter, because that was clearly not your dog.” He looked up to find Stark’s big, brown eyes blinking at him as if Steve was saying something deeply intriguing. “I don’t have time to deal with this right now.”
anymore.
,” Steve called, and this time Tony clearly didn’t have the advantage of catching a super soldier in an emotionally distraught state, because Steve caught up to him in no time, hand holding Tony’s arm. “We need to talk.”
“Okay,” Bruce says, from behind the worktable. “Don’t forget it, Tony – break it to him in small doses. Be calm and go slow.”
“Are you jesting?” He snaps. His eyes are wide, seeming bigger than ever. He got that from Maria – big, unbearably inquiring eyes. “He set your horse for you every morning for years. And you’re saying you couldn’t even be bothered to learn his name?”
Nothing that he wouldn’t leave behind.
There are two pictures on his nightstand.
“I’m running models on how he’d react if we use your nanites,” Bruce says. His voice sounds worried. “And I don’t think his brain is going to take it if we turn them all off at once.”
Steve frowns. “…Dancing?” He asks, hesitant, but Tony snaps his fingers as if he’s said something particularly insightful.
They fuck. Of course they do. It takes, what—just one battle for them to fall back in bed together again.
From the embarrassment in his demeanor, Tony guesses this is about the couple, who started sucking each other’s faces pretty heavily as soon as the grateful one released Tony.
And he has imagined this for so long – plenty of times, in the privacy of his bedroom, in dreams where he couldn’t chastise himself for wanting. He had imagined Tony’s wicked grin, his strong hands, his skillful fingers climbing up Steve’s thighs, grabbing his rear, his pink mouth swallowing every single one of Steve’s gasps.
He takes a deep breath and sits down at the wooden stool, trying to make some sense of his notes. Heat prickles down his neck and he can feel sweat forming at his temples. He used to spend days here – now, he can barely stand a few minutes.
, the way he moves, the way he commanded the team on the field.
they didn’t do it, but that doesn’t mean they were telling the truth.”
The main problem with this theory is that… well, after almost three months of completely chaste dates, Tony isn’t sure what
innocent, and if Tony didn’t know better he’d think—“When I tried it on, I found the string very uncomfortable.”
“Now, I don’t think you should get the fun started without us, baby,” Tony says, and in a moment he’s by the bed, landing one knee on the space between Steve’s spread legs and taking his mouth in a deep kiss. His lips are hot, still flushed from the contact with Stark’s mouth, and the awareness of that fact sends a wave of arousal down Steve’s body, making him moan into the kiss.
Howard leans forward and rests his chin on his hand. “And you expect me to just take your word for it?”
I'm super excited to post this! It's the first time I've ever finished a non-oneshot fic of any kind.
Howard shifts in his seat, uncomfortable by the sight as if it’s somehow inappropriate. He moves the goblet in his hand and watches the wine move in steady, circular motions.
“Yeah,” Rhodey says. He eyes Tony almost curiously. “No change in his vitals either, huh?”
“Would that work?” Tony asks, the rush of the idea still over his body, reluctant to allow even the slightest doubt to get through it.
Howard offers him wine, but of course he refuses. He then starts thanking Howard, but cuts himself short when Tony arrives.
“There you are,” T'Challa said, with a smile. He nodded to the crate corridor. “We got a new arrival today that could use some of your magic.”
Of course, the minute Steve raises his head to look at him, Tony forgets literally everything about it.
So Steve turned towards the other one – that one had especially fluffy fur, and was staring at him with something that seemed more like curiosity than anything else. Steve smiled at him, and, for a strange moment, something was oddly familiar about the dog’s gaze.
. A little safer.
Personally, this is Tony’s favorite theory. It’s simple, but it makes complete sense and explains everything. And the best part about it is that it’s something that only time can fix, which means there’s nothing Tony can do about it at the moment. He just has to wait until Steve is ready to take the next step.
There’s a sound similar to the ghost of a muffled laughter next to him. Howard turns to find Tony, scribbling a piece of parchment on his lap.
“Leaving already?” Tony asks, but he doesn’t sound surprised.
with the Steve he knows, so stoic and impossible to read.
Then Steve turns, leaving, and Tony stands in the bedroom, taken by an irrational urge to ask him to come back.
“I’d rather stick with my shield,” Steve said. Tony’s hands started spreading the new oil all over, in soothing, large swipes, and he couldn’t help but close his eyes. Tony’s touch was comforting, his hands heavy and yet gentle, and his words were still warming up Steve in the inside. “You sure people would take my orders in this size?” he asked, a little dazed.
Steve asks, frowning.
He came closer. It was a large couch – there was a small space right next to Steve where Tony managed to sit. He was very careful to not touch him, but of course, it didn’t matter – he could
Barnes turns back to his newspaper, apparently not noticing.
“Wait,” Clint interrupts. “Are you serious?”
—” Steve gasps when a particular brush of fingers travels the slightest bit downwards, combined with a sucking kiss on the side of Steve’s neck.
They don’t even get to the bedroom. In the following times, though, Tony does tweak things a bit to get Steve to his penthouse, because, well, he’s not 21 anymore, okay? There’s only so many times he can handle awkward positions over the couch or the wall, and he has a king sized bed for a reason--to enjoy opportunities like this.
get to take over from now on.”
“I’m the damn dog you’re looking for.” Stark gestured with his free hand aimlessly. “It’s me. There’s no small, helpless ball of fur lost on your block waiting to be rescued by you and your… your… shoulders.” His hand awkwardly waved towards Steve’s chest. “You don’t have to keep looking for it in the fucking rain. I’m right here, and I’m
thinking, cupped his face with both of his hands, leaned forward and kissed him.
It’s hard, though. It’s hard to reconcile the Steve who kissed him, the one fluffing his pillows and calling him “sweetheart”, with the Steve he knows and remembers (the Steve who left, the Steve who was never his to stay in the first place).
“It’s just—well, it’s like you said. Sometimes it’s still a shock. Back in my day, I mean, of course it happened, but it had to be under wraps. There were specific places where you could go, but you had to be careful.”
Steve’s eyes are drawn to Tony’s cock. The sight – long, flushed, so, so beautiful – makes Steve’s body react almost involuntarily – he pushes back again, remembering the feel of Tony inside of him, stretching him out, and he
In Steve’s head, the movement happened in slow motion, and he watched in absolutely horrified terror as Stark
Tony shuts his eyes. He knows he needs to plan a way to talk to Steve, to gently start breaching the barrier in his mind between fantasy and reality.
He tries to move his hips, desperate for more, but Stark keeps a firm hold, strong fingers digging into Steve’s hipbones as pushes himself even further – and then Tony pushes himself even deeper, and Steve can’t think, can’t breathe, can’t do anything but keep wanting, wanting to live like that, to never again feel anything that isn’t Tony’s cock, anywhere he can feel it.
“Great,” Tony said, running a hand over his face. “Just great.”
He opens his mouth to say something, because as far as romantic speeches go, he’s pretty sure he could have done better, but he never finds out how, because in the next second Steve’s mouth is on his, soft and warm in a kiss that travels through Tony’s whole body. Tony’s lips part almost instantly, and Steve deepens the kiss, his hands going to Tony’s waist and pulling him closer until he feels his solid chest.
Tony frowns. He honestly frowns, because if there’s one thing he knows for sure about his and Steve’s relationship, is that they
A silence follows his response. Tony feels Steve’s nose nuzzling the back of his neck, sending a shiver down his spine, the warmth of his breath incredibly distracting.
He decides against it, because he knows they wouldn’t be able to talk, anyway.
him in a nearby street two nights earlier).
Tony looks up at him, lips pressed together in a thin line, and Steve just—really, really means it. He wants to take care of him so badly.
And Tony—Tony doesn’t even know what possessed him to ask. It had been an insane impulse to rival every single one of his most self-destructive habits. There he was, in the kitchen, filling himself with coffee, when Steve walked in with a book in his hand, sitting on a stool. He was wearing his grandpa clothes, his brow was furrowed and his blond bangs were falling a little on his forehead.
“I rented a place nearby.” Steve’s mouth fell open in horror, and he took a step back. “No, wait, listen—”
“I’ll be fine,” he says, giving Rhodey a confident grin. Then he closes his eyes as Bruce starts the countdown, and, before he knows it, he’s gone.
“Dude,” Rhodey had laughed when Tony informed him of it that night, “You are so screwed.”
He turns and starts walking towards outside. The compound’s gym has its own facility outdoors, for the comfort of their fliers.
“Okay, okay, guys,” Tony reigns the room in. “Don’t worry, it’s nothing Cap here”--he lowers both of his hands over Steve’s shoulders--“can’t handle. Just a minor hiccup, really. Happens every week.”
A few moments afterwards, the bed shifts as Steve climbs in next to him. Tony’s fingers curl around the sheets nervously as he feels an arm being laid over his waist and a body coming closer, fitting against Tony’s back.
“You’re… definitely confident,” Steve deadpanned, mostly just so Tony would laugh again, and he succeeded.
to it. But I thought—hey, Sinatra, that, that seems like something he’d enjoy. And then, the craziest thing happened: I was actually right! I mean, not that you slept with me because of Sinatra, you didn’t even dance with me for him, so this isn’t really—”
Steve takes a moment to go to the bathroom. After he comes back, though, he finds that most people he could strike up a conversation with are busy. Sam and Bucky are whispering in each other’s ears, and, by now, neither of them even bothers attempting to pretend there isn’t anything there, so Steve knows to just leave them alone to avoid awkwardness. Natasha is talking to two Dora Milage he doesn’t know, Rhodes and Okoye are still dancing, and T’Challa seems unable to even see anyone other than Nakia, as she grins wide and spins in her ceremonial garment.
it was today.”
of mentioning it at all, couldn’t he just let that shit
Steve has no idea what he’s thinking, but then again, that’s the whole thing with Tony, isn’t it? No one has any idea what he’s thinking, ever. No one, and especially not Steve.
A moment of tense silence follows his question, and that in itself is a response.
“I’d like that,” Steve says, and, oh—there are probably other words behind this too, Tony thinks, and how much would he like to be able to grasp them.
If Steve ever noticed his bed was a blatant
“What?” Steve said, unable to move as the dog –
Tony blinks, and Steve has to smile at how he looks right now – literally a ball of fabric and covers with a lonely head on top.
Tony’s stomach clenches. He can feel Rhodey’s eyes watching him.
“You know, whenever I imagined you doing that, the scenario was a little different in my head,” Tony said, walking towards the Tower.
“No. It’s—Today is the 19th.” Tony’s voice grows a little hesitant. “…Isn’t it?”
After they’re done, he presses kisses all over Steve’s shoulders, caresses his hair, and maneuvers them until Steve’s got his head on his chest.
the night Steve brought him home, after he managed to calm down and settled in his dog bed, but Sam didn’t need to know that.
“Perhaps I should leave,” Rogers says, after a few moments.
“Steve,” he calls, stopping his thumb movements and giving his hand a squeeze. “Look at me.”
At least this one was tiny.
Tony, on the other hand, is clearly wary. He makes a few quips and Steve can grasp an element of bait in them that would absolutely have worked with him years ago, making them snap at each other within seconds. This time, he doesn’t fall for it, replying to them with a smile, and he gets to watch as Tony’s armor lowers a little, as his grin grows more authentic.
He asks. His voice is an electric current through Steve’s body, making him shudder.
“Done,” Tony says, covering Steve’s grin with his own.
, no, he had to give Stark a show, had to make him witness first-hand how weak he was.
to start hooking up with Steve at all, even if he has imagined it before (come on, who
As he sits down, his eyes find Steve’s, and Steve can’t help but frown, because there is late, and there is walking inside in the middle of the ceremony.
,” Steve interrupted. His jaw clenched as he gave Tony that expression he always wore when talking to him – tired as hell, but not so tired that he couldn’t also be disappointed. “Can’t you make anything easy for once?”
… Steve needs to be as brave as him.
“Seeing your behavior also made me wonder. For two people who overcame so much to be together, you don’t seem very at ease with each other, if you don’t mind me saying. Now, normally I wouldn’t dream of intruding in such a private topic, but.” She pressed her lips together in a golden, thin line. “You see, it’s… quite a strange situation. Some of my advisors seem to think you are, well—
“There you go,” Tony says, as the door closes. He turns toward Steve, and just that makes Steve’s heart pound too heavily on his chest, and he thinks he won’t be able to go through with it. Just with Tony looking at him like this, he already can’t breathe.
Steve starts fluffing his pillow.
Tony kind of wished that would have happened. And yes, of course, it would have killed them both, but—maybe, in the long run, that would still have been better than what did, in fact, happen.
The question takes Steve by surprise because of how genuine it seems. It’s as if Tony honestly doesn’t know the answer, and it’s almost bizarre—it’s as if he's asking Steve if he needs air to live, or if water is wet.
Howard clenches his jaw. Thoughts of Maria don’t usually hit him during the day – they have the decency to show up at night, to ensure he doesn’t get any peaceful sleep. Thinking of Maria doesn’t agree with the rays of sunlight shining through the window. Those are thoughts that belong to the darkness of empty corridors; to the bitterness of pure whiskey hitting his throat.
Rogers takes one short breath before locking his eyes with Howard’s. His blue gaze is almost peaceful in its resoluteness, as if there’s an element of inevitability in what he’s about to say.
Steve chuckles, and then leans forward and presses his lips to Tony’s mouth, in a sweet yet hurried movement. He pulls away just an inch, his nose still brushing Tony’s and his laugh lines so visible it’s almost insulting.
“Oh,” he says, as if he’s just realized their presence. His flush deepens, Tony notices. Steve has kind of an ugly flush, that shows up in red spots coming up from his neck as well, instead of sticking prettily to his cheeks. Tony sticks his hands in his pockets to control his itch to touch it. “Hi.”
Tony’s proximity makes it hard for Steve to think. His gaze falls on Tony’s hand, holding his arm gently, and Tony’s eyes follow his look.
(He knows Barnes is innocent. He does.
Steve leans down and presses one last kiss on Tony’s mouth, and Tony is, at once, taken by the urge to just keep him there, forget about anything that isn’t that soft mouth.
Tony feels his body tensing, hyper aware of the proximity between them as if they haven’t spent the night spooning.
Steve blinked as understanding dawned on him. “You… turn into a Pomeranian?”
Tony took a breath, but no air reached his lungs. He shivered, unable to look away from Steve, momentarily forgetting to be a genius, to worry about the danger they were in. Surely Steve wasn’t…
A wave of raw desire washes over him; he’s suddenly unaware of anyone else on the ship, in the goddamn universe, other than Tony, standing there with his bright eyes and grey hair.
“This belongs in a museum, Cap,” Tony argues. He might be a little heartbroken by the fact that Steve is not in a speedo – ever since Clint mentioned the beach vacation, Tony had been strategically instructing JARVIS to include “increasingly revealing swimwear” in the first suggested Google searches for any device used in the Tower, and maybe he dreamed of Steve choosing to break everyone’s expectations by wearing a G-string and making Tony’s day.
When FRIDAY says Rhodey and Bruce are on their way, the panel above them flickers light blue, casting a pale glow over Steve’s face that makes Tony miss his eyes. Decades could go by and Tony is certain those eyes wouldn’t change, that same unwavering, strong blue gaze that could warm him right to his toes and simultaneously make him feel colder than ever.
Steve shrugs with one naked shoulder. His cheeks’ flush deepens. “Kind of, yes.”
“She isn’t on to us. She…” Steve’s cheeks went a little pink at the memory. “She seems to think we’re distant, and that we didn’t fully bounce back from our, uh, divorce. She said that I looked… tense. And then she, uh, asked if I didn’t want to… ‘blow off a little steam’.”
He’s not even angry anymore. Well, most of the time, at least. It’s just. That’s just how he and Steve work, apparently. It’s foolish to hope for anything else.
Howard glances at Tony’s reaction. Part of him feels curious, the other part is already at the kitchen, thinking about the Romanoff’s bottle.
The result was that, by the time the team got back, his mood was already awful, and it hadn’t really improved ever since, in the past few days. He resisted any attempts made by Nat and Thor to talk about it, and, to be honest, he hadn’t so much as glanced at Tony so far.
He takes a deep breath and opens the gym’s door.
“Oh.” Stark blinked. He looked a little flabbergasted, and then swallowed, shaking his head. “Okay. Okay, uh—come with me, then, darling.”
(Steve would know, because he’s been dreaming of Tony for years. In fact, he’s pretty sure he’s had this exact same dream before, and it always ended with Steve waking up in bed alone, Tony as unreachable as the idea of going back to sleep.)
He sat down on the couch to let Tony rest more comfortably. He figured he’d probably let him sleep there anyway, since he didn’t know when Tony would go back to his human form and how confused he would be then.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Tony counters, because he’s seen the pictures, and he knows for a fact that, even without the feelings factor, he would gladly have eaten Steve up way before any serum ever touched him. Eskrine didn’t enhance that ass. “Also, it would be okay if you had, you know. With my history, I can hardly judge anyone for... well, anything, really.”
Tony finds that it’s hard to talk and smile a lot at the same time. “Well, same here,” he says, and then presses another peck to Steve’s lips – a peck that quickly turns into three, because he can’t help himself. “I’m glad you liked it.”
Tony’s annoyance deflated a little at the look on Steve’s face. “Well, okay, then.” Tony fought to not let that annoyance be replaced by other troublesome feelings, like the warmth that was prickling up his neck at the words
“Shut up,” Tony says.
Steve’s flush deepened, and he smiled bashfully. “I… I thought you were just helping me. You know, spending time with me, making me acclimatize.”
The memory sent a shiver down his spine. Not wanting Stark to notice he was distraught, he turned quickly to the couch, hurrying to lie down.
Tony took a few steps closer to him. Steve was still panting, looking at him with sky blue loving eyes.
’? Really? What is even the point of having a pet if you’re going to—”
had promised not to make things inappropriate, and, who would have known, he wasn’t the one who did. Steve shut his eyes and drew in a sharp breath, well aware of his humiliation, already waiting for Stark to turn on the lights. Maybe he’d laugh at Steve, or maybe pity would be written all over his face—Steve wasn’t sure of what would be worse. “’s cold,” he said, too surly for someone in his position, as if this was all Stark’s fault.
Steve finds out how Tony hugs, how he kisses, how he makes love. He finds out how Tony blinks himself awake in the morning, how he likes his cereal, how he shivers and sweats in the middle of a nightmare. He finds out how Tony dresses himself, how he showers, how he stumbles in bed after a long stretch of work. He finds out how Tony’s hands touch, how his eyelashes flutter at every sunrise, how he hums when he kisses.
“You…” Steve started, defensive, when his attention was diverted to something much more important. “Oh, no.” He turned around, frantic. “Where’s the other one?”
“It’s okay,” he forces out, his voice hoarse. “Really, you—you don’t need to apologize, it’s, it’s fine. This,” and fuck, is it hard to focus, what with the feeling of the floor coming down beneath his feet and the horrifying realization his eyes are starting to burn. “It doesn’t have to be anything you don’t want.”
(Tony thinks:
“Gorgeous,” he says, his voice hoarse. Steve blushes hot, can only imagine how he looks now, shirtless and exposed, his flush descending down his chest. “Baby, are you sure you—”
When Tony finishes opening his shirt, his hands climb back to Steve’s shoulders to pull it down his arms, and the darkness of his eyes is almost too much to bear. Steve longs for his mouth, for Tony's kisses to devour his lips, to mark his face with beard burn.
Steve’s eyes are wide meeting his, and Tony feels like he’s gonna die in the moment of silence that follows, when Steve doesn’t say anything.
He takes the time to investigate the bedroom, instead. It’s a nice way to keep his hands occupied as his mind races at light speed.
Eventually, Steve confronts him about it.
Tony flinches, jumping away immediately, the warm, soft feel of Steve’s mouth on his like an electric current going through his body.
He asks to be alone, and Steve complies.
While he dresses, Tony watches him, in silence. When Steve finishes, he turns towards him, unsure of what to say. To his surprise, Tony smiles.
It’s as if the salon shrinks, the air tightening itself, restrained only to the short space between the two of them. Heat curls low in Steve’s belly, prickles his neck. He opens his mouth, then shuts it immediately, unable to find words.
Barnes turns slightly, giving him a head nod and turning back to the newspaper. Tony stops right across the counter, in front of him.
. “You’re always telling me to switch it up.” He shrugs. “So I thought I’d try it on.” He tilts his head just a little, and he has to be unaware he’s looking at Tony through those absurdly long eyelashes right now, right? He… has to. “Not sure if the beach is the best place to wear it, though.”
Steve replies.
“Anyway, where was I?” Tony says when they pull apart, breathless, getting an
—I’m also—glad to please.”
Now, though, it feels a little like jumping out of a plane, that small action of holding Tony’s hand. It feels like being in the dark. It feels like being unfrozen in a new world.
“Are you… me?” he asks, and Steve feels a little relieved, because even though FRIDAY’s lack of alarm was enough proof, he’s still thinking he must be a little crazy for instantly recognizing the man as Tony.
“You—why? What the hell do you want from me?”
Tony does not stick around to talk afterwards – there’s other things to worry about, and he has long learned that it does no good to interrogate sheer dumb luck when it comes across your path like that.
to drop everything and go to Paris with him just because Tony thought anything New York had to offer simply wasn’t good enough. Tony then finally caved and, rambling about how Pepper had talked up the MET’s latest exhibit at the office, asked if Steve would like to go see it on Friday. The way Steve’s face lit up at the suggestion made Tony mentally promise Rhodey a dozen new upgrades for his suit.
