15x18- “The Truth” Chuck snaps everyone out of existence but Sam, Dean, Cas, and Jack. There is not time to say goodbye. We hear Donna over the phone before it loses reception. It’s super depressing, and they all drive around, searching for anyone… Dean finds Miracle at the gas station, and Chuck kills the dog too. Sam and Dean plead with him to bring everyone back, offering up an ending Chuck wanted but he says it’s too little too late. Jack’s phone lights up with a text from Helen, dated from a few days ago. We never find out what it says, but Jack is extremely saddened. On his face, we see determination to get everyone back. He won’t give up. Billie shows up at the Bunker to take Jack again. She tells them that she can hide him in the Empty so Chuck can’t hurt him again. Dean and Sam are very upset, but Jack is the most, refusing to go. But his parents tell him he has to, because it’s not worth staying on Earth and dying with them. Jack has to live to have a chance. Jack says goodbye, and promises that he will never stop fighting. Cas senses Michael and they reunite. Michael explains that Adam is dead and he won’t stop until Chuck is finished. Michael, Cas, Sam, and Dean all unite to take down Chuck once and for all. However, Cas stops Dean while they’re planning the big event and confesses something to him: He’s not going to make it. Dean is really confused, but Cas tells him to always keep fighting. And then we get the confession scene. Cas tells Dean that in order to beat Chuck, Dean has to know the truth and embrace it. That only love can destroy him. Cas dies. Dean sobs in the corner, uncertain of why Cas did that or what happened.
“Dean!” Kelly Kline said. From Kelly’s expression, Dean knew what was coming. He didn’t have time to duck before she decked him.
Donna was Sam’s best man, her curly hair pulled up, smiling. Claire stood next to her, beaming with pride. She had a bruise under her eye, probably from a hunting trip.
“Me and Missouri were placing dibs on when you would get here. Helen Kline said she thought you’d have died way earlier but Missouri says she thinks you’d take a while. I personally said that Mr. Sam Winchester was gonna show up after dyin’ of cancer, was I right?”
15x06 “Golden Time”- Sam and Eileen reunion, Rowena’s apartment. Sam v evil witches. Grumpy Dean and ACAB Cas all stay. The kidnapped teenager in Cas’s story could remain the same or be Max or Elliot or even their friend that hates clowns; maybe the Lebanon kids come to Cas for help. It would be nice to see them again as they don’t really fit in the 20 episode format. We see that Cas is combing through files that may be related to Jack.
Sam smiled. He signed words, his hands moving back and forth. Eileen began to cry, tears sliding down her face. Once Sam was done, Eileen did hers. Nobody needed to know what they were saying. It was clear.
“Of course Bobby spoiled the surprise,” Ellen replied, rolling her eyes. “Ash. Pam. Release the balloons.”
“Get it on and let’s go. If we leave after 7:30, there will be a car crash on route 84 and we won’t make it in time for the wedding,” Patience said.
“Don’t worry. The Roadhouse is the most popular bar right now in Heaven. It’s the only bar but it’s still great,” Jo laughed. “What can I do you for?”
“I’m going now. I’m going to find a replacement for Naomi… I’m thinking…Michael, maybe? You can tell Adam that he’ll be waiting,” Jack said.
“You’re so confident,” She said. Sam didn’t reply. Her eyes were closed. She wouldn’t see him sign. “I know you believe in this happy ending, but… if we’re happy, eternally… what happens to us? If nothing changes, do we just go in circles forever? Driving a car around, forever? What a boring ending. We saved the freakin’ world.”
It was a dark, gloomy day when Miracle passed away. Sam sat at the vet, holding his daughters, his eyes closed. The youngest was asleep. Eileen came back, a sadness in her eyes. She signed for him, but Sam smiled softly.
“I can’t…” Jack said. “If I come back, it’ll hurt too much. I belong up there. With my family. You can come too… but I have a feeling that you’re not done yet.”
15x09 “The Trap” It’s the exact same but Dean has a line mentioning Emma bc she existed and it’s shitty that they didn’t mention her in this episode. Dean is wondering if he’ll see her but he doesn’t, because she’s actually moved on from Purgaytory, giving us a hint into the dynamics of this realm we didn’t know before. Dean’s speech to Cas is lovely. Eileen and Sam’s scenes are great, as well as their first kiss, so that all stays the same. Generally a well done episode.
15x15 “Last Holiday”- I’m not sure how to deal with this episode. It had very mixed reviews but I loved the concept. I will keep it the same unless anyone can rewrite the episode to make more sense without abandoning the concept. It’s just a character episode. Cas is too smart for this one, that’s why he’s not in it. Also money. (Better flow would be nice)
Sam dropped the match onto the pyre. It lit up, sending smoke into the sky. Sam turned to look at Jack, who was smiling, watching the smoke.
15x19- “Inherit the Earth” We start the episode with Dean, alone, walking on a lonely road, the heat getting to him as he makes his way to shelter. He gets food, pulling stuff out of the broken freezer. He stares at his reflection in the glass, then turns and breaks the emergency panel open and pulls out an axe. (This scene is a callback to the episode Lazarus Rising for those not aware, it’s the episode when Dean met Cas) We see him back at the Bunker. He drops the stuff he got on the table. Sam and Michael are there, planning. Their great idea is that they’ll fight Chuck as best they can. They’ve got one of those hand of god things from season 11 (magical items that blow up and can kill pretty big fish), so maybe they can beat Chuck with that. Michael has contacted Naomi, so she’s gonna send down a blast from Heaven if she can. They summon Chuck to the beach and do all of this but he just can’t be beat. He’s like: That’s the best you’ve got. Chuck sends a blast at Dean but Michael intercepts it. He falls, but he gets back up. He’s like: Bruh not gonna die knowing I let Adam down, I’m gonna die in a way that makes him proud. Michael dies in an explosion of light. Chuck brushes his hands off. Chuck then begins to punch Sam and Dean just like in the show. Chuck is like: WHY WON’T YOU STAY DOWN?! Sam says that he will always have hope, not matter what. Because they’re the Winchesters. They never give up. They never stop fighting. Chuck is about to kill Dean and Dean says something that makes him stop: Cas told me… that love is more powerful than you. Than anything. It’s a bit of a cliche, but it’s a cliche because it’s true. Your obsession and greed is gonna die out. You’re gonna be a sad, kingdomless monster, alone, because you can’t see the beauty. This planet is worth fighting for. This world, these people, they are worth fighting for. I love my brother, I love Cas, and I love my kid, and I will never give up on them. And I’m proud to die knowing I did my best to protect them. Chuck stumbles backwards and: Amara overpowers Chuck!!!! She’s like: I can’t fight him forever. Nobody should have this power, it belongs to the universe and it has to return there. She thanks Dean for teaching her that she was worthy of love, that she deserves better. Amara kills herself and Chuck in a giant blast. Everything goes white. As the dust settles, the sun is shining. Sam and Dean go hand in hand and stumble out onto the street. People are there, humans, just living like nothing happened. Across the street they see Adam, confused, his eyes searching. Miracle runs past him. We don’t find out what they say to Adam, but we see Adam crying, and smiling. He knows. He trusts that he’ll see Michael again. He has more hope than anyone could understand. Sam gets a text from Eileen. “What’s wrong?” Sam smiles. “It’s okay now. It’s okay.”  Sam and Dean ride off into the sunset.
Cas pulled Dean into a kiss. Dean blinked, surprised, as Cas pulled away, tears falling down his face. “You’re so… ridiculous.”
“My first love, Dean Winchester,” She grinned. “Turns out I’m in good company up here. Does everyone who loves you end up dead?”
“Sam!” Cas said, joining the group hug. He let go, looking into Sam’s eyes, as if he could see right into his depths.
“Because you watched them all, even though you hated them, for me,” She said quietly. Sam finally pulled the amulet out of his pocket, a heaviness in his chest.
“Eventually. I’m going to be with Dean and Cas, and my mom,” Jack said. “I’ll tell them you said hi. Time is different in Heaven… so it won’t be too long for us.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t bring him back,” Jack said. “It was… it was time, I guess. He wanted to move on.”
15x16-“Gimme Shelter”- It’s the same. Davy Perez, I love u man. I have almost no edits for your episodes. If you wrote the whole season it would’ve been amazing. But to summarize, Jack and Cas volunteer at a soup kitchen while Dean and Sam get Amara on their side. I might change the cold open and the last scene with the girl in the cop car because it made me uncomfortable tonally, but that was gonna be that way bc of the subject (there’s a gay man murdered for his sexuality and Cas and Jack are investigating his death, serial killer uses religion to justify murder. I think it’s an amazing episode, but the demon is confusing and can be cut, just put Jack signing up for facebook in a different scene lmao, instead use that time to really hone in on the horror of this human serial killer). Also, Jack still drops the big death bomb on Cas at the end of the episode (not literal- Jack is going to die as destiny determined).
“I wanted to be a nurse… so I went back to pre-med. I’ve even gotten to work with Alex Mills, Jody’s daughter. She’s an amazing doctor. And… I know that when it’s over… I’ll be home. It’s nice because we’ve got the cheat code. We know what happens when we die. And that’s pretty neat, because most people don’t have that kind of faith.”
“Til the end of freakin’ time,” Dean said. For the first time, he felt the weight off his shoulders. He looked around at the party. Jack was smiling, as Kelly was already retelling how she punched Dean to a fairly concerned looking Michael. He saw Henry and Mildred Winchester, talking to Deanna Campbell. Samuel Campbell wasn’t there. Dean wondered if they cared. According to Cas, Jack and Rowena, the Queen of Hell, had struck up a new deal that if somebody made up for their wrong doings in Hell, could now enter Heaven.
15x01-15x03- “The Rupture…” Sam, Dean, Cas are in Stull Cemetary after the events of 14x20, where Chuck creates the hell rift and releases ghosts. There’s a fight for the town, including some old ghosts they faced in seasons 1-5. However, the spirits and demons leave the town and spread out, so Sam, Dean, and Cas must work with Rowena, Belphegor, and Kevin to shutdown the area and close the rift before more escape. Ghostbusting ensues. It’s fun. Bel dies in the same way, we get the same reaction from Cas. At the end of the trio of episodes, it is discovered that the only way to shut the portal is for one of the team to sacrifice themselves. Sam says it will be him, and that’s final, but Rowena pulls a fast one and uses the magic on herself. Sam has to go through with it, and Rowena sacrifices herself to close the portal. Any ghosts/demons that were outside are now stuck outside, so Sam and Dean will have to go and get them all sent back to Hell. It’s going to be a season long fight. Also Amara is in here somewhere! :D
Finally, Billie says that there’s no need for a narrator anymore. The story isn’t over. Actually, it’s just beginning. There are still battles to fight, and things to do. There will always be things to do. But now it’s up to the people who are still here, those who have the power to change things, to do it. Sam and Dean are now just legends, told to little hunter kids to inspire them to make changes in the world. Their legacy stays.
15x05  “Proverbs 17:3”- Lilith returns to warn Sam and Dean about Chuck’s plan and send them a very strong message. I rlly liked this episode but we do need to establish more Cas and Jack so maybe we see some texts between Dean and Cas arguing bc they’re salty idk.
15x17- “Unity” Okay, because Dean is consistent in this rewrite, he actually cares about Jack. Shocker. Billie is very soft in explaining the plan, despite Dean and Sam being bitchy. Dean and Jack go meet with OG Adam (Not the gay one) to go get his rib. It’s actually really short and sweet, and then we get the low down on what’s up. Amara has gotten Chuck to the Bunker and they’re chilling while Amara tries to talk him down from being an asshole. She actually brings up Becky and is like: Hey brother don’t you remember your ex? Why not stop being an asshole for her sake. Chuck is like: nah. Sam is nervously waiting for the team. Cas is struggling with Jack telling him to be quiet about Jack dying, but Cas breaks out and tells Sam. Sam is obviously distraught. Dean and Jack arrive back (Jack hasn’t touched the thingy yet), and Sam of course is like: HEY JACK U BITCH U DIDN’T TELL US! Billie shows up and is like: Guys. My dudes. We have to do this now. Chuck is here. Jack tries to grab the rib but Dean is like: Hell no u dumbass. Chuck convinces Amara to side with him and she turns on the Winchesters, giving up her powers to Chuck to be the same deity again. Chuck comes out and is like: Hey bitches u bitchy bitch Cas ur dumb (I think that’s the exact line from the show). Chuck is like: I’m done with all of you, and he breaks the rib. He tells them to watch the world burn and he smiles.
15x07 “Last Call”- No edits. We discover Leo Web and Dean’s… past relationship. Sam and Eileen flirt. Cas and Eileen team up to be little shits. We love them.
“Guys, you’re way behind!” Jack said. Dean nearly fell over with laughter, only stopped by Jack conjuring a chair under him. Mary immediately started finnicking with his hair.
It was the first wedding Kaia had ever attended. Patience and Alex helped her get dressed. “Alright, Kaia… seafoam green or forest green?”
“Fine, but you owe me some stories,” Rufus said. “I wanna know what it’s like to die of natural causes. You migh’ just be the first one whodunit.”
The final scene is Sam and Dean. They’re in a place we’re not sure of, a beautiful forest. Bobby is leaning against a tree. He waves hello. They’re all crying, and Sam is talking with Bobby as Dean’s attention falls elsewhere. We then see Jack and Cas. Dean is standing away from them, silent, his mouth slightly open. And then he smiles. The end.
I will be sticking to the 20 episode format and will be considering events such a COVID filming to work around as if I were the actual team. These are merely summaries. I may write full scripts later in this series, each getting their own chapter. These are just tweaks and ideas to make season 15 have more narrative sense and to use time more efficiently.
“I know we’ve only been together for a year, but this year has been so important to me. You are important to me. I want to be with you for the rest of my life,” She pulled a box out of her bag.
“Imagine that I died to a bad cover of a classic rock song,” Sam said. Eileen nearly fell off the bench, tears in her eyes.
“I’ve been waiting forever for you to get here and this is how you repay me?” Mary said. “Unbrushed hair?”
“Yeah,” Sam laughed. He turned as everyone settled in their seats. Claire walked to sit next to Kaia, holding her hand, fingers intertwined. Sam watched as Eileen appeared out of her car, wearing Jody’s wedding dress, smiling. She walked up the aisle and met Sam.
(removed: Ruby. I’m sorry RIP. She didn’t work for this episode when I removed Anael as the villain. Also, then there won’t be the lack of closure for Ruby that there was in the OG season)
“Now that I’m the oldest brother, I say… it seems like things are working out for you. I heard you stopped hunting, and… I’m proud of you. It takes a lot of strength to walk away.”
“Bye,” Sam said. Jack vanished. Sam pushing down the tears, breathing in sharply. He watched as Eileen’s car vanished behind the trees, and as the others walked away, for the last time. He smiled, looking up at the smoke that was ascending upwards, to where Dean would be now. It was bittersweet. Sam had wanted to grow old, and to have Dean with him, but if Dean was ready to go… to be with Cas… and Mary… and Bobby… then Dean was ready.
15x11 “The Heroes Journey”- (almost) exactly the fucking same. Perfect episode. *chefs kiss* (but to catch you all up in case you forgot, Dean has a fever dream about dancing with a lamp and Garth named his kids Sam and Cas lolololol). However, the episode is intertwined with short scenes of Jack’s story, where he’s hunting down the pedophile dude but we don’t know that yet so it’s a hunting episode where we have no idea what Jack is doing. We get very early seasons, no network Sam and Dean vibes as Jack is trying to kill this dude. When I mean short, it’s like maybe 3 minutes of Jack tops, we don’t want to give too much away before 15x11 and we want to retain most of the original episode because it’s awesome.
“I love you too,” Sam signed. They stood on the porch, watching the sunlight stream over the trees. “I’m so glad to be in this world, with you.”
“Wait,” Sam said. He ran back down the stairs, leaving Eileen confused. A few seconds later he reappeared with his own small box. Eileen’s jaw dropped. Sam opened the box, revealing a ring. Eileen nearly fell over, her hand over her mouth.
The girls going to college was huge. Sam was overly excited, which made both of them roll their eyes when it was their turn. The first in their family to go to college… and then the second. The oldest had taken an interest in hunting but Sam had convinced her to get a degree anyways. She finally agreed to take the Park Ranger program so she could hunt and also arrest humans who were poaching fish or littering. She made Sam very proud. The other one got into Stanford and Sam nearly died of happiness. Eileen had to remind him that it was just a school.
“SURPRISE!” Jack said, popping up from behind the counter. He attempted to jump over it but fell backwards. “Ow.”
“I don’t know,” Adam said. “I don’t think my story would be relevant enough to be told, I guess. Would people would care about whether or not me and my husband are reunited?”
“Eileen is in Ireland dealing with her cousins, so I’m alone here with the girls. I didn’t see her swallow the lego, but she seemed upset.”
“That Jack kid… he went and changed the whole system. Now you can go anywhere you want. It’s like Earth, but there’s no hunger or money or nothin’. Just whatever you make of it. And your friend, Castiel.”
“Wow, that would be so bad,” Eileen said, facepalming. “We’re Winchesters… but we’re not THAT careless.”
15x14 “Destiny’s Child”- So this one is another trashfire episode that’s gotta be entirely rewritten. Billie tells them to go find Eden or whatever so they have to use their network. They discover that Arthur Ketch isn’t up to any good so they ask him for help. He leads them to the item, all friendly, but when they get there, it’s discovered that he’s still the same person and he’s still obsessed with Mary. Turns out that Ketch has kidnapped poor scammer Anael and tortured her in the hope that Jack would walk into his trap upon hearing a fellow angel in distress. But knowing that the Winchesters were looking for shit, he could just get them there anyways. Oh shit. So he does have it, because Anael knew the location, but he wants to kill Jack. Sam and Dean make a case to save Jack and we see a big moment between Jack and Dean that’s really sad and sweet. This is the moment of forgiveness. Jack swallows the thingy and goes unconscious which is bad timing bc Ketch is gonna kill him. Anael, Cas, Sam, and Dean fight Ketch and it’s really badass tbh. Dean or Sam kills Ketch and we all cheer bc Ketch is irredeemable but his actor is lovely so it’s nice to see him back lmao. Jack has his crisis and then finally resurfaces, fully healed. Anael assumes they’ll kill her too but Cas is like: No girl u go. They have a soft sibling moment before Anael permanently leaves the show, a smile on her face because of this act of love from her big brother. Billie shows up and is like: Okay, it’s not safe for Jack here anymore, I’ve got to take him somewhere to hide until we’re ready. Sam and Dean are like: nooooooooo, and Cas is like: I’ma fight u. Billie is like: okay but ya’ll better not fuck up. And Sam and Dean are like: Of course we won’t. We get another hug between Cas and Jack because love at 435 degrees and then end.
“Bobby? Where are you? It’s John Winchester.” Dad knocks and then just picks the lock and opens the door. He’s greeted by a sawed-off shotgun in his face.
Daddy tickles him and asks if he thinks Sammy is ready to start to throwing around a football yet. Dean just laughs because Daddy is so silly—Sammy is just a baby!
Castiel sets his music to auto-replay, adjusts his headphones, and hustles out of the subway station at 50th Street. Jogging up the steps, he blinks in the early morning sunlight making his way down the half block to 48th Street until he reaches the imposing brick five-story building. Even now, after two years of attending, it still frightens him just a little, always feeling like the imposter who managed to con his way in.
After thirty minutes, he checks his watch and finds that it’s six forty-five; it’s time to wrap up. He stretches out all of his sore muscles, chugs his water bottle like a man in the desert, and hits the shower.
Cas turns horrified eyes on him. “Oh. I see. OK. If that’s what you want.” He stands up and takes a step toward the door and suddenly Dean finally puts two and two together.
“God, don’t alert the media. My older brother Gabriel made me watch Ghostbusters even though Anna said it was asinine.”
Dad stumbles in and Dean can tell that he’s drunk off his ass. Dad plops down on a bed and watches baseball with Dean for a minute. Then he says it: “Who’s Cas?”
Dean is silent the entire ride back to the motel. The motel has orange walls and the soap smells like barf. The soap at Bobby’s smells nice.
“No, Cas. Listen, you don’t have to go. We can run. I know how to hide.” Dean sits up, his anxiety starting to reach a fever pitch.
They watch a whole episode of Looney Tunes togetherbefore Cas speaks: “You’ll talk when you’re ready, right?”
Cas stares off into space for a while. “I think the boy had pretty green eyes like a forest in the mountains. I think he was pure and righteous. I think he loved his family and would do anything to protect them. I think the tree thought the boy was pretty and liked the sound of his laugh and wanted to be with him forever and protect him.”
Dean unbuckles Sam and lifts him into his arms, standing next to the Impala; he’s tense because he thought Dad was taking them to go get ice cream or something fun like that. But now he’s afraid that Dad is going to leave them here for only one week, I promise and come back a month later. Again.
Cas squares his shoulders. “Dean, I refuse to tell you the answer to that question in a freezing cold, rundown store parking lot.”
“You left!” The words seem to pour out of Dean like a dark waterfall. “You left me alone for five years. Do you wanna know what I did all those years?”
Dean nods. It changes nothing, but it does make him feel a little better. But then something occurs to him. “What do you mean, ‘happy with someone else’?”
Cas puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders. He waits patiently for Dean to meet his eyes. “Dean Winchester, I cannot promise that I will never leave you. But I swear on everything I hold dear, I will always return to you.”
Cas kisses him, still just a brief press of lips and a smile, and then they both go about the day as normal and neither one ever brings it up again. But Dean thinks about the kiss all day.
The fluorescent lights are killing him, so Dean excuses himself to go to the bathroom. He splashes cold water on his face and when he looks up, Cas is behind him. Dean jumps about a mile.
Dean wriggles free and races to Sammy’s crib, his sleepiness forgotten for the moment. “Good night, Sam.” He plants a kiss on his forehead.
Cas steps forward and now they're nose to nose with Cas's hands on his shoulders and his fingers immediately splay to mimic the old handprint. "Dean, listen to me. We will tear the world apart to save each other. I love you in the way that starts wars and levels nations. I can't make you happy. We are too much."
Jess walks outside, chatting pleasantly with Cas about her newest painting. She’s as big as a house, but glowing. Cas is carrying Cathryn’s infant seat. He sets her down carefully and Dean leans down to peek at his one-year-old niece. She’s sleeping peacefully, and Dean strokes her blond wisps of hair before moving away to fix his plate.
Dean’s brain seems to be stuck. “But Mom’s death was an accident. Everyone said that it was some kind of messed up wiring.”
They’re both holding cheap cups of coffee and Sam looks depressed. But his face lights up when he sees that Dean is awake.
The rest of the class passes fairly quickly and Castiel focuses on doing his absolute best and giving his all in every combination, desperate to avoid any further mistakes.
After a while, he’d look up to the sound of a quiet slur just as often as his name and then he’d hate himself, for letting them tattoo their ignorance into his psyche. So he’d let the words drown them out.
He nods and she walks away to prepare for the next class. Slinging the bag over his shoulder, he pulls on sneakers and heads to his dorm room. The hallways are crowded as classes let out and he dodges the crowd, finally arriving at his room and letting himself in with the key he keeps on a lanyard.
He’s seen it before, girls getting involved with some guy that they tend to get paired with for pas de deux and then both of them start skipping class to spend more time together or pretending to study after hours and getting caught making out instead. That’s fine until their dancing falls behind and the next year, you don’t see them back again and no one says their names anymore except in whispers after classes.
And then Cas blinks and something flashes like lightning behind his eyes. Like a thunderstorm when it finally arrives. Cas turns around, so Dean can’t see his face and is left staring at his rigid shoulders.
Cas takes a deep breath. “I couldn’t stand by and watch you be in love with someone else. Because … I love you.”
Cas relaxes just a little. “Oh. Well, we’re not married but I really, really like you. Does that count?”
Cas groans and goes to answer the door. Dean just shakes his head. He loves Sam with his whole heart, but he’s a serious cockblock. He counts his burgers and turns off the grill and sets the table.
Being into men was never part of the plan. He’s never dared breach the subject with Zachariah and Naomi for obvious reasons. He’s sure they’d throw him out faster than he could say “But I’m a virgin,” and then he’d be left with no place to stay during summer break and not even the crumbs of their financial support.
Dean’s breath catches just a little because Cas is sopretty when he smiles. It makes his blue eyes crinkle and dimples appear. Dean snuggles against Cas, and Cas flips the quilt over both of them so Dean is toasty warm.
He finally winds up in Montana and by then it’s midnight. He finds a cheap motel to stay at and forks over some cash, noting that he’s almost out. He needs to start credit scamming or playing pool again because it’ll be a cold day in hell before he asks John for money.
Castiel sighs in disgust and throws on a pair of sweats and a black t-shirt. Balthazar has started doing pullups on the bar in their doorway and Castiel just sighs and laces up his ratty Converse.
Even though Castiel got dragged to church every single week and recited prayers every night in front of Naomi until he was ten, it never truly stuck.
Dean straightens and walks out to the waiting room. John is grumbling about what took so damn long. Dean ignores him and sits in a hard wooden chair. His spine is straight and his expression neutral. When the doctor comes out and tells them that Sam will be fine, Dean can’t even muster a sense of relief. Healing a paper cut does nothing for a man too shattered to remember to breathe.
Dean grabs some generic beer and some Jack Daniel’s whiskey and turns around to grab some pie. But then he sees him. And Dean drops all his bottles. Broken glass goes flying and the teenage clerk gives him a dirty look and goes to grab a broom and mop. Meanwhile, Dean only has eyes for the man in the front of the store.
Dad lifts Dean suddenly and it hurts. Dad is carrying him while Cas is holding his hand. But someone’s missing. “Sammy. Cas, is Sammy OK?”
He’s got a full day of high school classes and then ballet class in the evening. He sighs and rolls out the lingering stiffness in his shoulders. He heads for the cafeteria, knowing he’ll need the caffeine to keep his energy up and a snack to eat on his way. It’s always a long day around here.
Castiel knows timelines. Occasionally he explores them simply for amusement. Futures wholly different because two people never met.
Dean flinches. He can hear John’s comments offucking good-for-nothing fags ringing in his ears. What would he do if he knew Dean liked guys too? Because he does. Dean finally admits that to himself as he reaches for the shampoo.
But stars burn out and Castiel is wracked with the memory of Lucifer who was called the Morning Star. One day something will extinguish Dean's light and Castiel will be left in the dark. He lies in his silent bedroom and curls his knees to his chest because angels do not cry.
Dad gets in the car and starts the engine. Dean feels a thrill go through him when he hears its familiar rumble. He loves the car just as much as Dad does. “Dad, where are we going?”
This is his chance. He could get a real position with NYCB. He’ll be 17 in March and it’s not unheard for dancers to be offered a contract that young. He could
Dean just nods, but before Cas can start, he grabs Cas’s hand and laces their fingers together. He feels safer when he’s touching Cas, like Cas is holding all his shattered pieces together.
Dean doesn’t know exactly what Cas is to him. Dean suddenly thinks that he would like to marry Cas and immediately tries to squash the thought. You can’t marry someone who’s imaginary. But Dean can see it all. He and Cas would get away from John and buy a little fixer-upper in the suburbs. Dean’s good with his hands and he could fix whatever they needed. Cas likes to cook and he’d make apple pie in theevening, ready for when Dean got home from work. Maybe they’d adopt a kid. They’d raise him or her to be smart like Sam and kind like Cas and keep them safe from the taint of the hunting life. Dean could invite Sam to come have barbecues in the backyard and Dean would make hamburgers and complain about the flies to Cas and Cas would just kiss him to make him shut up.
Sam frowns and thinks for a long time. “I think that we shouldn’t steal one. That wouldn’t be right.”
Cas leans in close until Dean can feel Cas’s breath on his lips. And then Cas kisses him. No spit, just a warm press of lips and then Cas moves away.
Dean ponders the fact that someone is making himbreakfast. The last person to make him breakfast was Mom. His eyes start stinging suspiciously so he just ducks into the bathroom without answering for a moment of privacy.
He has classes starting at eight a.m. and at least thirty minutes of weightlifting to fit in first. Balthazar, the lucky bastard, has first period free so he gets to do his cardio and then lounge around for an hour and a half.
It was just too easy to look at him, thin and gangly with a mop of messy hair and secondhand clothes that never fit right, and think
His headphones keep cutting out because he desperately needs a new phone but some music is better than dead silence. His playlist is an eclectic mix of classical pieces that he memorizes for variations, riot grrl and heavy metal music for motivation, and the occasional pop song because Taylor Swift is a talented musician and she deserves to be respected outside of her traditional niche as an artist who caters to tween girls and he’s willing to fight about it with anyone who asks.
He attends the public high school, the Professional Performing Arts School. It’s only two subway stops away from the School of American Ballet at the Lincoln Center but that feels awfully far on a frigid November morning when he can see his breath fogging in a cloud around him.
Dean wants to answer. He really does. But his limbs feel like they’re full of lead and Dean just wants to drift away. He’s so tired. Dean feels like this is it. Finally. He’s going to die at eighteen and he didn’t even have to do it himself. How convenient.
It’s the sunrise that first wakes Dean. He’s still sleepy and warm, so he snuggles closer to whomever he’s cuddling. He lifts one heavy eyelid, sees Cas’s dark hair, and sighs in contentment.
He creeps down to the kitchen where Benny is frying eggs and whistling. The scene makes his heart clench. This is what he’s wanted for so long. But not with Benny. Dean closes his eyes. He’s got to do this. It’s not fair to either of them to keep this going.
Castiel reminds himself that he doesn’t want to get expelled for punching someone. He nods stiffly and strips off his shirt to change into clean clothes. Balthazar whistles appreciatively but Castiel ignores him.
Cas pauses and looks at Dean. Dean honestly has no idea what his expression is. There’s just too much information to process.
Cas takes his hand and they stand in their kitchen, just lazily trading kisses. Dean finally pulls away. “I gotta make the hamburgers.”
Their eyes meet, green and blue, and Cas is looking at Dean like he’s the world. With a flash,  Dean realizes that something is about to happen, but then Dad and Sam walk in and Cas fades away.
He hurries in the shower and is soon pulling on his favorite navy henley and jeans. But he panics when he hears Cas yell from the kitchen. He scrambles for his pistol and charges down the stairs, ready to rip apart any monster that threatens his husband.
Mommy comes in and Daddy kisses her before he leaves to go watch the news. Mommy brings out the book basket and tells Dean that he can only pick one. Thus the hardest decision of Dean’s day is before him. Dean touches The Giving Tree, but then he looks atWinnie the Pooh and pauses. He loves them both; how can he choose? He only manages to decide when Mommy says that they can read the other book tomorrow night. So Dean chooses The Giving Tree.He listens intently, and when the book is over, Mommy kisses his forehead.
Dean breathes a tiny sigh. There’s only enough food for Sam tonight. Dad’s been gone for almost three weeks hunting a rugaru and food is running low. Dean is going to have to go to the store and steal something tomorrow so they can eat. Dean hates stealing.
And Cas does but it's the kind of kiss that leaves you emptier than when you started. He steps away and Dean immediately misses his warmth. "Goodbye Dean."
Cas looks utterly miserable and Dean feels like a piece of shit for yelling at him. “But today is your birthday.”
He turns around and follows Dad out the door. He scrubs stray tears from his face because Dad said that he doesn’t want a crybaby son.
And here is Cas, looking at him like he’s actually worth something, like he actually cares what happens to him. Cas looks like he wants to give Dean the world. And Dean can’t stand it.
After lunch, his classes are typically boring. They have the nerve to talk to him about the Oxford comma and its usage as if he didn’t memorize the standard punctuation marks at age eight when he was bored. Growing up with Zachariah and Naomi, he
Fourteen-year-old Dean sighs. They’re in Montana while Dad hunts a wendigo. It’s freezing and snows every day and Sammy only has a proper winter coatbecause Dean works after school five days a week. They barely have enough money for microwave meals, let alone a Christmas tree. But Sam deserves a nice Christmas.
Mom unbuckles the car seat and lifts it up for Dean to see. “Dean, meet your little brother, Samuel Winchester.”
But then Cas splays a hand against Dean’s shoulder like he’s trying to brand him and whispers, “You are worth it.” And Dean thinks that just maybe he believes him.
Dean thinks he’s going to cry. Not the manly sniffle and one or two stray tears. No, it’s going to be the full-on ugly cry with snot everywhere and tears that you can’t make stop and a hideous red face. Do not cry. Do not cry. DO NOT CRY. Of course, he doesn’t listen to himself and the tears start falling. It is his birthday and Dean hasn’t eaten all day and his hand hurts and no one remembered.
The motel room is quiet when sixteen-year-old Dean silently lets himself in. Sammy’s light breathing and Dad’s gruff almost-snoring masks any scratch of the lock. It’s almost two in the morning and Dean feels a little guilty for coming back so late.
Dean sits up, trying to rub the sleep out of his eyes. “What the heck, Cas?” Dean almost tacks on a reminder to not wake up Sammy, but then he remembers. Right. Cas is imaginary. Sam can’t see or hear him.
Lying awake in his dark dorm room, the lights of the city painting dim shapes on his carpet, Castiel dreams.
Later, Dean sits on the cold hood of a police car and watches his home burn. Dean’s eyes suddenly start overflowing because he starts thinking of Sammy’s bee and Dean’s favorite toy car, a tiny Impala like Daddy’s, and Mommy’s not here and never will be and he’s cold and his throat hurts—
He fires up the grill on the patio and starts frying burgers, humming Metallica under his breath. He nearly jumps out his skin when Cas’s arms wrap around his waist and then he relaxes against Cas’s strong frame, sighing in contentment.
Cas suggested they name the baby Matthew, and Dean agreed. He would never name his son after John and he had no other family. Cas said Matthew meant gift of God and Dean decided it fit. Dean even being alive right now was a gift.
And then a dark and anxious flower blooms to life in Dean’s chest, a whisper of you’re not good enough, he’ll leave eventually, you’re poison, you’ll destroy him. But Dean shoves it all down and smiles, a four-fifths of the way there sort of smile, and answers, “Of course, Cas.”
And Dean doesn’t get to have good things. He’s a grunt. He helps Dad hunt and that’s all he’s ever going to do. Sam’s going to go to college and marry a beautiful wife and make bags of money. All Dean can see in his future is dying bloody at the claws of some monster. Futures are for people who are actually worth something.
Cas smiles. “The tree loved the boy too much. Maybe the tree regretted its choices, just once, but then I think the boy came to visit and the tree decided that there was nothing it wouldn’t give for the boy. The boy was worth it.”
Dean grins. Cas remembered. They’d talked about it before, Dean explaining the idea of people choosing a person to shower with affection and be theirValentine.
“Dean, I guess I owe you some answers. And don’t interrupt me until I’m finished, please. I guess the best way to describe it … well, I have a mirror that I can step through to get to you. I can always see you and I can feel when you want me.”
Sam clears his throat loudly. They break apart to see Sam looking grumpy and Jess trying to stifle giggles.
“As long as I can dance better than any of them, I don’t care if they think I’m the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man.” Castiel lifts his other leg into a stretch above his head.
Sometimes at night Castiel lies in his bed and tries not to shake from terror. Because Dean Winchester is a galaxy, every freckle a star, and his glow is so bright Castiel doesn't understand how others cannot see it.
Cas grabs Dean’s hand and they race to Dean’s room to pull all the blankets off the bed. As they head back down the stairs, Dean almost trips because those blankets are heavy, but it’s OK because Cas catches him before he falls.
Cas is humming as he measures butter and sprinkles cinnamon. Cas’s wedding ring glints in the sunlight and Dean feels a flutter of pride that Cas is his. His hair is messy and Dean has to stifle a laugh at the memory of what they did last night to make it so disheveled.
Castiel tells himself that he will not cry, even as hot pinpricks sting his eyes. He is sixteen years old. He will not cry in the middle of a fucking ballet class.
In the shower, he takes a little longer than normal soaping up, enjoying the hot water on his tired body. The caffeine helped but it’s still difficult to feel like a functioning human being when you have three hours of dance every day and essays to write every week.
Dad drags over a kitchen chair, the legs screeching on the wood floor. He straddles it easily and flashes his winning smile at Bobby, who just leans against the counter and crosses his arms.
Dean nods and Cas looks slightly reassured. Cas sits back so he’s not in Dean’s personal space anymore and sighs.
Dad takes a deep breath and seems to calm down. “Dean, grab Sammy and get in the Impala. Don’t ask questions; just go.”
Lunch is a quiet affair. There’s a cafeteria here, of course— a small one with blank white walls and tables with attached benches that can be folded up at the end of the period. After he gets his food (cheap carbs and dry vegetables— the irony is not lost on him), he finds a safe place in the library. It’s much quieter and he doesn’t have to worry about people watching him eat or trying to talk to him.
He signs himself out at the front desk for school and then he’s off, striding through the crowds of people on the New York City streets on their way to work. The early morning sunlight is thin and crisp, illuminating the gray sidewalks and leafless trees. Castiel pulls his scarf tighter around his throat and shoves his cold fingers into his coat pockets, wishing he could stop losing his gloves all the time.
The streetlight highlights Cas's hair and Dean swallows hard. His fingers are freezing and Cas's cheeks are tinged pink. And of course Cas drove one of the goddamn Harleys and he's got a leather jacket on and Dean chews his bottom lip. Damn it. It's now or never.
But being gay is easier than explaining that he’s crazy, because anyone in ninth grade who has an imaginary friend  is definitely crazy. Dean’s made his peace with that fact. Cas has always been there for him and Dean sure as hell doesn’t want him going away.
Dancers always dress like tortured souls trapped in 1980’s exercise video hell, or as Balthazar calls it, “boho chic”. There’s plenty of bandanas used as sweat bands, legwarmers, oversized sweaters, and random logo tees to blind anyone this early in the morning and Castiel weaves through the gathering groups as quickly as possible, knowing his mood will improve when it doesn’t feel like there’s sand rubbing the back of his eyelids.
There’s general nods and murmurs of agreement. Castiel almost chokes on a mouthful of water as terror rises in his chest and Balthazar shoots him a concerned look.
list of reasons he can’t get involved with Balthazar and at the top of the list is that he can’t afford to get distracted.
Dad shoves the wolf off Dean and Dean appreciates that. Dad holds his hand out to help Dean up, but there are about three hands swimming in front of him and Dean doesn’t know which one to grab. Dean closes his eyes because everything is honestly less confusing that way and everything hurts.
Cas pulls away, searching his face. “Do you, um, do you want me to go?” Cas looks like he’s trying to resign himself to the idea.
“A pop culture reference? From you?” Balthazar places a hand over his chest as he rolls out the kinks in his neck.
Dean can barely breathe because this is it. Cas wants to leave but he doesn’t want to hurt Dean’s feelings. Dean has to be the unselfish one here and let Cas go. “Cas, just relax. It’s—it’s OK. You can go. I don’t want to make you stay.”
Sam turns to Dean, his eyes suddenly full of uncertainty. Dean wishes he could exploit that, convince Sam to stay, but this is what Sam wants, and so Dean has to let him go. Sam can protect himself now.
Cas wrinkles his nose. “I don’t know for certain. I also fell in love with you, as well as revealing my angelic status, so the angels may cast me down and I’ll become human. That’s probably the most likely scenario.”
“Have you killed the monster that killed Mom?” Dean’s mouth doesn’t seem to belong him to him anymore. His insides feel full of ice and his voice sounds like steel, gray and cold.
Cas just sighs a little and seems to nuzzle into Dean. Dean’s pretty sure that he doesn’t smell that great. He’s sweaty and probably smells like dead wendigo. But Cas just leans into him anyway. They stand there for a long time. Dean knows that if anyone walked in right now they’d just see Dean hugging empty air, buthe really doesn’t give a flying fuck right now. Cas is here and he’s …
When Dean takes a blade to his skin for the first time, he imagines Cas. Not horrified or concerned. No, in his fantasies, Cas holds the knife. He snarls abuse and Dean soaks it up. He deserves it. He got Cas killed. He's the reason Cas fell. The memory of Cas, limp and glassy eyed, makes Dean press harder. But that doesn't matter, right?
It’s barely six fifteen a.m. and the hallways are already starting to fill up with people as he makes his way past endless dorm rooms.
“You’re not real.” Dean knows this fact deep inside himself. He feels like he’s been asleep for his whole life and he just woke up.
he’s a good dancer and go pro. He’d never need to worry about losing his scholarship or being forced to go back to living with Naomi and Zachariah again if he can win.
Cas puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder and somehow Dean doesn’t feel as panicky. “Just wait. We’ll go if we hear anything else.”
“Maybe I heard your footsteps in the hall and was just doing it to impress you,” Balthazar says as he smoothly transitions to sitting cross legged on the ground, eyes never leaving his device.
But Cas is shoving Dean toward the stairs and Dean finally manages to move his feet. Normally, Dean isn’t allowed to carry Sammy down the stairs, but Dean knows that this is no ordinary night. He tramples downstairs, Cas right behind him.
After that, it’s Health and he tunes out when Ms. Garcia presents her lecture on healthy eating. If he doesn’t understand nutrition by now, he never will.
Music has never come naturally to him. He enjoys listening to it, sure, but being able to pick out a melody or worse, an accompanying harmony felt like translating a foreign language on the fly. Other dancers can pick out intricate rhythms, never missing their cue or timing. He comes in too late or too early, moves at his own pace and drives the ballet master or mistress crazy. Castiel is always the one whispered about after class is over.
Cas looks like it’s his birthday, Christmas, and Halloween all at once. “Of course I want to stay. I miss you all the time.”
Mommy passes Sammy’s car seat to Daddy and crouches down to Dean’s level. She cups his face, eyes full of concern. “I’m so sorry you had to wake up alone, baby. Everything just happened so fast. Are you okay?”
Oh God. Dean literally forgot all about his little brother who is still in the goddamned hospital. And if that doesn’t make Dean the worst piece of shit to ever draw breath, he doesn’t know what does.
He jumps up and grabs Cas’s wrist.“Wait! Cas, don’t you dare leave. What did you mean, if that’s what I want?”
Seven-year-old Dean carefully places the wooden blocks on top of each other. His tower is almost ten blocks tall and it’s swaying dangerously, but still standing. He stands up to see if there are more blocks behind him.
Dean kisses him, light and soft. “Of course I feel the same way. I was just surprised.” But then Dean grits his teeth. Time to come clean. “I just—I thought you didn’t love me back. I made up Lisa. She never existed. I just didn’t want to tell you how I felt because I thought you would reject me. That and I thought you were imaginary.”
The rest of the time, his body feels more like a vessel, a vehicle to carry him from place to place while the rest of him strains to escape, too much anxiety and fear and intensity stuffed into a sweaty sixteen year old body with limbs that can’t perform the way he desperately wants.
Not everyone attends a brick-and-mortar school. Some dancers choose online classes so they have more time to practice and Castiel wishes desperately that were him but online classes often require tuition and he can’t afford that. Online classes also turn his brain to mush since he can’t focus for shit unless he’s in a classroom so he knows he’d end up shelling out thousands just for his grades to tank instantly.
Dean has had a fun day. Mommy took him and Sammy to the park and she pushed them on the swings. Then Mommy bought Dean ice cream and Dean chose rocky road, his very favorite ice cream in the whole world. Even Sammy got some licks of Mommy’s vanilla cone. But now Dean is tired.
“Well, just so you know, you should ask someone to be your Valentine first.” Dean is teasing, just a little.
He’s just barely on time and he hitches his worn backpack over his shoulder as a nervous tic. Pulling out his phone and scrolling mindlessly through social media dims some of his anxiety because he can avoid eye contact or pretend he doesn’t wear his insecurity like a second skin.
“Dean, wait.” Dean freezes. What did he do? He didn’t say anything at Bobby’s, even though he wanted to.Dean turns around slowly, certain that Dad is going to yell at him and Dean doesn’t even know what he did wrong and the unfairness of it all is pressing against Dean’s skin and the sun is so bright in his eyes—
Dean blinks. His stomach starts to sink, but he tells himself he's probably misunderstanding. "Why not?"
Dean knows that voice. He opens his eyes, only to get lost in crystal blue. “Heya, Cas.” His throat feels thick and tight. Dean closes his eyes again because keeping them open is too much work.
His ankle itches and he scratches it, struggling with his tight combat boots. What is an itch, really? What causes it? He’s heard it has something to do with pain, like a discomfort that the brain can’t really comprehend. He idly wonders about addiction, a longing, an absence that slides between itchy desperation and grief.
For some reason, that makes Dean feel all squishy inside and he has to look at the ground for a moment.
The next time Dean wakes up, he’s in his daddy’s arms, still wrapped in blankets. Dean is being carried into the house and the sun is all the way up. It’s bright and so Dean closes his eyes. His daddy passes him to someone and Dean looks up to see his mother’s blond hair. She smiles at him and carries him to his room.
Dean finishes showering quickly and shuts off the water, shivering in the cold morning air. He dries off and just puts his own clothes back on, his worn-out jeans and his AC/DC shirt. Even if they don’t smell as fresh as he’d like, they’re armor and Dean feels safer with them on.
And Dean doesn’t understand why, but he suddenly starts to cry. He’s trying to hold back the sobs because Daddy says that boys that cry are crybabies and Dean doesn’t want to be a crybaby. But the tears keep flowing. He doesn’t know where Mommy and Daddy are and they left him here all alone.
But any guilt is masked by the glorious, awesome fact that he just had sex. For the first time. And it was so great, Dean thinks that he’ll be walking on air for a week. He calls up an image of the girl, all smooth curves and creamy skin. He doesn’t know her name and he left before she woke up. He’ll probably be on his way out of town by the end of the week, as soon as he and Dad kill the vampire, so there’s no point in forming a relationship.
Cas still hasn’t turned around and he doesn’t seem to have moved a muscle. “Dean, I feel that it would be better if we remained separate permanently.”
Cas just glares at him like he’s dumb. “I am very good at hiding.” Then he adds, looking thoughtful, “And I liked that book.”
“When this child was old enough to understand, the angel appeared to him, disguised as a four-year-old boy like the child himself. The angel chose not to be visible to anyone but his charge, so most believed that this child simply had an imaginary friend.”
He nods brusquely and settles back into the opening position for the combination. His legs are burning but he can’t stop, not after falling. There’s no excuse for a bad turning day. It just means that he needs to work harder.
He pushes through pirouettes and onto grande allegro. Hester demonstrates the men’s combo and he marks it carefully, memorizing the intricate steps. Tour jeté, chassé, tombé, pas de bourrée, and finishing in a double pirouette en dehors de l'attitude derrière.
Dean folds his little brother, all grown up, into his arms and sternly tells himself not to cry. Sam needs to go, get away from Dad, learn new things that Dean can’t even dream of.
It was Sammy’s very first hunt, only because Deanhad begged Dad to spare Sam as long as they could. But this time Dad said that the werewolf pack was too big for two people to handle; he insisted that this time, Sam was coming.
He sighs and drags his ass out of bed to touch his toes, leaning forward until his clasped elbows brush against the cold wood floor and feeling his hamstrings groan in protest. Splits are a “use it or lose it” type of thing and a dancer who isn’t flexible will struggle in class.
Ballet is a frustrating three hours. He still can’t fucking turn for shit and there’s a sour taste in his mouth that might be exhaustion or self-loathing. After the révérance, he’s sweaty and achy but Ezra, one of the teachers, calls everyone over for a quick meeting. Castiel flops down on the marley floor gratefully, gulping water from his waterbottle.
He scrolls through ballet videos on Youtube, trying to break down the individual variations between each version of the Bluebird solo, replaying clips from the Youth America Grand Prix competition from last year and watching the dancers in his age division. They’re incredible, really, all stunning power and delicate extension, flexibility and artistry and timing and musicality. They have it all.
Dean was pretty shocked but the more he thought about the idea, the more he liked it. Jana was suspicious, but she quickly warmed up to the idea and became just as enthusiastic about it. They had flown through all the necessary legal paperwork and were just waiting for delivery day.
Dean completely forgot. Today is his twelfth birthday and no one remembered. Not his “friends,” not his teachers, not Sam, not his dad. Absolutely no one remembered that today is his birthday. Except Cas. Cas is the only person in the whole goddamned world who remembered his fucking birthday and he’s not even real.
And Dean just wants to die, because if Dean tells Cas what he wants, it will break them both. Because Cas can’t give that to him. Cas doesn’t love him that way. And that’s killing Dean.
He lets himself into the weight room, finding a quiet corner over by the dumbbells and starts off with fifteen minutes of cardio on the treadmill, gritting his teeth and reminding himself that ballet is supposed to
Mommy sees him valiantly trying to stay awake and smiles. She picks him up and carries him to Sammy’s nursery. She turns on the light, and Dean can see Sammy is still awake. “C’mon, let’s say goodnight to your brother.”
Daddy tells Sammy to have sweet dreams and then he heads to Dean’s room. Dean’s room is painted blue, his favorite color. He tells Daddy about his fun day as he gets tucked into bed.
Dean feels a tiny bit better, but he’s still afraid. “Once you leave, you don’t have to come back, right?”
“Oh God. Sam, no. Just stop. Whatever Cas and I do is our business. OK? Let’s just put up some red and green paper and forget I ever mentioned Cas?”
A nasty voice inside of him whispers, So you’re allowed to get it up for a stranger, but not Cas. The worst part is that Dean knows just what kind of bullshit logic that is. The fact that Dean even kinda enjoyed it makes him feel even more despicable.
Cas still looks sheepish but he sounds certain when he answers. “Of course. You’re my best friend, and I sorta wanted to kiss you, as well.”
Dean has never seen Dad so angry. “Dean Winchester, what the hell do you think you’re doing?!” Sammy is wailing, but Dean can hear Dad yelling just fine.
Dean, puzzled, picks up Sam and opens the door of their motel room. The South Dakota sunlight is blinding and Dean squints. He buckles Sam in his car seat, not without plenty of complaints from Sam about how hot the car is. Dean ignores him because there’s nothing he can do about the temperature.
They both know that nothing will ever be the same again. But Dean buries his face in Cas’s trench-coated shoulder and pretends like everything's OK.
Dean can't see the blue of Cas's eyes in the dusk. They're just darkened shadows. "Dean, we will ruin each other."
“Hey, gorgeous.” Dean smiles as Cas snuggles against him. But they both freeze when the doorbell rings.
Cas is shaking. “I’m sorry. I don’t have anything else to say but that. It was forbidden to tell you I was an angel. And I’m so sorry I left you. I didn’t even check on you. I just couldn’t bear to see you happy with someone else. But you weren’t happy. And I should have known that. I’m such a failure.”
Dean’s freezing. All he wanted was some booze and pie so he could pretend that someone cares about his birthday. Looks like frostbite is his gift from the universe. He parks outside some liquor store that sells snacks and dashes to the door, trying to be as quick as possible because he hasn’t bought a coat yet this year.
So, Dean doesn’t run or hit back as Dad’s first punch connects with his jaw. Because this is for Sam. For Sam, he thinks as punches steal the breath out of his lungs. For Cas, he thinks as his face hits the rough carpet. How poetic, Dean thinks, taking a beating for the people he loves best, even if one of them is imaginary. It’s his last thought before Dean passes out.
The clerk rolls his eyes, and Dean notices absently that his name tag says Alfie. “Yeah, I can see him.”
Dean turns away. He walks slowly, his footsteps heavy. Samisgonesamisgonesamisgone. He reaches the Impala and sinks into the driver’s seat. Dean rests his forehead on the steering wheel, the familiar leather comforting him just a little.
Because now Dean finally fucking gets it. He’s in love with his best friend. Who is imaginary. But Cas doesn’t love him back. And even if he did, he’s not real. So that’s it. The shitty end to the doomed love of Dean Winchester.
“I am so very sorry.” Cas finally speaks and his voice sounds so small because no words will fix this and they both know that.
Again, against his will, he finds himself thinking of Balthazar and watching the muscles of his back flex as he does pushups on their bedroom floor. Balthazar is snarky and irreverent; he’s consistently toeing the line of expulsion but he’s such a brilliant dancer that he always manages to worm his way back into the instructors’ good graces.
Dean opens his eyes and Cas is sitting next to him. Dean studies his friend, all too-big trenchcoat and that stupid blue tie, but just a seven-year-old like him. Cas smiles sadly at him, like he can see all the way inside Dean.
Castiel tucks his lanyard with his key card and ID into the pocket of his jeans. “It’s really not fair that you get to practice more and then still expect me to want to battle you on Smash.”
“I understand, Dean. Thank you for telling me of your wishes. I apologize that my presence is unwelcome. I will not trouble you again.”
Dean is being abandoned. Again. Suddenly he’s reminded of the day Sam was born; the thick panic closing off his throat because everyone leaves.
Bobby’s expression instantly turns stormy. “John, he’s only seven. Does he really need to know now?”
Dean heads up the stairs yelling for his mom and dad. He checks their bedroom, Sammy’s room, his room, the bathroom. No one replies.
And now Dean’s mouth goes and does something reckless. “Then stay.” And now Dean is mentally kicking himself because Cas won’t want to be aroundall the time, dealing with Dean’s shit.
“Gather around, everyone. Settle down.” Ezra says, waving their hands and waiting until everyone’s quiet.
Balthazar is already lounging on his bed, munching on a bag of chips as he flips through a chemistry textbook. “Bad turn day, Cassie. Going to have to do better or old Hest will have your ass.”
Cas appears right in front of him, their noses almost touching, and nearly makes him yelp. “Dammit, Cas!”
Twelve-year-old Dean pulls the mac’n’cheese out of the microwave. It’s steaming hot and Dean burns himself as he grabs it, but he somehow manages to set it down without spilling it everywhere. He recoils the earliest moment he physically can and waves his abused hand around like an idiot. “Shit, shit, shit!”
Ballet has always been his god and sometimes he reflected on the parallels with wry irony. He’s willing to break apart his body, spend all his money and time, study with hungry intensity, and practice for hours every day all in pursuit of his devotion when his parents tend to use their religion as a weapon to harm others when it’s convenient and ignore it when they’re personally inconvenienced by it.
He slips on a fresh t-shirt and his softest pair of well-worn jeans that he bought at Goodwill. Being a scholarship student means he has to scrimp for every expense. It’s exhausting, especially when he has days like today when the bone-deep terror of being cut from the program settles in around his ribs and leaves him stumbling out of every step.
Dean stands and, for the first time, realizes that he’s as tall as Dad. He is just as strong as him now, too.Dean could leave; he doesn’t need to be afraid of Dad anymore.
Dean can’t breathe. So many wasted years. They could have been together for years. Cas didn’t need to leave.But he had, all because Dean couldn’t just open his damn mouth and tell Cas how he felt.
The next thing Dean knows, he’s sobbing into his daddy’s robe. Cas tries to comfort him but Dean just cries himself to sleep.
Apple pie tastes like dirt. He and Sam are in some grimy diner, and Dean nearly chokes. It tastes like ash and lost dreams and he knows that is sentimental crap but it's the damn truth. He pushes his plate away and waits for Sam in the Impala.
But Dad doesn’t say what Dean expects. “Dean, there are monsters in the world and one of them killed your mother.”
And so when Cas shows up at the door a week later, swaying, with blood staining the back of his coat, Dean is there.
Dean is stuck on the fact that Cas wanted him to be his Valentine. As in Cas, who is pretty (and Dean doesn’t care if boys aren’t supposed to be pretty, because Cas is pretty) enough to have any girl and didn’t have to choose Dean or even remember the holiday at all. But he picked Dean. And now he looks like he’s going to cry and it’s Dean’s fault.
Dean understands. His mommy sometimes says he can’t play, too. “But you can play today, right?” He’s a little afraid that Cas will say no. Dean needs someone there so the house won’t feel so big and empty.
“And sure enough, tragedy followed this boy everywhere. But the angel stayed with him as well, through house fires and monsters and beatings.
Cas’s forehead crinkles in confusion and damn if it doesn’t make him look adorable. “What do you mean, ‘Sam, too’? What else is wrong?”
Dean lies down and Cas scoots over so he’s pressed against Dean’s side. Dean instantly relaxes because Cas is just so warm. But that worries Dean just a little.
Cas is awake and watching Dean a little hesitantly. Dean grins and snuggles closer, savoring the heat from Cas’s body. Dean lies there, just trying to take in the fact that Cas is there.
The universe is so dark. The sunlight feels pale and thin, somehow muted through thick gray clouds. He wakes up in the middle of the night, clawing at the dark and silence. But then he remembers and he stops trying.
Dean pauses, not sure if he really wants the answer to this question. “Well, you said it was forbidden to tell me you’re an angel. But you did anyway. What happens now?”
Castiel’s alarm blares at six am. He cracks open an eye blearily, to see Balthazar doing shirtless pushups on the floor between their beds. He bites his lip and wills his dick not to act up. There’s a
“The New York semi-finals are in March. That means if you’d like to participate, you need to register now so you’ll be ready with a variation in March. The YAGP offers scholarships to excellent schools all around the world and of course, our feeder dancer company, New York City Ballet, will be there, looking for stand-out competitors to join them. A dancer who already attends our School of American Ballet and can distinguish themselves onstage would be in an excellent position to be offered a corps or even a soloist position with NYCB.”
Cas looks shaken at the sight of the blood, but he doesn’t let up. “OK, good. What’s your favorite food?”
Sam had found him and hauled him to his feet. When Dean closes his eyes, he remembers Sam’s panicked face, but his clearest memory is the overwhelming disappointment that he was still alive. Dean still feels that every time he wakes up in the morning.
Dean is left blinking in surprise. “OK, I guess. That’s fair. But I’m driving.” No one gets to drive the Impala but him.
Bobby relaxes when he sees who’s at the door, but he still waves the gun around in his indignation. “Dammit, John! I almost blew your fool head off, ya idjit! But you might as well come in.” He squints at Dean. “And Dean’s arms look like they’re getting tired.”
Cas lifts the edge of the blanket to reveal a sleepy Sammy waving chubby fists. “He’s beautiful, Dean, just like you.”
“She’s positive. She’s only eighteen; she can’t raise a child now. She agrees that Matthew will have a better chance with us.”
A knock at his window has him reaching for the revolver in his waistband, until he sees the perfectly normal human guy at his window. Dean opens the door and steps out, hand still cautiously near his hidden weapon.
The world is so cold. An icy wind seems to be constantly blowing, sending chills down Castiel's spine. No matter how many blankets he wraps around himself, he cannot stop shivering.
A faint pink flush tinges Cas’s cheeks and Dean revels in the sight. But then he checks his watch and realizes they’re expecting Sam and Jess and Cathryn in five minutes.
What do I do? Nothing. Because Dean always wants the things he can’t have. He wants his mother to hold him one more time, he wants a house of his own, he wants kids with Cas, he wants to not always be looking over his shoulder for monsters, he wants Sam to be safe and happy, he wants to have a father he’s not afraid of, he wants to sleep in a bed that doesn’t hurt his back, he wants his own room, he wants eight hours of sleep for once, he wants to kiss Cas, he wants, he wants, he wants. Dean Winchester is a creature of want and he’s been living on scraps for years.
Dean squares his shoulders. “I was fine. Cas was with me. And besides, I’m not a baby. Sammy’s the baby.”
Hester cuts the music and the other dancers pause, looking around for the weak link. “Novak,” she calls and Castiel feels his shoulders tense in anticipation. “Get it together. I’ve seen better turns out of you.”
“They say bottling stuff up ain’t good for you, but what do I know, these guys have corked up enough feelings that’d make a volcano erupt.”
Cas slows down a bit, turning to frown at him. “I’ve ensured the both of you are at peak health whenever I’ve healed you. Neither of you has any clogged arteries to worry about.”
Dean seems to read something in the silence or in his expression and rolls his eyes, angling his head towards the fridge. “The casserole’s still pretty hot if you wanna risk it; otherwise there’s leftovers in the fridge. Take your pick.”
He stretches his legs out, feet bumping against Dean’s before crossing them at the ankle. “You can’t remember anything weird that stood out that day?”
Cas gives a slow nod in understanding. “Of course,” he says, shoulders slumping slightly. “I hope you and Sam have fun. I’ll ‘hold the house down’.”
He slants a glance at Dean before looking back down at his shoebox. He rubs a thumb absentmindedly against the side of the box as he stares at its contents and says, “Human lives are short.” He huffs a small, somewhat humorless laugh. “And we’re not exactly careful, you and I. So I’d like to spend what time I have by your side… as more than just friends.” He peeks up at Dean through his eyelashes nervously. “That is, if you’re amenable to it.”
“What? What did he get you?” Charlie says, jumping up to peek over his shoulder. She whistles. “Harry Potter box set. Sweet.”
Cas clears his throat nervously, bringing Dean’s attention back to him as he continues, “And you’re not going to ‘screw up’ our friendship, not when I feel the same way.”
He slants a slightly tired, slightly amused side-eye at Sam. “You’re a matched pair, getting excited over all this crap.”
As promised, Charlie arrives sometime late in the afternoon the following day, yammering excitedly as Sam guides her back to the bunker. The kids are busy poring over an old storybook Cas had found when Sam calls out to them.
“Fine. You want proof? I was ribbing Cas last night about his frou-frou drink choices and how he’s such a lightweight and-,” Dean pauses, jaw working, “I dunno what happened, but I ended up saying some stuff about when Lisa and I were together.”
He regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth, but it’s too late. The damage had already been done.
“Everyone’s already up,” She responds, yanking it away. “Come on. Sam’s already brewed up a fresh pot of coffee.”
Dean shrugs, mouth half-full even as he replies. “Remind me to show you the bunker’s gun range when we get back so you can get some practice in.”
“What? I’m good with kids and it was an easy way to make money when things were tight,” Kevin replies, biting into his sandwich. “Besides s’not like life’s as easy for us law-abiding citizens.”
Honestly, he’s not even sure why he’s bothering getting in the middle of this. Whatever’s set Dean on his hot and cold mood has nothing to do with him, and it’s not like Kevin is friends with Cas by any stretch of the term.
He mentally runs through his plan of action as he pokes at the pancake before expertly flipping it. Getting the feeling he’s being watched, he glances over his shoulder only to find Crowley watching him with a sardonic little smile.
“It’s not just about you. I’ve got shit I don’t want to air out like this, and if you care about our friendship at all, you won’t push it,” Dean says through tightly clenched teeth before Castiel can apologize. The tightness in his face relaxes slightly, likely from the compulsion accepting his answer.
Sam huffs, grabbing up his mug and heading for the coffee machine. “You were pestering me for an update not even an hour ago. Figured I’d do that and take a break to get some coffee. Everything I read’s just blurring together at this point.”
“Somewhat,” Crowley admits, earning a surprised look from Sam. “It’s an entertaining conundrum you’ve found yourselves in. I rather wish I could see more of it instead of just the fringes.”
Cas finally looks up and meets his eyes, there’s resignation in his eyes but no regret. “I did what I had to.”
“Oh,” Cas says slowly, blinking once, then twice, as if he isn’t entirely sure he’s heard correctly. His mouth twitches in something of a half-smile. “Alright.”
“Message received, boss lady. I’ll scoot on out of here and back into the kitchen.” Gabriel salutes her as he walks past. Before she can question Castiel – as he's certain she intends to do – she’s forced to attend to a somewhat harried man who orders five different coffees to-go. The coffee machine tended to be a bit finicky in the morning, so Castiel gets back behind the counter to help her with the order.
He straightens up, running a hand through his hair. If he could just find the witch’s things and burn them, maybe it’d undo the spell.
"Well, you should’ve taken a slice for yourself then. Here, you can try some of mine,” Dean says, offering up a forkful of pie.
Sam shakes his head, setting the water bottle down on the counter and moving to grab his mug. He’d need caffeine for this conversation.
Before Castiel can retort, Jody comes through the kitchen, moving to man the register he’d left unattended – an unintentional mistake in his attempt to avoid Gabriel. Fortunately for them, it being a Saturday and still only mid-morning meant it was too early for any actual foot traffic into the shop.
Dean stands stiffly nearby, watching Crowley with a narrow-eyed look as he hovers his hand briefly above each object. He doesn’t really
. I’ve dealt with worse than this and I’ll take it for as long as I have to because I managed to do something big, Cas.”
Cas gives him a look like he wants to object but accedes, moving to push the nearest shelving unit in front of the door. It won’t do much to delay the inevitable, but Dean’s nothing if not stubborn.
He stares down at the box as he speaks, softly as if more to himself. “I’ve become weaker since our escape from Purgatory. I thought I could still be useful, somehow, but I’m more of a burden than anything else.” His lips press together in a thin line. “I can’t even protect you from a mere witch’s spell.”
“Oh, drop the act," Dean snarks, training his gun on her in case she got any ideas. "Did you seriously think you could go around turning people into old codgers and no one was gonna notice anything?”
“I think I have a reasonably higher threshold for such work than Dean does,” Cas replies easily, “so there’s no need to worry.”
“So, Cassie, is today gonna be the day you finally ask out the tall, blond, stud-muffin?” Gabriel asks, leaning back against the counter.
“We’ve cleared up some more space near the front of the storeroom for whatever items you’ve finished cataloging.”
Crowley’s brows rise up of their own volition. Well. Maybe he and Moose should be grateful they’d made it out of that blasted ritual alive if this was their usual line of luck.
Cas hesitates, eyeing Sam before finally relenting. “He said I was adorable. But,” he continues before Sam can say anything, “he was also comparing me to a grumpy cat. It makes sense that he was trying to make fun of me in some manner.”
“No shop talk,” Dean says loudly as he sets the drinks down, interrupting whatever Sam was saying. “We’re supposed to be having
“I fell asleep,” Cas mutters as Dean returns with a full plate for Cas and another beer for himself.
Unsurprisingly, considering the circumstances and the object in question, Sam doesn’t find anything on Ma’at-related potentially magically-imbued artifacts, let alone anything on how to undo said magic. Burning the feather is their last-ditch option, but he’s a little hesitant to attempt it, remembering Crowley’s throwaway comment about the risk of magical blowback. He’s honestly a little surprised Dean hasn’t pushed for it already; maybe Crowley’s words stuck with him as well.
“Menopause, midlife crisis.” Dean shrugs. “I don't really give a fuck. Now listen, cuz I’m only gonna say this once - the stuff you’re playing with is dangerous. You have to stop."
Just as he’s leaving the kitchen, he hears Sam tell Cas, “I’ll rock-paper-scissors you for it; loser has to take Crowley dinner.”
“It doesn’t look very good,” Cas says eventually. Dean frowns at him before looking down. Cas was right. “Well, we just need to put stuff on top to make it pretty. Like a cake.”
“Stop,” Kevin says. Sam’s not in the mood to listen, mind already racing with apologies and the urge to chase after his brother, but falters when Kevin comes to stand in front of him, arms crossed. “Sam.”
Dean rolls his eyes at her and goes back to drinking his coffee, ignoring the amused look that Cas directs his way.
Sam huffs an irritated breath through his nose. “Don’t you think this has gone on long enough? What exactly are you afraid of accidentally telling him?”
Even though Dean’s given him blanket permission to ask whatever he wants, he’s still obviously hesitant at crossing a limit. “Like what?”
It’s mostly a rhetorical question; he’s half hoping she’ll do the bad guy spiel and brag. If he’s lucky, it’ll be long enough for Sam or Cas to get their asses in gear and get the drop on her from wherever the hell they were. She has the gall to look pleased by the question.
“It’s uh-” Rick casts around in his head, trying to remember what his high school English teacher had called it, “-hyperbole, I think. Exaggeration, y’know?”
He mentally shakes himself as he starts jogging back in the direction of the bunker. Their situation wasn’t all bad, in no small part with Kevin’s presence acting as something of a liferaft for Sam. He’s not sure he’d be handling things as well without him. The worst of their problems so far was getting the kids into bed most nights. Unfortunately for them, Kevin’s little reverse psychology trick from the first night had turned out to be a one-hit-wonder. Dean had refused to go to bed the very next night, fussing for over an hour with more energy than Sam expected a kid to have. He’d had to resort to bribing Dean (money didn’t do anything for him, but food, and chocolates specifically, seemed a promising currency to bargain with) to finally get him to sleep. Dean’s made a few not-so-subtle attempts since to be bribed into bed.
Decision made, his lips tilt up in a small smile and Cas only has a second of surprised realization before Dean wraps an arm around his waist and kisses him.
He tries to sneak quietly into the kitchen, a plan that’s immediately nixed when the floorboards creak under his weight before he’s even set foot into the room.
Cas resists Dean’s pulling, but he’s no longer angel-levels of immovable and drunk enough that he ends up stumbling back into Dean at the tug. Dean barely registers the familiar whiff of his shampoo that wafts off Cas mixed with the cigarette smoke scent permeating the bar before he shrugs Dean’s grip off with an annoyed, “I can walk just fine on my own, Dean.”
“What? No.” Sam straightens up with an amused little huff. “Things aren’t exactly that exciting back in the bunker,” Sam says with a wave of his hand and a stray
Tempting as it is to take another, hopefully more successful shot at flirting with Stone-Cold Fox if he ever comes back, he’s not sure yet if he’s willing to risk his life for the attempt.
It takes only a few minutes of work for Sam to get a fire going in the living room fireplace and toss them in. Hopefully, the neighbors weren’t around to notice or question why someone was lighting a fire in the middle of the day.
Sam leaves Cas be for a while once he returns, figuring he’d give the guy some space. Dean hasn’t blown his phone up with angry texts yet, so it’s safe to assume Cas hadn’t gone searching for him.
“Hey,” Sam says, sitting down beside Dean and setting the bowl on the nightstand. “I know you don’t really feel like eating with your sore throat, but you need to have something so I made you some soup.”
Sam finishes off the last of the coffee, depositing his mug in the sink. “Good to know researching a solution for your own dilemma isn’t worth your time then.”
Uncomfortably aware of Sam watching them, Dean’s careful not to stand too close to Cas as he explains how the game’s played. He gets the gist of it pretty quickly but keeps holding onto the cue like he’s planning to hit someone with it.
Cas hadn't been particularly chatty as an adult and he wasn't much chattier as a kid either; so it’s more than a little odd for him to be the one starting the conversation, let alone on such an unusual question.
Dean scowls, closing the box roughly and setting it aside. “Yes, I’m sure. I didn’t actually look at any of this before taking it to Crowley so I didn’t realize it until just now.”
Ever since Cas became human, the guy seems almost starved for company. He’d taken over keeping an eye on Kevin and Crowley, even gently shoehorning himself into helping with Sam. Exasperated and a little frayed, Dean let him.
Balthazar’s out on his smoke break when Dean comes in, which (unfortunately) means that Gabriel is the one aiding Castiel at the register.
Cas absolutely adores the guinea pigs, holding one carefully in his lap and petting it with a beatific smile on his face, like there’s nowhere else he’d rather be. Dean’s favorite turns out to be the baby goats – a little black and white one, in particular, takes quite a shine to Dean, jumping around him and gently butting him in the side. They chase each other around the pen for some time, Sam taking pictures all the while.
It’s a gentle statement, not a demand, but it’s still enough for Dean to feel the touch of the spell at his throat as he swallows.
A month and change had already passed them by without a solution in sight – by this point, it’s pretty unlikely that they’ll magically ‘poof’ themselves back to normal, but having one more person looking feels like marginal progress at least.
Kevin takes a sip of his beer and frowns. “About the fever? We’re lucky he didn’t catch pneumonia with how long he was out there, but he just needs a couple more days to-”
“It’s not about whether or not you can heal me, it's-” Sam sighs. He’s not sure what he’s trying to say here, honestly.
He opens his mouth, figuring he’d redirect the conversation to safer topics, then frowns, taking Cas in.
On occasion Dean happens to come by with a book in hand, though he usually ends up spending more time chatting with Castiel than he does reading his book, something which secretly pleases him.
After stowing everything into the car, it doesn’t take them long to get back on the road. They make a quick detour to the motel so that Sam can grab their stuff before they’re back on the highway.
Dean waves his hand in the direction of the fridge as he scrounges around for the paper towels he’d stowed away. “We’ve got plenty of leftovers. Go nuts.”
could go out and get wet but Dean and Cas couldn’t. Besides, they wouldn’t need a bath if they were playing in the rain. Sammy and Kevin didn’t think it was the great idea that it obviously was, but now that it’s not raining they
right, he doesn’t want to have this conversation, now or in the future. But he’s grown tired of the distance. Putting it off and waiting isn’t going to make this any less painful. “If not now, then when?”
“Wake me up when it’s Christmas at a more reasonable hour,” Dean mumbles, pulling up his blanket and turning to face away from her.
’ he thinks to himself. Cas’ teary, smiling face flashes through his mind. He curses himself for the umpteenth time.
“Why are we locking away the kitchen knives and the armory?” Cas asks sleepily, rubbing at his eyes as he wanders into the kitchen.
talk to Dean. He’s not rash, exactly, but Sam hasn’t forgotten the almost palpable chill in the room the day after he’d appeared in front of their car bleeding and badly injured, cold enough that even Cas couldn’t miss it. He’d disappeared later the same day, and neither of them had even known why until Cas was already elbow-deep in the angel trials. He’s not sure what Cas might do this time, but he isn’t eager to find out.
He’d already opened his mouth to interrupt Castiel, so the answer comes immediately. “When I’m not being
“You and Benny remained… ‘friends’ after Purgatory?” Cas asks, air quotes and all, expression uncertain and something edging on a little displeased. Cas’d never been a big fan of the guy, even till the end, so that’s not all that surprising. It still strikes a nerve in Dean.
When he straightens up again, it’s to find Cas watching him as he eats the bread pudding straight out of one of the containers he’d stowed it in. Instead of being embarrassed about being caught staring, since when has he ever in fact, he takes it as an opportunity to start up a conversation.
Noticing the look, Dean says, “Don’t pretend you ain’t got things you don’t wanna be forced to air out, even to Cas.”
It’s only once they arrive at Walmart that Sam realizes it'd be too risky leaving his de-aged brother and best friend in the car while he popped in to get what they needed. There’s no telling what they could get up to. He’d also
“Mmhm. Yup.” Dean darts a glance at Sam, like he’s trying to mind-read whatever line he’d spun for Cas. Sam shrugs in response; it’d been safer to leave it at that and let Dean fill it in as he saw fit.
“No,” Dean says, only briefly glancing up at him before focusing back on his work. Kevin’s about to protest that Dean can’t know whether he just gained a new superpower or not before he realizes that Dean can’t read his mind and only answered the question he actually asked.
Dean’s survived all these years only ever needing Sam in his life. Now, Cas is an irreplaceable part right alongside his brother. He can’t
He eyes Crowley for a long moment before conceding with obvious reluctance. “Dean’s been acting strange.”
“Yeah, roadside tchotchke given by a kid with a huge crush is a real treasure, ain’t it?” It takes him only a second to realize what he let slip, and he freezes.
“Good morning to you too,” Crowley replies easily, unphased. He’s similarly dressed-down in some old Men of Letters’ clothes Sam had scrounged up for him, sans the dead-guy robe, looking just as comfortable in it as he did in a three-piece suit. “A lack of caffeine in your system really does make a difference to your manners, doesn’t it?”
When there’s no response, Dean pounds the door again and pitches his voice louder. “C’mon kid, I know you’re in there.”
The others are already situated comfortably around the room in various stages of wakefulness; Sam and Charlie seated at a table across from each other and chatting while she fiddles around with her laptop for a few seconds, increasing the volume of the music filtering out of the laptop’s speakers.
“He’s in the kitchen,” Kevin says immediately. Cas swiftly side-steps around him and heads down the hall, reluctantly stopping when Kevin calls after him. “He seems like he’s in a mood. Probably doesn’t want any company right now, Cas.”
“If you’d rather not, I could ask Sam.” Castiel says carefully, looking away. Dean doesn't miss the little twitch of his lips, like he's holding back a smile, as if absolutely certain Dean would take the bait - which he would, of course.
Sam smirks. “Think I’ll leave it to Cas and Crowley. They can decide between them who gets to be club president of the ‘Dean Winchester Fanclub’.”
Since there’s no use pretending he’s busy when he’s not, he picks up the magazine he’d set aside and uses it to hide the curious glances he takes of the guy. Not that there’s much he can make out beyond the plaid lumberjack look and bad mood.
By the time they finally pull apart it’s because they’re smiling too much to keep going. Dean wonders what expression must be on Sam’s face now that the smug look was wiped away, and he’s tempted to look since it’s not often that he gets one over on Sam but the warm smile on Cas’ face is a much better view.
“Dean.” He sighs. He’s grateful that there’s hardly anyone in the shop at the moment to watch the embarrassing play that is his life.
“Ugh, fine,” Dean says, gripping onto the bag tighter. He heads down the hallway, calling out behind him as he goes. “You really need to stop with the puppy eyes, Sammy! You’re not five anymore!”
Dean waves his hand impatiently in Cas’ direction, not quite meeting his eyes. “You heard me. You’ve got your friggin permission, but don’t blame me if you don’t like what you end up hearing.”
“Yes, as an alternative to the poor man’s cereal option you gave me, who wouldn’t? I didn’t expect that to be the only thing available in the morning ever since. Some variety wouldn’t kill you.”
“You sure that's a good idea?” Sam asks dryly. “Or that Kevin’ll even agree to it? I don’t know if I’ve even seen him step out of his room at all since we brought Crowley back.”
be hers. It got me thinking; Veritas isn’t the only truth goddess around. We’ve got some items in the storeroom that match up with a similar kind of god or goddess from other pantheons. The mirror’s probably our best bet, but, assuming that the Men of Letters had cursed objects they didn’t know were cursed, there’s a chance it’s a feather or a signet ring.”
“Not well,” Cas replies irritably. “The headache is bad enough, but the underlying nausea is bothersome. How do you deal with it?”
be the end of the matter, his brain’s stuck on it. Telling it not to think about it only makes it think about it more.
“I admit, I’m still not sure what a ‘sugar daddy’ is,” Cas says, raising his fingers up for the air quotes again. Dean’s still got no clue where he picked up that habit. It makes him look like a dork, but it’s also kinda cute, in a stupid way. He’ll bite his tongue off before admitting to it though.
Castiel squints at him. Sam straightens up uncomfortably under the look. Something was going on here, leaving Castiel distinctly out of the loop.
Dean reaches out, tentatively squeezing at Cas’ arm. He relaxes a little when it isn’t shaken off. “You’re my best friend, Cas, and having you here and alive is something I’m not gonna be sorry for. So you might be a screw-up. But hey, guess what? We’re all screw-ups here.”
He rolls his eyes to himself as he says it because this is apparently their life now. The longer he has to actually keep saying shit like this, the more it feels like they’re in a twisted parody of a normal life, one with a dog and the chores related to it. Except here the dog’s a prissy, human-shaped bastard freeloading with them until they can find a way to unload themselves of the responsibility.
"You’re free to keep having slumber parties with the guy and braid each other’s hair and gush about your feelings, but I ain’t interested."
It’s starting to become a familiar sight now, even if Dean’s staring at the guy from halfway across the room in some kind of weird role reversal of the old days instead of sitting across from him.
“Wait, what?” Sam says, surprised. “Charlie you don’t have to come down here, I’ll just send you a scan of the files.”
Sam ignores it and starts rearranging the freezer to make space for the frozen food. Kevin continues unpacking the groceries, handing them to Sam to put away once he’s cleared off enough space. “Y’know, If you’re lucky, they won’t get tired of this as quickly as I expect them to.”
“That’s not Billie,” Cas interrupts, standing up abruptly and dropping into a defensive stance as his angel blade drops into his hand. “Dean get back.”
“So…” Dean drawls, grabbing Cas’ attention from where he’s squinting intently at the contents of a book, still somehow hopeful of eking out some heretofore unfound information that’ll change the game in their favor. Dean’s not all that optimistic but he can’t really begrudge the guy for it. “What’re you gonna do once this is over?”
Studiously ignoring the jackrabbit pace of his heart, he looks back up and meets Cas’ eyes, watching them widen as he leans in. He feels the press of Cas' eternally chapped lips and the shocked little exhale before he responds; it’s everything and nothing like Dean's imagined because it’s
Castiel snorts. "If only his personality were that easy to explain away." He packs up a slice of cherry pie and rings Dean up.
Sam snorts but makes a show of looking behind him. Cas and Dean were standing side by side on their tiptoes, marveling at the map table. Dean looks their way suddenly as if sensing the attention, shrinking closer to Cas when he catches Kevin’s bewildered expression.
“Don’t forget the butter,” Kevin reminds him as he starts up the stove. Sam brings the ingredients over, mostly intending to hover and watch him cook until Kevin has him set up a pan of his own to toast the bread for lack of an actual toaster to speed things up.
Dean resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Smartass witches. “What, so going through menopause made you think you had the right to pick on other folks?”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the saying ‘no man is an island’ and all the philosophical nonsense attached to it,” Crowley says nonchalantly, starting in on his lunch.
Cas, lightweight that he was, was going to be suffering his first human hangover once he woke up, but chances were fair it wasn’t going to be anytime soon. Dean never thought he’d have a reason to be grateful for Cas’ budding general hatred of mornings, but he finds one now.
“Yeah,” Dean says softly, before clearing his throat and speaking more normally. “Yeah, I’m more than amenable to it. And listen, no matter what happens, you’ll always be my best friend, Cas.”
Sam steps down into the kitchen, eyeing the brownies cooling on top of the stove, before sliding over to the ingredients corralled together on one corner of the island, to the dirty dishes and utensils in the sink.
“Your face. But the bag full of frozen food was a close second.” He nods at the bag Sam’s unloading. “I’m guessing that’s got more.”
“Oh man, that’s terrible,” Garth says sincerely, voice crackling over the phone. “Spells aren't really my strong suit, but tell ya what – I’ll put some feelers out, ask around and see if there’s someone who can help you. Call me if you think there’s anything I can help with.”
“So, uh,” Sam says, effectively ruining the nice mushy moment Dean was having – what? He has them sometimes – by reminding them of his presence. “you handled that surprisingly well.”
Trying to rein himself back in, he moves to stare at himself in the dinky little mirror in the hopes he’ll find some answers there. His reflection, unsurprisingly, looks about as bewildered and confused as he feels.
Dean’s about to call out to them when he hears the soft strains of Christmas music coming down the hall that leads to the kitchen. He follows it to the kitchen and finds Sam, Cas, Charlie, and Kevin seated around the dining table, decked out in their own Christmas sweaters, chatting and laughing as they dig into the fried chicken and mashed potatoes they’d braved the storm to get.
to come so close to touching them, but it’s something of an old habit now, and the closeness helps him focus while trying to pick out nuances in the magical signature of the objects, if they had any. He takes longer than he normally would, allowing himself a moment to muse over the possibility of whether Dean could get any stiffer if he had a curtain rod shoved up his arse.
Before he can decide on some snarky comeback to throw at his brother, Cas decides to answer for him.
a sight more interesting than drab walls of his room and his current reading material, rather regretting the selection he’d nabbed out of the library.
Cas doesn’t look back at the Empty even as he pulls back from Dean. He attempts a smile, like he’s trying to convince them both that he’s at peace with what’s about to happen. Dean’s incapable of pretending the same, jaw tight as he stares back at Cas, his own expression a rictus of grief.
Dean takes the brief moment of distraction to grab Cas’ angel blade from his lax grip and lob it right at the Empty’s chest with practiced accuracy.
“There’s some notes here,” Dean mutters, squinting to make sense of the chicken scratch handwriting.
A gust of wind immediately buffets them when they open the bunker door, splashing them in rainwater.
Dean straightens up, annoyance blending with defensiveness as he squares off against his brother. “Hold up, how is this only
All Sam really wants right now is to not get caught in the inevitable crossfire when things go down. It was awkward and uncomfortable enough the last few times it happened, and it doesn’t look like something that’s about to fizzle out once they finally talk.
Sam doesn’t go to Dean immediately after Cas leaves. He’s almost tempted not to go at all. Let Dean suffer for his own stupid decisions for once if Cas decides to talk to him.
Kevin rolls his eyes, nudging the plate closer to Cas who hesitantly reaches out to grab one for himself.
Dean leans back, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes with a thoughtful frown. “Not really? Cas’d been yammering about a bunch of things while we were sorting, same as when we’d first started. Dude’s like a damn encyclopedia.”
“I don’t understand how we’re related sometimes,” Dean says, shaking his head with an expression of exaggerated disappointment. “Heaven and Hell are closed for Earth-side business, you and Cas are more or less in one piece, and things’ve been quiet on the hunting side. Of all the things we could do during the mini-vacation we got dropped into our laps, you manage to rope us into spring cleaning a storeroom.”
Cas watches Sam as he eats his ice cream. Sam pretends he doesn’t notice, figuring Cas would say whatever’s on his mind when he’s ready.
“Look, just because I cured you doesn’t mean any of us suddenly trust you to behave out there or that we’ve become friends.”
Sam’s too busy falling over laughing to be of any help. Eventually, the alpaca gets bored with Kevin’s shouting and flailing and wanders away. Antsy to avoid a repeat the moment he stops paying attention, Kevin insists that they leave soon before something else decides his clothes are worth snacking on, so they gather the kids up and head out. Cas gives a morose look at the guinea pigs before following after Sam.
“Found a shirt fo’ you too!” Dean says proudly, as Sam holds up the shirt and sees a silhouette of a T-Rex with the words ‘Samosaurus’ printed next to it. Sam lets out a quiet snort.
Once everything has burned to cinders, he turns to the kids. They look exactly the same, but maybe it’s just slow to act. “Feel any different?”
“If you have no further need of me, Sam, I’d like to go back to my room. Since Dean does not wish to see me, I won’t trouble him with my presence.”
“You thought I was leaving for good.” Cas continues staring at him, long enough that it starts to make Dean uncomfortable. “Did you want me to?”
“-crushed pixie wings, mermaid scales… hair of a unicorn?” Kevin reads out, perplexed. “Sure, why not - angels exist, I get turned into a prophet of God by a bolt of lightning - why
“Nice sweater,” He tells Charlie as he takes a seat in the empty chair on Cas’ right. She preens at the compliment.
“More than the average person,” Crowley responds, leaning back as he sets his book down on his lap. “For the sake of knowledge, of course. Neither Hell nor its denizens had much need of it.”
Dean smirks. “Haven’t really had some ‘alone time’ in a while and I got this new online subscription for-”
With Sam and Cas still elbow deep in the archive shelves and a promise to finish up soon, it’s up to Dean to check on their newly retired, brooding prophet and see if he can’t get him out without needing to use a shovel.
Changed the Latin spell words as suggested by Angel_made_of_scars. I claim no actual knowledge of Latin (what with Google Translate being my initial language assistant) so let's hope the words I used for 'cursed change' didn't throw the sentence structure out of whack.
“Great. So we’re still at square one. Fan-friggin-tastic.” He slaps a hand over his face, dragging it down slowly. “Alright, y’know what, forget figuring out which one it is. It’s either one or the other, so let’s just do that negating spell or whatever you suggested on both.”
“Y‘sure you didn’t just want me to look like a giant bumblebee?” Dean teases, smiling at Cas. He gets a small, shy smile in return. “Thanks, Cas. It’s awesome.”
As promised, the mermaid scales arrive the next day and it doesn't take them long to mix up the potion for the reversal spell. Once the kids drank the potion, all Sam would have to do is read out the spell and hope for the best. Kevin hands Cas and Dean a cup each of the potion before moving back to stand beside Sam and Charlie.
Kevin’s not sure what he’d expected to find in the kitchen the following morning, but it certainly wasn’t this.
“Benny and his nest used to haunt the seas down south for their hunts before they Shanghai’d his ass to Purgatory.” He glances away then, feeling an unsurprising mix of guilt and regret as he thought of the last time they’d been on decent terms. “They ran a tight operation until we kiboshed it.”
“You want some help with that?” Sam says after a few seconds of watching Dean’s losing fight with the flour tin.
When Sam doesn’t respond to that, Kevin shuffles off in the direction of the kitchen. “I’m gonna go put these away.”
“Are we-” he breaks off, frowning down at his ice cream cup. He hastily eats a spoonful before trying again. “Were we friends… before?” Cas asks, not looking up from his slowly melting scoop of chocolate chip.
“Ah,” he says, watching with some satisfaction as the elder Winchester stiffens up at the note of realization in his voice. “
Sam eyes him solemnly, making him slightly uncomfortable. He firmly refuses to let it show however, friends they are not, after all.
“Yes," Cas admits, fidgeting with his apron. "I was able to acquire the recipe for Gabriel’s pie from him.”
P.S.: In case anyone's confused by the slight inconsistency here with whether or not Cas is human, he still has some grace (enough to heal minor injuries and recognize other angels, etc.) but can't fly or smite anyone. Cas pretty much considers himself human. Dean, on the other hand, sees him more as a crippled angel? (Not in a bad way, more like a worried way).
“Consider this me giving you an essential piece of hunter chic. Or biker chic, if that’s what you want, you could totally pull that off. You’ll look pretty hot and kickass either way,” Charlie tells him, winking at Dean. He scowls at her as his cheeks grow warm.
“I will defer to your knowledge on that.” Cas agrees, a small smile on his lips. “Does this mean you’re willing to teach me?”
“You think maybe the witch’s spellbook had something that could reverse this?” At Sam’s angry frown, he raises his hands. “I know, I know. It’s already burned. I was just tossing it out there.”
Sam’s nowhere near as much of a flirt as Dean, but the answer for a question like this comes easy to him without needing to be forced out. “A lot of how people flirt is usually just complimenting the other person.”
He doesn’t get much time to wonder about it before Cas and Dean trudge up to the bunker door, covered from head to toe in mud. Sam stares at them for a moment, then sighs and walks back into the bunker not bothering to check and see if the kids were following.
” Cas says, tightening his grip on the box, pulling it closer to himself. As if he’s trying to protect it from Dean.
She tsks. “I wouldn't do that if I were you. Who’s to say I can’t cast a spell on you faster than you can draw your gun and shoot me?” she asks, an amused glint in her eyes.
Even though Dean tries to go easy on him, Cas inevitably loses the second practice match as well, scowling at the pool table like it’s at fault somehow as he drains the dregs of his beer. Dean decides it’s only fair as a gracious winner to ease the sting a bit by buying him another drink.
After suffering through two weeks of wet coughs and runny noses, rubbing VapoRub on Dean’s chest, and making mom’s soup almost daily, it was probably safe to say that Dean had finally kicked his cold’s butt and sent it packing.
“Didn’t ask for one,” Dean says, mouth full and spraying crumbs across the table. Grinning at Sam’s resulting grimace, Dean asks, “What about you?”
Taking the cue, Cas responds in kind, taking charge of the kiss. It’s not as clumsy or fumbling as Dean was expecting the dozens of times he’s imagined it before, it’s
“There’s an old Egyptian legend about when a person dies; their soul would stand for judgment on what kind of afterlife they deserved. Anubis would be the judge, weighing their heart against the feather of Ma’at to test its purity. The person being judged would have to do something they called ‘negative confessions’ - basically ‘I have not done this,’ a couple dozen times over while their heart was being weighed. If the heart weighed the same as the feather, he’d grant them passage into Aaru, which was something like their version of Heaven.”
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose, frustrated. He’d need to get them some proper clothes. He’s not sure how he’s going to manage to find them something to wear
He hates what he’s about to do, but it’s for the best - for both of them. It’s the coward’s way out, but it’s better if he just denies it and allows Cas the opportunity to find someone better suited for him. Someone who deserves the love and undying loyalty the guy has to give, without being shit scared about being the focus of it.
“Stop brooding and start unpacking.” Kevin nudges him, reaching for another bag. He pulls out a few frozen food boxes before turning to look at Sam. “I take it you’re not a fan of takeout.”
He fidgets with his empty thermos as he watches Dean scoop up some dough while the coffee percolates, making little round balls and placing them on a baking tray he hadn’t noticed. “Is that- are you making cookies?”
Forcibly making himself relax, he answers a little stiffly. “To keep Kevin from practicing knife-fu on Crowley. And hello to you too, Sleeping Beauty. Glad you finally joined us.”
“Guys?” Sam asks, getting enough breath to ask before inhaling more of the smoke and coughing harder.
“I’m heading back to the storeroom. Let me know when dinner’s ready. If you’re serious about not wanting Cas getting suspicious, maybe try not to hide during dinner too.”
Kevin grunts agreeably, mouth full. God, he forgot how good real food could be. Swallowing it down, he eyes Dean. “So, any reason for all… this?” He waves his hand vaguely to encompass the entire kitchen. “Not that I’m complaining,” he adds hastily, as Dean glances up at him.
Sam rolls his eyes as he gets up from the table,  grabbing the wrappers and almost empty beer bottle one-handed. He claps a hand on Cas’ shoulder as he passes. “Don’t listen to him, Cas. You’ll do fine tomorrow.”
Sam realizes a few days later that he might have been optimistic a bit too soon when the weather starts to take a turn for the worse. Unfortunately for him, he discovers this as he’s heading out of a shop in town. He makes a break for the car, but by the time he reaches it, he’s already drenched.
Cas watches them work while Dean busies himself with enjoying his breakfast. He goes to take another sip of milk, then looks down at his empty glass with a frown. “Sam?” He says hesitantly.
Focus broken, Sam blinks in surprise, glancing over his shoulder at Cas. “You don’t look so great either. How’s the hangover treating you?”
“Apparently one of these guys accidentally touched it before; dude didn’t suffer any effects, but if he asked something you didn’t get a choice in how you answer, trying to lie would cause ‘clawing pain’. Yeesh.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel admits. He knows it’s too much to expect forgiveness for his actions when he himself doesn’t feel deserving of it. Remembering Dean’s anger back then, he decides the least he deserves is an explanation. Whether it will make him feel better after isn’t important.
The stuff that Sam is chanting is this (I hope): dismiss the cursed change, return them to what they once were
Dean appreciates the quiet, but there’s a question on his lips itching to be asked. It’s not important, not right now, but a masochistic part of him wants to know.
appreciate the change in fare.” He nods at his food in indication. “I am curious though as to what changed.”
“What do I look like to you, a dance teacher?” Dean asks, half-laughing. It’s not what he was expecting Cas to ask if he ever decided to take him up on his offer; he’d been thinking more along the lines of introducing him to good music and movies and shit. Unexpected turn of events aside, it kinda sounds like fun. Besides, how many people can claim to have taught an angel – former, but that’s just semantics – to dance?
From time to time Dean mentions a brother named Sammy, mostly to recall certain antics he’s gotten up to at college, but it’s clear in how he speaks about him that Dean is very fond of his brother.
He’s down to the last dishes when his phone alarm starts beeping. Wiping his hands off on the dishtowel, he quickly thumbs off the alarm and notices the message alert from Sam. The pop-up notification doesn’t show any text preview, just that it’s an image attachment.
Sam does a little quick calculation in his head. Lebanon was still about three hours away if you didn’t account for traffic. They’d be lucky if they reached the bunker before midnight.
“Alright.” Castiel says, still confused. There’s a bit of an awkward waiting silence for a few moments, but Dean decides to break it before it gets uncomfortable. He has enough awkward silences with his brother these days; he doesn't need that with his best friend too.
The kids end up spending most of the trip dozing in the backseat. It’s more peaceful than he expected it to be. That thought had eventually been tempered by the reality that this wasn’t likely to be a regular occurrence if they didn’t break the spell soon. Mixed bag as it is, he’ll take it while he has it.
“Man, it feels like forever since I got to feel the sun.” He rubs at his arms immediately after, glad of his usual layers warding off some of the late spring chill. “C’mon, let’s take a walk, just a little bit down the path and back.”
He sets the plates down in front of the kids before heading back to the counter. Dean reaches for one and digs in immediately. Mouth half-full, he says, “Fanks, Kefin.”
He turns back to Cas with a half-smile. “Thanks. Now if you could just do something about Dean’s mother-henning, things'll be perfect.”
“And who’d keep an eye on Crowley while we’re out celebrating? Unless you’re planning on inviting him to join us.”
He’s in a sour enough mood afterwards that he gives up on the rest of the day as a lost cause and heads back to his room.
Lost in thought on potential solutions for the current dilemma, his eyes wander and catch sight of the clothes on the neighbor’s clothesline.
“Thanks for the fashion advice, Tyra Banks,” Sam responds, rolling his eyes with a smile. “What’d you get, Cas?”
“No, no it’s not that.” Dean hurries to correct, moving closer to Cas as he does. At his doubtful look, Dean amends himself. “Ok,
“Y’know, I think I might be able to help you with that,” Garth says. “I have an ol’ buddy who runs a hunter’s shop, trades in stuff required in our trade if you know what I mean. I’ll call her up and see if she has any in stock. If she does, I’ll get it FedEx’d to you overnight.”
He closes his eyes and he's not sure whose tears are on his cheeks. "Can you just kiss me? Please?" He just needs one to remember, to torture himself with what-ifs late at night.
Dean rolls over and Cas is there, staring intently at him. Dean sighs because Cas must have snuck in again. Dean wonders why Cas’s mom doesn’t make him stop. “Cas, you gotta stop doing that. My mom might get mad if you keep sleeping over without her permission.”
Sam steps onto the patio, still gigantic and still in need of a damn haircut. Dean hugs him tightly. Ever since Sam married Jess, Dean hasn’t gotten to see him much, but they’ve both had busy lives recently. Dean’s auto repair shop has been swamped and Cathryn is a grumpy baby.
So he queues up the Bluebird music on his phone and plays it while he sways with the rocking of the train, hands and head unconsciously marking the choreography, mouthing the counts. He
The beep of the oven snaps Dean out of his memories. He quickly finishes shaping his burgers and wraps them in foil. He pops them in the fridge and starts to head to the bathroom to shower.
To this day, Dean still has no idea why she decided to pour out her story to two random guys in the grocery store, but he’s grateful she did. The short version is that she had gotten pregnant by accident. Her boyfriend broke up with her and her parents were disgusted. Dean and Cas had been discussing kids for a while, but Dean was still surprised when Cas blurted out, “We’ll adopt your baby!”
“Cas, I don’t want to be around you anymore. I’m too old for an imaginary friend. I don’t want the girl, I mean, Lisa, to find out about you. So now you can find someone else, be their imaginary friend instead.”
Thus follows the most awkward breakfast Dean has ever endured. (That includes the time Sam put orange juice in John’s coffee before Dean could stop him so Dean had just sat there, waiting for the fateful moment when John would taste it and start yelling.)
They sit on the bed and Dean locks his arms around Cas’s shoulders. He’s mostly trying to reassure himself that this is real, Cas is really in his arms, and this is not just a dream.
Holy shit, he really is an angel. Dean shakes off the thought. He was fine believing Cas was his imaginary friend. Cas as an angel is really not the weirdest thing in Dean’s crazy life.
He shouldn’t feel this way. He’s a dancer, for God’s sake. If all goes well, he’ll be on a stage in tights that leave
Cas freezes but he tries to answer. “You’re right. I am technically not bound to keep coming back. I could leave and, I suppose, not come back.” Cas is shaking and he can barely get the words out.
Dean feels big and angry but hollow at the same time, like all his bigness is just empty air. “Try harder.” And then all his bigness goes away, leaving him empty and crumpled like a tissue.
“Um, no one. I was probably just delirious.” Dean shifts in his seat. He’s glad that Sam’s at school so he doesn’t have to see this.
Dean is frantically trying to pass this off as another thing that Cas doesn’t understand, instead of whooping about the fact that he just had his first kiss and it was Cas. “Well, because, you can’t kiss someone on the lips until you’re married.” He thinks of the teenagers he’s seen kiss and adds, “Or unless you really, really like someone.”
The sky looks like a dark, velvety blanket with little sprinkles of stars. As Dean watches with wide eyes, a shooting star hurtles across the sky and disappears below the horizon.
“But darling, how will you know if you’ve never tried? The girls around here think that you’re secretly a sexless android.” Balthazar slides seamlessly into his middle splits, grinning up at him from the floor.
Dean punches his pillow and rolls over. Maybe he’ll be able to get four hours of sleep tonight. If not, there’s always coffee.
He starts the Impala and drives and drives and drives. He rolls his window down while he’s driving in a forest just to smell the pine trees and clean lakes. It makes him feel just a little bit better.
Dean wakes up in a hospital bed. Late afternoon sunlight streams through a window, illuminating apull-out cot and two chairs beside his bed. Cas is sitting in one of them.
They all sit down, enjoying the late afternoon sunlight. A fly lands on Dean’s burger and he brushes it away impatiently.
The bus pulls up to the curb and Dean stands up, anxious for something to do to ease this loss gnawing at his bones. He hands Sam his duffle bag, the same one Sam’s been living out of his entire life. It’s navy leather and Dean can’t help but hope that Sam will still keep it, even if he’s not hunting anymore.
Dean strips to his boxers and undershirt and climbs into bed, thanking all the gods of rock and roll that the sheets are clean. He lies there in the dark, just thinking. It’s been four years since Cas left.
Sam emerges from his TV marathon, grabs the food, and disappears again. Dean refuses to be hurt that Sam didn’t even say thank you.
The grim hope in Cas’s voice feels like acid. “Cas, what’s the point? Imma just die anyways. Be nice to die. Not have to worry anymore. Be outta everybody’s way.”
He can’t decide exactly what to feel. He and Benny ate lunch yesterday, and Benny asked him questions about himself and Dean lied the entire time. Dean should have just left. But then they watched a movie. Dean can’t remember the name, but Benny slid an arm around Dean’s shoulders and Dean let him. And when Benny kissed him, Dean let him do that, too. And then they had sex and Dean let that happen, too. The ache of his hips leaves no room for denial of that fact.
Ezra starts talking about how to register and the fees and commitment involved and Castiel struggles to listen carefully, excitement and terror buzzing under his skin.
Some he does not visit. Once and only once did he view a future where Dean Winchester did not exist. Mary Campbell and John Winchester lived separate lives, existing and dying without ever crossing paths. The Apocalypse never occurred or even threatened.
to find ways to entertain himself so he read Naomi’s dusty cookbooks or Zachariah’s law manuals even though he barely understood them.
They eat in silence broken only by the occasional “Please pass the syrup.” Dean helps with the dishes. It’s a habit ingrained in him by years of having to do any and all chores by himself.
Dean wakes up with his nose buried in Cas’s hair and his arms locked around him. The events of the night before come back to him. They watched reruns on TV until Dean fell asleep, still clinging to Cas.
“Well, it is. But you said you wanted a Christmas tree and we don’t have enough money to buy one. So, it’s your choice if we steal one or not.”
, so talented they’re reluctant to throw him out when he sneaks out late (again) or shows up late for class. Castiel is the one who is dancing on the ragged edge of talent. His good days just barely balance his bad ones, leaving him just barely above average.
Dean wakes up with Benny’s arm draped around his waist. He inhales and carefully shifts away. Benny doesn’t stir. Dean sits up and hugs his knees to his chest.
“I was there at school. And then we came back here and had a snack. And then Sam fell asleep at ten. But then you said that you wanted to go do something by yourself, so I left. And now you’re back. So I was just wondering what you did for”—Cas checks his watch—“four hours.” Cas’s tone is still casual and nonchalant, but there’s a deeper undercurrent that Dean can’t identify.
Dad gets right in Bobby’s face and Dean wants to put himself between them, make them stop, but he’s sure that Dad would just yell at him.
Dad stands up so quickly that his chair falls over with a bang that makes Dean jump, and Dean feels a sudden twinge of fear. But that’s silly, right? To be scared of your own father?
Dean pretends that they can, though, and leans into Cas’s side and breathes in his familiar scent of rain and wet flowers. It’s still Dean’s favorite scent and Dean hates the fact that he dreamed up the perfect person who smells exactly like Dean’s favorite smell and Cas doesn’t really exist.
Cas looks like the weight of the world is slowly crushing him. “I do not wish to make you unhappy. If my presence is unwelcome, I will leave you in peace immediately.”
The subway is fortunately warmer and he keeps his eyes on the ground as he dodges strangers. Standing on the grimy station platform, he pulls out his phone and cheap headphones. Hester has chided him again and again to pay more attention to his music and counts, and while it’s true SAB requires music theory classes for dancers, he’s always been shit at it.
Dean blanches. “Wait a minute. I don’t want you to become human just for me. I’m not worth that much.”
He turns around looking for Cas, excited to show offhis new baby brother. Cas is suddenly at his elbow. “Cas, this is Sammy! He’s my brother!”
Dean makes it to the front yard. Everything seems to pause as he stares at the flames leaping out windows. He cuddles Sam closer and buries his nose in the crook of his neck and whispers, “It’s OK.” He’s not sure why he says it, but Cas’s hand is on his shoulder and Sam is in his arms, and Dean feels like they’ll survive.
Dean is on edge, uncomfortable for a reason he can’t name but he thinks has something to do with the fact that Cas is a boy and not a girl. He laughs nervously and rubs a hand over his mouth. “No, I don’t think it does.”
Something in Dean twists at the idea of Cas leaving. “Absolutely not. Don’t you dare.” He wraps his arms around Cas even tighter. “Don’t leave me, please.”
They park and Dean unlocks the door. He notices Cas is still holding the pies. Cas carries them inside and sets them down on a table, and then sits on the corner of the bed. He looks stiff and uncomfortable and Dean feels about the same way.
Dean smiles. Even in the hunting life and poor as dirt, Sammy has a heart of gold. “OK, but I think that we can still celebrate Christmas.”
Dean throws back his covers, grabs Cas’s hand, and sprints out into the hallway. Daddy appears, holding Sammy, and now Dean can smell smoke. “Dean, take your brother outside as fast as you can and don’t look back! Go, Dean!” He pushes Sammy into Dean’s arms and Dean is more scared than he has ever been in his entire life.
Dean’s legs almost give out when Cas speaks for the first time. Cas just grips him tighter and pays one-handed. Cas hands over more money than necessary and Alfie looks confused until Cas explains they’re buying more things. Cas scoops up two pies, an apple and a cherry, and pushes open the door.
Cas’s face falls. “Oh, I just thought that you were supposed to kiss your Valentine. I didn’t have any candy to give you, so I thought I should kiss you instead. I’m sorry if that was wrong.” He stands up and Dean’s feet feel cold without his warmth.
He steps inside, falling snow dusting his head and shoulders, and looks around warily. Like he’s looking for someone. And something that’s been clenched tight around Dean’s ribs for years finally relaxes.
Dean thinks for a second. “I think I talked to her two days ago. She says she’s eight months in and everything is fine.”
His thoughts wander to the new combination he’s working on in class. It’s the Bluebird variation from Sleeping Beauty: famously difficult and seen as one of the few parts for a male dancer to truly flaunt his prowess and skills. He’s not a soloist, not even close, but he knows that Hester believes in him.
She searches his eyes, eyes slightly skeptical. “I’d like to see it. You have potential, Castiel. Don’t throw it away because you got distracted.”
So Dean turns around and folds Cas into his arms and just savors the feel of him. The rustle of the tan trench coat that Dean somehow hasn’t ever asked about, the silkiness of his messy black hair. Dean marvels that, after all these years, Cas still smells like the rain.
“And when the responsibility for his little brother fell on this boy’s shoulders, the angel tried to be there for the boy, so he would know someone cared for him.Even if it was as simple as remembering his birthday when everyone else forgot.”
No, no, no. Dean mentally shakes himself. Dean is straight. As in he likes girls. Only girls. No boys. Besides, Cas is imaginary. Cas is not real.
Dad turns to look at Dean, who has been silently watching the entire encounter. Sometimes Dean thinks that his dad forgets that he’s there. But his arms are getting tired. Sammy is only three and he’s a sasquatch already. But Sam doesn’t have shoes on and Dean can’t just put him down on the gravel driveway.
Cas’s mouth is suddenly on his and Dean melts into him. Cas licks at the seam of Dean’s lips and Dean lets him inside eagerly.
There is no air left in the world. Castiel knows that is technically untrue. However the way every breath catches in his lungs confirms his theory.
Dean curls up on one of the beds and turns on the TV. Suddenly, there’s a knock at the door and Dean tenses in alarm until he sees Cas waving at him through a window. Dean lets him in.
Dean jerks awake to what sounds like screaming. He lies in bed, frozen in terror. He rolls over and locks eyes with Cas, who is just as tense.
Dean nearly bangs his head against the wall. This is what they get for having sex instead of getting up early.
Mommy says goodnight too, but then Dean hears, “Hey, Dean.” He runs toward his daddy because Daddy has been gone all day at the garage and Dean can’t wait to tell him all about his day.
Now, Dean can’t get the wolf off of him. Its teeth are everywhere, snapping and tearing, and Dean thinks he can smell blood that’s probably his and the beast’s thick rank breath is right in his face and—
Cas looks him right in the eyes. “Dean Winchester, you are worth everything. There is nothing I would not give up for you. If my superiors decree that my punishment is to become human, then I will accept that.”
Sometimes it was bad enough that he cracked open the dictionary and challenged himself to memorize as many terms as he could. He gave up halfway through
And now Dean feels like finally, there is something good coming their way. He rolls down his window and Dad pulls out of the motel parking lot. They get on the freeway and Dean just enjoys the wind in his hair all the way to … Bobby’s?
But Sam can’t leave. Sam is only fourteen and he’s not old enough to run away by himself. And if Dean took Sam with him, Dad could have Dean arrested for kidnapping.
Dean finds a wall to lean on because he doesn’t think that his legs will support him. He stands there, mind blank and empty. And after a long time, Dean decides that he would like to die. He won’t kill himself because Sam needs him. But Dean doesn’t want to live in a world without Cas.
Dad carries Sam into their room and then comes back out without him. Dean moves toward the door, because Dad is just going away to wherever it is he goes to and Dean needs to watch out for Sam. Again.
Dean jumps up and reaches for Cas and then they’re kissing and Dean doesn’t even know who started it.But he really doesn’t care. Dean traces his fingertips through Cas’s messy hair and Cas cups his jaw with shaking hands. And Dean decides that Cas tastes like rain. They kiss until the tension drains from their bodies, until Cas’s hands are still and Dean’s brain stops insisting it’s all a joke.
Dean looks. They’re movie quality, with perfectly browned crusts and spicy apple filling. Dean is practically drooling.
He’s not ashamed, really. Most boys his age fought when they got called gay just because they were a dancer. They threw punches and denied vehemently and showed their bullies just what kind of muscles ballet gave a man.
Cas sways and his breathing becomes panicked. Dean wraps an arm around his waist and makes him sit down on the ground because there’s no chairs. Dean’s mouth suddenly has no filter as he babbles out damage control: “You know Cas, you don’t have to tell me. You can go. Seriously, it’s OK. You don’t need to always babysit me.”
Cas tilts his head and damn if that doesn’t make him look like the most adorable puppy. “I don’t understand. Did I surprise you?” He has just the shadow of stubble on his jaw and Dean has to swallow down something thick in his throat at the sight of it.
Inside, the hallways are bustling with students, easily recognizable by their outfits and accessories. The drama students wear monochrome outfits, slouchy beanies, and thick eyeliner. Music kids tote around huge instruments in bulky cases and Castiel feels a spike of superiority that his only instrument is his own body.
Castiel always returns to his own timeline. He will frequently visit Dean after these trips, just to reassure himself. He tries to memorize Dean: his freckles, the crinkles at the corners of his eyes. The spiky hair that Castiel is sure would feel like silk if he were ever to run his fingers through. Because this is his Dean and Castiel will always prefer this timeline. Even if Dean will never look at him the way he wants him to.
Dean sighs. He's so bad at feelings. "Look, I- I love you, OK? After all the shit we've been through, I just didn't wanna hide it anymore."
Benny turns and smiles when he sees Dean. “Hey. I got coffee brewing and the bacon and eggs are almost done. Grab a plate and we’ll dig in.” He turns back to the stove and starts whistling again. Dean recognizes the song as “Ramble On” by Led Zeppelin. His heart clenches—it’s his favorite Zeppelin song.
Sam and Jess are digging in and Jess has ketchup on her cheek. Sam wipes it away for her and they both smile at each other. The sunlight makes Cas glow and Dean can’t believe they’re really here. This is his family and Dean is home. He turns back to eating Cas’s kick-ass pie with a smile.
Cas sighs in defeat. “Fine.” He snaps his fingers and suddenly Dean is sitting in the driver’s seat with Cas in the passenger’s seat.
He shuffles over to the side as the next group prepares to run the combination. Standing there, he stretches his calves and does a few quick pliés to relieve the ache in his arches. Hester’s eyes feel like a burn against his skin and he keeps his head down, avoiding eye contact as he rolls out the kinks in his neck.
Cas keeps whispering soothing nonsense, but Dean just buries his face in Cas’s coat and cries himself to sleep.
Dean shuffles over and scoops up the still crying Sam. He rocks him until Sam stops crying. “I’m sorry, Sammy. Do you forgive me?”
The next episode is starting, so Dean checks to make sure that the volume is low enough to not wake up Sammy sleeping on the other bed. He climbs back on the bed with Cas and they watch cartoons together in silence until they fall asleep.
Dean’s tongue feels heavy with the sick anticipation of grief, but he struggles to form words. “Well, I don’t know how it works. How can you be here sometimes and sometimes you’re not?”
Dean winces. Cas is too polite to say it but Dean knows exactly what he’s talking about. Dean was going to kill himself. He’d had it all planned out. Pretty poetic to die on his birthday that, once again, no one had remembered. He was going to go buy his booze and pie, go back to his shitty motel room, eat and drink himself stupid, and then shoot himself in the head.
Cas just nods. And then his face goes completely serious. “Dean Winchester, will you do me the honor of being my Valentine?”
“Cassie, do you ever think about putting that flexibility to good use one of these days?” Balthazar asks as he lies on the ground, cheeks pink with exertion.
Cas just stands there. His face is blank and empty, like he’s far away. And Dean feels like there’s acid slowly trickling through his veins. If lying is a sin, then this is what will send Dean to hell. And so he waits, the bathroom absolutely still and silent, until he can’t bear it any longer. Dean can’t look at Cas’s face. He’s so expressionless, that it looks like he’s wearing a mask. “Cas?”
“I spent every single day wanting to die. I’d wake up in the morning and look at my gun and wonder if that was the day I’d finally have the courage. I’d see something funny and I’d turn to show you, but you were never there. You spent years letting me think I was crazy when you could have just told me the truth!”
But Dean’s mouth won’t work. His mother was killed. No accident. Someone wanted to hurt her. On purpose. Maybe their whole family could be dead right now because someone—no, a monster hated them all enough to try to murder them while they slept.
Sam sounds panicked and Dad is talking to Sam, but Dean can’t quite make out what they’re saying. Dean can still smell blood and his side feels like it’s on fire.
The sky is a thick navy blanket with tiny pinpricks of light. Dean’s eyes automatically find the Big Dipper, the only constellation he knows. He feels better just seeing it there.
Castiel grabs a pillow from his bed and whips at Balthazar who catches it effortlessly. “Anytime you want, Cassie! Anytime at all!”
to the imagination every single night for decades. Yet, here he is in a classroom, desperate to avoid notice and feeling like this body is only
In class, words were whispered just low enough that he’d doubt himself and turn around to see the culprits doing nothing but sharpening their pencils, faces innocent. He’d find his lunches destroyed and strewn on the ground or his pencils snapped in half with all the pieces carefully placed back into his pencil case.
Dean knows nightmares. He's lost enough in his godforsaken life to know what despair feels like. This is different, worse. He wanders dark corridors looking for something, anything. But then he catches a flash of that damn trenchcoat, and then he'll be running. Anything to see those blue ocean eyes. But he can never catch up.
Dean takes another step forward and Cas does too. And then they’re both stumbling forward until Dean’s arms are firmly around him and it’s like Dean can finally breath for the first time in five years. Some small corner of his mind notes that they’re the same height now.
Gabriel and Anna tried to defend him but his bullies were slippery: all bright boys who never got in trouble and acted so honestly confused when presented with Castiel’s ruined belongings that the administration just let them off with a helpless shrug in Castiel’s direction.
Dean flicks on the hot water and feels his muscles instantly relax. He honestly has no idea what he’s doing right now. He’s showering in the house of a guyhe met yesterday. Talk about moving too fast; this is more like a relationship on 5X the speed. They hadsex. Dean hasn’t had sex since that first time, when he was sixteen. Not because he’s a prude, but becauseDean couldn’t get Cas’s hurt expression when Dean told him about it out of his head. And now he’s gone and done the nasty with a stranger. Who’s a dude.
Alfie looks faintly concerned, glancing back and forth from Dean to Cas. This time he talks to at Cas. “Is heOK?”
He sighs and crunches another carrot stick. Emotions suck and he really ought to buy himself new socks that don’t scratch.
He gets up and makes it halfway across the room before Dean’s brain comes back online. Cas is going to leave him. Never again.
Dean can’t get the thought of Cas being his boyfriend out of his mind. Dean could finally get to taste those perpetually chapped pink lips. Breathe in his scent at night. Make Cas laugh about the stupidest things. They could even—
Ballet never cared who he wanted to kiss as long as he could lift a woman over his head and whip out triple pirouettes and he liked that just fine.
“John, that’s your job. You’re his father; it’s your damn responsibility to keep him safe.” Bobby’s voice is steadily getting louder.
Dad comes outside carrying their bags. He loadsthem into the trunk himself because Dean is not allowed to look in the trunk. Ever. Dean has thought about peeking, but Dad had looked so serious when he laid down the rules that Dean has never dared.
Cas cringes. “I apologize. I never meant to tell you. But … you insisted. I should—I mean, I should go. I’m just going to go …”
Cas sucks in a tiny breath and then he’s kissing Dean with such intensity that it takes Dean’s breath away. He licks at the seam of Dean’s lips and Dean lets him in eagerly. Dean has just one thought in his head as Cas drags his teeth across Dean’s lip. He is the home I’ve been searching for.
Dean looks at his little brother, just full of brains and potential. “OK. You can do it. You can get a job that makes a lot of money, like a doctor or a lawyer.”
Later, Dean lies in his bed, listening to Sam’s quiet breathing. Sam hadn’t been satisfied until the whole room was full of paper chains and snowflakes made out of paper towels. Dean would deny it to his dying day, but he actually likes the decorations. They kinda remind him of Christmas time with Mom.
Dean starts the engine and pulls out of his parking spot. He starts the trip back to his crappy motel room. Cas is silent and still. And he looks almost afraid.
He can’t lose his spot at School of American Ballet. They turn out more professional dancers than any other school and he worked his ass off since he was six years old so he could audition in eighth grade. His mother hadn’t cried as they boxed up his clothes and school supplies to make the drive to New York. She had just nodded at him in the mirror as his father drove and said, “Don’t throw away your potential, Castiel. We expect you to make this worth our while.”
Dean throws back his covers and stands up, wincing as his feet hit the icy floor. He takes Cas’s hand and waits until Cas will finally meet his eyes.
Dean cannot believe this conversation. He has an imaginary friend and Sam thinks he’s gay and is threatening to beat up anyone who breaks Dean’s heart.
Dean is speechless. Cas loves him. Like really, honest-to-God loves him. He’s willing to become human just for Dean.
Dean turns his back too, because he doesn’t know what his face looks like right now and Cas can’t see that Dean is just inches from rock bottom. So there they stand, each facing away from the other and with a gap of about three feet between them. No chance of us touching, Dean muses bitterly.
Cas looks at Dean, rigid and still clinging to him. Dean knows he’s being childish, but he can’t seem to let go.
Dean checks his watch. “You know, Dad, it’s almost time to pick up Sam. I should go.” It’s only one o’clock, but Dean’s grasping at straws here.
Balthazar’s words drift through his mind and he firmly pushes them away. Every dancer thinks like that. He’s the not only one who‘s desperate to prove himself. But he
There are, but by the time he turns back around with a few in hand, three-year-old Sam has toddled over and knocked down all of Dean’s tower. Dean nearly screams. He’d been working on that for ages. Dean shoves Sam away and Sammy falls down, just as Dad walks into the room.
Dean is suddenly furious as well. “Well damn, Cas, you want the truth? Not a goddamned bite all day!”
“They were wrong. You wanna know where I go all the time? I kill monsters. I’m a hunter.” Dad looks angry, like he’s trying so hard to force this information into Dean but it’s too big, Dean is too small to hold this secret. “Dammit, Dean! Say something!”
But people still died. Quietly. Like a mother and her son, threatened by the ghost of a child drowned in the local lake. Sam and Dean had saved their lives. But in this future, they died and the spirit only rested when the entire family fell victim.
Dad just sighs. “I’m going out for a minute. Take care of Sammy if he wakes up.” He leaves and Dean is left alone in an unfamiliar motel room.
Dean winces every time he puts on a shirt. Sam doesn't know about the burns on Dean's chest, wings, branded on him forever. He takes a savage pleasure in them.  After all he's done to screw Cas over, it's only fair that Cas got his own in the end. Cas spent far too long worshipping at the sacrificial altar of Dean Winchester. No wonder he became another victim.
Cas is suddenly right in his face, blue eyes startling in the dim light. “Dean, breathe.” And Dean suddenly realizes he hasn’t really been breathing since he saw Cas. He inhales sharply and feels his head start to clear.
And then Cas sings “Happy Birthday,” and they watch Sam’s TV show, all three of them together. Sam can’t see Cas but that’s OK for right now. Dean is still starving and his hand stings, but he looks at his brother and his best friend together and safe, and he feels OK.
