“Perhaps if we’re completely still and silent,” John suggests, his face buried into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. “...the rest of the world will vanish, and we can stay here forever.”
Sherlock grins before turning to go. “Besides,” he says over his shoulder. “There’s no need to worry. I’ve got Molly to help me.”
It’s Sherlock—it always is, he supposes—memories of Sherlock flashing before him with perfect clarity. Every moment they’ve shared since the first, when Sherlock seemed to know more about John’s life than John did. There are memories of the small things, too (which don’t seem so small right now). The way Sherlock’s coat rustles in the breeze while his long legs carry him down the alleyway. The way his brow furrows whenever he’s confused or displeased. The crows feet around his eyes, and how they deepen when John causes him to laugh until he can hardly breathe.
“Guess the whole secret identity thing takes it all out of him,” Mary jokes. “But...he had a good reason for telling me. I wanted to see you again to apologise, but he asked me to stay away from you. It took a bit of convincing. When I could see how he felt about you, though, it all made sense.”
William breaks away so quickly that he nearly stumbles over. John hops down, gripping the bathroom counter, breathing so heavily that he's certain he can be heard by everyone in the bar.
Sherlock can sense desperation in the way John moves his hips; in the way he slides his tongue over Sherlock’s lips until he allows them to part. And Sherlock tries to put every word into the kiss that he wants to say, but he can’t. As incredible as it feels to be kissing John, he’s got to say the words out loud.
Sherlock dips his head to take John’s mouth into his, kissing with a passion and emotion that John has never felt. Not in real life, and not in any dream. Sherlock makes love to him with his whole body. And although John knows that they’re in their bed, in this dream—inside their humble abode—he swears he's ascended far above that.
John beams. “Perfect!” He pulls his shirt over his head and quickly begins to unbutton his trousers.
He makes it to the corner in front of the elevator, but as he turns, he bumps straight into someone. Hard.
"I think it will," John responds thoughtfully. "But I should probably practice as well, just to be sure."
John tucks his hand beneath Sherlock's chin and tilts it towards him, looking him directly in the eye. "We don't have much time. You must listen very carefully and do exactly as I say." He kisses him once more, and Sherlock can't fight—he knows that he will do whatever John asks of him.
William silently walks to the piano at the corner of the room. He sits down at the bench and begins to play. John watches the melancholy music pour from his graceful hands into the instrument, and back out again, echoing through the tiny room. Even before the first stanza is over, John is nearly moved to tears. William is nothing short of a marvel as he caresses the ivory keys, his body swaying to the music, errant curls falling over his half-closed eyelids.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," Molly apologises. "But Mrs. Hudson and I have been hoping the two of you would come to your senses for years. I was just so happy to hear about your night together. I couldn't
“You look nice.” John gestures towards Sherlock’s crisp black dress shirt and bespoke trousers. “Have you got plans?”
John doesn't stop laughing as he reaches over to pick it up. "Haven’t I shown you how to change her text alert?"
WELLLLL this story was supposed to be two chapters total... but unlike John, I seem to have too MANY words. Besides, I wanted to post on their anniversary. So here...have an extra update!
As she finishes her last word, she cries out with a breathless euphoria, followed by rhythmic gasps of pleasure, wet skin slapping against wet skin.
John grins as he spins himself to the foot of the bed. He takes one crutch and then the other, steadily balancing himself to stand. Leaning heavily onto his crutches, he shuffles towards Sherlock inelegantly, one foot at a time.
He steps closer towards Sherlock. “First things first, though!” He returns to his pleasant Irish lilt. “Here’s what I was envisioning: you watch as I torture that...angry little pet of yours. John, was it?” Another step closer. “Seems the two of you get on quite well. Should I be jealous?”
Sherlock regards her for a moment. “It’s not beyond the realm of possibility, however, that they’re jointly concussed.”
He isn't quite sure how long this goes on; John's arms around his shoulders bring him back to Earth. He wordlessly readjusts himself, gets to his own knees and wraps them around Sherlock's hips so that he's straddling him. He aligns himself with Sherlock's cock and lowers his body carefully, taking Sherlock in until he’s fully seated.
William dabs the shirt delicately at John's abdomen. “I suppose I could go and get a proper towel from behind the bar.” He begins to unfasten his trousers, slipping one hand beneath his underwear to graze the tip of his cock. “...But it seems rather far away at the moment.”
He definitely wasn’t expecting William to meet him at the entrance. He wasn’t expecting to be dragged indoors by the drenched lapels of his coat; or for William to kiss him as though he’s been longing to kiss him for a hundred years. He wasn’t expecting him to taste of vodka and tears and cigarettes, and he wasn’t expecting the soft, sweet whimpers of affection.
“Did you do any more than kissing?” She tilts her head slightly. “Is he, you know...?” She lowers her eyes below her waist.
John is able to remain awake for most of the morning. Mrs. Hudson stops in at around 9; Sherlock has already given her the details of their arrangement, which she goes on about merrily. When Sherlock asks her to calm down, she simply tells him that if they can pretend, so can she. Sherlock grudgingly agrees—as long as she stops taking surreptitious cell phone photos of the two of them holding hands.
“You have mentioned that.” John’s face is burning. “But I’m afraid I don’t know exactly what it means.”
And that's when all of the pieces fall together—so sharp and immediate that Sherlock wonders, to this day, if Brook set himself up on purpose.
“Hmm.” Moriarty teases at Sherlock’s trouser button. “You think you’re the only one with a team of people keeping you alive? That’s precious. But can you really trust any of them, Sherlock? I convinced Miss Morstan to come to my side first. Who’s gonna be next?” He leans down and whispers into Sherlock’s ear. “What if it’s John?”
“Don’t be sorry.” Sherlock laughs as well. "It’s a good addition to the repertoire. You can do it again, if you feel inclined."
”Thank you, love,” she says. “You’re the best friend a girl could ever ask for.” She lets go of him, and he squeezes her shoulder.
John abruptly tightens his hold on him. “That’s your interpretation? Because right now, it seems I’m the one holding the pistol to your head.” He cocks the gun, if only to demonstrate a point.
John buries his face into Sherlock’s shoulder and breathes him in, hoping he never forgets the scent. "Yes, Sherlock. What is it?"
John breaks into an uproarious fit of laughter. "Kill you? I'm sorry, why—" He sucks in a breath, barely able to speak. "Just...Why?" He wheezes. "Why on earth would you think that?"
John can't wait to watch Gabriela kneel down and take Sarah apart with her mouth. He licks his lips in anticipation.
“It may seem somewhat foolish...and I realise that even as I’m saying it. But there is something extraordinary about the time we spend together here at the restaurant."
John feels a gigantic wave of relief surging through his body, and he hopes the resulting smile on his face isn’t as obvious as it feels.
That night, when Sherlock sleeps, he dreams that he's being chased by a goose with raptor-like claws and the head of David Attenborough. He's experienced stranger things.
“Oh.” John inhales. “Right, okay. So...you’ve been hiding this all along? And that explains why you lied about being a current student at MIT?”
Acknowledging him with a twist of his upper lip, William places an orange peel on the rim of the drink and slides it over the bar. “Well, John. Most bartenders aren’t me.”
They pour drinks across the table for each other—just one of the many signs of endearment that continue to occur this evening.
“Good.” Sherlock holds out both hands, palms facing up. John gingerly places his own atop Sherlock’s; they’re soft and stained with dye from the dandelions.
John slips his hands beneath Sherlock’s coat, pulling it off over his shoulders. This is convenient, because the room is very hot, and John is very hot, and Sherlock needs John's skin closer to his. Sherlock removes his scarf as well, tossing it next to the Belstaff as they make their way to a medium sized table containing a few stage props.
Sherlock peeks over his phone. John stands before him, holding an empty wine glass and a bottle of pauillac.
When he opens them, he’s in a garden behind a large stucco house. Sherlock—adult Sherlock—is kneeling next to him, and they’re both staring up into the eyes of a killer. The killer looks back with a clownlike grin, his pistol still buried into his own chest.
John goes speechless and breathless and still, savoring every word and every inch of him. He lets his head fall back onto the pillow, basking in the scent of sweat and sex and Sherlock, surrounded by love on all sides.
William visibly blushes, unable to contain the smile blossoming over his face. He wraps his arms around John’s waist and rests his head against his stomach.
I had a friend once who was afraid of geese. I felt bad for her, but her reaction to geese was surreal at the time, like "does she know they are geese and not grizzly bears?" Anyway. Don't google "serrated goose tongues".
“Meanwhile, he’s got other forms of protection where he’s staying,” Molly reassures him. “And we’re doing what we can from here. You know. Technology stuff, spying on people, getting answers, blah blah blah.”
Their names are Elena Sharpe and Christina Everson, and they fit every part of the killer's profile.
William pushes a second finger in, continuing the same rhythm, frotting against him, his cock leaving wet trails on his back as his fingers spread him open.
They go to leave, giving Mrs. Hudson a hug and thanking her for a genuinely fantastic evening. Sherlock nods in Anderson’s direction and reassures him that he still hates him.
God, how lovely he is. And how desperately Sherlock wants to kiss him, to hold him, to marvel over what they have just done. But he can wait.
The final bit he remembers from the Cosmonaut magazine: “...love is friendship set fire.” Fire? Is that, perhaps, what he felt in his gut when John touched him? A figurative flame, and not simply mild indigestion?
John smiles at him fondly, bringing his hand to the side of his face, tracing his finger over his jawline. Sherlock loves when John looks at him like that. And he loves when John leans in to kiss him softly. And he loves John, too, more than he ever thought he could love anyone.
“I was wondering how you might feel about us acquiring more costumes,” he asks suggestively. “You know. For purposes...not related to Halloween.”
“Hold on. Hold on. Give me a moment.” John needs to process what’s happening. “So you’re some sort of secret...agents?”
Sherlock is too fast for him; he wraps his long fingers around John's wrist, gently tugging his arm back. "What's your answer, then?" His eyes glimmer with amusement as he widens them inquisitively.
John slips out of bed carefully so he doesn’t wake Gabriela. He tiptoes out of the room, still wearing his pajamas. The door quietly clicks shut behind him, and he walks through the eerie, barely-lit hallway to the second floor. The walls are a dark shade of green; the coarse, aged carpet a darker shade still.
Occasionally, just after sleeping and just shy of being awake, Sherlock finds himself caught in limbo between the two realms. Without purpose or explanation, lost remnants of his dreams spill over into the waking world: a flock of mystical seagulls, gathering in flight across the ceiling, or the pittering of Irish setter paws over the wooden floor. A record player, perhaps, spinning a folk song his mother used to sing to him, or a shadowy silhouette waiting at the foot of his bed.
Moriarty's eyes grow wild with resentment. "You speak of Brook as though he is not standing right before you."
John chokes again and attempts to mumble a thank you. Sherlock sends Angelo off to get a glass of water. As he goes to retrieve it, Sherlock bursts into a fit of laughter.
John nods. He knows about some of these emerging types of therapy, but he also knows how costly they are. And he knows the way the American healthcare system works—and why Sarah took a second job waiting tables.
"Definitely not those idiots!" Sherlock emphatically acknowledges. "But…" his eyes fall to John's hand. "In the meantime, we ought to continue holding hands. Just to avoid confusion."
“Me, too,” John murmurs, knowing he’s actually the luckier one. He pulls Sherlock even closer, somehow, and he falls asleep floating on top of cloud nine.
No,” Sherlock protests. “Not now. Please. We’re so close, and I won’t be able to sleep until we’ve got the results.”
The details of the case aren't particularly memorable; what's important is how rapidly it’s solved. In record time, of course, due to Sherlock's genius, and also due John's solemn promise to continue kissing him once it’s over.
Just as abruptly, Sherlock lets go of him, nodding with acknowledgement. “Just…Erm…call me if you need anything.”
"It may be good—for both of you—if you let him know why you’re being so careful." She squeezes his hand. "But I know it must be difficult to talk about those things, so whatever you decide, I'll support you."
He may be a genius, but adapting to novel situations isn’t exactly Sherlock’s strong suit. That’s where John usually comes in. He scans the area rapidly for a place to take cover. Spotting an awning tucked back into another alleyway, he turns to Sherlock and holds out his hand. “Follow me!” he says.
They are mysteries for which Sherlock craves a solution. And thankfully, one evening the third week in hospital, the mystery of John's skin (along with other said mysteries) is solved.
last night, didn’t you?" Molly Hooper accuses—quite inaccurately, of course—the moment he walks into the morgue at Bart’s.
The weeks and nights go by without any more kisses or love confessions, but their nights are far from lonely. Because whatever their days may bring, they know they will find their way back here. Two men, with their scattered thoughts and laughs and words, curled up beneath scattered blankets. Be it with bright eyes and dewy skin, and the scent of mouthwash and tea and aftershave—or be it heavy with exhaustion, hair tousled and skin matted in dust.
"Come here." John takes him by the shoulders. "Let me help you." And without hesitation, he draws Sherlock's body into his own.
Alarmingly, John moves even closer to the edge of his seat. He regards Sherlock thoughtfully, lips pressed together, crow’s feet creased slightly more than usual. “You always look nice. Perhaps it’s the light of the sunset reflecting off your curls, or the way the buttons of your shirt seem to—”
And now, John's doing that thing where he laughs with his entire body, and Sherlock sort of regrets that he's not sitting close enough to feel it this time. "Oh my god. Sherlock, I'm not trying to kill you. I promise. Far from it, in fact. Though I do agree that I may have gone a bit mad."
William quietly rolls his eyes, but prepares the ingredients without argument. John watches; he finds William endlessly fascinating. Whatever he does, he does with a meticulous concentration—a juxtaposition of the aloof, often socially unaware version of himself he typically presents.
John makes his way out, vowing never to return to The Strand again. Which is truly a shame. Because Christ, William does make an excellent Old Fashioned.
“Meet me in front of the El Cortez at seven o’clock sharp. I’ll have a car waiting for us. It shouldn’t take much longer than an hour to get there.”
John lifts his gaze towards the wall, taking in his surroundings. It occurs to him that this is the closest he's ever been to knowing who William truly is—his hobbies, and his passions, and the place where he dreams at night.
They talk. Just talk. Not about serious things, of course. They don't talk about things like their feelings, or fake marriage, or why John's suddenly got a beard now. They play silly games. They share things about themselves. They reminisce about things from long ago. Sherlock greatly enjoys it—especially the part where there is no kissing. Because they are Sherlock and John: two friends who are not married. Two roommates, just sharing laughs and memories. Laughs and memories only. Laughs and memories, and a bed. Yes, a bed. For medical reasons. Medicine. Science. They're sharing a bed for science.
John has watched Sherlock stroll into his hospital room each day since the very first. Every day, he’s more beautiful than the last. Every day, John tells him; and every time, Sherlock's cheeks become a gorgeous shade of pink.
But he does know this: William’s eyes are hundreds of different shades of green and blue and gold, and John has memorized them all.
“What, John?” Sherlock cups John's chin with his long, trembling fingers. Carefully, he tilts it upwards, and he leans down until their foreheads are pressed together. Their eyes fall closed, and they breathe one another in.
Without any warning, he lunges his lower body backwards, knocking John away. Before John can react, Moriarty whirls around, wrapping the fingers of one hand tightly around John’s wrist, and the other around the gun. He jerks the weapon from John’s grip and turns it towards himself, pressing it into his own ribs.
Moriarty chuckles beneath his breath. “Oh. Haven't you figured it out, darling? Why those women had to die? Why I murdered them in cold blood?”
Sherlock stands and moves swiftly to John's side, placing his hand gently onto his cheek. “Your face is warm. You must rest immediately.” He offers his other hand to John. “Come, Watson. I will put you to bed.”
many other ways to spend the next few minutes that don’t involve your brother.” He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder.
Mycroft cuts him off. “Sherlock, I believe it would do you both well to remain silent for the entirety of this ride.”
The scent stings John’s throat before he tastes it, but he takes William by the wrist, wrapping his lips around his fingers and savoring the drink’s heat.
Sherlock pauses for a moment, carefully forming words. "I belonged to you before I knew I belonged to you. We belonged to one another, and I suppose our actions have always spoken louder than our words. They've always said—quite loudly, by all accounts—that we're in love. That's quite lovely, don't you think?"
A mysterious hooded person dressed as the Grim Reaper stands alone, shrouded by shadows—scythe in one hand, bottle of Pilsner in the other. They speak to nobody; simply standing there, observing the room in silence. Sherlock can’t make out any features, but feels an evil, albeit familiar, energy radiating from them.
“Yes.” He sets his head back onto John’s chest. “And I will even continue admiring your cooking and your choice of jumpers, and text you back within a reasonable period of time.”
," Sherlock emphasises. "...And you can choose one object to save from the fire. What do you choose?"
Sherlock's expression grows different nearly instantly. Eyes gleaming with awareness and intention, he takes John earnestly by the shoulders. He steers him into the bedside wall, and in less than a breath's time, his lips are pouring kisses all over him.
"I was hoping you would think so." John kisses his shoulder again. And again. He nudges his cold nose over Sherlock's neck and kisses him there, just above the collar of his shirt. He kisses the side of his neck a few times, and then again just below his jaw.
John doesn't need to be told again. With a tenderness that's nearly overwhelming—and a passion all the same—he surges forwards, cradling Sherlock's head in his hands as he brings their mouths together.
When he looks back at Molly, tears are streaming down her face, and a high-pitched noise escapes her—one that somewhat resembles his name. She wraps her arms around his neck and proceeds to kiss him on the cheek about a dozen times.
Sherlock sits in a soft patch of green grass, legs crossed, hands in his lap. His skin is sun-kissed, and he wears a thin white cotton shirt and loose khakis. The morning sun casts light over him, causing his profile to glow like an ember. Its rays reflect on the crown of his soft head like a halo, turning the black curls into a radiant plum-colour.
“Let go of me. Walk directly through the back door into my house. Fasten the deadbolt. You’ll find three doors—deadbolt each one. Go down into the cellar. Wait there until the police arrive. Do not open the doors for
and it was just, ‘Oh, god, oh god! John is kissing me!' And it was all so...momentous, and… and meaningful… and the possibilities of consequences of every kind began to overwhelm me, and my fight or flight response kicked in, because sometimes that happens. Why? Dear god, I wish I knew!”
"I'm in love with you, John." William’s voice trembles. "I’m so sorry. I never intended for it to happen.”
Sherlock feels John biting off a laugh; he slides his tongue over his bottom lip before steadily explaining himself. “We can do that as well, if you’d like...but I was referring to sexy costumes. Fantasy type things, roleplay, you know...just something to add even more fun.”
Sherlock is happy, and he's warm. He decides it's the alcohol flowing through his veins, although he knows John is to blame.
Sherlock’s standing right there, at the bottom of the front steps, soaked from head to toe and gazing up at John with amusement.
And yet, two minutes later, they’re all gathered in a circle on the floor holding hands. Donovan says that she’s excited because this reminds her of Halloweens with her grandmother. Anderson says he’s excited because this reminds him of a pornographic film he once watched. Most of the others are fairly certain they’ve seen the same film.
“Fuck’s sake,” John grumbles. “Have you come up with yet another plan to ruin the evening? What the hell do you want from me?”
the nurses?" Sherlock wonders aloud as he aggressively flips through television stations. “Helpful lot they are. Popping in and out at the most inconvenient times, yet when they’re actually needed, disappearing altogether."
“Did he ever truly see you, Sherlock? Did he ever understand who you are and what you have been struggling with?”
Despite John’s further questions, Sherlock will say no more on the matter. Indeed, it seems he’ll say no more on any matter. He's completely silent and uncommunicative on the rest of the ride back to Baker Street. John offers a hand to help him get out of the cab, but he ignores it. Mrs. Hudson comes out to fuss and see if she can assist him with anything, bless her sweet soul, but Sherlock ignores her as well.
There’s something strangely freeing about that notion, even if it doesn’t quite manage to block out the pain in John’s chest. He knows it’s about to burst open. It’s lurking beneath the surface, waiting for the right moment to rear up and engulf him completely. He can feel it coming. As soon as Sherlock falls asleep and he’s left to his own thoughts, he knows it’ll be there, more devastating than he’s currently equipped to realise. And he’ll want to call Mary. He’ll want to call her and say something, anything, to make good the damage that’s been done to their relationship.
When he hangs up John wants to talk. But he doesn’t have any words and the thought of retroactively trying to justify to either himself or Sherlock what they’ve done – what they’re still doing, most likely – almost makes him sick. He doesn’t have any idea what’s going on in Sherlock’s head either.
Perhaps it’s for the best. John has his own life now with his own wife in their own home. Sherlock should let him get on with the life John has chosen for himself and try to get on with the life it feels as though John has chosen for him. An unfair assessment perhaps, but that’s what it feels like. Sherlock has been abandoned. He had seen it coming for months and months, indeed he might actually have seen it coming from the moment he stepped into that restaurant all those months ago and noticed that John wasn’t sitting alone at the table. Now John is gone. It’s no more than Sherlock expected him to do, it’s no more than Sherlock encouraged him to do, it’s no more than Sherlock wanted him to do. And still it hurts just as horrendously as Sherlock had anticipated.
There’s a deep exhale above him, slightly unsteady in the middle, a clear indicator of intense emotion. Could be anxiety. Could be relief. If only he could focus, if only he could see…
“I know.” Mary’s voice suddenly sounds flat. “He will need you today. And then he’ll need you tomorrow. And in a week. A month. A year.”
“The waltz. Turned out to be suitable for dancing after all. I was slightly worried it was going to prove too fast for your two left feet.”
But it’s always been a double-edged sword, a push-pull of alternating fear and attraction. Moriarty repels him and yet draws him in. Like a tide washing over him one moment and pulling him out on deep water the next.
Sherlock is taken straight from the ambulance into the A&E upon arrival. Which means that John has to let him go. That moment is definitely the hardest. Afterwards he just sinks down on a chair in the hallway outside the emergency room, staring straight ahead unseeingly. Like a puppet with its strings cut. Mrs. Hudson sits beside him, but neither of them speaks. At some point, she puts her hand on top of John’s and gives his hand a squeeze, but he barely notices and he can’t find the energy to respond. He knows she won’t blame him. Mrs. Hudson is far smarter than most people give her credit for, and she understands exactly what John needs – silence and a bit of comfort – without being told. It can’t be easy for her either. Sherlock is very much like a surrogate son to her, which is to say that she has just witnessed her surrogate son being dragged into the back of an ambulance, pale like a corpse and with a heartrate of 130.
been holding back. His head is filled with a thousand thoughts dying to be uttered. There’s plenty on his mind to fill out the silence. In fact there’s plenty to fill it out for what feels like the next three hundred years. The thing is, he can’t share any of it. Not with her. Here he is, sitting with his wife, his… his Mary. And yet he can say less to her than he could to a complete stranger.
John feels the need to swallow again. What Sherlock is suggesting… it shouldn’t be possible. Replicating the laws of physics when running a simulation as a mental experiment within his own head, his arse. It sounds absolutely preposterous.
Sherlock resigns himself to the inevitable conclusion that he arrives at every second day on average – that Rosie, regrettably, is still a bit too young for his scientific explanations – and nods at her good-naturedly. “Yes, it’s white.”
. And yet he still managed to convince himself that Sherlock was being genuine in his reassurances, that everything was going to be alright whether John was there or not.
John’s jaw is set tightly. He’s gritting his teeth so hard it hurts. He wants to be mad. About the overdose and the risk and the sheer stupidity of it all. But he can’t. Not now. Not listening to this. All this time he’d thought that Sherlock had just been… out. They’d known his brain was buzzing with activity, of course, but this… this is beyond even his worst nightmares. Just picturing Sherlock in that situation is unbearable. A living nightmare that you can't escape and you can't understand. John has had far too many nightmares like that to not feel his heart break at the mere idea of Sherlock being perpetually stuck in such a place.
But now that he’s here, that’s not how he feels. The thoughts in his head are not ready to let go of him and he’s not ready to let go of them. Perhaps that’s what you get for postponing important conversations until it’s too late. Regret. Two long years of it.
Sherlock’s brain helpfully conjures up at least a thousand possible responses in the nanosecond it takes Jim to answer, most of them involving Jim turning away from him in disgust and him going back to his sad, lonely little flat all alone and shooting up tonight and maybe that dealer on the corner of Church Street is still in business and Sherlock is certain that he has an emergency stack of cash somewhere that might just be enough and…
In his heart of hearts, perhaps Sherlock still feels there are things he ought to tell John about. Most of the things he needed to say have been said, about Moriarty, about John, about those two years following the Fall and about those days in the hospital.
“Uh, nothing just… do your laundry… You know most people create imaginary versions of others to play out their fantasies, don’t you? But maybe getting someone else to do your laundry is the most indulgent scenario you can come up with?”
“When I was there this time… it was different. I know why, you don’t have to say it.” He takes a deep breath and looks up at the ceiling. “It was dangerous and foolish, but I needed it and I wanted… I wanted out! And I took a risk and it backfired and I’m…” Sherlock stops again for a moment, worrying his lower lip with his teeth. He seems to gather momentum before he’s able to look John in the eyes. “I’m so sorry, John. I know… I know what it did to you. I understand it better now than… than last time. And I’m just so… so sorry, John…”
If you haven't noticed, I expanded the last chapter with another segment, so please go back and read that if you haven't already before proceeding.
John feels himself swallow despite not meaning to. From one moment to the next, he feels dizzyingly out of his depth. He takes a sip of his coffee just to buy himself more time, but there’s really no point in dragging out the inevitable.
What the hell is he thinking? Sherlock admitting to feeling things doesn’t automatically equate to him appreciating being grabbed, pushed up against a wall and snogged senseless by his best friend. Sherlock has just explained how he feels about his emotions, how they relate to his rationality and John has just massively ignored all of it to force his own selfish agenda on Sherlock. What kind of best friend would ever do that? And what about Mary? John is bloody married, and now he’s just kissed another. He’s cheated on his wife. And with a man at that! John isn’t like that, should not be like that. And yet…
In addition to that, you may have already noticed that I use a lot of quotes and expressions from the actual series and incorporate them in new ways in my writing. This chapter probably has more of that than any previous one, but that is deliberate. While I do enjoy a good reference, I mainly use these direct quotes or expressions to convey that Sherlock himself is re-purposing bits and pieces of conversations he remembers having had with various people. In other cases, such as when the quotes are from Sherlock's mind palace, i.e. from The Abominable Bride or from season 4, I think of them as representing Sherlock's inner dialogue with himself and thus to also be appropriate for my story.
John chuckles as well. “I call myself a human being, that’s what. A human being with ears, thank you very much.”
“What happened to you, Sherlock?” John isn’t even sure he wants to know, but there’s an equally big part of him that needs to. From a morbid sense of curiosity, a doctor’s desire to know the course of the injury, the masochistic wish to feed his own guilt or all three.
They enter the complex and the unnerving sensation intensifies. It should just be the two of them in here, but it’s as though he can hear the faintest glimmers of separate footfalls. One – no, two of them sound as though they were made by high heels. The third is resolute, quick, harsh. Clearly someone agitated. Balance of probability says it’s a man. A short man, judging by the frequency of the sounds. His stride is not very long compared to the high heels. A strange feeling is settling in Sherlock’s stomach, heavy and nauseating.
At the very end of the hallway, there’s another door. This one is different. The other doors down this hallway are mahogany with gold handles. This one is made of metal and feels cold to the touch. A padlock keeps it permanently locked and bolted. It gives Sherlock pause, which is the whole reason it’s here. To remind him that there are things behind this door requiring a padlock to keep them in and a padlock to keep him out. Had the water leakage been anywhere else, Sherlock would have had it fixed straight away. A water leakage down here is something he’d rather ignore. But that’s the thing about a water leakage: it spreads.
Sherlock can feel a slight moisture building in his eyes and averts his gaze, willing his weakness to go away. It’s too true, all of it.
“I’m not quite sure to be honest.” Were he really honest, he’d say that he isn’t quite sure what he’s looking for. That he forgot approximately ten seconds after being told what he should do and that he’s just been sitting here in his own thoughts for the past quarter of an hour.
Their couch is a bit on the smallish side, at least with the way the leather cushions have started to dip towards the middle. The tilt guides them closer and their thighs brush when Sherlock sits down. A pleasant tingle runs up his spine.
At least that’s what Sherlock tells himself at first. As the hours pass, he begins to realise that he actually doesn’t mind this particular company as much as he thought he would… or perhaps rather as much as he thought he
Once they start, it’s difficult to stop. Sherlock’s lips are soft and pliable and distinctly his own, all sharp angles and deep cupid’s bow, and John can now feel all the areas and features he’s been examining for years. Somehow, though John isn’t quite sure how, they make it back onto the couch and Sherlock manages to migrate from the cushions to John’s lap. He doesn’t straddle his hips though. He just curls up in John’s arms, too long legs dangling off to one side while his own arms encircle John’s upper back and his fingers tangle up in greying hair, holding on as though John might pull away from him any minute. John has no desire to do that though. It’s far too good right now, all reservations and consequences so far away as to barely intrude on this moment.
Sherlock swallows thickly; his allergic intolerance to emotions appears to have become active again. "Then what is it?" he asks with trepidation. "Why are you upset?"
"I promised I would help you!" Moriarty reminds him. "And you were mine, finally mine, and I thought it would always be that way. But you never, ever, ever looked at me the way you look at
“You’re ready," Brook says. "You’ve got no need to prove that to me. But what better way is there for you to prove it to yourself? Especially with a case like this.”
John leans into him, sets a kiss to his collarbone, to his Adam’s apple, to his jaw. Increases the speed of his hand as their cocks become nearly drenched in their own wetness. Loses himself in the sensation of their warm, velvety skin gliding together.
The night is turning out much better than he planned—until he rises from his seat and finds himself cornered by a tall, handsome bartender.
God, it’s cold. He takes out his phone to reserve an Uber, trying to distract himself from the likelihood that he’s about to develop hypothermia. “Trapezium, scaphoid, capitate, radius...” he murmurs to himself. Ha. He suddenly remembers anatomy again. “...ulna, lunate, triquetrum, metacarpals, distal, middle, proximal phalanges, pisiform…”
It’s been almost six weeks since John and Sherlock have begun to perform. There have been dozens of hours spent holding hands and hundreds of practiced kisses. Yet butterflies fill John’s stomach every time their fingers brush together; somehow, every kiss only tastes sweeter.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Don’t be ridiculous, John,” he says, and then there’s a rustle from the other side of the dumpster. “Did you hear that?” He doesn’t wait for a response before dashing into the alleyway to pursue the sound, and John is close behind.
“I’ll be wearing my earbuds,” John reminds her. “I can hear you, but I can’t talk to you. If it’s urgent, I’ll text, but try to be nonchalant about answering.”
"John," Sherlock says firmly, but there's no anger in his voice. "Just say you love me already. Please."
They simply hold on to one another, nothing more, and it’s absolutely magnificent. There’s something between them, something far beyond words. A glow. An outpouring of light. John can feel Sherlock’s heart beating in his chest, but there’s something else—it’s as though he can feel his
“No. It’s not that. I was...simply going to say that Sherlock is lucky to have you.” He turns back to Molly, then to Irene, and he feels grateful. “All of you.”
William softly traces the hair beneath John’s navel. “Nor have I,” he rumbles. “How might we alleviate that?”
His words are cut off by the other man’s lips devouring his, open and wet and desperate. A stifled groan escapes John's throat as he presses closer, his thin cotton shirt rough against John's bare chest. Shifting his leg between John's, he lifts his arms above his head, pinning him to the wall, sliding his tongue hungrily over the insides of John’s mouth.
“How quickly you forget, John,” he says with an impish amusement. “Even when you’re constantly visited by memories.”
But the man smiles his signature snakelike, beady-eyed smile, and John knows there’s no chance he’s that lucky.
"Alright, then." John clinks the rim of his glass to Sherlock's. "To the woman at the patisserie—whose name is Michelle, by the way—and to your favourite scarf."
“Shh!” she shushes him. She glares daggers into him, grabbing him by the shoulders and pulling him in roughly through the door.
"He's got chapped lips. Callused hands. Unique tan lines. Highly developed muscles in one forearm due to years of repetitive wrist movements." Sherlock encloses his fingers and slides his hand upwards and downwards in a demonstrative motion.
Sarah bursts into laughter. “I mean, technically, I fell on my head, so that’s only partially true. Anyway, Gabriela took me to the ER, stayed with me, and took me home the next morning. She put me to bed, and I woke up in her arms, and I haven’t really left her side since.”
“Oh, stop.” Mary pulls her hands away, but isn’t angry. “If the tears start now, they won’t stop, and that would be a terrible waste of everyone’s time.” She opens the door. “Let’s go.”
I was walking into Brook’s laboratory the moment I solved the murders. There he was, staring down at his documents in the same manner he had every day in the years I’d known him. He was Brook, and then he wasn’t.
John begins undoing his collar in a way that could only be described as sensual; and Sherlock can't curb the low, enthusiastic murmur that comes from his mouth. He undoes another bit of the shirt, and then another, until it’s halfway unbuttoned.
John feels it: he’s not the same man he was yesterday. He’s not even the same man he was two hours ago, before being pressed against a wall and kissed by a tragically beautiful bartender in skin-tight jeans.
"Sort of. Metonym: a word, name, or expression used as a substitute for something else with which it is closely associated."
Sherlock swallows thickly again, taking both of John's hands. "Good. Now come with me; I've got somewhere I want to take you."
John hasn't taken his eyes off of him for a moment. The fluttering in Sherlock's stomach comes and goes as often as John's gaze lingers. But if John's attention briefly wanders elsewhere, Sherlock instantly finds himself fighting to take it back. Or when John leans forwards to pick up his glass of wine, Sherlock tries to predict, based on John's posture and the relative angle of his arm, whether his elbow will brush up against his leg. And when John opens his mouth to speak, he tries to predict, based on the width of his smile and the depth of his breath, whether he'll tell him again how nice he looks.
Sherlock moans quietly at John’s touch. When their eyes once again meet, his are filled with a wild desperation. His face is flushed; his lips are parted, and his pulse leaps at his throat.
Sherlock wants to tell John that where he is at the moment, lying next to him—it feels even more home than home. Instead, he simply says: "Yes."
Sherlock gives him a grateful look of relief before shoving both hands into his pockets, spinning on his heels, and exiting the room.
"Yes!" Sherlock grabs it from him. "It keeps changing back for some reason!" He searches for the mute button.
differs substantially from anything you’ve experienced in your past. I’ll never hurt you, Sherlock. I promise.”
They land facing towards one another, bodies tangled together. Without a beat, John finds the familiar place between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder; Sherlock’s chin finds the crown of his head.
Sherlock aligns himself with John's opening, sets a kiss to John's inner ankle, and then the other. He circles the head of his cock at the center a few times, teasing until John’s pressing against him, desperate and begging hoarsely for him to enter.
It suddenly strikes John that this will be the first Christmas she’ll really get to experience. Last year, she could barely walk and said little more than “dada” for John and “sof” for Sherlock. Which means this year will also be their first real Christmas, the three of them together, a proper family.
He wants it all undone. He wants to be who he used to be, who he was always meant to be. He was never meant to be this pathetic, stupid, emotional mess. He’s been shutting his emotions off since he was four years old. It has always been second nature to him. Instinct even. This thing he has become, it’s not who he is meant to be. He fell in love and he allowed that to overtake him and turn his head and mess everything up and here he is, abandoned, and it’s no more than he deserves for being so horribly weak and it has to end
Sherlock’s heart spikes up in one final peak that causes the monitor to give the highest screech yet.
Sherlock seems to be just as aware of the nostalgic mood as John is, lighting up in another smile and chuckling under his breath. “And you call yourself a doctor.”
… well, that seemed even worse to me. So I did it. So I know. And even before that, it wasn’t as if I thought it was all a big joke to you, but again it was the lesser of two evils and when I came back and saw you in the restaurant, I didn’t know how to… how to say that or any of it and I needed it to be okay, but it wasn’t and I messed it up and I’m sorry, John, I’m sorry, I’m so
Also, I don't say this enough, but I would like to give a big thank you to everyone reading, bookmarking, leaving kudos and commenting! It means so much to me!
But John dismisses the thought almost as soon as it appears. Sherlock would never do that, no matter his mood, no matter his feelings, no matter how far he might be pushed. Sherlock made him a vow, made both of them a vow. And if there’s one lesson it caused John so much pain to grasp that he will never forget it, it is that Sherlock cares more about his friends than he cares about himself. That there’s nothing he won’t do for John’s sake, for Mrs. Hudson’s sake, for Greg’s sake… for Mary’s sake. Mary is not just John’s wife. She’s also Sherlock’s friend, and he made that vow as much to her as he did to John.
It doesn't help. Still John worries. Still his stomach tangles itself up in knots. Still his throat constricts until every breath is a challenge. Because it's just not true. Real people aren’t immortal. And as otherworldly as Sherlock may seem at times, as otherworldly as Sherlock may prefer to think of himself at times, John knows his humanity better than almost anyone else. And right now, he would to God he didn’t. With humanity comes mortality, and John isn’t a good enough liar to convince himself that his stomach doesn’t drop a further three storeys at that word appearing in connection with Sherlock Holmes.
to John and John is under the distinct impression that Sherlock not only has full knowledge of this, but commonly uses it to his advantage). Anything edible is off the table given Sherlock’s notorious disregard for sustenance to his transport. John would have liked to give him an experience or holiday as a present – he saw an advert for an inn a couple of hours outside London that he’s been dying to take Sherlock to for a while now only this morning and almost booked a weekend for the two of them right away – but that sort of long-term planning rarely works out for them with both of them often called out on cases on very short notice and then there’s also Rosie to consider.
The air seems to leave the room or maybe it’s just John’s lungs. He can feel his chest tighten, but for a change, it isn’t uncomfortable.
John looks from the monitor to the doctors and back to the monitor before he finally looks at Sherlock.
And what about Sherlock? He probably wouldn’t understand. Even if he would, Sherlock has always made it clear that he doesn’t do things like that. Relationships. Emotions. John knows there are some exceptions, himself and Mrs. Hudson being the primary examples, but romantic entanglements have never been something that Sherlock has shown the slightest bit of interest in. On the contrary. The very first night they were out together at Angelo’s, John had inelegantly broached the subject, drunk as he was on excitement and overeager to become familiar with Sherlock, who had already then impressed him as just about the most exotic and fascinating creature imaginable. Sherlock had very pointedly turned him down and explained that he considered himself married to his work, a statement that Sherlock has not only continued to live by, but also reiterated on multiple occasions. Even if Sherlock would be able to understand John’s interest, he wouldn’t be interested in any form of reciprocation, and the relaxed ease with which they interact, the ease that John treasures more than anything else, would turn stiff and awkward.
This takes a moment longer to answer, but only just. “Because… well, I suppose because I don’t really care what they think.”
, being oneself is the right thing to do. Thinking too much about what other people think, bending to accommodate their stupid, uninformed opinions is a sign of weakness.
Sherlock is biting his lower lip with enough force to make it go white around his teeth. John wants to object, can feel the air with which to voice it pressing against his throat, but he keeps his tongue. Sherlock is not done talking. And he delivers the objection himself.
Sherlock. So who the hell fucking knows? Sherlock does at least three things a day that sound preposterous and shouldn’t really be possible. Why the fuck not this?
At first, John interprets it as a stare, a continuation of the deducing glance he’s just sported. The one he uses on murder victims at crime scenes. But there’s no frown of concentration, no pupils darting back and forth inquisitively. He’s just staring. For a second, John is almost worried that Sherlock might have suffered a setback. That what he’s seeing are the first signs of a relapse into unconsciousness. His muscles tense up in preparation of catching Sherlock if he should suddenly collapse.
smile, warm and comforting. A little teasing perhaps. But it still always manages to make John feel instantly at ease, no matter how misguided that feeling might be at the moment.
Mycroft squares his shoulders. Despite his reputation, he really doesn’t believe in collateral damage. And certainly not of a kind involving his own little brother. But needs must when the devil drives.
“What do you owe him, Sherlock? If you have to be honest with me, what has he ever given you? Hm? Happiness, perhaps? Are you happy as you lie curled up on a sofa in your quiet, empty flat, high as a kite for the second time in as many days, all because you can’t forget about John Watson for as much as a second? Are you happier now than you were when you were beating up a corpse at Bart’s morgue, not even knowing that John Watson existed? Or is it something else that he has given you? Recognition? Yes, that’s more it, isn’t it? How many times hasn’t he said you were brilliant? Amazing? Incredible? That’s a lot of times, you know it is.”
“Hello Ice Man.” Jim Moriarty’s drawl is sickeningly sweet and innocently childish – too much so to be perceived as anything but sinister and foreboding. As per his usual modus operandi. The stifling atmosphere on a sunny day signalling an oncoming storm a good long while before there’s a cloud in the sky. “Care to join us for a cup of tea? We were just about to have some.” Moriarty’s smirk is annoyingly superior as he moves around Sherlock’s chair, deliberately letting his hand drag across the backrest behind Sherlock’s head. He settles on the armrest, one arm encircling Sherlock’s body. Like a raven sitting on his brother’s shoulder. Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind and the message could hardly be clearer: Moriarty is here with Sherlock’s good will. It’s Mycroft who’s the uninvited, and unwanted, visitor.
He doesn’t regret the circumstances that brought his mistakes about. Perhaps he should. But the mistake there had been losing to Moriarty, not everything that followed. Renouncing his abilities, proclaiming himself a fake, even faking his own death and leaving John, Mrs. Hudson and London itself for two years… those had all been logical consequences of that initial loss in Jim's game of wits. Just as John finding a new companion had been a logical consequence of Sherlock leaving.
Mycroft’s face is grim as he rubs small circles on the few percentages of his brother’s back not covered in recent lash marks. Sherlock raises his head from the bucket between his feet just long enough to glare daggers at the older Holmes before he doubles over again, coughing up yet another bloody bit of mucus and trying in vain to dry the corners of his mouth with an already soaked handkerchief.
. He'd told John that once. And even then it had been a façade, an attempt to push John away from him in order to keep him safe, but it had been true in some ways. It just isn’t true anymore. He’s a different person now.
The moment that thought crosses Sherlock's mind, Moriarty leans forward, hand stretched out in front of him. For a shocked moment, Sherlock is almost certain he’s about to place a hand on his cheek.
John deposits his bags so quickly it could almost be called dropping them and crosses the distance between them in two strides.
Within a couple of minutes, it all comes to a head, John’s face buried in the slender expanse of Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock repeating his name over and over like a litany into the muted light. His long fingers tangle themselves in John’s hair with feverish determination as he cries out one last time. John follows immediately after, crying out his own passion right by Sherlock’s ear.
have the capacity to feel and that he only ever tried to convince the world of the opposite because he feels
collapses into his armchair, his limps sprawling out in every direction as he heaves a deep, satisfied sigh.
Jim leans closer. He’s all support and understanding now, not a hint left of the malicious contempt from a moment before. His warm breath ghosts across Sherlock’s ear.
When it comes to John, words have never been his strong suit. Well… if he’s honest, it’s not just John. It’s people. Deductions and arguments and put-downs, he can manage, but kindness? Compassion? Understanding?
Everything is ordered here, every item has its place. Beside the door, there’s a small table with a few case files underpinned by a pocket knife, a coffee mug decorated with the insignia of the Royal Army Medical Corps and a small card containing a phone number with the words
But not like this. Never like this. It’s so easy, so... thoughtless. John is just watching the telly, exuding nothing but calmness and normality. If Sherlock didn’t know him as well as he does, if he didn’t know that John’s never held him like this before and if he didn’t know about John’s anxieties concerning his own sexuality, then maybe Sherlock would have been fooled into thinking that they do this on a regular basis. Right in this moment, ripped out of space, time and all context, it almost feels like it.
Sherlock’s expression softens, if only slightly. He looks at John with the same deeply intense concentration as he uses on a specimen pinned underneath the microscope, as if he’s trying to read a deeper truth than the one John has just shared of his own accord from his face and posture.
Mary looks at him, listening with rapt attention, and John is suddenly struck by the realisation that he’s never really done this before, talked to her about Sherlock. Talked about the episodes that happened before she came into the picture and how they affected the way John sees Sherlock.
Jim is sitting in John’s chair, watching over the proceedings with a satisfied little smirk. He’s helped himself to some milk from the kitchen, which he’s now busy swirling around in the glass as though it was a fine whiskey.
On the other hand… well, on the other hand, John has a wife and a life at home, just as Sherlock has said, and perhaps they would all just be better off if they left the whole thing alone, kept everything as unspoken as possible and got on with their lives. That is certainly the moral course of action.
So this time, he’s not here to hide it away. He’s not here to fix the leak, to sweep up what has seeped out and push it back behind the door where it came from. This time, he’s here to seek it out. This time, he’s here to open the door so wide that it can no longer creak. To hell with the consequences. What has he got to lose that he isn’t already losing anyway? Surely anything is better than being stuck in this insufferable deadlock for another minute, trapped between the presence of his emotions and the absence of any resolution to them.
John is still holding Sherlock’s hand. He hasn’t let go of it for a moment. Whatever the doctors and nurses might be thinking, to hell with that. This isn’t about all that.
What Sherlock sacrificed everything to achieve, he did not end up achieving. He lost everything he had and everything he wanted.
And now he swallows again, literally this time. “You could have trusted me. You could have told me to keep quiet about it and trusted me to do so.” He swallows again, harder. The burning in his eyes gets stronger. “But I guess you didn’t.”
“Look, I know I have no right to expect… and I don’t want you to share something you don’t want to share. Really.” John tries to emphasise with his eyes, although Sherlock is notoriously challenged when it comes to nonverbal communication. Outside of cases anyway. John soldiers on. “But I have to say, I’m getting a bit worried here. I’m not the world’s only consulting detective. I can’t tell what’s going on inside someone’s head at a glance. I’m sorry.” He smiles a little, meaning it to be sheepish. It probably turns out much too sad for that. “I don’t think you owe it to me to share whatever it is. But I can tell you’re… hell, I don’t know. Worried. Sad.” He shrugs helplessly. “I don’t know. But if it has any relevance to your unconsciousness and recovery, I need you to tell me. As your doctor.”
They don’t talk about John. Nor Sherlock’s lingering feelings of loyalty and love towards him. It’s about the only thing they don’t talk about. It takes on an air of an almost taboo subject in Sherlock’s mind, an uncomfortable reality that he doesn’t feel like addressing and Jim doesn’t bring up either. They both seem to prefer silencing the issue into nonexistence, an effort which, at least on Sherlock’s part, is about as futile as posthumously solving the Ripper murders. John keeps lying between them, an unwelcome entity that remains completely unspoken and yet cloying in its intensity. Jim doesn’t mention him at all, not even as a passing reference, but he doesn’t seem to blame Sherlock either. He just largely ignores the subject of John’s existence, perhaps waiting for Sherlock to make the opening move or perhaps just not as affected by the problem as Sherlock. The blame and guilt is all on Sherlock’s part, his increasing mental focus forcing him to re-examine the past year in a critical light and cast accusatory glances at his treacherous, unforgivably illogical heart that has been leading him down this road ever since he came back from Serbia.
This time though, it somehow doesn't feel quite as bad. Discussing his failure with the person responsible rather than an ignorant fool who knows nothing of the matter – whether that ignorant fool is the ignorant fool who watched it all through several security cameras, the ignorant fool who watched it all from the ground in front of Bart’s or just any ignorant fool who only watched it all on the telly – is somehow deeply cathartic. There is no reason to lie, no pressure to appear
John looks at him questioningly, causing a slight frown to appear between his brows. There’s that twitch of his mouth to show that he’s listening.
Additionally, the next chapter might be a bit delayed. This is because I'm currently planning and writing a short Christmas-themed fluff-fest based on prompts found on Tumblr. It'll be completely unrelated to this fic, but it does mean that I might not get around to working too much on the next chapter until after Christmas.
The days pass. They spend them in much the same manner as the previous week, heading this way and that at random, mapping inner London by foot, making deductions, laughing at the general incompetence and basically just having a good time at the expense of innocent passers-by. It ought to get monotonous, but it doesn’t.
And yet here he is. He doesn’t understand, but he’s willing to listen. He doesn’t try to explain, because he can’t, but he wants Sherlock to explain it to him. He wants to know, even if Sherlock knows that he doesn’t really.
Sherlock is pale. His skin seems whiter than usual, thinner somehow, stretched out over his already too fragile frame. Bone china: untarnished, delicate, breakable. Breakable more than anything. It appears translucent in places, almost purplish in others. Sherlock looks exactly like what he is: a man who almost died of a drug overdose less than an hour ago, yet somehow, miraculously, pulled through to live another day. His steadily rising and falling chest is evidence of that, evidence that John’s eyes feel glued to. It’s almost as though it's his own chest he's looking at. He only breathes himself once he’s made sure that Sherlock is still doing the same.
“Sherlock…” John gets out only to have Sherlock’s gaze snap to meet his. His eyes hold on to John’s, keeping him still.
Jim gives him a squeeze, beaming at him cheerfully. A stark contrast to the rest of his surroundings.
So how to proceed? Going down here has evidently done little to appease the problem. If anything, going by the now amplified creaking, it might actually have worsened. Proceeding further seems a leap of faith that Sherlock isn’t quite sure he dares to take. Still, submitting to his own gut feeling is not a step that Sherlock takes easily no matter the circumstances. That’s not how this is supposed to work. This is supposed to be logical. He is supposed to be logical. But he’s… God, he’s scared, isn’t he? Isn’t that what he’s experiencing? Fear?
Moriarty strolls into Sherlock’s flat as though he owns the place. The Sun is barely up yet, only just beginning to peek over the horizon.
“I never thought it didn’t matter. I knew you weren’t… unaffected.” The quiver has spread from his lip to his entire jaw. “I was there. I attended my own funeral, from a distance.”
Sherlock is in freefall. He pictures himself standing on the edge of the precipice and looking down, down, down, hundreds of feet into a dark chasm of swirling water and seething foam, dangling there for a moment, struggling for balance, only to go over the edge, scrambling desperately for something to cling on to, tearing his hands bloody on the rocks… and finally simply flying for that permanent destination at the bottom. It feels inevitable.
Mary smiles and turns fully towards him, apparently satisfied with that explanation. Well, it is rather obvious that an intimate dance is an activity for two people only.
And just as suddenly as it occurred, the spell seems to be broken. Mary gets up, casually disposing of their coffee cups in the nearest bin. John only had time for a couple of sips of his, but he finds that he doesn't mind.
Oh my goodness! This was a very difficult chapter to write and I'm still not 100% happy with it, but here goes. Yet another depressing chapter and it's only getting worse from here on out, so... yeah, sorry about this. As always, feel free to comment, give kudos or anything else! It greatly motivates me and I'd love to get more in touch with everyone about this fic. You can find me (until tumblr destroys itself with legislation anyway) as the-signs-of-two on tumblr!
John feels a very familiar sense of frustration bubble up inside as he struggles to rein in his temper. Sherlock brings out the best in him, but
Without meaning to, he leans closer into John’s arms, consumed by a contradictory desire to hide from what he can guess is John’s judgement by burying himself ever further against his chest.
"You have tried for so long to be who John Watson wanted you to be. Why not be who you are instead?”
“I did it because I wasn’t thinking. I wanted to do it and I did it without thinking it through. And it was…”
No raised voice and no pauses. Just stating the obvious. John is so completely taken aback by this sudden diatribe that he doesn’t know what to say. So he doesn’t say anything.
and he’s feeling as though John is talking down to him because of it… or whether it’s actually an embarrassed silence because John suggested… oh, screw it, he suggested that Sherlock might have fantasies involving John.
Shit. He can’t say it. He can’t find the words. Sherlock is still looking at him, all innocent confusion, and it’s just making it worse. How does he manage to flip on a dime like that, again and again? Why can’t John pause him, take a moment to actually figure out what he’s thinking? Why must it always be like this?
John isn’t angry. It’s just about the only feeling he isn’t currently experiencing, which is odd to say the least when he considers how powerfully his anger and frustration had overwhelmed him yesterday. Now he isn’t angry, apart from the anger he feels at himself. He’s angry at himself for having left when he should have stayed, for missing the signs that Sherlock was not as okay as he let on, for letting himself be talked into leaving Sherlock’s side just to spend another ordinary, meaningless evening with Mary. But even that anger, as enormous and all-consuming as it might turn out to be at the end of the day, is simply too taxing for John to bother with right now. Nor is he angry at Sherlock. Maybe it will come later, just as it did after Bart’s. Maybe the anger at Sherlock for toying with his life in so nonchalant a fashion, for not asking for help when he needed it, will come sneaking up on John in a few hours’ time and choke him. For now, he feels no anger. Just a burning desire for Sherlock to be alright, for him to pull through and open his eyes and look up at John and smile and assure John that he’s absolutely fine even when he quite clearly isn’t so John can call him a git and they can laugh and John can feel confident that it’s all going to be alright.
“He’s good. Well… getting better, at least. But you know how he is. Isn’t always easy to tell. He prefers to be a mystery.” John feels himself smiling.
He supposes that it should worry him, figures that he would be concerned if he wasn’t so out of it, registers this fact without really taking it in… and closes his eyes again.
, John realises, and he almost lets go of it in horror, a sick feeling settling heavily in his stomach and threatening to turn it inside out. John is reminded of a case he and Sherlock did together a long time ago, back before the Fall. One of the good ones, a poisoning, easily an eight on Sherlock’s scale. But it’s not the sensationally macabre details nor the glint of excitement in Sherlock’s eyes nor even Sherlock’s howl of satisfaction when he cracked it that John remembers. It’s the six-year-old daughter of the victim that comes to mind, sitting there as she had at the police station, chair way too big for her and a female officer close by for comfort as Sherlock had interrogated her. Sophie, her name was, if John remembers correctly. Sherlock had been reassuring, gentle even, as understanding as John can ever remember having seen him in front of a witness, Lestrade’s warning of “gently, please, Sherlock” for once not falling on deaf ears. Perhaps even Sherlock had felt sympathy for her, shaking like a leaf as she was. Perhaps he’d simply understood that being reassuring would be the fastest way to get the information he wanted out of her. Whatever the reason, John can’t help but recall her words now, shakily spoken and difficult to understand from the mouth of a first grader who’d seen more horror in the last twenty-four hours than many do in an entire lifetime.
There’s no room for debate in her voice and, frankly, perhaps there isn’t any room for debate simply because it’s the truth.
“But you fired a gun into your own head. How could you possibly survive that…?” Sherlock pushes himself up on his elbow. His expression is probably comical, open-mouthed and disbelieving. There’s no space on his hard drive to take care of correcting it.
Sherlock is quiet. He doesn’t have the faintest clue what he’s supposed to say, what he’s supposed to do, how he’s supposed to respond. In hindsight, he’s been skirting around this for ages. He’s glimpsed it time and time again, but there’s always been those few crucial puzzle pieces missing.
The outburst takes them both by surprise, it seems. John sits as still and silent as if he was frozen in place and perhaps it isn’t that far off the mark.
Sherlock sits still for a moment. Then he nods, only slightly and so slowly that John is barely able to pick up on it.
As if on cue, they all four lean in closer, each wishing to confirm for him- or herself that Sherlock’s eyes really are open. Which they certainly are, though John doesn’t get the impression that they’re capable of processing much of the visual input. He knows they shouldn’t crowd in around him like this. Everything is likely overwhelming and strange in Sherlock’s current condition, there’s no reason for them to make it any worse for him than it has to be. The same thing goes for loud noises, though, so John simply raises his hands slightly out of Sherlock’s field of vision, gesturing for the others to pull back before doing the same himself. He feels a twinge of discomfort telling Sherlock’s biological brother and the woman who loves Sherlock as though he was her own son to back away, but his concern for Sherlock’s well-being overrides that.
But he has to go through this, Sherlock forces himself to remember. He has to go through this, they both have to go through this. There’s no other way and there’s worse to come. Sherlock wants to give John a chance to breathe and think this through and that, unfortunately, requires no small amount of pain. There’s no rush to it. They have time now and this requires time. Even Sherlock is enough of a human to know that.
But in the end, Sherlock decides to make a clean breast of it. This isn’t the time for delicacies and half-told truths.
“This is what it’s all been leading to,” Jim continues. “What you’ve always wanted. Don’t you see? It’s within your reach now, all of it. So don’t be foolish. Step up and claim your reward.”
John settles for a chuckle that definitely doesn’t come out as relaxed as he would have liked it to. “Sherlock… as much as I appreciate all your help with the wedding and everything…” Christ, he really ought to think through what he’s going to say before he begins to say it. His impromptu reaction is to tell Sherlock that the wedding really isn’t that big of a deal, but he obviously can’t say that. He’s the groom for fuck’s sake. And now Sherlock is looking at him, waiting for the continuation. Christ, he really ought to think through what he’s going to say before he begins to say it.
He looks just as Sherlock remembers him. Expensive suit. Slicked back hair. Eyes positively glittering with Sherlock knows not what. Mirth? Sarcasm? Insanity? Geniality? Sherlock’s brain is working on overdrive and the processing time is long. It takes him painful eight seconds to locate his voice again.
And Christ, John has no idea what to get him. Sherlock is an exceptionally difficult person to shop for because his tastes are so stupidly specific and impossible to figure out. John can’t get him books because Sherlock doesn’t read fiction and already owns a huge collection of non-fiction books on every topic under the sun, which means that John has absolutely no chance of figuring out which he might already own and which he might consider too simple and basic for him. John can’t get him any clothing items either, what with Sherlock’s ongoing accusation of him having bad taste and John having to admit that he hasn’t the faintest idea about the kinds of styles that Sherlock seems to follow with diligence (although that doesn’t stop him from noticing when Sherlock has gone the extra mile with his appearance, much to Sherlock’s delight; there are certain items of dress in Sherlock’s possession that does
“I tried to do something. I started it that evening… the last evening, after you’d left. It was an idea I had, an old one. Very old. I’ve had it for most of my life. I used to discuss it with Mycroft, but he didn’t think it could be done.” Sherlock scoffs again, this time with a hint of mockery in his tone. “He might be the British Government and he might have one of the most ordered, analytical brains of our generation, but Mycroft has always lacked all sense of imagination.”
What was the point of all of those events and emotions and situations playing out just so, leading from one to the other? Leading John and Sherlock together, leading them away from each other, leading John to Mary, leading Sherlock back to John and finally… finally this. If this is what it was all leading to… well, what the hell did any of it matter then?
So they try. Slowly but surely, step by step and, after fiddling with angles and positions for a moment, inch by inch.
the same as it did in Afghanistan. One aspect of this ordeal is so vastly different from Afghanistan that a direct comparison is unsustainable.
What is John thinking? In this moment, what does he think of? Does he think only of the now, of this kiss and this moment? Does he… does he perhaps think of Mary? Of what has just transpired between them and what his decision to kiss Sherlock now means for their relationship? Or does he perhaps think, as Sherlock does, of them? Of what they are now and what they will be from now on. Of how it could ever work, whatever
Then he enters his bedroom and closes the door behind him. John hears the door mechanism as it shuts. He’s left back on the couch.
that temptation is, how stupidly dangerous it would be to attempt this, well then you really are unbearably, insufferably dense, brother mine!”
Jim is his complimentary other half. He’s here when no one else is and he wants the same as Sherlock. He’s promised not to leave if Sherlock will only do this one thing.
Sherlock’s voice breaks and he sags against the doorframe, jaw shaking and eyes red-rimmed and wet. John’s hands are on him in an instant, supporting him as he curls up and slides onto the floor, almost in the foetal position. He gasps for air, making small sounds that John would categorise as sobs if they had come from another. When he speaks, his voice sounds impossibly small.
“I have. We’ve kissed. More than once. We haven’t… talked. And it wasn’t… it wasn’t Sherlock’s idea. I don’t know how it happened,” he adds truthfully. “It was just… it seemed… inevitable.”
, right here on the couch, and he’s staying here no matter how fiercely he tries to tell his brain otherwise, tries to get it to disconnect him from his body and release his mind to roam around his mind palace. He can’t seem to find the hatch, the little twist in the fabric that he’s always been able to squeeze through before. He can picture himself moving around the room like a human hurricane as badly as he wants, removing his mind from his body is apparently not going to happen. If only he could return to the hallway and close the door then maybe… But he can’t find his way back. Can’t find the hallway, can’t find the door, can’t find anything. It feels quiet and empty and deserted inside his head.
. It’s been stressful, they’re both tired and they need to go to bed early so they can have some energy for tomorrow. This is not a good idea. Last minute decisions rarely are. But Sherlock has clearly noticed that John is preparing himself for something. He’ll probably be confused if John doesn't deliver. Maybe he’ll think something is amiss. Besides, it would feel like a complete cop-out if John was to back down now. It’s not even that significant of a thing he wants to say. He’s just being a coward.
By the time Mary drops him off in front of their house, she has offered that he can come along with her to visit Cath at least thrice. John has politely declined each time. Even though Mary insists that it’s not a problem, John knows better. Of course it’s a problem, her dragging him along to her friends because he can’t be trusted to keep it together on his own. Even if it isn’t, John would rather be without that humiliation.
Mary is silent. He thinks he can almost hear the gears turning in her head. Ponders what she could need to think over when he’s already given her the same reply at least five days in a row by now and then ponders what an absurd mental image it is to picture her head full of gears. His mind isn’t quite itself today.
Mycroft hesitates a moment, stuck somewhere between uncertainty and annoyance. “Are we playing a game, brother mine?”
Eventually, Sherlock is the one to cave and avert his gaze. The exhaustion is clearly still eating away at him. When Sherlock is fully functioning, besting him at a glaring contest is not a possibility.
. I know what you think, I know you think I’m… that I’m like Mycroft or Jim. That I don’t feel very much at all and that I can turn it off entirely. That when I’m on a case, I’m only thinking and allowing only my brain to guide me.”
It’s several days before John has another free afternoon. Mary has another appointment with a friend of hers that John doesn’t particularly care for and she seems agreeable enough when he airs the idea of going to Baker Street after work. “Are you going to solve a case then?” she asks in that familiar tone of voice that John can’t decide whether to interpret as admiration or sarcasm.
The seconds pass. John doesn’t try to fill them. These prolonged silences seem to be a new habit of Sherlock's, though John isn’t sure whether they signal insecurity or an unwillingness to disclose what’s on his mind.
"If you're going to employ this...current...husbandly action...in which you caress my head...it would likely be more believable if you caressed my face as well."
Sherlock considers throwing his arms into the air indignantly—or at the very least, crossing them over his chest to convey his dramatic frustration—but either of these actions would required un-holding John's hand. And although John has been gripping so hard that at one point Sherlock's circulation became fully cut off, he would prefer not to.
That's when Sherlock knows: for John, this is not an act—not anymore. That's when he knows: perhaps John means it. Perhaps John means it all.
“Oh.” Sherlock looks down at his attire, pretending not to notice how absolutely fucking gorgeous he is. “Yes. I’ve got a few errands to run, and then I’m heading over to Bart’s.” He checks the time on his phone and begins to rise from his chair. “Actually, it’s time for me to get going.”
Sherlock smiles back at him, a heavy weight lifting from his chest. “We solved it together. That’s how it’s always been. And as long as there are people in the world committing crimes and murders, I hope that’s how it will always be.”
The woman beams. “I do! I’ll give you my card.” She reaches into her pocket and pulls it out, handing it to John, who takes it warily.
Before long, the people I loved began to experience great misfortune. My father was involved in a hit and run accident which permanently injured his spine. My brother was in a train station when a bomb went off a few yards away from him. But it wasn’t until my mother was kidnapped at gunpoint and held for ransom that I knew for sure.
William swiftly approaches from behind, taking him by the arms to steady him. “Are you alright?” he asks.
Outside is quite cool, and the wind is picking up, but Sherlock's chest is indescribably warm, surging with a euphoria he can't contain. Purposefully bringing his hands up to the sides of his mouth in order to project his voice, he takes a deep breath, and he releases the words that are dying to get out.
But he doesn’t get far at all. Molly pops out from the entryway, grabs both men by the arm, and pulls them indoors. “William!” she yells. “What the hell are you doing? Get in here and shut the bloody door!” She pushes them both into the lobby, slams the door behind her, and begins dusting the snow off her bare hands. She looks over at John, and then quietly to William.
John wraps his arm around Sherlock's waist, bringing Sherlock in towards his warm, bare body, and he kisses him. It's a kiss more gentle than a willow rustling in a summer breeze. Sherlock lifts a hand to John's cheek, cradling it sweetly; he lifts the other hand to John's chin in order to keep him there.
Urgency, real and desperate, springs out from Sherlock's voice. John stops. His chest heaves, and he chokes and sobs as he tries to catch his breath. “I’m sorry,” he says. He turns to face Sherlock, and he falls forwards, collapsing into his arms. “I’m so sorry.”
Mary tilts her head as she callously regards him. “If I’d done that, you never would have seen him again.”
One thing he hopes goes uncatalogued, however, is the sudden sound of Mrs. Hudson’s door swinging open—and the resounding sigh of relief that follows.
"Pistachio." John grins. Sherlock's got an affinity towards French baking and anything made with pistachios.
John shouldn't be surprised—he's familiar with William's impertinence, though he sort of assumed it was reserved for him.
John wraps him more tightly in his arms. “It’s alright. You can ask whenever you’re ready.” He brushes another kiss on his cheek. “The answer will still be the same.”
“William,” John says steadily. “Look at me. Whatever you need to say, it’s okay. Just say it. But I need you to be completely clear with me, alright?”
Sarah’s tongue thrusts and swirls into Gabriela as she pants and gasps her way to orgasm. After she rides out her pulsating body, the two of them stand. Sarah takes Gabriela's face into her hands and kisses her, and they slide their tongues together, sharing and savouring Gabriela's sweet taste.
“Sherlock! I don’t need you to mansplain Farmer Beck’s cause of death, dummy! I figured it out hours ago. You do know that’s my actual job, right?”
“I actually don’t know what I’ll do,” John admits. “I...want to tell him I love him. Kiss him. I haven’t given it much thought beyond that. He’ll probably be angry with me for showing up, so there may be a bit of time spent on apologies.”
He is dead, and you are the monster who killed him. And I have mourned him; as much as I have mourned my life and my family, I have mourned the loss of my friend, Richard Brook.”
“Mary.” He spits her name from his mouth, sharp as a razor, his voice still ragged. He begins to step towards her. She doesn’t raise her gun; she doesn’t even lift a finger. This does nothing to alleviate John’s fury.
He closes his eyes, warmed by the sunlight on his skin, relishing the cool morning breeze on his cheek. He imagines the sun's rays are John's fingers, trickling over his arms as they lie beneath crisp white sheets, and John tells him that he loves him for the first time. The breeze is John's soft lips on his eyelids, his nose, and his forehead—as they picnic against a willow tree in the park. They are at a lake together in Greece, swimming and dining on fresh figs, and in a small, dark flat in Central London, where they raise their daughter. They're growing old in Sussex, John looking on lovingly from the garden as Sherlock tends to his beehives. A wedding on a white, sandy beach in Bali; another in the sprawling Swiss Alps; and yet another in the Sahara.
He closes his eyes again. He often does while listening to music; an auditory experience is much more precise with muted visual stimulation. It helps him clear his mind, to immerse himself wholly in the sound, allowing it to envelop him completely.
“Then you will pick. Oh! I already know the answer. And I will be the winner, because you will be dead. And John will be the loser, but I will leave him alone, and I will leave your friends alone, because they will no longer serve any purpose.”
Sherlock is not enjoying this conversation one bit, but must continue until John sees it his way. “And another thing you are wrong about: the geese were not coming for the chips. They were coming for me. Not the chips, John.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Anyhow, now that we've got that cleared up—" He looks back to Lestrade, who has his phone to his ear and appears to be engaged in a conversation.
The sofa creaks beneath them as though it may break, but that’s of no concern to them at the moment.
There's a knock at the door. The nurse barges in with her stupid nurse tools. John pulls his mouth away and rests his head on Sherlock's shoulder casually. Sherlock curses beneath his breath and laments the fact that they didn't use the door lock.
A clap of thunder rips through the sky, and freezing rain cascades from the clouds onto their heads.
"Blood aeonium," he whispers.  A succulent hybrid that he's had an affinity for since the first time he saw it. He's always wanted one for himself, but it's so rare that it only grows at one nursery in the world, and he's never been lucky enough to obtain one.
“I’m afraid not.” Mrs. Hudson shakes her head. “Just...tell her I’m sorry, as well.” The sad look in Mrs. Hudson’s eyes tells that she knows exactly what she’s saying, however. And for a moment, Sherlock wonders if she’s feeling what John would feel if he lost him.
They’re high on adrenaline and the hunger to seek comfort after all they’ve endured; the only thing on their minds is each other.
“You’ll never get an Uber at this time on New Year’s Eve,” Sarah says. “Gabriela will stay here and keep the party going.” She stands. “Now are you in, Watson, or are you going to keep arguing and wasting valuable time?”
“Oh." Mary exhales in awe, leaning forwards in her seat. “This drive always takes my breath away. The scenery is gorgeous.”
That evening, Sherlock arrives at half seven. He apologises for being late, citing an errand he had to run, but he doesn't expand upon that.
“Alright. Fine." Object of his affection or not, it's always been very difficult to say no to Sherlock. “But what’s in it for me?"
When John releases him, it feels too soon. His mouth reforms into an enormous smile, and he continues as though nothing has happened. “You were right about the launderette.” He turns to walk to the cupboard, leaving Sherlock breathless and stunned. “However, I didn’t go to the bakery this time. In fact, I...”
Gabriela sets a hand on his shoulder. “Sit down, love. Take a moment to breathe. When you’re ready, if you want, we can talk about it.”
Sarah and John enter the lot adjacent to The Strand. There are no open spots, so Sarah pulls in next to another parked car and switches on her hazards.
No, they don't need to talk about the problem. Sherlock's figured it all out, anyway--it didn't take long for him to do so. John's jealousy isn't purely about Sherlock having a past sexual history; it's actually much simpler than that.
I took one last look at him before turning around and walking to the police station to report him. I don’t know if he even noticed me in the doorway of his lab that day.
But to be perfectly frank: as of late, there is another thing John needs. He needs to stop being boring.
Stamford is happily eating cake. “Hey, mate! You feeling alright? You look a bit flushed and out of breath."
"Geese are aggressive bastards!" Sherlock whines. “They've got serrated tongues! People have died, John!"
Before John even comprehends what’s happening, Moriarty turns to run. He's unnaturally fast; quickly making it to the corner of the house and disappearing into the shadows.
Before, he felt that he already knew what he needed to know about Sherlock. But there's an empathy that comes only from learning the truth of his past; and he aches, knowing all he’s endured. Taking the fall for a murderer—his former mentor, a man he admired for years. Faking his own death, giving up his entire life, leaving the people he loved behind. Starting over in an unfamiliar place, never knowing if or when it would all come to a grinding halt. Falling in love, despite knowing that it would have to end. Trying all he could do to keep John at a distance, but failing, only to have his worst fears become reality.
John brushes his nose against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock exhales with a shiver. “Must I remind you, Holmes, that I’m a doctor? If I’m ill at the moment, it’s likely you’ve already caught it. But we will care for one another, will we not?”
Out of nowhere, Sherlock wraps his own fingers around John’s, squeezing them lightly. He’s attempting to convey a message.
John wakes up to an empty bed. This is nothing out of the ordinary; Sherlock often awakens at dawn, leaving John to sleep in for another hour or two.
"You're probably right." John takes his hand. "I think we're off to a good start. I say we work with the current material, and come up with whatever else we need as it all unfolds. Sound good?"
"A-ha! I knew it!" Molly grins and drops her scalpel into her tray. Remaining seated in her wheeled office chair, she rolls towards him. "Tell me more!”
Sherlock’s eyes fall closed, and he inhales with what John can only guess is annoyance and an effort not to drop the bowels. “And why, John, would I do that?”
John bursts into laughter. "Bears, eh? I don't think we've got to worry about bears on African safari."
"No need to thank me." Holding Sherlock closer, John closes his eyes and presses their cheeks together. Sherlock's skin is as smooth as ivory, and he smells like merlot and the rain.
John's orgasm brings Sherlock to his own nearly immediately. He moves faster and faster and faster until the waves of unadulterated pleasure pulsate erratically into John's hand. The room falls thoroughly silent but for their own gasps and moans and sighs and mutterings of one another's names—until they've wrung one another out completely.
A grey cloud seems to suddenly appear over Sherlock’s face. “I assume he hasn't been found by the police?” he asks.
They don’t listen as Gabriela informs them that they’re meeting the others at the airport and returning to Boston on Mycroft’s jet. They don’t wait for her to stop talking; they don’t wait for her to turn on the engine and drive away. They don’t wait for her to get the point and wish them a happy reunion, quickly drawing the curtain closed that separates her seat from theirs.
When you told me you loved me, that solidified the realness of what might happen if Moriarty found out about us. And I knew that was when I would have to say goodbye.
Sherlock shrugs. “I have. It's not my fault that you don't listen half the time I'm speaking to you."
Because that’s what love is, right? It would seem so. For that, and countless other things, Sherlock loves him too.
“It’s really a minor one,” she replies. “I used to get them all the time playing basketball. No biggie.”
Nevertheless, his heart rate escalates with every second of this pornographic wrist touching, and with Sherlock's fingertips at his pulse, he must remind himself to be careful. If Sherlock only knew what was going on with John’s brain and his wrists and his knees and everything in between... well. John doesn't want him to know. John doesn’t know, for that matter.
And last but not least—Mary, wonderful Mary. She has done so much to bring himself and Sherlock together again.
"I already forgot what the question was," John lies. He remembers the question, of course; he's just buying himself some time. Because his immediate answer—"I've dreamt of
Sherlock follows John's directions without hesitation; allowing the moisture in his eyes to dampen John's sleeve. He doesn't care. He's blissed out and in love and completely exhausted. Feelings are exhausting, he thinks. Orgasms are exhausting. And being this happy...that's exhausting as well. But it's a new kind of exhaustion, laden with companionship and endorphins and John kisses, so he decides he will endure it.
The limousine pulls off the interstate into a small city where there appears to be little more than palm trees and a couple of casinos. But as they continue to drive inwards, John learns that they’re actually in the suburbs. Most of the houses there appear to be new, and eerily similar: shaped like boxes, with a single storey and brightly-painted stucco. Their front yards are adorned only with gravel and cement—it must be difficult, John realises, to keep grass growing in such blistering heat.
It takes a moment, but then John meets his eyes again. “I think that’s one of the things I like the most about you. You’re not faking it. You’re just you. And yes, you’re stubborn and pig-headed and difficult and this praise is likely to go straight to your head. But I want you to be genuinely you, with all the stubbornness and pig-headedness and difficulty that entails. I know who you are. And I don’t have to worry that you’re only showing me what you want me to see rather than who you actually are, because you’re not that kind of person.”
he shows up. And either way, cocaine has never solved any of his problems. It’s just a pathetic escape, a temporary reprieve. The weak man’s way out.
“If your dreams are as vivid as your real life, how do you know which one of them is real? And how can you tell that you’ve got it right?”
A bit of a shorter update this time. It's difficult to get work done in these times of quarantine and working from home for weeks on end, but I try to keep the updates coming out fairly regularly. I hope you enjoy this newest chapter and, as always, a deep and heartfelt thank you for reading!
But John isn’t here to save him now. Not this time. You can try to run from your demons. It might even work for a while. But they will catch up to you sooner or later, and there are no places to hide. The demons chasing him are everything and nothing. Memories, scraps of information, people in his life, even bits and pieces of his own self.
He lays it out, as cleanly and as honestly as he can manage, but to his deep mortification, he can feel tears pressing behind his eyes. He has no idea how Mary might react to this. No idea if she’ll hit him hard on the chin once or twice, gather her things and slam the door behind her. Perhaps that’s what he deserves. But deep inside he knows that he can’t bear to lose her, just as little as he can bear to lose Sherlock. That’s the pain of it.
Mrs. Hudson’s patience is unending. It’s actually quite nice to have her up here in their flat for Christmas Eve. She’s endlessly indulgent when it comes to Rosie, which takes some of the pressure from Sherlock’s shoulders while John is being creative in the kitchen. As far as Sherlock can understand, he’s trying to prepare a final batch of cookies while deciding on how much alcohol to put in the punch. He looks a tiny bit stressed, shoulders tense and hands flexing restlessly. Multitasking has never been his strong suit. Neither has cooking, though Sherlock will be the first to admit that, of the two of them, John is by far the better cook. Perhaps Sherlock shouldn’t leave it all in his hands when he so obviously can’t manage it, but they seem to have arrived at a sort of mutual silent agreement over the years that Sherlock is not of much help in a kitchen. Truth be told, he’s mostly just in the way. So Sherlock doubts that John would even want his help if he were to offer it. Instead it’s his job to look after Rosie, but Mrs. Hudson is mostly managing that by herself.
. His anger unfortunately evaporates as soon as he no longer feels his fragile emotional state being put on display, leaving him with an all too familiar loneliness. It seems to be the trademark of his existence the past many months.
He nudges Sherlock off his lap with a gentleness that’s only partly for Sherlock’s benefit. It serves just as much as a disguise for his own reluctance.
Sherlock is out cold again as quickly as he woke up. It frightens John to witness just how rapidly the switch is flipped. But his doctors, who've kept a respectful silence during Sherlock's bout of consciousness, are quick to explain that it's only to be expected. His brain will require a few days to recuperate after his prolonged unconsciousness, there's nothing unusual about this. There’s still a danger of more severe, permanent damages to his brain (a possibility that John cannot even begin to entertain at the moment, so he doesn’t), but it’s too early to tell. For now, what matters is that he woke up and will wake up again. That is all John needs to know and all he wants to hear.
“Sherlock… if there’s anything you want to talk about... I mean, ever since you woke up it’s seemed as though… and in the cab on the way home…”
as a marriage. There’s nothing ordinary or stereotypical or normal about them. John has no intention of trying to force something like that onto Sherlock. Put a label on him in that way. On
That day, the day he woke up for the first time in the hospital… he barely remembers waking up, everything had been blurry and confusing and he’d lost consciousness again so quickly that he’d barely understood what was going on. What he
Still, even acknowledging that Sherlock is the best and the wisest man that John has ever known merely scratches the surface and John isn’t sure how well Sherlock would respond to the rest of it. Hell, he isn’t even sure how well he would respond to the rest of it.
Once might be a mistake, an isolated moment of confusion. Twice is a pattern. And when the desire for a third time springs to life almost instantaneously…
Some people say that your life flashes before your eyes when you’re in a life-or-death situation. After being shot and nearly bleeding out on the second floor in a deserted and utterly derelict building outside Kandahar, John can testify to the fact that your life indeed does not flash before your eyes. Because you’re too bloody scared to think and the last thing you feel like doing while watching the blood leaving your body at an alarming rate is take a moment to reminisce about childhood fishing trips.
John is out shopping. He promised he’d get them something nice for dinner. Perhaps he’ll buy ingredients for that Thai vegetable pot with peas Sherlock is so fond of. He seems to have noticed that Sherlock always manages to finish his portion when it’s that vegetable pot.
John jolts to an upright position in bed, still mostly asleep and completely clueless about his current location. The last remnants of his dream play before his inner eye, Sherlock’s keen face beaming at him as he mutters a quiet “The game is on” before dying away at the sound of a vicious knock at the front door. Mary stirs beside him.
“Yes and no,” he replies cautiously, letting it hang in the air for a moment to judge John’s immediate response. Apart from a slight movement of his throat and Adam’s apple as he swallows and an almost invisible tightening around the mouth, he keeps quiet and still.
The screech of the heart monitor rises from overwhelming to unbearable as Sherlock’s heart rate accelerates still further. The highest spikes nearly exceed the screen’s limits.
Half an hour later, John is once again emerging from an overcrowded Waterstones onto an equally overcrowded street, holding up a bag in triumph (on second thought, he ought to have just put the new books with the ones he’s previously purchased – better for the environment, that).
Too many things lie unspoken between them. If he were to begin this conversation that they keep not having, would he be able to stop it again? So far, John hasn’t been able to bring himself to find out.
Not that there’s much for him to do at the moment other than making the final wedding preparations, including perfecting this composition. John has no time for him, not now. It’s been more than a week since he’s stopped by to visit and then it was only to retrieve a couple of things that he ended up leaving behind after sleeping a serious hangover off at the police station post stag night. Sherlock can understand that. Now that his wedding is just a few days away, of course John can’t afford to spend time solving any cases. It’s a more than acceptable excuse and, for once, Sherlock has no intention to goad John into forgetting a pressing matter at hand in favour of a case. Quite the opposite. This time, it’s John’s pressing matters that must take precedence over Sherlock’s cases.
Since then, however, John has had plenty of time to feel what Sherlock meant to him. What he still means. What he said at Sherlock’s grave – that Sherlock was the best man, the wisest man and the most human human being that he has ever known and that no one will ever convince him that Sherlock told him a lie – that had been as deep a truth as he has ever uttered and yet it had only been what he could manage to say at the time. Just the tip of the iceberg of things John wishes he had had the guts to say to his face when there was still time.
“This is how it ends. Pain. Heartbreak. Loss. Death. He makes you feel that, Sherlock. And when you feel that, you stumble. You fail. You're weak.” Jim’s voice snakes its way inside his head, reverberating, it seems, from one side of his skull to another. Like an echo in a cathedral. Does Jim even move his lips or are the sounds materialising in Sherlock’s own head?
. It makes him look smaller somehow, younger, almost like a little child. A child who’s had to face something he never could have been able to imagine and never should have had to experience.
He doesn’t mention Mary. Perhaps he’s made up his mind that he isn’t going to tell John about his suspicions, not now that he has John’s assurances. Perhaps every thought of Mary is simply swept away by a wave of emotion so strong it’s nearly choking him.
With that in mind, Sherlock’s almost immediate acceptance of Mary’s presence, her intrusion into a sphere previously containing just John and Sherlock, comes as a welcome surprise. They get along fairly well, at least that’s what John thinks. Mary thankfully isn’t put off by Sherlock’s sometimes unreasonable personality and habits. She isn’t a nuisance or a lag either, as some of John’s previous girlfriends has tended to be. Overall, Mary’s presence is more than tolerable and her growing influence on their at-home crime solving sessions has directed them towards a solution on more than one occasion.
Mary is definitely a better help than any of the therapists he went to see after Sherlock. She’s quite sensitive to his moods, quite good at deciphering exactly when he needs her to ask, when he needs her to break off his line of thought before it starts spiralling downwards and when he needs her to just let whatever he’s doing or however he’s looking pass without comment. Maybe it’s the nurse in her. Maybe it’s just the way she is. John hopes it’s the latter. He wants to be her partner, after all, not her patient. He doesn’t want her pity, doesn’t even want her care and concern. He just wants a new start.
Sherlock holds his gaze for a few seconds, seemingly challenging him to change his mind. Then he looks away again, shrugs, lets his gaze slide back to that imaginary spot in front of him that he’s been observing with keen interest for who knows how long already. His stance could not be conveyed with any more clarity.
He wasn’t really aware how fiercely he wanted it to be Sherlock or how quickly he had convinced himself that it would be en route from the bedroom to the front door. He and Mary’s next-door neighbour Kate, dressed in little more than a pyjamas and a cardigan and sobbing her heart out on their doorstep, is a rather poor replacement. John just stands there for a moment, watching her puffy eyes with not a hint of basic neighbourly decency. It takes Mary to get him moving again, get him to wipe the disappointment (mostly) off his face and invite her in. Though he opts for leaving Kate to Mary as quickly as possible and make coffee for all three of them rather than be a part of the heart-to-heart that she so obviously needs. There are limits and John knows when not to push his luck. He can’t get that damn dream off his mind.
After about an hour, Sherlock is obviously tired by the commotion even though he refuses to say so or even to admit it when John comments on the dark circles under his eyes and the general slump of his upper body. But in the presence of a doctor and a nurse, Sherlock can protest as much as he wants. John and Mary help each other to guide him, gently but firmly, towards the bedroom and nudge him into bed for a much-needed rest. Mary tucks the duvet down around his bony form despite Sherlock’s proclamation that he feels too hot – an obvious lie, judging by the colour of his lips.
“Right.” There’s a very noticeable sigh of relief from John’s side as Sherlock offers him a way out of a potentially embarrassing situation.
It’s raining. Of course it is. When half of London’s cabbies are on strike and there are delays on the Bakerloo line so he, God forbid, has to rub shoulders with depressed businessmen and hungover students and generally endure the cloying company of ordinary people in the claustrophobic enclosure commonly known as the Tube, of course it has to be raining when he finally makes it out on the other side. Mycroft would complain that the universe seems to be conspiring against him today if he did not consider himself thoroughly raised above such utter nonsense.
John’s not a stranger to his traitorous mind. It has wandered at times in the past, and in Sherlock’s presence more than ever. But it was different back then. Not good,
So... yes. Probably the most cryptic chapter so far. I hope I haven't thoroughly alienated my audience and that it's at least somewhat understandable what Sherlock is allowing Moriarty to do to him (or, rather, what he's doing to himself using the voice of Moriarty). Of course, if you've watched and remember The Final Problem, you might recognise the song and know its meaning. In which case, you know what Sherlock is actually trying to tell Mycroft here. I didn't use "the funny gravestones" as the key because it was just too complicated and nonsensical to introduce to this story, but maybe if you take note of those elements Sherlock mentions and have a wee look at the periodic table, well then... hint hint nudge nudge.
And John can cope with that, at least better than he can cope with the vague disgust at the less salubrious sides to his newfound sexual experimentation. He’s too old for it anyway, he wasn’t meant to wait this long before trying to sleep with another guy.
“Yes, what? Sherlock?” Mycroft picks up almost immediately, sounding uncharacteristically breathless, and Sherlock spots an opportunity to open on a less serious note before getting to the heart of the matter.
Sherlock is watching him quietly, seeming to judge his reaction. He’s waiting for another rejection. He doesn’t say a word, but John knows it in that moment. Understands how deeply Sherlock has been hurt and how deeply that hurt has affected him.
But then, John Watson is not like any other person he’s met in his life. The impact that John has had on his life… Sherlock has a habit of thinking about important events in his life as happening
This is what Sherlock needs to hear. An encouragement to not feel, to think rationally, to close off instead of being swept away. A reminder that caring is not an advantage and emotions make you weak. Mycroft’s tendency to use every opportunity to rub Sherlock’s emotions in his face is actually what he needs to hear sometimes. It adds much needed fuel to the parts of his brain supplying him with cold analyses and logical arguments. Spurs his less emotional side into action. So too does it work today.
doesn’t begin to cover his expression. He looks ecstatic. It’s a look Sherlock has known for several years, but it’s only now that he’s beginning to understand it. John, Mycroft and Lestrade may think what they like, it’s not an ecstasy brought about by mental instability. Not the kind of mad, unpredictable ecstasy one would expect from a consulting criminal who fixes other people’s crimes as a way to make a living. It’s much deeper than that. Sherlock has been a fool not to see it before. It’s the ecstasy Jim only gets when Sherlock and he are in agreeance. It’s the ecstasy of having searched for a compatible partner for a lifetime… and having found one. It’s an ecstasy that Sherlock is only able to understand now because it’s only now that he knows what that feels like.
focus on them no matter how hard he tries to tell himself otherwise), it’s inevitable that John eventually catches a glimpse of Sherlock’s back.
missed her, he realises, and it’s as if a small part of the universe clicks back into place at that realisation. The world hasn’t turned completely upside down.
Here I am at last with the third chapter of Icebergs! That whole posting a new chapter every month thing died pretty quickly, didn't it? I'm sorry about that, new semester can be a bit of a b-word.
crimes if that’s what you want. I want you to stop listening to your emotions because they cloud your judgement and I want you to show me how much you can do without them getting in the way. I want you to show me what Sherlock Holmes, the
“Let’s be honest, I probably should. But that’s what I did last time. I lost you, so I tried to move on. But I tried too hard too quickly and that’s how we got in this mess to begin with. And honestly… I would have taken my chance on you before now if you’d only told me then what you’ve just told me now.” John momentarily looks a little bitter. “Just one sentence. To let me know you even cared. I swear, if you’d just said one sentence to me back then, before the Fall…”
Which leaves Sherlock right where he is: in his armchair, looking between John in the kitchen and Mrs. Hudson and Rosie by the window and feeling unsure what to do with himself.
“Not now, John. I’m tired. Later,” is all he wants to say, but since John can see that Sherlock is legitimately tired and needs to rest, he lets him have his way.
. Sherlock fights hard to control the confused tangle of emotions welling up in him, the result of which is evidently unsuccessful. Moriarty, predictably, seems to notice despite Sherlock’s best efforts, smirking as he pulls John’s chair over to the sofa and settles down.
John takes a deep breath. “Look, I find it difficult. I find it difficult, this sort of stuff. You know that. But I just want you to know that I get it. What you’re doing.” Sherlock suddenly looks slightly terrified, like a little child caught with his hand halfway down the sweets jar. John scrambles to explain (and briefly wonder what exactly Sherlock has done that he knows John will not approve of when he finds out).
The blinding light is partly obscured by a familiar dark shadow. Sherlock tries to focus his gaze, make the shadows coalesce into a face. But his eyes feel a bit wrong also, a bit foreign. He’s scrambling about within his own head, little pieces of himself scattered all over the floor.
Three hours later and Sherlock finds himself sitting by the Thames, on a public bench right by Hungerford Bridge on the south bank. Jubilee Gardens are just behind him and Moriarty is right beside him. He’s pointing at one person after another moving across the vista in front of them, deducing away at them in the most rapid-fire way imaginable and encouraging Sherlock to do the same. It’s slightly cloudy and the wind is playing with his curls and with his coat, but Sherlock hasn’t felt this warm in ages. A weight seems to be lifting off his shoulders, leaving him feeling light and elated. It’s as if a bit of himself is returning. Slowly but surely, one by one, Moriarty finds the bits and pieces of Sherlock’s former abilities floating around in his head, pulls on them and reactivates them, brings them forward.
One or two heartbeats later, Sherlock finally manages to turn his swimming eyes towards his brother for a moment. Then they roll back to the other side in what could either be interpreted as an unintentional loss of control or a barely controlled yet unequivocally
He seems to take a moment to think, to make a decision. Then, slowly and uncharacteristically insecurely, with stutters and long pauses, Sherlock seems to let out what he’s been keeping locked up since the hospital.
And just like that, sidestepping everything he just said, she's backed him into that same damn corner he just tried to escape from.
Sherlock’s somersaulting stomach drops, pulling his tongue down with it. He can only swallow and wait. It feels as though John is about to read his death sentence out to him.
“No.” Sherlock returns his eyes to Mary, matching her expression with complete mastery. It’s been years since John last saw Sherlock like this. “You're right. I don’t tell him what to do. I remind him what he told you that he wanted to do, because it seems as though you didn’t hear it the first time!”
It’s not a lie though. John does miss her. He’s just missed Sherlock more. It’s been a couple of weeks since he left the flat he shares with Mary to stay at the hospital. It’s been three long years since he left the flat he used to share with Sherlock to stay anywhere but there.
“John…” he says, but then hesitates. He needs to say this. And he needs to say it right. With horrible clarity, he sees that there might never be a second chance if he messes this up now.
She seems to need to gather momentum for her next question. A sign of emotion, perhaps, but not what he’s used to seeing from Mary’s side. She isn’t usually detached in this way, she isn’t like Sherlock can sometimes be. She’s warm, she’s present, she expresses her feelings on her face and in her voice without being overly melodramatic. Now there’s just a strange, almost clinical coldness, present on her face as much as in her voice.
“You say his brain is showing clear signs of neural activity. You say it’s as if he’s asleep. That’s it, is it? He’s asleep.” He nods in the stiff, awkward manner he only uses when he’s two seconds away from exploding in seventeen directions. His lips are pressed tightly together.
Sherlock returns it as best he can, but he has a nagging suspicion that his expression might best be categorised as a slightly inept, likely lopsided grimace rather than anything resembling even an excuse for a smile.
have been in and out of 221B continuously, inquiring about Sherlock’s health, fussing about the state of the flat (which is admittedly a little less than pristine at the moment – John has had other things on his mind) and offering to help with anything and everything that might need doing. But most of them mainly seem to tire Sherlock out. Even their (well,
Moriarty reaches for his jacket and a bucket of ice water is turned upside down above Sherlock’s head.
He's so close now that Sherlock can feel Jim's hot breath caressing his cheek. What he's offering... right in this moment, it feels as though it's everything that Sherlock has ever wanted. Why should he say no? Why should he deny himself?
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, suddenly wary. “Not to seem ungrateful, but I’m not sure I can handle any more meetings with old friends. Seeing how terribly well it went with Mycroft.”
And perhaps he ought to. Why shy away? What’s the point? Sherlock has shied away from this all day without it making the smallest difference. It hasn’t stopped this wedding from happening and it hasn’t stopped Sherlock from experiencing this astute pain of loss. Why not let it all sweep over him? Why not prove to himself once and for all that
So sorry for the long wait. However, to make up for it, here is a very long chapter. I hope you're all doing well and are coping with the world and all its craziness in any way you can.
… John had never once taken the time to really think about what exactly Sherlock meant to him. All he knew was that no one mattered as much. None of his friends, none of his family, none of his girlfriends had even come close. Next to Sherlock, the rest of the world had simply left him feeling… uninterested. For a while, John had tried to maintain some sort of social independence, flirting and going on dates as often as he deemed it necessary for a single man of his age to do. He’d stopped when he realised that he actually didn’t care enough to put any real effort into making those relationships work. Though he’s reluctant to admit it, it had been as difficult for him to tell his girlfriends apart as it had been for Sherlock. That still makes John chuckle, though those memories are now mixed in with a good dose of pain.
He’s trapped. Trapped as he lies here on the sofa, the walls seeming to close in around him, the roof descending, closer and closer, pressing against his chest, suffocating him slowly but surely. Drowning him. It’s not real, he knows it isn’t, the walls and roof are in place, everything is stable and secure, but knowing it does nothing towards alleviating the feel of it. The feeling of suffocation.
Sherlock Holmes, can do. I want to see you be exceptional. Incandescent. I want the era-defining genius.”
A part of him wants to ask Sherlock about it, if nothing else then just to offer him the opportunity to share whatever it is that’s bothering him so.
John almost fools himself into thinking that things could work this way. That he and Sherlock could be this intimate in an innocent, friendly fashion and that it would be enough, allowing John to maintain his self-respect and his relationship with Mary.
As he looks around the flat, it becomes apparent that he is also alone in another way. John still isn’t here. In a way, it disappoints him that John is taking his time. He said he would hurry, didn’t he? The sun is already visible as a thin line between the curtains. Why isn’t he here already? On the other hand, when John
And no matter how badly Sherlock wishes he could fall apart without Jim, no matter how badly he just wants to fuck it all and cry and scream and do drugs and possibly even go back into a coma if that’s what it fucking takes to return to Jim, there John is and there John remains, by his side, stubbornly refusing to let him fall apart.
“What’s happening with me and Mary, it doesn’t change… when you were gone… what you and I have, that’s…”
He would never lie to John just to keep him. It would be unthinkable, perverse, absurd and, incredibly, it doesn’t seem to be necessary. Why John seems to want him just the way he is when the rest of the world are all but tripping over one another to tell him off at every opportunity remains a mystery to Sherlock, but if John considers him worthy of his affection, so help him, he will not let John down. He will be here, for as long as John wants him to be, and he will do everything in his power to prove himself worthy of the trust John is placing in him. To fail in that… that’s what Sherlock will not allow no matter what. What there is nothing in this world he would not do to prevent.
Perhaps he’s deduced where John is going with this. He’s piercing John with his eyes. It has all the intensity of a glare, but he thankfully refrains from placing any actual animosity there. He can tell John means well, then, even if he’s most definitely trying to deter him from pursuing this any further.
Sherlock hums softly in response. He’s placated and follows Jim out of the car without further protest, receiving a hand in his and a light squeeze on the way as a reward.
Sherlock glances up at John out of the corner of his eye, managing to look more than a little guilty, and John’s heart constricts in his chest. John has seen enough of Sherlock’s expressions to say with confidence that Sherlock, as limited as he often is in his communication, often manages to say more with one look than many people can express in words. This one is Sherlock’s way of wordlessly saying
A slight smirk appears on Jim’s face and he steps closer, placing an arm around Sherlock’s waist and leaning in from behind, whispering in his ear with that deep, enthralling voice of his. “I just told you.” There’s something about it that makes Sherlock feel warm and comfortable, somewhere between wrapping oneself in a warm blanket and something decidedly more prohibited.
But it would have been wrong to let John stay out of sheer pity. No matter how much Sherlock might’ve taken advantage of John’s pity in the past, that dynamic has been explored one too many times by now. It had to stop. It’s never ever been what Sherlock wanted. John is not his caretaker, not his overseer, not even his doctor. John has his own life now, his own home, his own wife. John should be exactly where he wants to be, spend his time exactly where and with whom he wants. Not feel forced to sit by and play doctor as his unforgivably weak excuse of a friend slowly crumbles to pieces in his hands.
It doesn’t take much to get him going either. A smile, a laugh, no more than a certain look, a certain sparkle in Sherlock's eyes.
Reuploaded to add what should have been the beginning of the third chapter. I just felt that it fitted in better here. I've decided to make the chapters longer from here on out, which might mean that new chapters will take longer in coming out. I apologise for that.
“You know it’s not real, don’t you, Sherlock? Everything he’s telling you, everything he’s promising you that you can become… it’s not real. It never was.”
Then there are the other things lying unspoken between them, whether it would be wise to talk about them or not. The realisations that John had the night before Sherlock’s overdose have been shoved resolutely in the background by everything that followed. John has done his best to pay no further attention to them, to simply chalk them up to late night anxieties and a post-marriage identity crisis. Both perfectly normal responses given his current age and romantic status and therefore perfectly understandable and acceptable.
John risks a quick glance in Sherlock’s direction. Sherlock is looking at them. He saw. Of course he did. And John imagines that he catches a brief glimpse of hurt in Sherlock’s eyes. But it’s gone behind a mask of calm indifference almost before he has a chance to register its presence.
