Dean wants to ask where Cas learnt to dirty talk like this, learnt to
And, for just a moment, nothing else matters.
Cas snatched the bottle from Dean's hands and took a swig. It was warm and cheap, and it burnt a track down his throat as it went. And then he started shouting right back. His anger rising in him like poison and it felt good to extract it, to free himself of the irritation that usually itched below the skin, just out of scratching range.
Cas looks a sight. Hair mussed, lips kiss-swollen, face warm and delightfully flushed. And those eyes. Those beautiful blue eyes. “I love you,” Cas tells him, and he looks so free as he says it, so weightless. Dean can’t quite believe he’s the one that put that look on his face.
There was once a time when Cas had threatened to throw Dean back into Hell if he hadn't been shown respect, and Dean had blanched at the mere suggestion. Back then Hell had been fresh and it had been easy to play on the memories. Cas would never had done it, would never have dared. Dean had been too important to the Plan, though he hadn't been informed as to why. And above all else, Dean had been too important to him.
‘I miss you.’
Dean nods, lifting the lids of the old, beaten up green cooler that’s still filled with beers. ‘Donna reckons she and Jody won’t get in til closer to eleven,’ he tells her, holding out a bottle to the two of them. ‘And Sammy’s unlikely to get here before midday because of how many bathroom breaks that car-full’s gonna need.’
Dean's blunt nails scrape against Cas' wrist and he pulls him in closer. Pulls him over the Trap and inside the circle of angel blood. "
"Want you," Dean breathes against the hollow of Cas' neck.
He drops his grip on Cas' wrists, nuzzles back in to those delightful hip bones, relishing in the light pink marks that now pattern all over them and then Dean's taking Cas' cock back in his mouth and humming contentedly all the way down. He doesn't even flinch as he deep throats a couple of times before pulling back, swirling his tongue over the head and coming away with a pop. “Damnit Dean,” Cas bites out, til Dean's mouthing at Cas' balls and fisting his dick in a tight grip.
He takes Cas’ hand.
After what feels like forever in the silent, snow covered car, but is probably only three minutes, Cas seems to take pity on him and sighs. "There's a new bottle of whiskey half underneath your seat."
"C'mon," Dean says, turning away from the grave and heading down the slippery path towards the place he'd parked the Impala.
Dean's merciless, desperate. His grip at Cas' hips slides from the lube and he growls in frustration.
How can Dean tell him? How can Dean look his little brother in the eye and tell him that he chased away their best friend? How can he admit that once again he'd ruined everything? That he really was poison.
Number five hundred and fifty eight kissed him through bloody lips, fists bunched in to Cas' trench coat. Yet another long and arduous setback Naomi had had to smooth over.
‘I’m trying.’ He sounds pathetic. He sounds like a child. He just wishes there wasn’t such a crushing weight on him any longer.
They remain that way for a long time, Cas gently mapping out the curves of Dean's face with his fingertips, breathing each other in. It's the most intimate Dean has allowed himself to be with another person and what floors him the most is that it doesn't frighten him.
like this, but he’s not convinced his mouth would even be able to form more than single syllables right now, not when the only words that seems to want to pass his lips are, “Yes,” and “Fuck,” and “More. More.
- each time. "You could help," Cas mutters, his breath ghosting across Dean's sweat-slick skin.
And then Dean took a step backwards, ambled towards the discarded bottle of whiskey. Cas watched him go, a silhouette shifting through the shadows. Watched him as he downed the dregs of the whiskey and then stared at the bottle, clearly personally offended when he realised it was empty. Watched as Dean threw the bottle across the room, took out a rather ugly looking lamp in the process and then fell down into a slump on the edge of the bed.
He tuts when Cas hisses, then without warning, his broad hands are on Cas' chest and back and he's popping the joint back in to place.
“Cas-” he starts and then falters. What exactly is he supposed to say?
Guilt shuffles through his system. The part of him that sounds like Cas says, ‘She’s right you know.’ And he does. He really does. Jody’s gone to the mat swinging for them before. The least he owes her is a text to let her know he’s still carrying on carrying on. ‘Okay, okay. Consider me suitably chastised. Now, what do you need help with?’
Eventually his voice returns to him, but all he can manage to say is, “Well.
Unbidden, a memory of his room in the bunker, holding out a cassette tape, their fingers barely touching. ‘It’s a gift. You keep those.’
“Leaving you,” he says. “Letting the Empty take me. I- I wanted you to live. I wanted you to find happiness. I-”
He's broadcasting loudly. Cas hadn't tuned in to angel radio for a long time, but in such a confined space with a Winchester who's brain was screaming for the ground to swallow him whole... well, Cas could hardly tune that out.
“Fuck, Cas.” Every inch of his body feels fever-hot and tingly as Cas starts to pepper kisses down his chest. Dean has about half a second to prepare before the wet, hot heat of Cas’ mouth is sinking down his cock. “Fuck,
Dean kisses the smile from Cas’ lips, once again relishing the fact that he’s allowed to do this now. And because he’s a fucking sap, he pulls away, catches Cas’ eye and says once more, “I love you.”
Dean pulls Cas away from the group, knots his fingers into his hair and kisses the breath right out of him. He starts soft and slow, needy and possessive. And Cas clings to him, hand gripping tight on Dean’s left bicep. First place. Last place. ‘I love you,’ Cas breathes right into Dean’s mouth and his heart hammers hard against his ribcage. He will never tire of hearing those three words. The first time was too terrifying to mention, but now, with the decade of distance, Dean just clings to his husband, a hand splayed across Cas’ heart. There’s a hand print right there: shaped just like Dean’s. The scar on Cas’ chest and the renewed one on Dean’s arm was the price they had to pay to bring Cas back to him. Dean’d willingly pay it a hundred times over.
‘Think everyone’s heading this way this year.’ There’s a bark near the water and Dean turns towards it, unable to keep the softness from his face and deciding that really, after ten years, he really doesn’t need to.
He wakes the next day, mouth foul, throat raw, sheets drenched in sweat. His knuckles are bruised, bloody, swollen. His whole body aches, shakes.
Dean on the other hand, is utterly wrecked. He pushes his hips back so he meets each of Cas' thrusts with a choked off moan and the sight of his ass taking Cas' cock is the single hottest thing he's ever seen.
Cas sucks Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth before asking what is possibly the hottest question known to man: “Do you think you’re ready for more?”
Something fiercely protective warms him, spreads from his chest down to his fingertips. ‘I’m glad, kid.’
He licks him clean, swallowing the salty tang down and then pulls back and out gently. His hand on Cas' hip is the only thing keeping him upright. Dean nuzzles in again and Cas shakes violently at his touch, his body hyper sensitive and trembling. “Mine,” Dean breathes, mouthing over Cas' hip bones again. And he'll deny it if Cas ever tries to mention it again, he'll punch him in the face and tell him he's a filthy, stoned liar, but right now, right this minute he doesn't give a shit.
Right on cue, his body gives an involuntary shiver.
. Just like the first time. The brightest, most beautiful thing in the darkest place imaginable.”
His fingers scramble to the flesh of Cas’ forearms as pleasure sweeps through his gut and it’s embarrassing really, how quickly Cas has got him to this point. Because oh yeah, apparently Cas knows all about twisting his wrist just-so when he reaches the sensitive head of Dean’s cock.
trench coat, Dean thinks bitterly. Not like the trench coat that actually mattered).
Naomi had picked up the discarded angel blade, forced it into Castiel's already bloody hand and driven it in to not-Dean's chest.
‘I did wonder why my presence was no longer as exciting to Miracle.’
Cas catches his fingers in his free hand, holds them tight and brings his hand to his lips, a feather-light kiss to his palm. “Never,” Cas says.
"Fuck you," Cas mutters.
“What?” He pulls back, hands trailing from Cas’ back to rest on his hips.
With every layer he strips away, Cas bends down to kiss at newly exposed patches of skin. He sucks bruises into Dean's collarbone, mouths gently at the crease of Dean's right elbow, licks the sweat from behind Dean's ear until Dean's whole body is
‘You done with the old jokes yet?’
Cas' breath burns in his lungs from the exertion, his body feels wired and exposed, a swirl of pleasure and a splash of violence, readying itself to blow.
Cas’ gaze softens and he cards his fingers through Dean’s hair, tilting him forwards until he can kiss the crown of his head. “I did,” Cas says gently, and Dean’s thankful he doesn’t deny it. “But I gained so, so much more in return.”
"That's nice of you to say, Dean, but -"
From the corner of his eye, Dean catches sight of the moonlight reflecting off the bottle as Cas brings it to his lips and drains a large measure. He smacks his lips afterwards and hands the bottle back over to Dean. "Tastes like molecules," he says firmly.
Dean's smile falters slightly and he sinks back into his seat, looking straight ahead again. "Way to kill the mood, dude," he mutters, drumming his fingers against the steering wheel.
'Jeez Cas, buy a guy dinner first.' The words are out of his mouth before he can stop them. Age old reflexes to deflect his feelings. 'Shit,' he drops his face into his hands to hide the redness spreading across his cheeks. 'Shit, I'm sorry. You, you know me. I can't - I never know how to deal with -' he waves a hand between them, his voice failing him.
Dean makes a non-committal sound and says, "Clear as day." Cas hums. "Why'd you ask?"
Cas is the one that breaks the silence. 'You should sleep,' he says gently, finally inching back from Dean.
‘Call her,’ phantom-Cas tells him, plants his feet firmly on the floorboards and stands. ‘She’ll make you feel better.’
Cas bites his lip. “Were you set upon by four demons down in the bar?”
“S'okay Cas,” Dean mumbles, pulling off his cock for a few seconds to gulp down a lungful of air. He pushes his fingers all the way in and Cas' knees buckle. Dean splays his free hand across Cas' hip, licks the slit of Cas' cock and breaths, “You can come now,” before sucking back down again, taking him all the way into his throat and then Cas' is coming, hard and hot, his ass clenching and spasming around Dean's fingers.
In the many times Dean has thought about this exact moment, not once did he expect the gentleness. Who could blame him? He and Cas sift through their shit with their fists, air their grievances with blood and violence. This was meant to happen at the crescendo of an ugly fight, where angry words were tossed back and forth like knives, where they'd revel in the blows they land against the other until words would be replaced with tongue and teeth.
And whilst Dean is breathless and reeling, Cas gently removes his fingers, quickly lubes up his dick and pushes in to Dean's inviting hole.
There's a shimmer in the air and Dean feels clean and dry all of a sudden. Definitely some perks to sleeping with an angel. Cas leans in to Dean heavily, pressing his forehead into the crook of his neck. "I don't deserve your love," Cas whispers.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says pleasantly.
Cas doesn’t seem to know how else to respond to that, just gathers Dean into his arms and holds him tight. Dean closes his eyes and burrows his face into the crook of Cas’ neck. He smells warm and soft from sleep, of bitter coffee and
‘Are you the part of my brain that believes I deserve happiness?’
?!” he repeated, letting out a bitter laugh. “You're the one that broke first.”
It helped that they had a hidden ace up their sleeves. Gadreel was an untrustworthy ally, but he had whole heartedly shrugged out of Metatron's clutches. Not that the aforementioned angel had any idea, though there was still time for the half cocked plan to go terribly wrong.
Dean casts him a bitch face Sam would be impressed by and Cas feels his mood momentarily darken at the thought of the younger Winchester.
Through the haze of pleasure and codeine, and the soundtrack of their panted breathing in the darkness of the cabin, Cas confesses, "Love you like this," in a whisper.
Blunt nails scratched down Cas' spine, caught against half-healed scrapes and grazes. Cas' eyes rolled back in his head a little at the sensation and he retaliated by dragging his teeth across exposed collarbone, earlobe, jaw... biting down onto Dean's bottom lip so hard that he could taste the iron tang of blood.
He lurches from his bed, ignoring the hangover that wants to empty his stomach acid into the nearest toilet. He reaches the spot he remembers being the night before, where he’d contemplated swallowing a bullet before Cas had stopped him.
He licks across the seam of Cas' mouth and is rewarded with warm, wet tongue, and Cas' teeth grazing at his kiss-swollen bottom lip. He's not entirely sure where to put his hands. Part of him is desperate to drag the clothes from Cas' body and part of him wants to knot his fingers into Cas' dark tresses.
"Resign yourself to death."
just pouring right out of him with each roll of their hips. His cock weeps between their trapped bodies, chasing more friction than the position allows and he guides one of Cas’ hands there, desperate for more, desperate for
Cas lifts one of the mugs to his lips, humming a satisfied little sound, the steam ghosting over his cheeks. Dean props himself on an elbow and watches him. “You only saying that because I brought you coffee?” There’s no real bite to the deflection, even if he wishes he hadn’t said it. Sometimes life-long habits are hard to break. Instead of saying anything else equally stupid, Dean simply hooks his chin onto Cas’ shoulder and reaches around to lift his own coffee mug from the side table.
Dean tilts his head to the side and brings their mouths crashing back together, darting his tongue back in to Cas' mouth and tasting the birth of the universe behind his teeth. Dean ruts up, chasing the slow burn of friction, and groans in to Cas' mouth, "Pants off. Now."
‘No reason,’ Cas says and it’s a boldfaced lie.
‘To my family.’ Jack’s eyes are bright with tears. They drink.
Cas squeezes his eyes shut at the hot heat of Dean's ass enveloping him and sends a quick prayer of thanks to his drug habit for ensuring his champion stamina.
"M'sorry Cas," Dean says and Cas doesn't quite understand.
He can only respond with an open-mouthed kiss, too overwhelmed to even make a sound. He clings to Cas, fingers tugging on Cas’ hair and legs locked tightly around Cas’ waist. It’s like he can’t get close enough, wants to draw him ever-nearer. It dawns on him as Cas begins to fuck into him - slow but deep, tender but hard, barely pulling out before rocking back in - that he has never allowed himself to be this vulnerable before, never allowed anyone to see him, all of him, the good, the bad and the really fucking ugly. But Cas does. Cas always has.
He glances around his room frowning. He’d been curled up in bed in nothing but an old black tee and a pair of boxer briefs. He has no recollection of how he got here. Last he remembers, he was out in the yard with…
Dean stops his gentle kisses, pulls back and frowns at Cas. “First of all: no need to sound so surprised. Second: rude.”
Now there's an ugly brand marring Dean's arm, gouged and scarred and burnt to his skin, an intricate mess of a sigil. A binding sigil.
Dean’s cock is leaking against his stomach, flush and aching, and he rolls his hips to seek some semblance of friction. There’s none to be found, but the movement draws Cas’ finger in deeper, fully inserted now and fuck fuck
His mouth has been everywhere, has mapped the body in front of him with soft kisses and teasing fingers. “Mine,” he breathes again, tightening his grip on Cas' hips. “Mine.”
Cas’ weight on him is perfect, is everything he’s ever wanted and more. The gentle slide of slick warm skin and feather light kisses ignites the blood in his veins. He feels completely swamped by Cas, his body, his hands, his mouth, are all everywhere all at once, and Dean ruts his hips up. Their cocks slide together again.
protect you.’ And it’s too much, much too much, his orgasm building low in his gut, pressure and pleasure coiling tight ready to spring free. ‘Come for me, my beloved.’
“More,” he growls, he whimpers. “
And then his weight is gone and Cas feels cold and shivery.
Dean presses his mouths to Cas', hands still gripping at his wrists fiercely.
The him in the middle of the room is clinging to the front of Cas’ trench coat, shouting, ‘Damnit Cas, we can fight this.’
"No," Cas breathes, gentle kisses at the corner of Dean's mouth. "No this is good for me too."
And there it is, that desperate,
, wrapping his lips around the head of Cas’ cock and swirling his tongue.
this, owed this. They both are. ‘To Team Free Will two-point-oh,’ Dean says, to his brother, to his husband, to his son. Sam, Cas and Jack raise their bottles together and cheers, glass clinking.
“Don’t think I don’t remember the hooker, Cas.”
Cas had offered to drive right on past his rendezvous with Dean to heal up the younger Winchester, but Dean had shook his head and said it did their immune systems good to get ill once in a while. He nudged Cas with an elbow and thanked him all the same. Dean wasn't gonna shout it from the rooftops, but he knew Cas still wasn't in great shape, what with the stolen Graces burning him out, and Dean wasn't about to push Cas further down the road to death, just to get him or Sam over a little inconvenience like the flu.
Cas starts to kiss his way down Dean’s neck, sucks a bruise to the jut of his collarbone, keeps a tight grip on Dean’s hip. He presses reverent kisses to the anti-possession tattoo over his heart before rolling a nipple between his teeth. Dean feels Cas smirk against his skin as he shivers at the sensation.
‘See, I figured you’d know, on account of you being ancient.’
He puts a hand around Cas’ wrist and eases his hand away from his cock. Surging forwards he darts his tongue into Cas’ mouth, quick and filthy, before kissing his way to Cas’ ear and whispering, “Want you in me.”
One angel, standing alone for the glory of God and the good of the Heavenly Host; it was a good story, Metatron was right, but it was also a pack of lies.
And that’s what does it. Heat zeroes in on his gut, his balls draw up and his orgasm punches out of him as he gasps Cas’ name, over and over. Tears finally start falling as he clings to him, riding through the waves of pleasure zinging through his system. With a stifled gasp, Cas’ whole body goes tense as he follows Dean over the edge.
“No more molecules?”
did it, Jack.’
She laughs, resting her hand across the slight swell of her belly. ‘Gluttons for punishment, I think,’ she tells him, leaning up to hug him tightly. There are many things he wants to say to her - to Sam - but he holds his tongue because he knows there’s no point whilst he holds her tight. ‘It’s a boy,’ she adds into his ear. ‘Found out yesterday.’
So Dean doesn't give him the chance. He covers the distance between the two of them in two long strides, places a calloused hand around the exposed skin of Cas' throat, rests the other on Cas' right hip, and lines his body up against the other man's slightly slimmer frame. Cas leans back into him, dropping his head back onto Dean's shoulder and grinding his ass back into Dean's groin.
Cas had helped Chuck back to his cabin, got him laying down in the dark room, had handed him a bottle of Jack and clapped him on the shoulder. “My father is an asshole,” Cas said by way of apology and left the Prophet to rest.
Dean pants, desperately trying to tug lungfuls of air into his system, his heart racing, as he watches Cas methodically unbuckle his belt. He pauses, looking down at himself before saying, "I'm not entirely sure how this is going to work." His voice is utterly wrecked.
Claire stops short, arms full with a misshapen duffle which Kaia relieves her of so that Dean can reel her into his arms and give her a bone crushing hug. Claire grumbles against his shoulder but in that playful way of hers that means no matter how much she complains she doesn’t actually mind. She hugs him back just as tightly before stepping back to say, ‘So, we’re first this year, huh?’
Cas' hand shot out and wrapped around Dean's wrist. And, dragging out the last dregs of his angelic strength, Cas anchored him there. Because no. Dean didn't get to run away this time because it would help absolutely no one.
,’ Cas gasps in awe, almost as surprised to have found Dean’s prostate as Dean is at the sensation that little bundle of nerves is igniting in his body. Cas shifts his fingers again and that same rush of light floods Dean’s body, static in his brain.
.” On instinct his fingers knot through Cas’ hair and he fights the urge to thrust up into Cas’ inviting mouth. Not that Cas would mind, he thinks, given just how deeply he’s taking him down. He groans, pulls on Cas’ hair and says, “Cas, buddy, repeating my earlier statement. Keep this up and I’m gonna come.”
When he stops, he withdraws the blade from inside his coat. It's ugly, made from the jawbone of some long dead animal. Abaddon doesn't seem all that surprised that he's got it, it was probably rattling around inside Dean's head when she possessed him. "Don't insult me," Abaddon says. "Even if you could weild the blade to full power, don't bother threatening to kill Dean. We both know you don't have it in you." She twists his face into a horrific grin. "Not like you haven't tried before. Thrown a fair few punches at this pretty pretty face. Huh-" she cocks his head to one side and taps at his temple. "Well what do you know? Dean reckons you'll do it, without the slightest hesitation."
His sweaty forehead presses into Cas' damaged shoulder a his hips lose their rhythm momentarily as he reaches down and knots his fingers through Cas' own.
Dean lets his eyes trail around the room, skirt over the discarded pair of panties hanging from a glass lampshade on the dresser, slide over the rumpled and stained looking sheets, and settle on a particularly dark bruise that's been sucked into Cas' collarbone. “You've been busy,” Dean says scathingly and he knows, God he knows that if Cas gets the chance to turn round then he'll be smirking and ratty and acting like the general ass he's become since his wings got ripped.
And Dean feels like he's flying. Warmth bleeds in to him from where Cas' mouth meets his and through his partially closed eyes he can see the swirl of blue-white smoke pouring from the angel. He wants to push Cas away, force him to stop wasting his precious precious Grace on
The angel groans into his mouth, and it's a filthy sound, something keening and unholy that sends blood rushing down Dean's body. Encouraged by the breathy sounds issuing from between Cas' teeth, Dean shoves at the suit jacket until Cas is shaking his arms out of them. He breaks the kiss momentarily to dip his head and fumble with the buttons of his shirt.
“But now?”
like to witness a woman writhe on top of him or see him with his lips wrapped around another guy's cock. He swallows down the thought and tramples into the room frustratedly throwing the damn beads to one side, half ready to drag whoever else is there away, to shove them down the steps and bark orders for them to sober the fuck up, because this is an apocalypse and he can't have a bunch of stoned hippies as the only line of defence against a rabid hoard of Croats.
He licks upwards until he's enveloping Cas' cock in his mouth again, trailing his fingers down over Cas' entrance, which gives with little resistance. Frantic noises bubble from Cas' mouth as his hips stutter forwards and his legs tremble violently on either side of Dean. And he smirks cause
Cas rocks against him, a solid warmth making every inch of his body hum happily. He slides his hands down to Cas hips, stroking the pad of his thumb across the hard press of bone, and can't wait to one day bite bruises in to that unblemished skin... Well, if this winds up being more than a one time thing...
They're quiet again for a little while after that, Cas acquiescing to passing the bottle back and forth, letting the newly open bottle descend down past the halfway drunk mark. "Do you remember it?" Cas asks suddenly.
, it feels so good. The stretch, the warmth, the weight of it has Dean humming in delight, his own cock leaking against his boxer briefs.
Cas' eyes grow dark and he shakes his head. "It's unimportant, Dean."
Chest tight. Can’t breathe. Can’t get enough air in his lungs.
Every nerve is on fire, every sensation igniting through Dean’s system, lighting up behind his eyelids. He comes with Cas’ name on his lips and Cas follows him over the edge, forehead pressed between Dean’s shoulder blades, mouth panting hot breaths against sweat-slick skin.
Cas pushes to his feet and extends his hand to Dean. 'For as long as you need,' Cas tells him. 'For as long as you want.'
Dean struggles with words. He feels like he really should be saying something, but he can't quite get his brain to cooperate and now too much time seems to have passed. The silence is awkward again and for want of nothing better to do, Dean takes yet another mouthful of whiskey and hands the bottle back over to Cas.
‘Look at me,’ he says. An order. Dean doesn’t. ‘Please?’ Cas’ hand is on his cheek, guides Dean’s gaze up to meet his.
Cas let out a growl that was drowned out by the thunder, snapped his hips back and then slammed into Dean harder. Cas repeated the motion, his grip on Dean's hips painful, keeping him in place as he fucked into him, slowly and deeply.
It doesn’t take Cas long to settle back between Dean’s parted thighs, fingertips ghosting across hypersensitive skin as he shuffles closer til his knees press against the swell of Dean’s ass. And he should feel vulnerable, should feel too exposed but there’s that smile lighting up Cas’ face that makes it so easy for Dean to hook his ankles together and drag Cas even closer. Cas’ cock drags a trail of precome up Dean’s length and it feels just like sin.
“I love you, Cas,” he breathes, his hands trailing patterns down Cas’ sides. And he knows where this is going, knows the route he’s planning to take even if he’s not got a roadmap to follow. It’s been so long since he’s slept with anyone, let alone blown them, but just the thought of it pools warmth into Dean’s gut, ricochets excitement up his spine.
The news had reached them half hour ago, when Chuck had fallen down the front steps of his cabin, clutching at his head like it was being cleaved apart. He was babbling incoherently in between swallowed screams, half sobbing that Sam was in Detroit –
Dean pushes against the edge of the Trap, his claws his fingers down it and screams Cas' name again.
With shaking hands, Dean pushes his boxers down, kicking them off the end of the bed before dropping his hips down. The first brush of his cock against the saliva-wet skin of Cas’ almost has him coming right there. He breathes hard through his nose and guides Cas’ mouth back to his own.
He nods, no longer trusting his voice to respond like a functional human. Cas is barely round the corner before Dean huffs out a bitter, 'Well done, Winchester.' He scrubs a hand down his face, his eyes still focused on the spot where he watched the trench coat disappear out of sight, his mind awash with memories.
And then he’s rolled back off of Dean, stealing the comforter as he goes, leaving Dean flushed and cold.
He makes a non-committal noise, tilts his eye towards Cas and tries to work his tongue around the question that chokes him. He draws his bottom lip between his teeth and settles on a different question instead. “Were there, uh, any others?”
The flush creeps back across Dean's skin. He knew too. He always knew.
Terror seeps out of Cas - when had he even started to panic? -  and he finds he's nodding.
"Sheesh," Dean mutters. "I'll take that as a no then." He pushes away from the wheel and for the first time, feels the cold that's beginning to slip through the cracks in the car. "Great, didn't anticipate dying from hypothermia in a snowed in car with a grumpy ass angel."
Strap in fellas. It's about to get fun.
Dean's hands still and become exceptionally careful as he gets to Cas' bad shoulder. He skims the flesh around it, marking out Cas' shoulder blade with the side of his palm and testing Cas' reactions to a hand against the tender muscle. Dean takes this exact moment to lean down, mouth at the pulse point of Cas' neck and grind his cock against the swell of Cas' ass.
There's a knife in Dean's hands.
,” straight into his open mouth.
There’s a rumble just up the road and Dean turns in time to see the gleaming, cherry red motorbike pull up and for Kaia to jump off the back and shake out her hair from under her helmet. ‘Still driving that death trap then?’ he calls out as Claire kicks the break and swings off the bike as well.
There's nothing particularly special about any of them, Dean thinks, taking a swig from bottle of whiskey. They all more or less look the same. Sweat slick skin, flushed and bleary-eyed, loose limbed and looking thoroughly well fucked.
He pulls into a Gas’n’Sip some 24 hours later to fill the tank and grab some snacks for the road. He’s got a six-pack under his arm and a handful of candy bars like he’s not pushing 40. They all smash across the linoleum when he catches sight of the dark haired cashier out of the corner of his eye. Same stupid blue vest as every other goddamned gas stop across the country. Same stupid blue vest he once watched Cas shrug out of into nothing but a white cotton dress shirt, skin of his neck exposed so temptingly, begging for the soft brush of lips against his warm skin.
‘Why the questions then?’ He knows he shouldn’t feel so defensive but unfortunately the night after carving the sigils still feels raw. He stamps that train of thought down; Cas is there, solid and real and
Dean pauses briefly, navigating through the tables, still trying not to drop several bags of peanuts and pretzels all across the floor. ‘Hmm?’ It takes several seconds to register what Cas had asked, then he’s looking over to the former angel, his face warming.
‘Where did you find this Enochian?’
‘I don’t understand.’
'Maybe you would've been better off just leaving me in Hell.'
And that feels like a punch to the stomach because he'd promised him. He'd sung praises of the Lord and soothed the smoke from Dean's soul and he had promised him never again. "Dean," Cas says, a note of warning in his voice.
Dean stills. Holds his breath and Cas' stomach drops out from under him.
He resolves to string this out as much as he possibly can. Works Dean open as slowly and as carefully as the hunter usually does him. Even when Dean pants and begs for
‘Why?’
Number seventy-nine had spat ugly words.
"No shit, Sherlock," Dean mutters. "Wait, what are you doing?" Dean's voice seems to have climbed up a notch as he watches Cas shrugging out of his trench coat (not
And where a minute before Dean had felt warm and flushed, he now feels ice cold, his stomach dropping out. “Cas-”
Cas lavishnesses his neck with peppered little kisses and bites bruises in to the sensitive skin of his collarbone and Dean should hate exposing vulnerable parts of himself, but it doesn't feel like that. Not really. Not with Cas.
Dean wants to know what Cas would look like, sound like, taste like, if he were to suck his cock. Wants to know the noises he would make, how tight he would feel, if he were to work Cas open with slicked up fingers - would he shudder and gasp and curse and beg?
“You can,” he confesses, forehead pressed to Cas’ shoulder, eyes closed in an approximation of prayer. “We can.”
’,” he quotes, pitching his voice so low he sounds like he just gargled gravel from the parking lot.
Cas' smile is blinding, open and warming all by itself. Together, they manage to kick his pants to the floor before Dean lifts his hips up to drag his own pair down too.
He settles back low, pressing gentle kisses into the soft skin of Dean’s stomach and thighs, whilst his fingers trail patterns down the crease of his groin and swell of his ass. He sweeps the feather-light touch of a single knuckle over Dean’s hole, noses just below his sac and draws his balls into his mouth one at a time, a slight draw of warmth that has his toes curling.
‘I, uh.’ Dean’s tongue suddenly feels twice its normal size. Words are
Usually Cas would've made a smart remark, would've let filth drip from his mouth because that's what his other bedfellows have gotten off on. Instead he licked his way into Dean, opening him up with calculating fingers and the blunt sweep of tongue, until Dean was moaning Cas' name so loudly he almost drowned out the thunder.
"Dean?"
Tingles shiver down Dean’s spine, his mouth waters at the hard line of Cas’ erection pressing into the cleft of his ass. ‘Yes.’
Cas barely has time to think before Dean is pulling out of him carelessly and is nudging him up the bed with a forehead against his butt.
Sam sighs, resigned. He lets go. 'He's not coming back, is he?'
Cas' gaze softens. 'Jack would've liked that, I'm sure.'
Dean tightens his arms around Cas and buries his face in Cas neck. "No," he mumbles into the angels skin. "Unless this is uncomfortable."
“We should clean up,” he says, blinking up at the ceiling and not making a single attempt to move.
A thousand times over in fact.
‘I’m breaking it.’ He takes another swig of whiskey and his stomach turns. He ignores it.
The air reeks of sulphur and there's black coiled around Dean's core and pouring from his eyes. Too familiar.
(See the end of the chapter for
His cock leaks pre-come against his stomach, and he licks dry lips and
"It'll take time," she cooed, "but we have plenty of it."
But the mood is broken when Cas’ stomach gives an audible grumble. Dean laughs, kisses Cas’ cheek sweetly and says, “C’mon, Sunshine. I’ll make pancakes.”
He's back by Cas in a flash after that, kneeling down in front of him and pressing a tender kiss to his lips. The kiss speaks volumes more than what Dean might ever be able to form in to words. It tells tales of relief and sighs sonnets of love as he licks his way into Cas' mouth. He kneads his hands into Cas' thighs, and touches their foreheads together. The silence says, I can't loose you, not like that, not now, not ever, and Cas reaches out with his good hand and cards his fingers through Dean's short tresses. "I know," he whispers, because it's the truth. He always knows. To him, Dean Winchester is an open book, written in a language only he could ever hope to understand.
Dean settles on sliding one hand under the jacket, and twisting the other hand into Cas' hair, pulling Cas towards him across the front seat.
"Don't you dare," Dean hisses, pointing an angry finger in Cas' direction. "I'm gonna hear enough 'I told you so's' from Sammy, I don't wanna hear them from you too."
Michael rattles against the door. He closes his eyes and leans forwards. And Cas... Cas meets him part way. They don't kiss, they daren't. but their foreheads touch and for just a second, Dean can breathe. He tilts his head slightly, brushes his nose against Cas' and is awash with so much grief.
"Okay," Cas breathes into his mouth. It should feel hollow, nothing more than an empty lie, but there's something about Dean - who's pulse is racing beneath his fingertips - that makes him think maybe he's telling the truth.
Another flicker of lightning that caught the shiny skin of the Cas' own hand print burnt into Dean's arm, and he mouthed a soft kiss against it, whispering, “It's okay, it's okay.”
Cas smiles against his lips. ‘I like the sound of that,’ he says, a soft spark lighting up those blue, blue eyes. And it could almost be Grace, but it’s not because it’s
. Awesome.’
'This is why I couldn't say goodbye. You know that right?' His voice is barely a whisper.
'I still am an angel, Dean.'
And before he can do much else, it’s Cas’ hand that slides between the pair of them, wrapping his fingers around them both and giving an experimental pull. “Oh fuck,” Dean hisses, dropping his forehead against Cas’ shoulder, his eyes darting down to watch their cocks sliding together. On instinct, he moves his own hand over Cas’, desperate to feel the pair of them. Their fingers tangle together, their bodies find a sweet rhythm, and Dean’s breathing is a desperate, needy sound, panted raggedly into Cas’ waiting mouth.
Only dregs in the bottom of the bottle now. He staggers. His head snaps up as the music switches to Zepp. He stills. Feet are rooted to the floor. Paralysed. Robert Plant’s voice tears through his core. Not this song. Not this song.
"Very, actually," he answers, before tilting his head and kissing him again.
Cas' fingers tunnelled through Dean's hair and for a half second they both stilled. Dean's shoulders set a little and Cas wondered if Dean thinks he's going to hold him there whilst he fucks into Dean's hot, welcoming mouth. Instead, Cas gently tugged Dean up his body, wrapped an arm tightly around his shoulders and slotted their mouths back together, kissing Dean deeply, messily, drinking him down like he's water.
"I lost count of the number of times I messed up," Dean tells him firmly. "You never gave up on me. Least I can do is return the favour." He runs a broad hand up Cas' back and delights in the way Cas shivers against him.
‘C’mon,’ he moans in encouragement. “Fuck, just like that yeah,” he adds, as Cas rocks his hips, dragging back out until his cockhead is tugging at Dean’s rim and then thrusting back in shallowly. “Cas. Cas. Gonna kill me.”
Cas isn't quite sure what Dean's trying to tell him, considering he's pretty sure Dean is getting exactly what he wants anyway, so he just hums and nods, lets his eyes drop closed and half wishes Dean'd take a hint and make a lose fist around his cock. If he's gonna get off he's gonna need a bit more than this.
Dean can feel sleep claiming him, feels fatigue forming in his bones. He stifles a yawn.
"Don't what?"
Cas thrusts his leaking cock against his own thighs, chasing the feel of it like he would a high. And if it weren't for the pills he'd've probably made a mess all over the bed already. A third finger and Cas starts thrusting back onto the fingers in earnest. "That all you got?" he pants.
He didn't fall for humanity.
Dean hovers like a mother hen once Cas is back in his cabin. He steers Cas to the bed and orders him to rest up, he makes him tea - the Earl Grey kind that he purposefully went into a hot zone for cause he knew that was Cas' favourite kind - offers to run him a bath, and only stops short of plumping Cas' pillows when Cas pulls a bottle of pills from his bedside table and starts to chug them like candy.
‘The feeling’s mutual.’ Cas gives him a sad smile. ‘One foot in front of the other. One day at a time.’
Comprehension filters through Cas' bloodstream along with the shitty whiskey and codeine. "Just vamps."
‘Righteous Man,’ he says, against Dean’s mouth. ‘And then my name, just -’ he drags Dean’s hand to the underside of the bar and guides him to trace out the shapes, ‘-
So when Dean's lips press to his own, all Cas can think about is a sea of dead bodies that all looked like Dean. A part of his brain sparks him back to the fifty times he'd heard those lips say 'I love you' in a spray of blood. To the four not-Dean's that had tried this very act to reach him.
There was something really fucking annoying about vampires at the end of the world that chose to starve themselves until they could chow down on humans and humans alone. Nasty assholes like that just didn't know when to quit.
Dean feels electric, and the pleasure that's coursing through his system multiplies tenfold. His pulse races, blood thrums a bass line in his eardrums, and when Cas leans forwards again, pressing his chest to Deans and running his nose against the side of Dean's jaw, Dean feels like he can't breathe.
Cas left hand mimics the movement of his right, tiptoeing across the other side of his ribcage. ‘Rebuilt in glory by Grace and love.’ His teeth scrape against his skin, followed by a sweep of soothing tongue. ‘Say I, Castiel,’ and he punctures this proclamation with a grind of his hips. ‘Shield of God and Man, Angel of Righteous Fire.’
Cas’ other hand comes to rest on the crown of Dean’s head and slowly, so very slowly, he begins to card his fingers through Dean’s hair. “It shouldn’t have been possible,” Cas says finally, his voice wrecked and barely more than a whisper.
Cas swigs a mouthful. It tastes like crap and burns every inch of his throat it drips down. He takes another mouthful. Dean plucks the bottle out of his hand and sloshes some onto the bite marks on Cas' shoulder.
Sam nods, a sharp jerk of the head. He scrubs a hand down his face. Before Sam can say another word, Dean's voice is rushing out of his mouth without much care for his brain to keep up. 'I told him he was always the problem. He thinks he's dead to me and I-' he shakes his head, closes his eyes because he can't see Sam's face when he adds, 'I didn't try and tell him otherwise.'
And he hated himself for saying it, wanted to take it back almost as soon as the words had passed his lips, but he couldn't. The colour drained from Dean's face and he looked like he was going to puke if he opened his mouth.
"And?" Dean asks, giving the bottle a little shake. The whiskey sloshes against the inside of the bottle. "You think Sammy and I drink this stuff to get drunk?"
Cas leans forwards, blindly seeking out Dean’s mouth with his own, one hand fisting into the sheets beside Dean’s head and the other framing Dean’s jaw with splayed and shaking fingers. Dean manages to loose his fingers from the sheets to instead run them through the mess of Cas’ hair and keep him as close as possible. He returns each kiss with one of his own, gently rolling his hips, experimenting with the sensation of Cas’ cock in his ass. Cas whimpers right into Dean’s open mouth and chases it with a breathy, “I love you.”
“Alastair?”
- bed. Dean gazes down on him and can’t fight the smile that pulls on his lips. “What are you thinking?” Cas asks softly, dragging his hands up the broad planes of Dean’s back.
'Saying "yes".' Dean doesn't know why he feels the need to say it now, but he knows it's now or never. 'Before - apocalypse before - you and Sam and Bobby, you all did so much to stop me. I was on board, I was ready. You guys, you stopped me from doing something...' and even though he knows he wants to say it, he doesn't quite know how to order it into a coherent stream. 'I'm just - I'm sorry. You gave up so much for us, especially then. And then I went and said it anyway.'
He avoids Cas’ gaze; he’s not really there after all, so why is it so hard to do? That was the whole point of this pity party to begin with. Throw himself to Billie’s mercy and hope more than anything that she keeps her word and sends him to the Empty alongside Cas.
Cas huffs and leans his weight back against the steering wheel. Dean's sure it can't be particularly comfortable - he knows how bad it can be knocking his knees against the thing - but Cas lounges there like he was built to fit.
Cas sets his coffee mug down and turns to Dean, his hands seeking out Dean’s face. He doesn’t say anything, just leans forward and presses soft lips to Dean’s. “Human, angel, demon, god?” He punctures each word with another kiss, to nose, brow, cheek. “Heaven, hell, purgatory, whole other universes? An absurd number of cosmic beings? It doesn’t matter. I will
A knot tightens in Dean's stomach. They never talk about this. "Cas-"
Dean smiles, resting his forehead against Cas’. They’re going to have to shower again, clean away the sweat and come and lube. If Sam, Eileen and Jack weren’t gonna be back in a few hours, he’d probably chance it, but Dean’s not quite sure he wants to deal with Sam and Eileen’s silent discussion about how gross he and Cas are. “I mean, what else is twelve years of unresolved sexual tension for if not mind blowing sex?”
There’re too many vehicles parked up to really see Sam and Eileen climbing out of the front seats, but before Dean knows it there’s a whirlwind of messy curls and skinny limbs hurtling his way, barrelling into him so quickly that if she were any taller, she would’ve taken out his crown jewels. ‘JoJo,’ he says simply, scooping his niece up into his arms and spinning her around, basking in her loud squeals of delight.
Cas’ gaze grows darker, hungry, and he licks his lips as he pulls back, barely able to pull his eyes away from Dean, and moves towards the bedside cabinet. Dean shuffles back up the bed, anticipation ricocheting up his spine. He watches each slight movement of Cas’ body, the ripple of muscles under the skin of his back, the way they flex as he balances on the edge of the bed.
Firstly, I know nothing about how much a bar like this would cost to buy. I took a punt. Secondly, my knowledge of woodworking comes from watching woodturning videos on youtube and a few basics from DT back in high school. Thirdly, I'm British so my knowledge of American georgraphy is really only limited to google maps. Please be gentle and suspend your disbelief.
A brilliant bolt of lightning illuminated the room and Dean shuffled in the bed. Cas turned to look at him, just in time to catch sight of Dean wincing as he tried to sit up.
Cas hums happily, turning around in the circle of Dean’s arms, his nose bumping alongside Dean’s as he seeks out his lips. It’s possibly the sweetest kiss of his life; Cas’ plush lips are gentle against his own, careful in a way Dean’s never experienced. Just them in a cocoon of sleep-warm sheets and one another. “I love you,” Cas whispers straight into Dean’s mouth, and Dean chases the words with his own kisses, keeping them inside where they’re safe from the outside world.
Another kiss, slightly lower than the last and he can feel the anticipation flaring through Dean's skin. Cas drops the next kiss even lower still and his bottom lip catches at the top of Dean's entrance and the hunter gives off an involuntary whine. Cas smirks - knows Dean feels it - and then darts his tongue forwards.
"Angels." Cas' face is stony. "Angels that I smote because they dared follow Raphael. That's the number of my siblings that I
Halfway down the bottle, the stereo is flicked on and he sings along loudly, badly, ‘til his throat is raw and the room starts to blur slightly at the edges. He keeps drinking.
'I lied,' Cas says, not to Dean, but to the floor. His shoulders are so rounded and he looks like he's collapsing in on himself. Dean's stomach drops out because for a split second he thinks Cas means he lied about being brainwashed. But Cas assuages those fears and continues on. 'I knew what broke her control on me. I knew it was you. She asked me to choose, between Heaven and you. But I couldn't tell you that, not then, not after these hands had hurt you so profoundly.'
His tears choke him. He slams a fist into the reclaimed hardwood floor, again, and again, until his knuckles split and begin to bleed.
Dean feels like he should say something, force in to words what this means. Tell Cas that he wants this, so bad, he wants wants
"I did-"
"Not quite," Cas murmurs before surging forwards to capture Dean's mouth with his.
The lightning illuminated the room as Cas bit at Dean's bottom lip and buried himself to the hilt instead. Dean clenched around him, fisted his fingers into Cas' hair and moaned, “Cas,” into his mouth, breathed it like it was a prayer; reverent and expectant.
Feeling suddenly serious, Dean whispers, "Why'd you never tell me about Naomi?"
He's careful and attentive, kisses Dean desperately and without fear and it's easy to forget the depth of the shit they're currently in. It's easy to push it to one side and loose himself to this because it's been a long time coming, filled with lingering gazes, touches and words never quite spoken but often just waiting in the air.
It’s stupid really, given that it’s only been about an hour since he saw him last, but Dean is drawn towards him like a moth to flame. Always has been. Cas gives him that soft smile, the crinkles around his eyes deepening, his soul shining from him more brightly than his grace ever did, and his own heart stutters at the sight. Getting on a quarter of a century and Cas can still knock the wind right out of him.
‘Can’t do it, Cas,’ he mutters, looking away from those blues. ‘Can’t keep doing this.’
A gentle kiss at the base of Dean's spine causes the hunter to shudder. Cas moves slowly, and with a measured level of caution. He still can't believe what Dean's asked him to do.
This chapter deals with some suicidal ideation. It gets ugly. Please be warned and be kind to yourselves.
And there were no words, none at all, just the heat of the one another's mouths; wet lips, and tongues curling behind teeth, heavy breath and heartbeats thrumming violent tattoos against rib cages.
Abruptly, he storms towards the door and Cas reckons Dean's taken his earlier advise and is off to be their fearless leader. Instead, he pulls the door shut, locks it, and then hastily drags the drapes across the windows.
He bumps their foreheads together, dragging his nose against Cas’ before seeking out his mouth once more for a tender press of lips. “Love you,” he whispers, nosing against Cas’ jaw, delighting in the hitch of breath his words elicit. He sucks a kiss into the hollow of Cas’ throat, drags his lips to the spot just under Cas’ ear, delighted by the full-body shiver it wrings out of him. “Gonna show you.” He presses an open mouth kiss to the thin pink scar that lines Cas’ throat, the proof that what they had gone through together in the Empty had really happened. “Let me show you.” Cas’ pulse leaps beneath his lips and he smoothes against it with his tongue. He will treasure this one small scar for the rest of their lives. It may be a simple mark but it’s the best evidence that all those years ago Cas really had been right: good things do happen.
Cas somehow manages to scowl even harder. His eyes flicker to the bar and back up to focus on Dean’s chest. ‘Your ribs.’
“It's okay,” Cas told him once more, rubbing circles into Dean's hips. Dean's body went slack. The hunter locked a leg around one of Cas' and Cas took that as invitation, took that as
If it weren’t for the insistence of his bladder, Dean’s fairly certain he’d just stay in this bed the entire day. He presses a kiss to Cas’ knuckles and extracts himself from under his weight. He smiles at the sight: a shock of dark hair on Dean’s pillow, wrapped up in Dean’s sheets and Dean’s clothes. No lines of worry to mar his brow or restless shifting. Just one hand seeking out the warm spot that Dean had just vacated, fingers twisting into the sheets.
He's blown it. The mutually sated atmosphere is blown from the room like a hurricane just tore through the beaded curtain, and Cas hates himself. They never say the L word.
but he's not sure he knows how to explain or claim the feelings pounding in his ears, or the desire flaring through his bones. All he knows is that Cas' mouth isn't on his any longer and that's something that desperately needs rectifying.
And then Cas’ hands drop from Dean’s chest, make quick work of his belt and his buttons and his zipper, and then he yanks Dean’s pants down. His kisses trail down each nodule of Dean’s spine as his fingers dip down and sink into Dean’s already pliant and loose hole. Never in Dean’s life has he been more thankful to their early morning fucking. ‘Still so open for me,’ Cas whispers into his ear. Dean feels the blunt press of Cas’ cock against his entrance and braces himself against the bar, breath hitching, heart pounding. ‘Do you want to know the rest?’ Cas asks him as he pushes into Dean in quick, sweet motions.
"Yeah, well," Dean says. "I'm glad I'm stuck with you." He takes another mouthful of whiskey and passes the bottle over to Cas.
Cas looks aghast and Dean finds the look of horror on the angel's face to be quite endearing. He reaches over and claps Cas on the back and says, "Get in. We'll come back for your pimp mobile once the snow's cleared a bit. We'll need to anyway to burn the bones."
Sam leaves him then too and Dean's left in the middle of the Bunker. His chest aches, a deep, agonising ache unlike anything he's ever felt.
Dean looks down at the bottle to find it mostly gone. His body is humming with the buzz. "Didn't think angels could get drunk," Dean teases.
emotions he'd never been equipped to live with. And with a squeeze of his thighs and a roll of his hips, he was distracting himself from his own thoughts again, hardening in his pants as Dean huffed hot breath against his cheek. He smirked and began trailing open-mouthed kisses down Dean's neck, sucking a gentle bruise into the pulse point that thrummed fast and desperate.
But those days were long gone, brushed aside by Cas' own whispered confessions of fear and doubt, sitting on a park bench, watching humanity pass him by.
The spark of endorphins that rushes through Cas, into his Grace, into Dean, saturates every atom of Dean's body until he's coming again. His brain is filled with white noise, there are supernova behind his eyelids, there's not enough oxygen in the universe to fill Dean's lungs. His heart beats violently against his chest, drumming a cacophony in his ears as his body works through the aftershocks.
“It liked to toy with me,” Cas says. “It knows everything about any being that comes to it. All their deepest fears, all their worst moments. The good too.” Cas lifts his free hand up to drag fingers through Dean’s hair. “Afterall, the first time I was there it tried very hard to keep me. Convince me that there was nothing back on earth for me. Twisted every anxious thought and tried to tell me they were true.
Sam's silent. When Dean finally musters the courage to open his eyes and look at him, there's no fight in his brother. 'We're all pissed, Dean. We're all struggling. What with mom, and Jack, and God. And I get that you're hurting right now, I do.'
And part of Dean knows that if this whole thing means what he thinks it does - and if the tingling spots on his neck where Cas' saliva cools against his skin and the insistent promises of love that have poured from the angels' mouth are anything to go by, it really really does - then it shouldn't matter. They can rain-check. Wait out the night fully clothed and warm. Dean won't get hypothermia and die and Cas won't feel guilty about it afterwards.
And then Cas is pulling him back towards him, his mouth hot and claiming, blunt nails digging into Dean’s bare shoulders. Dean’s dick throbs at the sensation - Cas is seemingly everywhere all at once - and he chases each kiss, each warm inch of Cas’ exposed skin.
‘Yeah?’ he asks, distracted by the crate of beer and the tottering pile of bar snacks atop.
, he feels the blunt head of Cas’ cock at his entrance and he kicks his feet flat onto the bed to leverage himself slightly to help ease Cas’ way. Sweat beads across his shoulders and brow as he bears down, slamming his head back into the pillows. “Fuck,” he breathes as he bites down hard on his bottom lip and looks back at Cas.
'It must've been hard for you,' Cas says as he hands Dean a beer. The bunker is silent around them.
Cas shakes his head. "There are things that I did when I was," he pauses, staring at the snowed over Impala window as though trying to find something in the mound of snow, "bad. Things I regret more than anything."
Dean huffs and drags him to his feet unceremoniously. Without a word he steers him outta the front door of the abandoned house he'd been searching through and towards the jeep on the other side of the cracked road.
But mercifully, Cas takes a seat opposite him at the war room table and doesn't say a word. Dean doesn't know if it's because Cas still reads his mind sometimes - intentionally or not - or it's because Cas knows him too damn well. Either way, Dean is grateful.
Dean stilled beneath him, leaned in to Cas' touch, and all the air seemed stripped from the room. His hands fell into his lap, his eyes slipped closed and he tilted his head up, letting Cas see his tear soaked face.
Cas keens into his touch, his breathing coming in heaving gasps, and the sounds he’s making go straight to Dean’s dick. There’s a pulse of pre-come leaking onto Dean’s tongue that he laps up before sinking right down until Cas’ cock is pressed right to the back of his throat and fuck,
He's going for the laptop on the table when Sam's hands tighten around his wrists and stop him. 'What did you do?' he asks again, sounding exhausted.
Lightning illuminated the room again for a second; the rain whistled down harder and the thunder rent the sky apart.
Cas scowls; a gasping memory of the screams of the Pit bolts through his mind. If his Grace were still his own, he feels sure he'd remember the way they tore at him. He stares at the blown black in Dean's eyes and his chest aches.
Cas bites back a smile and reaches his hand out to Dean. Such a simple gesture.
She takes that moment to look over his shoulder and her face breaks into a look of ecstatic delight. ‘Uncle Cas!’ she screams right into Dean’s ear, and she clambers up his chest and over his shoulder, boney knees and elbows digging into age-old scar tissue before she throws her weight off him into Cas’ non-doubt open arms.
He has lived for aeons, through the birth of stars, planets and
Naomi had praised how well he had done, glowing with satisfaction at a job well done.
Cas tips Dean’s head back, kisses him filthy, his hands roving across Dean’s skin making his whole body sing. He’s everywhere, a solid weight against his back, hard planes and bruising fingers. ‘That is how I protected you,’ he tells him as he drops the hand from his sternum down to his achingly hard cock, making a loose fist to jack Dean off with the same rhythm of his wicked hips. ‘Angel or no, I will
Cas rolls his earlobe through his teeth and whispers, "Most definitely. I'm not giving you up."  And he grinds down his hips, the hard press of his erection sliding against Dean's as though to prove a point.
“It can’t have happened. I was
'She had me kill you - copies of you. Over and over and over again.' And where seconds before Dean had been flushed with warmth, now he felt as though he had been doused in ice. 'That was her programming. She had to force me to start with. He hands would guide my blade into her imitations. It became easier as it went on because they weren't you, not really. I could tell the difference. They were good copies but -' he pauses for a split second, swallows, continues '- I pieced your body back together, once. I -' and it's Cas' time to flush '- I would know your soul anywhere. Her imitations of you could never quite capture that brilliance.'
Cas looks up at him and crawls closer to the Trap until he's right up next to it, careful not to touch the tacky bloodwork. Dean strains closer, tries to reach out and grab hold of him but only manages to ask, "Why? Why would you?"
He tightens his grip on his hips and sinks back down lower; a kiss over Cas’ heart, to the sensitive bit beneath his ribs, the soft skin below his navel, the juncture of groin and thigh, before finally,
“Yes.” Cas’ breath ghosts hot against the cooling saliva. “Mine.”
But it's not quite hitting the spot, his body craves so much more. "
Abaddon slams against the Trap again.
Dean can see the different colours of the fireworks glittering in Cas’ eyes. ‘I love you,’ he says once more and believes. Not in fate, not in destiny, not even in what their son is capable of really. No. Dean holds a soft kiss to Cas’ lips and believes in this: the man in his arms that threw away the might of heaven just for every single messy moment here on earth with Dean; the family they’d carved out around them, who join them here on this sandy lakefront each year to celebrate; that once upon a time an angel waged war on Hell to raise the soul of a man who had damned himself for the life of his brother and in doing that, the three of them were able to save the world.
He presses a gentle kiss to Cas’ lips before shifting them, rolling Cas onto his back so he's cradled in the rumpled sheets of Dean’s - no,
Dawn approaches on lilac wings, misty and cool.
Fall appears abruptly, bringing with it frosty mornings and heavy blankets of fog each dawn. The chill doesn’t slow him. If anything, he picks up his pace with the repairs, desperate to warm his blood with hard labour. He hasn’t touched the wood for the bartop since its arrival a few months previous, but the rest of the place is down to finishing touches now and he’s starting to run out of excuses to put it off.
He pats under his pillow. No gun.
Cas’ hand loosens its grip on his bicep, tenderly tracing his fingertips into Dean’s skin. “Very.” He leans up and captures Dean’s lips once more.
There’s a sadness in those blue eyes that Dean can’t bear to see, so he leans forward and presses a soft kiss to Cas’ lips.
It takes only a short amount of time for them to towel off and get back to the bedroom. They barely step out of each other’s orbit as they stumble from the bathroom; just a soft blur of hands and damp skin, wet kisses and backs pressed against any and every available upright surface in the hallway.
But it’ll kill him faster to stay.
,” Cas tells him, still running his fingers through Dean’s hair. “But I…” He swallows thickly, his hand stilling, fingers trailing down Dean’s jaw to notch his chin up a little higher. “I carried you,” he confesses. “I was able to make you sleep and then carried you through the bar to the back room.”
Cas hums thoughtfully, shifting his weight back against Dean ever so slightly. “The coffee certainly helps your case.”
He’s beautiful, ethereal in the weak sunlight that halos around his head. His heart clenches at the sight, a pang of guilt and shame squeezes his gut, suddenly very much aware of all that Cas gave up just to be here, above Dean, messy and human.
His cock leaks pre-come at the thought as they thrust together and it's not quite enough, there needs to be more friction, more more more, and Dean's untangling a hand from where it's knotted in Cas' hair when the angel snatches it back and laces their fingers together. "No," he growls, flattening his chest to Dean, trapping their cocks between their belly's and thrusting even more insistently. "Not yet."
There’s a huff down the line. ‘Dean,’ she says, and it’s moments like this where he can hear the Cas in her. But rather than make his chest ache, it makes him grin harder. ‘I’m twenty three.’
So he basks in these minutes, staying there longer than he normally would because he’s waited so damn long for this. He finally feels safe, he can finally breathe easy and that should scare him, but for once he doesn’t give the fear the time of day.
When Cas begins to thrust back again, Dean's movements become erratic. His hips stutter and so does his voice when he breaths, "N-need," into Cas' ear. "Cas, need you. To give me-"
"What are you doing?" Abaddon screams, clawing at the edge of the trap. But there's a strained edge to her voice, almost like... almost like-
Abaddon snaps Dean's head up like he's a marionette. "Uh uh uh! Just little old me in here." Abaddon hums and shrugs. "Well, Dean's rattling around somewhere but..." And though it's Dean's eyes that looks Cas up and down, leering at him, he knows that it's not. There's another flash of black coating those green eyes.
She’s quiet for a little while and there’s several times he expects her to say something. ‘You think,’ and she pauses, wrestling with how to word a question she’s not even sure she should ask. ‘Do you think he’d be glad?’
Cas rolls his eyes and says, "We've been here for five minutes. Stop being melodramatic. You're not going to die."
Cas blinks, those bright blue eyes drinking Dean down right to where they’re joined. There’s something unreadable on Cas’ face, like his whole world is shifting to just their bodies and this bed. In all fairness, Dean kinda gets it.
He rocks forwards experimentally a couple of times, silken skin rutting against silken skin and Dean squirms beneath him. Cas moves back on his haunches, barely dragging his eyes away from Dean’s cock as he fumbles for the bottle of lube and uncaps it again, slicking himself up more confidently than Dean would’ve given him credit for. Then again with the filth that’d started dripping from Cas’ tongue since waking up, Dean reckons he really shouldn’t be that surprised.
Cas' hips begin to move erratically and the Grace that burns through Dean's system is humming against his bones.
“Fuck,” is all he can manage, fisting Cas’ hair and holding his head in place to kiss him hard and messy. Cas takes that for the affirmation he was seeking and begins to work in a third finger. “Yes.” Dean drops his head back against the pillows, blinking up at the ceiling. “Yes yes, fuck.” The burn is more persistent this time, ebbs and brightens with each twist of Cas’ fingers.
Cas pulls back slightly, just enough to look him in the eye, and the concern there is a living thing, unavoidable. “How do you mean?”
Except, that's not an option and Dean's painfully aware that they're going to have to spend the night together in a weird state of drunken, horniness, trapped under several feet of snow in a car that won't budge.
It’s been ten years and they’ve yet to have a single one of these meet-ups rained off. Even when the weather forecast promised flash flooding, somehow the day still dawns with cloudless skies and a bright sun to warm them. Dean can’t help but smile as he starts hefting coolers out of Baby’s trunk. He supposes there’s always a plus-side to being one-third-Dad to God.
"About three shots of whisky ago, I think."
His pitifully human heart hammers a rampant beat in time with Dean's and he makes only slight attempts to move. A single soft kiss to the bruising teeth marks, a brush of his nose through the wet tresses at the base of Dean's neck, a gently thumb smoothing circles against the raised burn under his hand.
Dean’s brain lags at the suggestion, his heart somersaulting in his chest. Cas turns away and heads through the back and up the stairs.
,” and that's it, Dean's resolve has crumbled like Babel.
His heart is pounding in a way that has nothing to do with the marathon of sex he's just fucked his way through.
After all, it definitely wasn't Dean. But his hand had faltered all the same and Naomi had walked up behind him and guided his angel blade in to not-Dean's chest cavity.
Sweat slid down from Cas' hair line; the air in the room was thick and humid from the storm and stunk of sex. He mouthed desperately at Dean's neck, gasping at the sensation, his eyes rolling at the sound of Dean's voice, cracked and needy, and choking out a string of,
All he can do to respond is nod weakly, not that Cas seems concerned. He nuzzles Dean’s hip, drawing the skin up between his lips before laving over the flush of blood with his tongue. He looks down at the pink mark before dipping back and repeating the ministrations. Dean squirms at the sensation, raising a shaking hand to card through Cas’ hair.
There’ve been many times in his life when a supernatural being has tried to squeeze the life right out of Dean’s heart, but none of that comes close to the sharp pain that shocks through his system at Cas’ words, at the teary-eyed look on his face. “You
"Dean?"
No. Friends absolutely do not do this. They don't need, they don't want, they just are. Then again, Dean thinks as his chapped lips brush with Cas', he and Cas flew past 'friends' a long time ago.
Cas doesn’t respond, merely knee walks across the mattress ‘til he’s right in front of Dean, eyes sparkling. “You always seemed to be under the impression I was completely naive.” His hands slide across the sweaty skin of Dean’s hips and pulls his body flush against his.
"I'm telling you this, so you'll know. So you won't blame yourself for what happened. Demons... Leviathan... they take a part of what's inside you and they feed it. Fan its flames until its an inferno ready to consume you whole. We make mistakes Dean, the only way we can mend them is by owning them and pushing on through. Try and do the best that we can with the lot we've been given."
Cas’ free hand slides from its position tangled in Dean’s sweaty hair, caresses down the hollow of his throat before dropping still further until he’s white knuckling to Dean’s left bicep. And it’s too much, much too much, and it’s not enough, never enough, as with one final drag of their hands, Dean’s orgasm punches out of him. Hot white spurts spill over Cas’ stomach and chest and he’s so hypersensitive that his toes are curling, but it doesn’t matter, nothing else matters, he just keeps their fists locked around their cocks, jerking them both still, fucking his tongue into Cas’ mouth and saying, soft as a prayer, “Come for me, Cas. Let me see you.”
But it’s been ten years now. Ten years since they finally threw off the shackles of Chuck’s storytelling. Ten years since Jack levelled up and saved the world. Ten years since Dean had lost Cas and fought ‘til his hands were bloody to get him back. Ten years since peace and freedom.
"I'm merely aware that alcohol warms the system," Cas says.
Dean chuckles, but can’t help but bite his lip at the sight of Cas’ fingers trailing through the mess they’d made. His dick gives a half-hearted twitch, and if Dean wasn’t feeling quite so fucked out right now, he might’ve leant back over to help clean Cas up in a much filthier way. There’s come on his own fingers and a few splotches marking his chest, but Dean pays them no mind. He rolls over and plucks the box of tissues from off the nightstand and starts to clean the pair of them up. But he pauses briefly, bringing Cas’ right hand forwards to gently suck each digit clean. “
Comprehension dawns across Cas' features like early morning sun. He nods sagely. "It was nothing."
The first time, Cas had known in the part of his mind that sounded like Naomi, that he was to kill Dean.
The smell of cooking bacon must’ve enticed Cas out of the bathroom without flicking on the shower because it only takes thirty seconds from the chain flushing for a pair of hands to sink into the skin of Dean’s waist and Cas’ chin to hook over his shoulder. “Thought we were having pancakes,” Cas mumbles, nosing at Dean’s neck.
He twists open the codeine again and knocks back a handful with a swig of the shitty whiskey and lets the pills dull his senses lest he blow his load from the sight of Dean on the bed just waiting for him to get to work.
Cas cocks a brow in Dean’s direction and says in what Dean might have once termed his smite-y voice, “But watching how well you took my cock was.”
‘Almost,’ she says, and he can picture her face, the smile that only plays subtly on her lips but sets her eyes ablaze.
All he wants is to roll over and feel the flat press of Cas' tongue on him, to push back until the angel works his fingers right in to him. And Dean knows that those fingers would magnetise towards his prostate like magic and when Cas lined up his hard cock to Dean's entrance and pushed in, he would fell so full and so so good and -
Cas’ face is oh so close, gazing down on him with such adoration something inside of Dean feels like it’s breaking. “That’s it,” Cas says, smiling brilliantly, like Dean’d just accomplished something monumental. “Perfect.” He starts peppering Dean’s face with kisses again, just light brushes of his lips and softly spoken words of praise as he begins to move his finger again, pumping and twisting gradually deeper.
With a few last urgent thrusts, Cas let's himself go and is blinded by the sight of the supernova he might once have been.
The veneer of strong leader, of asshole Winchester, of unfeeling, unwanting shell, was left at the door of the cabin some hours ago.
He’s pretty sure he’s making unintelligent noises, little whines in the back of his throat that he can’t contain. He screws his eyes shut tighter and then Cas is leaning back over him, kissing his cheeks, the bridge of his nose, his parted lips as he slowly - so achingly slowly - begins to work his way past the tight ring of muscle of Dean’s ass. “Dean?” he asks, voice low, barely a whisper. His hand stills, only up to his first knuckle. “Open your eyes for me.” It’s not a command, just a request, but Dean blinks his eyes open anyway.
Another memory of praying behind a shack in the middle of nowhere, begging a God that didn’t care to return his angel to him. The only one that ever listened to his prayers wrapped in a shroud in a cabin on a water’s edge.
Dean splits the lid and knocks back a measure. "So you're getting me drunk to keep me alive?" He chuckles softly and swigs at the bottle again.
On his ways back from the bathroom he swings by the kitchen. His place is exceptionally quiet and he frowns at the clock on the stove telling him it's nearly midday. There’s a note on the worktop written in Sam’s spiky scrawl letting him know that he, Eileen, and Jack are out at the Christmas Market in town and won’t be back until late afternoon. He smiles to himself as he putters around with the coffee pot, brewing a fresh pot and rolling the sleep from his shoulders.
"Other side of the bed, dumbass."
Cas is all toned, tan skin, a few rivets of water slipping from his hair down his chest and Dean salivates. If he doesn’t get back on the bed within the next few seconds, Dean thinks he might actually die. He holds out his hand, offering it for Cas to take. It’s needy as all hell, but as Cas steps between Dean’s parted thighs and tangles their fingers together, Dean finds he really doesn’t give a shit.
"No," Cas confirms solemnly. He takes a half step forwards under the warm spray and pins Dean to the tiled wall with his hips. He licks into his mouth greedily, knotting his fingers through Dean's short tresses to angle the kiss better.
Dean's laugh fans Cas' hair back as he says, "And I sure as shit don't deserve yours."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas chuckles, a low rumble that drops warmth into Dean's gut. 'Maybe. How do you think your father would've taken it? Lucifer's child as a Grandson?'
The brilliant blue Dean's so used to seeing has been almost completely swallowed by blown pupils and Cas growls, "Tell me what else you want," in a voice so reminiscent of the angel that had once threatened to throw him back to Hell; all heavenly righteousness and power. Cas rolls his hips once and Dean whines at the sensation. "Pray - to - me." He punctures every word with a devastating roll of the hips and Dean doesn't have it in him to disobey.
Dean stumbles to his feet with such speed he almost falls straight into Cas. “Or,” Dean says, licking his lips. “Definitely or.”
Dean's hands scrape at his own thighs, his ass clenches tightly around Cas' dick and he spills hot and white over Cas' fist.
"Just vamps," Dean echoes.
Dean presses a kiss to the exposed skin peeking out from the neck of Cas’ sleep shirt, and noses under his ear, delighting in the shiver that wracks through Cas. “I got a theory.”
Dean gives one last feeble attempt at digging up the rock hard, frozen-over earth before throwing the shovel into the snow at his feet. "Useless piece of crap," he mutters, rubbing his gloved hands together.
Cas lets rip a strangled cry which does very little to dissuade Dean's tongue from it's assault. The noises Dean is making are utterly filthy and it doesn't take long for Cas to start jutting his hips in circular motions, seeking out anything akin to friction he can find.
It’s Cas that begins to deepen the kiss, tongue curling alongside Dean’s to taste and take. It’s Cas that nudges Dean onto his back and Cas that clambers on top of him, a solid delightful weight that pins him to the mattress. And it’s Cas’ morning wood that lines up alongside Dean’s, stealing the breath right out of him, making his heart stutter against his ribs.
did you learn to talk like that?”
for God's sake, but he's rooted to the spot.
Sam takes a step back, the frown growing ever deeper. He's gonna end up with wrinkles. Something seems to click and he turns his head towards the stairs that Dean hadn't stopped staring at. 'Dean-' he starts warningly but he cuts him off.
‘Hey, me and Kaia are solid, thank you very much.’
Gone are the days when they would look at one another for what felt like hours. Dean can barely stand a few seconds right now. Just squeezes his eyes tight, shedding more tears.
‘You fought for this whole world,’ dream-Cas is saying through tears. ‘But you can’t fight for me.’
Cas’ breath hitches. “The bar downstairs.
The copy didn't really do anything at all. It didn't speak. Didn't move. Didn't have anything much of Dean to him at all, except his face. And Cas felt sure - felt that Naomi was sure - that this would be easy.
“You gave up so much.” He’s not sure why he’s arguing. Years of self doubt, he supposes. Years of second guessing himself. Years of never getting what he wants, always waiting for the other shoe to drop.
There's a gun shot. And then another.
- was just too hard for my brain to deal, so it cracked.”
Sam looks down at him, his brow furrowed in concern though some of the terror seems to have dissipated slightly. 'Gone? What do you mean
Seven hundred and thirteen gave up after his face was pummelled by Castiel's fists. He'd laid down and died easily.
With every ounce of willpower in him, Dean pulls back briefly, enough to let them both suck in great lungfuls of air and rests their foreheads together. Cas’ eyes are blown, barely a ring of blue remains around his pupil and there’s a wild sort of wonder to them that cracks Dean open right down his chest.
"One thousand, one hundred and twenty six," Cas says.
Dean doesn't know what makes him say it, but before he can stop himself, he's saying, 'Came pretty close in that crypt.'
Cas eats Dean out with his well practised tongue and the cabin is filled with the sound of Dean's gasped breath and Cas' hummed delight. He could get Dean off like this, he knows. Knows because even though it's barely been five minutes since the hunter came last, he's already rutting back and moaning softly into the mattress. Knows because the longer he's at this the more worked up Dean's getting and that knowledge goes straight to Cas' heavy dick.
He’s on the floor. No recollection of landing. Just a dull ache in his knees. ‘Stop,’ he screams to the empty room. Can’t remember how to turn off the stereo.
be real.” Cas is running a nervous hand through his hair, tugging on the tresses.
‘You are?’ and her voice changes slightly, as if she were surprised by his easy acceptance.
Cas clambers from the bed and staggers across the room, wishing his legs would cooperate with his brain.
The fight drains out of him and he sags in his brother's grip. 'I can't say it again, Sammy.'
"Bless your little heart Castiel," Abaddon says, and that turns Cas' stomach. Dean hasn't called him that in years. It sends ice down his grace. "You thought I'd give up Dean's body that easily? You reckon it's
As though prompted by the stray thought floating through his head, Cas' Grace pulses under his skin and he's drowning in memories that aren't his own. Memories of a thousand of himself dying by Cas' hands and the nerves, the
Hurt passes behind those baby blues but Dean doesn’t feel triumphant. If anything, it makes him feel even more hollow. And then that hurt is gone, replaced with a quiet fury that blurs the memory, makes it look like he’s watching on an old TV.
Cas had laid the trap for Abaddon in an abandoned barn close to the bunker and waited. And the Knight of Hell didn't disappoint.
Nothing.
His heart gives an odd lurch, leaping up to his throat before plummeting down into his stomach acid. 'Damnit, Cas. Why did we have to wind up adopting your vessel's kid?' He huffs, unlocks the cell and mutters, ‘
It's not until the sun is cresting the horizon, weak morning light bleaching the sky from indigo to grey, that Dean pushes away from his Baby and stomps over towards the cabin feeling irate.
kill, because my anger was amplified with Leviathan blood lust and my own greed for power."
And another.
"What about you?" he asks thickly, unable to quite keep the unease at bay completely. "Won't this -"
“In the Empty I just thought it was Michael’s dream world for you, but…” Cas’ eyes trail over to the bedroom door, intent upon seeing beyond the wood. “Please-” He clears his throat, sounds wrecked, and when Dean looks at him there are tears pooling in his eyes. “Please tell me you didn’t try to kill yourself.”
Dean manages to force the front seat back a ways and then Cas is draping himself over Dean, grinding his hips down to meet his in a desperate search of friction and in all the times Dean has made out with people - girls mostly - in the front seat of the Impala, not once has it ever felt as good as this.
“Started thinking I was.”
He downed another large mouthful of whiskey as Dean retaliated, his voice growing louder over a particularly ominous rumble of thunder. The dim lights in the cabin flickered and dust fell from the rafters.
(See the end of the chapter for
A kiss to the crease of Cas’ elbow, a graze of teeth across the jut of Cas’ hip bone. He guides Cas’ ass up slightly, just enough to ease the pyjama pants down, exposing more skin for Dean to worship, to taste. And it should frighten him, Cas naked under his hands, but it doesn’t. It’s the most natural feeling in the world. A hand to one of Cas’ ankles as he nuzzles his nose into Cas’ knee, presses a tender kiss to the sensitive skin there and can’t fight the smile that crosses his face when Cas shivers at the touch.
Dean swats his shoulder and Cas drops back on his haunches as Dean shimmies into a sitting position, ignoring the tenderness in his ass. “Fishing for compliments isn’t sexy,” Dean tells him, no heat in his words. He rolls off the bed, snatching up a handful of tissue to clean himself up. Fuck, he hates how lube gets fucking
The warmth of the water and the steam is making Dean feel more alive than he has in months. Well, that and the fact that he currently has the soapy hand of an ex-angel wrapped around his cock. He drops his head back against the tile, riding through the sensation of Cas’ thick fingers working him over. “Fuck,
The weight on top of him disappears and it's followed by the unmistakeable swoosh of a blade through the air followed by a sickening thwak of metal meeting blood, muscle and bone.
Sam holds him by the shoulders, goofy grin in place. There’s still blood dripping sluggishly from the cut on his brow, but with a shimmer of gold it knits itself back together. ‘
He expects Cas to contemplate the question, take a few minutes to mull it over. What he doesn't expect is the instant, forceful, 'Not in the slightest.' Dean's stomach flips again. 'I didn't turn my back on my family, Dean. I fell for it.'
“It doesn’t matter now,” Dean says firmly, squeezing Cas’ fingers. “Besides, I already told you, I understand why you did it.”
Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s sweaty hair and starts placing open mouthed kisses across every freckle of Dean’s back - something he’s grown quite fond of doing. ‘Sorry,’ Cas whispers after a while. ‘I know you don’t like to clean up bodily fluids down here.’
I know the ending is incredibly cheesy but don't @ me. I tried several ways of finishing this off and they quickly barrelled into sickly sweet and out of character because I was an excitable child.
"Not for that." For whatever reason, Dean's throat feels constricted.
Dean comes with a desperate, keening noise, his face buried into the crook of Cas' shoulder and holding on to the fallen angels hands so tightly that his knuckles glow white in the semi-darkness.
Considering the camp was home to five resident vampires these days, Cas thought he could be given the benefit of the doubt when it came to tangling with them. Most of them had allied themselves with humanity, had offered up their strength, their speed, their complete lack of morals, to fight the good fight for a change, in exchange for the occasional drag of blood from a vein.
- thinking he couldn’t have this, not ever. Yet here Cas is, wrapped around him, warm and vibrant with life, just pouring out his love like a river unable to be contained. Dean fists his hands into the hem of Cas’ shirt, pulls him closer and drinks him in. He can have this. They can have this.
"Then for what?" Cas asks curiously, holding out the whiskey again. Dean thinks he looks wildly out-of-place in a car doused in snow, wearing just his cheap suit and a furrowed brow.
Cas winces as the water hits his wounded shoulder and Dean somehow manages to surge forwards in the confines of the tiny cubicle shower to fuss and check the bite marks and the bruising. He's astounded by the tenderness of Dean's movements and can't quite believe the domesticity of the whole thing. "It's fine," Cas says unnecessarily, attempting to bat Dean's hands away and failing.
Dean gets the water going in the tiny shower, testing it a few times before ascertaining that it's warm enough and climbing inside and dragging Cas after him.
Dean strode forwards and snatched the bottle back from Cas' hands, hissing a bitter tirade of,
He stands in his workshop, staring down the piece of wood like he might’ve once done a demon. He picks up a chisel, wielding it like an angel blade, and strides forwards.
Cas propped himself onto his elbows and watched, threading his fingers through Dean's hair. And then Dean paused, mouth hanging wet and open, hovering over Cas' cock. His eyes flickered up, met with Cas'. Dean's pupils were blown and he looked starving.
"Easy for you to say, you giant collumn of light, some of us are mortal."
Rain pelted against the windows as the storm grew a little louder, a little closer. The rumbles of thunder drowned out Cas' moans as Dean held him down, pinned him to the mattress with ease, and swirled his tongue over the head of Cas' cock. And when Cas bucked up into Dean's mouth he could feel the smirk ghosting along the hunter's lips.
Bobbi has finally woken up and is kissing the bristly cheek of her name-sake who looks a little glassy-eyed under his ratty old baseball cap. Jo’s already managed to drag Claire, Cas and Gertie into the water, Miracle bounding through the shallows after them, tail flailing in delight. He glances sideways to Sam who’s raising a hand in welcome to Linda. ‘You’re lucky your wife is deaf, to get away with blaming your shitty driving on her,’ Dean says, then adds, ‘Bitch.’
‘Dean!’ Jack calls out. Part of him yearns to turn at the sound of his name. It’s the part of him that John ingrained into him with a firm hand on the shoulder and a gruff command of, ‘Look out for Sammy.’ The part that held his brother close when he fell and scraped his knee, or was crying after a nightmare. The part that had taught him how to tie his shoelaces, and how to drive. It’s the part of him that’s a parent and it kills him to have to leave his kids behind.
He picks up a chair next and throws that too, relishing in the sound of splintering wood. 'I can't deal with my own crap so I hurl it at someone else.'
'But?' Dean asks, his voice hollow. His eyes slide back to the staircase.
. Feel Dean's hips rocking up to meet Cas' thrusts and his nails scraping violently down Cas' back; feel sweat slipping between his fingers as he knotted a hand into Dean's hair; feel the coiling flush of blood rushing through his body, down into his groin, his balls tightening, his hips losing their steady rhythm.
Still stained in angel blood and the dregs of grace.
When it did come, it wasn't from the angel blade piercing Dean's chest. It poured from a cut in his own arm. Absently, Castiel had stared at the wound to his vessel's skin and had dropped the blade to the floor. Naomi had charged on over as Cas started dabbing a Banishing sigil onto the wall beside Dean's head, as though playing through an old memory.
,” Cas growls, something feral glinting in his rapidly dilating eyes.
The angel huffs, "That's the idea," against his clavicle.
He's semi-aware of Cas' lips touching his own, hyper aware of Cas' hands letting go of Dean's to rub down his sides. Every movement designed to be gentle, coaxing him back to reality.
Claire
Number two hundred and three saw things get back on track.
Dean doesn't respond. His brain has been a constant stream of white noise since watching the angel walk out of the bunker. He knows he should answer his brother but for the life of him his voice seems to have left him too.
Cas laughs properly at that, throwing his head back and Dean's stomach flips. It's a beautiful sight and it sobers Dean to the core. 'I'd forgotten,' Dean says in barely a whisper, his voice betraying the gravity of what he's about to say. Before Cas can answer, a furrow in his brow, and a question on his lips, Dean continues, 'I'd forgotten the person - angel - you used to be.'
Cas’ mouth is on his in an instant, hot and filthy, tongue curling behind Dean’s teeth before he’s even really registered what’s going on. Cas maneuvers them, turns Dean until he’s facing the bar, can feel the solid planes of Cas’ body tight up against his back. Cas nips at the nape of his neck and growls, ‘You really want to know?’
Cas’ thumbs swipe them away, fingers curled into the short hairs behind Dean’s ears. ‘Try and sleep now,’ Cas says softly.
Dean takes another mouthful of whiskey and cocks his head to Cas. "Thanks," he says. The alcohol has flared through his system much quicker than it normally would and it settles a warmth in his gut that spills between the places between bones. He measures a gentle glance in Cas' direction.
‘Still a kid.’
But he's alone, thank G- He's alone.
"It's certainly the lesser of two evils, yes Dean."
Cas huffs at the gentle insult, but climbs into the passenger side of the Impala without a word.
“Good?” Cas asks, teeth grazing the swell of Dean’s collarbone and, because Cas is apparently a cocky bastard now that he’s human, Dean can feel the way his mouth smirks into the question.
to kiss him. 'I want - God I want to.'
Cas touches his neck again, trying to stem the steady trickle of blood. His eyes soften. "I'd rather be human," he says with a shrug. Like it's no big deal. Like it's not monumental. Like he hasn't just given up on eons of angelhood to live and breathe and die human.
And Cas wanted more, needed it but Dean was being slow and teasing, fingers delicately tracing patterns across Cas' skin 'til he squirmed. After several minutes filled with Cas' desperate seek of friction, Dean finally relented and ripped Cas' jeans down in a rough motion. The boxers went too, though they didn't make it down past his knees before Dean's mouth was on him, nuzzling and sucking at his hipbones like they were the most interesting and beautiful thing the hunter had ever seen.
She kills the call and Dean looks over at the shelves he’d been installing, thinking. Before he can stop himself, he’s opening his laptop and ordering a giant rainbow flag to hang in the bar window and a stupid ass bumper sticker proclaiming, ‘Proud Parent’ with a rainbow either side.
Can't get to his machete, or his gun. Can't really fucking move at all. Just great. Mother fucking -
