. The kid looks up, eyes swollen, face drawn. “What?” He croaks, frowning.
Ah. Just when Tony thought Steve might play nice, tonight.
“It’s not because you’re worth it,” he sneers, abruptly. “Don’t go thinking it’s because you’re pretty, or rich. I can have all the pretty, rich omegas I want.”
“Yeah. Anything below… probably flats. It’s already got built in office space, and it’s the first building to run off arc powered — “ Steve halts. Will any other building ever run off arc reactor technology? Or has humanity’s advancement come to a halt, a sudden plateau, just like that, hit a wall, because now Tony is dead.
“I want to wear whatever you want me to wear,” Tony smiles, eyes shut.
“Fell in with a rough crowd, huh?” Steve is pressing kisses along his jaw. Tony turns his head to give him better access.
Tony lifts his chin, bares the line of his neck. “Okay,” he says, moving his lips as little as possible, “look at me, Steve. I’m so open for you.” He grips his wrist, makes him stroke down his throat. “I’ll do anything you want if you touch me there, you know I will.”
Shame burns through him like a heat fever. Stupid bitch. Pierce is a better man than any of them, he doesn’t need
The man’s an ass, but Tony can’t deny a kid. “Sure,” he says, “you got a pen?”
Thunder. Lightning. The congregation gasps, and the acrid smell of ozone fills the air. Thor is walking down the aisle between the chairs, he’s wearing a dark suit, his hair is tied back on his head in a bun. Steve wants to laugh, almost hysterically, because it’s so inappropriate that he looks like an Armani model, and Ross’s eyes are bulging from his head like he wants to swing around and get Thor to sign the Accords right there and then.
“Thank you,” Steve had said by way of greeting. “Thank you for all of this.”
“I would like to help you, though.”
and the adrenalin kicks him back up again until he gives up in frustration, sits up, rubs at his eyes.
"We are."
Tony smiles, traces his finger up and down Steve’s forearm. “Hah. Because I realised, actually, you don’t remind me of anyone. You’re not really the type of guy I go for.”
His hand snakes up Tony’s back, fists in his hair, pulls back his head. His free fingers are loosening the catch on Tony’s pants. “Do you know what I did to him?”
He flips the screen in his face. Nine missed calls, seventeen missed messages, four voicemails. Tony shuts his eyes. For the first time, he wants to cry.
“My royal line ends with me,” Tony hears himself, blunt. “I can’t breed.”
"Good boy." Steve hums, working the rope over Tony's wrists until the pattern is solid, thick and sturdy. He tests the grip. "Too tight?"
“I prefer male presenting, anyway.”
She doesn’t have this problem. She lost the day she was born.
“I won’t.”
He hears,
He’s damaged, the second voice keeps telling him, softly softly. Tony you know that, you know he’s always been so lost. You always protected him. Look how young he is, Tony, he was so scared, and he got Bucky back, the one thing he wanted more in the whole world. You could have supported him, you could have just supported him through that, Tony, compromise could come later. You were supposed to be strong for him, you were always supposed to be strong for –
“Yeah. And you know what? One of the best weekends of my life, so. Don’t go threatening her for reparation or some crazy alpha shit.”
Steve is tracing the soft, silvery scar that wraps around his lower leg, just a little before the curve of his foot. “When?” He asks.
“Yet, you’re nearly forty and trying to rile up a guy you’ve known – a couple days at best, into giving you a good fucking in conference room at work,” Steve says, eyes slipping lower to where a thumb is now picking at the button of his shirt. “The full package.”
“I was high,” Tony spits “I was – thinking, I don’t know, maybe it would be less busy, or – I’m not going in there. I’m not leaving the car.”
Tony shrugs a shoulder. It’s the truth – he doesn’t know. His guess is as good as Pierce’s.
“I’m not worried,” Tony says calmly, and it’s almost true, because with the meds it is hard to be worried. The room falls quiet, though, and Tony wonders if it’s something he said.
Comments are literally my life's blood, especially on the OC's and plot so far!
Steve’s eyes narrow. “Do you think I’m joking, Stark?”
“No,” Fury corrects, “this is the real deal, right? You tell me – is there a difference between what you just saw, and those cheap benzos you get on the street? Or even the more sophisticated shit, the kind of thing that puts you in a heat.”
He unzips his fly. "C'mon," he says softly, holding himself at the base, massaging slightly. "You're gonna do so well, aren't you Tony?"
“Seventeen?”
“I was wondering,” she sighs, before she turns to leave. “I’m not — I don’t have anyone. No family here, I mean. I can’t afford to see my brother, or go home, so I was thinking — hey, why don’t you come for Christmas.”
“Yes,” Steve says, automatic, not thinking. “Wait, what – why?”
Oh. Someone is singing. Tony is very, very tired. He's had a bad day. And now, someone is drawing their fingers through his hair. Their nails scrape gently over his scalp. It eases the nausea, and the pain. He starts to float.
He sees Steve shut his eyes, which means he’s won. “Fuck you,” he says again, hating himself. “Fuck you,” he says, because he knows what Steve said was true.
She’s the right mix of chirpy and reserved. She talks, which means Tony doesn’t have to, and if that makes him comfortable then, well, that’s best. Tony keeps a wide berth from the rest of the team; upon meeting Bucky in the hallway, his response is to look the other way. Steve doesn’t mind, because for all intents and purposes, Tony is getting better. He wakes in the mornings to walk Mosely, long, meandering things, which – while always in view of the compound – he’s allowed to take alone, trusted. Sometimes, he’ll discuss whatever he’s reading with Natasha, tentative at first, and then long talks which digress into heated argument. His moods appear to balance out. He even puts on weight.
“You uh, talked to Jane recently?” Natasha asks, sipping from a spoon.
He can’t breathe. His lungs are compressed against Steve’s body, his stomach has nowhere to go. The light from the arc reactor is shrouded completely. “Rogers,” he wheezes, panicky, and so, so awake. “Rogers, I can’t – wake up. Wake up, you’re hurting me.”
“I can take it.”
Steve rolls his head to look at him. “Yeah, Tony,” he says flatly, jaw tight. “I had fun. Why don’t you just go, now?”
Tony sobs. “I had to do it. I don’t want to do it. Sometimes it hurts so bad – like a knife. I wish I didn’t have to. I wish I was alpha, or beta. No one’s going to look at me anymore, not at all. They don’t listen to me because I’m me, it’s because I’m pretty, it’s always been that way. I don’t want – I’m – “
“No. I like
man, a
So Steve and Tony pick a grassy plain, just overlooking the small houses below. That night, they stand there, urn in hand.
“Tony.”
Tony doesn’t even know what the words mean. He tries to lean forward again to kiss his mouth. He thinks that’s what they want from him, and he’s so hot he wants to give it to them.
Now, though, Tony’s fingers grip his shirt, tighten so hard the buttons pop, and he can feel his hands shaking through the flimsy material. “You see?” He’s hissing “You see? I knew I wasn’t ready, I knew it. Look at what they do to me, Steve, look at what the meds are doing. Can’t you see? Can’t you see what happens to me when I take them?” He holds up the back of his hand, spotted with four red scars, perfectly circular and evenly spaced. “That isn’t normal,” he spits “this isn’t normal.”
“Not when the Captain’s around,” Tony says, honestly. “He thinks it’s bad for me.”
A beat. “Tony,” Steve starts, “about Killian – “
“Do you remember? The last Christmas?”
“Sure,” Fury encourages. “Open it up. Tell me what you think.”
“Well, I do,” Steve says shortly. He twists, pushes Tony off of his lip. “Hope I helped. Go get some rest.”
Steve is quiet, for a while. “Why do you like that, Tony?” He asks, inquisitive.
He spreads his fingers in Tony’s mouth, coaxes him to whimper with a strong, long stroke across his sensitive gland. “I’d never make you scared,” he says, softly. “I’d never make you do something you didn’t want. You’d want to do it, though. You’d want them to all know. Maybe, I have to punish you one day.” Steve clucks his tongue. “Maybe, you’ve been bratty, you’ve pushed it too far with some brass. And then, I guess I just have to put you on my lap, make sure they know who owns you. I’m stroking your sweet little neck, and you can’t even control how hot you’re getting, and that’s what happens when you step out of line. They’ll know, I have a hold of you. And they will never cross you, not so long as you have me.”
is gone.”
Steve’s throat feels thick. Worse than that – past the exhaustion, and numbness, a bleeding in his brain. Not physical. But drip by drip. And now Thor is murmuring, saying,
he makes sure to rectify, quickly, “but because I would like to have words with you, Rogers. I’ve had time to stew. Twenty-one days, to be exact.”
sounds disgusted. “Pierce, this – Jesus, it’s – “
Pierce stares at him, for a long while. Tony casts down his eyes.
“Cap?” Someone calls, and it’s Clint, Clint who is scaling down the hole, a quinjet high in the sky and Steve, for the first time in days, manages a smile.
“Rabid. Hard, maybe. I never used to look for the worst in people, always, but this new world is difficult. People don’t say what they mean, and when they do, it’s rarely kind. I want – all I need is home, you know? If I just had somewhere…”
“Well, then I like it,” Steve tells him warmly. He finishes clearing the worst of it of off his skin, and then urges him to the bedroom, sits him on the bed. “Where do you keep the bandages?”
"Hold it in." Steve orders, swooping down to catch his knees in his arms, picking him up. Steve is running, and Tony groans, his pressing his head against his chest to try and keep it still. Everything is so fucking blurry, he doesn't remember the quinjet taking off but he's aware that he's in Steve's arms. Maybe he blacks out. He must black out. Or maybe he just sleeps. Either way, when he awakes, he's not in a hospital.
He holds Tony there, chest heaving. "God," he croaks "God, Tony, you're -- you're so perfect."
Tony glares at him. He can’t quite shake the feeling that Steve could have avoided falling 2000ft if he’d been more careful, and the fact he wasn’t irritates him. He makes a short, stubborn noise with the back of his throat. Pushes at his shoulders.
“What?”
He pulls back his head, his mouth split wide by Steve’s thick digits, effectively gagged, bridled like a pony. He tries to voice a complaint, shoving back into Steve, which only seems to heighten his pleasure. There’s spit running down his chin, he can hear himself – gagging, in time with Steve’s thrusts, and this can’t be allowed, he can’t just sit there and take this, this – this –
Steve is quiet. He sits on the side of the bed. “Well,” he says, reaching down to pull the blanket higher over Tony’s chest, “it would be hypocritical of me to say not to.”
“Mmm,” Tony hums, wrapping his fingers in the loose ends of Steve’s bowtie. “It was funny, back there, when you made the guy thank me properly, don’t you think? I haven’t seen that shit outside of a civil courtroom since I was a kid.”
Tony had told him to go, kissed on the lips and wheedled,
Steve is silent after that. Thor doesn’t speak either. They sit in companionable quiet.
Tony hooks his thumbs under his waistband, pushes down his pants. “Sure,” he says, “okay. Kinky. You want to explain to Fury why you stole the clothes of the innocent omega who just
“Immanent,”
Interlude
"No. I'm concussed, Steve."
Diana hums, sits herself in a chair, that same chair Gus had sat in once upon a time. “Yes,” she says “I suppose he is. A pity. Death is too clean cut, I wanted to torture him. I wanted to make him suffer.”
Diana chuckles. “I was pretty once.”
Sarah stays behind. “You’ll be okay,” she says.
Tony nods, processing this. “Okay,” he says. “Well, that makes sense I guess. That’s better, than knowing — I don’t know,” Tony laughs slightly “that she had just — left, or something. That would suck. So I guess — Christmas here then?”
“Of course,” Tony snorts. “You go apeshit, maybe get put in a cell overnight. There are lots of people who’d like to see that.”
Tony is tired. So tired. Sore, too. “Just tonight,” he mumbles. “T’s cold.”
“And if I hadn’t,” Tony presses, not angry, genuinely curious. “What would you have done?”
Sarah is silent for a moment. “I’ll take care of him, Mr Rogers,” she says very softly. “You can be sure about that.”
Tony’s eyes travel down to the suitcase and canvas bag at his feet. “You’re packed,” he says.
“Oh, he screamed.”
Tony laughs, lets his cheek rest against Steve’s chest. He’s so relaxed, all warm and fuzzy. “Go on,” he says, “you know you want to. I can guarantee – guarantee – that it won’t even be close to the weirdest thing I’ve ever done.”
“Thank you,” he says, voice hoarse, and then shudders, goes slack.
“We should find somewhere more private.”
Tony can scent,
“Was good to me. I don’t know what Rumlow told you, but it wasn’t as if I planned…”
“He’s aggressive.”
He dips his head, then, to the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, lathers the area with saliva that feels like molten lava, bites at his gland with teeth that – that –
Tony roars with pain, lurches forward; Pierce pushes against him, thighs on Tony’s thighs, hands on Tony’s arms, pressing until his wrist ‘pops’ in its socket. Tony slams his head against Pierce’s once, and twice, dazes him enough to snap his shitty, broken wrist back out of his grip, drop the knife, snatch at it with his good hand –
“Thanks,” Tony says, only mildly suspicious. The helicarrier is manned by a ghost crew, practically – what the hell went on here? “Where is he? Is he – “
He can smell Steve’s response.
it says. And he sets the coffee pot before he goes to bed, because he doesn’t think Nick will be sleeping tonight.
“Do you want to go out tonight?”
He sits there, and watches Steve slip through his fingers.
“I hear he can be an ass.”
“No,” Natasha sighs. “I don’t doubt it.”
Pepper considers. “Sure,” she agrees, “I know he did. You can love more than one person, Steve.” She tilts her head, raises her eyebrows. “You hurt him.”
Tony reaches over and snatches the album away, tucks it under his arm. “You have ten minutes to explain why you’re here.”
Tony blinks hazily at him, a strip of come dripping off his eyelash. Steve gently brushes it away, gathering more seed on his fingers.
of us.”
“You technically never stopped paying for my education, so. She’s sort of your number one fan.”
Tony smiles. He tips back his head, beams. "You mean that?"
Killian laughs. Tony is in control, though. This is his choice. He chose this. No one has forced him, put his name on a contract and held his hand while he signed, no one is tying him to a bed, no one is dangling a carrot in front of his…
“That would probably be your dream, huh?” Ty leans in against the wall, one arm bracketing Tony’s head. He’s safe, obviously. These are SHIELD’s New York headquarters. There are at least six security cameras in this hallway alone.
Steve’s eye twitches. “I’m here for you, Tony. You told me to come, for you. You
"Am I allowed -- "
There are knives here, Tony. You could do it if you’re fast.
and have friends, and get invested, and I thought – that’s just not fair.”
“No, I’m – “ Tony laughs. He hadn’t realised this meeting would be so – intimate. “Are we waiting for other guests?”
Steve winces. "Come here," he says "don't kneel."
He had wanted something from Steve, in that moment. Some kind of balm, a self-soothe, even though after he had spat in his face. In that tight, brief moment, his hands on Tony’s back, frail, there had been no animosity. Like friends. Like –
“Nick wants you in DC,” Tony says, shortly, tired of the games. “You’d be heading up a team. It would be regular work. I think you should go.”
“Sorry. I don’t know you very well.”
Tony nods, sleepily. He’s drooled on the glass counter-top, his head tucked into the crook of his arm. “Mmm hmm,” he agrees.
Sarah takes this at face value. “Thanks.” She says shortly, and leaves.
“Not long.”
“Well go on then, tell me why the nineties were your favourite decade,” Steve had smiled indulgently. “Make it good.”
Tony appreciates that she doesn’t deride him thinking that every set of parents has enough money to support their kids. Instead, she tells him to set aside the stress balls and pick up a pen. “Draw a picture,” she says. “Start with something simple – let’s see if we can work on those lines.”
“Why would people do that?”
“We’re burdened with knowledge,” Tony says, like that’s supposed to make sense. “I told you. I told you what was coming, I – couldn’t stop it, I knew. You know?”
Steve doesn’t understand, and he doesn’t sleep well. They drink, all of them, until the early hours of the morning, and when the others go to bed he offers to clean up. He ends up sleeping there, head pillowed on his arms, on the floor of the living room. Sometimes, he thinks anything is better than the bed they used to share.
It’s raining. Steve’s feet are wet. Hands on cards, cards should be in pocket, why isn’t there a teleprompter, surely when something is televised they give you a teleprompter? He runs over advice in his head: look up regularly, if you fluff a line wipe your eye like you’re crying. Ad lib something about how grateful you are that Tony secured your pardon, and how you know he worked so hard for you, the team, the world.
“And? I’m always drunk.”
“With Ross at the helm? Not a chance.”
“Hmm. He had other things to be good at that took more time. You know he was writing a lot, towards the end. I’m not sure what. I would ask him. Every night, he was writing. When you were still in Wakanda, and after.”
Tony knows.
He moves him, picks up his wrists to pull off his shirt, slides it out from under his shoulders. Tony’s arms fall limply back onto the bed when he’s done. He drags down Tony’s pants, inch by inch. Then there’s a hand in his hair:
“I probably should have been.”
Steve kisses his throat, gentle. “You don’t realise what you do to me,” he murmurs, thumbs at Tony’s wrists.
“I think – I think you do wear a collar,” Steve says, sounding a little regretful. “I know that’s not modern, I guess. But for as long as I owned you, I’d want you to wear one, and you want to do it, too. When people see you – they know. I don’t like fancy toys, and tools, and
He trails off. They sit in silence.
Tony frowns, tilts his head. “What happened to the omegas?” He asks.
Steve shakes his head. “What, Christ, what’s she going to do?”
“Is that so?” She says, and it’s the first time her voice has taken on a cruel edge. “Then what does it feel like to be taken down by someone who doesn’t even rank?”
“Thank you, for meeting me here.”
“I like the gag,” he murmurs, after a time. “I know you don’t. If we do this again – I promise you get to choose, next time. If there is a next time.”
Because he always comes back.
“Only my soul, Captain.” Gus drawls.
Steve is quiet. He rolls up the bandage, zips up the kit. “Please don’t – make yourself do those things. Don’t use yourself that way.”
“Right. I was going to say – don’t feel like you have to come. I mean – unless you want to.”
Tony thinks, he tells him this because he knows it’s the most important detail. Everything else is secondary.
“So ask him yourself.”
“Do you love me?” Steve had blurted one evening. “Tony, please. Do you love me?”
“Look at me, Tony. Open your eyes.”
“I was thinking, Tony,” Sam says, and Tony thinks he must be talking to him. “I could take you to see Rhodes, if you want. He’s unchanged, but… I don’t know. I like to think it would do him some good.”
“You’ve made a mess in your panties,” Pierce tells him, roughly. “I need to take them off. You’re not going to create a fuss.”
“That secret, huh?”
He wasn’t invited. Steve probably doesn’t want him there. He’s maybe even got some pretty young thing, some omega, who goes to church and is blonde and helps out with the homeless. Tony builds
Tony nods. "I understand." He says "I -- I get that."
“Fight. We’re trying to break down the chemical components now,” Hill’s lips twist, pausing to let Tony through a doorway, “point is, it triggers extreme fight response.
“I didn’t ask, but okay. You must know this is more than that.” Fury narrows his eyes, scents him, just slightly; “you do know that. You’re nervous.”
“I just want to know what you’re wearing,” Steve says, with an air of innocence.
Steve hadn’t paid much attention to Tony’s physiotherapist. She’s short, maybe, by Steve’s standards; just a little under Tony. Thick, curly black hair and a very pale complexion, with a strong nose. That’s about all Steve had noted, other than she looked kind and spoke fast.
I could understand if – he’s an old man, Tony. He’s vulnerable like that, please. Don’t tell me… you wouldn’t, would you? Not really.”
“It’s not enough for me, though,” Steve murmurs, massaging his throat. “It’s not enough to just
“Thanks.”
“What, you just like your omegas ass-up and silent?”
He can practically
“I don’t know,” she says, turning. “How did it work out for you? What do you have left?”
A nurse tells him he has a guest. This surprises him; he hasn’t been allowed any for awhile, on account of his violent tendencies. The nurse tells him he should bathe, and she’ll send someone to shave his face. Tony lets them.
"Isn't it?"
Thor leans down, offers out his hand, which Tony takes. “I see them too,” he whispers, helping him stand.
“Yeah,” Steve clarifies. “Is that a problem?”
Tony swallows. “I dropped the glasses.” He says.
He hears them murmuring, whoever they are, when they think he’s sleeping.
“Peachy,” Steve spits. “And you know what, Tony? I’m not clever. I’m not some rich, educated, suave motherfucker, with a fancy degree in a made up specialism, and if that’s what you want – fine, by all means, take that. But don’t string me along,” he cries, shaking his head, “don’t – don’t invite me here, and then leave me, like I’m disposable, like I don’t matter, because
He’s going to fix it. All day and all night, he tinkers with extremis. The doctors have floated around cosmetic surgery, skin grafts, but Tony doesn’t want something that’ll make him look pitiable. He’s going to fix it entirely. He can. He will. In the meantime –
“Have you slept with anyone lately? Other than me?”
He knows where Steve is doing Soup. At the soup kitchen. Steve is – he’s a good guy. So he volunteers on Christmas to help give out food and stuff. Tony isn’t a good guy, but no one’s ever really minded, so he doesn’t care. You don’t need to be good when you look as good as Tony.
“So push him,” Fury says simply. “Steer him.”
him. His body, his mind, every part of him, to get what they want. Tony doesn’t want to be instrumental. He just wants to exist as an end in himself.
He pushes inside him gently, still kissing along Tony’s jaw, his throat, collarbones. “Beautiful boy,” he sighs, one hand curling in Tony’s hair, barely dominant. His thrusts are short, slow, like he’s afraid to make noise. “I’m not gonna share you. No way. I don’t want you in anyone else’s’ bed, you hear? I’m alpha, they know the line.”
Which as good a segway as any. “You often feel like – like you have emotions you can’t control, Steve?” He pulls up his knees, tucks himself against the couch, head bent slightly to the side to bear his neck.
“Oh yeah? And you smell like…” Steve trails off. “Perfume,” he lies.
Captain. You missed me, for one. Sent
“I hope,” Pierce murmurs, “that he won’t be late.” Tony wonders what he’ll do to him if Steve is late, or if Steve does not come. He doesn’t want to be scared, but he is – a mindless kind of fear, simple, an aversion to pain, a dread in his stomach.
Tony can’t really make out what Steve says, next. Pierce laughs. “Oh no,” he says, “there were consequences. The loyalists were glad of his company,” he smiles down at him, thumbing his brow softly, scratching idly at what might be some dried fluid from someone else’s body. “He is
Tony nods. “Well,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“The Captain and Ms Romanoff are currently hosting a dinner. I believe Doctor Banner and Mr Barton will be joining shortly. I am sure you will be welcome.”
“Would you like that?” He asks again, simply. “Tony? We’re trying to help you, here. You wouldn’t be the first patient with an aid dog. What do you say?”
Tony scrubs his eyes with one hand, swings his feet out of bed. “Okay,” he breathes. “Okay. Natasha is downstairs, right?”
Tony sounds tired, now. He shuts his eyes. “But, uh,” he frowns, smacking his lips. “I suppose, seeing as this is it, and – and I’m getting sleepy, I think I should say… we had some good times, huh? That little motel, outside Albany. You had to a shirt from the 7/11, remember that? The one with the bird on it.” Tony snorts, smiles. “You looked so fucking stupid.”
“Because you chose him.” Tony says simply, burrowing closer, pulling the heavy duvet up over both of them. “Because you chose Bucky. And I can’t forget that.”
"Where is he?" Someone gasps, out of breath "Where is he -- Jesus, Tony, fuck are you okay, is he okay? Give him here, give him to me -- " Steve collapses into his knees, pushing dirt into the air "Tony," he breathes "Tony, Tony -- "
He had promised he would show them how to make the daisy-chains. They’d wanted him to show them how Iron Man worked. “Next time,” Pierce smiles, nuzzling the baby’s nose, cradling her in his arms.
Steve claps him on the back, squeezes his shoulder. “Relax,” he smiles, all teeth. “Who’s go was it anyway?”
He realises he’s lost Steve, or rather, his bearings – the champagne must have gone to his head. “Woah,” he hears Steve say, laughing at him, or rather, with him; he grips his waist to stop him stumbling, catches his hand. “You drunk already?”
Steve opens his mouth. Closes it. “I’m sure it’s around here somewhere,” he says. “I’ll figure it out.”
“So bear with me, for a moment. We have an alpha: volatile, mentally unstable
“You’re not giving the orders,” he says, abruptly pinning Tony’s wrists to the wall. “Shut up, and take it.”
He’s worn out when he gets back – he’d had to chase Mosely down on a few occasions – and so goes straight to the study where he knows Sarah will probably already be waiting with a coffee Steve has made her. There are two cups today, and Sarah is smiling. “I figured you’d be cold,” she said. “If you can pick it up with both hands there’ll be extra cream.”
“Well,” Tony starts, squinting, trying think of the best way to put it delicately. “Obviously… the omega gene tends to concentrate in old lines, right? Because it runs through the carrier. And it was always a status symbol to have us, not to mention the, uh, the benefits, genetically, of spritely baby-machines who can tend the nest
“You’re going to need to talk to your bankers. Get your advisor — what was his name? You know, the one with the red hair — “
They hold a funeral some days later.
“Tony?” Steve says, quietly.
What’s left, or what was. He’s the first person to even suggest it, while they stand there, ash in their hair, in their mouths, in their eyes.
"Do you... prefer me, when I'm under?"
“What does it smell like?”
He worries, though, about his hands. He wishes now that he had chosen a cleaner method of death, why hadn’t he just shot himself in the head? True, he didn’t have weapons on him during the investigation, but who was going to stop him from buying one? Or why didn’t he just cut deeper, or harder. Why didn’t he jump out the window? Why did he go for the one method that has left him damaged in the aftermath?
“No,” Steve pleads, because he realises what this will be before it’s even shown, “no, don’t you dare, don’t you – “
“With Rocket and Nebula.”
“You’re alright,” Steve is saying roughly, “you’re going to be just fine, Tony.”
“And meanwhile, he had you play the good son, with the contracts, and the – informal contracts.” Pierce holds up his hand. “I’m shtum,” he says, “as far as anyone else knows, nothing happened, nothing at all. They’re certainly not going to hear from me.”
“I like him. So – just in case you were worrying, or… I know Rumlow’s an ass, but, I don’t hate all your knew friends.”
“Mmm,” he whimpers, squirming in his lap. He pulls off Steve’s fingers with a wet ‘pop’. “Whatever you want,” he sighs.
I’d make you mine with my own two hands, and when I’m done, I want people to know about it.”
“Well I think it’s admirable.” Tony says loudly, kicking Steve under the table. “Right, Nat?” He calls as she pushes open the door carrying something large, square, and steaming.
“This could have been avoided,” she sings, strapping his limbs down. Metal cuffs, obviously something unbreakable, they strap around his ankles, wrists, keep him stretched out, hands over his head and body taut “if you had just been nice to me.” Tony can hear the pout. “We could have been friends,” she says with a sigh, and then one finger traces circles up Tony’s thigh, up, up, to the place where it joins his ass. “Maybe even more.” She whispers.
"No no, it's not -- that's not a bad thing. I mean, we're both here, aren't we?"
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Four weeks, Sir.”
“And how would you know that, Steve?”
“Right, how would I know, I’ve only lived in it my whole life.”
“I like to sleep with influential men.”
He thinks, he can remember what happened. Pierce’s face had been close. Crouched by the bed. Tony had already taken off his clothes, desperate bitch that he is. He’d been saying something, voice kind, soft. Tony remembers, distinctly, the feel of his lips when he leaned up to kiss him. He remembers,
“You can say masturbation, it’s not a trick word.”
like he’s a bitch in heat for the first time. He covers his face with his hand.
"I'm fine." Tony says again, tightening the robe around his body. "I mean it. I'm fine, it was just -- stupid muscle memory, it's fine."
“Like the good days?” Steve croaks, rubbing at his eyes.
Steve smoothes his hands over the curve of Tony's ass, laying one sharp slap against the soft flesh. "Crawl." He murmurs.
Nick lets him take his plate, but he doesn’t say anything while Tony rinses it down. Usually, this is the point where Tony retires to the cot. But tonight, Nick says, “How about some cards?”
“I try to forget.”
The tag on his neck jingles. Pierce smirks; Tony tracks him with his good eye, chest still heaving. He picks at the tag. “Do you know what this says, Captain?”
Instead, he smirks. “I’m sorry,” he says, “there’s been some confusion. I’m not here… alone.” His eyes drift past the bar to the lowered lounge, where Steve is sitting, legs crossed, sketching idly against a backdrop of night and lights.
“I think you’re human,” Tony says, quietly. “I’ve stopped putting anyone on a pedestal. Maybe you should, too.”
“Thank you,” Tony breathes, ragged. “I am,” he slurs, “a bad boy, thank you, Captain.”
He positions himself above Steve’s cock, lines them up. Carefully, gently, starts to lower himself down. Steve groans; his voice his tight, and high, fingers scratching on the floor, twisting in his own hair. He seats himself, fully, grinds his hips in short little circles, biting his lip to hold back; when he pulls up, he makes sure to clench, and –
“You eating enough?”
thoughts on how their dynamic is shaping up are welcomed!
“Tony,” he insists, “and – what is this, on the record or off? Am I being interrogated?”
"No. You're planning."
But he’s not afraid. There’s no risk. The only risk is the one he gives himself; it’s as if he knows, if he walks up those stairs, and leaves this building –
I’ve given you my answer, Steve says bluntly, and Tony feels that stupid rush of pride.
“Okay but I’ll need to clean it. Put some coffee on, will you?”
“Did he hurt you?”
“I’m not a future-teller, Rogers,” Tony mutters tersely. “How was I supposed to know the order had changed?”
“Not forever,” Steve whispers. “Never forever.”
“I’m fine,” he wheezes, turns to smile at him, eyes watery. “If you want me, I’ll be in bed.” He feels his head go hazy. “I can be,” he tries again, avoiding his reflection in the mirror, “I can be… so good, for you. Steve.”
For someone of your age to be sleeping on a shack floor eating military rations, is what he wants to say. It’s not like Tony is old-old. But if he was in the military, he’d have moved to desk work a while back.
“Why, in your ultimate sexual fantasy, do we have to be at war?”
“Vulnerable?”
“Christ, Steve, I saw you with Barnes. I saw what you did to help him, and fix him, and heal him. You would have moved heaven and earth — fuck, hell, you did, you left us here as the first line of defence, you left Tony, the man you were supposed to love — “
“You said you wanted to see him.”
He creeps back just as dawn breaks.
he thinks, before he remembers why it’s not possible.
“Your parents couldn’t help?”
He keeps his wrist there, urges Tony to scent, gently. He feels himself calming, miraculous, the scent of a non-toxic alpha, someone he knows is safe, someone he knows has power, someone he knows can stop them all from doing things to him.
Bucky tsks. “Passcode,” he says, “looks like whatever’s in it died with him.”
room, a room Steve has made for himself. More intimate than his apartment in the tower (they always used Tony’s bed, anyway.)
It just makes colours spark behind his lids, the dark making way to more visceral twists of vision, greasy, uneasy tableaus that reek so sharply of distress and fear that he wants to gag. He wants to pull away, too; he wants to stop himself from indulging it, these awful fucking self-destructive desires to watch those parts of his history, third-person, the way he’s memorised and envisioned all these years.
“It’s important the artefact holds great sentimental value.”
“I’m sorry. I forget you care.”
“Two years,” Tony croaks. “It’s been two years.”
You know what you’re doing.
It had to be special.”
"For me to be happy."
Now, with his head slightly clearer, Tony is just puzzled. How can Sarah have this much patience for him? What has he got to offer her? He’s not rich, he has no power. He’s not charming anymore, nor is he good looking, not since the bags have taken permanent residence under his eyes and weight’s dropped off of him. What could she want? Why is she here?
“Where are you?”
“Ugh, you,” Tony mutters, draining his glass. “Don’t you get it? You. I was in love with you, Steve. I loved you. And you — left me.”
“Am I in trouble?”
“But I’m a bad omega,” Tony fills in. “I took advantage of him, is that what you’re saying?”
“Tony,” he chides, softly. “You want something to drink?”
Tony is paying attention. He
great, though, right? We’re back, ha.” Peter wanders off, repeating it to himself. “Everything is going to be fine. Thank you, Tony, because everything is going to be fine – “
“You’re still wet, I can smell it. Don’t you want something in return?”
“Hello?” He says, voice hoarse, croaking, raw. He swallows, holds the phone between his hands. It feels too small in his grip. “Tony?”
Tony is about to launch into a tirade, but he catches himself. “You’re shitting me, right? That’s – that was a joke.”
“Yeah. You don’t cook, or clean, because I know that’s not you. Maybe, you spend your day doing those – those programmes that you like. You know, with Jarvis.” Steve sounds so earnest – Tony didn’t even realise he’d noticed. “I like to think, you’ll work out on the balcony, or go for walks, and maybe you make some omega friends. I don’t know,” he adds, quickly, sounding embarrassed. “That’s just part of it. Maybe – you do those things. That would be good for you, I think.”
Steve doesn’t look at him. “You’re a good guy, Tony.”
Their next stop is the hospital.
After building work was finished, and Tony officially moved in, he and Steve would come out here to sit, sometimes. Tony would bring his work, which was always so all-consuming, and Steve might paint, or, increasingly, bring work of his own. They’d pack a lunch. It was always pleasant. Tony thinks Steve is having the same thoughts as him but he doesn’t want to mention it. What he does want to do, though, is jump in. He wants to get his feet wet and swim. He wants to douse himself in the clear water surrounded by trees and red leaves and baptise himself, be reborn.
“I heard.”
This is ridiculous. Tony knows who he is. “Uh huh,” he manages, nodding.
do? What does that make me?” Tony isn’t offended, just – interested in the perspective of this stranger, who knows when to back off and doesn’t invade his personal space.
"Suck." Steve says says, quietly. "Good boy. Get them wet."
“He probably just wanted to make sure you were aware of – Christ, of my issues, maybe. In case it wasn’t safe and sane, okay? It’s probably in the fucking HR policy, God knows how many alphas they must get rutting at the six or seven omegas they actually employ to do fieldwork – “
“Gone? Yeah, she’s gone. Happy’s alive, for whatever the fuck that’s worth. But she’s gone. Alone, at her desk, waiting for me to call and – “
Friends. They’re friends.
And Tony continues to sleep, all the way through lunch, right up until dinner. When he finally wakes, his sandwich is stale, the parka rucked up to his hip, skin flushed and hair greasy. He drags the back of his hand over his face, sits up, smacking his lips the exact same way he always used to after a particularly long snooze. His cheeks have more colour, Steve thinks, although that could be wishful thinking. “What time?” He croaks.
And, as usual, Steve’s up his ass. “You’re drunk,” he dismisses.
“That’s it,” Pierce murmurs, leaning closer. Tony catches his scent again, rests the side of his head against the back of the couch, exposing the long line of his throat. “No damage here,” he says, checking for scratches, the pads of his finger just barely touching skin as they drag down his neck.
“You ready?” Steve asks, and his face is kind. Tony tries to smile, but the back of his neck is sweating, he wants to vomit. He wipes his shaking palms against his pants, tries to breathe slowly, doesn’t want to show anyone how nerve-racking this is for him, and yet –
“None of us need to fear each other,” she spits. “Wanda, you need to look Tony in the eye. Tony, I’m sorry, but you need to realise we will not hurt you, not now, not ever.” Not ever again, his mind fills in.
“I’m sorry,” she says. “I should have said I was coming.”
The inside of the muzzle scents like the dusty, well-worn cover of Steve’s couch. The more he thinks about it, the heavier his head becomes. Pierce tells him to look at him, and he obeys, immediately; there’s so little space left in his head for independent thought.
But Tony sighs, lets his head fall back. “As it happens,” he grumbles, “I’m unlikely to ever have words with you again. And if you’re alive, and if – somehow, I don’t know exactly – this ship is ever found, and they bring this helmet back down to earth, you’ll see this. You might be an old man by then.”
They sit in silence, then. There’s not much else to say.
“But he’s out there, right now, bringing your Captain to heel,” Pierce says, breathing ragged. “Why?”
“It will take three days,” Nebula tells him, turning back to the controls.
"I don't think -- " Steve's voice is unsure "I don't think he's sleeping."
Tony’s eye twitches. “Control me, huh?”
Then, he pushes the lead into Tony’s hand, signs some papers. “Just like when you picked me up from the ward,” Tony dead-pans.
Steve smiles. “He’s not my friend, he’s my boss.”
They fall back into silence. Tony thinks maybe Steve has gone to sleep – his own eyes feel heavy, contented. It’s such a fucking luxury to just be able to lie here this way.
Tony thinks.
Steve isn’t smiling. He’s serious. And underneath the mild vestiges of fight, and the scent of irritation, there’s something thicker, darker. Maybe lust.
"Apples."
Tony takes himself in hand, squeezes his cock, lifting up on his heels slightly. “Yes,” he croaks, distantly aware that – fuck, he’ll regret admitting it later, right? Too much ammunition. “I want to be taken in hand, I fucking deserve it.”
Steve chooses to draw with a borderline-alcoholic omega, older than him by a decade, who’ll make his way through a bottle of wine and a half before the evening is through. It occurs to Tony that it’s quite sad; Steve is supposed to be at his peak of youth. And he’s spending it with Tony because… what? Fear of the unknown? Because he’s the kind to settle for the first thing to come along? Or maybe, just maybe, out of genuine affection?
Rumlow leans forward. “Yeah, I’ll bet you are,” he mutters, lip twitching. “I bet we’d see just what kind of bitch you are if the Captain wasn’t there to protect you.”
He tangles his fingers with Steve’s. Like this, it’s nice to pretend.
When Tony called, he would let his phone ring out. He would ignore his texts, not even glance at his screen, just to pretend to himself he hadn’t seen them. When he heard Tony’s voice calling out, across the kitchen, from the study, he would wince, dread the moment he’d have to smile and ask Tony what was wrong, or make conversation.
He asks her if there are people hiding in the house and she tells him no. Tony doesn’t know if he can believe her, but he decides to take a chance.
“I am
“Right,” Pepper lies, “we’ll have to catch up sometime.”
“No.”
Tony wants him to say worse. He wants to hear Steve heap praise on his ability, call him out for being the dirty whore he really is, drooling around alpha dick in a stairwell, naked in public, hands and knees on the floor where he belongs. Maybe to alleviate the pain of Steve’s fingers in his hair, or just to touch him, any part of him, he reaches up his hands to curl around Steve’s fists, kneels there while he fucks his throat and just takes it, drooling with no protest.
Poor Tony, he can't quite catch a break/
Another day, they sit on the grassy hills that make up their estate. Steve is lying on his back, head in Tony’s lap, while he murmurs under his breath, reads his book. The air is warm. It smells like flowers, and chlorine.
“Come down to DC,” Steve says. “We can talk about it, over dinner.”
They don’t talk on the drive back to the tower, although the silence is companionable enough.
"He took a nasty hit." Natasha says.
“Increasingly. You called?”
He shrugs a shoulder, forgets Steve can’t see. “I don’t know,” he mumbles, “I guess it’s like – taboo, maybe. Or, it means I can trust you, I think. If you can be vulnerable, it means, you trust me. It means you’re not always scary.”
“How’s it holding up?”
And then Tony is there, projected against the wall, slumped. He sighs, rubs a hand across his face. “God,” he mutters, rolls his eyes. “Where to begin with you, huh?”
“Was I needed to aid you in tearing yourselves apart?”
“Tony, I – “
“It isn’t real, Tony.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You hate me,” Steve croaks. “You must hate me, then. All these months…”
“Tony,” Steve croons, long and low, head buried in his knees.
Someone holds his hand. More than that – they turn his wrist over, flatten his palm, draw a figure of 8 over and over. He can’t hear, he doesn’t know. His nose tells him – maybe it’s Steve. Scenting like lots of fight. It’s no good, him being so full of fight, he’ll want to fuck, probably. Or maybe he’s –
Tony’s eyes snap open. “What the fuck?”
“Shh, shh, shh,” Steve soothes, stroking his thumbs across Tony’s cheekbones, hands cradling Tony’s ears. “Look at me. Just look at me.”
Tony stares. “I’ll need a copy of this.”
“Surgery.” Tony had explained. “Arc reactor. Other things, too. Best kind of therapy is to… face your fears.”
“Ross. Ross is after me. That’s it? It’s done, are you sure?”
The flinch is quick, sudden, and Tony comes down from it fast enough that he prays Steve doesn't even notice. But he notices, of course he notices, he's a soldier. It's his job to be responsive.
“And you just expected me to go along with that, despite having no evidence to back it up?”
He’s shaken. “Yeah,” he agrees. “Pepper,” he says, and rests his hand against her back, as gentle as he can.
Maybe it would have felt claustrophobic once. But now it’s more protected than Tony’s ever felt. Who could hurt him here, safe under the earth, with Steve at his back. The thing – the pain, or tension, or fear – in his stomach dislodges, then dissolves. He forgets.
But Gus shakes his head. “My name is Gustav,” he says “not Gus, I was, back then I was pretentious, and I thought, I thought ‘Gustas sounded cool.”
“He was happy to let you languish in a hospital,” a new voice points out. “He was happy to commit you to the system. I’m not saying – that it’s right, I’m saying that the system isn’t so bad. He’ll get the help he needs, real help, not supersoldiers who think they’re therapists because they have a therapist.”
Instead, covers his eyes with his hands, drawing up his legs, elbows on knees. He hides, until he thinks it might be safe to come out.
“Stark.”
NO!, the other voice blazes, listen to Steve, listen to how much he cares about you, can’t you see how worried they all are? They just want what’s best but they don’t know how to handle it. You have to hang in there, Tony, don’t kill us. Just hang in there, you’ll see, you’ll see it’s not so bad. You have so much more to live for, so much more to do.
Steve pauses for a beat. “I would remind you,” he says, very very gently, “that Bucky is… not well. Just as much as you are not well.”
He’s temped to throw it in the trash, but he wants to see it, like ripping off a band-aid. What’s the worst it could be? A framed photo, maybe, one of the awful ones Tony’s let him take of him drooling and bound with a tie, like he’s a puppy, a lamb for slaughter. He flips through, tries to find the lurid sketches of him, legs spread wide, or riding Steve’s cock, or lips spread obscenely with a gag.
Also, if this is filled with more mistakes than usual it's because i've been working on it at ridiculous hours of the morning and words are just kinda blurring together.
Steve kisses it, he mouths along the thin trace, the circle of whitened flecks around the olive skin on his ankle. You don’t get scars like that from piloting a suit, or bullets, or even knives. Slow, blunt damage.
He stares at her, blinking. "What?" He slurs.
“Meaning?”
Steve buys a new collar, and lead, and harness. He buys good dog food and two bowls. He forgoes a coat (the dog looks built for snow) and purchases a select of chew toys and tennis balls.
And Tony sighs, then, releases something Steve didn’t realise he was carrying. “Did he – did he say anything? About me? Or about – any of it?”
Steve makes a voice like a wounded puppy. He tosses his head, mumbles incoherently, fists a hand in his hair.
I know it's rushed, I just figured it's better to upload something shorter than never upload anything? If you enjoyed it, thank you! If you're still reading this, thank you! If you have any comments on the ending, or if you enjoyed the story, please leave some below!!
He pulls Tony’s shirt off his head; he gets thrown around a bit in the tussle, letting Steve slam him back against the glass. He seems to take him, all of him: Tony knows he’s a catch. It’s gratifying to see Steve lick his lower lip, eyes hungry.
“Real. Flesh and blood. Both of us, we’re here, understand?
“Let me paint you a picture,” Pierce is saying. “Are you listening, Captain, because I’m only going to say this once.”
“Jesus, Steve,” Tony mutters, covering his eyes, “not again.”
“I know,” Steve says. Tony hadn’t realised he’d even spoked aloud. “This does feel good, doesn’t it Tony? To have someone take care of you.”
"It's not about me not wanting to, you know. It's not just that I don't want to, to spank you," Steve winces over the words "it's just, Tony, honey, you have, you have problems, you have your own problems, and it's my job to -- "
Silence.
he makes himself say. There’s drool pooling in his cheeks, and it’s hard to swallow.
“Chocolate chip or thin mint?” He asks in lieu of addressing her statement.
Steve talks to the driver, unfolds a thick wad of fifty-dollar bills. Bribe money, Christmas money. A thank you, for dealing with Tony’s bad behaviour. “I’m sorry,” Tony says, blinking snow out of his eyes while Steve tugs him away, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
He smiles down at him, now, still poised with his tongue out, hands behind his back and legs spread. "I'm going to feed you," Steve says "okay?"
“You’re right,” Tony tries, frantically, “it’s not safe, it’s not. I was a stupid, silly bitch for thinking I could – please, Steve. Please, calm down.”
“In all his future battles,” Thor continues.
“Good.” Tony agrees.
The man’s hand is on his wrist; lightly touching. “I’ll buy,” he says. “A scotch,” he tells the bartender, “and another gin for my friend.”
“Okay,” Steve croaks. “Okay, steady. That’s it.” He slides his arms beneath Tony’s legs, his shoulders, lifts; his body drapes, head back, lifeless. No one moves, and because Steve is supposed to lead, he tells Rhodes, quietly, “Take Pepper. Get her something for the shock. I’ll make sure – he’s comfortable.”
Which might be true. But if Steve wanted a relaxed conversation, he would have chosen the lounge, not a conference room eighty floors high bracketed by glass on all sides where anyone can see.
“Steve!” Tony recoils, the violence shocking him. He scatters back, palms slapping against the floor. “What are you – “
“No,” Tony gasps, and when he looks up, his eyes are full of tears “fuck, no, you’re lying, you’re—”
Tony shrugs. “Because you’re a judgemental prick.”
After, Sarah drives him back in silence. He’s tired anyway. She says she’ll be back in two days time to start therapy again.
“We were,” Dalcher says. She wears her hair clipped back in low bun – Tony used to be so fascinated by her hair, the way it feathered on her shoulders. “Briefly,” she adds.
“You’ve still got Murray stuck on you, did you know that? Now,” Steve says, in a patient, explanatory voice that is somehow both domineering and kind, “I figure you want me to get that nasty scent off of you. Or maybe, Murray didn’t give you all you wanted, and you’re still a little bit riled up. Well, I’m pack alpha, so I can help you out, Tony. That’s what I’m here for.”
“Will they let me?” He whispers.
“Don’t be foolish,” Diana says, coldly. “I’m offering you food. You do not want to starve, now, Stark. You need your strength.”
But in the dark, all he can do is stare at the ceiling. He’s exhausted. Sleep should come easy. He pulls Steve’s sweater over his nose, but there’s no comfortable way to lie down, not with his ribs still aching and being all splinted up. His nose is still stuffy from the fever, his lungs feel sore. His stomach hurts, and every time he coughs the pain is searing. He’s still pissing some blood.
Tony thinks. “Oh,” he remembers, “no, that was just – I mean, sure, maybe he went too far. But he only wanted him to pay me reparation.”
He plunges into Tony's mouth, hot and warm and perfect. Steve grunts, one hand steady on Tony's head, the other gripping the edge of the couch cushions. "I wish I'd thought of this sooner," he says, breathless "wish I could have done this while I was working. What do you think? Could have had you under the desk, sucking me off."
Gus blinks hazily around the veins in his wrists.
Steve looks away. “C’mon, son,” he urges, “it’s no use.”
“You should have – should have woken me,” Tony blinks, “how long did I…”
He can hear shouting outside the makeshift tend they’ve erected. He frowns, pinches the IV in his arm, pulls it free. “You shouldn’t,” the nurse warns, but it lacks conviction, like she knows she can’t stop him, and IV doesn’t matter anyway.
A lot of time for Tony, in fact. He doesn’t question it, doesn’t overthink it. He just knows this: Steve would not have asked him here, tonight, unless it was important to him. Gala, the President is here, Fury is here, Alexander Pierce is here, and Steve is the man of the hour.
Christmas, unfortunately, is rapidly approaching. It’s two months. Tony has not yet visited Rhodey in the hospital, nor has he called Pepper. She also hasn’t called him, not once. Tony knows that his attempted suicide was pretty widely reported, and he knows Pepper isn’t cruel. He figures she must be going something of her own, and decides to let that be.
"We can keep him overnight for observation?"
Warning for Diana. And her disturbing imagery. Eeesh. No actual torture, but still. Diana is not a nice person.
Bc I know what I want it to be, honestly, I just wonder if people have picked up on the right thing, you know? This has turned 128% more plot than i thought it would be when i started.
Steve fingers tighten in his hair to the point of pain. He makes an unhappy sound – an
Two steady, sure blinks. Steve smiles. "Good boy." He says, wiping an errant string of drool from Tony's chin. "Such a good boy."
Bruce whispers. “He’s killed half of Asgard. I think he’s killed Thor, Loki, and he’s coming for us Steve, he’s coming for the stones – “
Rhodey puts out an arm, as if to stop him. “Don’t,” he croaks, but he’s crying too, and there’s no force there. “Too soon.”
that Pierce’s had been slack in response. That he hadn’t kissed him back.
“Hmm?” Tony asks, sipping from his mug.
“Do you?” Pierce presses.
Tony watches Fury purse his lips, stubbornly. He’s not happy. He doesn’t like that Ross has given away that information. “My name, huh,” Tony says, flatly.
Steve nods. “Yeah, yeah I know.”
Steve stops. He pulls back. “Home?” He slurs. “How’d a pretty thing like you end up here?”
She dumps her crumbs in the trash and leaves. It’s the first time she’s addressed it head on, the first time anyone has said, bluntly: Tony is dead. It leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. Thinking about the day ahead, about the next day, and the day after that, all of them without him, with nothing to look forward to, it makes him —
Tony rolls his head, groans. “Don’t listen to him, Steve,” he rasps, out of desperation, out of anger, out of a need to do something other than sit here like a dumb bitch. “He’s a
“Of course not,” Steve crows, “you’re the full package. Alphas just quake as you walk by, right? They’re
Steve just nods, accepting this. “Give me ten minutes,” he says, fishing out a room card. “I’ll meet you there. Order ahead, get me a – ah, go on. Get me some lobster, would you?”
“You get it.”
Absently, he wipes a tear from his cheek, sips his drink. Pierce is kind enough not to mention it, sitting himself next to him on the couch. “Now,” he says, quietly, fatherly, “let’s see what we can do about this arm, hmm?”
“It was never your fault.”
Gus lets his cheek rest on the ground. “She was going to kill you,” he exhales “very, very painfully. Trust me, I would know.”
“He — he always considered you a friend. His friend, a good friend.”
Steve thinks, weakly.
Lovers.
Steve steps closer into Tony’s personal space, between his legs. Looks down at him, sitting at the bar like he is. Any more, and their chests will touch. “Do you want something from me, Tony? Is that it?”
Tony’s face is pained. “No,” he says softly. “I will always wait for you, Steve.”
“No,” Steve says weakly “you can’t, we can’t leave him, just,” he struggles to stand, he’s so weak, he feels so tired “if you don’t feed him he won’t be strong enough, just, you must have brought blood?”
can be Iron Man. No suit, Tony has to tell them, sadly. He didn’t think it would be appropriate, a suit at a child’s party.
“Oh, you like that?” Steve smirks. He’s bracing his hands against the railing, as if to support his weight. The tip of his boot, well-polished, rubs so gently against his balls, rolling his sack against the leather. “Poor bitch,” he says, voice saccharine sweet and mocking in a way Steve would never be outside
he thinks, feeling choked. God. Steve, please. I want us to be okay. I’m going to do everything I can to make us okay again.
Ugliest of all are the scars which reach up his forearm. Tony decides he will never wear a t-shirt again, not in Arizona in the heat of summer, not in the fucking desert. He never wants to see those marks again. He doesn’t need reminding of his utter lack of hope, and his complete failure to achieve even the most basic of things.
“I’m fine,” Steve lies easily. “I’m readjusting.”
Tony shrugs. "It's nice to know you're here for me. Not for... I don't know. Not for whatever reason vampires imprint."
A string of drool has made its way past Tony’s chin, dripping onto his chest. Steve ignores it. Instead, he shifts his grip up so his hands are near Tony’s breast, lets his thumbs stretch out to circle his nipples. “Pretty,” he says, almost reluctantly, like giving him a compliment is a chore.
“So do I.”
Sam sucks his teeth. “Alright then. Well I tried. But I’m here. We’ve — we’ve already lost someone, Steve. We don’t need to lose another.”
How did he know? Probably Tony wasn’t as discreet as he’d hoped; leaving the cupboard under the sink wide open was a tip off. Tony touches the glass to his lips and it’s thrown to the wall. Desperately, he hangs onto the carton, spraying bleach across the floor as Barnes tries to levy him out.
“I don’t know. What do you need me for now?”
"Anything."
“I think, I must really rattle you, Tony,” Steve tells him gently. His hand slides down from Tony’s neck, but he doesn’t make an attempt to sit up. Instead, he lets him settle his palm between his wings. “Me, being here. Taking what you thought was yours.”
Pepper visits, one day.
“You say that,” Steve’s voice comes from behind him, “and I think maybe you’re talking about me.”
Steve dabs fingers to the side of his head, and they’re red. He smears it on his fingers. God, Tony had bled. It hadn’t been that fast, either. Slow and sluggish. And then —
“I’m glad you think I’m a big deal,” Steve laughs, clapping his back.
Steve’s gripping his jaw between his thumb and fingers. “Watch your mouth,” he says, watching Tony’s. Fixated with it, actually.
“He had, uh,” Tony exhales, “the stuff he had, it – had me in a compromising position.”
Tony stabs his fist into the crook of his elbow, again and again. Nothing lights up. There are no tell-tale signs. Just receptors vibrating impotently, enough to let him know there’s no reception. Tony is drugged, right? Definitely drugged. He scented it, and it’s done this to him. He’s scented it before, and there are muddy puddles in his memory. He makes links. He makes a
“I didn’t say that.” Tony is only half teasing, now. “Just curious, my steady alpha friend. What’s gotten into you? Have a fight on the way home? A bust-up on the street? Or did the little omega oldies at the care-home turn you on?” He says, mildly malicious.
“I try. You don’t like to listen.”
He slips where the sweat from his palms slides down the door. He catches himself on a marble counter, hand clutching his chest. Relax, just relax, and breathe, breathe, breathe.
“You’re surprisingly lucid,” Pierce notes, taking out a cigarette, lighting up. “Sit down, if you have to. I’ve heard it can be pleasant. Oh, sure – try to call the suit,” he laughs. “That won’t work here.”
Steve tells him to meet him in the conference room.
When he opens them again, it’s raining harder against the windows. The TV is on, CNN playing at a low volume. He frowns, muggy; Steve’s feet are on the coffee table, ankles crossed.
“I’ll never be allowed to do that.”
Tony’s teeth scrape his fingers. He shakes his head, spreads his legs.
But on the good nights? Tony would dance, and he would laugh, and Steve would laugh with him. He would swing Steve around the floor of his small apartment, clear out the couches and coffee table so they could dance. Tony would rifle through Steve’s records, bring his own, ones he bought as a teenager and out of sentimentality never threw away. He keeps them at Steve’s so they’re always ready to play.
"Turn what up?" The nurse says, patiently.
he thinks, drowsily. And then he sleeps, anyway.
Pierce sighs. Folds his paper, fishes out – Tony’s cellphone. “You can tell him that,” he says. “He called me last night, you know. He finished his mission, couldn’t get a hold of you. Thought I might know where you’d gone.”
There’s a picture there, of Tony towards the end. His face is more lined, and he’s smiling, strained, like someone has told him to pose for the camera. One hand is tucked in his hair, the other holding a pen while he pours over papers. Steve recognises the shirt: this was probably the last photo that was taken before —
He’s saying something, but it’s blurry in Tony’s ears. He strains his eyes desperately to his peripherals, pulls back his chin, as fucking submissive as he comes. Please don’t touch me. Please don’t touch me. Please don’t touch me. Pierce is saying,
The man’s jaw is so tight it might snap. “Captain – “
“Is that all?”
Steve gives him a confused look. "Of course." He says "Toast? I have jam."
“Who?”
“Steven,” Thor greets. “I hope you don’t mind, but I intend to stay awhile. Settle my earth affairs.”
he says.
“At thirty-two? You really think so?”
Steve is behind the glass. He’s curled in the corner, naked, bruised, bloodied, more vulnerable than Tony’s ever known him. “Oh,” he breathes, “my poor Cap. What the hell have they done to you?”
“I don’t. I’m here as a favour.” Tony turns. “Are we done here, or?”
There are other things I can't say. Things I'm not allowed to say. What I will say is this: there is a world you don't know about, Tony. And it's a world your father will do anything and everything to keep you out of. We are inherently selfish people; if continuing to build missiles is what allows you to have a straight, clean, easy life, then Howard will ensure that this is what you do. I can't believe I've written all of this. I've sat on it for so long, but you should know. And I'll have this delivered as part of my will.
“Let me finish. On a consultant basis
“Just get on with it, Rogers. I’m watching the clock.”
“And you thought you’d tell him?” Tony presses. “Why?”
He buries his face into the covers, wraps his arms over his head and curls up, tight. Diana sighs.
But the security lock is disengaged, flashing red.
Tony just about manages to swallow. “The others – “
me. He said – we were the same. He knew me, he
“Excuse me?”
“I didn’t kill him,” Steve’s quick to reassure him.
comments loved. weird chapter, would like to know what u think!
“I doubt it. We have fun last night, Captain. If you don’t show up, it won’t be so fun for Tony. I can’t say he’ll enjoy himself much.”
"Yes, honey. We're going up. Having fun?"
he growls, shoving his shoulder into the window, “I
A beat. “Are you going to come back inside?” And then, “I don’t want to leave you out here. It’s dark.”
She doesn’t say ‘riots’; she could, but she doesn’t. Steve appreciates it. “Yeah,” he says, “well it’s good to see you.”
“It’s fine, Steve.”
"Yessir."
“You smell like that fucking no-name tech,” Steve grunts, pushing his knee between Tony’s thighs, “and I never know what you want.”
Tony thinks, or tries to, while Pierce fetches a medical kit. Heightens what’s already there. Steve hadn’t meant to hurt him; he’d been afraid, unaware. He’d thought he was protecting him from a threat that only he could see. He’d saved omegas from alphas trying to take them against their will.
“Don’t hurt him too badly, now,” Pierce warns. “Nothing broken. Just get him scenting of something good and scared, see how much of Rogers we can lift from him.”
Rumlow stops in front of a door, releases him. “I’m sorry,” he says, eyes cold, face – hard. “I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this level of animosity.”
“What could I have done?” Strange mutters, voice so soft with shame.
“He knows why he’s here, doesn’t he?” Pierce asks. Tony opens his eyes, fully, for the first time. He sees only smears of colour, peach and pink, black of tuxedos, cream carpets, yellowish light. All of them blurring together to something like a shade of scotch. “Ask him again.”
He’s sitting up, between two alphas whose legs touch his. One of them cups his inner thigh with his palm, squeezes, rubs him softly. Tony is sensitive there. The alpha picks up his leg, strokes beneath the garter, trails his nails all the way to where skin meets silk-covered balls. He doesn’t remember the question.
“Where is he?” Tony asks, resigned, already pulling at his top button.
“I’m rich, I’m pretty, I’m clever. You could work all your life and not achieve a fraction of what I’m worth. I think I’ve earned it.”
“Hey,” Steve says, “if you’re some blue-blooded, fancy bitch, does that make me your bit of rough?”
Two blinks. Tony raises a hand, shakily wipes his mouth clear of spit and pre-cum. He takes a moment, resting back, legs still spread by the bar between them.
“Can I hear you?”
"I hit my head." Tony says "I, I hit it and now I'm concussed."
Steve thinks, when he steps forward, ground rough under his boot.
He realises, belatedly, that he has a fever.
Tony’s ears are ringing, sucking in breath, gripping his throat. “What’s wrong with him?” He wheezes, “what have they done to him?”
“Must be hard, huh? Being so well-hung. My heart bleeds.”
“And we’re both happy.”
She ruffles his hair, stands. “I’ll be fun, don’t worry, darling.”
Because? How to say it. “What I mean,” he continues, still focused on Steve’s hand, “is that – those tapes, the ones online, I mean, they show me having great sex, having a great time. And while most people will see them and think, damn, that bitch is a whore, they’ll also come away with – on some level, an awareness that I was in control of the situation, and I control myself, and they can’t – touch me. Does that make sense?”
“Here we are.”
Tony eases himself back down against the pillows. “I’m not some virgin O, Steve, I’m Iron Man. I’ve killed people, often, and I don’t lose much sleep over it. I’m not sure what secrets you carry that are too much for me to handle.”
“That’s what I like to hear,” Tony says, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “Hey – where’d your shield go?”
Hand in his hair. Pulls back his head. Tony doesn’t fight it.
Tony rolls his eyes, wiggles his ass. “Sure, sweetie. I love the feel of you.”
Tony nods. "Yessir." He slurs.
“And what about the mansion? What about – “ Tony throat gets clogged and for the first time he thinks he might cry. “All my mom’s stuff. Did they sell that too?”
Steve’s brow is furrowed, slightly. Like he’s fretting. And then the whole thing comes tumbling out. “I don’t know why you let him touch you,” he says, like it’s an admission. “I could tell you didn’t like him, right from the start. And then he said he wanted to see you, and I just
“Why?”
“What do they look like?”
Tony recoils. Steve… isn’t joking. He means that. Tony holds up his hands. “Okay,” he says, “whatever you say, big guy.”
bidding?” Tony asks. “I could turn him against you if I wanted,” he adds casually, because it’s true. “So long as he gets to live out his traditional impulses – it’s all superficial. He’ll do what I say.”
it. Tony always took up space; his voice preceded him, his thoughts too big for the mortal coil. To sit in a room, on a planet, in a universe where he no longer exists –
“How will you pay?”
“Excuse me?”
Steve opens his eyes. Yes, from his angle his coat is bent over Tony’s chair, and clear as day, poking out the inside pocket, is his glock. “Well,” he says, carefully, “you told me the alpha’s could be mean.”
“Okay.”
“Of dinner.”
"We'll do it as much as you like."
“I always look good. Tux suits you, who chose it?”
He’s slid his hand onto Tony’s nape, holding him. Firm. Not quite to the point of pain, but – a warning.
“Am I really,” Pierce muses. “So, let’s play this game – I give you three statements, which one’s a lie? Fury isn’t a dead, he’s a been an alien decoy since the 90s. Or maybe, this soldier isn’t a soldier at all, it’s Bucky Barnes, your old friend. Or, actually, Stark is carrying, and the baby is mine. Which is it, Rogers? Because one of them’s true.”
(No, he wasn’t.)
The erogenous zone behind his right ear has been burnt dead – Killian probably did that on purpose. Dirty slut, he probably deserved it anyway, right? He probably… it’s all…
Pierce makes his apologies, tells him he’ll find him before he leaves. Tells him, he doesn’t recommend the food, and it’s an open bar. Tony helps himself, tips generously, and lets people crawl over him for the next four and a half hours.
Steve groans.
Sarah has been crying. He sees it in the way she’s splashed water on her face, skin blotchy and red. “Good for you.”
“Through the wormhole,” the human mutters. “Saw death, came out the other end.”
"Where did who go, Mr Stark?" The nurse says.
“I thought you meant emotionally.”
“I couldn’t stay,” Steve croaks, pulling back. “I just wanted… I found this.” He holds out the box, with the helmet and the photos and the letters. “You should have it, she should…”
“Sure I do. I used to have kale smoothies all the time when I was rich and had people make them for me.”
“Yeah, well…” he trails off. He’s cold, he realises suddenly. The shirt is too thin, and he hasn’t got a coat.
“Nick suggested Richards.”
So Steve takes the release papers coldly, only nods. “Right,” he says “I know. That’s obvious. Anything else?”
And now he sleeps curled on his side, sweltering under a duvet, and parka, and sweater. He’s kicked off his sweats in the night, so his legs are bizarrely bare other than the thick coat. And they’re so thin, Steve thinks, once, Tony had laid in bed while Steve slowly made his way up his left leg, pressing kisses gently to the sensitive soles of his feet, calves, his soft inner thighs. Tony had snorted and giggled and fucked Steve the way he liked to be fucked, long and slow with a good burn in his muscles and sweat on his skin as he pushed himself back on Tony.
“You keep pushing me,” Rogers asks. “Why is that?”
That takes a week; a week after they tried to save Tony, and failed.
“Some of us are more discreet, Tony. Just because I don’t fuck my omegas on the kitchen floor doesn’t mean I don’t fuck them.”
“But – the fighting?”
fucking my neighbour. I don’t even look at my neighbour. C’mon, she’s beta, Tony. I can’t do that, you know I can’t.”
“I mean – really?”
“He never mentioned it,” Tony says coldly.
It's a repetitive theme: Tony wants to have the right answer. He'll do whatever he thinks will please Steve best. Sometimes, it's led to issues. When Tony gets like this, and he's so eager to please, it's difficult for him to judge what he really wants.
“I know,” Steve says, quietly.
They had posed for photographs but hadn’t spoken. Steve noted that Tony had lost weight. He thought that he looked more haggard than usual.
“No. Do you want to fuck?”
He’s carrying him. To where? The car. They’ll go home in the car, he thinks. Steve hates the parties, he won’t make him. They’ll eat popcorn on the couch and watch TV. Steve will forget to take off his socks when they go to sleep.
He’s holding Tony’s arm, pulling him away, into a back room. “You’re dressed like a whore,” he says, bluntly.
Steve stares, blankly. “The – the films?”
(See the end of the chapter for
me, on a – personal vacation, to share your bed. I think --  “ and Steve chokes, swallows. “I think,” he says again, voice still hard, but more level, “I can expect some commitment, for four days, four days
They had fallen into bed together some time after Loki. It hadn’t been an official thing; Steve was still desperately repressing any side of him that held an attraction for other men and Tony wasn’t much better. They had been angry, fighting, shouting.
Tony shrugs a shoulder, easy. “Humans have their myths. Elysium, Heaven, the Field of Reeds. But I know it as Valhalla. We all do. We’re all here, Steve. Waiting for you.”
He’s rich, again. They ask him,
Your mother, Maria.
Rhodes snorts. “Yeah,” he says “stuff like that. If Thor’s humanoid, and there are other humans out there on different planets, it kinda spits on Darwin’s grave.”
“Why?”
“Sure. Not that I’ve ever had someone give me what I really want.”
“I’d,” Steve groans, pulling out, fisting himself, watching Tony’s sloppy red mouth cough and drool his pre-come down his chin, “keep you,” he says, pushing back in, the wet sound of fucking thick in the air, “on your knees always, you know that? Fury would agree. We could work out an arrangement, some kind of – contract.”
Tony catalogues. Bruce is in Taiwan, he’s sure of it – in fact, they spoke this morning, and he’d been talking about udon noodles. Nothing pressing, or military related. “What the fuck is this?” He asks
Tony isn’t – his head isn’t great. He plaintively snuffles along the scent point on Pierce’s wrist. The skin is surprisingly soft. He doesn’t mind Pierce brushing off an errant tear from his cheek; the touch feels clarifying, sharp, comforting.
“Understood, Sir.”
Pepper grips his hand. Steve shuts his eyes. He breathes, slowly, listens to Pepper’s hitched sobs. In, and out. In, and out.
“Good,” Steve smiles, patting his chest, brushing lint from his suit. “Not so hard now, is it?”
“You’ve… you’ve drugged me,” Tony slurs, half-indignant, half-terrified, or at least he would be, if his body let him work up the panic. “You bastard, you – “
Natasha relents, easily, and they hold the service at night for her ease. The plot he has marked out in the graveyard, the Stark plot, was buried with an empty coffin weeks ago. This is more personal. This will be Tony Stark’s final resting place.
His smile is cold. “Because he stole it,” he agrees, pulling Tony’s shirt and vest down over his shoulders, baring his chest. It’s cold in the stairwell, near freezing, in fact.
“Tony.”
“Steve, I – I’m not in the mood.”
“Those new panties – where’d you buy them?”
Tony has choice. He has
“Which is?”
“Sure,” Steve smirks, leaning down to smack Tony’s ass, “you know, make sure your needs are met.”
warnings for this chapter in the end notes = read if uncomfortable with themes of sexual coercion / non-consensual drug use
“No,” Steve says quietly, and the relief is stinging. “We bought it. T’challa bought it, as it is. It’s untouched.”
Tony does this, but his face scrunches as they take off. "I'm going to throw up." He manages.
Tony is gone.
Tony thinks.
Tony shrugs. “Yeah, I guess. It was nice, living here.”
he presses, tugging Steve closer.
Tony shoots her a glare. “What’s this?”
“Oh yeah?” Sarah asks, equally lazy, but a forced kind. “And how was it?”
“I don’t want it. I don’t want any of it.”
“Were?” Tony prompts.
“Oh yeah?” Steve says, patting his mouth. “You never talk about her.”
“Yes.”
“For Christmas. Unless — I understand if you want to spend it here, you know. They’re your friends. It’s just you mentioned that you don’t — like it, exactly, and — “
Tony thinks. Concussion. Concussion. Con-cuss-ion. He must have hit his head. He reaches up, pats along his scalp. His hair feels dry and brittle and a few strands come out with his fingers. He stares at them in the palm of his hand. Con-cuss-ion. He blinks, looks at Natasha. Her hair doesn't look as dry as his. He tries to touch it, to see if bits come out too.
Also, to the anon who asked if fanworks are okay, absolutely!! You don't need to even ask, just credit.
“Where is he?” Clint says, standing “Where’s Tones?”
Tony rolls back his sleeve, lays his arm out on the table. He traces it lightly with his finger.
Tony shuts his eyes, hands grasping to fist his hot, swollen prick, to finger his sloppy pussy. “No,” Steve orders shortly, kicking his hands away. The sole of his boot rubs once, hard, against Tony’s cock; his eyes water, his prick jerks.
And he needs Steve. Steve's warmth, now, his smell; coffee and vanilla and something else. Something Tony can't place. Something Steve-like. He needs all this and more. He needs to drift. He needs to sleep.
Tony does feel tired. Very, very tired. Tired enough that it's a struggle to keep his eyes open. "Okay." He murmurs.
Carefully, he cups the back of Steve’s head. “Me,” he whispers, in his ear, just for him. “You own me, Steve, you know that. You can make me smell like you, again.”
"No." Steve says, easily. "I mean -- I love when you're under but -- it's nice when I have someone to talk to."
“It’s not okay, it’s not.” Tony is trying to pull away violently, running his hand over his hair. “It’s ruined, it’s done, I have nothing. You don’t even see it, you can’t even see how you keep lying, and lying — “
Tony feels like his head is spinning. Maybe it's the heat from the bath, or maybe it's the start of a bad drop, blood pressure rising, hands shaking, yeah, you'd think so. He stares at Steve, sitting on the bed, and he just gets on his knees, buries his head into his own hands because he can't even bear to look, he doesn't even dare look at Steve. "You're right," he says, head bowed "you're right and I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I'm sorry for being so wrong." Tony wonders if he should list, but he figures it might be an overkill. His head hurts, now. Fucking perfect.
“Jarvis said,” Steve is saying softly, hair sleep-mussed, wrapped in a robe. “It’s cold, Tony. What are you doing out here?”
Tony presses his nose into Pierce’s throat.
"Whatever you want, Sir."
“Like falling asleep?”
“Well, you keep doing that, Tony. After your gala, with Pierce. Don’t stay at the hotel. Come home, see me.”
“The way I acted was absurd, it was – if I hurt you, if I scared you, Jesus, Tony. I’m so sorry.”
"What?" Steve says, and Tony hears the frown in his voice. "I'm not -- God, no, I wasn't angry, sorry. I was just thinking."
“So?”
“It must be hard,” Pierce says, ripping the sheet off an anti-bacterial wipe. “He’s so… strong.”
“I know.”
“I wasn’t a good friend,” Bruce murmurs. “None of us were.”
“Skeez,” Tony finishes, breaking away. “Don’t you go thinking that’ll work twice in one night.”
“Ah,” Tony says “yeah. No, it’s meant to do that. I forgot.”
Natasha continues talking, and Steve lets it wash over him.
“I’m,” Tony swallows “I’m fine! I’m fine, just – ” his voice is high and reedy “don’t, don’t come in, don’t – ” crashes back into the island and knocks over the wine glasses, sending them cascading to the floor “don’t come in!” He pleads “Just – it’s fine, I – ”
“A long time ago,” the man confirms, “a long, long time ago.”
“Knot you like you deserve, huh?” Steve is saying, pulling out, wet and sloppy, the air stinking of Tony’s scent, heavy with lust and something even worse – almost like a heat, the pheromones drawn out by Steve’s dominance play. “Use you.”
“Missed me?” He asks softly, teasing himself, “Or missed this?”
“Don’t call me that.” She says smoothly, laying a dish on the table. “Enjoy.”
“Probably,” Tony agrees. “Maybe biologists are right on that one.”
“Yeah. So, keep that in mind, next time you want to have me all to yourself.”
It's loud. Tony winces, tries to back away from the abrasive noise, the jarring light. Fucking hell, did he go on a bender? His head, his fucking head -- there are bright spots of light shining in his vision, cutting, like a sharp noise. He tries to shut it up, although he's vaguely aware that light doesn't make noise.
“I have anger. And fear.”
“What I did to you, those last years, if I could take it back. If I could take back every second, every word, every punch — “
The man is ducking through the crowd, past the bar, heading for the exit. With this in mind, Steve pushes out of the fire-escape; when the man comes, walking hurriedly down the alley-way, looking over his shoulder like a worried dog, Steve is already waiting.
The nurses tell him but he doesn’t know. He shakes his head.
“Diana,” he croaks “vampire. Head vampire, it’s a… it’s a long story.”
Steve frowns at him. “Why are you wet?”
"I just," Steve rubs the back of his head "I don't know. It gave me headspace, it gave him grounding. Having him safe made me feel like... it made me feel like I was doing something right."
But at Christmas, Tony just sips dolefully from his wine. He’s barely touched dinner, and he’s feeding his lamb to Mosely. “You shouldn’t be here,” he mutters eventually. “I’m bringing you down.”
“Away. You don’t have to fix it. You could just let me fade, like the rest of them.”
“Steve,
"Sure, why not?"
“Next time,” Steve promises, indulgently.
“Aww, Steve. You read my file.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not just about you. We’re a team. Your actions reflect on all of us.”
“So do I,” Steve murmurs, knowing that Tony means the gala. “You’d think they’d get easier, huh?”
“I know,” he says smoothly. “It’s why I tried to kill myself. Wouldn’t you? I was in love with him. He ran off with someone I could never compete with. I had nothing.”
The time stone, given back to the Ancient One, loose-ends clipped neatly.
“Maybe we could have done better,” Peter concedes. “I don’t know, Mr Stark. Maybe – we could have got the gauntlet, I guess. But what then? Would you have had it? Because, no offence Mr Stark, but you’re probably not the best – “
“It’s alright, Mr Stark,” someone says. “No need to panic. You were trying to hurt yourself, that’s all. Would you like something to drink?”
“If this works,” Bruce says dubiously from behind a screen. “If you’re telling the truth.”
"A scene a week would be fine." Tony murmurs, lying back in the water. "As long as, uh, he said something about maximising contact throughout the day, so." Tony wiggles his fingers. "Lot's of touching."
“There are more of us? Out there?”
Whatever is left of them, no doubt. Steve doesn’t hold out hope. It could be all of Rocket’s team, it could be none of them. It could be one of theirs.
Steve is momentarily elated at Tony’s easy capitulation. He calls down, and within ten minutes Natasha arrives with two burgers without buns, a side of salad, and some soda. She carefully sets the tray down on the side table and picks up the old, untouched, stale sandwiches. She puts a straw in the drink so Tony won’t have to lift it with his shaky hands, and she’s cut the meat into small cubes so he won’t have to. She helps prop Tony up on pillows, saying nothing, not even making small conversation, but showing her ease and forgiveness, her own repentance, in the gentle way she smoothes the blanket over his lap, places the tray carefully on his knees, and brushes hair that has stuck to his cheek behind his ear.
“Fine.” Tony rubs his nose, shrugs.
he says again, pinching him by the scruff of his neck, his sensitive, soft nape, all those fragile nerve endings ready to be plucked, ready to make him hurt.
“God,” he whispers, and holds back his choke. “I’m sorry. Fucking hell, I’m so sorry.”
“Jesus, Steve, he’s
Steve holds the phone to his ear for a long time. He doesn’t know why he’s — what is this, jealousy? Tony is allowed friends, he’s allowed friends outside of this corrupt, hyper-dependant team. It’s good, it’s healthy, and Sarah is a lovely girl.
“When was this? Why did no one tell me – “
“But I mean, if things had turned out differently, do you think we’d still be standing here? Or do you think — in another world — “
“No, actually – I was wondering, could we let bygones be bygones? I have a photograph, my nephew – you know, he’s omega. And he just thinks you’re the bees knees.”
“Keep going,” Tony prompts, out of curiosity and – and leaning into it, slightly. Steve’s voice is smooth and calm, and the water is warm. He wants to live in Steve’s world, just for a bit.
It would be so stupid to let this go. Protection is everything.
Whose eyes are clear, now, and looking down at him. “Stark,” he says, thickly. He scents like shame. Shame, shame, shame, and even distress, which upsets him.
"Theoretically? No. But the win never hinged on Tony just being able to slap on a glove and click his fingers -- " he ignores Steve's wince " -- it was about making sure he didn't know, until the exact right moment. Because, if I had told him," Strange says, and his face
Also, the next chapter m i g h t take a while, and I mean it this time, so, gah, sorry. But I'm 100% committed to finishing this, it's so much fun to write!
He waits for her to add something, to ask him how he slept, to just — to at least acknowledge the fact that Tony is no longer here and yesterday was his funeral. But she doesn’t. She just puts her plate in the sink, washes her hands briefly, and turns away.
“And why can’t you live your life? Because you’re going to see me again one day, no doubt about that. When you know the time is right, the time will be right. One day, Steve, you’ll — need to give up. And you will. Your body will make that decision for you. It made it for me.”
“You know?”
“Steve told me you were here,” she says quietly. “I went down because you wouldn’t return my calls. He said – that you had a trip up. That the doctors won’t let him visit.”
Diana, the cure, Gus, who wasn’t dead, Steve who is.
“Did you save anyone?” Steve says again, this time more gentle.
“Nope, no. That’s fine, I can guess the rest. You didn’t, uh…”
“Tony,” Steve says quietly.
Gus exhales thinly, chest rising and falling, every breath a struggle. He tugs at the buttons on his shirt, pulls it apart, exposing his right breast.
“No, stop.” Tony sounds annoyed, “I didn’t say leave. I’m comfy. Get back here.”
Tony shuts his eyes. He sips his scotch.
Tony relents. “I know,” he admits. “Tell them to open the door.”
“People know I’m a slut,” Tony tells him. “It’s not a surprise. Uh,” he doesn’t really know how to explain. “The video Ty had – the pictures, too. They were
“You’re asking me to become his fuck-toy. In the name of America.”
“Because?”
Few people are still up. It looks like Potts, Rhodes and Vision held their own sort of wake, one that Steve and company were not allowed to be part of. There are pictures strewn across the coffee table, a younger Tony with a green wig and prank glasses in the shape of a star, cigarette in mouth and eyes wide with drugs, probably. Tony in swimming trunks, much, much younger, most likely as a young boy, beaming proudly. Others, of Howard and Maria holding a baby in their arms, and Tony on his dad’s shoulders. Then, Tony on Rhodey’s shoulders, both of them grinning manically wearing college sweaters, a birthday party and cake, twenty-seven candles and Tony’s face lit by flame, Tony reaching out across a bed, laughing, while the person who takes the photo snaps him in movement.
Steve is not reachable. When he looks up, nostrils flared, eyes red, shoulders taut like a bull prepping to strike. Tony thinks – he doesn’t see me. Or he does, but he doesn’t – know me.
The human groans. He wraps his hands around Nebula’s wrists, tries to get free. “Leave me,” he chokes, “just leave me,
“Sometimes we make stupid choices,” Tony mutters.
“I didn’t ask.”
“Why not?”
Tony’s smile cracks just slightly. “I didn’t want to bother them,” he manages, straightening. “I thought — I just wanted to let you know that, I know I’m not easy, and I’ve been real rough on you lately. Rough on everyone. But I just wanted to let you know that — I appreciate you, and everything you’ve done for me, and — I’m trying to get better. I am trying.”
Ty’s face falls. See, he always did have this – uncanny ability to make you feel like you were the centre of his world, the most important thing in existence, until you told him no. Tony has met toddlers who take being told no better than Ty.
“Tony I — “ Rhodey reaches forward, grabs his hand with sudden strength. “Man, I don’t know what to say. If I could — if I could have stopped, what you went through, or taken your burden for even a day — “
“It does. And we’ll talk about it, when you’re here. But I think it cost you a lot to say that, didn’t it? It was hard.”
“Steve, where are you?”
"No," Strange agrees, "I shouldn't." He arches his fingers, lips pressed tight. "Tony needed to be alive. He was the only one who could master time travel."
“A good man, and nothing more. Am I right, soldier?”
Tony taps it with the bottom of his pen, rests his hand in his chin.
"You didn't have to."
“Are you touching yourself?”
“Cute. Shoes,” he prompts, kicking them in Tony’s direction.
“It will be so long.”
Sick enough that he throws up down his blue blue gown. His nose wrinkles. He tries to wipe at his mouth, but he tugs the place where the IV is stuck in his arm. "I was sick." He says, to no one. The nurse is gone.
he wheezes, “to
Pressing Tony forward, pushing at his back with a hand, so his chest is near Steve’s face. “This is impressive, though,” he admits, stroking a palm over the reactor. “I don’t even want to know how deep it goes. I figure – it must have hurt, to put it in.”
"I looked, uh." Steve scratches the back of his head "I looked into, into counselling, the other day."
Nebula mutters, hitting the engine.
Tony shuts his eyes. “Steve,” he sighs.
The doctor said that the nerves will repair themselves eventually. When Tony does his exercises (squeezing a ball in each hand) he feels them tingle and burn, and the doctor says that’s good, that’s the muscles fixing themselves, growing again. In the meantime, he eats food that someone else has cut for him. He ignores the warring voices in his head. He is civil to Steve.
“My team,” Rocket croons, before collapsing like a dying star. “That’s not – all of them? Quill? And Drax – “
Well. There’s that bridge burned.
"So it was mutually beneficial. For both of us. Uh. I don't know, I asked about it, but it doesn't sound like it's prescribed often nowadays. I don't know what's changed but -- is it not normal there to just take part in day to day submissive activities?"
“And if I find out on Tuesday Caracas has turned into a giant sinkhole? Who should I blame then? Richards, for being incompetent, or myself, for being too lazy to see it out?”
This race is surely feeble.
“I think I might,” Steve tells him, and Tony is too tired to decipher what he means.
“Scrape the bottom, it’ll be fine. By the way, I hope you don’t mind, but that boy who was here.”
“So, the perfect time for you to tell me your deepest, darkest fantasy,” Tony teases, tipping back his head so Steve can see him run his tongue along his bottom lip. “Go on, Rogers. What is it? You want me – in a little maid’s outfit? You want me to be a pack bitch? What about… lingerie. Sex toys? Captain, oh my Captain, what do you wank about on those long, lonely nights when I’m not – “
It’s dark out. Steve sits at the kitchen island, sketching.
“You were a child the last time I saw you face to face. I should have made time, before,” he says, regretfully, “but you understand, I’m not really supposed to get involved with the day to day…“
“For what it’s worth… you were acquitted. I mean – you know that, right? But no one holds you responsible, I don’t – “ I don’t hold you responsible, I never did. Why could you never fucking see that, why could you never understand I –
Steve sighs, stepping away. “His Clint still out there?”
He trails his burning finger tips down Tony’s chest, digs in his nails just below the reactor, and Tony screams; it hurts, it hurts worse than anything, being stabbed with knives made of fire. He arches and bucks and screams and screams and –
“It’s okay,” Tony sighs, because Steve is still hot inside him, twitching, and it’s a – unique feeling. Glorious. “Just a little late night roleplay, huh?”
As if I’m the problem here, as if this isn’t all for you, and because you. Fucking hell. Fucking
Even though right now he has he wings extended. Totally relaxed, unthreatening, unassuming. He’s very good at that, usually. So why does he have his wings extended.
Gus pushes himself up with a grunt, manages to slump against the wall, panting. “I think,” he breathes “my leg is broken.”
“I know that,” he says, defensively.
Tony had turned back to his plate. “No,” he had said, “you’re still young. I was just letting you know.”
This time, when he approaches, he doesn’t speak; he’s holding out a handkerchief, monogrammed, which is a stupid detail to notice at a time like this. “Here,” he says, gently. “Don’t worry. The hallway is blocked off. Take your time, From Stark.”
“I would never – no excuse.”
“In all his future battles,” they reply.
Tony blinks at him, slowly.
“No.”
“Could you — look at me, when you say that?”
Tony nods, quickly, grateful. He takes the cot, tucks himself carefully against the wall. It’s cooler in here than the bedroom. He can listen to Nick typing, and remember that he isn’t alone.
“You know what I think, Stark?”
Steve sighs, rolls his head to the side. He is thirsty, he is hungry. He doesn’t have time for this.
“You going to – make me a shit sandwich?” Tony grunts. He braces his forearm against the table, allows himself to lean forward just a little, letting his brown-and-gold feathers relax on either side of him. He’s letting his guard down. He can’t help it. Steve really does give the most amazing massages.
move,” he croaks, braces his hand on his brow, face creasing. “Because – fine, if that’s the way the cards are dealt, but he let him
Tony considers. Nods.
“Fine. Clothes on, but I get to tie your hands.”
Steve laughs, warm, blurry. “Maybe. You’re not the only one who can be proactive.”
“He tells me everything,” Tony says, blasé. “I think I should – call a cab, you know? Maybe pick up the car tomorrow, or send someone to… was that punch spiked or what?”
Tony grunts.
There’s a thick thigh between his legs. His mouth droops open. He lifts his hands – and puts them on the shoulders in front of him. “Help me,” he tells him, and they twist their fingers in his hair, kiss him. It tastes like scotch, and southern fried chicken. When they pull away, Tony chases.
“But if you did.”
Tony narrows his eyes. “No.”
“All gone,” she says shortly. “Gamora is dead. The rest were dusted.”
Disturbing imagery, nothing massively drastic, but nothing nice.
“Rope,” Steve is frowning. “Rope like how?”
He hurts.
“Hah. Yeah. He’s — make sure they’re feeding him. Don’t tell the guards, they might — “ Tony lowers his voice. “People take things that matter, right? I don’t want to lose him too. HYDRA will do anything.”
"I'm thinking we should make it a weekly thing," Steve says, turning off the tap. "Every Friday night, I take you under. I mean, I don't know, what did the doctor recommend?"
i won't lie i'm a bit stuck on how to take it next. how do ppl want pierce/steve's show-down to go? i know what happens AFTER, i just haven't quite figured out how their meeting is going to play out, so your thoughts are really appreciated
Steve sighs, rolls up his sleeves; Tony frowns at him. “What are you doing?”
The soldier in the doorway. Tony sees him, in his peripherals; he tries not flinch. The soldier says, he’s here. Pierce leans back, heavily. Sighs, and brushes down his pants.
Holding out the bait. Steve snatches. “Sit with me,” he says, like it’s his decision. He clears off his sketchbook, a couple of pillows, pats the couch. “I was wondering about that, what happened, the other day. In the stairwell,” he clarifies, as if it needed to be clarified.
Like, using
“There will be. I suppose I wanted to check in, now that we’re reacquainted.” Pierce fishes out a pack of cigarettes, holds it out. “You smoke?”
Pierce is screaming, he thinks maybe at Ross, “you useless, two-bit sack of shit you nearly
“What did you want me to do?”
“I got what you wanted, didn’t I?”
Go off with who?
“He can’t wait?” Steve asks, mildly disgusted. “He’s barely cold in the ground and — “
She leaves him on the floor of the ship in a crumple. He sobs. She wishes she could gag him.
The tower remains empty.
Steve is too alpha. It’s Tony’s working hypothesis – he’s too alpha, he never learnt to contain himself the way well-bred alpha do. He doesn’t contract an omega, he just takes them. What he wants he gets. And so standing, in this room, out of time and out of place…
“Maybe she’s really just that kind,” Steve says, grudgingly. “Maybe — some people are, Tony. Does it surprise you that there’s still goodness in the world?”
Tony wants to nod. He can’t. Instead, he swallows around Steve’s cock and is rewarded with a shiver of gratification. Steve pushes his boot between Tony’s legs; the leather, the laces, scratching against his hole. And then the mortification is so fucking heated, burning, that Tony feels his entire body flush, can only shut his eyes against it. Steve is tsk-ing. “Look at that,” he murmurs, “you’re dripping all over my new boot.”
“Hold on – you okay? Do you need a hospital, or – “
Maybe that’s too far; most likely, it is, because Rogers shutters off, eyes going blinkered, hard. “You asked for it,” he says roughly, sliding his hand into Tony’s hair,
Instead: he waves a hand. “It’s fine,” he says, “it got away from me. I’ll remember it, though. We have time.”
Sarah nods, because she understands. “Okay,” she says “okay. Be ready to leave after the session. Bring Mosely, if you want.”
They strap Gus to the chair in Bruce’s lab. He seems feverish, almost, his eyes glassy. He keeps blinking, his hands twisting on the arm rests.
Pierce tsks, teasingly. “He wasn’t supposed to tell you that,” he chides.
“Aren’t you something special, with your suits, and your team, and your tower.” Ty’s pupils are blown, slightly. “You’re the most special omega that’s ever lived.”
A heavy hand rests on his shoulder. “Those who go to Valhalla do not leave easy. A world of eternal happiness, pleasure. Would you take that away? Take it away from a man who — who suffered so much, before he fell?”
Comments are loved etc.
“No. I’m tired. It’s – tiring, all of this.”
"The heat. Can we turn it up."
“Rougher than usual, then. Did you… enjoy that?”
“No, I have,” he swears softly. “Not just – the things I didn’t see. I don’t know. You shouldn’t have been tortured, Tony, not for me.”
Steve politely doesn’t say anything, just continues steeping the tea. It’s green. And he respects Natasha’s opinion, but he doesn’t agree, and so when she sighs, gently squeezing the tight muscle that runs from shoulder to throat, he only hums.
“Go away,” he wheezes, rocking. “Just go, go, go. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry – “
I’m pretty, Rogers. The full package.”
I don't know, Tony. Help people, where you can. I always wanted to. I wanted to help the people who came from where I did. I never talk about that, where I've come from. Where you've come from. You're an American boy, through and through, but I'm not. Your father isn't. We're both false in that way. Both pretending. I'm the good wife, to an extent, but he puts up with me, too. We're matched for each other in that way. I know he will never love the way a man should a love a woman, but I've reconciled myself to that. Maybe I don't need love. Maybe I don't deserve it.
“Shh,” someone says “it’s okay.”
“I say what I see, babe. You’re a jealous bitch, aren’t you?”
to you. I always tell myself you want it. You do want it, don’t you?”
He doesn’t let go of his arm. “Steve,” Tony tries, smiling, soothing, scratching his fingers against his grip, “I’m – I’m here for you, I’m – “
Steve nods, tiredly. “Yes, Gus.”
Tony wakes up with his panties in his mouth.
“Tony. Do you think Ross would do this if your positions were reversed?”
“That’s what Aunt May said.”
Strange raises his chin, and his hands, in supplication. “It was the only way,” he starts, and Steve doesn’t understand.
“And I don’t want to think… I don’t want to think I’m
“We should cremate him.” Natasha murmurs. “It’s for the best.”
“They took my wife away. She was insane, obviously. But she would never hurt a fly. The voices never told her to hurt anyone. Mostly they just whispered while she worked. But — ”
“Relax,” Steve laughs, toasting his own drink. “I’m not gonna bite your head off.” The guy is timid, balding, hair grey and fluffy against his head. “It was a long time ago, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve swallows. “Sometimes,” he admits.
“I’d major in philosophy, not biochemistry,” Bruce says, doleful.
Rogers thumb is – massaging Tony’s wrist. A figure of eight. Over and over. Tony gets distracted, momentarily. Just momentarily.
This goes on for a time. Nothing Steve says can calm him down. Eventually, at some point in the two hour drive, Tony does fall asleep. His knuckles are bloodied.
“You never talk,” Tony continues, quietly. “I know when something is upsetting you. When you’re stressed, when you’re scared. You never talk about it. You never let me help.”
(It makes Steve’s heart clench. He remembers other sheets, softer sheets, and a king sized bed, and Tony’s sardonic smile, the smell of smoke and whiskey and Tony talking in that low way he has, resting on his side while the sunlight pushed it’s way over his healthy, strong form -- )
Tony nods, slowly. "How did it help?"
Days go on, then.
"I, I hit my head."
Steve props his head on his fist while Tony smacks his lips, stretches out his legs. “Sorry to wake you,” he says, quietly. “Figured you’d kill me I let you kill your rhythm again.”
“You have no idea.” Tony snorts, pocketing his cell carefully, as if losing it would mean losing them, too.
"Red." He manages, voice so hoarse he's not even sure Steve's heard him. "Red, red."
“Yeah,” Pierce says, and then he half grins. “I am trying to. Can you guess why?”
“Good,” Steve nods, stiffly. “I think you needed it.”
“Good, Steve,” he tells him, carefully sitting himself on his waist, stroking his shoulders, his scrunched face, pained. “You just lie here, okay? Let me do it, Steve, because it’s going to help. This’ll help you, darling.”
So the phone is ringing, and Steve gathers himself enough to tear his eyes away from the shitty fuzzy-boxed TV screen with crackling static. He sits himself on the edge of the cheap, thin mattress, stares at a brown stain on the wall. He and Tony would occupy places like these, once. Tony said that was part of the thrill; donning the wig and glasses, putting on whatever hokey disguise to get past check-in.
Steve’s finger draws a figure of eight against his collarbone. “You didn’t have to go along with it,” he murmurs. “You could have pulled me back down to earth. Or laughed.”
"It'll be warmer inside."
“No,” he seems to agree, reluctantly. “Of course you’re not.”
“As much as he would any friend.”
“I asked, who is?”
“Natasha disagreed,” Tony says, knowingly. He buries in head in the mug.
he spits, pointedly, “won’t be needed.”
“And — I know you’re better.” It all comes out abruptly, in a rush. “With your assets unfrozen, with the investigation under way, I know you’ll be acquitted, I’m not — I’m not a PR guru, but I know things will be better now. They’ll be better now, right?”
“Oh, God,” he mutters, pulling back. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what I’m thinking, I’m – “ Jesus. What the fuck is wrong with him? Tony feels his cheeks heat, the utter stupidity of him, scenting an alpha like that, scenting –
Nick’s lips are pressed together, tightly. He picks up the pack, starts to shuffle them, but he doesn’t deal.
Tony momentarily recoils. And then he barks a laugh. “Weird?” He snorts, loosening his grip in his moment of humour, letting Steve pull the bottle away without much fight. “You think high-functioning alcoholism is weird?”
Holy shit what happened to Tony?
“Can I be honest with you, Tony? There is no such thing as no self-control. It can be hard, sure – but if any alpha ever tells you they had no choice, they’re lying.”
“Do I?”
Oh boy. “Yeah?”
There’s a small furrow in Tony’s brow. To the untrained eye, it’s like he’s confused. Steve knows it’s worse than that: it means he’s hurt, and trying not to show it.
Tony blinks sluggishly. “I don’t know why you’re doing this to me,” he mutters, feverishly, “I’m just an omega.”
“Good,” Fury mutters, ticking something off a list. Then he’s lacing his fingers together, thumbs twiddling. Here it comes, Tony thinks.
“Steve,” Tony mumbles, wrapping his arms around his alpha’s neck.
“That it was perfectly safe, sane, and consensual.”
And stroke his hair back from his head. Tony’s vision is still so blurry. He tries to blink to clear it; doesn’t work. Someone is stroking his hair, though, like it’s supposed to be calming. Tony won’t stop crying though. It’s not working. He still hurts so bad, he’s still so – he doesn’t know.
“Better. Fine. Barely felt it.”
And Tony jolts, back down to earth, into his body. He blinks, stares up at Sarah and – he can’t remember sitting down. “I’m sorry,” he says, trying to adjust. “I – what was the question?”
Tony dreams about him. Tall, blank eyes, milky-blue. Lank hair, dark. That awful metal arm. He thinks about the taste of his lips, the feel of him wrapped around his waist. His tongue against his teeth. And then, under it all, the scent of Steve. The scent of home, somewhere buried.
There’s a bad ache all up his side. His wrist is clammed up in a splint. To stand, he has to shakily rest himself against the bedside table. Someone’s removed the apple, left two pink pills. He ignores them.
Steve’s eyes look guarded, like he’s embarrassed to take the excuse so readily proffered. “I don’t sleep well,” he says, stiffly. “This is why I don’t – I’m sorry.”
Also, next chapter is going to be very gritty. Obviously, Diana now has Tony, so, ugh. Yeah, I mean, she's psychotic. So watch out for violence in that one. I'll warn at the top of the next chapter, too, but just in case.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He reaches forward, peels back the collar of Tony’s shirt. There are bruises, sucked into his skin. He looks at them, and then at him. “I wondered why you didn’t show up,” he says, simply. Like it’s simple. An expectation.
Pierce shrugs. “I won’t kill you,” he says, “you’re far too useful for that. You
Steve laughs, and his scent mellows, goes nice and dozy.
“You don’t — I don’t know, am I overreacting? It feels like you don’t — want me. Like me.”
Tony hovers. “I didn’t ask. Did you – did you have fun, today? With the veterans?”
calls.
He really is in the old world, huh? Tony doesn’t think now is the right time to educate him on the sexual mores of breed terminology.
Tony turns back round, settles back into his bath. "No." He sighs happily as Steve begins to massage conditioner into his hair. "I'm really lucky."
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, if I’ve ever – I never meant – “
says, and Tony knows that, firmly, it’s a fact he can hold on to. “Give him another dose.”
He buries his head into the pillow. Not alone; Steve at his back. And –
“I care. I have standards.”
“Milk then. I should get used to it. I will be here for a while, I imagine. Well, if we live. Which I’m sure we will,” Thor brightens. Tony wonders how he does that, lifts people’s spirits. Maybe if Tony was 1,500 years old, he’d be the same. He claps Tony on the back, making him choke on his stew. “But I hear congratulations are in order!” He cries. “You’re engaged to be married. Marvellous.”
If Tony finds that humiliating he doesn’t let on, and his face remains just as blank as it had been before. Steve decides that he’s probably used to it by now. He rolls Tony to the car, helps him into the passenger seat, and straps him in carefully, leaning over his body, intensely aware of Tony’s every movement, his every breath, and how shockingly skinny he has become. Once upon a time, Tony had been vibrant. Steve wouldn’t have been able to wrap his hand around his wrist and have his fingers meet his thumb.
“You said that — that Steve had called you?”
“Steve says, you’re taking a car,” Tony says, making sure Ty knows that Steve knows he’s there. “Sorry. I know it’s not the style you like.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony says, as levelly as he can manage. This is the kicker – this is the reason Steve’s in charge: his wide, open wings are coming down to bracket him on either side. He’s held. Left, right, and centre. Only place is forward, now. To bend himself, subservient, baring the vulnerable soft middle of his shoulder-blades.
“I’d like to see results by the end of the week. Tell Rogers I have a job for him. Tell him why he should accept.”
“Does he?”
“We’ve lost men,” she tells him, bluntly. “Not Cap’s fault – no one’s blaming him. What was he supposed to do, let them tear those poor things apart?”
It’s locked, but Tony panics, thinks he’ll manage to open it and see him, the stupid fucking mess he’s made. He grunts at him, like an animal, pushes back against the door, but in haste he catches his hand in the shower curtain, pulls too hard, brings the whole thing crashing down.
Instinctively, then, Tony raises his arms in front of his face to protect himself from further blows. He tips his head back and bares his throat. Then, he forces himself to stop cowering, to carefully curl his fists by his ears, licks his lip, and relax every muscle in his body.
“I just thought – those things in your file – “
“How much?”
“Okay,” Tony accepts, voice level.
“When you?” Steve prompts.
The man smirks. “Probably,” he agrees, “I’m surprised you have time for us little people.”
“Stop it!” He screams “Stop it! I want to die! I want to die I’ve had enough! Stop it, STOP IT!”
"We had a platonic relationship. I would... I'd take him down, if he needed it. When subs get called for duty, it's, you know, it's difficult. Back then he took more care of me than -- " Steve swallows, fingers playing with the blankets. "Yeah."
Clint nods. “It’s fine, we brought some for Tony, we thought—” He breaks off, because obviously they thought he would be here. “Pepper said that they were taking you to Tony. We thought he would be here.” He finishes and Steve forces himself to stand.
“You’re at the tower,” Tony corrects, “Avengers tower. I’m here for you, Steve,” he says slowly, even though his cheek is swelling and raw. “Sw – sweetheart,” he gets out, hoping the stammers don’t sound like fear. “Sweetheart, can I – can I touch you?”
And he sings, softly, or loudly. He would stand on the roof and smoke, singing Steve’s favourites while wrapped in his sweater. When you cut through the bravado, and act, and put-on mannerisms, Steve learns that Tony is clever, in the most pure sense of the word. He learns that he loves music. He learns that while his moods can oscillate depending on his day at work, he always has time for Steve. And while the age gap is big, Tony is not quite as modern as he puts on.
Tony pauses. “To sleep?”
“Don’t swallow,” he orders, abruptly, voice hoarse. “Don’t you fucking dare shut your mouth.”
Sarah sighs. “They just didn’t have the money.”
ur thoughts, as always, are loved
This makes Tony uneasy. No, he doesn’t think so. Why would Steve stop him? Because look at everything he’s done for you, the first voice is sneering. Paid for all your medication, put up with all your ranting and raving, you wouldn’t even have Mosely if not for him, and now you go off with –
“So responsive,” Pierce says, mostly to himself. He holds the bandage against Tony’s upper arm, starts to wrap around it carefully. His fingers brush Tony’s skin. “I was so glad,” he continues, “when I heard you’d used extremis. If anyone could make it work, it would be you.”
“Hello?” He starts, tentatively.
“Oh fuck off, Tony.”
Steve just holds tight. Moans, like a sad wolf.
“I don’t need that.”
“Okay,” Steve says, slowly.
Thoughts are appreciated!! We're coming to the end now, plus an epilogue. My last exam is tomorrow morning and after that I have about twelve weeks off so expect a few faster updates.
“You fucking would,” Steve tells him, voice hard, pulling back his boot. “That’s how desperate you are. That’s your punishment, you know that, Stark? No more pretence, is there? You sat in that meeting like not a single voice other than yours mattered, and now look. Look,” he orders. “I said,
“Do I know you?” He asks.
“Also noted,” he says, voice softer. “Look after yourself, Nick.”
Tony moves to uncap it, then stops. “Why?” He asks, slowly. “Is it going to shock me?”
“How old are you? Eighteen?”
They stop talking, then. Steve’s thoughts turn to Tony. Tony, who is at the mercy of a crazed woman, probably being hurt while Steve sits here, waiting for the inevitable rescue.
Richards laughs. Pierce laughs. “He will be,” he says. “Go on,” he allows, indulgently. Tony sees him, sitting there, in his chair. He has one, clarifying thought: you will not win.
“Is it?”
It's not even a hospital. It's one of those mobile doctor's vehicles. No wonder everyone's all over the place. Was there a battle? Is the battle still going on? He can't hear anything. Maybe Steve should be here by now. Maybe --
he grunts, “not yourself.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Jeez, would you let that one go?”
whatever this is. “They’re so heavy.”
Tony nods. “I can’t – ask Steve,” he says awkwardly. “It’s a long story, but – I can’t do that to him, after everything he’s done for me. It’s bad enough in there without – I don’t want to make it a big deal, understand? But I would really – I would feel shit if I missed it. I can’t miss it. I don’t know if – you’re working, if you are I understand and I’ll figure something out, it only has to be for ten minutes or so. I mean I know the drive is long but – you know what forget it, it’s fine. I can go a whole year without visiting, what makes this day so special, I’ll go another – “
Steve looks up apologetically. “How are you coping?”
His foot crunches on glass. He looks down. It’s a beer bottle. Was this a beer that Tony drank? Could it be? The idea that he just crushed it pains him, like instead he should have preserved it, that thing that was once Tony’s, that once touched his lips.
“Then you can start again.”
Steve’s cupping him with one hand, waiting. Urgently, Tony flicks his eyes past his head; they’re alone. This is a mistake, but. But.
“Is your leg broken?” Steve asks, feeling down the bone, grimacing when he feel Gus tense, wrenching a scream from his mouth. “Sorry,” he says “I’ll take that as a yes.”
Tony yawns. “Water,” he says. The hot air has made him thirsty.
“Why do you think they won’t let me see him?”
“You asking for a friend?” Tony teases.
Now, Steve is lying in the bed they used to share.
“Not – necessarily. I think fifteen is too young. I don’t think that’s right. But I get it, now.”
“Since?”
“D.C. Pierce has a new command set up for me at the Triskelion. Full-time.”
Tony doesn’t know what to say. “You’re home,” he tries to soothe, reaching out to hold Steve’s face, stroke his hair. “Steve, you’re
Tony thinks of all the things he could have, with an alpha like Steve to clear the way.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony turns on him.
“Did I tell you to stop?”
“Well?” Tony asks him. He blinks slowly, enough that when he opens his eyes again, everything has gone traitorously soft and blurry at the edges. Before Steve, no one could do this to him. Except his father. And even then, only when he was small, before his wings grew to eclipse his old man’s, and pretty much everyone else’s. Oh, before. Before, before, before. What’s the fucking point.
I tried, when you were younger. Years went by with me worrying I was insane. What sort of mother feels nothing for her child? It starts, I believe, that when you were born I did in fact despise you. I hated having my freedom impugned upon, I hated your shrieking, wailing face, I hated that you would grow up to be like your father, a man I do in fact despise despite being aware of his illnesses. I nearly killed you, Tony. I was going to smother you and tell everyone you had died, just like my little girl.
“Your son,” Steve says, quietly. “Sweet boy. Nineteen? Contracted twice, all very vanilla, all very above board.”
Natasha carefully edges him to the seat furthest from from the pilot’s seat, straps him in and gives him a cursory once over, checks the wound in his side.
“I figured it was more for your benefit. I’m a known slut, you… have a reputation to uphold.”
"Sure."
God, they were happy.
Rhodey opens it anyway. “What is it?” Rhodes asks gently. He crouches. “Tony…”
In the rubble, in the aftermath, Tony was left – not penniless, exactly. Wanda – who had recently chosen to major in Economics and Business – explained that Tony still had money wrapped up in shares somewhere or other, and that he still had money in offshore accounts, but that these were frozen for the investigation. And after, when it was agreed that Tony would not be imprisoned but that it was only right he paid his share of damages, that money disappeared too.
“You know I can’t deny you.”
Tony blinks and nods. He sits at one of the chairs at the table and Steve pushes him in. He lays his hands straight on the countertop, tries to space evenly the gap between each finger, which engrosses him for a time, allows him to forget that there’s even anyone else there. He doesn’t even flinch when someone sets themselves down in the seat next to him, too focussed on the triangle shapes his fingers make.
And Steve is forced to admit, no, he hadn’t. He had known Tony was mentally ill. He hadn’t known he was insane.
Tony swallows, throat thick. “Okay.” He agrees.
and played their fucking game. And then, Tony, and this is the real clincher, sometimes
He pulls it away. Cups his face, gently. “What did you do?”
“I have — I have flowers in the car.” Peter blurts. “Aunt May said I should bring you flowers or something, you know, like get well soon — “
because Steve is ramming him hard, fast, with no consideration for his pleasure and yet somehow hitting the right spot inside him every damn time. He’s sucking greedily on his fingers, letting them spread his cheeks wide, all the spittle and fluid soaking down his chin.
"Green." Tony croaks, voice hoarse. "Thank you Sir."
“Yeah,” Tony says lacklustrely. “Great.”
you told him – “
sorry this was so long coming.
Steve keeps his face blank. “Who?”
The pastor is still talking. Great sacrifice, yes, such a great sacrifice. A philanthropist, a man who gave so much to those who had so little. A man who realised the error of his ways and spent so many years trying to atone for his mistakes, an example to anyone that any act of goodness, no matter how small, is worthwhile. Is this Tony he’s talking about? Steve is trying to match up the man being described with the image of Tony passed out on a couch surrounded by a pack of beers, or smiling as he tossed a pancake, or humming when he wakes up, turning his head and looking at Steve with wide warm eyes —
“Rogers,
“I don’t know, Tony. Sometimes it felt good, to have you like that. It’s not fun if I know how other people have used them on you. It ruins the dynamic, makes it – I don’t like it, anymore.”
“What,” Steve scoffs, “you want to hear how I ripped a man’s throat with my bare hands? That I crushed ribs, that I – I bit muscle with my teeth? You don’t know the half of it, Tony, you think – you only know an omega’s violence, what you see behind your suit. You don’t feel blood on your skin, thumping under your hands, you don’t – you don’t – “
“I wonder if he’s even touched an O in years.”
Steve offers to pay her, and she sounds mildly irritated. She takes a tone that reminds him of his mother: “No, thank you,” she says curtly, voice sharp. “I don’t need payment to give a friend a lift.”
Tony drags his eyes back to Pierce. The chair is hard on his bruised, beaten body; it’s even worse to sit on the welts Rumlow gleefully put on his ass. The pants (traditional cut, above the ankle, no pockets, high-waisted) are rough on his skin. The collar feels too tight. Tony feels every fibre intimately, excessively. And he’s trying not to think about why or how Pierce already has a closet full of traditional omegan clothes tailored exactly to his measurements.
“But you’re there,” Steve chokes. “You’re there and I’m here and — and I don’t know how long I have left. I want to be happy, and I want to be with you. I want to — “
Obviously, it kills the maker. And the blood doesn’t so much as flow through veins as be absorbed by the child’s body. Giving him life. Because that’s how Tony was made, wasn’t he? A tumble in the sheets, and the Gus had pressed his head to his neck, and Tony has sucked, and tasted, and changed.
“It was very thoughtless,” Tony agrees, sweetly. “But I accept your reparation, gladly. See? There we go. No need to fight.”
“Mmm,” Tony agrees, letting the baby grip his fingers, babble happily. This one is sweet. Someone had given her to him, and he’s lost the mother. He’ll hold onto her as long as he can. Pierce’s garden smells sweet, like roses, freshly mown grass. Tony puts his nose to the baby’s head, inhales; she smells sweet, too. Perfect, like – like powder and strawberry soap.
It’s been a long day.
Tony chews slowly, methodically, and Steve watches as he swallows every bite. He opens the bars, and Tony manages to eat all of one and half of the other, which he reckons is an achievement. Tony asks to go to the toilet, and Steve has to wait outside the door, holding it only slightly ajar to give him privacy. After that, Tony says he is tired again. He says he wants to sleep. Steve doles out his medication: one for pain, one for sleep, one for whatever mental condition it is the doctors think Tony has. He rests his head on the pillow, one hand curled by his head, and for the first time Steve catches a glance at the white bandage sticking out from under his coat.
“Are you happy there?” She asks abruptly. Tony is jerked from his reverie.
“You really don’t like it, huh?”
he thinks. Not in those words, because his head can’t make words, not really. But the sentiment of it.
“She was one of them?”
I don't know how I want to be remembered. Will anyone remember me at all? Will I just be known as the woman who brought Tony Stark into the world? A footnote in your story? Maybe. I hope so. If there's a world where your parents are relegated to the first chapter of your life, where Howard is forgotten, if it's a world where you're so bright that you overtake every other star, then it's a world I don't doubt I would want to live in.
“I hope you’re not investing,” Gus coughs, suddenly, and blood flies from his lips. “I hope,” he starts again, voice weary “that you’re not investing too much in your team, Captain.”
“How much did they cost?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Steve. How about I cook you some ham, and potatoes, and gravy, and I pull on some stockings and you light the fire and we play happy families. Would that be nice?”
Steve turns on him, points his finger. “
“No, sweetheart,” Steve lies. He curls his finger around one strand of Tony’s hair. “No, he was far too preoccupied for that.”
“Stark,” Nick says again, voice lower now. “You know who I am?”
Steve kisses him. Steve has never kissed him before, not like this – not outside of being rammed on his back, or dicked against a wall. His tongue does most of the work, his arm curling behind Tony’s waist, his teeth pulling at Tony’s lower lip. He feels exhausted, spent, and now this – it’s easy to relinquish. To let go, and lean into it.
clearly slept, showered. Tony says nothing. He feels something rising inside him, like venom, like spit. “He’s going to kill you,” he rasps.
He doesn’t know how to say anything without fucking it up. “No,” he says levelly, and then skirts his eyes to the side. “I’m sorry. It’s just – I’m knotted.” In lieu of explanation; hormones do all kinds of weird things to the brain post-knot. Tony feels fucking euphoric. “I’m sorry, Steve, I’m not laughing at you. Please.”
“You don’t sound happy.”
It appears from nowhere, this moment of passion. They have been leading to this for a long, long time, and yet it took the catalyst of Tony's torture to finally convince Steve to act. This, this moment, is the culmination on their bond, their imprint. Steve wants to remember every minute.
Steve blinks. “They’re very – ”
He shakes his head.
I saw cruelness in the way you screamed at me, Tony. Do you understand your father’s rage? When you screamed, I saw it in you. You would of hurt me if you could. Could you understand that your father, so long beaten down by others around him, jaded, with a dream that was snatched from under his feet, could you understand why he would feel the way you did when we took Jarvis from you? How it could lead him to be so cruel?
So he carries him. The rest of them part, bow their heads. “Stark,” T’challa murmurs. And then, “Stark,” Quill repeats. “Stark,” and “Stark,” and “Stark,” the name travelling back, to their friends, across the crowd, and then further, until the soldiers are whispering his name, and all you hear is Stark, Stark, Stark.
Tony waits for a rebuttal, for some part of him to quell those fears, but no rebuttal is forthcoming, and he realises that the voice is right. It doesn’t matter what happens, he’ll never be left alone again. They’ll never give him peace again, even if he’s allowed to go back to the house, they’ll smear him and mock him in the press, and it’s not that he cares, it’s just that it means he won’t be able to live his life at all.
“You’re not the first to suggest it,” Tony admits, shutting his eyes. “You won’t be the last.”
“I seriously think,” Steve snarls, stepping forward, “that you need to shut the fuck up.”
Steve blinks. “I understand. I think.”
“You think it would still be there?” Maria asks with an arched brow. “After everything?”
Sarah walks on eggshells around him, for the next few days. She’s careful, as if saying the wrong thing will set him off. But those days stretch into weeks, and the weeks into months, and slowly she stops following him with her eyes, always. If Tony goes away, for a walk, into town, she no longer panics when he’s ten minutes late, or when he forgets to leave a note saying where he’s gone. They fall into routine. Natural, and safe.
They toasted their glasses, and ended up in each others arms not much later.
Tony wants to say,
Tony smiles and lets Sarah’s words smooth over him, mixing like thick syrup in a warm drink. She talks about her mother and father back home, she talks about her brother in Canada and her two nephews. She always steers clear of current events, something that marks her as far more astute than her ramblings would suggest, and can happily pass the hour while Tony squeezes his hands into fists and struggles to write his name.
cotton and vanilla, fresh grass, metal.
"The kid isn't happy. He says you Dumbledore'd him, whatever the shit that means."
“And then, at some point… it hurt my
"Take the water." Tony says, handing shaking hard around the glass. "Take it, Steve, it'll calm you down, drink."
Tony giggles. "Did it hurt when I fell down from heaven?"
Blackmail aside, Tiberius’ security system probably
Tony wants to reach out and stroke his hair, but he is in DC, and Tony is in New York, and it might as well be the other side of the world. “Steve, with respect,” he says, as tactful as possible, “you were not in any position to be constructing – grand plans, or noble feats. You stopped those omegas from facing a – fucking awful fate, understand? Being – being raped to death, Steve, by soldiers, is not – it’s not – it was them, or the men. And you’re a
Rhodey flew out to help get him home, although ‘home’ is a loose word – stateside is better. He’d spent a few more weeks in a rehab clinic in Houston where they taught him how to chew and swallow without drooling and aggravating the burns.
Steve weeps.
“And Tony?”
“What do you mean?”
But then Tony puts down his chopstick and folds his hands against the tabletop. “I have something I need to tell you,” he says, and he doesn’t meet Steve’s eye. “I was at — I had a meeting with my doctor.”
“Don’t,” Steve tells him. “There’s nothing to thank me for.”
“What? Steve you know it’s true.”
drunk. Not crazy drunk, just…
“Mmm,” Tony agrees. His eyes are tired. “Maybe – hey. Maybe I’ll sit the next one out, okay? After this. Promise.”
You’re a fucking asshole, you know that? The first voice spits. This is why people can’t take you, Tony. You say shit like this. What are you getting at, that she should be married? Or that she’s too ugly to be married? Or that all women have to settle down? Christ after all the lawsuits have you learnt nothing you stupid wasting sack of –
“Pierce wasn’t keen either, he’s just a pragmatist.” Tony thinks about waking up on his leather couch the next day with only foggy memory of what came before. “We spoke, after.”
He lips by his ear. “At night,” he’s saying, kissing the shell of his ear, punctuating his words. “You’ll sleep at my feet. It’s the safest you’ll ever feel. And you’ll love it.” He strokes his hand down Tony’s chest, releases his throat. “And that’s my fantasy,” he says, louder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And my face,” Gus croaks “look what she’s done to my face. My ear. Tony destroyed her, Captain, and I can guarantee that she has worse planned.”
"Close." Steve says, breaking off another piece. "Tangerine."
He didn’t do this, usually. He would leave it for a cleaner, or anyone else. He hated washing up, hated getting the food under his nails. But there he was, slowly and carefully wiping plates clean, setting them out on the sideboard.
“Stay as long as you want. Just be warned — “
I think I know who to blame, Steve grits.
“I think you know how.”
“And he wants you?”
“It wasn’t intentional.” Gus hisses. “Don’t you understand? Have you never — I thought he was safe. I thought, you, maybe would die, but you are an acceptable loss. He never was.”
The dog’s colouring is dark, almost black with brown patches for eyebrows and a white crest on it’s chest. It’s big, probably up to Tony’s mid thigh. And it’s sleeping, stretched out on a bed, chest rising and falling slowly.
Steve lurches up, his thumbs pressing tight against Tony’s palms. When he comes, it’s muttering praise into his ears, all traditional stuff, sweet. Tony lets him pant his release into his throat, wonders if now he’ll roll over and fall back asleep. But then he realises that Steve is swelling inside him still, not pulling out, and – he grunts, shifting his legs wider to accommodate the knot. He hasn’t done this in years, not outside heat, and never with Steve.
“I didn’t say that,” Natasha replies measuredly. “I said you feel guilty.”
“Rumlow.”
“I thought you were – pretty.”
Steve sneers. I know all about your brand of science.
Tony doesn’t respond right away. Steve makes him stretch out his arm, brackets him completely, nowhere to go. “I said,” he repeats, calmly, “do you understand?”
Thor pulls him aside after the ceremony. “Sleep well tonight,” he murmurs.
The tips of his ears turn pink. “Oh,” he says, realising, maybe. “Well, you know. It was the right thing to do.”
The soldier rips through the bindings with his knife. Immediately, Tony sucks in deep breaths, hands shaking, but finally,
before, hadn’t we? Just briefly. I felt like we had something, and I know I’m a… slow adjuster, I know…”
One week more, and Steve is placed back on to active duty, although no one calls him up.
And Steve’s voice isn’t brooking any complaint.
“You look out for me.”
No, the second voice says, Steve got rid of your things because it hurt too much, Tony. Ask him. He’ll tell you, he got rid of your things because he loved you and because it hurt for him to keep them, especially after you never returned his calls. Tony you can’t let us –
“Smell bad. Not yourself.”
The carpet is rough on his cheek, and he’s drooled into it at some point during the night. The sun is slanting through the window, bright, golden, even. It’s morning. It was a dream.
They carry him.
There’s a lamp casting the dim light across the room. Tony’s bed is pushed up against a concrete wall. When he blearily rolls his head on the pillow, smacking his lips, he sees someone has left him a glass of water and some apple slices. Thoughtful.
Natasha is rubbing his shoulder, looking at him sympathetically. “Sure, Steve. It would be nice, wouldn’t it?”
“Tony, there’s nothing you could have done. I ran with Buck because you wouldn’t listen. I knew he was innocent, I knew it. And if I had left him with Ross, I never would have seen him again.”
“I don’t think he believes you, Sir.”
Tony thinks,
“It’s not your job to – worry about
And then the first voice. You don’t think that, it laughs, you don’t really think you’d be left alone? They’ll eat you alive. The press will be at your door every day, they’ll never, ever let you live alone. You will never have peace, or quiet, or a simple life, too late loser. There’s only one way you’re going to ever be alone, you know what to do, you know what to do, you know what to do –
when Steve does it.
Pushing him against the window, Steve puts two, three fingers into his mouth. “Suck,” he tells him, clinically, his free hand working at the buttons of Tony’s pants.
“Like in the stairwell.”
“Without him?” Clint says, and suddenly he sounds stricken. “How are we supposed — “
Tony’s brow furrows. “It’s just a meal. With a friend. In an apartment. What do you think’s going to happen?”
Tony sits, stiffly, brushes his eyes clear with the back of his hands.
“And if she was a he?”
He grips Ty’s wrist. “I already said, I don’t doubt it,” he hisses.
The doctor appears relieved, like he’s happy to have avoided such an awkward situation. No one likes to be reminded of just how far Tony has fallen. “Would you like to see him?” He asks, smoothing over the sticky moment. “I can show you to his room before he collects his things?”
It smells. The old bandage is sticky with blood and pus and secretions. It’s hideous. He’s hideous. Steve doesn’t lie and say, ‘no’, or ‘you’re beautiful’; he says: “For now.”
Tony pulls it around his shoulders, self-conscious. “It wasn’t like that.”
He screams. “They made you?! They made you come in here? They made you – it’s not
“We can take Richards,” Steve presses. “You’ve got enough on your plate.”
“Have you told Steve?”
Not that he ever wanted anything like that from Bucky, no, no. Tony’s inability to ever understand the importance of Bucky to him, and the nature of their relationship, was near mesmerising, and often infuriating. Even before he was found, Tony could casually comment on Buck in an almost callous manner, that dismissive way he sometimes has. He realises Tony was probably jealous, because he is also prone to jealousy, but that he would never admit it for risk of appearing too invested. And so for years they skirted around the topic, the only time it ever really came up being those nights Steve awoke from a nightmare, when Tony would hold him so tight, stroke his hair back from his brow, press his lips to the back of Steve’s neck.
but yh, comments are loved!
“Yessir,” Tony slurs, only half joking, stumbling slightly. “Whatever you say, Captain.”
Steve blinks. "What?"
“Yes.”
it. Understand? I enjoyed you, putting me on my knees, in a public stairwell.” It doesn’t even feel humiliating to admit it, he’s just so confused at the turn the conversation is taking. “That’s something I like. I – enthusiastically encourage you to do it – well, not again so soon, because that would be weird but hell, sure, do it again! Whenever you want! I’m a slut, honey, I can take it all.”
Tony relaxes. "Well then just tell me," he says softly "whatever it is can't be that bad."
After some time, he lightly reaches out, grips his knee. It feels bony under his hands, weak, even though – Tony isn’t weak, not physically. At least, he doesn’t look it. Getly, then, he shakes him awake.
(Tony’s school was near a lake. In his mind, Boston was always his home. He spent ages five to fifteen at Phillips, and then fifteen to twenty at MIT. If anyone ever asked him, he would always say he grew up in Boston, never New York.)
“I do,” Tony croaks, “it looks bad on all of us, me especially.”
“Not – I mean, sure. So long as I’m his – sorry, but let’s just say, I’m his go to guy, right? I won’t be, always. He’s just – dominant,” Tony dismisses. “It’s not me in particular.”
The next thing Tony is remembers is a light shining in his eyes.
i've written some snippets of tony's backstory i.e. his first few contracts if anyone is interested in reading, let me know. ur thoughts on how their relationship -- especially steve -- is are v helpful/motivating! such interesting points in comments last time!
he thinks, and stops. Should have what?
“I was thinking, today. About something in your file.”
Tony chews on his thumb. “I think — I don’t know what happened, back there. I got real low.”
A hero, the crowd murmurs back in response.
“More fools you then, really,” Tony says eventually. He pours himself another glass of wine. “Out of interest, because — this really bugged me, towards the end. Before I tried to take my life, I couldn’t stop thinking, did I do something wrong? I mean, not just that I didn’t listen to Barnes. In our relationship. Is there something I could have done differently to make you — love me more?”
So he looks up.
I AM SO SORRY THAT THIS IS SO SHITTY AND SO LATE
“I know,” Pierce says, unwrapping bandage, not meeting his eyes. “I’m showing my age.”
“Sometimes, it has to hurt. We have to hurt, to be better. You might have to hurt soon, Tony, but it’ll be worth it in the long run. The pain will be good. Order, Tony. Order through pain.”
“Good bitch,” Steve is saying, curling his hands in his lap, inhaling sharply. He’s desperately trying not to grip Tony’s hair, he thinks, to use his mouth that way. “Jesus, that’s good. That’s it, baby. That’s it.”
They’ve moved cots down into what used to be the throne room, so they can be together. Ostensibly so if there’s a threat – there won’t be, half the universe is dead – they have strength of numbers.
Rhodey breathes out, low. “Yeah,” he says softly “yeah you know I’m real, Tones.”
Today is the first of the rest of our lives.
“I love you, though,” Steve says, and his voice is barely there. Not even a croak, more of a whisper. “I… I still…”
“We thought you might like to see Rhodey,” Sam says, measured. He won’t meet Tony’s eyes in the rearview mirror.
“You should wash your hands,” Peter says casually, kneeling on the cot, looking over Steve’s shoulder, “you don’t know how much of me is still there.”
“Jesus, Tony, no. I was wondering if I did the right thing.”
"Close your eyes. It'll help."
“I’m at the airport. I need to talk to him, now.”
“I thought — okay. I’m sorry.”
floating; it’s easy, then, to let Steve take over, fuck him through the aftershocks, use him to chase his own completion. As far as Tony’s concerned, he’s won: he came, despite Steve’s best attempts to the contrary.
“They will, if they know you’re in the hands of someone who isn’t an Avenger and who’s committed to your care. Your friend Steve is going to cover the cost, and we’ll rent a small place about five miles out of here.”
“What did he say?” Natasha asks, hushed.
It was during the trials, after Stark stock crashed and Potts had resigned. Bath filled half-way, a dark brown, and Tony listless. He had survived, obviously. Then tried to climb out a window. Then tried to starve himself.
You can tell Thor’s arriving just by the rumble that carries through the ground. A new humidity in the air. His presence long ago stopped being threatening to Steve, but the hair on the back of his neck still prickles when he enters a room. Static, probably. “I’m late,” Thor says. “Apologies.”
Opinions on everything are loved! I love to hear what you guys think!
“Stop apologising. Keep your head down. No – down, Tony, that’s it. Here,” he covers his shoulders with his arm, urges him to tuck his face into his chest. “We’re passing reception, just – stay like this till we’re in the elevator, okay?”
“It’s urgent.”
“Anything,” Sarah says easily. “What can I do for you?”
He settles on the couch; he legs poke over the end almost comically. He doesn’t sleep, and neither does Tony.
So the doctor changes his dosage. Says that this is wrong, it’s bad, and that really Tony needs to be brought back in. Steve insists he can handle him. The doctor doesn’t say anything, because he knows Tony’s situation.
“Gustav. The Captain. You poor, poor boy.”
On the screen projecting the funeral to the crowds they show Thor taking an empty seat — left empty out of respect for him, as an Avenger — settling down, and respectfully turning his head to the platform. It takes the congregation a moment to recover. Then Potts is at the podium.
“Rogers is a good fighter. To be frank, he’s wasted as an Avenger.”
Natasha nods. “Yeah,” she nods, quiet, still. “I guess — I guess your getting kinda old for it now, anyway.”
Tony tips back his head. Exhales. “Agreed,” he breathes, eyes shut.
“But love me?”
He can smell Steve, the lust off of him, and see him thickening in his dress-pants. Hears him, clear his throat. “Well, it was my pleasure, darlin’,” he replies, voice lapsing into something rougher, his tone all alpha.
“Yeah, no shit,” Peter scoffs. His nose is bleeding, slightly, his eyes ringed with dark circles. He buffs it away, leaves a red smear on his upper lip. “Strange Dumbledore’d him. I’m not – I’m not stupid,” he says, and his voice has that frail defiance that comes with youth, “I know you all think – oh, he’s a kid, whatever, but I know enough to know – that wasn’t right. It wasn’t right.”
"I don't feel comfortable using you as an emotional scapegoat, Tony. What happens if I zone out and, I don't know, go nuts."
Tony thinks, arching his back.
“Can you stand?” Sarah asks. “C’mon. There’s a perfectly good pair of chairs here.”
Isn’t it beautiful, they say. If only Arnim was here to see it.
A tear flicks against the metal, near the eye. Like the helmet is crying, too.
“I – hi,” Steve says, quietly.
Clint clears his throat.
The last night they spend together.
He’s blinking up at the blurry shapes leaning over him, talking at him, about him, around him. He wants to recoil, hide from the noises and large, loud sounds. He wants to raise his hands so he can push them all away.
They really ply him during the interrogations. Drug him up first so his lips are loose and it’s harder to stick to the truth: this is HYDRA, and he is prisoner. Repeat it, a mantra, don’t forget it or they’ll catch you.
“Sorry,” Pierce says, apologetic, calm and smooth. “I meant: has he said anything to you? About me?”
“I think, if anyone could control him, it would be you,” he says quietly. “But, the risk. You’re not capable of holding him off on your own on a good day, let alone when he’s like this.”
I've got this plotted but I'm writing it as I go along so, unfortunately, there will be no set time schedule. I do try to update as often as I can, though!
Tony shrugs a shoulder. “Are you asking, do I really enjoy fucking old alphas? Because the answer is, I kinda do. I was bred for it, Steve, it’s in my blood.”
“That wasn’t what I meant.”
Thor smiles again, his eyes wrinkle. “You must have had a bad dream,” he says, pointedly.
Tony doesn’t respond straight away; Steve runs his thumb over Tony’s swollen bottom lip, swipes at some of the spit on his chin, patient. “You’re going to go back there,” he orders, “and you’re going to listen to everything Fury tells you. Agreed?”
Tony feels nothing but sympathy for him, too many days locked in cell with higher-thinking gone and only pain for company. A longing for touch. “I’ll make it better,” he’s breathing against the side of Steve’s head, huffing it, “I’ll make it better, I’ll – “
“Right,” Tony breathes. “Sure. You mean it, though?” He asks, following Steve as he walks through the rubble. “You mean that. You’re not gonna – this is a real conversation, right? I’m holding you to it. I know I’m a fun guy, but I’m being 100% serious here, buddy. We need a team.”
“Off. The arc’s it’s own little night-light anyway.”
Tony rolls his head, cracks his neck.
No okay, it's obviously not. It's two am and this ran away with me.
"We argued." Tony says, voice rough "That's it, it happens. Let's -- do you want some water? Here, take some -- "
He pulls him. Drags him close, almost chest to chest, holding his wrist above his head. “Tell me to stop,” he says, reasonably.
Tony tells him about Pierce and their gala next week. “I’m his date,” Tony informs him, “jealous yet?”
“You’re going to kill me,” he croaks, eyes watering. “Please, don’t.”
He wishes he had explained harder.
“He’s right,” Pierce observes, lighting up. “Nasty habit, From Stark, and the world could do with having you with us as long as we can.”
Tony nods, resuming petting his throat. “Uh huh,” he says.
It’s Steve who buttons up his sweater and helps him step into his slippers. He helps him dress every morning, sits with him during the day, to a point where Tony has begun to wonder if he even has a job anymore. He won the war, what is he doing with it? Looking after his old invalid lover? He loves you, the second voice will whisper, oh Tony, look at how much he loves you, loves us. He never stopped, never. You always treated him so badly, Tony, you were always so dismissive or his concerns, his fears, maybe if you had listened, had talked to him about Barnes, he wouldn’t have run when you presented the Accords –
Tony thinks. “There was an alpha, once,” he remembers, “that wanted me to fuck
Tony smells like shit and he knows it. He lets Steve dump him on the couch, sit on the coffee table. If he sees his gift on the floor, half opened, pages crumpled, he doesn’t mention it. Instead, he frowns at the carrier bag in Tony’s hands, prises it from his fingers.
he smiles, grateful for the food, but more grateful for Steve’s laugh, the hand the helps him stand. Steve smells sad, and exhausted, but Tony can make him laugh, and that means more than anything.
He takes a step back.
gain.”
Tony whines in the back of this throat and the vibrations travel down the head of Steve's cock. He shivers. "Yeah," he breathes "that would have been perfect. You on your knees, licking my balls. Maybe I would have taken a few calls like that. Maybe I would have seen some guests. No one would be able to see you, but they'd all know you were there, letting me fuck your mouth while they talked."
Tony stares at him, expectant. “You?”
“It’s okay,” Steve says quietly. “You can let it out.”
"That wasn't what I meant."
Steve digs his fingers into Tony’s wrists, not hard, but firm enough to ground. “Feel me,” he says, “do you feel me?”
"Steve!"
That’s not how Steve remembers it. He remembers holding Tony while he died in his arms. Maybe he did that, and then his mind snapped. Maybe that’s when he decided he would try and fix Tony like a puzzle. Piece together what he’d lost.
Tony blinks. “I don’t know,” he says honestly.
“Is it? That really bothered you, huh?”
and sorry, again.
And then Sarah is just staring at him with a look of mingled shock and horror. “You were – when you say lovers – “
Tony can't swallow. He feels his heart pounding in his chest as the moment hangs there, unable to work up the right words to articulate what he's feeling. Time passes, and Steve just stares at him. Tony blinks, rapidly, sweat tickling the back of his neck, water cooling off his legs.
Steve chuckles over the intercom. "We know, Tony, we've gathered that. Just a few more minutes, okay? Can you do that for me?"
Steve is silent for a moment while he drinks his water. “I love you, Tony.”
Fury had said – on his desk. Pierce smells like home, always.
Pathetic.
Tony is asleep. He must be asleep, now, because there’s not a single part of him that’s thinking of anything at all, except for the touch and the words, which must be obeyed.
There are razors. There’s bath to drown in. Sarah is shopping, and won’t be home for another hour. He could drink some bleach. He could jump out the window. Any option is open to him.
They follow the others out of the room, Ty watching Steve’s back down the hallway. And then he’s pulling him to the side, pushing him against the wall in a way that – it’s okay when Steve does it.
“No,” Steve says turning away “but you were happy to let Tony die.”
“Except you can, really.”
Whatever he does, I can take it – “
Tony smiles, and says he’s dedicating his time to private pursuits. He tells them, you’ll see his work in the coming months. He’s got other priorities, now. He’s got a different style of life.
“Probably six. But mixed dogs live longer,” she’s quick to point out “and he’s perfectly healthy.”
They get ready separately, in their individual hotel rooms. Steve meets him at the bottom of the wide stairs, smiles, holds out his arm. “You look good,” he says.
He’s scattering desperately into the wall when they draw back the curtain. He must make some kind of noise, a whimper, or wordless beg, but he’s too worked up to decipher his own sound. Rumlow has a gun, drawn and braced on his wrist. And Pierce is holding up his hands, shushing him the way you would a frightened animal, which is all he is now, really.
“Oh boo hoo. This carrier just withstood a hulk, I think a cigarette would be okay.”
Tony doesn’t believe him, but he appreciates his trying to make him believe it. “Alright, then.”
“In which case, it’s important you don’t let him skimp on therapy. Physiotherapy, I mean. There’s nerve damage, you know, in his hands? He’ll need patience on that front. And of course,” the doctor lowers his voice slightly “there’s the matter of covering the cost of his treatment? You understand, we acted on good faith because Mr Stark was never one to default on his debts, but since the assets were seized…”
“Now – I’m not saying straight away. You’ll need time to prove yourself, of course, prove your loyalty. Maybe some… education. But in a couple years – you’re a fine specimen, Steve. Bred to lead, hmm? Just like this one,” Pierce claps Tony’s knee, he flinches, “is bred to be at your side. Or at least, at the side of someone like you.”
“50% chance either way,” Peter reasons. “Even if I’d stayed on earth and gone on the fieldtrip, I’d still be dust – “
Fury leans forward. “I
Peter grins. “Yeah, well. Like I said, she’s very grateful. Incredibly grateful, actually, she wants to thank you in person, but — “
“I’m sorry I’m not there,” Steve says honestly. “When we have dinner, I’ll show you my apartment. You’ll stay the night.”
Tony shrugs, looks out his window. “There’s nowhere else for me to go.”
Tony nods.
“I – here,” Steve murmurs, pulling off his robe. “Just for my peace of mind,” he tells him, draping it across Tony’s shoulders. His knuckles brush against his skin, and he hides his shudder. Still, the robe is unbearably warm and comfy; it smells like Steve, and for all his repulsion to touch, the scent of alpha, friendly, well-worn and trustworthy, is a comfort.
“Yeah. I’m better.”
Pity. Pity, pity, pity. A guy like Steve – an alpha like that… Tony was already on thin ice, nearly ten years older, sloppy seconds. At least he’d been good in the sack. He had been pretty enough. “If you want to say ‘I told you so’,” he croaks, “you can save it. I already know. I know it every day.”
He won’t come back. Not really.
“It’s held together with a gold-titanium alloy,” Diana says proudly, hips swishing, and Tony thinks he’s heard those words somewhere else before. “I had it made specially for you. I knew you would be coming.”
“Mmm,” Pierce hums, nodding. “And anything else? Did he say why?”
She’s gone.
“Uh, you made it. Maps, data, everything was on it. I had access to Friday — “
Steve still has the shirt in the back of his closet.
Something clicks in his hindbrain, and he buries his head in Tony’s shoulder. “I wanna go home,” he says, miserably, plaintive. “God, I wanna go home.”
“It will be the golden days, Steve. A golden age. I can’t wait for you to join me, I swear it. I just want you to live first.”
“Shut-up,” Tony snorts in the darkness, “you love it.”
It’s good to get out of his dress-clothes, pull on one’s of Steve gratuitously over-sized sweaters. It falls to mid-thigh, the arms too long to be practical, but it’s comforting to hide his hands, smothered in fabric. Pierce’s coat is discarded; Tony pulls the collar over his nose and inhales
He’d seen the news; he hadn’t known whether to expect the call. Tony isn’t petty, Steve knows. Tony has always put what they do above all else, above their disagreements, their – fallings out. Friends to lovers to enemies.
“What did you say we were eating?” Clint says, sliding down next to Steve.
Tony is scrubbing at his face. He knows not to verbalise when he wants to tell his brain to shut up; it scares people, makes them think he’s talking to himself. He’s not, he knows the voices aren’t real, but still, the urge is there. “Listen,” Tony says, this time quietly. “Tell me what it is you need, and I’ll see if I can help. I’m not making any promises but — just tell me.”
“If people think bad of you it reflects bad on all of us.”
Tony nods, turns off the tap. “There’s some bacon in the fridge, if you want.”
"It's not fine, it's not -- " Steve buries his head in his hands "Jesus it's not fine, I can't -- "
“I just think we’re going to need
Tony can’t think of anything else to say.
“How long has it been?” Steve asks Jarvis.
He inhales, exhales slowly. “Okay,” he says, thickly. “I – have my hand in my panties. I’m just sort of… playing with myself.”
“And then home,” Steve makes him promise.
Tony hears himself suck in a breath, exhale with a small sigh. He knows he must smell of sex and heat; he’s damp, between his thighs. “You wouldn’t have it in you,” he says, without bite. “Captain Judgemental.”
Hasn’t he?
“From Stark?” Pierce interrupts, quietly. He hasn’t moved, as if he’s afraid to. Tony opens his eyes, slowly, exhausted. And then realises what he’s doing.
“I don’t care that you care. I want to go to bed.”
So, Tony is here, staring at the mirror.
“I don’t kill people.” Tony says blankly.
“You…”
He’s crying again, brushing his eyes. “It’s fine,” he says tightly, voice wheezy, “I’m fine. I just – I gotta see my aunt, you know? Maybe I just need a break, I – “
Did he just say that? Pierce looks up, smiles at him. “Well, it’s nice to hear you say that, Tony.” He taps two fingers lightly against Tony’s chin, and he doesn’t even flinch. It feels nice. Good, to have someone guide his head to the side, gentle.
“Loki was a monster, I don’t doubt it. But that didn’t stop me from wanting to tear the earth apart to save him from himself. The difference being,” Thor says, with a hint of reproach “I didn’t. I couldn’t let myself. Because I had others to think of. Other duties.”
“Dad said, they’d burnt them. That was the deal.”
So he writes a note and leave it on the table. Dials a number on his phone. Washes, dresses, and waits on the front porch. Gets in the car.
Gus blinks. “That’s not my name,” he gasps “fuck, stop touching it.” He says, batting away Steve’s hand.
think that.”
“They’re good,” he says, drawing a line in green down his new sketchbook. “I never could have – you know. Before.”
Diana chuckles, giggles. “I don’t know, Tony, anything. I’m in charge now. You can be my servant, I suppose. I’m not going to kill you, it would be a waste.”
And then he pulls away. Tony is gasping; he didn’t even realise. He slides to the floor, pants around his ankles, come and slick leaking down his legs. He watches Steve wash his hands at the bar, dry them, roll down his sleeves. “Are you going to stay there all night?” He asks.
Steve grips his chest, massages below the breastbone. It should have been him. It should have been him, Jesus, he has nothing to live for anyway.
“What is there to forgive?”
"No," Steve admits. "I want to know anyway."
"Tony -- you can't, c'mon. You'll drop. Let me -- "
Look, it’s not Tony’s responsibility. He likes to keep tabs on everyone. It isn’t a
“They think — they think you’re gonna hurt yourself, Cap.”
Steve doesn’t know how much the others know about their relationship. He thinks they must suspect, because he and Tony don’t go out of their way to hide it. Among friends, they don’t mind who knows, but won’t be oblique. Tony is still reticent, and Steve understands that all too well.
“You do?”
Tony ignores him. He’s learnt to ignore all of them. He hears Natasha say something, and Bruce choke. He hates them, suddenly. Hates that they still have each other, that he’s had to lose everything.
“I’m sure I beat him in other ways,” he says, and Tony can hear his smirk.
“Bad?”
“What?” The alpha pulls up short.
“Hah. Aren’t you a cynic?” Pierce says, warmly. “I’ll toast to that, at least.”
And when I refuse, Steve asks.
Still, the tears do not come.
But Tony smiles. “I made a mess,” he says. “I thought maybe I could clear up before you got in, but — surprise.”
Steve huffs. “Out of my mind,” he croaks, “yeah, that’s one way to put it.”
He always leaves before Tony wakes up.
“You know, From Stark, you’re not very friendly.”
But as his pulse starts to slow, he becomes embarrassed at his outburst. He wishes he could take it back.
There’s only one thing Tony ever needs: protection. Protection comes from information, and power. He checks them off in his head:
“I do,” Steve agrees, and he pulls him close, and then they sleep.
Steve softens. “That’s all I want to hear,” he admits, “all I want to know is that you want to get better, Tony.”
“Tony?” Sarah asks once more. “Sweetie I can’t – I don’t know what to do if you don’t respond.”
“More like an experience,” Tony sneers. “Normally I go for people a touch more refined, but it might be fun to slum it just once.”
“Don’t do that.” Steve says gently. “Not with your bare hands, Tony – Tony! Look at what you’ve done. Stop that, stop.” Steve pulls Tony’s hands away from the ground, stands, drags him with him. “You’re bleeding.” He states.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He was so rough with you,” Pierce is saying, voice low, dabbing cream against the skin. It’s cold. Tony shivers. “It was so brave of you to do that for him, Tony. So brave. You are so
Tony is giggling, and Steve laughs too, hopelessly, because that stupid little chortle – it’s the one he does when he’s nervous, out of his depth, or giddy with excitement. “Oh, God,” he groans, long and low. “Steve, I’m out here in the depths of space, and all I can think – how fucking human, huh? Do you think there are other species that use their last breaths to craft – revenge letters to their exes? I’ve got a little bit of earth with me out here, that… pathetic, grasping, beautifully jealous humanity. You bastard. God, you goddamn bastard, I hate you. But for what it’s worth – “
His first thought, coming back to waking, is I’m not dead.
“Mosely.”
“You’re going to set off an alarm. Don’t.”
"Why did you flinch."
Steve nods again. “Just sit back down, Gus,” he says, softly.
Coffin isn’t heavy, but then, Tony wasn’t a heavy man. He never did get back that mass he lost those awful few weeks after the decimation. He had no reason to – he wasn’t planning on fighting. Still, Steve remembers him before. The first time he saw him, even, young, or at least, younger; he had been healthy. He had been strong.
“Hmm,” Tony sighs, happily, snuggling closer. “That’s nice. I was so worried – “ he yawns “ – so worried they’d be mean…”
Steve sucks on the skin apologetically, blows air over the likely forming bruise. He draws back. “Do you want me to continue?” He asks.
