John sat at his kitchen table, staring at the phone on the wall. He'd barely slept, tearing himself apart for panicking when he saw Sherlock at the hospital. He rubbed his hands over his scratchy eyes and sighed. He felt nauseated.
They drove on until they approached the port. It wasn't entirely quiet. There was noise and light spilling out of an inn on the main road. They drove on until they found a quiet side street where they could stop. John climbed into the back of the wagon. Sherlock sat up slowly. He'd been sleeping.
John pressed forward, pinning Sherlock's hips to the door with his own. Sherlock gasped loudly as he felt John's hard cock rub against his. "Oh! Oh, God,
"I'll wait for two more days if you want me to. But I don't need them." John leaned in even closer. "Can I take you out to dinner?"
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock. Sherlock tugged at John's shirt, pulling him down into the bed. John felt a surge of arousal through his whole body. He put his hands in Sherlock's hair and kissed him heatedly. Carefully, he put his body on top of Sherlock's, straddling his right leg. Sherlock sighed against John's mouth. He was as hard as John was.
When Sherlock finally took John's aching cock into his mouth, John whimpered quietly. He rocked his hips up to meet Sherlock's movements. After only a few minutes, he could feel his peak approaching.
He stepped under the warm water and closed the glass shower door, sighing when the water hit his chest. As he closed his eyes to shampoo his hair, images of Sherlock filled John's mind. Sherlock in the rose garden with the sun catching in his hair. Sherlock practicing his violin next to his apartment window. Sherlock in his tuxedo, commanding the violin section. Sherlock lying on his back, eyes burning into John's, cheeks flushed with arousal.
After a few minutes, he moved the hand up from his bollocks, stroking his moonlit body indulgently. He’d begun making little noises as he approached orgasm. He moved his flattened hand over his pectorals before abruptly pinching one of his nipples, hard. He cried out, threw his head back, and began to come all over the sheets between him and John.
John was registering the fact that the man's accent was British. He realized he was just standing there holding his shoulder and staring mutely at the man. He blinked and rolled his shoulder a little. Then he smirked. "Are you sure you can get across in one piece?"
"Obviously," Sherlock said in a mock-imperious tone. He tenderly stroked his hand down John's back until it came to rest in the curve at the base of his spine. "About what?"
John slid carefully out from under him. Sherlock didn't open his eyes. He burrowed down into the bed with a sigh. John gazed at him for a little while before grabbing some clothes and heading to the bathroom.
The sharp sound of his own scream jolted John awake. Sherlock's name echoed against the walls of John's bedroom. John bolted upright, grabbing at his left shoulder. His legs were tangled in the twisted sheets. He wrenched himself free and stood panting and shaking next to his bed. He quickly pulled a pair of jogging shorts on over his briefs. He didn't bother with shoes.
After supper was cleared up, Mike insisted on restocking their food supply. Sherlock tried to give Mike some gold, but Mike emphatically refused, as John had already given him almost all of his belongings.
Sherlock huffed out a breath. He hopped forward again. It took a few minutes to coordinate their movements, but soon they began making steady progress up the hill.
"All right, Henry, I'm going to put down my bow and you're going to put away your knife so I can help you."
Sherlock dipped down, dragging his mouth over John's jaw and neck. John's hands made their way into Sherlock's hair as he moved lower. He traced his tongue down and across John's pectoral, pausing to flick it against John's nipple. John gasped quietly. Sherlock kept moving downward over John's stomach. He put one knee on the floor, then the other. He grasped John's waist and looked up. John moaned at the sight of Sherlock on his knees. His mouth dropped open as he looked into the heat in Sherlock's remarkable eyes.
Sherlock is aware of her leaning toward him He begins searching through his Mind Palace on tips to help him break the code, whirling through potential combinations until he lights upon something that seems to work. The moment he solves the code he feels Irene's lips brush his cheek, but she has already pulled back so he ignores it. A quick glance at John shows he's seen it too, his hands are tight enough on the handle of his teacup it's a miracle the thing hasn't snapped off yet. "There's a margin for error but I believe there's a 747 leaving Heathrow tomorrow at 6:30 in the evening for Baltimore. Not sure how this could save the world, but there you have it." He hands the phone back to her.
After a moment of studying it, Sherlock seems satisfied. "It's the same paint, John," he reports. "We should split up and look for more."
Irene startles awake suddenly. "Sherlock," she purrs in greeting, stretching out her arms above her head. "Good morning, handsome."
"John, I'm going to move you." I can feel my body being lifted, and I'm in someone's lap. There is a comforting, familiar, safe scent there which automatically calms me. I nose against the scent, and feel hands wrap around me in response. "I'm here, John. We're here." Other hands rub along my spine, and I calm more.
"Sure you are. Great sense of humor, unapologetic about who you are, you're stronger than the average Omega, kid."
"Please, sit down," Irene offers, settling into a chair herself. "Or, if you'd like, I could call the maid for some tea."
After their first crime, the pack had been walking in the city when Jim stopped, pulling John to a stop beside him. "Would you look at that?" Jim asked, wonder in his voice.
"For the baby shower, of course," she replies. "Do you prefer a shower before or after the children come?"
Sherlock jumps away from the man, making Sally frown at him. "Right, sorry Sherlock," she says. "It's a force of habit," she defends to her boss. "We found this package inside the bombed flat, in a strongbox. It's got your name on it. Anyway, we x-rayed the package, there's definitely nothing explosive in it, but we can't promise that there isn't any biological agents. I would recommend opening it with a pair of gloves and a mask-" Sherlock takes the package and rips it open, dumping the contents into his hands. "Or you could just rip it open," Sally mutters in exasperation.
"I took the heat suppressants, I thought my heat was coming on...knew Gregory was coming...took two, kept coming...two more...two more...now I hurt everywhere."
“Sorry?” John repeats incredulously. He can see Sherlock tensing and realizes his mate is expecting a fight. “Sorry for what? That was brilliant!”
Mycroft leads them to a parlor and pulls out board games. They pass the rest of the evening laughing together over board games, or in some cases raging over them. John wins at Monopoly. They try Cluedo, but when trying to explain to Sherlock that the victim cannot be the murderer, he grows angry and flips the board, then stabs it to the wall. John and Mycroft both roll their eyes at his dramatics. Once they agree to give up Cluedo, Risk comes out. Mycroft skunks them both easily the first round, so John and Sherlock team up against him the second round. They put up a decent fight, but eventually their kingdom falls to him again. "Don't feel bad, Brother Mine. It's my destiny to win, I am 'The British Government' after all."
"It's a good sign, his body's metabolizing the drug," John replies. "It's exiting his system even now."
"Be calm. My name is Mycroft Holmes. John attempted to leap out of a second-story window and broke his leg. It has been reset, but we had him go to sleep and he hasn't yet woken. He will be alright."
Lestrade enters the flat a moment later, carrying his trays of fruits and vegetables. "D'ya think this is fancy enough?" Lestrade queries, holding out his platters to John for inspection.
"I don't want my Father to have the satisfaction of keeping me from being happy." Mycroft says nothing, so I continue. "But I've pushed Sherlock away a lot the past few days. He might not want me, or he might be upset."
"Sherlock," John begins, but then he turns to his mate and sees the tears streaming down his cheeks, "oh darling, it's okay. He's going to be fine."
"I'm sorry," I tell his back. "I wish I knew I could trust that you wouldn't hurt me. I wish I knew I could love you without getting hurt."
"Everyone handles grief their own way," answers John diplomatically. "Some people don't feel it, if they feel they don't know the person very well. Some people mourn as though it's a close family member that passed if it's someone they don't know well. Everyone is different."
"Don't be naïve, Greg," snaps Sherlock. "He wants you here so John doesn't take a flying leap out a window again!"
John gets into the car, reading the file better. Sherlock's vitals are within normal limits, though he's underweight. Surprise, surprise.
Lestrade clears his throat. "Right, that's a bit scary," he chuckles. "The body is over here, if you wanted to have a look," he tells Sherlock, sweeping his arm. Sherlock swoops over like an overgrown raven, moving about the body and instantly rattling deductions.
Sherlock and Mycroft both stare at him. Sherlock glances at Mycroft and they quickly have a discussion with their eyes alone that John cannot hope to follow.
"I don't know. I'm-" his voice breaks, but he continues on, "I'm scared. I never wanted an Alpha, and I've got one now, and I need my brother."
He grabs Sherlock and quickly takes him back to the wall. To his utter astonishment, a plain brick wall is all that greets him.
“Whatever are you doing, Brother Mine? Or perhaps, since it is obvious you have broken into my house and are currently searching through my information on code-cracking, you would explain the case that you need help with?”
"What? No, that's impossible! Come on, John!" She's still tugging at his hand, though they both know it's useless, John's Omega biology won't let him disobey his Alpha.
Footsteps register within his brain, and he growls for a moment, but the scent wafts his way and he quickly recognizes the scent of his mate and halts mid-growl. "John, look out!" Distracted by his mate, John hadn't heard the leader trying to sneak up on him.
Sherlock leads John through the sprawling manor to a large library. “Here John,” Sherlock orders, “you can begin looking over here. This section is the code-breaking section. I’ll check on his personal computer.”
Lestrade answers back with the address and Sherlock quickly scrawled it down for John, leaving it taped to the inside of his door where he can’t possibly miss it. Then he hustles out the door and flags down a cab. As they drive, he pulls up information about the serial suicides Lestrade had alluded to. His interest is piqued, though he’ll wait to examine the body before he decides to take the case-many a case has sounded interesting thanks to the press, but was actually about a two.
I stand up, wobbling until Jim lurches forward to grab me. "I'll walk up," I say casually, forcing myself to meet Sherlock's gaze. "Maybe you can lead the way?" Sherlock nods stiffly. "Mike, can you grab my other arm?"
"Gregory Lestrade. The Detective Inspector. I'll call him and have him arrest John, or if you'd rather we can deport him, or kill him-"
Mycroft's ever-present limo drives us over to Baker Street. We exit the car together, Sherlock's thumb rubbing circles around my hand.
"Don't be ridiculous, Sherlock. Our sponsor has told us a lot about how brilliant you are. We know you cracked our code, and you're smart enough to know which agent double-crossed us, and better yet, where we can find it."
"Let me know as soon as you come up with something. Greg, we're going to have to communicate between the four of us and get this thing planned. Babies are lots of work, and baby showers can be overwhelming too. Don't worry," she says, turning back to Sherlock and John, completely ignoring the panicked look Lestrade is shooting her, "our goal is to make this as effortless for you as possible." She walks away muttering about color schemes.
‘Mark him!’ John pulls his mouth from Sherlock’s, but before Sherlock can protest he trails a line of kisses down his neck, pausing to briefly bite Sherlock, just hard enough to break skin.
Lestrade and John obediently carry the food out to the gorgeous patio, greeting Anthea who is already there. They don't get led inside, which is a shame because Greg really wants to look around. 'Oh well,' he thinks, 'perhaps I can get elusive Big Brother to take me on a tour later.'
Sherlock would sit next to John during the evening when John was watching the telly sometimes, so John would rub his hair and massage his scalp until he went boneless as a reward. The first time, John had followed instinct and leaned down to kiss Sherlock on the lips. He pulled away as soon as Sherlock froze. “Sorry, I shouldn’t have-“
"It's okay, I understand." After another check to reassure himself Mycroft is alright, he goes down to the guest room and begins arranging for the night. He strips down to his pants and crawls into bed, curling into the blankets blissfully. He drifts off soon after, exhausted.
“Greg!” Sally exclaims as he heads to his office. “What are you doing? I thought you were going home?”
Sherlock laughs. "I think you'd be fine no matter what. It's me I'm worried about, with the experiments and the bipolar behaviors. We're going to have to work on that."
"It is traditional to announce the birth of a baby in some form, is it not? Considering Mycroft is the only one who currently knows we are having children, we should make an announcement. Christmas is coming soon, it is the perfect opportunity to announce the imminent birth of our children." They've reached the front of the queue, and Sherlock pulls out his wallet. "You should leave your boyfriend, he's cheating on you," he tells the flabbergasted cashier. "Merry Christmas!" he calls as he leaves.
With a swish of his coat Sherlock leaves, John trailing behind him looking confused. And that’s how Greg Lestrade finds himself in his office giggling like a child eight hours after discovering his wife was cheating on him.
Sherlock doesn't answer, just leans around him to open the door to 221B. "Sherlock?" John tries again.
"It might be best to have you stay with Gregory for now," Mycroft says, noting John's discomfort. "He's at work, but I can show you to his room." He leads John up the stairs, opening the door to the room John had gone into earlier. "We can order a second bed, the room's certainly big enough for it. I'll look online. Any preferences?"
“Yes, I’ll make sure we’re there at some point tomorrow, so long as I’m not drugged out of my mind enough to forget this conversation,” John reassures him.
"What you did back there, with the tackling of Moriarty, that was, that was...good," Sherlock offers, rubbing his head with the loaded gun. "That was very good."
John goes off to find a new shirt, handing it to Sherlock. The boy changes quickly, throwing his shirt at Sebastian. "Keep it, it's the closest you're going to get to an Omega."
"He's going to be okay," John reassures. "Here, let's get you cleaned up." He leads Sherlock into Mycroft's master bathroom, gently shoving Sherlock atop the toilet. From there, he grabs a washcloth from the rack and wets it, rubbing the cool water over Sherlock's face. "Are you alright?" he asks once he's finished.
Mycroft is already seated and dressed to the nines. He's methodically eating a grapefruit. I watch Greg grab his arm and yank him in for a kiss, which is entertaining. With the way Mycroft looks right now, I wouldn't want to touch him, much less kiss him. Greg obviously doesn't think the way I do.
Sherlock shudders. "No, never that! That's what we called my- the man who contributed to my birth, was Father."
I'm breathing hard now. "I asked why she didn't just leave. She told me he's her soulmate, but he won't bite her, so she had to listen to him. She had to let him hurt her."
Lestrade smirks. "Great, thanks!" He sends out an order to his colleagues to go arrest the brother, then leans back in his chair. "You know, we'd better pray your brother never decides to murder you with a green ladder. 'Cuz if he does, you're death is going to be the biggest cold case ever. I wouldn't be able to solve it."
Clothes rustle inside the bedroom, someone falls on their face with a loud "Ow!" and then the door opens again. Jim and his soulmate both stumble out.
"What did you mean, gay?" Molly demands of Sherlock the moment the door closes behind him. "He's not gay. We're having quite a lot of sex."
"Now I know I'm hearing you wrong," John says, "you and Donovan hate each other, why would you want her to be your child's godmother?"
Sherlock nods yes. "So I went unconscious due to lack of a bond from you during my heat. You had to bond me to revive me."
"John!" Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his arms around Mycroft excitedly. "I love you! We should get married!"
It's the sight of her tears that grounds Sherlock back to reality. He realizes he's hurt a friend, and he shoots John a 'help me!' look. John gives him a look back that tells him he needs to apologize immediately. "Forgive me," Sherlock requests, "I've gone too far. I'm sorry. Merry Christmas, Molly." He leans forward to brush a kiss against her cheek. The moment he does so, his stupid phone goes off with Irene Adler's text alert.
"Family," Mycroft repeats, looking dazed, "yes, that is what family does, isn't it? I wish you both a good night."
"Molly, we're leaving," John says calmly. Both Molly and the Alpha with her stare at him. John realizes belatedly that the Alpha is the same one Jim had admired earlier, during their first robbery.
“Gavin, I always think you’re a moron. Like I said, it’s in your nature. You’ll fight for her because it’s what you do. You always fight for the underdog.”
The click of the phone lets Mrs. Holmes know her son has hung up, and she chuckles to herself as she begins making plans to see him tomorrow.
John does as he's told, though his mind is whirling as he tries to find a solution that will allow him and Sherlock both to walk away from this. He walks out into the pool, and hears his mate's shocked, "John?"
Sweaty and sated, Sherlock curls up under John's arm. "Love you," John mumbles softly. Sherlock is too far gone to answer, so he just pats John's arm as he slips off to sleep.
Sherlock shrugs. “Currently, I’m not sure. I wouldn’t describe what I’m feeling as happiness, necessarily. I’m still adjusting to the idea of having someone else to be around. And of course I don’t really know you, which does make me nervous. I’d like to see you angry, truthfully, so I know what to expect from you. In the future, I believe there is a possibility of my being happy with you. I am open to the idea. I’m done asking questions now. I’m going for a walk. Don’t wait up.”
"Hi Harry and Clara, it's John. Just wanted to let you guys know you're aunts now! Um, Sherlock and the twins are doing fine. Yeah. Call me back when you get the chance, okay? Love you guys!"
“I’m in shock! Look, I’ve got a blanket!” Blanket or not, shock or not, Sherlock suddenly leaps from the back of the ambulance like he was lit on fire, runs to John, and kisses him, clutching him long enough for Lestrade to feel awkward and look away. He rereads his notes, and glances back up at John and Sherlock. Oh. Well. This was…unexpected. John murdered someone for Sherlock, and Lestrade can’t even find a shred of anger in his body about it. He smirks and begins ripping Sherlock’s deductions into tiny little shreds, refusing to let John accept the fallout from shooting the cab driver.
John is on watch and fairly happy. He’s left Sherlock with Sebastian for the time being, and all he has to do is finish this watch-which will be over within the next twenty minutes-and he is done with the Army and can bond Sherlock. After a short, three-day mini-heat for Sherlock to bond John (it’s a little hard to bite someone with a bonding bite when you’re unconscious) they would fly back to England and get settled into their new life in London together.
Being held like this instantly brings back bad memories. The only times I've been picked up lately were by my father, and then only to be thrown down the basement steps. I panic. I'm hyperventilating and crying, begging to be put down. Sherlock puts me back on the couch and backs away, looking pale.
‘Get off my computer. There are things on there not meant for your eyes.-MH’ Sherlock ignores this text too, instead navigating through the computer files, which are neatly labeled for him, until he finds the pictures on code-breaking.
"My Mother got the same treatment I did. She tried to intervene for me all the time, but she got hurt worse than I did. I finally told her to stop because he hurt her worse, and I didn't want her to get hurt. She didn't always listen. The one time my Father came home- I've never seen him as drunk as he was that night. He fought with Harry-she provoked him often, and he took that out on us-and he came into my room. I was trying to sleep, laying in bed, you know." I'm talking only to Jim now. "He kissed me. Was saying all this stuff about teaching me my place and how to behave as an Omega. I screamed. My Mother came in, distracted him, took him away. The next day there were-oh God-" my voice is cracking now and I'm choking on unshed tears "he-he-" I can't finish. Molly's hand is caressing mine lovingly. She is comforting, and I relax and dig down deep for strength.
Jim's whole face is cut up and bruised. "You and I are a sight for sore eyes, Jim," John says lightly. "C'mon, let's go inside and get you fixed up."
Irene approaches too. "No, I think he knows EXACTLY where to look," she counters, grinning at John flirtatiously. Then she looks back at Sherlock. "I'm not sure about you."
Sherlock shrugs. "Thought it might be nice for your shoulder. I noticed you've been favoring it a bit today, it probably got tight due to all of your maneuvering during my heat, so I figured I'd get someone to help loosen you up again. He comes highly recommended from Mycroft."
"I worry about you, Mycroft. Here alone in your big house, taking on the world by yourself, it must be lonely."
"Yes, I do believe you're right. You're a good boy, Mycroft," she says, cupping his cheek and kissing him again. She kissed Sherlock, then John, and left the room. As soon as she was gone, Sherlock made a face and began scrubbing at his cheek.
"I already called Dr. Angelo for my foot," Mycroft says. John hears his voice through a tunnel. He groans softly. Sherlock sets him down, and John's groan gets a lot louder.
"That doesn't mean that abuse doesn't sometimes happen between mates. Even if you are newly bonded, which I noticed you are, we can take steps to keep you away from John. Regardless of what I tell you, you're not a freak, and if he's hurting you then you need to get away. We can help keep you safe."
"I'm honored. Yes, I'd love to! I'll teach him football, and take him to games, and pick out cute little outfits, it'll be great! I'm going to spoil your kid rotten!"
"I need your color schemes, and/or ideas for a mural you want on the wall of your nursery. That's why I'm here- Andvari Painting, you know? We paint," the man tells him.
John begins walking with Sherlock still around his neck. He cradled his Omega carefully, marveling at how light the boy is.
"Around two hours and thirty minutes, since a bomb went off near us this morning," John replies after consulting his watch.
"The helicopter is here for you, sir," one of the officers reports to John. Confused, he goes over and climbs inside.
Sherlock nods. He huffs around the room, slamming things together, and disappears into the bathroom. When he reappears, he is toweling off his damp hair, and John has never wanted to kiss him more. He swallows and realizes his mouth is dry. After a moment, he tears his gaze away.
"This is your chair now. Mycroft and I brought it up here last night." He looks around the room. "So what do you think?"
Thanks to johhlockluv3r, who provided both the prompt and excellent suggestions when my muse gave up on me. I hope you loved this story, and that is was everything you wanted!
His father, seemingly fed up with waiting for an answer, punches his son in the stomach before dragging him over to the basement stairs and throwing him down there.
"Oh we have, have we?" I hear him mutter. My eyes scan him when he's not watching me. The idea of living with a cop, rooming with one, is intimidating. I begin to wonder if he's like me-does he want to be here, or have they essentially kidnapped him like they did me? Is he in love with his soulmate, or does he only tolerate him? I realize belatedly Sherlock is waiting for a response, so I nod.
“Hopefully that will be soon.” The doctor enters right then to inform them that they will be sent home. In an hour, Sherlock and John are on a plane headed back to London. John is hooked up to morphine, with other medications in case of “break-through” pain. Based on the look on John’s face, Sherlock would deduce that every minute brings more break-through pain. He pulls out his laptop and checks his emails so he doesn’t have to stare at his mate’s face twisted in agony.
"I just keep thinking about how quickly she died. She was alive, she was texting me, and now she's dead. And I keep thinking, she was friends with Moriarty."
The final time John tells him to prove a point was possibly the most entertaining. Sherlock had invited Mycroft over for dinner, and insisted to John that he was capable of making dinner for himself, his mate, and his brother on his own. He had sent John off to his last therapy and set about making dinner. John learned a very important lesson that day- NEVER leave Sherlock Holmes in the kitchen to make dinner unattended.
"Listen, I really can't have you here if you're sick. It goes against my code of ethics. So please just get into a taxi and go home. I'll even take pictures and bring it to you later if you want, I just can't have you here right now."
John jumps down to find his mate grinning maniacally. “I’m timing it to see how long before Mycroft realizes we’re here,” he reports, holding up his wrist with a watch on it. Then he darts off, with John rolling his eyes behind him.
He returns wiping his mouth. "Sorry, that's a bit not good," he apologizes. If the team was shocked before, they are now flabbergasted, all of them standing around gaping at him.
Disappointed horror flashed across Greg’s face. He groaned. “Oh, bloody hell. This is the part where you tell me he’s a vampire, isn’t it?” He dropped his head heavily onto the bar and began talking to himself. “It’s always the hot ones. I should have known. Two hot guys, double the ridiculousness.”
how sexy you are?" He dragged his tongue down Sherlock's pectoral. "The way you move against me - it's
"Sher-Sherlock," he sobbed. "'Gonna... gonna come." He pulled Sherlock's head back, but Sherlock used his grip on John's ass to take John right along with him, moaning deeply at the pull on his hair.
Sherlock took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "While I was studying at the Royal Academy of Music. His name was Victor. We were friends. Well. He was my only friend. I don't make friends easily; I never have. And I fell for him. Hard."
John's hand moved to his own wrist, lightly touching the leather strap of Sherlock's watch. He smiled to himself, remembering the morning after his first night in Sherlock's bed. Sherlock had approached John as he was getting dressed, taking his hand. He had strapped his own watch to John's wrist, silencing John's protests with a firm kiss. "I want you to have it," he'd said. The look in his eyes had brooked no further objections. John had slipped his hands under his own collar and pulled out his dog tags. Sherlock had pulled back slightly. "I couldn't..." But when John had reached up and put them around Sherlock's neck, Sherlock had looked at him with unmasked adoration. He'd cradled John's dog tags in his hand for a moment before pressing them against his chest.
John pushed backward, moving down the bed. He released Sherlock's hair and ran his hands over Sherlock's chest and belly. He trailed his tongue down Sherlock's body. Lower, lower. Sherlock was already panting when John took his cock into his mouth. Sherlock cried out, his hands moving into John's hair.
John blinked and looked down at the prince's feet. "Let's get that lovely boot off so we can get you into the bed, Your Royal Highness."
John just shook his head in wonder. How could he be lucky enough to be with this incredible young man? He looked back out over the dock. His heart stopped. Two of the King's men were at the other end of the dock. John's hands gripped the rail tightly.
Sherlock pulled John's hand closer, gazing at his father's wedding ring around John's finger. He rested their joined hands over his heart and closed his eyes. "So am I."
"I hope so, John. He's really quite lovely." Sherlock turned toward John.  The light of the fading sunset behind John shone warmly on Sherlock's face. John's breath caught at the sight.
"I don't think you're in a position to make demands. You're coming with me. Let me see your leg so I can know what we're dealing with."
John tugged at the cuffs of his shirt as he approached the will call window. He'd changed his clothes three times before leaving his apartment, eventually deciding on the shirt that he'd bought on Monday with his sport coat. He hoped that he'd finally found the balance between "nice enough to go to the Philharmonic" and "not trying
When he finally laid John back down, John had no sense of how much time might have passed. Through the haze of his arousal he could feel Sherlock gazing down at him, no doubt admiring his handiwork. Then Sherlock was leaning away to open John’s bedside drawer. He pulled John’s box of toys out and tossed the lid onto the floor.
After a moment, John heard Sherlock's footsteps. The door opened. Sherlock was wearing a white dress shirt and black trousers under a blue silk robe. "Oh! John, I wasn't expecting you!"
Sherlock whimpered and did as John said. John took Sherlock's hand down and wrapped it around his cock. He kept his own hand on top of Sherlock's and began to stroke. Sherlock gazed up at him, his mouth slightly open, his breathing still heavy.
Sherlock watched John kneel in front of him. John extended his hands but paused to look into Sherlock's eyes again. Sherlock had never seen such deep blue eyes. "May I?" he asked. Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, crossed his arms, and looked away.
Sherlock cried out again, completely overwhelmed. John's mouth was warm and perfect. His tongue stroked the underside of Sherlock's cock as he pushed the head back and forth in the tight channel of his throat. Sherlock shuddered hard and clenched his fists in the dressing gown. He had never felt pleasure like this. He continued to cry out wordlessly.
John and Sherlock crashed together, clutching at each other. Sherlock was drenched, his skin cold to the touch. He wrapped himself tightly around John. The two police officers had run after him. They stopped behind Sherlock, looking slightly shocked.
Sherlock's mouth was soft and sweet. John dropped back down off his toes, breaking contact. Sherlock immediately bent down and kissed John tenderly. He put his hand on the back of John's neck and threaded his fingers through John's hair. John's heart was racing. He opened his mouth slightly to pull Sherlock's lower lip between his. Sherlock let out a breathy little whimper before pulling away.
." John leaned down. He had both hands on Sherlock's shoulders now. His remarkably blue eyes burned into Sherlock's. "Like it or not, you need help right now. I won't let you go back out there injured and alone." Sherlock stared back, stunned into silence.
John squinted at the trellis. He saw bees passing through a gap in the wooden structure. "Oh, wow. I never would have noticed that." He grinned at Sherlock.
"Your tibia - your shinbone - is cracked, but it didn't break in two. I don't have to set it. Believe me, you wouldn't have enjoyed having it set. And you haven't broken the skin, so you don't have to worry about a nasty infection taking the leg. You should be fine in a few months."
He didn't know how much time had passed when he heard footsteps behind him. His throat hurt. His hands and face were wet.
They held each other for a long time. Then John pulled back. "Come, my love. We can't spend the whole afternoon on the ground." He got up and helped Sherlock stand. The he helped Sherlock up into the back of the wagon. He got in as well, and both of them sat against the hay John had bought for Beau.
Although both men are now ostensibly retired, they continue to contribute regularly in their respective fields. Holmes is still publishing new music and teaching a small, elite collection of violinists. Watson continues to be involved in the day-to-day operations of the Watson Holmes Foundation, a nonprofit organization which he and Holmes established in 1983 to fund HIV/AIDS research and education. The Foundation also subsidizes medical care and basic needs for people living with HIV/AIDS.
going to pleasure you. This is what I do. I deduce your desires and I fulfill them.” He gripped John’s thighs with his large hands and leaned forward. “Not your
John stepped past him to the other end of the bench and sat down. "So, what are the bees doing this morning?"
They stood silently for several more minutes, looking out over the lights. John felt Sherlock tense up slightly. "John, I've been wanting to talk to you about Christmas."
John turned his head to look at Sherlock. He lifted his arm and pushed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "I love you, dear heart."
Sherlock ran his left hand up onto John's chest, holding John tightly against himself again. He rolled his hips, sighing against John's neck. "My God, John, you're so beautiful like this." His voice was quiet in John's ear. "So responsive. You drive me
John sat up and leaned forward. He stared at the port for a moment before turning back to Sherlock. He gave Sherlock a weak half-smile. "Oh, thank God. I may live after all."
In an instant, everything became noise and smoke and blood. The ground shook. Hot metal tore through John's shoulder. Then he couldn't hear anymore. He instinctively grabbed at his ear with his right hand, but his left arm was dangling uselessly at his side. Blood was pouring out of his shoulder.
Sherlock felt his cheeks flush pink. He stared into his supper plate. "John, you should know the truth. I'm... I'm an unpleasant person. Abrasive. Rude. Difficult. Cruel. I assure you she was glad to be rid of me."
"I did say something. At Angelo's. You shot me down quite unequivocally. For a long time I thought you weren't interested."
John finished rinsing the platter and handed it to Sherlock to dry. He shrugged. "Harry and Clara will be here for turkey sandwiches tomorrow. Besides, it's our first Thanksgiving together. I wanted it to be special."
Sherlock was left alone in the small house. He was very tired and still in a great deal of pain. He carefully pushed himself down the bed until he could lie flat. God, his leg was killing him. He looked around. John's home suited him. Sherlock was surrounded by John's simple, functional furnishings. But a closer look revealed an appreciation for beauty. There was a small ceramic vase on the mantel with a pattern of violets painted on it. It held a single flowering dogwood branch. Sherlock could hear John moving around outside. The bed smelled like him. Sherlock took a deep breath, his eyes closing.
All too soon, Sherlock broke their link, returning his hands to their work. He dipped away from John’s mouth to lavish kisses, licks, and caresses over his neck and collarbone. He worked his way lower, lower, covering John’s body with his attentions. John’s head lolled back, his eyes falling closed as he gasped for breath.
"Mm. I suspect you're already aware of my affinity for music. My vielle was the only thing that kept me from throwing myself out the nearest window." He paused and looked down. "That and... Apollo."
Sherlock used his left arm to give John a little shake. "You didn't answer me, John," he murmured. "Do you want me to stop?"
John took a deep breath and walked up to Sherlock's door. He knocked quietly. Sherlock opened the door immediately. "Come in, John. I was just getting a scotch. Would you like one?"
Sherlock threw his head back, his orgasm overtaking him. He shuddered and groaned as John swallowed around him. When he was completely spent, Sherlock dropped his arms limply.
"The time I've had with you has been more than I could ever ask for. You're worth the danger. You're worth leaving everything behind and starting over. I can't lose you now."
They managed to put themselves back together and get to the Uptown Theatre a few minutes before the show started. John was grateful they had taken the edge off before the concert, because
"Go back to sleep, my love. I'm going up to the house. I want to catch Mike before he stumbles on us out here when he comes to do his chores."
Sherlock stood up straight, rising to his full height. "Doctor Watson, was that a blatant attempt to get into my flat?"
Sherlock seemed unable to speak. John leaned over to the small table and took a drink from his mug of ale. Sherlock followed his lead and did the same. They finished their supper quietly.
Sherlock released John and sat back on his heels. He pulled desperately at his own belt and opened his trousers. John slid down the wall, dropping onto his knees in front of Sherlock. As he tried to catch his breath, he pushed his legs out past Sherlock's side and sat against the wall. He reached out and took hold of Sherlock's upper arms. By this time Sherlock had his underwear pushed partway down his hips.
When Sherlock was certain that John was sleeping, he sat up slowly. Silently, he put his clothes on. He tucked his nightshirt into his pack and drew out his purse. He took half the gold out and put the purse back. He put on his right boot and his cloak, stood, shouldered his pack, and picked up the crutches. He left the gold on John's kitchen table.
"I don't think so. You're injured. I won't have you dying out here. I'll take you back to my house and patch you up. Then you can be on your way."
John kissed Sherlock senseless before sitting back up. "I need to go to the cellar before it gets any later. I'll be back in a few minutes, my love."
"Much better, thank you." Sherlock smiled at him genuinely. He wasn't used to liking other people, but Mike was easy to like. And John's regard for him was the best possible endorsement anyone could have.
The lights blinked out as the carriage hit a bump in the track. John instinctively tightened his arms around his cane. When the lights flickered back on less than a second later, the man was gone without a trace.
John bit back his anger. He was beginning to understand why Sherlock was so shocked that John wanted to help him. Without it being
“No, but it’s considered incredibly rude.” He raised his head and lowered his hands. His thick hair fell into place, and only the tips of his horns were visible.
As soon as Sherlock bolted the door, they both shed their boots and clothes. Sherlock glanced at their mantel and smiled when he saw that John had put two sprigs of fresh lavender in his mother's vase. John's bed was closest to the door, so they collapsed into it clad only in their underclothes, tangling their limbs together. Sherlock sighed contentedly. Then he giggled quietly.
Everything faded as Sherlock fell into a deep sleep. When he stirred, he could see by the quality of the light that it was after midday. He heard the rhythm of John's axe splitting firewood. After several minutes, the sound of the axe stopped. John's footsteps approached the door. John hesitated, then opened the door as quietly as possible and peered around it.
Sherlock's whole body convulsed. He cried out wordlessly as he came. His cries devolved into whimpers as he finished. The tension began to leave his body, and he curled limply against John.
John tipped his head back to look up at him. "From our personal supply, right? Widow Hudson will have our heads if we raid her sales stock."
. He took a deep breath and began to untangle himself from Sherlock. Sherlock propped himself up on one elbow and looked at John with concern. John stroked Sherlock's hair with his clean hand. "Just going to get us cleaned up. I'll be right back." Sherlock dropped back down and closed his eyes.
John hadn’t meant to speak, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel ashamed. Not now. Not after everything that had passed between them.
They laid down in the back of the wagon to sleep. John had bought blankets to make it more comfortable for them. Sherlock pulled John close, wrapping his arms around him. John nuzzled his head into Sherlock's shoulder and pulled the blankets securely over them both. "We'll be home soon, my darling."
John pulled Sherlock forward, bringing him back up on his knees. "Come here. Come on." He dropped one hand to the back of Sherlock's knee and lifted it over his own legs. He tugged at Sherlock until he was settled in John's lap, his knees on either side of John's hips. Sherlock swayed slightly. His thighs quivered. He draped his arms over John's shoulders and let his head droop. "
Sherlock talked for several minutes, launching into a detailed explanation of the colony's role in the health of the rose garden. He was mid-sentence when he suddenly drew up short. "Oh, God," he said. "I must be boring you to death, going on about this-"
Greg’s gaze was caught in the open collar of Sherlock’s ridiculously tight shirt. He was definitely a goner.
Sherlock snickered. He opened his eyes. "You drove me absolutely mad, too, John. That day in the garden especially."
" He looked down at Sherlock and let out an anguished whimper. "What are you doing?" He released Sherlock's hair.
"But I've kind of had this idea in the back of my head." John took a moment to compose himself. He took a deep breath. "I was thinking, maybe instead of looking for another job at a hospital or a clinic, maybe I could... start my own practice."
When the last note of Sherlock's last solo faded, the music hall was completely silent for a moment before Lestrade lowered his arms. Then the audience began applauding enthusiastically. Lestrade stepped off his podium, turned to face the audience, and bowed. He faced the orchestra again and began signaling wind players who had performed solos to stand individually. The audience and the rest of the orchestra applauded for each one. Lestrade turned to the young dark-haired cellist and she stood, smiling shyly. Then Lestrade turned to Sherlock, shook his hand, and pulled him up out of his chair. The audience started getting to their feet. John jumped up. Sherlock smiled broadly. One of his curls had freed itself to fall over his forehead. He was stunning. The audience continued applauding while the rest of the orchestra stood.
The overture ended with a big flourish, and the audience applauded. The conductor had the orchestra stand to acknowledge the audience, and Sherlock locked eyes with John. He smiled a little, and John grinned back at him. Lestrade bowed and walked off the stage. The orchestra sat down.
Sherlock and John picked up their shopping bags and walked outside. The evening air was pleasantly cool. "Which way are you headed, Sherlock?"
Sherlock paused and looked away. "I was trying to reach the port. There was a ship to Athens." He looked at John again. "I'll never make it on this leg. But it doesn't matter. I wasn't running
John whimpered again. With great effort, he lifted his head, nodded, and dropped it back down on Sherlock's shoulder.
John pulled Sherlock's jeans down to his knees, taking his underwear with them. Sherlock's cock sprung free, fully erect, right in front of John's face. John took a moment to look. He lifted his hand and grasped it gently. Sherlock whined. John bent forward and pressed his lips to the head. Sherlock's whole body shuddered. John put his tongue to the base and licked a broad stripe all the way to the tip, which was already wet with precome. Sherlock moaned quietly. John licked him again and took the head into his mouth. He heard a muffled groan above him. He glanced up to see Sherlock staring heatedly at him, one hand clasped tightly over his mouth. John's arousal surged. He concentrated hard, working his lips and tongue over Sherlock and sucking lightly, all while keeping his teeth off of him. He used one hand to keep Sherlock's cock steady and cupped his balls with the other.
John's words made Sherlock's breath hitch. His cock, which had reawakened during his exploration of John's body, throbbed insistently.
He listened carefully as she repeated the section, and by God, Sherlock had been right. Now that Tanisha was keeping her forward momentum a bit, he realized that she'd tipped almost imperceptibly toward self-indulgence the previous time.
"Yes, thank you." John stopped in his tracks when he passed through the entryway into the living room. Sherlock's living room had floor-to-ceiling windows along the far wall, revealing a commanding view of the Plaza below. Bookshelves lined the walls on both sides. One side was filled with records, and the other with books. His violin case was laid across a chair near the window, and he had a music stand with several pieces of music on it set up next to the chair.
Sherlock huffed out a breath. "We'll be back on land by nightfall. I think you'll last long enough to make it there. Come sit with me, John. You'll be a little more comfortable."
Sherlock grinned sheepishly and went to a pad of paper next to his telephone. John followed him. After Sherlock handed him the slip of paper, John took the pencil out of Sherlock's hand and wrote his own number on the pad. He folded Sherlock's number carefully and put it in his pocket.
John ignored him and leaned closer to Greg, letting his hunger rough up his voice. “Think about it, Greg. The more sexual pleasure we give you, the more energy we receive. That means it’s in
When they'd both finished, John got up and put the food away. The first light of dawn was beginning to show through the window over their heads.
John pulled Sherlock's hand away from his cock. Sherlock let out a desperate little cry. Then John took hold of him. Sherlock gasped.
Sherlock made an exasperated noise, but let John up. John dressed quickly. He took care of the fire so Sherlock would be warm while he was gone.
He led Sherlock through the crowd, trying to keep people from bumping him. He found the ship and they boarded. The ship was swaying slightly in the water. It felt very strange to walk on the deck as it moved under him. He had to grab the rail to stay upright a couple of times. He found a relatively quiet spot for Sherlock to sit behind a large coil of rope. He made sure Sherlock was not visible from the shore. John stood at the rail and looked out over the docks.  After several minutes he turned to Sherlock. "Have you traveled on a ship before?"
The first time it happened, John was on the tube. He swayed slightly in his seat as the carriage rocked, arms draped loosely over his cane.
Mycroft rolls his eyes, then launches into a spiel about whatever case he wants Sherlock to take. Sherlock ignores him completely. In the end, he attempts to leave the palace, citing a desire to keep his mysterious client out of his cases because he prefers mystery from only one side of his case. This seems to really make Mycroft grumpy, and he steps on Sherlock's sheet as he goes to walk away.
"We've arrived at your home, sir," intrudes the voice of his driver, and Mycroft rouses himself with a quiet gasp and silent admonition that caring is not an advantage.
John follows Sherlock up to Mycroft's room, and he gently shoves the door open. "Mycroft?" The man in question's eyes slit open, though it's clear even that is taking a lot of effort for him. He groans again, hand twitching toward his stomach. John bustles toward him, slipping efficiently into doctor mode. "What happened?"
John takes a quick shower and gets ready, looking over the clothes Sherlock handed him. John typicality doesn't sleep in trousers, and he definitely doesn't sleep in jumpers. He slips on pants and goes out to his mate.
"Lestrade?" he says, confused, as he swings the door open. "What-" he cuts himself off with a yawn "-what are you doing here?"
The conversation ebbs and flows for a little while, and Sherlock lets it rush around him like a river. He's more concentrated on the emotions he can feel coming through the bond. A little while ago, there was a brief flare of panic followed by intense concentration. Now, there's a tiny bit of disgust, which is overpowered by an overwhelming feeling of compassion. Confused, Sherlock excuses himself to go check on his brother and mate.
Mycroft wanted two things right now, his brother and a high place to think things over. Fortunately, he could have both at the same time- since he had helped pick 221B Baker Street, it had been a stipulation of his own that the place have a 'high ground' area for him. When he had emailed Sherlock to mention it had a second bedroom up the stairs, his brother had offered that he could use it to think whenever he wanted.
"I hate you all," Mike says. "I'm coming along, because otherwise you idiots are all gonna end up dead."
"You're right," John agrees. "I don't. But you have to tell me things, I can't just figure them out. I'm not telepathic. So, back to my original question: how are you?"
"Oh. Oh my god," John muttered. "It's me. The only way to reverse it is to bond him. Wasn't planning that yet, but okay. Okay. Can your car take me to Bart's?"
“Hello,” he greets her smoothly, deftly snagging the teapot from the air as the startled Omega woman drops it during her tea ceremony. “Careful, those are ancient relics.” He smiles at her then. “I’m Sherlock Holmes. This is my mate, John Watson. We’re here about some graffiti, and we think you might be able to help us.”
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, grinning mischievously, as John enters the sitting room. He pounces, growling playfully at his mate. Sherlock is quickly pinned to the chair and John straddles him.
After a while, John's stomach begins rumbling its complaints. He ignores it for a while, but soon reaches the point of no return.
After lots of careful consideration, Sherlock and I had decided we were going to bond. He wanted us to have the opportunity to get to know each other without feeling a sense of obligation, he had told me. But he didn't want to wait any longer to give me an equal partnership in our relationship. We also agreed we would be married, but probably not for several years yet-after I graduated college as a doctor, however long that will take.
Greg finally unlocks his feet and moves. He moves right back out the door, being sure to slam it behind him so his wife realizes she’s been caught. He plods to his car in a fog, backs out of the driveway, and drives right back to New Scotland Yard.
I pull myself up and grab a broom and dustpan. "Let that go, we need to get the cut washed out first," Sherlock tells me.
"I know," Sherlock tells him, smirking. "Now if you'll excuse me." He moves past them, working his way to the door.
"Yes, sir," his driver answers. Mycroft grins in the privacy of his car where no one can see him as the car speeds toward Baker Street.
"It was all there." In a few moments, Sherlock has laid out everything that led to the realization that Jim was gay, concluding with, "that and the extremely suggestive fact that he left his number," which is tugged out from beneath the petri dish, "and I'd say you're better off cutting all ties now."
Every time John opened Sherlock's shirt and found his dog tags there against Sherlock's chest, warmed by his body heat, John paused to touch them. In those moments, his heart felt so full he thought it might burst. The presence of his dog tags against Sherlock's chest and the now-familiar weight of Sherlock's watch on John's wrist were tangible reminders of their growing devotion to each other.
Sherlock's eyes snapped back up to John's face. Sherlock blushed anew as he realized that John had caught him looking. He was almost the same color as his shirt now. "No! Not at all. Please do."
. Sherlock was incredibly sexy, jumping and dancing right next to John. John could barely focus on the show, despite the spectacle that Iggy Pop was. He hardly took his eyes off of Sherlock. His mind was preoccupied with memories of the last couple of weeks.
"It's not your fault, Sherlock. It's theirs. You're perfect." He leaned his head against Sherlock's chest, closing his eyes and listening to Sherlock's heart beating steadily. After a moment, he stood back up straight. "Let's finish these dishes. It's almost time for the lights."
Sherlock looked immensely pleased with himself as he continued to torment John by stroking his own body. He tweaked each nipple in turn before moving on to his abdomen. Finally he reached the waistband of his ridiculous leather trousers. He made a show of further loosening the lacing at the front.
Sherlock froze as he heard John come through the front door. He listened to John's footfalls on the stairs.
John looked down. His clothes were soaked with floodwater after holding Sherlock. He shrugged. "I'll put some scrubs on after I stitch you up."
Sherlock drank gratefully. John opened his pack and gave Sherlock some flatbread, dried meat, and chestnuts as well. He sat down next to Sherlock. Sherlock pulled him close. He untied his cloak and wrapped it around both of them so he could keep John warm. They ate silently.
The morning was clear and pleasant. John jogged along Brush Creek before heading down Wornall and into Loose Park. On impulse, he decided he'd do a lap around the circular rose garden. As soon as he entered the garden, John stopped in his tracks. A huge smile broke over his face.
John pushed Sherlock backward until they smacked into the wall, both of them gasping on impact. John was achingly hard already, and he could feel Sherlock catching up quickly. He ground his hips against Sherlock's, moaning quietly against Sherlock's mouth. He moved on to Sherlock's neck.
John leaned closer. "I know you didn't. Besides," John said, "You have an incredible voice. I could happily listen to you read the yellow pages for hours."
After several minutes had passed, John was feeling calmer. Then he looked up and saw a black mustang drive past the front window.
John was dead on his feet. When Mike came in for his shift, he took one look at him and insisted on driving him home. John accepted thankfully, asking with some trepidation if Mike could take Sherlock as well. To John's immense relief, Mike agreed to take them both to Sherlock's place without questioning him. It took longer to get to Sherlock's building than they expected when they had to drive east to find a passable bridge. The destruction all around them was shocking. There was a knot of distress in John's gut. He knew that his apartment had been underwater during the night. He wondered if anything would be salvageable. He needed to tend to his property, but he couldn't fathom leaving Sherlock at the moment.
John went back to the house. He quietly put together some food for supper while Sherlock watched. When he was done, dusk was falling. He went outside to wait for Mike, planning to take care of his horse for him.
John flinched when he heard the baritone voice. This man's instincts must rival his own. No one should have been able to sense his approach.
“I am done fucking around with you, John,” he snarled. “I let you appeal to my vanity, and for that I blame myself. I think we have both quite forgotten why I’m here.” He pulled harder at John’s hair, and John hissed in pain. Sherlock leaned in, right next to John’s ear. His tone was low and dangerous. “I’m going to take what I want now.”
Sherlock set the platter down and wrapped an arm around John's shoulders. "Yes, John. But I want you to know that I'm sorry that your being with me caused a rift."
John turned to Harry. "Harry, come sit next to me." He scooted away from Clara and gestured at the seat closest to her.
about you." He was forced to release Sherlock's wrists as he moved down to Sherlock's belly. Sherlock's hands found their way into John's hair. "I can't get over how
"No, I'm going to check on my apartment. I looked out the window, and it appears it'll be a messy job. I doubt anything at my place has survived, but I have to take a look."
The idea that this stunning creature was willing to suck his cock was unbelievable already, but to think that he was getting off on it was too much. John saw the pleasure bloom on Sherlock’s face the moment his hand reached its destination.
John leaned a tiny bit closer. "I think I understand, though, because it hurts me when I can't touch you." His eyes searched Sherlock's. "It hurts when I can't kiss you. Is that what you mean, Sweetheart?"
to notice how it felt to have Sherlock's hand on him.) He picked up a crutch and held it up to Sherlock's right side. "Looks like I got pretty close with the height. What do you think?"
Sherlock untied his cloak and pushed it off his shoulders. He looked up. John realized he'd been staring
John instinctively obeyed, out of exhaustion if for no other reason. Sherlock muttered an incantation, and tingling warmth spread through both of John’s wrists. John gasped, but managed to stay still. When Sherlock released him, his skin was flushed but intact.
"You're not going back. Not if I have anything to say about it." John leaned forward. "We just have to keep you hidden until you can travel again."
John hesitated for only a moment before slowly approaching the front of the hollow. His arm tightened his bowstring but he kept the bow lowered.
Sherlock held John tightly in his arms. He was amazed that this exceptional man wanted to be with him.
The sound of Sherlock's violin filtered out through the door. It was plaintive, almost desperate. John was spellbound. As Sherlock played on, his sound changed into something fiery. Passionate. John leaned even closer, resting his temple against the door. After a few minutes, Sherlock's music changed again. It felt joyful. John closed his eyes and let it wash over him.
what I'm doing, John." He released John's cock and sat back on his heels. "Or did you think you'd gotten away with it?"
"I was remembering that time I went for a run, right after we had first met, before we were together, and I found you there by accident."
Sherlock's smile was brilliant. John instantly felt lighter. He smiled back as he was swept into a tight embrace. "Thank you, John," Sherlock said quietly. "I don't want to go without you."
Sherlock swallowed around John as he came incredibly hard. John was vaguely aware that he was crying out loudly. Sherlock held John tightly until he sagged weakly against the wall, whimpering. John loosened his fingers and allowed his hand to slip out of Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock replaced his left hand on John's cock with his now-wet right hand and began to stroke. John convulsed again, whimpering against his left hand. His right hand tightened in Sherlock's hair.
John smiled and got up. He brought over the food and fresh water from the spring. The afternoon sun was warm. Sherlock pushed the coverlet and cloak aside. They ate together quietly.  When they were finished, John helped Sherlock lie back. "You'll do better if we keep that leg above the rest of your body as much as possible."
John allowed Sherlock to pull him into the bed, careful to avoid putting any pressure on Sherlock's left leg. Sherlock's hands guided John down so he was on top of him. He shoved his right leg between John's.
John approached the cellar hatch. "Sherlock, Sherlock, it's me." He opened the hatch, ran down the stairs, and grabbed Sherlock. Sherlock and John clung to each other silently for several minutes.
"I've got a little food in the kitchen. I think I can manage a couple of sandwiches." He stood up slowly, not sure his legs would hold him yet. Sherlock giggled at him.
” he began, but stopped short. It was all going wrong. Sherlock was shutting him out. He pushed his anger down.
When they were finished in the kitchen, John turned the lights in the living room off and led Sherlock over to the window. They looked down at the cars clogging the streets as people crowded in for the lighting ceremony.
John looked to Sherlock, but those green eyes were locked on someone else with a familiar intensity. John didn’t bother to look.
When he’d finished, he dropped his hands onto the bed to support himself, taking a moment to recover. He breathed heavily, his wings moving slightly in sympathy with his chest. With his head down, his sublimely beautiful curlicued horns were visible.
He heard the water running in the bathroom as he finished cooking the bacon. He kept himself busy, waiting. Sherlock appeared in the doorway, smiling sheepishly. He'd put on his trousers and shirt, although the shirt was untucked and only partially buttoned. His hair was tousled and his feet were bare. He was
John's vision whited out as his orgasm overtook him. He cried out loudly, his whole body convulsing as he came. Sherlock caught him under his arms as his legs gave out.
Sherlock sighed and squeezed John tighter. He made a grumbly little noise before he released John. Sherlock pulled back, scrunching up his face when he saw the mess on their bodies.
They walked back to the door. As Sherlock reached for the doorknob, John said, "One more," and pulled Sherlock in for another kiss.
John efficiently stripped Sherlock's dripping clothes off of him. As he dried him off, John swallowed hard at the sight of his dog tags against Sherlock's chest.
"Yes, you too," John mumbled, eyes closed, already relaxing into the bed. Sherlock stroked John's hair until he fell asleep.
Then John's mouth was on his neck, kissing it, licking it, nipping at it gently. Sherlock whimpered, letting his eyes close. John let Sherlock's wrist and hair loose so he could grab the lapels of his dressing gown. He pushed it off of Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock managed to tilt his body away from the door long enough to let the dressing gown fall and pool at his feet.
After John had showered and brushed his teeth, he peeked back into the bedroom. Sherlock hadn't moved. John smiled. He watched the beautiful man sleeping in his bed for a few moments before going to the kitchen to make breakfast.
"Hello, John." John moved aside as Sherlock tipped his head back under the shower spray. When Sherlock straightened up, he ran his hands over his hair to push the excess water out.
The top of the piano was stacked high with charts, notebooks, and sheet music, both printed and handwritten.
John rolled his hips against Sherlock's and broke away from his mouth to attack Sherlock's neck. He began thrusting his hips steadily as he licked a long stripe from Sherlock's collarbone to his ear.
John ran back down the hill. When he reached the cellar hatch, he started calling out quietly. "It's me, Sherlock, it's me, I'm back." He swept the leaves away and opened the hatch. Sherlock looked as terrified as John felt.
Sherlock grinned broadly. "Fine. Not a problem." Sherlock climbed off of John and knelt on the bed at his side. He undid John's trousers and pulled them off, taking his pants with them. He flung them to the floor and looked at John, spellbound for a moment. "John."
Sherlock opened the door. John looked into his eyes and promised, "I will call you in exactly two weeks. I won't change my mind."
Sherlock's arms tightened around John's shoulders. His body went rigid. He cried out wordlessly into John's shoulder as he came over John's hand and onto his chest and stomach. John worked him through it, still murmuring his encouragements. "That's it.
. He looked out over the crowd. The crewmen were making their final preparations for the passage, shouting at each other in French. John watched, fascinated by how well they worked together. He looked at Sherlock again. "I wish I knew what they were saying."
This is the third installment of the Star's six-part series of profiles of same-sex couples in the Kansas City area who married after marriage equality became U.S. law.
Sherlock was shocked into silence. He wasn't used to people talking to him like that. But then, John didn't know who he was.
And with that, Sherlock lowered himself all the way down onto John, reclaiming his mouth in a heated kiss. When Sherlock broke the kiss, he moved his weight to John's side and buried his face in John's neck again. "I love you, my John."
John drove Sherlock to a cocktail bar. He felt self-conscious about his car, a green Chevy Vega, after having seen Sherlock's Mustang. But the main thing on his mind was how grateful he was that Sherlock seemed to have cautiously forgiven him.
He walked briskly toward the door. The waiter was leaning against a pillar. As John passed him, he spoke, his tone scornful. "Better hurry. Your
Remarkable violin music filtered in from the living room as John sat down at the kitchen table with his laptop and a cup of tea. In John's opinion, Sherlock's newest composition was one of the best he'd written in years. He relaxed into his chair and closed his eyes to listen.
As the sky grew darker, they held each other and talked quietly. John found himself telling Sherlock things he hadn't spoken of in years. Things he'd never told anyone else. Sherlock was opening up to him as well. They talked for hours in the pale moonlight filtering in through the windows before drifting off to sleep, tangled together in Sherlock's bed.
John's heart was still racing. He closed his eyes and focused on the way the breeze felt on his body. He put his right hand up and squeezed his left shoulder. After a moment, he opened his eyes and dropped his arm back to his side. He watched a single car moving slowly through the quiet streets.
Sherlock's hands found their way into John's hair and clutched at it. John moaned softly around Sherlock, and that put Sherlock over the edge. His body tensed up as he came in John's mouth, gasping for air and struggling desperately to be quiet.
He rose up on his knees, dropping his hands to the waistband of his ridiculous leather trousers. He made quick work of the complicated-looking knot at the top of the lacing and perfunctorily loosened the laces before dropping back down.
"Yes. But it'll keep until tomorrow. I'm going to stay close to the house today. You should sleep. I'm guessing you didn't have a restful night last night."
John looked up at Sherlock's face. Sherlock could still see trepidation in John's eyes. He smiled at John warmly.
"The most romantic thing you've ever said to me contained the words 'rat's ass.'" He giggled again. "John Watson, you truly have the soul of a poet."
"Because I met you. Breaking my leg brought me to you." He squeezed John's hand. "It was worth the injury. It would be worth many injuries to spend even a moment with you."
A wave of guilt crashed over Sherlock. John was in danger because of him. He never should have let John help him. If John Watson came to harm because of Sherlock...
Sherlock was twisted around in his chair, talking to the other violinists. He was gesturing with his bow. He then turned forward and spoke to the conductor. The conductor said something back. Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock clutched John's arse tightly as John got even harder. John tugged on Sherlock's hair, making Sherlock groan loudly as John started to come. John cried out helplessly.
John could feel his heart rate increasing. His eyes fluttered closed. Sherlock was so close that John could feel his body heat. He tilted his face up when he sensed Sherlock bending downward, anticipating the press of Sherlock's lips against his own.
Sherlock hadn't eaten anything. John put his empty plate next to Sherlock's full one and stood directly in front of Sherlock. "You want to tell me what that was about?"
John settled his head back on the pillow. "Do you know why I wanted to propose to you in the rose garden?"
“You are going to watch. You will not take your eyes off me.” The intensity in his eyes gained a new dimension. “
"I'm looking for adventure after having been laid up with my injury. My mother had family in Wittenberg. I thought I'd start by seeking them out and then see where life takes me."
Sherlock glanced down at his jeans, combat boots, and black Thin Lizzy t-shirt. He looked at John again, tilting his head. "Did you expect me to wear a suit to an Iggy Pop concert? The crowd would tear me apart."
! We'll think of a way to get you away from the king's men! I can't bear to have you out there alone and injured!" John's eyes burned into Sherlock's.
Sherlock's face flushed a little. He followed John to the couch. Both men took a sip of wine and set their glasses down on the coffee table.
. There must be a way forward. Going back was not an option. He would rather die than spend another day under Mycroft's thumb.
"Number 12B. I'll meet you there in a few minutes." Sherlock got into his car and drove off, leaving John standing on the sidewalk with a goofy grin on his face. John walked quickly to his own car and followed Sherlock.
"You're not so bad yourself," Sherlock whispered back. He stroked John's hair. "Let's get off the floor. We should have time to lie down and recover for a while before dinner."
"I managed to grab hold of a tree." His voice grew thick. "I could see your car. The water had picked it up and shoved it against a lamppost."
John reached up and took Sherlock's hand in his. "Come back to the wagon, gorgeous. I've got supper ready."
The guards were walking toward the ship. The crew was slowly releasing the ship from the dock. John squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. He opened them again. The guards were still walking toward the ship, but the crew was finishing their work. The gap between the ship and the dock began to widen. John's heart was hammering inside his chest as he watched. The guards kept walking, passing the dock where the ship had been moored. They continued on. John slumped against the rail, trying to concentrate on breathing. As he began to calm, he realized that his hands were cramping from clutching at the rail. He released his grip and stretched his trembling fingers.
Lestrade turned to Sherlock and extended his hand. Sherlock began to play again. It was like his earlier solo at first, but it became more aggressive, more passionate. John's breath caught. When the rest of the orchestra took over, John took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He peeked at his program again. Scheherazade was divided into four sections. This must be the second, "The Story of the Kalendar Prince."
Sherlock resisted the urge to turn around and face John. "He's very well. And I trust your work on the vines this morning went as planned. But you didn't come down to the cellar this afternoon to ask about the mead. Or the hives. Or Beau."
"Lovely as always. They didn't want to take the gold piece, but I told them you'd have my head if they didn't."
Joe answered, "We pulled him out of the water. He was hanging on to a tree near 48th and Rockhill. We had a devil of a time getting him here. He fought like a wildcat. Kept saying he had to find John." Joe broke into a grin. "Sure would have been a hell of a lot easier bringing him in if we'd known he meant you, Doctor Watson."
John shuddered, his eyes fluttering shut briefly. "Sherlock, I want to make sure I understand. Are you saying you want to... have a sexual relationship?"
Sherlock's shirt fell from his hands. Sherlock let John pull his head back, moaning at the pull on his scalp. "It's not a tease if I follow through, John."
John found a spot where Sherlock could wait while John arranged a room. John stood next to Sherlock. He didn't move to leave. In fact, he seemed rooted to the spot.
“I’m extremely skilled,” he added, curling his long fingers against the sheets. “I can give you pleasure you’ve never known. I haven’t been rejected in the last six thousand years or so.”
John caught himself smiling back, looking into Sherlock's eyes. He broke eye contact and started putting things away. He deliberately stayed busy until Sherlock finished eating.
John nodded again, still too overcome to speak. He put both hands into Sherlock's hair and pulled him down into a kiss. It was tender, but there was a current of heat under the sweetness.
A deep, rumbling chuckle from Sherlock. “I haven’t seen a danger kink as strong as yours in centuries.” He snapped his lethal-looking teeth at John and watched with satisfaction as John shuddered. “I’ll admit it’s fun to play with.” He released one of his iron grips on John’s thighs.
Sherlock let out a low moan. His hips hitched upward. John captured Sherlock's left hand and laced their fingers together, relishing the familiar stretch as his own fingers spread between Sherlock's larger ones.
Sherlock put his left hand up to John's face. His thumb lightly brushed over John's cheekbone as his fingertips landed just behind John's ear. John's heart was pounding now. Panic was rising rapidly in his chest. He staggered backward, yanking his hand out of Sherlock's grip.
John choked back a cry. He clapped his left hand over his own mouth. His right hand was still in Sherlock's hair.
When he woke, the morning sun was filtering down through the trees. His pain, while still present, had subsided quite a bit. The swelling was considerably better as well. John was warm, slumbering at Sherlock's side.
. Sherlock's hands reversed direction, moving back up his thighs. One hand gripped John's hip while the other took hold of John's cock. John shuddered. "Ah!"
Sherlock dragged his hands down John's body. He pushed his right hand over the front of John's trousers and onto his erection. John arched his back again. "Sh-Sherlock!" he cried, his voice breaking.
John smiled wolfishly at him. He rolled his hips as he bent down, wringing a cry of pleasure from Sherlock. He kept Sherlock's wrists pinned to the mattress as he kissed him deeply. Sherlock arched his back, panting against John's mouth. John continued thrusting his hips against Sherlock, appreciating each whimper and cry he was able to draw out of him.
The spatula clattered onto the counter. John walked quickly to the door, barely managing for decency's sake not to run.
Sherlock hadn't said anything. John lifted his head to look at him. Sherlock's smile was incandescent. "I think it's
John was shocked and horrified. His heart was still pounding in panic after he'd come back around the wagon to find Sherlock crumpled on the ground. He helped Sherlock sit up and wiped the tears off his face with a clean handkerchief. He took Sherlock's face in his hands and looked into his eyes. "
John stared down at the top of Sherlock's head incredulously. Sherlock let out a frustrated little noise and put his hand back on top of John's. He pushed at John's fingers, curling them into his hair. John flexed his fingers in Sherlock's hair and seized as much of it as he could. He felt Sherlock gasp. He gave his hand a little twist. Sherlock moaned around John's cock, and John nearly came. John bit down on his own hand, determined to hang on a little longer. He closed his eyes and dropped his head back against the wall with a thud. He groaned into his hand.
Sherlock looked John's record collection over as John poured two glasses of red wine. As John handed Sherlock his glass, Sherlock turned toward him. "You have a very good collection here."
He and Sherlock spent more than an hour searching through the crates together. They each purchased several records from a beaming Angelo and walked out onto the sidewalk.
The door burst open, and John jolted backward out of the way as a young woman pushed past him. He fully expected to hit solid flesh and bone as he moved back, but he stumbled into thin air. He turned. Nothing.
. John watched as the subject of his fantasy closed the door and efficiently stripped his clothes off, folding each article neatly.
The door opened slowly. John walked in, lugging a bucket of water. Sherlock let out the breath he didn't know he'd been holding and let his hand drop away from his knife. John grinned at Sherlock, set the bucket down, and went back out into the hall to pick up a second bucket of water.
He opened his laptop and clicked on his CNN bookmark. His heart leaped as he read the banner across the top of the website: 'Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Same-Sex Marriage Nationwide.' His hands trembled as he read the reports and clicked through pictures of people celebrating on the steps of the court building and elsewhere.
. John smiled to himself, pleased that Sherlock could feel that relaxed with him. He tilted his head down, trying to see Sherlock's face. Sherlock stirred and sat up.
hear." And he dove back down. He moved one hand to John's balls and the other around to grip his ass. John cried out uncontrollably. He twisted his trembling hand in Sherlock's hair and tried to hold back, but he was too far gone.
Sherlock shuddered. He took a shaky breath and stared heatedly into John's eyes. He surged forward, kissing John hard and sliding his hand from John's hip to his aching cock. John sobbed uncontrollably against Sherlock's mouth, overwhelmed with pleasure as Sherlock stroked him steadily.
John pulled back. Greg was already wrecked. If Sherlock hadn’t been holding him, he might’ve fallen to the floor.
John's hands made their way to Sherlock's waist and grasped it. All at once, John's body was pressing in against Sherlock's, his leg was pushing between Sherlock's knees, and his mouth was on Sherlock's neck.
John smiled into the phone. "I want to cook dinner for you tonight. That way I get you all to myself. I could even kiss you right at the dinner table."
. John watched the early morning sunlight catch in Sherlock's silver-white curls, making them glow like a corona around his head. He was breathtakingly beautiful. "You remember," John said softly.
Sherlock took hold of John's belt. He deftly removed it and opened John's trousers. John reached down to stroke his fingers along Sherlock's jaw. "You don't have to..."
While they ate, John worked very hard at not thinking about licking the barbecue sauce off of Sherlock's fingers. And his mouth. And... and John was spectacularly unsuccessful. It didn't help that Sherlock seemed to know
John stood and approached him. “You underestimate me.” He moved into Sherlock’s space. “And there’s another reason you should return, bright eyes.”
John leaned into Sherlock's space. Sherlock's heart began beating faster. John was right next to Sherlock's ear. "I was glad to see Mike," he whispered. "But I have to admit that part of me couldn't wait for him to leave." Sherlock's breath caught.
"It's no problem, John. I'll meet with Lestrade tomorrow. I'd like to make amends for accosting you in the street, however unintentional it was." He took a drink of his Coke.
Sherlock pulled back, eyes sweeping over John’s upper body. He regarded him thoughtfully for a moment before speaking. “You regret allowing me to bind you to your bed - you shouldn’t, by the way, I know what I’m doing - because right now you’d quite like to grab me by the hair,” he began, illustrating the point by plunging his own hands into it, “Knock me onto my knees, and shove that big, fat cock of yours right down my throat.” He clutched at his hair and arched his torso lasciviously. “Because that would be a rather fantastic way to shut me up, would it not?”
"Well, I was curious as to how close I could get to you without upsetting you or making you nervous. Moving the table slowly was a method of systematic desensitization, getting you acclimated to my presence in small increments so as not to upset you."
"Can't say I blame her," John mutters softly. Both brothers peruse him for a moment- his jaw is clenched, along with his fists, meaning he's not lying. "This blood is already soaked into the floor," he says, louder. "We'll never get it up by scrubbing. Do you have a sledgehammer?"
'No, no, God no, please please God no,' Sherlock thinks. He wants to get up, wants to run away, somewhere where Mycroft won't track him with CCTV and his-please, no! Anything else but this!- new mate can't find him.
“I thought Eddie Van Coon might be one of the people being notified through the graffiti. He was a new trade banker, recently been to Hong Kong. He’s as good a starting place as any. I also lifted his address book off his desk, it’s got his home address written in it. We can start there.”
“I wanted you to want me too. To choose me the way I chose you.” Thus saying, he promptly dozes off.
"No, I'm serious," Greg insists, trying to see if Sherlock realizes how weird this is. "If there's something suspicious about the death of Connie Prince, why point it out?"
“Thanks.” The clicking of keys is the only response he gets as Lestrade moves into the hall and down the stairs.
"There were bruises all over. He hurt her. She was bleeding and- from cuts and he yanked some of her hair out and it was my fault because if I had just stayed quiet it wouldn't have happened!"
"Put that thing down, darling," she scolds lightly, standing and pressing his hand down toward the floor. "Let's talk business."
"I dislike being outnumbered." It's true, he prefers to be in an evenly-numbered fight as much as he can help it. If John were here he would take on all the men, no, they would take on all the men together, but it is just him, so he tries to get the men sent out. "It makes for too much stupid in the room."
John sits there in shock. His mouth falls open, and then snaps shut with an audible click. "I- wow. Just, wow. You're sure?"
Dead silence. John can tell that they are thinking about how to respond, which he appreciates. No snap answer or cliché, his friends are thinking about how to respond.
"That was ONE TIME!" Sherlock shrieks. "I'm fine. Just a bit of a disagreement in my stomach. It's settled now."
I barely have any time to register Greg's mouth on mine. His mouth feels...nice, I guess. Warm, lips a little chapped. I slide my hands under his shirt, gently running them over his abdomen. And I feel nothing. No life-changing "I'm gay!" epiphany. No spark, no fire like I heard Omega girls giggling about. Nothing.
"Hey Johnny, Mike." He sees the fourth of their group, quiet Molly Hooper, and stands up to yell "Yo Molly over here!" John flinches involuntary, which Jim notices but is too polite to comment on.
"I know," John replies, "but it's definitely nice to hear it from your mouth every once in a while."
“Yes. Overjoyed. It honestly feels like you complete me, that isn’t just some romantic claptrap I’m spewing. I think I could be happy in London doing some kind of doctoring, and spending every day with you.” He quickly asks the question he’s been dying to know for a while. “Are you, or do you think you could be, happy with me as your mate?”
"First and only time you'll ever hear that, John," calls a teasing voice behind them. Both Sherlock and John swing around to see Lestrade, a shopping basket on one arm that's completely empty, with a huge grin on his face.
John laughs. "You shouldn't tease your brother," he reprimands. "Let him figure it out for himself."
Jim takes a step forward and knocks the petri dish nearest Sherlock onto the floor. He fumbles with it for a moment before placing it back, mumbling "Sorry!" under his breath all the while. John turns away, afraid of what he'll say if he doesn't. Once Jim has fixed his mess, he glances at Sherlock again, though he moves over to his girlfriend now. "Well, I better be off. It was nice meeting you."
“I like helping people, and this was perfect. Being a surgeon was perfect for my adrenaline, too. I loved the rush of being in the operating room, being on a schedule to help make someone better. It’s the most wonderful thing I can imagine. Right up there with…..never mind. What do you like to do?”
“Sorry?” Lestrade is pretty sure he needs to get his ears cleaned, because never in a million years had he thought he would hear Sherlock Holmes say the words ‘I was wrong.’
Sherlock passes John one of the donuts, then crawls onto the bed to be with his brother as he eats. The food is just what he needs to feel well again, though he passes up the coffee with the excuse of not being thirsty. After all, he doesn't want to clue Mycroft in to his pregnancy, and he shouldn't have the caffeine.
Sherlock’s face morphs into one of sympathy. “Oh, John, I’m sorry. I truly thought leaving a note would be good enough. And you just charged up the stairs and jostled your shoulder…just give me a minute to get the case and we’ll go home.” He turns to Lestrade. “I need the case.”
"Yes. A situation has arisen which requires your expertise. You are to fly back to London immediately. There is a flight leaving the base in one hour. You will be expected to be on it. I will meet you at the private airport as soon as you arrive. You will be briefed on the situation and sent in. I'll see you then."
John had just stepped away to discuss Sherlock's changes with Doctor Sawyer when he feels a growing sense of panic through the bond. The sense of 'other, alien, but respond and protect all the same' alerts him to the fact that Sherlock is awake. He excuses himself and runs down the hall, knocking on the door in warning as he blasts in.
"Not forever, that isn't necessary," Sherlock answers him, "but certainly the rest of our natural-born lives is not too much of a stretch."
"Greg and Mycroft are important parts of the Work too!" John protests. "They bring us cases! Are you married to them too?"
"I'll take a picture and send it to Mycroft. He can tell us the numbers of the graffiti. We have two words, we can take it from there."
John's mouth hangs open in shock. "You're proposing to me using a ring you pulled off a dead body?!"
"I thought I said no!" John exclaims angrily, but Sherlock has already vanished around the side of the building. He darts around the side too, glaring at his mate once he catches up. “We talked about this, I said no!”
"Oh, that's not at all what I thought it was," John remarked. "I figured it was something to do with Lestrade."
The dream was clearly a product of over-active imagination, Mycroft reassures himself. Fact one: he's not handsome. The man in the mirror isn't skinny enough or muscular enough to qualify. Add to that his hair color (there is nothing attractive about ginger hair) and his freckles (hideous) and he makes the jump from possibly attractive to downright ugly. Fact two: his blush isn't attractive either. No less than five bed partners have told him it's ugly, clashes hideously with his hair, and Mycroft is inclined to believe them. Fact three: he would never bond to anyone. Ever. Fact four: he's only having this dream because Sherlock had been bonded, and his weak-willed Omega biology decided it was jealous. Fact five: the choice of Detective Inspector as dream companion was a coincidence wrought from the thought that the man was an enigma. Mycroft certainly wasn't attracted to him, he had had enough dreams of himself and Prince William, an Omega friend, to know he wasn't actually attracted to Gregory. His Omega biology and his own subconscious had picked an interesting person and Gregory had just happened to be the result.
Mycroft leans forward, unable to keep the smile off his face as he tells his driver, "Sherlock has had the twins. I'm an uncle."
"Let me see, John." His omega mother kneels next to him in the dirt, tenderly turning his face toward hers.
Sherlock Holmes was nobody's idea of a traditional Omega. The seventeen year old rejected Alpha suitors outright, though at his age he was already expected to be bonded. After he sent a string of female lovers away in tears from his cruel deductions, his parents decided to have males pursue him. After all, their son had always needed a firm hand to discipline him, perhaps he needed a male Alpha. Sherlock took this challenge and rose above it, he insulted and overall bullied each man until they left him alone. (What Sherlock never told was how uncomfortable the men made him with their lewd comments and sordid promises of what they would do to him, the way they would force a bond on him, keep him bred with pups, and so on.) His parents viewed this as a disgrace, Sherlock saw it as the ultimate victory.
"Well, when I saw Mycroft for the first time and the only thing I could think of was that I really wanted his mouth against mine, that helped me realize it."
Anthea is suddenly at the door knocking. “Hello, Detective Inspector. I was sent for the information regarding the serial murderer Jeff Hope who was killed last night.”
Sherlock pouts, but he does take the cup once John actually makes it. Shockingly, he drinks it all too, though with a fair amount of grimacing and pouting so John knows he's suffering. Thankfully, John can feel Sherlock's dramatic feelings throwing through the bond, and he knows that Sherlock doesn't mind the tea.
My hand flies up in a placating manner. "This isn't what you think. My Omega, Gregory, is a Detective Sergeant for New Scotland Yard."
“Wonderful.” Lestrade types that into the computer too. “Now then, the ballistics report says the weapon was a British Army Browning L9A1. I’d estimate that there are approximately 5,000 of those in London at the moment, and possibly another 20,000 that are unregistered. Since I’m not going to track down all 5,000 registered owners, and since Anderson was working forensics last night and mucked up the crime scene as per usual, I’m going to say the assassin is impossible to find. That was all I needed.” He makes a few more notations, prints the file, signs it with a flourish, and shoves himself away from the computer. “Wish all my cases wrapped up so nicely as this one. ‘Course that would drive me nuts if they were all left open like this one after a while.”
"My brother. I live with him." John arches an eyebrow. Stranger and stranger, this Sherlock Holmes. Omegas typically aren't permitted to live anywhere other than with their parents or a bondmate.
“That arrogant little- do you have contact information for him? A phone number he’ll actually pick up?” Anthea offers him her phone.
"No! Mycroft doesn't know, he can't know, you can't tell him! Promise! Promise me he won't find out!"
"Listen, I'm going to need you to set off a smoke alarm inside, okay? Get the opportunity to get me some water to wash off my face, wash it off because you'll be intolerable otherwise, and then set off the smoke alarm once you get that bowl put back."
Sherlock enters the room, balancing two trays nimbly. Without a word, he prepares a tray for John to his liking, then he grabs his own tray and leaves. John huffs, grumpy his Omega is leaving him after they cuddled together, and grabs his tray and walks out to the dining room table where Sherlock is.
"He's gone. Lets all split up. Mike, Molly, and Jim, did he have any old hiding spots? Particularly if he was hiding from his father?"
"Coming," John agrees, grinning affectionately at his mate. He ruffles his hair as he passes, which causes Sherlock to yelp and retaliate.
"You can't buy me. I won't like your brother just because you buy me things." John's words are purposely antagonizing. He wants to see how much it will take before the man hurts him.
"One day, I had to have Harry help me with the trash. It was too heavy for me, so I needed her help. My Father came home and saw. He yelled at me, told me I was useless, and hit me. He hit Harry too. I was grounded, but Harry wasn't. That was the beginning."
"Sherlock, calm down," John says, trying not to upset the boy more. He plants himself in front of the door as Sherlock is distracted ripping out his NG tube.
"I'm assuming I missed something, but judging by your reputation, I'm guessing you didn't, Mr. Holmes."
John is by his side instantly. "Sherlock, are you okay?" He sees his mate cradling his abdomen and feels worried.
Greg kisses me again and now I'm truly despairing. Maybe I am broken. There is no reaction whatsoever.
The doctor manipulates the transducer a bit more until he finally has a clear shot of both babies, then he takes a picture. He hands it to Sherlock, who cradles it in his fingers like a precious gem.
"Your naivety is endearing, Johnny. You may be the Alpha, but I think we all know Sherlock will come running the moment he realizes you're gone. I've been watching him for a long while, learning all about him. I know how to make him dance like a puppet on a string. Now, I will give you this readout-" he kicks it over to John, "and you will go out there and say whatever I tell you to, or I will blow both you and your mate sky-high. Ta!" And he vanishes into the shadows once more.
"Molly, I think he's my Alpha," answers John. Since he's not bound to Sherlock Holmes, he has to follow the man's orders. It's the reason his father never bonded with his mother. And now, standing here in the yard of the house he just tried to rob, John is forced to come to terms with the idea that he does have an Alpha after all-one named Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock's arms wrapped around John, pinning his arms to his sides and pulling him tightly against Sherlock. John's eyes closed. He could feel Sherlock's arousal.
John's heart was aching for Sherlock. He kept stroking his hair, singing quietly to him until he slept.
"No, you're not!" John wrapped his arms back around Sherlock and looked to the police officers. "What happened? Where did you find him?"
John took his shoes off by the door and left his footlocker in the entryway. He padded to the bedroom to check on Sherlock and found him sleeping deeply. John watched Sherlock's chest rise and fall for a moment before to going to take a shower.
“Incubi feed on human energy. We won’t drain or harm you, we merely pick up what you’re giving off. The two of us are unique in three ways. First, Sherlock here was innovative enough to discover that sexual pleasure is the most potent and satisfying of human energies to absorb. That’s obviously good news for you.”
John got to work cleaning and stitching the gash on Sherlock's temple. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "You want to tell me why you were in the water instead of safe in your apartment?"
Without warning, Sherlock let go of John, tilted his upper body back, and threw his arms upward between John's body and his, breaking the hold John had on his upper arms. John gasped as Sherlock grabbed both of his wrists and pushed them roughly up over his head. It was a perfectly calculated move. Sherlock had yanked the right wrist up and slammed it against the pillar, but lifted the left with much less force, taking care not to aggravate John's damaged shoulder.
The rocky stream bed had been disturbed. John studied the disruption and determined that something had taken a fall down the bank. Something large.
John worked him harder. Sherlock's whole body tensed up as he spent himself. He then sagged against the chair, still running his fingers through John's hair.
"Yes. It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever heard. Ever seen. You were like an angel. It was almost too much, actually. My heart could barely take it." John stroked Sherlock's hair. "I could actually
"My sister fell in love at first sight. She looked like she'd been struck by lightning. It was incredible."
The bigger man mounted his horse. He turned to John. "Don't forget there's a reward. You see anything unusual, go to our men in the village."
John's brow furrowed. "Whose name?" He squinted down at the chart in his hands, unable to remember whose it was.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a shaky breath. "I... I thought you were in danger." He opened his eyes. They were bright with pain. "The water was rising so quickly. I looked out the window and... it was overtaking your building."
Sherlock drove back to the hospital and parked near John's car. He turned to look at John, his expression blank.
John kissed him gently and reached out to turn off the lamp. He settled back and wrapped his arms around Sherlock.
myself falling more deeply in love with you. And I didn't know it was possible to love someone more than I already loved you. I'm surprised I didn't fall over."
The orchestra began playing as it had in rehearsal, although everything seemed to be heightened by the presence of the audience. John's heart pounded in his chest during each of Sherlock's solos. The orchestra finished the same way it had during rehearsal, and John lifted his hands to applaud before he noticed the people around him hadn't moved. He felt his cheeks flush pink as he lowered his hands.
Hours passed. Sherlock's body began to adjust to the motion of the ship. When he felt strong enough, he stood slowly and went to John. John was curled up on the deck, pale and sweating. His eyes were closed. Sherlock bent down carefully and put his hand on John's back. John opened his eyes. Sherlock spoke gently to him. "Come sit with me."
"Harry, this is Clara." John stood up. "I'll just... go see if Mom needs help with the roast." Neither of the two women looked at him. John suppressed a giggle and went to the dining room so his mother wouldn't see him and shove him back into the living room.
Sherlock took his trousers and pants off and cleaned himself. He took his shirt off as well and put his dressing gown on. He looked at his face in the mirror. He had never looked so... debauched. His complexion was pinker than usual. His hair was riotous. There were small marks on the left side of his neck. Sherlock trailed his fingers over the marks.
John moved the pack closer to Sherlock. Sherlock pulled his left boot out and set it next to the right. He dug through the pack and pulled out his nightshirt. He looked up at John.
Sherlock slid his hands down John's back and pulled him forward. He straightened up and pressed their upper bodies together, heedless of the mess on John's body. At first, John instinctively flinched at spreading the mess, but then he readily gave himself over with an indulgent little chuckle. One of Sherlock's hands moved up to the back of John's head and cradled it against his chest. John could hear Sherlock's heart pounding wildly and feel him trembling. Sherlock kissed the top of John's head. "I love you so much."
"And you know that over the last couple of weeks, I've been contacting as many people as I can, asking around about possible job openings."
John's voice was tight. "I wish we didn't have to hide. But if anyone realizes the.... nature of our relationship, they could kill us.
He kissed Sherlock until he was lightheaded. Then Sherlock pushed forward. He tipped John onto his back and crawled over him, one knee beside John's hip and the opposite foot on the floor. John looked up at Sherlock and let out a low groan. He grabbed the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled his head down to kiss him again. Sherlock sighed against John's mouth. John put his other hand around Sherlock's waist and pulled him down. They both moaned, breaking their kiss as Sherlock's weight dropped onto John's body.
John opened his eyes and looked down when he felt Sherlock tugging at his arm. Sherlock pulled off and looked up at him. He continued stroking John's wet cock with his other hand. John whimpered at the sight of his face, mouth wet and eyes dark. Sherlock pulled his arm again, almost dislodging John's hand from his mouth. "Let go. I want to hear you."
Holmes broke off for a moment to compose himself before continuing, "He paid dearly for being with me. People tend to forget, now that he's accomplished so much, but when he lost his job because of me he had to rebuild his career from the ground up. And most of his family disowned him. His own mother didn't speak to him for the rest of her life."
When he came to a small stream, John finally stopped so he could give Beau a drink and a rest. He leapt down and went to the back of the wagon to get his new grooming equipment so he could rub Beau down.
"It's all right." Sherlock said, ducking his head. "I know it's a bit ostentatious. My brother arranged it for me before I arrived in Kansas City. I could move, of course, but I never got around to it. I actually like my flat - my apartment - quite a lot, but you must never let my brother find out." Sherlock grinned at him conspiratorially.
Sherlock put both hands over his face for a moment. Then he reluctantly pushed himself up to sit against the headboard, whimpering in pain as he moved.
Finally, John seemed to run out of stories. He grinned sheepishly at Sherlock. "Will you tell me one about you, Sherlock?"
Harry's 39, not 100." He looked up at the ceiling and sighed. "You've got to stop doing this. If I get married, I'll do it when I'm ready."
John's eyes closed as his mouth fell open. He gasped when he felt Sherlock drag his tongue from John's collarbone to his ear.
John smiled ruefully. "A disaster. Some of the discs are probably salvageable, but the jackets are a lost cause. I've already brought back everything I want to try to save."
John grinned at him. "Nowhere. I just thought we might not be comfortable sleeping with our breeches halfway off."
As they walked to John's car, John glanced around nervously. He hoped his neighbors wouldn't see him escorting a disheveled young man out of his apartment just after dawn. He was already worried about what they must have heard the night before. Sherlock had been kind of... vocal.
John was already pushing up against him again. Sherlock's back arched. His head fell further back. His eyes slammed shut and his mouth fell open. He groaned loudly as he came harder than he had ever thought possible. His body was arched and completely taut before the tension snapped and he dropped forward against John, limp as a rag doll. John's strong arms still held him up.
He let Sherlock's hair loose, turned around, and leaned back against the window. It felt cold on his back. He looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock took John's face in both of his hands, looking into John's eyes heatedly. He surged forward and claimed John's mouth in a scorching kiss. John fisted his hands in Sherlock's shirt, pulling him even closer. Sherlock pressed all the way in, pinning John to the window with his body. John groaned against Sherlock's mouth and began working at his buttons.
Setting note:  Loose park is the third-largest park in Kansas City. It is renowned for its rose garden. Christo and Jeanne-Claude's project, "Wrapped Walk Ways," planned in 1977-1978, was installed in Loose Park in October 1978.
At last, the ship was docked. Sherlock and John disembarked on wobbly legs. The sun was low in the sky. Their plan was to spend the night in an inn and buy a horse and a small wagon in the morning.
When the song ended, John opened his eyes. Sherlock was looking at him. John spoke first. "That was remarkable. Thank you for letting me listen to it."
The old woman running the shop didn't speak any English, but John was able to point out what he wanted and negotiate a price nevertheless. He picked up the heavy box of salted pork and walked toward the door. Before he reached the door, it burst open and Sherlock came through as fast as he could on the crutches. He pushed right past John.
John gestured down the stairway a bit awkwardly. "There's not much in there right now, as we're just coming out of winter. It's not exactly fit for royalty, but if you need to get out of sight it'll do."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed further. "You planning to stop wearing that old watch?" he asked hesitantly.
change." He took a steadying breath and looked at John again. "I have spent my life believing myself to be asexual. When I met you, I didn't understand what I was feeling. What I was... needing." John lifted his hands to Sherlock's forearms and gripped them gently. "I have had to... re-evaluate my identity. I now believe a more accurate classification for me is demisexual."
John and Sherlock stayed at the cafe while the other customers came and went. As it grew later in the evening, the cafe began to empty again. Sherlock paid the bill as he'd offered to, but John insisted he allow him to leave the tip. John gave the waiter an enormous tip as an apology for commandeering the table for the entire evening.
“You’d also quite like to bend me over the nearest flat surface and fuck me until I scream myself hoarse,” he continued. He ignored John’s gasp. “Although the stated motivations behind those two scenarios are somewhat contradictory.” He lowered his arms slowly and tilted his head, the dark waves of his hair falling over the fair skin of his shoulder. He gave a faux-innocent flutter of his eyelashes. “Which is it, John, shut me up or make me scream your name until my voice fails?”
Sherlock had looked like he was settling in for a lengthy observation of Loose Park's bees when John had jogged past him. John smiled, remembering how beautiful Sherlock had looked in the early morning sunlight, a little furrow of concentration between his eyebrows.
“Second, we are the only bonded pair. I’m extraordinarily young for an incubus, so I need a human at least once a fortnight. We keep each other busy the rest of the time.”
as he caressed Sherlock’s upper body, unable to resist rocking his hips subtly against that lovely cock.
Sherlock swayed, yielding readily to John. John used his grip on Sherlock to crowd him backward until he hit the wall of the entryway with a deep groan. Sherlock sagged against the wall as his knees began to buckle. John pushed his body firmly against Sherlock's. Sherlock shuddered. He whimpered against John's mouth.
John began to move lower, sliding his body over Sherlock's. He kissed his way down Sherlock's neck and collarbone and sighed against his skin. "My God, Sherlock. Do you have
John smiled back. "Let's just relax, then. Come sit down." He led Clara to a chair and sat on the couch near her.
John saw the pile of gold on the table and sighed in frustration. "How many times do I have to tell you? I don't want your gold." He scooped it up in both of his hands. "Dear God, I've never seen so much gold. How did you think you'd get by on your own after giving me all of it?"
Sherlock waited for John to open his eyes again. Then he grabbed John's hips. John gasped. Sherlock looked into his eyes and leaned forward, smiling wolfishly when he saw John's eyes widen. "
Mike's expression sobered. "Don't forget what I said this morning. I won't sell your house to anyone until autumn at the earliest. If you need to come back -"
They didn't talk much at dinner. John picked at his food. Sherlock didn't take a single bite. He sat with his arms crossed and looked out the window.
"Good." He let go of Sherlock's shirt. He didn't drive away until Sherlock had disappeared into the building.
"Dear God, yes. Nothing but banquets and manners and diplomacy." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Unimaginably repetitive."
John stepped back. Sherlock moved to the edge of the bed and put his feet on the floor. He reached out and took John's hand in both of his. "John, I want you to know that everything I have is yours. The flat. The record collection. The books.
Suddenly, John couldn't tolerate the remaining clothing between them for a moment longer. He pushed back and drew his legs up so he could kneel. Sherlock's long legs were still wrapped around him, but his arms fell away as John drew back. Sherlock whimpered at the loss of contact. There was concern in his eyes. John moved his hands to Sherlock's hips and hooked his fingers into the waistband of Sherlock's underwear. "Off. I want these off. Now."
John slowly rose up and stumbled toward him. Sherlock sat back down and helped John prop himself up next to Sherlock. John looked quite grey.
As he reached John’s abdomen, Sherlock pushed his knees back and angled his body down. As Sherlock’s hips rose upward, John lifted his head and let his eyes drift along Sherlock’s back from his strong shoulders to the backs of his powerful wings, now folded. Just at the base of Sherlock’s tail, John caught sight of the most spectacular arse he’d ever laid eyes on. He’d seen a number of rather fine arses in his day, and his own had inspired its share of compliments, but Sherlock’s was otherworldly.
John smiled even more brightly and pulled Mike into a tight hug. "You're amazing, Mike. I can't tell you how grateful I am for your help." His voice started to break. "I'll never forget it."
Sherlock pushed his chest forward as his nipple pebbled beautifully against John's tongue. He then pulled John's face upward with both hands and claimed John's mouth in a searing kiss, arching his body away from the wall and thrusting it against John's.
John knocked loudly on Sherlock's door. He was at his wits' end, having tried several times throughout the day to call Sherlock only to get a busy signal.
Sherlock didn’t need to be told twice. He hustled Greg off the barstool, propping him up when his knees gave out.
"It's not exactly the kind of thing a young man buys for himself. So someone gave it to you - or left it to you. You had it over the fireplace, at the focal point of the room. It had to have belonged to someone important to you. Probably someone who has died. The most likely candidate: your mother. Mike kept it for you while you were at war."
They pulled at each other's clothes, giggling as they nearly knocked each other down in their haste. When they had cast their clothes aside, they tumbled into John's bed together.
Sherlock's expression had softened slightly. "I'll leave a ticket for you at will call. Saturday night?"
Sherlock let John pull him up onto the couch and collapsed next to him. "Oh my God, John," he said, still panting.
As Sherlock pulled out of the underground parking garage, he accelerated dramatically. John grabbed onto the Mustang's door and let out a surprised noise. He giggled. "You drive like a bat out of hell!"
John came around the door. His cloak was draped over his arm. He must have gotten hot with the exertion of cutting the firewood. His fawn-coloured hair was damp with perspiration at his temples. Sherlock felt a rush of heat through his body at the sight of him.
"Oh, y-you didn't need to do that on my account," John stammered. His brain had short-circuited a little on that last sentence of Sherlock's. "I'm fine. My shoulder is already feeling better."
He got up and tended to the fire, making sure it wouldn't go out overnight. "I should probably get some sleep. I'll be out hunting before dawn."
Sherlock nodded slightly in response. John released Sherlock's hair and slid down onto his knees, still looking intently into Sherlock's eyes.
All at once, Sherlock took the arm he’d been using to touch himself and threw it across John’s hips. He was doing something new with his tongue, and oh,
John giggled. Then his hand tightened in Sherlock's hair and heat came into his eyes. "Oh, Sherlock. I've barely
John watched Sherlock’s expression grow more and more aroused as he took John’s pleasure. His hips began to roll, in time with his other movements. He clutched harder and harder at John’s leg. Just when John thought his claws would surely break the skin, filed down or not, he raked his hand down John’s thigh and shoved it between his own legs.
Sherlock stepped closer to John, looking intently into his eyes. John took a sharp breath and instinctively stood up straighter, pushing his shoulders back slightly.
John watched the cars passing by the window. His heart leaped when he saw the black Mustang flash by. He turned his attention to the restaurant's doorway until Sherlock appeared. Sherlock's face lit up when he spotted John. He crossed the restaurant quickly and sat opposite him. The sunlight coming through the window caught in Sherlock's eyes, making them glow a warm jade green. As he leaned down to set his violin next to his chair, his white shirt stretched tightly across his chest. He'd already cast off his suit jacket and tie and unbuttoned his collar. They'd only been apart for a matter of hours, but John was nearly overwhelmed with the need to pull Sherlock into his arms and kiss him senseless. Sherlock looked knowingly into John's eyes, one corner of his mouth turning upward.
John walked into the dining room. There were five plates on the table. "Who's coming over?" he called out. "I thought it was just me and Harry."
He opened his eyes when he heard John pulling the potatoes out of the fire. When John saw Sherlock looking at him, he smiled. "Ah. You're awake. Are you hungry?"
Sherlock had already changed his clothes. Mike had brought a cloak and boots as well. Greg's clothes were worn and a bit baggy on Sherlock's lean frame, but they would do.
“Excellent,” he said as he studied John intently. “Your self image is not exaggerated.” He took hold of John’s cock, giving it a solid stroke down and back up the entire length.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders without uncrossing his arms. He didn't look at John. "Why do you care what they say?"
"Why don't you sit down, John," Sherlock said quietly. "I'll put the record on." He walked over to an impressive stereo system built into the shelving on the walls.
John’s entire body reacted to him immediately and profoundly. All remaining fear and hesitation disappeared. His arms and legs moved of their own accord, opening to accept the deliciously substantial weight of the demon’s body. The incubus may have been as perfect as if he was carved from marble, but he was as warm and pliable as any man.
"Good." John took Sherlock's left hand and gently pushed the ring onto his finger. Sherlock held his hand out to look at it with a slightly dazed expression. Then a spark of mischief flitted across his face. He slid off the bench and onto his knees.
John put his other hand up and toyed briefly with Sherlock's loose bow tie before taking hold of Sherlock's other lapel. He pulled slightly at Sherlock's jacket as he rose up onto his toes and pressed his mouth against Sherlock's.
John's hands were stroking Sherlock's head and tangling in his hair. "Slow down, Sweetheart. Give yourself a chance to learn, yeah?"
He turned his head to check on Sherlock. Sherlock was still seated, and hadn't been sick. Yet. John looked around and saw that many of the other passengers were just as sick as he. As he watched, a man ran to the rail to join the others.
John pushed Sherlock's nightshirt up and his underclothes down, freeing his cock. Sherlock whimpered, his head tipping back.
As he dropped enough notes on the bar to cover Greg’s bill and a generous tip, he decided to finally take a look at Sherlock’s other victim.
John faced forward again and held still as Sherlock sat up behind him. He watched Sherlock's legs come down off the bed, one on either side of John. John's heart was already pounding inside his chest. He gasped as Sherlock pressed his body against John's back.
Sherlock was completely nude except for John's dog tags by the time John had his shirt off. When John stood up to take his trousers off, Sherlock threw the bedcovers back. He crawled onto their bed. "John, come
"Sherlock." John was kneeling over him, his hand on Sherlock's arm. Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows. The sun was coming up. "You can come to the house now. Mike is making breakfast. It's safe; no one else is here."
Later that same week, John stopped cold as he reached the door of his favourite takeaway spot. He didn’t dare move as he studied the man’s reflection in the glass. He loomed a matter of inches behind John’s shoulder. His close proximity highlighted how tall he was, six feet at a minimum. His bright eyes were locked on John’s in the reflection, sparking with mischief. John was caught suspended in the moment, pinned in place by the heat in the man’s remarkable eyes.
Sherlock yielded. "I'm sorry, John. Take my car. The keys are by the phone. Call me if you need anything, all right?"
Sherlock's right hand dragged up John's body and lifted. John arched his back, trying to get Sherlock's hand on his body again. Then he realized Sherlock had taken the hand to his own mouth to lick at it. John sobbed against his own hand again.
John was in freefall. He was coming harder than he had ever come in his life. His entire body thrashed uncontrollably against Sherlock’s grip before tensing up, locked in ecstasy.
John pushed Sherlock's wet hand down as he positioned his hips to line his aching cock up against Sherlock's. He wrapped Sherlock's hand around both of them. He tipped his head back and moaned as he felt Sherlock's hand close around them. "Oh, Sherlock, my darling."
Sherlock sighed heavily. He put his boot into the top of his pack and pushed it forward. John pulled it closer to himself. He put his arrow in his quiver. Then he picked up the gold coins Sherlock had tossed to the ground and tucked them into Sherlock's pack. He put the pack on his back, then shouldered his bow. He reached his hand out to Sherlock again. "Up you get."
The house lights came up a little, and some late audience members filtered in. When the house went dark again, Lestrade stepped back onto the stage. The audience applauded briefly, and he bowed before stepping back onto his podium. John's heart was already beating faster in anticipation of Sherlock's solos in Scheherazade.
Sherlock looked down at John. John's eyes burned into his. Sherlock whined at the sight of John on his knees in front of him.
They ate breakfast where they were. Afterward, John asked Sherlock for enough gold to book a crossing to the continent. He helped Sherlock stand up. They walked toward the shore. Sherlock kept his hood up.
John knocked. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He fussed with the collar of his suit jacket. Sherlock opened the door.
He wrapped his hands around John’s wrists, and John hissed in pain. Although the ropes were of good quality and the bonds had been expertly tied, John’s repeated yanking against them had taken a toll.
." He whispered. "And... it hurts when you have to just call me Sherlock. It'll be even worse when you have to call me Henry."
Sighing, he decided to just go about this in the best way he knew how. "John, I propose we get married!" he announced grandly.
"Pervert," Sherlock reprimands, though he arches an eyebrow at John playfully, so John knows he doesn't mind too much. After a few more minutes, he has all of the supplies gathered and the cake goes into the oven, followed by the pie into the refrigerator. Then he pulls out the chair next to John and sits down after moving his latest experiment off his chair.
“So you’d deny him a chance at true happiness? Really Mycroft, if he is your soulmate, and honestly, what are the chances in that, then what is the worst that could happen?”
Physical therapy is somewhat entertaining, because Sherlock has apparently decided in his boredom that he must be smarter than the therapists, and sets about bossing John with his own exercises, which he came up with after an experiment. His favorite arm exercise for John is one where John must carry him all around the flat, which consequently isn’t even on the exercise list John was given by the therapists. However, Sherlock argues valiantly that he will not be dropped by his Alpha ever again, so John carries him around until his arms give out and he and Sherlock both collapse on the couch in giggles. John has never had this much fun with therapy in all his life.
Sherlock lifts his head for the first time in a while. "Don't be ridiculous. Moriarty has been watching us for a while, his minions told us that. If he didn't get to us through your case he would've found a different way."
In the morning, John sees their stealing in a whole new light. Standing around the fire Jim built, John says, "Okay guys, rules for stealing. We obviously need to do this in order to survive, I understand that now. But we have to temper it. Only steal what we need, nothing else. If it's not essential to our survival, we beg for money and buy it."
Sherlock takes the bottle from John and spins it. "It's a dose and a half of a heat suppressant here," he informs John.
John has evidently heard it too, because he stops brushing his hands across Sherlock's ribs, freezing like a deer caught in the headlights. "If it's that woman again-" John mumbles, fire in his eyes as he untangles himself from his mate.
Sherlock’s face takes on the reminiscent smile he seems to frequently get when talking about Mycroft. “He’s part of the government, you know. He’d have you believe he’s a lowly paper-pusher, but in reality, he pretty much is the British Government. When I was in London at my boarding school, Mycroft would consistently observe me using CCTV. It was rather annoying, so I call him my arch-enemy sometimes. Were you ever in a relationship before me?”
Mycroft and Anthea take their leave, and Sherlock happily explores his new flat. The place is large and spacious for a flat, and gloriously central to all the going-ons in London. Mycroft had really outdone himself. Except, of course, for the placement of Sherlock’s things. Mycroft had clearly tried to replicate his brother’s methods of storage, but he failed. Try as they might, the brothers never could agree on organization in a living environment, and it was truly bothering Sherlock’s Omega sensibilities that his nest wasn’t exactly how he wanted it. He thrived on the chaos of a messy-looking nest where it appeared unorganized but everything had its place, Mycroft preferred a clinical OCD appearance. Sherlock quickly unloaded boxes and began moving things around until his flat looked as messy as he liked, and then he relaxed. Everything was okay now.
"Are you alright?" Lestrade demands. "Are you sick? You should be at home if you're sick. I don't mean to be rude, John, but you shouldn't let him have crime scenes when he's sick. And maybe you didn't catch it, but honestly, you should go home. Or are you high again? I swear, if you're high-"
John's army mates are surprisingly accepting of a young sociopath. They teach him poker and chat with him about his work at the Yard (Sebastian had asked what he did, and the answer led to countless jokes). Best of all, no one questions the fact that he leaves every hour for a few minutes to check on John. The agitating Omega side of him demands to lay eyes on his Alpha frequently, and ignoring it makes Sherlock anxious. So every hour he slips away, stares through the window at John, then sneaks back to his new friends.
As they approach, the door is flung open and the tall auburn man who had accompanied Sherlock earlier in the week came flying out. "Sherlock! Running off again, no note, I presumed the worst!"
When they arrive at Heathrow airport, they find the American waiting for them. He is clearly battered and in pain, and John glances at Sherlock with a smile. His mate can clearly defend himself.
"Your favorite. Lestrade just stopped by to drop it off. He said he was up late last night and he made it so he wanted to drop some off."
I wait outside the room awkwardly for a moment, deliberating. Fact of the matter is, Mycroft has a legitimate reason to be upset. I was kissing his soulmate. He might even be angry. Well, if he hits me I'll just have to square up and take it like an Alpha. With this in mind, I knock on the door.
She left, and Mycroft picked up his phone. "Anthea? I'm going to need all the information about the Fifth Northberland Fusiliers you have. I need to find a soldier named John."
"I think so, yes," Molly answers finally. "There HAS to be someone out there who can love me, besides you guys."
"Oh, good job Mycroft, you actually caught one of the little thieves. I had assumed it would be the girl, but nevertheless I'm impressed."
"I couldn't," John responds honestly. "I need to know that they're safe, and me being dead wouldn't allow me to be peaceful as I die."
Dimmock laughs to himself. Mycroft is as dramatic as his brother. Plus he's tall, ginger, freckled, and exceptionally well-dressed. Not Dimmock's type, but he knows a certain recently-divorced man who would get on good with the elder Holmes. It was almost enough to make him wish Holmes would cross him again, just so he'd have a chance to play matchmaker.
In the end, it takes John literally wrestling Sherlock -very gently- into their bathroom with orders in the 'Captain voice' to get ready to finally pull Sherlock away from his experiments. He comes out dressed in that tight purple shirt with black trousers that are equally as tight, an outfit that John loves for reasons that he'd never admit to anyone. He's just toweling off his tousled curls when Mrs. Hudson enters the room, handing a plate of cookies to John to place on the table. Then she kisses them both and carries on like she hadn't just seen them a few hours ago.
John scrambles down the stairs after his missing mate for the second time in one night. Once again, he feels the beginnings of pain, but ignores them because his mate is in trouble. He can feel Sherlock through the bond, so he knows he isn’t dead, but he is certain his mate is with a man who killed four people already for fun, and John doesn’t relish the idea of his soulmate becoming number five.
"Sherlock, you need to stop," John reprimands. Sherlock doesn't follow directions, so John utilizes his last bit of self-control and shoves Sherlock away from him. It is more difficult now than ever before, because John's Alpha side is lurking close to the surface, ready to sink his teeth into Sherlock's neck, and be bitten in turn, binding them forever.
"Oh babe, I'm sorry," John answers, dropping the groceries and gathering Sherlock into his arms. He lifts them to the couch and pulls Sherlock into his lap. Blessedly, the man still "fits" the same as he always does; much too gangly to be called a comfortable fit, but John cradles him close anyway, loving the feeling of having his mate securely in his arms. He's going to miss this when the twins grow a bit larger, though it's a rare occurrence to begin with.
“Are you alright now that you know about your wife?” Sherlock asks, settling into his chair to make it clear he’s not leaving yet.
“The Freak took off and left you here, did he?” The woman from before is back, and John can’t say he’s glad to see her. He snarls a bit to make his displeasure known at the way she insults his mate. “He gets off on it, you know. The crime scene, the bodies. One day it won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.”
Downstairs, John is caring for Mrs. Hudson's scrape as an extremely loud clatter is heard. John and Mrs. Hudson both turn to stare in surprise. "That was right on my bins!" Mrs. Hudson exclaims.
To say John Watson was having a bad day would be an understatement. His father had come home drunk yet again, and his older sister Harry had decided to provoke him. This had pissed his father off so much, the young alpha that challenged him, that he came to take out his frustration on his omega son.
We head outside. I slide John's jacket on, though it's three sizes too small, in hopes of warming it for when we find him. "John? John if you can hear me, answer me!" I throw all of my Alpha strength behind the command. If John is anywhere in the vicinity he will be compelled by his Omega biology to answer me. He doesn't.
John nearly jumps out of his skin when the roof access door is slammed open. A Detective Inspector with graying hair runs out onto the roof.
My mother bursts into tears and throws herself at Mycroft, who shoots us all a panicked look and awkwardly pats her back. "Gregory, could you show Mrs. Watson upstairs? I really must be going to bed."
Sherlock smirks. "And get into the car and drive away. Don't try to trick me, you know who I am, it doesn't work."
The two approach, Mycroft grabbing his brother to look him over for himself. Dimmock calls his team in to deal with the two bodies, then hustles the couple and Mycroft out of the tunnels.
The bangs are repeated a few more times, and then silence abruptly as sirens fill the air. Lestrade is the first one out of the car, and he moves quickly to where Sherlock is standing proudly by a significantly-battered body. The body is loaded into an ambulance and rushed to Bart's. In the midst of this, something odd occurs to Lestrade, and he turns to Sherlock. "And exactly how many times did he fall out of the window?"
"This isn't working. Mike, get into the sleeping bag with Molly. Hopefully the body heat will help keep us warm," Jim orders. John hears the unzipping of his own bag, and suddenly Jim's body is pressed against his own.
John reaches over and pulls his Omega into his arms. Sherlock grunts as John lifts him off the bed and carries him downstairs to the kitchen, though surprisingly he doesn't complain.
John turns off the alarms, lowers the bed, and crawls in, tenderly undressing his Omega. The first thing he notices, besides the overwhelming skinniness, is the round cigarette burns in odd patterns on his torso. John growls. Abuse, clearly, probably from Mycroft. Once Sherlock is bonded, John will make sure his brother has to stay away. His Omega will not be hurt again.
"Well, this is a nice turnabout, isn't it?" John reads monotonously. He makes sure the device is where Sherlock can see it, and tries not to feel offended at the look of utter relief that crosses his mate's face. "I've stopped other's hearts, I can stop John Watson's next. What should I make him say next? Gottle o'geer, gottle o'geer..."
"It's alright. I'll be right here. Here, you can hold my hand if you want," he offers, and Sherlock, the bossy Omega that was so strong, grasps his hand like its his only lifeline. "Okay, talk to me."
Mycroft grimaces unconsciously at the thought. “See?” Anthea questions viciously as soon as she catches sight of it, “That’s exactly what I’m talking about. Explain yourself, Mycroft.”
Jim's mouth curls into a sneer. "Health class. Now if you'll excuse me-" he opens the door and tries to close it in my face, but I wedge my foot in the door.
"Thank you." There is a moment in which neither man says anything, then Lestrade says, "That was really all I was calling for. Have a lovely night, Mycroft."
Sherlock's pupils dilated, and he lurched forward to snog John. John tried to push Sherlock away, but the consulting detective wouldn't budge. Moriarty chuckled.
Dr. Angelo and Sherlock cleanse John as I watch. Angelo's fingers move professionally over John's body. "One of his ribs is clearly out of place, but it's healed wrong. I have to re-break it so it heals properly. Sherlock, go stand by John's head. Be sure he stays unconscious. Mycroft, come here. I'm going to need help to break the rib." I move obediently next to Dr. Angelo. He shows me what to do, and we work together to break John's rib. The crack is loud in the silent room, and I gasp sympathetically. Angelo manipulates John's rib and wraps bandages around his trunk. "This won't do anything for him, medically speaking," Angelo tells us. "I'm doing it so he knows to expect pain there as he wakes up."
“Hey, it still says that the phone is in our flat.” In the split second it takes John to glance at the screen, his mate has vanished into thin air. “Where’d he go?” he questions Lestrade, who shrugs.
"You've never met said Alpha, are you certain it's wise to get attached so quickly? Remember Redbeard. Caring is not an advantage."
She promptly swats him on the arm. "No need for that ma'am stuff, young man, you'll make me feel old. Sherlock, can you go find Mikey,  please? He holed up in his room and won't come out. John, you take those boxes from Sherlock, and you and Lestrade come carry these boxes out to Mikey's patio. He wanted us to eat out there since it's so warm out lately."
About two months after their first robbery, John and his pack had broken into approximately ten houses of well-to-do Alphas. Jim had acquired the fourth Bluetooth earpiece, which enabled them to safely communicate with each other in different rooms of the house, which was really useful on the off chance that the family would return home before they were expected.
He was looking over a body for Lestrade when he noticed the deceased woman had a ring on her finger. Married happily, surprisingly. Very much in love with her husband. He pulls the ring off her finger.
Sherlock is dragged along by the Alpha, which really bothers him. He's out of sight of his mate, which his Omega side knows is his protector. Of course, after shooting a bunch of men dead in Afghanistan Sherlock knows he doesn't really need a protector, but it's nice to have his mate nearby all the same, it feels safer. He frowns and considers the benefits and risks of yanking his arm from Sally's grasp. If there's anyone who he might think would actually hurt him, it would be either Donovan or Anderson, and yanking his wrist free would probably just upset her more.
"John, my brother experiments with brains. He couldn't care about people, and he's often rude and inconsiderate. How many people do you think he's kissed?"
“Sherlock, ice isn’t going to-“ Sherlock lights the candle, and John suddenly realizes what he’s going to do. “Don’t you dare!” he protests as Sherlock climbs atop his hips.
His gaze fell on the sheet of paper next to him, one that had not been there when he had entered his Mind Palace three hours ago. Written by John, obviously. Scrawled quickly, by the way the letters are written.
Mycroft rushes into the room mere seconds after Lestrade's car pulls away. His eyes immediately lock onto his brother's, and then fall to the growling wolf in front of him. "Hello, John," he greets evenly.
The cabbie drops them off outside of a gate. Sherlock’s eyes are lit with an unholy fire as he says, “C’mon, John, let’s go. Wait until the cab driver leaves, then we’ll climb the fence.”
"Dull." The answer tells John the answer to his question. No, Sherlock doesn't have friends. "I'm going to sleep," his mate announces, and without preamble he falls asleep.
At lunchtime, Sherlock requests (demands imperiously) a slice of pizza and biscuits. They aren't having that in the hospital, but once Sherlock promises John he will actually eat if it is brought, he goes to the cafeteria to get the food.
"You don't have to mourn him, either," Sally tells him, her tone uncharacteristically gentle. "When you hugged Lestrade, when you threatened to jump off the roof of the hospital, he told me there were things that I didn't understand, but that you would be alright. Was this what he meant? He knew you'd been abused?"
Mycroft's eyes dart down and back up his brother's body, rapidly deducing. He doesn't like what he sees, and his lips start compressing into tiny white lines. Then his eyes catch the bruises.
The door to the lab swings open, and Molly bustles in. "Oh, sorry!" It's too late, the damage is already done. Sherlock moves away from John, offering him a half-hearted smile before he moves back over to the microscope and stares through it. Whatever moment they had had has been lost, and it takes all of John's willpower not to snarl at Molly for it.
Sherlock drifts in and out for the remainder of the time, not due to shock anymore, but from pure exhaustion. He answers Lestrade's questions to the best of his ability, and then they are finally sent home.
The third time Sherlock proposed, he was high. He and John had been chasing Moriarty, and Sherlock had managed to get close enough to tackle the consulting criminal to the ground.
“I’m not going into shock! Look, the killer must have been a crack shot. The bullet when pulled from the body and run by ballistics was shot from a military-grade weapon, I can guarantee it. Your sniper must be used to killing people, his hands didn’t shake at all. So, an experienced killer, who’s used to protecting others, hands didn’t shake-“ Lestrade is so busy furiously scrawling Sherlock’s deductions that he misses the pause. He glances up to see if Sherlock has succumbed to shock after all when he realizes Sherlock is staring at John. “Never mind. I was wrong.”
"He excreted feces all over the bed," Sherlock says, "and that's not good no matter how you word it."
As I enter the parlor, I notice Mycroft is sitting with Sherlock on the loveseat. Both look vastly uncomfortable. Jim and Molly are sitting on the couch with a space in the middle, clearly meant for me. Greg is on the left arm of the couch nearest Molly, with Mike on the opposite side nearest Jim. There are two empty chairs, and my automatic thought is 'This won't work.'
My brain stutters to a stop, and while it's offline I ask, "Does Mycroft know you have someone over?"
Mumbling something vague to Sherlock and John as a means of excusing himself, he climbs into his car. Once in there, he breathes a sigh of relief, and texts Anthea to tell her they are leaving, and to upgrade the security on both Sherlock and John. After all, with John in his life, Sherlock is apt to get into even more danger, not less, considering John’s Army background.
"Sure, John," Sherlock said, with a glance at the cab driver, and that's all that was said about that topic.
John can hear Sherlock on the other side of the door. From the whimpers and scratching he hears the heat is getting worse. "John? Help, please help. It hurts." John's Alpha reminds him that a knot will undoubtedly help the boy feel better, but John is not a rapist, and has helped several other Omegas through heats just like this, this one will NOT be the one to break him, irregardless of how good he smells. He wants this Omega badly, but not enough to risk his career for one bite. Once there is not a consent issue, he will bite the boy then.
The whole story is flowing out of Sherlock in a rush, and by the end of it, Mycroft is glad his brother threw the agent out of the window, because he is tempted to do it, too. "I told them to be careful because you were pregnant! Stupid Americans never want to listen! They will be recalled immediately," he vows, furious. "I will speak with the Director and threaten to withhold all possibilities of freelance work within the CIA if he doesn't pull them off the Irene Adler case instantly. And he will, because he will not want to lose me." He paces outside, and they can hear him for a moment berating someone on his phone, and then the door falls shut and his voice is muffled once more.
The blonde brown wolf inches forward and stretches out his nose. Behind him, Sherlock gasps. "Mycroft, be careful!"
"He already has," I say firmly. "We're going to be bonded, tonight. Because he loves me and I love him."
“Don’t worry, dear,” Mrs. Hudson tells John, patting him on his uninjured shoulder. “We’ve got all types around here.”
"The same way I know the victim was an excellent sportsman, recently returned from foreign travel, and that the photographs I'm looking for are in this same room."
The cabbie dropped them off in front of a discreet building. John stared up at it, but Sherlock charged in, leaving John to sigh and hurry after him.
Lestrade glanced up from his paperwork. "I don't have a-" he began, then shot Sherlock an incredulous look as the man's words registered. "You need WHAT?"
"Nothing's wrong, Mr. Holmes," the doctor reassures him. "The arms and legs of the fetus is right here. And over here we have the arms and legs of the second fetus."
"What? Running away?" At John's feverish nod, he shrugs. "Yeah, of course. I've done it before, not that hard." It's a well-known, little-mentioned fact between the four that Jim is a foster kid whose been in more homes than he has years to his life. If anyone understands omega abuse, it's Jim.
“Yeah, the body, the corpse, whatever term you prefer really.” A spike of adrenaline wakes John up quickly. Body, corpse, no, no, no, no, Sherlock can’t be dead! He searches through their bond desperately, though he can’t find anything. No! Sherlock can’t be- he shoves past the woman on the stairs, charging up to find his mate, or whatever is left of him. He throws the door open and his entire brain cycles to a stop. Sherlock, his mate, his glorious living breathing beautifully breathtaking living mate, is on the ground next to- a dead body. Sherlock wasn’t the dead body though, and that is truly the only important thing to John as his world rights itself once more.
By the time they are done, John has been gifted several medical textbooks he had wanted, a new wallet, a few DVDs, some jumpers, and a date night from Sherlock. Sherlock also had a few medical textbooks, though John expressly forbid him from doing anything to any body part without first consulting him, Molly, or the OB doctor, a gift card to Angelo's, a microscope, and assorted lab equipment that he had been stealing from Bart's on a regular basis. Mycroft had gotten his watch, some candy, some nice stationary, a few new ties, new cufflinks, and a gift that he opened quickly and then promptly hid. He mumbled "thank you" to Sherlock, but he wouldn't say what it was.
It's testament to how tired Mycroft is that he doesn't immediately correct what she says. Instead, his brow furrows and he looks confused. "Where will you go?"
She stops after a moment, shoving him bodily into her own office. "What?" he demands, not wanting her to see how upset he is.
Instantly he is bombarded with sounds-those his wife makes when she is with a man. He would know, he thought he was the only one to ever hear those sounds. He stands there in shock, unable to move, and a distant part of his brain chides him for not listening to Sherlock. The boy probably deduced that his wife was cheating on him and was trying to warn him in the best way possible.
"I know," answers Sherlock. He leads me gently into the dining room and helps me sit, thankfully not picking me up completely. As he does, Jim, Mike, and Molly stumble into the room, wiping sleep from their eyes.
He pulls Sherlock to him and kisses him soundly, completely ignoring the twin sounds of gagging from Anderson and Donovan.
Tenderly, John lays his mate on the bed, staring down at him with love. Once Sherlock lets out a needy little whine, John climbs onto the bed and begins divesting his mate of his jeans.
"Lovely idea," Mycroft agrees, settling into an overstuffed sofa. Sherlock bounds over to the tree, pulling out the gifts. "John, Sherlock, Mycroft, John, John, Mycroft, Sherlock, Mycroft," he begins muttering as he distributes the gifts. When he is done, John is shocked- they each have a verifiable mountain of gifts. "Mycroft first!" Sherlock says, "Here, do this one!" He hands his brother a slightly-haphazardly-wrapped present, grinning proudly. Mycroft opens it slowly.
Mycroft's jaw jumps, but he doesn't acknowledge the odd comment. "Yes, well, thank you for finding him," Mycroft says, finally addressing John and Sebastian. "We need to leave, come on Sherlock." And without another word, the mysterious enigmas that are Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes vanish into the house, leaving a very confused John and Sebastian on their doorstep.
“The signs are all there: his wife has begun an affair. She had the man over last night, and Lestrade came home and found out. I need to see him to deduce how he’s handling it. If he’s contemplating murder, it’s good form for me to talk him out of it, irregardless of how interesting a Detective Inspector could make a murder scene for me. I bet it would be difficult for me to solve.”
"John is my brother's Omega. If for only that reason I'd want to keep him happy. But seeing the scars on him- I just think he might want you guys around."
Back in 221B, John wakes up in an unfamiliar environment which he vaguely remembers might be his new flat. As he stumbles to the door, planning on a quick trip to the kitchen for food, another dose of morphine, and more sleeping, he finds the note Sherlock left. The fact that his Omega left is somewhat alarming, though John can’t blame him, if he had the chance he’d leave himself behind too. However, John wants to have his mate nearby-the Alpha in him whispers that since he is injured his mate may also get injured, and John will be unable to protect him-so he decides to haul himself down the stairs and loads into a taxi.
“You yourself are fine, you simply fainted from being over-stressed as you went into your heat. Your body began a sympathetic connection to John, and when he passed out, you passed out shortly thereafter. We gave you a bit of IV fluids, and you will be fine. We also gave you heat suppressants. It forced you out of this heat, and we suggest you continue taking them until John heals enough for you to have a three-day heat and properly bond him.”
As John was now sleeping, Sherlock and I waited quietly for Dr. Angelo. As we wait, Sherlock's hands smooth over John's hair in a manner meant to calm him. John gives a little sigh of contentment.
I have just enough time to feel a pang of regret for upsetting him more before he answers, "Love you too, John."
"Lestrade, there's an Omega on top of St. Bart's Hospital, upset and threatening to jump," Sally reports.
"Oh, you're rather good." Sherlock cannot help but be the tiniest bit impressed by this woman, despite everything. Begrudgingly he offers her the real phone, their fingers brushing the tiniest bit as she takes it from him.
He shakes his head, inhaling deep breaths and wondering why the whole flat smells like an Omega in heat. "Sherlock, what have you done?"
“Yeah, I think so. You don’t look so good, John. Let me help you downstairs.” Lestrade gently guides him down the stairs as John swallows his pride.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Great, now I need to go get him a better present," he gripes."I'm glad I got you to move all the stuff out of the other bedroom the other day, because we don't have to do it now. What kind of colors do you want?"
"Your ribs are broken and so is your tibia and fibula. You broke your leg by leaping out a window. While you were unconscious, a doctor assessed you and found you had a broken rib which they had to break again so it could heal properly," my Alpha tells me.
Sherlock’s eyes dart around for a moment. The other officers have gotten closer, which is what inspires him to respond, “You just can’t. Trust me.”
The clock chiming in the hall gets everyone's attention. "Oh, its too late for you boys to go back tonight," Mrs. Holmes says. "Stay here tonight. You can have your old rooms, boys." She takes their plates-in spite of John's argument that he can wash the dishes- and turns to leave. "Mummy, aren't you forgetting something? Where will John sleep?"
At Mycroft's nod, he strides out of the room. The supply closet hasn't changed location or code, so John easily enters the room. He grabs a few pillowcases, some bandages, soap and other cleaning supplies for Sherlock's bond bite, and then he takes a deep breath and grabs the things he'll need to bond Sherlock. He leaves and runs to the clean linens room, breaking in quickly to grab a heated blanket. Then he returns to the, no, to his Omega.
"If I had to pick an alpha, that would be the only one I'd want. I think I could tolerate an alpha like him." John rolls his eyes. "What? You don't like him?"
John stays quiet until they've been in the air for five minutes. He's sitting across from Sherlock but Sherlock is studiously ignoring him, instead reaching into his carry-on to pull out a laptop.
"Unfortunately that makes sense. I'd wager that those bruises and scars came from a Family Alpha. Sherlock, I'm sure you already know this, but you must be very gentle with him. No experiments, no shooting the walls, no yelling. When you mess up, because you will, nobody's perfect, apologize as quickly as possible. This boy needs to be treated gently, almost coddled a bit. But don't force him to be close to you. You let him decide if he wants to be close to you-physically, emotionally, and mentally. Encourage behavior you want. Finally, reinforce that no matter what happens, he will be safe here."
“Thank you.” He exits the cab and roots around in his pockets hoping he has his wallet on him. Thankfully, he does, so he pays the man, along with a nice tip for being genuinely concerned about his well-being, and heads off to find his mate.
"Oh John, that's wonderful! I'll tell your father!" There is a pause, and then, "He says congratulations. We were planning to come see you some point next month, let's iron out the details soon, alright. We're just so happy for you!"
When we get into the driveway, I leap out almost the instant the car stops. Sherlock clambers out behind me while Greg and Mycroft exit the other door and hold it open for my mother, who takes Mycroft's hand and comments about true gentlemen. She pats Greg's cheek, reassures him he's found a good Alpha, and dutifully follows Mycroft inside.
"Let me see your foot, Mycroft," Angelo tells me, so I sit down and let him inspect me. John's poker didn't break my bone, but I do have a small hole in my foot which is treated. More papers are given about diet and signs of infection, and Dr. Angelo finally leaves with a whirl of his white coat.
"Dr. Sawyer, John left to get me pizza in the cafeteria, but I miss him. I need to go get him, right now."
She laughs. "Not that kind of business. John would be quite angry with me, I believe. Unless he wanted to join in, of course."
"Ah, Mr. Holmes, is it? Look, we didn't take anything, and we're not here to hurt you, so we'll just be leaving now. Come on, Molly."
"I'm sorry," I tell him, and I am. I'm sorry I kissed his mate, I'm sorry I almost ruined their relationship, I'm sorry I called him my father, I'm sorry I can't behave better, I'm sorry I broke his dishes.
Under the same Afghan moon, John Watson kept getting distracted thinking of the smell of Omega from earlier. The scent had been a mixture of vanilla and strawberries with just a faint hint of something antiseptic beneath, which made him smell even better.
Jim shoved him off, growling "Westwood!" Then he jabbed something sharp into Sherlock's arm. "Let's see how you like this," Jim sang cheerfully. "My little Virgin." Seeing John approach, he stood by to watch.
The first time Sherlock proposed, John had just come back from a date. He entered their flat, and rolled his eyes at the consulting detective sitting there.
"Oh yeah? I always thought that was a myth. Neat. Well, John, I can take your bag back to your house if you want. You can go see the boss immediately." He chuckles. "Have fun with that. I'm going to show the kid around. C'mon kid, we're burning daylight." He jogs off. Sherlock jogs off after him, looking amused.
"That's not very nice," complains Sherlock, and he floats off again. However, he comes back to himself a moment later when a quiet "thud thud thud" flows through the room. "Wassat?"
"Well ain't that touching." My spine stiffens in anger as my mother's entire body shudders. I turn to face my nightmares, keeping an arm on my mother. "Where you been, boy? Prostituting yourself? Got nicer clothes than when you left."
"Yes it did. Your father broke you, John, but you've picked up the pieces and mended yourself. You're not broken, John, and you are certainly none of those other words either, any more than I am the words bullies slung at me. They do not define me, and your father certainly doesn't define you."
Mycroft still stares at his screen. "My eyes are the same color as yours, Mummy. If you truly forget, I suggest you look in a mirror. Furthermore, my job doesn't wait on me, and this email must be sent within the next two minutes."
"It shouldn't! But it does, because you're my mate, and my biology demands I know how close I can get! I NEED to be able to provide for you, protect you, and overall care for you, but you keep refusing me!"
Sherlock breezes in a minute later. He goes over to the refrigerator and pulls something out. As he turns, I spy a brain on the tray. He sets that down,  pulls out a bunch of colored pins, and begins pushing them into the brain.
"Not within the past sixty seconds, no," Sherlock answers sassily. John bites him for that, nipping at the skin and leaving marks only he and Sherlock will see. "You can tell me again, though," Sherlock offers magnanimously.
Our conversation leaves me so disconcerted I mob Greg as soon as he comes home from work. After all, he's had a soulmate for a bit, maybe this is just the natural flow of things.
"John," begins the ginger-haired man, "it's alright. Sherlock's fine, thanks to you, brave Alpha. He's not in danger from me." He stretches out his fingers, though he makes no threatening moves toward the pacing wolf.  "Smell the Family Bond, John? Smell the Omega scent? I'm no threat to you or your mate."
Looking around the room, I'm having trouble figuring out what he's so proud of. The room is messy and looks like a tornado went through. Petri dishes with mold are thrown over a table haphazardly, and papers are littered throughout. He has beakers thrown in a sink, some on the floor, and two over by the window. There's a skull on the windowsill, and I can't tell if it's real or not. He has two large bookshelves filled with textbooks, and a chair settled off to the side.
Now I feel really terrible. Greg leaves to find Mycroft, and I slump on the floor. What have I done?
Meanwhile, across town, Mycroft Holmes is desperately trying to get information about his brother, with absolutely no success.
Sherlock hands me something, and I recognize it as a Bluetooth device. I put it into my ear, then say, "Hello?"
Mycroft's eyes blaze as he takes in his brother's scars. He drops the sledgehammer, creating a rather large dent in the floor, and walks away.
When they go to leave, Mycroft hugs first Sherlock, then John. "Thank you. If you hadn't been here, I don't know what I would have done," he tells John sincerely.
“Oh, stop all your fancy talk. It’s me, Mycroft. I know you’re hiding from him. You kidnapped all of Sherlock’s other friends, yet you expect me to believe that you just aren’t interested when it comes to the Detective Inspector? I may not be a genius like you, but I’m not completely stupid either, Mycroft.”
"John?" John shakes himself from his fog. His Alpha wolf is demanding a chance to challenge the Detective Inspector who dares to touch and comfort his Omega. It should be his job, but he's valiantly battling these urges because he understands his Omega needs someone other than him to make him feel safe.
'See this, Dad?' I think. 'Here's what I think of your ideas. I'm useless?' Rip. 'Mom's no good?' Tear. 'You wish we'd never been born?' Rip. 'I'm done with you.' I begin throwing my pieces of confetti into the fire. 'I have a soulmate now, Dad. And I have to believe he's everything you're not. Like Molly said, I have to hold out hope that someone can love me, and I hope that man's name is Sherlock Holmes.'
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but within the next moment he is at John's side eyeing the ingredients. "Which ones?"
He stumbles into his house, fumbles his way up the stairs, and collapses into his bed and immediately drifts off to sleep, before changing into bedclothes or even brushing his teeth.
Lestrade doesn't disappoint, exclaiming over each piece like he's a master chef being presented with a much more astonishing piece than cake and pie. Sherlock is preening like a peacock by the time he's done.
"My mom wants me to quit coming to school," Molly says softly. "She said she's sending me to a boarding school so I can find my soulmate and be a good omega. I'll come with you guys."
"Don't ever apologize for getting upset. If it was my brother, I'd be much worse. You're free to express yourself," John tells him.
Mycroft doesn't look at him, but passes him a file. John begins reading. It starts with a discussion on Perfect Matches, which John was taught about in his courses at St. Bart's Hospital. He reads for a review, then switches to the next pages. A medical file on William Holmes, though the picture is the boy John knows as Sherlock. Is Sherlock undercover and in danger?
They'd also found out that it was way too difficult for them to get supplies, especially in the winter when they needed warm clothes. It was Jim who led their forage into crime. He could disable security cameras in a matter of seconds, while John led their pack through the house to find what they needed.
Sally stands her ground. "Yes, I do. John, can you go grab something off the printer for me? It's in the room three doors down, you can't miss it. The code to access the printer is 23556. Then you just push the green button and the paper spits out." She grabs Sherlock's arm and hauls him out of the room before John can agree.
I realize a niggling instinct  is bugging me, informing me John is in danger. Probably emotional trauma, he is more susceptible to that than most people due to his history of abuse.
“I didn’t order a taxi! Oh look, we’ve got a location!” There’s a momentary pause as he checks the screen. “Stupid! It can’t be here, I’ll refresh! It isn’t here, I would know, stupid, stupid!” He yanks his hair viciously.
I digest that for a moment. "I think I might be gay. I fantasize about kissing Sherlock way too much to be straight."
Unfortunately, Sebastian has followed John's gaze. "Tha's  one g'd-sm'llin' Omega," comments Sebastian. John nods. "C'mon, les go tal' wif 'im." Before John can protest his friend is yanking him off his stool toward the Omega.
Guys, I am so sorry this chapter took so long. Nursing school is leaving me minimal time for anything else. :(
“Of course not,” she replies. “I was young and married once, I remember what it was like. Sounds like your John’s a screamer, though. My Frank always was, too. I used to think about whether or not to get a gag…” her voice trails off.
"He's sleeping right now," Sherlock replies. "Maybe in a bit, if he wakes up. Come, let's go outside."
John growls low in his throat. "Give him a few minutes, then we'll go after him. And don't believe everything you've been told. You're smart enough, challenge what you were taught. Look at your brother, you might just learn differently."
I take a few more deep breaths, release my friends' hands, lock and unlock my fingers, cross and uncross my legs, and realize I'm stalling. "Right, so. Um. I mean, you already know I was, um, hurt," I begin, looking at Sherlock. I take both hands again.  "It was my Father, by the way." Sherlock nods.
John and Sherlock pack a bag and head out for the day. Mycroft's black town car is at the curb for them, and they climb in curiously. When they stop a while later, they are in the country, and there is a horse-drawn sleigh waiting in the snow for them. It has a little partition for a driver, and the man smiles at them. "Mr. Holmes and Mr. Watson, your carriage awaits, sirs," he says, throwing out a hand to gesture to the sleigh. John offers his mate a hand as they climb in, and they snuggle together beneath blankets, both grinning brightly at each other. 'It's very romantic,' John thinks as Sherlock cuddles against him and twists so he can see the countryside. They sit in silence, neither feeling the need to talk, but enjoying each other's presence just the same. At one point, John brushes a kiss against Sherlock's curls, and Sherlock snuggles closer in response.
Sherlock's hand tightened in John's hair. He pulled John's head back. His breath was hot against the left side of John's neck as he trailed his tongue down it. John was panting, struggling to keep from crying out. Sherlock rolled his hips against John's arse and let out a soft, breathy moan against John's neck. He slid his hand out of John's hair and pushed it down his back, around his waist under his arm, and right down over John's underclothes to rub firmly against his already hard cock.
After I completed my interview with Watson, I finally convinced Holmes to sit still long enough to answer a few questions. Watson disappeared into the kitchen.
"Yes, over the next hill. I've got to follow them to be sure they don't come back." John rushed down the stairs and hugged Sherlock tightly. "I'm sorry, but you'll need to stay here until I'm sure they're gone."
Sherlock woke when John got up. It was still dark. When John saw Sherlock looking at him in the dim light, he knelt down and pushed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "How are you feeling, my darling?"
Sherlock Holmes was seated on a bench, facing away from John. He was looking intently into one of the trellises. John began jogging again, going the long way around to give Sherlock a chance to see him approach. He looked at Sherlock as he circled around the path. Sherlock was as impeccably dressed as always, even in the park. He had rolled the sleeves of his wine-colored shirt up to his elbows. He looked amazing. John felt self-conscious about his sweaty old t-shirt, but there was nothing to be done about it. He didn't want to miss the chance to talk to Sherlock.
Even in the dim glow of the streetlights, John could see the fire in Sherlock's eyes. Without breaking eye contact, Sherlock started the mustang. "Back to your flat?"
Sherlock opened John's jeans quickly and pushed his underwear down. He trailed his elegant fingers over John's already aching cock. John groaned loudly and let his head fall back against the window with a thud. His whole body convulsed in pleasure as Sherlock took him into his mouth. John stroked his fingers over Sherlock's scalp. He grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock's hair as he pushed forward into his mouth. Sherlock instantly responded, moaning brokenly and clutching at John's ass.
Sherlock continued stroking John's hair. John sighed against Sherlock's neck. "What does it mean, Honey?"
After lunch was over, Harry was expected to go to the kitchen to clean with her mother and Linda. John played along briefly, taking Clara back to the living room. He leaned close. "I'm going to go tell Mom that Harry looks pale and needs to come sit in here with you instead of wash dishes."
John grinned at him. "I'm fine. Shouldn't have let go of the rail." Sherlock shook his head and chuckled a little.
Heavy rain lashed against the windows. The ER staff was on edge. They'd heard reports of flooding all over the city. Thousands of people were stuck at Royals stadium, their cars stalling in the rapidly rising water in the parking lot. John could see the street outside the ER's window filling up with rain. He ducked behind the nurses' station and grabbed the phone, dialing Sherlock's number. He sighed in relief when he didn't get a busy signal.
All of the players stood up and started gathering their music and belongings. John jumped out of his seat. He had to find a way to catch Sherlock. He ducked back through the door and weaved his way through the building until he heard voices. Two people carrying instrument cases came out a small side door. John caught the door and went through. He saw more people with cases. He knew he was close now. He went down the hall in the direction the people were coming from.
The days blurred together, each more pointless than the last. John was on his way to a therapy session when he felt those green eyes on him again. He looked up just as the man passed the opposite way with a piercing stare and a flash of dark hair and red silk. John spun around in time to catch the flutter of the black coat disappearing into the stream of passers-by.
John knew his technique was far from perfect, but Sherlock was going to pieces above him all the same. Sherlock shuddered and gasped, still covering his mouth in what was clearly a desperate attempt to be quiet. After a few minutes, John felt him get harder. Sherlock began patting at John's head. He moved his hand from his mouth just long enough to choke out a single word. "
"You as well." He hangs up the phone, and smiles blissfully into the fireplace. He has successfully held two phone conversations with Gregory at this point. Granted, the second call was only thirty-four seconds long, but everyone must start somewhere, and this is Mycroft's start. His phone rings again, shattering his peaceful moment. He picks up, palms sweaty. If it's Lestrade again..."Hello?"
After watching the soldiers, Mycroft took Sherlock back to their home. Sherlock came quietly, which was a sign that his baby brother was locked away in his mind.
