Dean, dazed, reaches for Cas’s hand and tugs him toward the door. They exit slowly, each of them turning back around for another look. Pinpricks of light have begun to emerge from Nut’s skin and the inside of the pyramid floods with it. They walk a distance away and stop, watching the light intensify and stream from the opening. Cas watches reverently.
“Listen. About earlier...I’m sorry too. Seeing all that back there kinda put things into perspective.” He licks his lips and squeezes Cas’s hand, staring hard at the dash. “The whole ride here, I hated seeing you through the rear-view mirror and thinking you weren’t mine.”
“After people started to trash it, the state sealed it off, brought in trucks of dirt with the intent to bury the entrance and disguise the mound as a natural hill. They only got so far before the worked stopped. I assume the people in charge pulled the budget, and it’s been sitting like this ever since. I think the county owns it now. They never return my calls.”
He was tired. He needed sleep. It wasn’t even dinner time, and he’d foolishly missed lunch. Maybe Eric had put aside a sack lunch for him.
Pointless. Right. They get out of the car. Dean goes around to the trunk where Sam has thoughtfully left Dean’s bag for him to carry himself. He’s halfway to the house when he notices Cas isn’t behind him but standing beside the Impala, staring intently at the ground. At first he thinks Cas is in one of his funks, but from his posture and the way he tilts his head, he seems to be listening.
He’d accidentally taken a pen with him from the session. Embarrassed, he’d hidden it inside his pillow case, his one and only possession. The wallet and the clothes belonged to someone named Jimmy, but the pen—that was his now, soon joined by a notebook that he purchased in the thrift store with a dollar from Jimmy’s wallet.
Eyes watering, he jerks his head away. The god seems to understand his discomfort. He feels its laughter in the air, in the way the stones that make up the pyramid all seem to vibrate, though the god makes no sound, only lowers its eyes again. When it reaches the other, it lifts a hand toward its face the way a lover might. The first god embraces it, cracking open all along its back, the molten layer beneath its surface cooling instantly within the second god’s arms.
“Just for the day,” Dean says. “We’re visiting a friend a couple hours north. Drove down to see the water.”
Castiel no longer had any sensation in his body. Dean lay on top of him. “This isn’t you,” he was crying, but Castiel was unmoved by his tears. The blood dripped from Dean’s back like ice cream.
“It’s more common on the coast,” Jacob says, making eye contact with him through the rearview mirror. “We could head there instead If you don’t mind the drive.”
Castiel didn’t promise him anything. Instead he kissed Dean—not in the frenzied way he’d done in the woods, but steadily. His heart felt calm.
They showered and changed for bed, and gathered in a comfortable room that had a sofa and a television. Dean was the only one having dessert. He ate a bowl of ice cream that contained four scoops, making a rude hand gesture at Sam when he commented about Dean’s health.
As he’s swirling his beer along the inside of the glass, he thinks about the photographs Sam showed him that morning. The likelihood that someone knew they had a trail cam in place and dressed up just to fuck with them is…
“No,” Dean and Castiel said in unison. The shock had ruined his erection. Castiel stood and smoothed his clothes. Claire had a towel on over her swimsuit. The ends of her hair were wet and she smelled like chlorine.
Lying felt wrong, but Castiel didn’t want to tell her the transfer hadn’t been the success Sam had hoped for. “Thank you,” he said sincerely. “You’ve given something tremendous back to me.”
“Almost from the beginning, but there was so much foot traffic in and out of the hill at that time, it was easy to write it off as drunk stories.”
He couldn’t ask Dean directly. He felt instinctively that it would be cruel. He found Sam in the war room, sitting at the table with a book, and laid the photograph on the table.
Cas looks forward. “Yes. My apologies. I’ve been thinking about Sam’s theory that the hill could be a portal. It’s possible the structure is warded to prevent anyone from seeing past the exterior.”
A quick scan of the room reveals no signs of human remains, only a large block of stone in the center about the size of a table. It looks like an altar in a church.
Sam takes out his phone. “Speaking of…” He presses the home button a few times but nothing happens. “Huh. My battery’s dead.”
“Does he know you’re here?” she asked, folding her hands together. It was clear from her posture and the way she spoke to him that they knew each other well, but he had no idea who she was or who she was talking about.
As he and Dean walked down the hallway, Castiel did notice that he felt different. Lighter in his step. He felt lighter all over, like he’d set down a heavy load he’d been carrying.
Castiel reached back blindly and unlocked the door. Dean came in quietly. He dampened a washcloth and handed it to him to wipe his face. Dean’s own was ashen. He helped Castiel off of the floor, holding onto his arm as he led him back into the room, to the bed.
“We get small ones throughout the year,” Jacob says. “Maybe you’re more sensitive to them.” He pulls out some sci-fi looking device that looks like it costs more than Dean’s ever had in the bank at one time, and he momentarily forgets his nausea.
Castiel nodded slowly. It certainly wasn’t the end of days. Sam and Dean could fill him in on details about the past. There was plenty of time for feelings to develop—they were already there, in the dreams, if he could sort them from the nightmares. But those still frightened him. If the beach had actually been real, what about the rest of them?
“I don’t know,” Sam says. “Cas said he detected energy. Maybe it’s a connection between that place and somewhere else. It was ten thousand feet underground. Somebody wanted to keep it hidden. I mean, for all we know it opened up a portal—to Hell, another dimension. But that would explain why it’s only active at certain times, when something’s coming through.”
Emotions flitted across Dean’s face. He scowled and nodded a couple of times, then gestured to the car door. It was a moment before Castiel could open it. He could feel a chapter of his life—the only chapter he knew—closing, and it felt a little like death. He had no idea what waited for him in Kansas.
“We can help tell your story,” Sam says. “We just need you to talk to us. Are any of your followers with you?”
But Castiel withdrew a few steps, his eyes widening as his heart began to hammer in his chest, a frantic pounding he couldn’t control if he tried. It was the same man. He couldn’t catch his breath, gasping like a fish out of water.
Cas smiles. “I’ll see what I can do. If it’s any comfort, I have noticed my skin is more wrinkled than it used to be.”
There was never any malice or anger that preceded the killings. Jimmy felt nothing but adoration for him. Blood would well up in the wound, bubble up from his mouth and spill from the corners. Every night, the man stopped moving and Jimmy woke up.
“I’ll tell you everything you want to know once we get home, but for right now, would you please open the door?” Dean tried the handle again. “Cas? Cas, please talk to me. I know you’d never hurt me. If you can’t trust yourself, at least trust me.”
“Animals tend to be more sensitive to the supernatural. Have you ever had a cat look just behind you?”
To his credit and Dean’s surprise, Sam doesn’t say anything about the radio, just points to something up ahead. Sure enough, caught in the Impala’s headlights about a hundred yards in front of them is a crooked red mailbox. As they approach, Dean applies the brakes and prepares to make the turn, catching white reflective letters that spell out the name Miller.
And though it was a while before he was able to, Castiel fell asleep with the pressure of Dean’s hand on his back.
Dean was polite and reserved, not like the flashy characters in one of Castiel’s books, leaving him to wonder how much of their relationship had been a dream. Dean was alive, so Castiel patently had not killed him; by extension, the rest might also be a myth. The beach, the Victorian house, Dean naked on the bed—they were likely as fantastic as his nightly murder games. Dean didn’t treat Castiel the way he expected a lover would. Castiel felt relieved.
Dean was waiting with the car when Castiel walked outside. His eyes fell to the bag in Castiel’s hand.
The fence is marked with official-looking signs that warn “no trespassing” and promise heavy fines. They get out of the car, standing in a line against it to take everything in.
Sam looks like he might say something but takes another bite of lasagna. Cas is looking at his plate. Dean sniffs and rubs his nose, not sure what else to say. With the carbs in their stomach, they’re losing their sharpness. Even Jacob is yawning every few words.
Once his shift had ended, Castiel went to Marjorie’s office. She didn’t blink when he said he would be leaving, only stood up from her desk and shook his hand.
It was terribly quiet in the room. Dean wiped his eyes and cleared his throat, patting the spot beside him.
“That’s you and Charlie,” he said. Castiel squinted. The image was of him and a young woman with a wide grin and vibrant red hair. He didn’t know her either, but he smiled in the picture and had an arm around her shoulder. There was the ring on his left hand.
“Earth…” Jacob says like he’s thinking. “The early gods were said to be born on the hill before the world existed.”
“We apologize for intruding,” Cas says to the figure above them. “If you would move aside, we’ll leave now.”
Dean cracked a smile. “Oh, that...that was fine,” he said. “Just caught me by surprise. But that’s not what I was talking about. I meant you burning up your grace.”
What makes a person a person? Castiel pondered this during the drive back to Kansas. The people at the shelter had believed that he was James Novak based on a piece of identification in his wallet. People who had known Jimmy had accepted it as well, although nothing of Jimmy was left in him. He’d even believed it himself for a time, having nothing else to believe back then.
“Jimmy, I’ll be checking in with you regularly to see how you’re doing,” said Lou, who was kind but not warm.
“I’m too tired to mess around,” Dean said. “Anyway, when have we ever done that with you in the room?”
“As far as bad guys go, they’re actually not the worst, though they can possess you whether you like it or not. We’ve got tattoos that protect us, but we’ll have Cas put something on you.”
“Not directly. There’s no lighting, so people have gotten hurt when they encounter whatever is in there and try to escape. The last report I had was about unexplained wind originating from the inside, but that witness stopped calling me back.”
Jacob and Sam don’t seem to realize they’ve gotten so far away, or if they have noticed they don’t care. At least Dean can hardly hear their laughter anymore. He and Cas cross the street and poke around an outdoorsy store for a few minutes. Most of the merchandise wouldn’t hold up to their kind of lifestyle so he doesn’t buy anything, just flashes a smile at the shopkeeper who looks like she’s used to people coming in and out without making a purchase. Two doors down he’s greeted by a man standing in the doorway to a jewelry store.
This case seems so different from the last one they worked together, Dean is surprised to hear him say that.
Although he was trying to appear nonchalant, Dean was holding back a smile. It slipped out every time their eyes met. He believed this would work. But Castiel’s eyes kept drifting to the syringe. He’d have to use it when Claire decided she was ready. If he did and still had no idea what to do, he would have to watch that smile die on Dean’s face.
A large man with a bulbous head had squinted at him and wagged a finger. The car’s interior lights had shined off his bare scalp.
“Sam, I thought you could have the couch, although given your height you might be more comfortable bunking with me. Dean, Cas, you’re out on the porch. I figured you’d want your privacy. It might not be as comfortable as a five-star hotel, but I can assure you no ghost will try to steal your car.”
Castiel was standing inside a warehouse. He was standing in a crypt. His angel blade was in his fist, and his hands were inside of Dean’s hands. He looked down upon Dean’s swollen face. His blood was wet on Castiel’s knuckles from striking him.
“I’ll also have the porter,” Cas says, sounding knowledgeable about it. He folds his hands on the bar and gives Dean a slight nod—the same kind he would if they were undercover and sitting in some sheriff’s office. Dean can’t help but laugh and thumps Cas between his shoulder blades.
While they drive back along a dark, wooded road, Jacob fiddles with the camera they found. “The lens is cracked—that’s a shame. Battery’s dead too. I have a micro USB charger at the house.”
From the way her mouth twitched, she looked like she’d expected that response and handed him a bag. “For your belongings,” she said.
“Look, pal, I’m sure that heat’s not a problem where you’re from, but it’s a little much for me. Do you mind stepping back?”
Sam sighed. “Look, I think we’re all feeling a little tense. Let’s just go easy on each other and finish eating.”
Dean was sitting in the idling car when Castiel came back outside. He took a deep breath before opening the passenger’s door and got inside. Dean had his phone out, but he put it away once Castiel was seated.
He catalogued a book about penguins. The book after that taught children to count. One horse, two sheep, three bumblebees. He touched the caricature of a bee, its bright, contrasting stripes. When he looked up, Marjorie was watching him over the top of her glasses.
The lights on the EMF meter light up momentarily. Dean holds up a hand to bring Sam’s attention to it.
“Looking into a haunting,” Dean said. He seemed to realize how it must have sounded and coughed. “Sam and I, we help people.”
The blade slipped into his hand. He didn’t flinch when he plunged it into the man’s chest, not even as the man cried, “This isn’t you. This isn’t you!” and begged him, “
He didn’t add anything to the notebook when he went to bed that night, only scratched out the last line. He hadn’t killed Dean. But the knowledge of Dean being alive wasn’t enough to ease his worries. As Castiel lay in the dark, his mind raced, refusing to settle. All night he tossed and turned.
Blinking, he observed that the bag was orange and the floor was dry. There wasn’t any blue to be seen.
They kissed in the uncomfortable summer heat, sticky with sweat and semen. What Castiel felt for Dean was something timeless and cherished, something immortal. He felt fused to Dean, unwilling to let him go long enough to switch on the air conditioner. But he allowed Dean to coax him into the shower and blushed when Dean took the bar of soap and sunk to his knees.
Every night he closed his eyes and every night this man came to him: young in years but aged in his soul, with lightly freckled skin and hair with honey tones that glinted when the lights in the room surged on. They always came on after he fell, revealing a minefield of his body, a collection of death. Hundreds of the same man lay twisted in rigor, dead by Jimmy’s hand.
“Maybe you should stay back,” Sam says to Jacob, kindly. “Just in case.” He pats his shoulder and ducks through the entry, shimmying around the door.
In prayer group, he clenched his hands together until it was painful, and before bed, he knelt until he was certain his knees were bruised.
“To put it crudely,” Jacob says. “The three of them and the first humans—how they came around is another story altogether—lived together on that hill until the world was created. Atum’s first creations reproduced, giving us the land and sky; they produced the generation after them. That’s where we get the famous gods like Osiris and Isis. Joseph discovered a prophecy about the hill’s reappearance and dedicated the rest of his life to finding it.”
Sam puts a consoling hand on Jacob’s back. Dean walks away to give them privacy, moving further into the pyramid, and takes out his own EMF meter. It registers no background noise, just insignificant blips he attributes to their cell phones. He expected something, given the stories, but this won’t be the first time a meter alone fails to reveal a spirit. Holding the light at chest-height, he slowly scans the space, stopping when the beam falls on a wall about thirty feet away. The hallway branches off right and left, though the left-hand corridor is impassable, blocked by fallen stone. The graffiti here isn’t so thick. Most of it is by the opening; only a few people have been brave enough to deface the inner corridor.
Light came first. Light and the sensation of wind over his skin, of gravity pulling him downward. He was falling, hurtling back to Earth. The heat built and scorched his wings when he tried to open them to break the fall. He would never open them again. In a moment, he would not remember they had been his.
Castiel followed him down the hallway to their room. He closed the door and stood with his back against it. Dean sat bent over the end of the bed with his head in his hands.
Dean checks the rear-view mirror to make sure Cas is still asleep. His eyes are closed, but that doesn’t mean anything. Dean fake-slept plenty on car rides as a kid. He keeps his voice low to be safe.
Twelve hours later, Castiel fussed with his tie as he walked into a Citibank, and within a half hour, Claire had a debit card and signing rights on a savings account that had formerly belonged to James Novak. Surprisingly, Amelia hadn’t touched the funds. Claire would be set for a while if she was careful with the money.
, Dean stops on the History Channel and tosses the remote aside. Even though he got a good night of sleep, the exhaustion from the drive catches up with him, and it’s a fight to keep his eyes open. At some point, Cas and Jacob must have come up from the basement because Dean is dreaming about blowing through a stop sign in one moment, and in the next, realizes Cas is sitting next to him. The lights are off. Cas is watching a blender infomercial on mute.
He scrambled for the bedside lamp, switching it on with trembling fingers. He hovered in the yellow glow, hunkered down in tousled sheets. They were warm and smelled like him, but didn’t smell right. Something was missing. He closed his hand around the cross hanging from his neck.
Sam was waiting for them inside a place Dean called “the bunker.” Castiel had thought it was a strange name for a house at first, but as he descended the metal staircase, he understood it was no ordinary house. If he had to describe it, it looked more like military bases he’d seen in movies. Cold, like a police station. It had appeared rundown from the outside, but there was opulence in the decorative metal railings, soaring carved columns, the wall sconces. A polished concrete floor. He hesitantly stepped down onto it. Castiel had no knowledge of real estate, but he knew this place must have cost a lot of money. He had
Dean hadn’t said it as though he was asking a question. Castiel wasn’t sure how to interpret his tone of voice. Strained, maybe. He was averting his eyes and rubbing his nose with his right hand. The ice cream was beginning to drip.
Castiel did. It came out as a sob. Sam held him against his shoulder. With so little grace left in him, Castiel went limp against him. Sam’s hair tickled his ear.
“I told him you weren’t here and to leave his number. He said he’s staying at the Days Inn in town and will come back tomorrow.” She passed him a slip of paper but didn’t let go of it right away. “Do you need to talk about this?”
At first, nothing happened. Worried they would draw a scene, he looked around them, but it didn’t seem that any of the other diners were paying attention to them. He concentrated his energy on the tips of his fingers. They grew warm, tingling. Pale blue light twisted from them as from a candle, vanishing into her neck. After a few seconds had passed, Claire’s shoulders relaxed. She ripped off the bandage and balled it up with her napkin.
“There’s not much we can do,” Sam says. “Just encourage people to stay away from here, though it seems like the hill itself is doing a good job of that by itself. I wonder if we’ll forget about it now.”
“Nothing yet,” Sam says a minute later. Dean opens a new beer and flops on the couch, trying to find something on TV.
They exchanged languid kisses at the end of the bed. Dean eased them onto the edge, so that Castiel was seated and Dean sat astride his legs. He put a hand between them to stroke them together, threading his other hand in Castiel’s hair at the nape of his neck while they kissed.
Cas shakes his head and points to a strip of light beneath the door leading down to the basement stairs.
Sam is standing behind Jacob with a shit-eating grin and a pair of headphones. He laughs at something the caller said, puts a hand on Jacob’s shoulder, and leans down to speak into the microphone. Jacob holds up a finger to indicate they’ll be another minute and Dean gives him a thumb’s up, crossing his arms and settling against the wall. One of the pins pokes him in the back. He flinches, turning to examine what’s behind him.
“There are several legends, but in many of them, a hill was the first thing to rise out of the primordial waters. Before then, everything was darkness. Nothing but chaos. In the Heliopolis legend, the god Atum was said to be standing on the hill as it rose. Some say he conceived twins with his own shadow and spit out his first offspring; according to others, it was an act of masturbation.”
Castiel’s body felt as fragile as the soul he had carried in the dream. He kept to the very edge of the mattress with his back to Dean, afraid to turn over.
Time did not exist. Whether he was there for a nanosecond or an eon, it was the same. He was outside of it, ageless. A single point of consciousness. There were others, boundless others on all sides of him, billions above him and below him stretching to infinity. A universe. They were separate and they were connected, each of them. He had come home.
His newfound ability to heal, weak as it was, was enough for him to argue a seat in the Impala when Dean left for hunts. The three of them traveled the country, and Castiel learned evil did not exist merely in books.
She tugged on the strings of her hoodie and pushed it off of her head. “Can you take the sting out?” she said, turning her neck toward him. “It hurts whenever I move.”
“You want a bite?” Dean said to Castiel, holding out the spoon. In his time at the shelter, Castiel had only seen immediate family share utensils, usually parents and children. But he opened his mouth hesitantly and allowed Dean to slide the spoon inside.
A noise overhead caught his attention. Someone was out of bed and walking around. A few minutes later, a car pulled into the small gravel lot outside. He went to the sink to wash his hands. He liked cleaning himself. It felt pure and good. He rubbed his hands harder than necessary, lingering on the fourth finger on his left hand, at the spot where it felt oddly numb. He rubbed until the feeling returned, then rinsed the soap from his hands.
“Claire, we would never push you into this,” Sam said, hands folded together on the side of the table. “We just want you to consider—”
Jacob is in profile in front of a large flat-screen monitor and skinny microphone. He’s got a finger to his forehead and is nodding about something Dean can’t hear. Above Jacob’s head is an illuminated sign that says “on air” in red letters—unnecessary for a guy who lives alone in the middle of the woods, but then so is driving almost two thousand miles to check out a haunting that any hunter straight out of diapers should be able to handle.
His last day working in the kitchen, the juice machine broke. It stopped dispensing orange juice just in time for the breakfast rush.
He mouthed the name, beautiful and ancient. He knew it was older than anything he could see. He glanced around to ensure no one was looking over his shoulder. The librarian was across the room, and only one other computer was occupied. He had no understanding of what he was seeing. The terms were foreign: archive, wiki. He checked his surroundings again and selected the image search.
With the door closed, the room was dark again, and though he was close enough that Castiel could sense his warmth, Dean felt far away.
Sam’s face was pleasing. He had long hair and a warm smile like Eric’s, but Castiel didn’t know him. He shook his head and handed the phone back. Dean pushed a button and tapped on the screen a few times, then turned it around.
Mary was an older, stocky woman with short graying hair. Apparently, she didn’t get along with anyone besides Castiel, so they often worked the same shift.
They got into bed from different sides and watched television until Dean complained there was nothing on and switched it off, tossing the remote aside. Castiel listened to him settle in. The sheets were thick and felt rough against his skin, like the sheets at the shelter. He turned his head to the side.
He aims the light down the length of the corridor. The floor is covered in dirt and grass that has blown in from outside, concentrated near the entrance along with piles of black rock. He can’t pinpoint the source; the ceiling looks intact. Along the edges of the room are discarded beer cans and fast food containers, a forgotten sweatshirt, the kind of cheap flashlight you can pick up at a convenience store. Copper-top batteries litter the floor like cigarette butts—and there are plenty of those too. A heavy smell wafts toward them: the noxious combination of mildew and stale urine.
And as for the other part of the dreams, Dean had never made an advance on him, usually keeping his distance. He’d departed twice for a case, leaving Castiel behind with Sam. Castiel would have been fine if they had both gone, but he understood why they were reluctant to leave him alone. Both times when Dean had come home, he’d looked at Castiel in a searching way, hoping there had been a change while he was gone, but Castiel never had good news for him. Twenty weeks had passed since he’d woken up in Bloomington, twenty-one, twenty-two. He couldn’t remember anything before the first.
Sam located a couple options during the drive, so they follow him to a pub that has available seating and take four spots at the polished wood bar beneath vintage pendant lights that look a little like flying saucers. Jacob fits in here just great. Today’s beer and wine selections are neatly written on a long chalkboard mounted on the wall beside the bar. Dean orders a local porter. Sam asks for a martini made with something called kombucha, Jacob a ginger beer.
Castiel’s chest felt tight. A warm feeling surged through his body. He opened his mouth, about to say something else, when the door handle rattled and Sam came into the room.
He slid the book back into place and hurried to the men’s room, which was blessedly empty. He splashed his face with cold water and dried it on a brown paper towel. The bathroom was dingy and smelled like urine.
“Letting the amnesiac wearing my dad’s face jam a huge fucking needle in my neck to extract something you’re not even sure is there.”
They ate in relative quiet, against the din of the restaurant. The food seemed inexpensive but was well made and flavorful—much better than the food at the shelter. Castiel swallowed it greedily.
They stopped talking. A server came by with a pot of coffee and refilled their cups. Claire ordered an ice cream sundae. Dean, his hand still under Castiel’s, continued to pick at the remains of his meal.
Castiel slept for hours, waking suddenly when he heard squeaking outside the door. Someone was probably wheeling a suitcase down the hallway. He listened for a while but didn’t hear anything else, just the sound of Dean breathing and the whirring of the room’s air conditioner. The room had felt hot when they’d gone to bed, but now that the heat from the shower had faded, the sheets held a slight chill. But he wasn’t cold enough that he was uncomfortable, and he could hardly open his eyes, let alone get out of bed and walk to the thermostat.
Cas folds his hand over Dean’s arm in a way that’s protective, not affectionate, and Dean shuts his mouth, standing when Cas does and assuming the same defensive stance. Cas’s eyes flit everywhere in the space: the floor, the ceiling, toward the opening that leads outside, and down the long dark corridor before them. He’s in fighting mode. Dean catches the sharp scent of ozone rolling off of him.
“Yes. Dr. Joseph LaShem. He didn’t die inside of the hill—we were in the nearby woods—but given his obsession with that place, I can’t imagine who else it would be.”
“Cas, you’re family,” Sam said. He laughed a little and patted Castiel on the shoulder as he left the room. “As soon as you’re ready, I’ve got dinner.”
She drove him to the shelter where a tall black woman came out to meet him. She smiled and offered her hand.
“Humans,” the second says, looking at them over the first god’s shoulder. “I have not seen one up close for millenia.”
The group makes the right and starts down the corridor. Dean’s meter still shows no electromagnetic fields. He shakes it to make sure it’s still working. The needle jumps, settling back into place like a feather dropping. He listens for noises farther in—signs that animals might have made the pyramid a home, but they seem to avoid it like Jacob says most humans do. There’s nothing: no scurrying or growls, nothing that could pass as breath or the bone-chilling crunch of something chewing. Their flashlights reveal only the stone floor and walls. Dean’s seen a hell of a lot in his thirty-whatever years, and so far, nothing about this place outright suggests it’s haunted, and yet the lack of life, apart from the plants that seem determined to erase this place from any map, doesn’t sit right.
“No,” Cas told the voice before he cut Dean down in a warehouse. He left a trail of bloody salt water and sand on the polished floor.
He had no memories of being a child, or of anything prior to eight weeks ago when he’d opened his eyes and found himself staring up the front steps of a house he had never seen. It was a two-story home with a small portico over the front door, supported by thick square columns. The porch and the yard were tidy: grass mowed short, shrubs trimmed. When he had pushed up onto his knees and attempted to stand, a porch light had flickered on.
“Sorry,” Dean said. “Just—I feel like hell I didn’t find you earlier. It’s a damn miracle Claire stopped in when she did. Said she was back home looking for her mom.”
“I’m not sure there’s another one. I don’t know of any way to stabilize it. Once it’s faded completely, I might...I don’t know.”
They spend another hour walking through town before starting the drive back home. Dean doesn’t revisit the jewelry store, but they pick up some snacks for the road. They lose the light halfway back. Between the dark and the silence (because unlike in Dean’s nightmares, Jacob actually drives with the radio off), Dean grows tired and leans his head against the window.
Castiel looked from the bed to the couch and back. He wasn’t sure that sleeping next to Dean was safe. What if he had another nightmare? What if he hurt him in his sleep? But Castiel was tempted by the lure of a bed so luxurious, and it was large enough that they likely wouldn’t touch.
. I’ve been back a few times since, though I didn’t get too far down the passage before all of my devices lost power. I tried coming back with a torch, but that got blown out. I didn’t have it in my budget to get a generator.”
Shrugging, Sam scratched his head. “Probably. You went back to the place where you took over his body.”
“Better to take your time. If you do make up your mind before you head back out of town, stop back and see us.”
“Yes,” said the coworker, not raising his light eyes from the computer. The other one flapped his hand and laughed.
They let him stay the night, and in the morning an officer with blonde hair said they had gone to high school together. She had heard what happened to his family.
Inside, he felt strangely peaceful. Resigned, maybe. He hadn’t held out much hope to begin with and had no expectation of what he might’ve recovered, but Dean...
It felt no more like home than the shelter had the first few weeks he had lived there, but Castiel smiled at Sam and followed him down the hallway to the room he’d prepared for him.
“You don’t have to ask me stuff like that. Just do whatever you want. I’m going to lie down. I didn’t sleep too well again last night.”
Sam laughs and pats Jacob’s shoulder. “Sorry. But my point is, if even rats are avoiding this place, it could be they’re picking up on something.”
The kitchen was on the shelter’s first floor. He went downstairs. The building was quiet, most of the residents still asleep. He should be sleeping too. It wasn’t quite six and his shift didn’t begin for another hour, but he wouldn’t close his eyes again until nightfall.
“Why do we have to meet this guy in the weirdest frigging locations? First a hotel in a ghost town—literally, I might add—and now some place in Maine where a pyramid apparently showed up back in, what, 2009?”
“If they were so freaked out they dropped the camera, there’s probably not much on there,” Dean says. “Doubt they stuck around long enough for a photo session.”
“Did you buy enough food?” Sam says with mock concern as Dean gets back into the car. He slides the beer between them.
“Dean! Cas!” Sam’s voice crackles through the two-way radio. “Something’s happening out here. What’s your status?”
“Sorry,” Castiel said, studying the cards in his hand. The others groaned when he won again. He regretted waiting this long to accept their invitation, knowing he’d shortly be the face they wouldn’t see anymore.
He sent an email to Marjorie on a laptop Sam gave him. He asked how Eric was doing with the store. She said they all missed him and to visit if he was ever in the area again. He had a feeling she said that to everyone, but it didn’t make the sentiment less sincere.
“Yeah, but it’s been dying pretty fast lately. I’ll run up and put it on charge. Email me those pictures?”
“So,” Dean says, claiming the beer. It won’t relax him worth a damn but at least it’ll cut his thirst. “What’s the deal with this pyramid? Where’d it come from?”
Dean was quiet for a few seconds, rubbing his neck. “I forgot I stashed ‘em up there. Sorry if it shocked you.”
“I can’t tell if you’re being serious or if you’re fucking with me. There, finally! I was starting to think this was a dead end.”
“I felt a tremor.” Cas concentrates for a while, then shakes his head. “It’s gone, whatever it was.”
“I’m glad you made it. You should’ve come down sooner! Sam was able to sit in for the last few minutes. I’m not going to bother editing this tonight. Are you all hungry? I made lasagna earlier.”
“Hell, I can sleep anywhere,” Dean says. He pulls out the fourth chair and sits down beside Cas. “As soon as I get this in my system, we can hit the road.”
The light makes him squint. Dean takes the phone from Sam and holds it out until his eyes adjust. “What am I looking at?”
“Walmart.” Sam positions the camera in the center of the floor facing down the first corridor. He switches it on and steps in front of the lens to make sure it’s working. A few moments later, his phone buzzes. “And voila,” he says, flashing a black and white picture of himself. “If it picks up on anything, we’ll get a text.”
He holds Cas’s hand on the ride back. It feels like ages since he’s done that, even though it’s only been a few weeks. He never thought about how often they touched until the day they stopped, and felt ashamed watching those two gods holding onto each other after millenia apart. He wishes they could take back the past month, that he’d asked what Cas meant by “space” instead of storming out.
Somewhere around forty they stopped coming as quickly, and his stomach settled. His mind pulled him back into sleep.
Cas gives a long sigh. “You’ve seemed...unsettled, lately. Restless. You rarely sleep through the night when I’m near. For your own sake, I—”
Dean drove most of the way to Maine. Cas studiously avoided looking at him in the rear-view mirror during the majority of the 1,800-mile trek. Sam did his best to stay neutral, but when Cas initially climbed into the backseat, Dean didn’t miss Sam’s soft, concerned look or the way he mouthed “You okay?” before they crossed the state line into Nebraska.
Dean had put on a television program about a physician. He kept the remote in his hand as he watched, crossing his arms over his chest, and while they sat on the same couch Castiel couldn’t help but notice the distance between them felt deliberate. Sam, on the other hand, occasionally tapped Castiel’s arm when he wanted him to notice something on the TV.
The past came back to him in pieces, rarely any two connected. Sometimes a memory drifted in out of context, leaving him speechless while he tried to understand and catalogue it. Dean and Sam had gotten used to those moments when Castiel would go quiet.
. Get in the car, drive somewhere for the heck of it, play tourist. He doesn’t usually order craft beer and Bavarian pretzels, or lobster rolls on a toasted bun. The stress he usually carries in his shoulders goes down a notch.
They met Claire in the lobby for breakfast. Dean brightened when he saw the spread and loaded a tray with food. Claire was sitting in a corner wearing the ripped green sweatshirt she’d had on in the diner. The hood was drawn, hiding the bandaid on her neck. She’d made a thick waffle and drenched it with syrup, then stabbed it with a fork and dragged a knife through it, cutting it into shreds. The three of them watched her cautiously.
Dean took out the vial, looking at it softly. The unearthly blue light reflected in his eyes. He pressed the vial into Castiel’s hands.
It sure beats the hell out of diner food. Dean swallows what’s in his mouth and taps his fork on the plate. “Sam gave us the rundown in the car,” he says, “but is there anything else about this place we oughta know?”
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t know.” He opened his mouth again but no more words came out. He ducked his chin. Dean put a hand on his leg under the table, then jerked it back, then shakily laid it down again. Castiel put a hand on top of his.
Sam aims his light toward the ceiling. “I was thinking that,” he says. “There’s no signs of animals being down this way.”
He starts down the corridor with Jacob on his heels. Dean and Cas follow at a short distance. The four of them have their flashlights on, sweeping the beams back and forth across the floor. Beneath a layer of grime, the edges of large stone tiles wink every few feet. This thing really popped out of the ground? The walls here are free of graffiti, leaving the markings exposed. Dean turns around, looking back toward the light from the entrance that has grown faintly red with the setting sun. The darkness reminds him of Hell. His heart squeezes, even after all these years.
“We have never left. Since nearly the beginning, we have been fixed in place. We are there, even now. What you see before you are merely pieces they cannot detect in this place.”
There was nothing remarkable about her appearance. She had long, blonde hair and the guarded expression he saw on tens of faces every day, but something about her had Castiel staring. She hadn’t been to the shelter before. That wasn’t why he knew her. It nagged at him as he accepted a scoop of eggs and found a seat at the end of a long table.
There were thousands and thousands of them, beautiful and shameful images. He clicked back and searched just the single word: Castiel. It was an angel’s name, an iteration of the Angel of Thursday. It explained the wings but not the connection to him.
Dean’s palm was rough. Castiel couldn’t get enough of it. He whispered Dean’s name and Dean jerked them harder. His breathing became labored and his kisses less formed, so that he was exhaling into Castiel’s mouth, panting, “Jesus, Cas,
The snacks run out as the sun is going down. They do a last-minute equipment check and head outside. Even though Jacob offers his truck, which will handle better on the uneven terrain, they take the Impala. Since it sits lower to the ground and has a dark paint job, it’ll be harder to see once the sun sets. That, and Dean needs to drive for a while to get his head on straight. Who knows what kind of music Jacob listens to. He can’t stomach the thought of Sam joining in for a hearty sing-a-long.
“No,” Jacob says. “If they have, I haven’t had any interactions with them, and anything they did was ineffective.”
“Yeah. That was pretty intense. I started out the night thinking we were gonna slay some new kind of demon, not witness a reunion.”
Castiel gripped Dean’s hand and shoulder, and pulled him upright. Dean’s face was golden in the firelight. With his sleeve, Castiel tried to clean the blood away. Dean caught his arm.
Once his stomach is full and Sam is tipsy to the point of giggling from another martini, they decide to explore the town. Dean didn’t pay much attention to it on the walk in, but the main street looks like something straight off of a postcard, with colorful storefronts and clean sidewalks. It’s slightly warmer a few blocks in than it was beside the water. Sam and Jacob are still taking pictures. When Jacob walks into the center of the street so he can get Sam with some of the buildings as a backdrop, Dean turns on his heel and heads in the other direction. From the sound of dress shoes falling on the sidewalk, he knows Cas is following.
He nodded his appreciation into the doorjamb and went upstairs to change. He put on a fresh shirt and rinsed out his mouth, scrubbing the bitter taste from his tongue.
Dean’s on his second beer and two-thirds through the chicken wrap when Sam announces that there’s nothing paranormal on the camera’s storage card.
“Nah, I shouldn’t have made such a big deal out of it. To be honest, I’d be pretty pissed if I missed out on this.” Dean slings a casual arm around Cas’s shoulders. “After all, how often do you get to keep secrets for gods?”
Jimmy shrugged. Water continued to drip, splashing into the glass Eric had set beneath the nozzle. Beyond the door the dining room buzzed with people.
Tonight, he’d been positioned behind a staircase, in a room he didn’t know outside of dreams: a wide room, a large room, with tall ceilings and a shiny floor. The room had been dark, the floor littered with corpses. The room had hummed with the whirr of an HVAC system, the whoosh of recycled air being pumped into the space. It had been strikingly quiet, no voices and no sounds from outside. It had been simple to make out the sound of breathing. It hadn’t been his; his own body made no sound. Someone else had been in the room. That person’s heart had beat a frantic rhythm, a siren call tugging something within him.
It probably wasn’t fair, what he was asking, but he didn’t care about fair or right just then. Dean thought about it for a minute and licked his lips.
Sam didn’t flinch. He rubbed his forehead and sighed. “We knew another angel in your situation. She only had fractured memories of who she’d been before. They drove her crazy to the point where she was hospitalized. People thought she was delusional. She lived like that for years.”
“Do you remember this?” Dean said. His face was wet with tears. Castiel bent to kiss it in apology, reaching between them. Dean gasped when he touched him and crossed his ankles behind Castiel’s back.
Cas shakes his head. From down the basement stairs, Sam calls their names. He’s got that excited tone that means they’ve found something. Dean finishes his beer and heads down to meet them. Sam is leaning over the back of Jacob’s chair, tracing an area on the monitor with his finger. At a glance there’s nothing there, even though Jacob is nodding like they’ve found gold. Of course
Two days later, he and Sam drove north into Nebraska to visit a store called Walmart. He had heard of Walmart on television, but this was the first time he could remember being inside of one. They picked out groceries. Castiel found a postcard to send to Marjorie and selected new packages of socks and underwear. Sam took him into the men’s clothing section and encouraged him to try on a few things.
Dean thrust up into Castiel’s fist and choked out his name as he came on his fingers. He laughed afterward, resting his head on Castiel’s shoulder, taking several long breaths before he reached between them again and brought Castiel to orgasm.
For a moment, she almost seemed to pity him, but then her eyes hardened. “You really don’t remember anything, huh.”
Across the room in another bunk, someone adjusted in bed. Sheets rustled before the man rolled over and began snoring. Jimmy wiped away the sweat that had beaded along his forehead. He wiped it on his bare arm.
Sam shakes his head and stops Jacob mid-apology. “Not all hunts have results on the first day. Even ghosts take a day off. And it’s possible we caught an EVP. We have to review the tape. Did you two see anything up here?”
Castiel came closer, kneeling down beside the bed in front of Dean’s legs. “You don’t have to do anything. Just wait for me.”
Eventually they came to a room unlike all of the others. Instead of being filled with artifacts that reminded Castiel of the thrift store, it was filled with vehicles. Most of them were cars. He spotted one motorcycle. Before he could examine it more closely, Dean led him to a more modern-looking gold car.
things for you. I have dreamed about you so many times.” Castiel’s face went hot admitting that, but he kept talking. “I know I’m not the person you fell in love with—maybe I’ll never be that person again—but please let me get to know you.”
Sam sighed. “Let’s check out and talk more in the car. It’s not really something we can talk about here.”
“It could be dust. They get better footage than that on SyFy.” When they seem to deflate, Dean sighs and adds, “Look, I’m not ruling it out. The place gave me the creeps. I’m just saying that’s not enough to go on. Let’s see what your trail cam picks up.”
The flavor of Dean’s mouth turned sharp, like licking a penny. Castiel’s vision went red. From underneath his back, he pulled out the blade he had concealed. He brought his arms around Dean’s back and drove it home.
He didn’t hold his blade, but his fingers itched with power. It screamed forth from him, towering overhead in a foreboding display as high as skyscrapers. Behind him, great wings unfurled, six in total. They shielded him, coiling at his feet and around his torso, covering his face, though he could still see. He was composed of eyes. They studied the forest from every feather, hundreds and hundreds of them, and they could see him in return, a sentinel.
“Jimmy, you have a visitor,” Gil told him, shooing him away from the store counter. Castiel cleared his throat and checked his hair before going outside, smoothing the wrinkles in his shirt as he walked.
“We have Jacob’s story, though. He’s a scientist. If he says this place drained all of his equipment, I believe him.”
Jimmy had dropped his gaze to the blade in his hand, seated in the man’s chest. Blood had saturated his shirt and dripped onto the floor. He’d fallen. Jimmy had removed the blade and the task had been done.
He forgets about worrying that his brother is peeping on them from the house. It’s his fault if he gets an eyeful. Dean takes off his jacket and presses Cas up against the passenger door. It would be a cliché to say there’s something different about the way they’re coming together tonight, but it does seem different, like they’re connected more intimately. Dean’s not afraid of him getting out of the car. Even if he did, he knows Cas would come back. That he wants to.
It contained a double bed, and a nightstand with a lamp and alarm clock. Castiel stood in the doorway for a moment taking it in. He had no memory of ever having his own space before. He carried the small bag of belongings into the room and set them down on the nightstand.
Beside it is a picture of the outside of a stepped pyramid with the number -10,000 written on it. An adjacent map pinpoints its location just a few miles from here. It’s strange they haven’t heard anything about it in all these years. Something like that should be a tourist attraction, especially if there has been any attempt at a government cover-up. That usually draws the conspiracy crowd, but the most Sam found was an abandoned blog and six pictures of people drinking inside of it on Instagram. The pictures on Jacob’s walls must have been taken when the pyramid first appeared. In the few that Dean saw online, it was already covered by grass—easy to mistake for a natural hill if you didn’t know its origins—but in these pictures, it looks like something from another time. Hard to believe something like that exists in New England.
“Nora?” Sam frowned. “I’m sorry, I don’t remember anyone by that name, but we help a lot of people.”
“It was strange. I’m not sure how to explain it. It reminded me of the feeling when I’m in the presence of another wavelength, but it wasn’t an angel.”
Dean closed the box containing the syringe and motioned toward the door. The three of them followed her down the hallway and stood behind her while she unlocked her door.
The notebook and pen he laid inside the nightstand drawer. He didn’t think he would need them anymore.
Moonlight spilled on a house across the lawn from where he was lying. He didn’t recognize it, but confused and alone, he dragged himself off of the grass and stumbled up the stairs like an animal on new legs, wobbling as he reached for the doorbell. He knew what a doorbell and what a house was, but he did not know whose house it was, or who he was.
Apprehension must have shown on his face, because Lou smiled and said they would talk about it more later.
Dean is left with the two look-alikes who turn matching blue eyes on him. “Uh,” he says, inching toward the stairs. “I’m gonna...just…” He points up and follows after Sam, who is sitting at the kitchen table with his laptop, phone plugged into the nearest wall. It chimes as it restarts.
Castiel smiled. He reached toward his center, never taking his eyes away from Dean, and tore out the borrowed grace.
At first Dean’s not sure what he’s seeing. The shape appears to be humanoid, but it’s more like a vast dark area on the screen than something corporeal. There’s what could pass as an arm, part of a torso and a leg. If there’s a head, the camera has cut it off. The form fills about a third of the phone screen. He thumbs to the next image, which shows the same strange figure in almost the same position, but closer, as though it has taken a step toward the camera. In the next picture it appears to be leaning down. The lower part of a face is in view, as dark as the rest of the figure and with no recognizable features: no mouth, no nose. Dean frowns and swipes again. Something else emerges from behind the first figure: a similar shape, also humanoid. Like the first, the figure is dark and partially blocked by the one in front of it.
“I don’t know,” Sam said. “Maybe it’s your brain trying to process what it’s able to remember about the time when you were brainwashed.”
Pinned to the wall around the photographs are post-it notes and scraps of paper documenting accounts of supernatural activity in the vicinity of the hill: lights, unexplained wind, supposed seismic events. There have been sightings too: reports of a being that seems to absorb light. The names on the witness list are all struck through. A couple have “do not call” written beside them. All in all, it sounds like classic ghost stuff. If they just drove thirty hours for a five-minute job, Dean is going on a bender in Canada whether Sam likes it or not.
The cabin smells like coffee and bacon when he wakes up, though the windows are still dark. Cas’s pillow is rumpled like it’s been slept on. He’s not beside Dean but at the table talking quietly with Sam. The coffee pot on the table is empty. Dean is surprised he managed to sleep through the sounds of someone cooking.
“Don’t...don’t touch anything,” Dean says, suppressing the urge to gag. The smell has apparently reached everyone else because they all take a step away from the walls.
“Seriously? You’ve been a demon and I’ve been possessed by an angel, but a robot—that’s where you draw the line?”
Dean rubbed his face. Castiel expected to be scolded, but Dean took a deep breath and offered his hands, pulling Castiel to his feet. He kept an arm behind his back on the walk to the car and relinquished the keys to Sam.
On a hunt in Minnesota when Dean put himself between a ghoul and Sam, Castiel watched as he fell to the ground, covered in blood. It should have terrified him, seeing Dean hurt like that, but for once, Castiel had not been the one to hurt him. He was on his knees, hands framing Dean’s face, transferring grace into him as quickly as it would flow while Sam took care of the ghoul.
He smiled and went upstairs to gather his things. Besides his notebook, there was only his coat, the suit he’d been found in, and a few pieces of clothing he’d purchased from the thrift store. It took one minute to collect his life, another to remove the sheets and carry them to the laundry room. He bid farewell to people as he passed them in the halls. They accepted his goodbye easily. This was, after all, a place of frequent comings and goings.
Back at the house they have dinner and prepare for a second night at the pyramid. Dean suggests they head over in shifts so they can cover the whole night by trading off on sleep, but Sam says he wants to stay on site in case anything happens. They compromise by agreeing to go inside two at a time, with Jacob and Sam taking the first shift. Dean and Cas stay in the Impala watching for anomalies—or intruders, if Dean’s theory proves true. They switch after two hours, with the agreement to swap as soon as they need a break. Dean wasn’t confident that Jacob would last long in pitch blackness, but he seems in good spirits when he and Sam come back to the car.
When nothing happens, Dean raises his voice. “Jacob told us you were looking forward to having the world to yourself. You must be pretty pissed the apocalypse was stopped. My brother and I had a hand in that, so if you want to get mad, you go ahead and yell at us.”
“We’ll take it with us. They might have caught something.” Dean slips into the room and almost trips over Sam, who is bent down gathering the camera pieces from the ground.
He didn’t sleep. He sat in bed, knees tucked under his chin, and read by flashlight to stave off the dream. It came anyway, creeping in at dawn, finding him asleep with the book on his chest.
“He died a long time ago. He’s in Heaven now, I think. Your current body was rebuilt, so I guess you could say it’s yours?”
“You didn’t exactly choose ‘em thinking they were going to be long-term. Even when you switched up the coat, you still bought the same style. I just want to make sure you know that if you wanna wear something else or, hell, shave your head, it won’t change how I feel about you.”
“Sam said Jacob’s guest speaker lives in a different time zone. They’re recording around her schedule.”
“Just fine, thanks.” Dean goes to the counter. Two mugs are waiting. He glances at Cas. Six months ago he would’ve poured a cup for him without asking, but he’s not so sure today. “Cas, coffee?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Eric muttered, smacking the side of the machine with an open palm. Water poured from the dispenser—water, not orange juice. “I don’t get it—the concentrate bag’s brand new.”
That name from the man’s mouth—he knew it was his. He scrambled for the notebook and added a new line in the dark, rocking himself afterward.
He took out the slip of paper Marjorie had given him and studied Dean’s unfamiliar handwriting. He wrote neatly, in all capital letters. He’d printed his first name in the center of the page with a phone number underneath. The top of his five wasn’t quite connected to the rest of the number. Castiel traced the number with his finger, then put the paper away. Marjorie had said Dean was coming back tomorrow, so he would wait.
She had been here for two weeks. He wondered if he would ever see her again. He wondered every morning.
He hadn’t burned it up, exactly. It was already regenerating. Castiel could feel the strength returning to his body, but he knew that wasn’t Dean’s point. “I hate seeing you injured,” he said.
“Should I bring you something to clean up?” Castiel said after a while. They had settled against each other but not separated.
“Oh my god, this is fantastic,” Sam says, practically swooning. He shoves another forkful into his mouth.
Dean continued to look up at him expectantly. Cas’s feet were bare; he held a pair of shoes in his hand. His pants were soaked at the ankles. His feet had never been wet in this particular dream before. Dean reached for his hand.
Dean shook his head as if to say not to worry about it. “Where are you headed after this?” he asked Claire.
He called the office for a replacement, then went to the bathroom to wash his hands. The blood that dripped from his palm onto the white porcelain sink was Dean’s blood.
“Not more than a few yards past the turn. I’d come before sundown, so I was still able to see light from the exit behind me. After that, I didn’t think it was safe to go further by myself.”
Most of his history remained a puzzle. The nightmares hadn’t stopped. He was still without an explanation for them, but he had Dean’s assurance that there had been no fight in a warehouse.
“Oh.” Sam laughed. “There’s a book series based on our lives. The fans are pretty passionate. It’s best not to Google yourself. Ever.”
Castiel looked up hopefully, but Sam was shaking his head. “You tried to find it, for a long time, but you weren’t able to. That’s why…” Sam mimicked pulling something from his throat.
Castiel searched his feelings. He had no desire to hurt Dean, but he never did until it was too late. Still, if they were in public, maybe someone would be able to stop him if he...
The library was only a short walk from the shelter. Cas sometimes escaped there in the morning on his day off to hide among the stacks. No one paid him any mind or questioned why he stayed all day. The books smelled like leather and paper and dust. He liked the weight of a hardcover book in his hands. Words were fleeting, spoken and gone, but he could hold them in this form.
“I’ve read that penguins mate for life,” he said absently, peeling the wrapper away from the chocolate. It broke at angles when he bit into it. The ice cream underneath tasted like vanilla and began to melt in the heat.
After ten weeks, the man in the dream held out both hands, and for the first time, his words were clear.
Dean laughs against Cas’s chest. “I’m saying you should do what you want. You’ve played Jimmy long enough. If you want to lose the suit, I’ll take you to Walmart in the morning.”
“Not a moment goes by that I don’t want you beside me. Not one—no, don’t look away. Dean...angels weren’t created to feel what humans do. My father in His infinite wisdom never intended for me to be with you like this. In that way, it’s a miracle. I don’t know how to make you understand that, how extraordinary this is for me after all this time. I have done and seen so much, but I’ve never felt as strongly for anything as I do for you. That I made you believe otherwise is one of my greatest failures.”
They decided it was best if both brothers witnessed the removal in case anything went wrong. They watched a movie until Sam came home. He brought lunch. They ate, and when they had finished, Castiel solemnly rose from the table.
At three quarters out, Castiel adjusted his hands and Claire moaned. The sound broke his heart. He wouldn’t do this to her anymore. He pulled the plunger the rest of the way out, dragging with it a few final wisps of grace, and laid the syringe aside, fearful he’d drop it otherwise. He held out a bandage to Sam, who applied it to Claire’s neck and patted her hair, kneeling down on the floor with Dean. The two of them spoke to her quietly for a while. Sam handed her a tissue and she blew her nose.
Dean looked as though he were about to cry. He pressed his lips together and nodded several times, taking his hand away.
The bag was indeed new, so the problem lay elsewhere. The bag was orange when he touched it, and then it was blue, spilling over his hands, over the drip tray and onto the floor. He fumbled a phone between his ear and shoulder that wasn’t there.
Castiel wanted to open the door, and he wanted to run as far away from Dean as he could. If he went with him to Kansas, this would only continue. If he could convince Dean to go back to sleep, Castiel could sneak out before he woke up again, but Dean had tracked him here. Castiel believed he would look for him again. The only way to ensure Dean wouldn’t follow him was to make him understand.
“If it comes to that, we won’t think less of you if you don’t want to be there for that part,” Dean says.
, Jacob and Sam and Cas remind him) stands a good distance away from the fence line and looks pretty much like any other hill you’d expect to see in the area, covered over by thick grass and weeds like in the photos on Jacob’s walls. If he hadn’t known it wasn’t naturally occurring, he would have driven past without a glance in its direction. Small trees have popped up around the base, obscuring any slabs that might be visible. A few of them have rooted on the sloping sides to take advantage of the sunlight.
Dean has perked up since the mention of food. Jacob reheats a massive tray, and they sit in the living room balancing plates on their knees.
“You pulled me out of Hell a few years ago,” Dean said easily, reaching for his coffee. “Pulled Sammy out too. We saved the world together a couple times, kicked the crap out of some demons.”
He selected a book with two people on the cover—a man and a woman. A love story, it said. Marjorie quirked an eyebrow but didn’t comment. He left the book on the floor, to the left of his knee, while he completed writing down the contents of the boxes. It took an hour, and when he handed the list to her, it was time for him to go back to the kitchen. He took the book with him.
She widened her eyes and nodded, speaking around the food. “Yeah, I know. Look, I did what you want. You can stop sucking up to me now.”
Something in her face changed. If they’d been standing, he felt she would have taken a step backward. “You don’t know who I am?” she said.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” she said with a snort. She shook her head and headed for the exit, calling back over her shoulder. “I’ll see you, Castiel.”
Jacob’s eyes trail after him before snapping back to the table. “I just hope it won’t be like last time.”
“Claire,” Sam said. “You possessed her a few years back. It wasn’t for long, just a few minutes, but if there’s a chance there’s any of your grace left in her, maybe we can extract it.”
here? It didn’t feel familiar. He had no sense of ever having been inside of it, but Sam looked the way he did in photographs. He smiled at Castiel warmly and gave him a quick hug.
Sam gets out of the car and takes his bag from the trunk, getting to the door in three strides. He knocks twice and goes inside. With just the two of them left in the car, the atmosphere shifts into something uncomfortable. They haven’t seen this guy in a couple of years, and since then, a lot has happened. And some things that happened have un-happened, like the guinea pig that couldn’t handle road trips and is now in the care of a young girl named Melanie in Michigan. And then, well, there’s the two of them.
Castiel opened the sack and ate an apple while standing next to the wall. He took out the sandwich, bread, and cheese, chewing gratefully.
“You find your family yet?” Eric asked, obviously trying to diagnose Castiel’s mood, but Castiel had no wish to discuss it.
Dean pulls the Impala off of the road. They rumble over a field for a good half-mile until they reach a chain-link fence and Dean kills the engine, squinting over the steering wheel at what’s in front of them. The pyramid (
As time had passed and the dreams had only grown in intensity, his fear of knives had ballooned. He avoided handling the ones in the kitchen, opting to wash dishes or mop the floor. He was on the waiting list for a position as a sales associate in the thrift store. He’d liked the title as soon as he’d heard it. When Marjorie had described the responsibilities, he’d known it was something he could do. The hours were consistent; he could sleep later. The job included inventory management and handling money, and theft prevention. He would not be expected to handle a knife. Scissors, sometimes, to open a shipping box, to cut away fasteners, but not a knife. The words were a relief when they fell from her mouth, though she cast him a peculiar look.
“We’re all running away from something,” Marjorie said. “Sometimes it’s nice to have someone to run to.”
“Are you married?” Castiel asked, noticing Dean’s ring for the first time. Dean shook his head and threw a few dollars on the table as gratuity.
“Jacob tells us you found this place when it was ten thousand feet underground. Is that true?” He waits long enough for someone to answer. “Pretty incredible discovery. If it were me, I’d want people to know about it. Don’t you want credit for it?”
“I actually wanted to talk with you about that. The lore on angels is pretty poorly documented. It makes sense. You weren’t down here for a few millennia.” Sam marked his place in the book and set it down beside the photograph, then rocked back in his chair. “I’ve been trying to look into the effects of grace removal. What I found is mostly speculation, so all I really have to go off of is what we’ve seen.”
The Dean in the corner of the cage had blood in his teeth. “I’ll carve you up too,” he promised, even though he could not stand. He had sinned, but whether he was still righteous was not for Castiel to say. That was for God. Castiel pulled Dean into his arms and carried him, cursing, out of that place.
They enter the house through the screened porch. A broom that’s seen better days leans beside the door next to a worn-out welcome mat. Whatever greeting it used to offer has rubbed off. Most of the porch’s floor is taken up by an air mattress, and even though there are no glass windows, the room is dry despite the earlier storm thanks to a generous overhang.
“Cas, c’mon,” Dean said. He knelt on a stretch of sand, miles long, curving in the distance. Waves sloshed around his knees, soaking his pants, but he beamed up at Cas. “You gonna leave me down here all night?”
“Of course,” Sam says, bobbing his head in a quick bow. “Thank you. For talking to us. It’s an honor.”
Dean takes a drink and pretends to look out the window. It’s too dark to see much beyond the porch lights. “So, Cas. That disturbance you mentioned earlier. Any idea what it was?”
Dean had gone around to the other side and gotten into the car. He rolled down the passenger’s side window. “Did you forget something?” he said.
They moseyed through the lobby. Dean aimed a smile at a dark-haired young man behind the counter who was shamelessly flirting with his stoic coworker.
“What if you could see that plan and it scared you? What if...what if you found out that you weren’t a good person?”
Sam met his eyes. “No. And neither is Dean. If we didn’t want you with us, we wouldn’t have spent the last eighteen weeks looking for you. Please trust us.”
“I’m not sure. I can only remember the last four months. Everything else is fragments. I…Did Dean tell you about what happened in the hotel?”
Castiel’s hands were shaking. His fingertips hovered above Dean’s skin, but in Sam’s grip, he couldn’t reach him.
He and Dean didn’t talk until Sam had left. Dean stayed seated, but when the door closed, he flattened his hands on top of the table and pushed upright.
“He said he’s been looking for you for a while, got a call that you were here. He brought a few pictures of you.” She smiled. “You look good with a tan.”
Dean reluctantly sits up and buttons his pants, but leaves his shirt untucked and looks in the mirror to fix his hair, even though there’s no point. Sam knows what they’re up to by now. Cas has adjusted his shirt and pants, but the tie is loose around his neck. Dean takes it off of him and folds it, tucking it into Cas’s pocket. He straightens his collar, leaving the top two buttons undone. Cas’s skin looks blue in the moonlight. Dean returns his mouth to his neck and lets the phone tumble back into the footwell.
It had occurred to him that he hadn’t belonged there, that he should leave, but he’d shivered inside a thin trench coat, frightened of the overwhelming blankness in his head.
The next breath Dean draws is unsteady. “That’s...that was a hell of a speech.” He rubs the back of his neck over and over. His face is on fire. He has no idea what to say but can feel Cas’s eyes on him almost like a physical weight. “Cas, I…”
Sam’s eyes widened and he smiled. Castiel continued to pull back on the plunger, doing his best to keep his trembling hands steady.
Castiel nodded and finished the sandwich before going to the sink to wash his hands. He ran the tap hotter than usual and recoiled from the sting.
He woke gasping and threw the covers back, stumbling to the bathroom just in time to drop to his knees in front of the toilet before he was sick. Dean called his name, but Castiel slammed the bathroom door, locking it before Dean could follow him inside.
The first gave him a name: Dean Winchester. Cas had never seen that name before, but it was repeated in the list of results, and always next to it was another—
The breakfast service began slowly. Residents and vagrants herded past the serving station. He gave them spoonfuls of scrambled eggs, and stacks of pancakes hee’d ensured were evenly sized and browned on both sides.
He sat on the floor with his legs crossed and removed books one at a time, writing down the title and author, and whether the book was intended for adults or children. He liked the children’s books the best. He opened those, mindful not to crack the spine, and laid them across his lap to look at the pictures. They often told a story, but sometimes they were very simple: a guide to colors, a guide to textures.
“The suit is comfortable but I appreciate the sentiment.” Cas strokes Dean’s hair and sighs. “It might look out of place tomorrow, though. On a vacation.”
“I know. I just don’t get why he had to drag me along on his vacation. He could’ve flown out and saved the time.”
Claire squeezed Sam’s hand as Castiel gently pushed the needle through her skin. She cursed, sucking in air through her teeth.
Seeing the look on Dean’s face, Sam said, “It’s no good to wait. For all we know, the rate it’s breaking down might speed up.” He got up from the table. “I’m going out for a while. You guys can…”
At a crossroads, Jacob has him take a left instead of going straight, which would lead toward his house.
Dean had undressed and gotten under the covers by the time Castiel came out of the bathroom. He’d left on the lamp on Castiel’s side of the bed. The red cover was pulled back halfway, hanging crooked off of the end of the bed. Dean was covered to his shoulders by the white sheet. He was turned away from Castiel, facing the window.
The thing doesn’t react to Sam’s voice, just takes another step, then another. Dean drops to the ground like his dad taught him in the aftermath of the fire, pressing himself against the wall. The air is cooler there. He takes a couple deep breaths despite the stench. Castiel moves with it, continuing to shield Dean, touching the crown of his head lightly as they pass. For a moment, he can’t feel the heat, though Dean catches the oddly sweet scent of Cas’s trenchcoat’s burning.
He started when he saw Castiel approaching, relief bare on his face. It slid into a smile as radiant as the one Dean always gave him when they stood together on a beach. He got up and walked toward Castiel.
He dropped his eyes to his lap and slowly nodded. He liked this book, but it would be better to read one meant for adults. The driver’s license with a picture that matched his face said that he was forty-two years old. He felt both younger and somehow far more ancient.
The most recent image came in four hours earlier, and a trip to the site reveals nothing but a busted trail cam lying twenty feet from where they left it. Like during yesterday’s trip to the site, their equipment doesn’t register anything out of the ordinary. Dean still thinks the photos could be of humans wearing anti-infrared clothing and some face paint, but Sam and Jacob titter like a couple of kids who know exactly what’s waiting for them beneath the Christmas tree.
As the days went past, Castiel thought more about what Sam had said. Maybe the dreams were nothing more than the residue of what Heaven had done to him, fused with fragments of what he could remember. He trusted them less and less as the days went on.
Lunch turns into second helpings, then dinner, then raiding the cabinets for snack food while they wait for the sun to go down. As suspected, there isn’t a decent bottle of liquor in the place, but Jacob turns up a lone can of Rolling Rock and a few mango spiked seltzers.
“After you,” he said, holding it open for him with a half smile. His voice was back to normal, but Castiel still worried he’d overstepped. With a sigh, he walked back toward the car.
He couldn’t remember his home, but he was certain this wasn’t it. He balled his hands and got out of the squad car, then allowed an officer to escort him inside.
“Claire and I were talking,” Sam said. “Since it’s afternoon, there aren’t that many people in the hotel. This might be the best time to do it.”
The thing rises suddenly, its entire surface cracking like glass into a web of fiery lines. It bends at the knees—they flare orange when it does—and leaps down into the hole with them, shaking the ground so hard it trembles and the pyramid’s sides rain dirt. When it moves, the surface of the thing cracks open, revealing the molten layer beneath. Even at a distance it’s hotter than a bonfire—a living rock. Cas throws out his arms, shielding Dean from the heat, but it’s unbearable. The only relief is to step backwards inside the pyramid. Cas and the thing follow.
Castiel held his breath. Hands trembling, he reached for the syringe. Sam had inserted a new glass vial and sterilized the needle. All four inches of it gleamed. Castiel couldn’t say that he had held this syringe before, but with it in his hands, he suddenly knew what he was doing. He could picture the process with clarity.
“It’s an optical illusion,” Jacob says. “The land around it used to be pretty flat, so the slope was sharper.”
She poked around in the remains of the syrup lake on her plate. “If I need you to play my dad again, are you game?”
“Heard something happened to you. Real sorry,” the officer had continued. His voice had been sympathetic. The patch on his shoulder was the same deep blue as his uniform and depicted a human with feathers in his hair. The patch said “Pontiac Police.”
Up close, Dean sees clues that the hill isn’t a natural structure. Brushing the plants aside, he can make out the seams between large, rectangular stone blocks: perfect ninety-degree angles that keep it from being something naturally occurring. It’s taller than it seemed at a distance, towering so high it blocks the sun, which is sitting low in the west, caught in a line of trees.
“We could start back tonight,” Dean said. “But the room’s paid through morning and I’m beat. Do you mind if we crash here for the night?”
Dean was at his side, lowering him to the sidewalk and murmuring, “Hey, it’s okay.” He touched Castiel long enough to make sure he wouldn’t fall, then pulled his hands back. Castiel shook everywhere. He drew up his knees and let his forehead rest against them, praying that no one inside had seen what happened just now.
Castiel stilled. He couldn’t be sure, but he felt this was his first time hearing those words. He smiled against Dean’s neck. “I know.”
The dream had terrified Castiel to the point where he was afraid to hold a knife at breakfast. He chose oatmeal instead of the pancakes he’d wanted, but even the silver flash of the spoon’s handle made him jittery. He forced the food down his throat in a few bites, grateful that the quiet routine of the thrift store lay ahead.
After another eighty miles, they packed into a booth at a family restaurant five hours from Lebanon. Sam sat next to Claire, whose long hair spilled out of a green hooded sweatshirt that had seen better days. Although the food smelled good, Castiel didn’t have an appetite. He’d only taken a few bites of a turkey sandwich, leaving the fries for Dean. Wisps of a spiderweb waved from the light fixture above the table.
Their server, a man named Luke in a red apron with four stars, brought their bill. Dean took it up front to pay and kept a hand on Castiel’s back on the way out of the restaurant.
He closed the browser in embarrassment and took sanctuary in an art book. He flipped through plate after plate, but no matter how many masterpieces he appreciated, he couldn’t shake what he’d seen.
He sought out Eric, who was in the kitchen preparing the potatoes for tomorrow morning. He wiped his hands and gave Castiel a hug.
They had breakfast with Sam and Dean afterward. Claire devoured a waffle smothered in strawberries and whipped cream.
“I won’t hurt him,” Cas thought, but killed him a few moments later in spite of the declaration. He held the man in his arms afterward, cradled against his chest.
The ground caught him. It hadn’t hurt as he feared. He could feel the cool grass underneath his fingertips, the scent of damp soil. It had recently rained. Slowly he opened his eyes. The world was dark. No, that wasn’t quite right. It was merely nighttime wherever he was. The moon was out.
He ripped open the zoo cage. In the corner, Dean’s soul was curled in on itself with a knife in its hand, laughing. His soul was fractured, tainted. The shape of a human. It was covered in blood that wasn’t his own. Castiel glanced over his shoulder, outside the cage. Dean was standing there too, still holding the bars, watching.
Dean’s waiting for them to laugh at him, but sure enough, on the fifth image, the dark area in the lower right of the photo gets suddenly darker, then lightens again in the remaining frames.
“Jake’s been trying to convince us to visit for a while,” Sam says from the passenger’s seat. He has the window rolled down. The air is tossing his hair like something out of a TV drama and leaves Dean’s eyes dry.
Dean sat on the bed and patted the space beside him. “It’s all in there somewhere,” he said. Castiel sat down next to him. He studied Dean’s eyes. Up close, they were the mossy green he’d dreamed of so many times.
From the name, Dean expects a beaten trail at the water’s edge, but the trail is hard-packed gravel with railings where the drop-off is too steep, and wide enough for them to walk as a group. They pass fishing boats and a long two-story building that might be apartments or a hotel. To their left, benches are positioned to face the water. Past the building is a large park and then a forested area before the path turns. They stop to listen to the water rolling in over dark rocks just beneath the surface. The water here is clear, bluer than water he’s seen on other parts of the coast. In the distance, small islands break up the horizon.
A server brought out their food. They chatted while they ate. Castiel continued to ask about details from his nightmares.
“People come and go from here all the time. Don’t you worry about it, though I’ll be sorry to lose you. You’re my best associate.”
Castiel lifted his head to kiss him. Dean’s lips tasted like strawberries. Dean took Castiel’s face in his hands and kissed him more deeply. Castiel could feel Dean’s heart beating. He could feel his own erection between his thighs.
Jacob laughs. “I came here to make sense of everything that happened but ended up liking the area. Seemed like a good place to hide. At the time, I was worried that people from two governments were looking for me, so I picked a new last name and paid cash for a used trailer. Hooked up at a campsite sometimes but mostly kept to myself. When I realized no one was after me, I went back home for my things. House was up for sale. Bank had repossessed it after I died. I took my research and some cash I had stashed in a lockbox, got my current place cheap in a tax sale. Lived on savings until I could get myself declared legally alive again. I kept the new name, though. The hill’s there, on your right.”
He moves by memory, hands sliding down Cas’s chest and inside of the trench coat, pushing it from his shoulders. The suit is wrinkled from days in the car but fresh like it’s just back from the dry cleaners, no hint of smoke. Cas has already erased it. Dean never imagined he’d have a thing for guys in suits, but he loves the sight of the black material once the coat comes off, the white shirt inside of that, Cas’s tanned skin. He’s maintained Jimmy’s vacation glow all these years.
They squeeze around the stone door and walk back down the corridor to where Cas and Jacob are waiting near the exit. There’s no more sunlight from outside.
Oh. A TV sits above the fireplace. He’d turn it on as a distraction but doesn’t see a remote. He almost wishes for a ticking clock.
“Hello?” he says into the room. “If there’s someone here, can you give us a sign? You can mess with this device I’m holding, make the lights go off, or you can drain the batteries on my brother’s flashlight.”
He pulled a navy blanket from the closet. As he did so, something fluttered from the shelf and fell face down on the floor. It was the size of his palm, rectangular and white. Curious, Castiel bent down to retrieve it, planning to put it back. But when he saw what was on the other side, he froze.
“Better greet our host,” he says, slapping his thighs as he stands. His lower back screams in protest. He rubs at it futilely and keeps a hand on it as he goes to the basement.
“Is this all there is down this way?” Sam says, standing up. He examines the four corners of the room and the ceiling. “I don’t see any more doors.”
Sam put a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he went past, patting twice. Castiel briefly raised a hand to put on top of it, resting his palm on the back of Sam’s hand.
Dean squints. The fiery light from the god momentarily illuminates the space around it, and Dean becomes aware of something else in the corridor. Even in the reflected light it remains ink black, like a walking shadow. With every step it comes closer, Dean gets a sense of its size: almost as tall as the god waiting for it but more narrow in build. He aims the flashlight in their direction. The god walking toward them seems to absorb the beam. It takes notice of him then, lifting its face, opening its eyes. When they meet his, the intensity is like looking into the sun.
He leaned forward. “Who am I?” he said, but she only laughed humorlessly and drummed her hands on the table once before getting up.
“We can talk about that later,” he said. He nodded to the ring and the identification, but they felt as foreign to Castiel as Jimmy’s name. “Anything?”
“I don’t want to lie to you, but there’s a lot of other stuff you need to understand, and I really don’t think this is the time to go over it.”
“What do you say, tomorrow we head back down to the water. Just the two of us. There was a seafood place I wanted to try.”
He decided to pass the time on the internet. A librarian walked with him to a computer station and helped him log in. She was the same librarian who had taught him to use a computer. He greeted her by name. Keeping the religious texts in sight, Cas rested his hands on the keyboard. The screen instructed him to search for something.
Sam glances to his left. “Actually...Jacob was about to make lunch. He thinks it might be better if we go closer to sundown. Less chance of someone seeing us. You don’t mind relaxing for a day, do you?”
