“Any emergencies going on today?” Tony asked as he topped up his cup and shuffled over to the table. “Hey, out of my seat, Katniss.”
That had made Indries pause for a long moment, mentally trying to figure out how cups with screw lids were a good thing for drinking glasses, and how she could change it to make it worse. For the wedding planning, Indries had held true to form, and they were getting married in a barn with a color theme of brown and black. The cake was black and white spotted and topped with two plastic cows, noses touching like they were kissing. Indries had sent a picture and Steve had laughed his ass off while Tony fumed. The whole thing already seemed weird and over the top to him, why not toss some cows in there? Nothing wrong with cows, though he and Tony would technically be bulls. Or wolves? Ok, maybe Tony had a point about the cake toppers.
Sam flew the jet to Des Moines and followed the sound of explosions. He landed the quinjet on the roof of a building and the team got out. Steve surveyed the situation from the roof. Three hundred people in matching uniforms were marching through the streets, all carrying heavy guns that were presumably enhanced with Chitari tec. There was heavy damage to all the nearby buildings; both Captain Marvel and the spider kid were struggling to keep a building from collapsing entirely as Vision phased people outside to safety. Rhodey was also working on evac, working with the police to clear out the buildings and streets and protecting the people as they passed the small militia of men with high tec guns. That just left Tony. Steve scanned the skies until he spotted him, dogging between buildings. He had a new suit, and the bottom half was grey which was interesting. He would have to ask about it later. For now, they had work to do. He started calling out orders.
Above them there was a faint beeping and they all tensed, forming a circle and facing outwards with weapons at the ready.
It sounded stupid to Tony even as he said it. They couldn’t all win. Eventually they were going to  have to turn on each other. He didn’t want to think about it.
“Natasha says a lot of things.” Stupid Natasha. He didn’t know why he ever told her about liking Tony.
When Tony next awoke, it was in bed in a quiet room. The sheets were soft under his hands, and as he sat up his back felt fine. He swung his feet over the side of the bed, and stood up easily, resting his hand on the bed post for balance. He found a simple shirt and trousers on a table next to the bed, and got dressed. He pushed open the door, and cautiously made his way down the hallway, following the sound of voices. The room ended up being a kitchen, where Steve and several others from the Dragon Guard were sitting around a table and arguing.
Tony thanked him and made his way upstairs to knock on Steve’s door. It opened, and they took a second to talk each other in.
“I second that!” Yelled Sam as he swooped by, slicing through the birds with smoke trailing from his wings in dissolving ribbons.
“Well the good news is that if you survive, it wouldn’t be against company policy to ask him out. He’s a contractor whose contract ended. Quit paying for tours, and you’re in the clear.”
There was the loud beep of a parachute, and Tony looked up to the sky. Why were they getting gifts now? The first parachute dropped to the ground in front of them and Yinsen twisted it open. Inside was a tube of chapstick, the cheapest item you could send. Tony knew this because one year a group of pranksters had spent the whole games bombarding some poor tribute with thousands of useless chapsticks, much to the entertainment of the citizens watching back home.
He should have taken a picture of the food before they ate it all, it had been an impressive spread. Still, the occasion of enjoying such ambrosia needed to be recorded and he hadn’t posted anything yet today. He scooted around the table to be on the same side as Steve and took a picture of them in front of all the empty plates, Tony grinning wide and Steve slightly more hesitant beside him.
A few moments later Jan knocked on the window with gentle concern. He didn’t look up, and after a minute she went away. He sat in the car for what felt like hours, thinking in circles. There was no way to get the money in time. They were screwed. He had failed his family traditions, hundreds of years of legacies, his Ma, his pack. They had three weeks before they lost everything. Where would they go? What would they do? They had lived on the ranch their whole lives, they didn’t know how to do anything besides raise milk cows. None of them had a highschool education. They were home schooled before that, to limited success. Best thing to do would be to take ‘em out back and put ‘em down.
Tony agreed and they went downstairs, where Clint was perched on top of his new fridge like a bird. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose like a headache was coming on.
Tony pushed past Steve to bend over and rest his elbows on the desk. He placed the check face down on the desk in front of him. “We-” he gave Stern glare for ignoring him when they first walked in. “-are here to pay off the fifteen grand.”
Stane shook his head. “We all have jobs, real jobs, we can't drop everything for summer work. And those real jobs pay enough that we can buy the meat from the store.
Without the heavy smell of cigar smoke in the air, Stane smelt wrong, unnatural. He smelt dangerous. Stanes face contorted in rage and he slapped Tony, the sound ringing loud through the barn. People in the audience gasped and stood. Steve caught Tony as he stumbled back, his cheek red and his eyes wide with shock. Tony’s groomsmen joined the Roger pack in facing off against Stane. The numbers were looking good until a group of rough looking men entered the barn and joined the ring of guards already surround Stane. Suddenly they were drastically outnumbered. As Bucky snarled Steve realized that they must have been the goons Stane had hired to kill his pack. Steve growled too, low and threatening, ready to shift at a moment’s notice.
Tony frowned. The guy who had ruined their perfectly nice show? He didn’t want to talk about him. The contestant had sounded so sure of what he had been saying, filled with righteous rage as he spat out his accusations. He had gotten under Tony’s skin more than he wanted to admit, so he played it off.
Now that was the correct reaction to getting a free fridge. Clint and Tony helped the delivery man unbox it, and they plugged it into the sole outlet in the lobby. The bright silver fridge seemed out of place against the dirty eggshell walls and flickering lights, like it was a monolith that had risen alien like from the ground to take over the world and also provide cold beverages.
“Dragons cannot bond with more than one person. It is a single intertwining of heart and soul,” explained a woman with short brown hair.
Despite his confident words, the repulsor flickered and went out. Tony banged it against the table a few times and it stayed dark. He frowned at it, but decided to let it go and put on the rest of the suit. He stepped up to the raised platform and yellow arms descended to  place and tighten the interlocking metal plates.Tony continued over the sounds of machinery. “Besides, it’s not like I need to bring my A game today. I mean really, it’s just birds. Not even giant, mutated acid spitting birds. I’d ask how hard could it be if I didn’t want to jinx myself.”
Steve hid his face against her side, his hands clutching desperately at her scales. Under his hand Tony could feel Liberty’s heart slowing. His other hand was tucked tightly across his chest, trying to keep it from further harm. With that arm he could feel the beat of his own heart. Steady, strong.
Tony slid down the way to sit on the floor, holding his shoulder. Fifteen minutes later the peacekeeper let Tony back in. He immediately looked at the glass, shimmering with water droplets where it had been freshly washed.
Clint paused from tossing hay bales to look over at his cousin. Steve threw the bale from the truck with unnecessary force, and one of the strings snapped, sending hay skittering across the dirt in a yellow wave of stalks.
“I’m mature! I can totally handle it.” Tony insisted. Suddenly he didn’t feel like a maverick for going off script, he felt more like a disobedient child who had colored outside the lines and now his father didn't want to hang it up on the fridge.
“Roger that? What? No, that's a terrible plan!” yelled Tony. “You're going to walk up to the guy who's putting on his own little rendition of Hitchcock's ‘The Birds’ and ask him nicely to stand down and hold out his hands to be arrested? I thought you were supposed to be the man with a plan, Spangles.”
Tony finished putting on his armor, and gave his gauntlet one last whack on the table. It remained dark. “Well, until I have a chance to bang the dents out of this tin can I’m not going to turn down any extra luck. I’ll be back in an hour or two, don’t wait up.”
When they wrapped up their meeting in Sam’s room, Steve had no idea what the other two had said. Though he felt guilty, it was fine, they would have no problem speaking up in the meeting tomorrow if there was something else important to add. And really, what was there to say beyond warning everyone of the coming threat and reinforcing the value of a full team? He went back to his own room and changed into pajamas and fell into bed. Packing and traveling always took a lot out of him. He rolled over and stared at the ceiling. There was a decent chance that he would be seeing Tony tomorrow, and though he had ignored Sam at the time, his advice now haunted him. What do you say to the man who used to be the love of your life?
Steve let go of his ankle and laid down beside him. Tony buried his head in Steve’s shoulder and let out a sigh of relief.
“It would be certain death to send in the foot soldiers without first bringing down the walls of the castle. They would die a bloody death by arrow and boiling oil long before any of them could get inside. And they are vulnerable to the weapons of the planes as well.” Steve countered. “The castle walls are fortified against even the strongest battering ram, the palisades are armed with traps, and inside some of the toughest mercenaries in the seven lands take their leisure. Loki is clever beyond measure and has had time to plan for any attack. This battle may require heavy sacrifices.”
Tony had been three when he got his first nightmare about the games. At the age of two, he hadn’t understood what was going on. The TV had pretty moving colors, and he liked sitting with his family. Everyone was there, Mother and Jarvis and even his Father! Father was never around, this was a rare treat.
Steve tossed the ball to him and Tony managed to knock it high enough that he had to jump to catch it.
There were several loud bangs and the doors to the office were kicked open, the Avengers rushing in with Shield behind them and Steve leading the way. The last thing Tony saw before the world blurred away was Steve reaching for him, agonized look on his face.
“And now I’m here, and it’s surprisingly nice, when you’re not moping. So now it’s your turn. Tell me what happened to your pack.”
Tony couldn’t see his face with Steve’s mouth pressed up close to his ear so he couldn’t tell what he was feeling.
“Please make the room stop spinning,” Steve begged, bunching Tony’s shirt up in his fingers as he tried to orient himself. “They said it was cake and now everything is weird and I don’t like it.”
“And I had never seen humans fly through the sky on wings of metal and wood, yet one still wounded me and killed my friend and his rider.” Tony winced, and Liberty continued. “The rules to life are far more flexible than one might think, and Steven and I were the first to bond, less than five years ago. There are no experts on this.” She tilted her head, noticing Tony’s discomfort. “Why are you sad? This is a joyous thing.”
There was a load roar outside and the back wall of Tony’s cell exploded inward as a dragon fell into the side of the prison. The dragon forced itself back up, leaving a hole in the side of the building. Tony was knocked off his feet from the impact, and clutched at his leg where he was hit by rubble.
“Your human form is going to have better sight and better feeling, especially in the hands. Focus on that. What do you see?”
Steve cut him off by pulling him into a hug. He could feel Tony's heart beating frantically against his chest as he ran a hand through his hair. Tony grabbed fist fulls of his shirt, and he pressed his face tightly to his shoulder. Steve made small humming noises, not a song, just small pieces of melodies as he felt Tony gradually relax, and his heart calm.
Bucky let go of his arm like he was burned, and Steve brushed past him to go into his room. It wasn’t until he turned to shut the door and saw Bucky’s shocked look that he realized that Bucky was now left thinking either he lied and was eating alone in his room, or that Tony was sleeping with him. Which was technically true, but not in the sense his brother would assume. He could already hear Bucky telling him that he was in too deep, that he had lost perspective. He shut the door with a sigh.
Steve nodded despite the fact that Tony usually started more fires than he put out, and Tony got up to help. Natasha quickly settled into his space, and Sam beside her.
He shut the pad off before putting it back down on the table so all the others could see was a black screen.
Clint and Jan already knew where this was going. Clint grabbed the cranberry juice from the fridge, Jan the plastic cups, and they all ran outside in the dark down to the pond, Tony bouncing up and down on Steve’s shoulder. When they reached the shores of the pond, Steve set a disgruntled Tony back on his feet. Tony brushed his hair back into place and tugged his shirt straight. “Oh thank god, I thought you were going to throw me in.”
“I’m getting married!” He yelled back gleefully. His joy immediately switched to panic. They had an hour before they needed to drive out, and Steve spent ten minutes getting ready and the rest of the time pacing while Clint snacked and threw peanuts at him.
The Capital was filled with so many cruel stupid malicious people, people who lived their lives in complete excess and waste, and now Steve, the best man Tony had ever met, the kindest, bravest, most genuine person, was going to die for their entertainment and they wouldn’t care, and Tony would have to go back to face them, alone.
"Don't I know it." Steve said with a sigh and lead the team onto the jet. Soon they were in the air heading towards the city limits. When they got there, Tony was already standing next to Captain Britain, fiddling with a piece of machinery while the Captain fended off the birds. Steve hopped out of the jet before it was fully on the ground and stalked over.
Tony stepped forward, hands raised non threateningly. “No murdering until I fix the washer so we can get the blood out of the clothes. Come on Jan, it’s only fair that you help me, since you were the one to break it. And maybe we could have a talk? I’m not some repairman you hired, I’m not leaving once I fix all of your old appliances.”
Steve shifted from foot to foot. “Yeah, global override. Covered the jets, his suits, any lock or door in the compound. He would have disabled it the second we went rogue.”
Another man scoffed. Happy, he had worked in the stables. “Those are children’s tales. There’s not a speck of truth to any of it.”
They stood in silence. Was this a comfortable silence or a awkward one? Was there a way to find out? Could he decide it was a nice silence and leave it at that? If he said something, they’d probably fight. Was that bad? He kinda liked the fighting they were doing on the way over here, it felt more playful than mean. Did Tony see it that way? Did he like him? He was overthinking things, lost in his head like usual. What was his problem again? Not an assassin? That wasn’t it. Not intense enough. His problem was that he was dull. His idea of showing a guy a good time was taking him to meet his cows. That drunk girl was right, he needed to up his game to impress a big city guy like Tony who had already been everywhere and done everything. Not sure how he’d do that, with three bucks to his name.
“You and Tony have another fight?” he guessed, trying to figure out why he was on the floor. Steve shook his head sadly.
“But they are vulnerable to the catapults and planes. Taking them would be tantamount to a death sentence. For at least half, if not all of them, and us along with them.”
Thor led everyone back downstairs and to the great hall. Loki had invested heavily in the wine cellar and soon drinks flowed freely. Thor sat at the head of the table, with Steve and Tony in a spot of honor by his side. Thor held his cup aloft and held a toast.
Every person in the Capital went through training every month on how the peacekeepers were their friends and were there to keep them safe. That’s why they could be found on every street corner, and had the authority to search your house with no warning. Some people said it was invasive, but those people always ended up having their homes searched and were quickly locked up for illegal activities. There was no reason to fear the peacekeepers unless you had something to hide. And Tony had nothing to hide, he loved the Capital. He had devoted his life to making defenses to keep it safe.
Tony pulled Steve’s hand away from his chest and looped it over his back. He reached his own arm around Steve’s back and rubbed his shoulders gently while Steve held the fabric of Tony’s shirt tightly in his fist, to keep him from going anywhere and ruining the moment.
“God no, you've got the personality of a wet dish towel. Just… just like, get off your ass, and go talk to people. It's not that hard, and I'm sure you'll find someone as boring as yourself eventually. Christ, I need another drink.”
Tony had put his name in, more to make Steve happy than out of any expectation that he would win. It had been a surprise when the ballots were counted and Tony’s name came back with twice as many votes as the next highest name.
Tony shook his head. “Nah, I spent my recesses inside studying. My dad was a big believer in brain over brawn.”
The Capitol has ruled over the districts from generations, and I’m not going to let you mess it up.”
Tony grinned back, though his head was pounding. He didn't know who this guy was, but he liked his sass. “It's possible, not like anyone ever gave me an instruction manual. And if they did, I can promise you I wouldn't read it.”
Tony looked up from his phone to eye the woman bouncing up and down in front of him. She was late twenties, maybe a few years younger than he was, with long blonde hair and a face like a model. He looked her up and down appreciatively. Despite his annoyance with fans accosting him when he wanted to be left alone to get a coffee, this might be a conversation worth pursuing.
Natasha tried to defuse the situation. “There's nothing more we can do right now. I'll talk to my contacts and Tony can have his computers run a search program.” She turned to Brian. “We’ll let you know as soon as we get a hit. Until then, try to find answers to Cap’s questions.”
“Move and I shoot you.” Tony growled, his eyes too sharp to have been sleeping, his hand encased in a gauntlet.
Tony wanted to curse at him. The self sacrificing jerk was relieved not to win. Why would it be such a bad thing, for Steve to go home? He could go back to his best friend and maybe he’d be upset for a few months, sure, but he’d be alive, and if Tony had to go, he’d rather do it knowing Steve was safe. It might even make this whole terrible experience worth it, to know that he had helped to get Steve out safely. Tony squinted at the remaining arrows, the feathers all sticking up high. If he drew the winning arrow, could he give it to Steve?
Clint leaned against his pitchfork and squinted at his older cousin. “Where are you going with this?”
“Steve, you don't negotiate with nothing, Stane has to be getting something out of this deal. He didn't get to be head of two hundred of the richest wolves in America by helping out every wolf with a sob story.” Jan scolded.
Tony startled violently, and half stood, before Steve tugged him back down. “So it is true? You can hear her?”
After a long fifteen minutes, there was finally a wave from the office he was waiting for. He gave his pack one last stern look, and walked over. Steve entered the neat office, which mostly filled with a fake wooden desk and the squinting man behind it. A picture of a lake hung on the back wall, like it was pretending to be a window under the harsh glare of fluorescent lights. A clock ticked quietly in the corner. What was it with offices and clocks? Did they really need to know the time down to the very second? Even without werewolf hearing, the ticking had to get grating. Honestly, smashing it would be doing him a favor.
Steve put the rag he was using in the backpack and handed Tony a piece of jerky. Tony gnawed on it halfheartedly. With everything hurting, it didn’t leave him with much of an appetite. Steve took some jerky too and finished it off in a few bites. They were going to need to find Natasha or Clint soon, their food was limited and neither of them were hunters. While Tony’s mind wandered Steve had moved closer. He swung a leg over Tony’s and sat so he was sitting across Tony’s thighs, his arms resting on his shoulders. Tony’s arms came up reflexively to rest on Steve’s hips. Oh, this was a blessing. Steve was relatively light and he helped to block some of the wind so it felt like a little cocoon of safety and warmth between them. Tony tried to subtly pull him closer, shifting him down his thighs into his lap. Steve allowed himself to be nudged, leaning forward until their chests were touching.
Steve’s voice was cold. “You are a traitor and a murderer. You deserve to die a hundred times over for your crimes.”
Steve was alive, he was really alive, solid and firm and real, the strength of his arms pulling Tony closer and holding him tight, the two of them holding onto each other like if they let go for a second the other person would disappear.
“We were able to find a sheltered spot further down the river and ride out the blaze,” the girl explained. “It was smokey but we survived. We’re still looking for Thor. Who’s your friend?”
He went inside and dumped three cans of ravioli into a pot. He hated ravioli, he had no clue why there were thirty cans of it in his house. Maybe Clint had bought it. Buying thirty cans of Chef Boyardee seemed like something he would do. Steve probably needed to take over responsibility for grocery shopping. The stove was broken so he put it in the oven to warm up. Steve grabbed twenty bowls out of habit, then put them back and only set out three. Then he had to go back again to grab a fourth. By time he finally had the right number, the food was warmed through since the oven had two settings; off or volcano. He took the pasta out of the oven, gave it a stir and put it on a towel on the table. The table was so old and beat up that one more hot pan wouldn't make a difference, Steve just thought a towel looked nice and he wanted to be fancy because they had a guest. A guest who probably ate caviar twice a week and wouldn't be impressed by canned ravioli and a dirty towel. At least he couldn't see the bottom of the table, that was where he and Bucky used to carve swears with their pocket knives to make Clint laugh and Jan blush. His Ma had never figured out that her dinner table had had the word ‘fuck’ carved into it about eighteen times in varying degrees of legibility. They had also all carved their names in large blocky letters. Steve and Bucky, written right next to each other, so close that the bottom of the Y touched the top of the T. Jan, written more legibly and straight than the others. And finally Clint’s written the largest, with the letters so crooked you wouldn’t be able to read it if you didn’t know what it was supposed to say. His handwriting hadn’t improved since then, Steve thought with a snort. He walked to the door and stuck his head out. “Grubs up! Get in here!”
Tony continued. “Good. My secret is, that there is a whole world of supernatural creatures out there, existing right beneath your very noses. And though I appear normal to you now, I have powers of the most wicked kind. I have the unnatural ability to transform myself from the normal human you see before you, into a twisted amalgamation that is equal parts a creature most dreadful.”
The next morning Steve woke up to his alarm clock, worrying about the ranch, just like every other morning since the event he didn't think about. The event he thought to much about. The event that he couldn't forget or let go of because it was too important to just let go of, Clint, don't you even care-- and then his second alarm on his watch went off.
“I trust him.” Steve replied, looking at Fury with an easy smile, “He’s got a good face. Must be the eyepatch.”
Steve slammed his hips back in, letting go of Tony’s shoulder to rest his forehead against the bite, chasing his own release. Tony ground back against him, helping Steve as much as he could.
Tony was hard at work, in ratty jeans and a tank top. He had a button-down shirt knotted around his waist that he must have taken off when it got too warm because now more of his tanned skin was revealed to Steve’s gaze. Those deceiving biceps that held more muscle mass than they first appeared and the strong defined shoulders peeking out of the vest top.
“Okay.” Steve muttered into his stomach, “Okay.” He pushed his head back, hands slipping up Tony’s legs, “I’ll go talk to Nat. We need to find out where Rumlow’s moved production of the bombs in the city. I’ll talk to Fury, see if we can lead a trail for Ross to follow. Maybe T’Challa can use some pull to discredit my name. If we can prove Steve Rogers did die in Afghanistan, then Ross might not bother running the tests to prove he’s The Captain. We need evidence though, something he can’t dispute.”
“Rhodey… will understand.” Tony sighed, “I hope. He’ll trust me. He’ll know if I’m doing this then there is a good reason. Besides, he hates Ross.”
Tony leans over for the condom and the bottle of lube, sliding the condom over Steve’s length in a move that is somewhat intimate and makes Steve want to blush for some reason. Tony seems to have no such sensibilities because then he is squeezing lube into his palm and slicking up Steve’s cock like he’s part of a car engine.
This was better. This little private moment as they danced in the hallway away from prying eyes. It was more intimate like this, without the world watching. It was just them. Tony hummed softly, the music coming through the corridor to guide them although neither was listening to it as they moved together. It wasn’t really dancing, there was no skill to it. They were simply holding each other and swaying but it was perfect. Steve could feel Tony’s heat, his mood was infectious.
“What was that earlier tonight? That hand on my ass whilst we were talking to Hammer.” Tony asked him softly, eyes fixed on the task at hand. He was changing the subject, Steve jumped on it.
A shot rang out. Not from Steve and he felt the bullet slice through the meat of his side. It was a graze, the bullet nicked him and sailed past to lodge into the wall behind him.
“I’ll go see if Thor is in his room, get this body moved.” She said, placing her sponge back into the bucket, “Bright side? You finally have a reason to call your mechanic.”
“If you wanted me to trust you then you should have told me the plan from the beginning.” Bucky replied.
Steve knew that. He’d guessed as much. If he hung Rumlow out to dry, then he’d have to hang himself as well. But the team, his family, would be safe. They’d be together and they’d have a chance at something after this mess was done.
“Didn’t you?” Fury raised his eyebrow, pulling out a wad of papers from his jacket. Steve looked at them closely, the familiar immunity deals paperwork he’d once stared at for hours on end. They now bore different signatures that looked nothing like his family’s but were meant to represent their agreement in this arrangement. Fury had doctored the paperwork.
“We never asked for your protection, Steve. You gave us a chance, a family, a home. You picked up the people this world spat back out and you gave us a purpose. A way to make a difference. We all knew what we were signing up for.” She mused, “And we aren’t about to walk away now.”
Steve got the message and sped up, he could practically feel Tony humming with pleasure and he knew his own was building fast. That pull in his stomach was there and the noises Tony was making wasn’t doing anything to help him draw this out. He rocked his hips against Tony’s, pushing himself deeper inside of him to hit against his prostate.
He pulled back when he felt Tony’s teeth scrape his lip, “I need to know what it will take for you to leave. To decide my lifestyle, me, is too much. I need to know where you draw the line, Tony.” Steve pleaded, “Whether it’s kidnapping you to get to me or me missing a date because I have to kill someone. I need to know what it will take for this to end.”
That caught Bucky’s attention and he uncrossed his arms, “You fell asleep? You stayed at his place? The whole night?”
The first time Steve had killed someone was in the army, a gun shot and a close range to stop someone from planting a bomb on a railroad. It had been quick and impersonal and over in a second. He’d had nightmares for months after, Bucky used to wake him up every time the screaming started.
Steve could hear the emotion creeping back into Tony’s voice, felt the way his fingers tightened a little too tight on his sides. Damn Ross. Steve wished he was still alive just so he could kill him again. Damn Ross. Tony didn’t deserve any of this and Ross knew what to say to get to him. He knew what he was doing by riling Tony up, although Steve doubted he knew just how effective that little speech was going to be. He had tried to back Tony into a corner and Tony had fought back. And now it had cost him.
Tony’s place was rustic, and Steve took the time to really take it in as he got back into last night’s clothes. The condo was on the top floor of Tony’s apartment building and was very open plan. Steve wondered if the contractors had run out of money before finishing it because the only walls in the whole place where the ones that blocked off the bathroom from the rest of the house. Tony’s bedroom was at one end, blocked off by two massive bookcases that acted as room partitions to the rest of the condo. The floors were dark wood, and Tony had made the space his own by sticking pictures and newspaper articles to the wall by the window. The bookcases were stacked full as well, Steve spotted books on mechanics and engineering as well as some that were clearly fiction books. He wanted to scan the titles for any he knew but he didn’t want Tony to feel like he was snooping in his space.
It was a biting cold day, so he had several layers on to protect him against the chill yet the short walk from his car to the front door was enough to have him shaking. He always hated the cold. He knocked on the door quickly, eyes scanning up and down the street curiously. It was weird to think The Captain lived here, on a normal street in a well-off area of Brooklyn. It was just a normal brownstone, in a street full of them and yet Tony knew this brownstone was anything but normal.
“Why don’t you just go back to having one then?” Steve asked, feeling Tony freeze in his arms. Steve stopped his administrations, sponge pressed again Tony’s collarbone.
Tony and Natasha froze as they heard the gunshot echo through the half-finished walls and airy corridors. Tony could feel his heart thundering in his chest as he gave Natasha a wide-eyed glance.
“Thank you all for coming out today,” Tony greeted when the noise around him died down. The camera zoomed in on a close up of his face as he addressed the press and the world, “A lot of you have been wondering about the direction of this company and the next steps we plan to take after my father’s passing.” He had an even voice, respectful and dutiful and rehearsed. Steve found himself curling his fists into the sides of his thighs as he listened.
Tony couldn’t argue with that and Bucky definitely didn’t want to be having this conversation. He let it drop, focusing on navigating the traffic to get to his father’s empire.
Fury nodded, “I’d imagine he’ll make sure your trial is a spectacle as well. He’ll make sure it’s drawn out and televised, everyone in the country will know your name and be out for your head when he’s done.”
Steve pressed a messy kiss into his hair as he slipped out of him, his cum still inside Tony but starting to dribble down the mechanic’s thighs slowly. Tony wobbled again and Steve quickly moved to sweep his legs out from under him before they gave way completely and gathered him into his arms.
“You’ll get mad.” Tony muttered, not looking at Rhodey because he didn’t want to start crying again. God, since when was he this emotional? Damn Steve Rogers straight to hell.
There were nods around the room, a silent acceptance that what Steve was about to tell them wasn't good. Just like that, those expectant and hopeful faces turned into dread and apprehension. All except Bucky of course, his best friend was looking at him with a fixed gaze and a plea in his eyes for Steve to fix this and get to the punchline of a bad joke already.
It was the next day when Steve came back from a run to find Natasha and Bucky arguing in the kitchen loudly, almost loud enough the he could hear it from outside, that he knew he couldn’t let this continue anymore.
“Is it working?” Tony retorted, tugging insistently so Steve had no choice but to remove his hands from Tony’s body so they could get his shirt off.
The night was a bitter one, Steve was sure it would snow before the night was out if the fresh coldness to the air was any indication. He would have Tony back safely before the night was out as well. Of that he was certain.
The silence afterwards was just as bad, the awkward tension that no one knew how to break. Tony shifted his feet, “Well, I guess I made an impression?”
The water started to steam up as it reached temperature and Steve slowly made his way back over to Tony.
“Tones, what happened?” Rhodey reached out to touch him but Tony scooted back quickly, scuttling across the small floor space until his back hit the wall and he couldn’t go any further, his eyes never leaving Ross.
“Tony.” Those brown eyes were playful and Steve found himself drawn to them. He wanted to grab a sketchbook and try to commit them to the page, “You?”
Steve thought about protesting, playing it safe and adding another finger to try and ease the stretch from having his cock in there but Tony was looking at him with those big brown eyes, all lust and wanting and Steve didn’t have the heart to deny him anything.
T’challa’s voice grew firm then, “It does. If you weren’t standing in the way of Hydra then Brooklyn would be overrun by now. I’ll take The Captain over Hydra every day of the week.”
Steve wasn’t sure he had the fight in him to stop him anymore. It was ebbing out of him with every minute as he climbed the stairs to his room to change out of his joggers. Is this what his downfall looked like? When they came for him, Rumlow or Ross, whoever reached him first would they be disappointed to see the shell of the man he once was. No fight left in him. Would they pity him or dig the knife in deeper?
“Widow, Winter, bring me Sitwell.” He called out to Nat and Bucky, using their code names to prevent these cowards from learning their actual names and being able to track them down, “Thor, lets clean house.” Thor was the only one of them that didn’t have a code name, insisting that if the cops wanted to track him down then they were more than welcome to. He had a few questions for them about Loki’s murder.
He had to move, Rhodes could wake up or someone else could walk in and Steve couldn’t knock out every cop in the station. He shrugged on Fury’s jacket and slipped the baseball cap low on his head to hide his face. It wasn’t a brilliant disguise, but it would have to do.
“I can get us a schematic of the building from T’Challa. The station is newly built as part of his campaign on putting the police force at the heart of Brooklyn. He’ll have the plans on file.” Natasha added in, “It will help narrow down our target area.”
The last Friday of every third month Steve’s gang, The Avengers, would meet Hydra in a mutual location to make sure territories were being honoured and business was on track. They didn’t like each other but they both operated out of Brooklyn and Steve didn’t like anyone on his patch. Steve hated these talks of politics but he understood their importance. Phillips had always told him, ‘Listen to them talk and they’ll give more away then they realise. That’s the stuff you can use.’ But that had been years ago, a time when Steve had stood off to the side as business was discussed rather than front and centre. But it was his gang now, his family, and he was responsible for making sure the terms of the fragile peace with Hydra were being honoured.
Steve moved them in the small space until he was standing under the spray and he tipped his head back, letting the water run through his hair and down his face. He felt Tony’s hands working through his hair, unknotting it and washing out any blood that was there before moving to his beard.
Tony was breathing deeply when he broke away from Steve’s neck, blunt nails biting into his skin as Tony panted and hooked a foot around the back of Steve’s calf to draw him closer. Steve went willingly, stumbling into Tony as he pressed his arousal firmly against his own. Gone was their teasing rhythm from before, it was now full on rutting against each other to climb further into their pleasure.
But he could help himself from typing The Captain into google and seeing what came up. He wasn’t expecting his life story or anything but Tony needed to know more. He always had a thirst for knowledge so it really wasn’t his fault.
“No, he isn’t.” Tony replied, “That was Hydra, they were framing the Avengers. It’s a whole thing I don’t have time for. I need to see him.”
Briefly, Tony wondered how far away the driver had parked yet he still couldn’t imagine his father walking up the flights of stairs to get to his apartment. This wasn’t an area of Brooklyn you’d ever expect to see Howard Stark. Tony frowned at that, Obie must have given Howard his address. It was the only explanation as to why Howard was currently invading his space. Obie came to check in from time to time. Once a year maybe, always because Howard was trying to keep tabs on Tony. He had never shown up in person before.
Steve woke up with the sun. Old army habits die hard. It took him a moment to remember where he was, expecting to be in his own bed but the curtains over the window to his left didn’t belong to him. There was a scorch mark towards the bottom like they had once been accidently set on fire. It was the warm press of the body next to him that brought Steve back to the events of last night.
Steve shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. But he couldn’t help it, he wanted Tony. He leaned towards him, reaching out with his hand on Tony’s jaw and moving his thumb gently to pull Tony’s lower lip free of his teeth.
Steve couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face when he finally made it home to see Tony in his space. He had headed to the garage as soon as he relieved Bruce of his task and let him get back to a shift at the clinic downtown and now, Steve found himself stopping on the bottom step and just taking in the sight before him.
Tony set off running again, jumping over the unconscious limbs on the floor of hydra gang members. He hadn't seen Rumlow in the chaos yet but Tony knew he couldn't be far behind.
“Steve, bad idea. We can’t kill him.” Bucky warned him, “I want to, believe me but if you kill him then you’ll be the cop killer that Rumlow is making you out to be.”
“I think we’re going to be okay.” He said it like a revelation, like a promise. Steve wanted to drown in those words coming from Tony’s lips after everything they’d been through.
Tony whined, struggling to find an angle that allowed him to take Steve deeper, that would get Steve to hit that spot inside of him that would make him shudder. Their pleasure was mounting, and this slow teasing wasn’t going to be enough for either of them soon.
Steve couldn’t rest. His mind was a beehive ready to explode. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from Tony afraid he might disappear should Steve so much as shift in their nest of blankets. Tony didn’t seem to mind, mirroring Steve as they both laid on their sides. They were fully dressed under the covers despite Natasha’s order, ready for anything at a moment’s notice.
“He had a gun, but I managed to get the jump on him before he could shoot our resident hot-head.” Natasha replied, “We’re fine. He’s probably got a concussion though, I had to hit him on the head. Figured we might as well bring him to you for an interrogation after going to all the effort.”
Fury narrowed his eye, “That’s your best friend and he killed a corrupt cop who was really a Hydra member. Probably saved all our asses. You really want to go down that road?”
The reaction was the one Steve was hoping for. The way his eyes darted left and his pupils grew bigger. Steve had guessed right, and it was making his guest nervous. He gripped at his bad leg with his now freed hands, trying to stop the bleeding.
“I found your bombs.” She replied, motioning into the room on her left. Tony moved out from behind her, eyes taking in the cases of Jericho missiles resting in shipping boxes.
Tony was showered, dressed, on his second coffee and ready to head to the garage in an hour. His hair was still a mess, but he felt better and was more than ready to put in the hours he needed at work. He grabbed his jacket and keys off the coffee table and headed for the front door. He felt good, like today would be a good day.
Steve’s hands pulled out of Tony’s jeans long enough to flick the button open and get the zip down before diving right back in, fingers moving into his boxers to cup him without the barrier. Tony’s whole body tensed at the move before he fumbled with Steve’s jeans, getting the button and fly out of the way so he could have better access.
“It’s worse than we thought, Nat. Hydra is playing a bigger game here, the killings are the tip of the iceberg. We might not be walking away from this one.”
“It has to be me.” Tony replied, “I’m the only one who isn’t related to The Avengers. The only one Rhodey might let through the door to see him.”
He could hear T’challa’s smile through the phone, “That’s probably not the best idea. That’s the world we have resigned ourselves to, Steve. You can walk in my world and people call it business but if I walk in yours?”
There was a desk pressed against one side, paperwork stacked up on the right with a bunch of other files. A pen pot that had once been a mug occupied the left, along with a letter opener that stood out gleaming silver against the wood. Other than that the place was bare, not that anything else could fit into it.
Tony had been a complete idiot, he’d let Steve in, and Steve had repaid it by using it against him. He should have seen it coming, whether this was Steve’s failed attempt to protect him or not. Steve was an idiot and Tony was an even bigger one. Tony wasn’t so sure what Steve’s motivates were anymore, at first, he thought he understood what was happening. Steve had his own plan and he was trying to push Tony away to protect him but then he’d said that stuff about not really caring and survival and now Tony was questioning whether their whole relationship meant something different to Steve than it did to him.
Steve pulled out again, slamming back in harder than before as he rocked into Tony’s body, flames licking at his stomach and his name spilling from Tony’s mouth.
He was covered in blood and he was still shaking but he looked more focused now, his eyes taking in the room around him. His gaze fell on Steve again and Steve smiled encouragingly, the fingers of his free hand brushing some hair away from Tony’s forehead.
Squeezing his fingers slightly, he felt the heat in his palm spread, the device in his hand humming before a jet of pure unfiltered energy came from the arc reactor and hit the wall. Tony ducked, the force of the impact drawing him to his knees and he clenched his fingers. The wall in front of him was smoking, the smell of burning dust clinging to the area. In the wall where the arc reactor hit was a huge crater, a large chuck of cement and stone missing out of the wall and a black charred out edge was all that was left.
Tony cut him off with a kiss, short and a little clumsy but it calmed Steve down enough that his legs stopped moving and his body didn’t feel like a powder keg, “Kill him.” Tony told him softly as he pulled back, “Kill him and come back to me.”
He felt the relief run through Tony’s body at Steve’s acceptance. His word was enough, and Steve wasn’t about to be the one to question him on yet. Tony would tell him when he was ready but right now, he needed Steve’s help.
“No, don’t touch me.” Tony shouted hoarsely, trying to make himself smaller, “I’m a monster. I’m… I killed him.”
Steve didn’t answer him, flashed Tony a smirk and reach over for the lube he had thrown into the driver’s seat. He poured a generous helping of the lube onto his fingers, letting Tony watch as it dribbled down the digits, coating them.
Steve sighed, “It won’t stop Ross. He has my name now. It’s only a matter of time before he confirms it’s the right one.”
The narrow slits of red looked at Steve and a bloodied smile curved onto his face, “It doesn’t matter if you kill me or not. You’re not getting out of here. It’ll be a body bag or handcuffs, Captain. Men like us aren’t suited for anything else.”
“Rumlow gave him money and he needed the glory of bringing in the gangs, bringing in me.” Steve shrugged, “Greed drives men to madness sometimes.”
Steve watched him go, hating every fibre of his being for lying to Tony. It had to be done if this was going to work though.
Tony woke up first, to the smell of sex and sunrise. He shuffled lazily, cocooned in Steve’s warmth as he laid against his side. The sheets had slipped down to their waists and despite the December weather and the fact they were both naked - having ditched their shirts in the middle of the night - Tony wasn’t cold. He was thirsty though.
“I said what I said.” Tony replied, “You heard me. So, if you care about me at all, you’ll get out of this and help us get Rumlow off the streets before he hurts anyone else.”
Tony was at the garage, putting in the hours he missed whilst the whole Hydra mess was going down. Steve wanted to send someone with him but he refused, in no polite terms, because he was a mechanic and this was his day job.
The Captain frowned, tearing into it and reading the note inside. There was a single line written on a piece of card in black marker. The handwriting was scruffy but it was clearly an invitation.
Those blue eyes, arctic blue, stood out amongst all the blood. He had a split lip, a bruised cheek and Tony didn’t even want to guess at how many other bruises and injuries were hiding under his clothes, “Tony.” Steve said softly, relief and recognition bringing him back to himself.
Deep down had he always known it wasn’t going to last, was that why he sought Steve out? Someone as damaged and incapable of love as he was. Had Tony been setting himself up for failure this whole time or ignoring the warning signs because if it was Steve pulling the trigger then he was happy to get shot.
He shook out the cap and shoved it onto his head, placing the glasses on his nose so they hid his eyes, “You know only morons wear sunglasses inside.”
Steve pushed that out of his mind as he entered the garage, gun in hand. He headed down the steps steadily, heavy feet announcing his entrance.
Steve leaned down to suck at his nipple, matching the way Tony was sucking on his fingers as he pushed in again, fingers curling and rubbing against his prostrate.
Tony heaved himself out of bed with more effort than it normally took, still cocooned in his covers as he made his way to the bathroom with them around his shoulders like a cape. He stumbled bleary eyed against the harsh lighting as he took a look in the mirror.
Their lips joined together again in a filthy kiss, mouths battled teasingly and when Tony moaned because Steve had brushed his fingers over the head of Tony’s cock, he tasted it on his own tongue.
Steve swore under his breath, “That’s his play? That’s how he’s going to secure Brooklyn under his reign? Back street dealing?”
Fury wasn’t done though and Steve was rather enjoying this, it had been a long time since anyone had managed to keep up with him, “But then there is still no trace of you anywhere and that doesn’t add up without being scrubbed from the record hard and no offence, I don’t think that’s your remit. So I got busy, I pulled army recruitment files from around the right time in Brooklyn and it took me days. Everything is online now, no one thinks to check the paperwork. I almost missed it myself, but there it is. Captain Steven G. Rogers of the US Army. Special Ops. Killed in Action four years ago and just like that I’m talking to a motherfucking ghost.”
Tony couldn’t handle this charade anymore, “Cut the shit. Let’s skip over the part where you play the doting father to the bit where you tell me why you’re working for Hydra and about how the fuck you sold your own son over to them for profit.”
Tony’s hands gripped at his hips, keeping him against the mattress as he slid his tongue over the head of Steve’s cock before taking him back into his mouth. He repeated the action over and over again, withdrawing and swirling his tongue over the tip of Steve’s cock just the way that drove him mad before sinking back in again until Tony couldn’t take him anymore.
“Okay, we’ll do it together.” Steve promised as Tony tucked his head into Steve’s shoulder, breathing him in. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, holding him tightly, “We’re going to be okay.”
Steve wanted to laugh bitterly, there was literal blood on his hands and a body near the stairs and she honestly still wanted to fight beside him, “What if that’s not enough?”
“For your team, maybe. I could argue they were my informants on the case and therefore by law they would be protected via the immunity deal we’d previously agreed to. They would have to sign those deals though; I’d need to process the paperwork before Ross gets down here.”
“This is a big mess, okay? There are reporters outside for you and you’re covered in blood and fuck Tony, this is bad. I don’t know how to get you out of this one.” Rhodey’s voice was sad and heartbroken and Tony wondered if he could cry for Ross and Rhodey and even Howard together.
The woman herself hadn’t noticed him yet, she was too focused on the task at hand. Dressed in yoga pants and a tank top with her short hair around her face she almost looked younger than Steve had ever seen her. On Natasha’s feet were a pair of ballet slippers (her first purchase after Steve had given her a cut of their first job together) and she was twirling effortlessly around the small space, completely lost in her own world as the tips of her toes moved to the music.
“He needs you.” It was still weird to hear omissions like that from Bucky’s mouth after all this time.
Tony didn’t let him get far though, his legs coming up to wrap around Steve’s waist, effectively trapping him and pulling him back against Tony. Steve placed both his hands on the edge of the counter either side of Tony’s legs to steady himself as he went colliding back against him.
“Then I must be doing something right.” Steve commented as Tony turned to look through the toolbox to his left.
Steve gave him a small smile, tearing his eyes away from the window to meet Tony’s gaze. Those steel blue eyes were so soft and yielding, Tony could almost imagine waking up to them every morning.
“Right. This might be my last chance to get closure, Rhodey.” Tony sighed, “I think I need that. I need to look him in the eye and let him know I’m going to be okay.”
“You killed our fucking baby, Nat.” The words were out of Bucky’s mouth before Steve could move. His heart was hammering in his chest.
Images of the desert flooded his mind. The hot sun burning his skin off in chunks. The desperation for food, for water. The blood and sand coating his face, his hands. He shook his head to rid himself of the images.
“You can’t go around making decisions for me.” Tony told him, “If you really think I’m as smart and as capable as you say then you have to let me be that. Let me prove it.”
Steve’s eyes darted around them at the increase of Bucky’s voice, “Not here. Call a family meeting, tonight after Sam gets off work. I need everyone there. Please Buck, I need you to trust me on this.”
He lowered his gun, tucking it back into his jeans as he ushered Fury inside the house, “It’s been a long night.”
He definitely couldn’t tell Rhodey about being hired to fix The Captain’s bike or the impromptu make out session with the King of Brooklyn because he was pretty sure that didn’t count as a smart choice. But that was okay because he’s probably never heard from him again anyway, it was a blip of impulsiveness in a sea of smart decisions. A little blip, Tony was allowed. It’s not like he joined the gang or even fucked a mobster. It was just one little kiss; he wouldn’t even think of it again.
Now though it seemed Ross was bored and wanted to play. Steve was herded into the room, escorted on all sides like an animal as the cops shoved him into a chair and cuffed his hands back up to the table.
Steve couldn’t have Tony in his space and not get closer, it was like finding water in the desert and not running to it. He approached cautiously, not wanting to startle the mechanic who was crouched down, focused on his work.
Steve couldn’t help but grin at the look of fear in Sitwell’s face at the dried blood stuck to the rusted surface of the weapon. Thor was very good at what he did, it was one of the reasons Steve recruited him. The presence of the weapon itself invoked fear. Everyone had heard the stories of The God of Thunder and no one wanted to find out if they were true.
Clint studied the photo again before Fury slapped down another one on top. This one was of the same man, Bennett, but this time it was a wide shot of his body laid out on the pavement. His shirt was torn open from his body to reveal his chest, a mass of red scars cut deep into the skin.
Tony could feel his blood boiling though, suddenly he felt seventeen again. Drunk and hurt and scared and promising Rhodey he was leaving, he was getting out and he was going to survive.
Tony shook his head, “No. Your move, Dad. You do the right thing, or I’ll go to the press and tell them everything.”
Tony watched in shock as Bruce pulled up Clint’s jacket and shirt to reveal the gunshot wound, sluggishly oozing blood down his stomach. He pressed against the skin with gentle hands and Clint swore.
To Steve’s relief the phone picked up after the third ring, a gruff voice answering, “What do you want?” into the line, surprisingly alert given the hour Steve was calling at.
He had a flat above it as well as a bedroom at Steve’s because he knew sometimes Sam liked to be alone and other times he didn’t. He had a hard time dealing with being back and Steve knew he was still ashamed to get nightmares about his time in the army. Steve always offered him an ear but Sam refused, Steve carried his own troubles and they weighed him down enough.
“Bucky has known Steve longer than any of us. He always used to say that he felt it was his job to protect Steve. When they were kids, in the army, especially now.” Natasha sighed, “If Steve gets hurts then he thinks it’s on him. He wasn’t quick enough; he should have talked Steve out of it.”
The second guy was on him again, but Tony hit out with his umbrella managing to get in a few shots before his attacker managed to grab the end of the umbrella, twisting it from Tony’s grasp with an ease that unsettled Tony before he was bodily forcing Tony backwards, ribs hitting the side of the kitchen island with a painful thud.
He clicked the button and held the phone out between him and Bucky like an offering. Bucky stepped closer as if to hear better.
“I’ll grant your team immunity once you’ve proven your information to be worth it. In writing because I know how paranoid you mob boss types get.” Ross agreed, “But I want something else as well.”
“Not a practical choice.” Tony mused, “Engine’s a little small and the turning circle isn’t as good as the newer models.”
Tony would never let him, none of his family would but Steve could work around that. He could deal with that. They didn’t need to know anything; they could keep working on the original plan. Find out where Rumlow’s weapons building was taking place. They’d need to stop it either way.
The silence the followed was louder than their words before. Tony was just standing there, device still in his hands, not believing his own words. Steve looked equally as shocked, those blue eyes wide and searching.
Steve pushed his lips against Tony’s, pushing his fingers deeper inside him and curling them forward. Tony bucked against him, mouth falling open in a gasp against Steve’s as a bolt of pleasure shot through him.
Steve nodded, “Okay. That’s okay. Can you just trust me on this? I wouldn’t bring him back here if I wasn’t sure.”
Tony sighed, sipping his coffee, “You know we can’t have a cat here, right? Unless he can hold a spanner?”
Steve squeezed his hip, “I’d die for you. I’d do anything to protect you. I’d set the world on fire for you if you asked.”
The arc reactor tech was old, and Tony had only gotten a glimpse of it as a blueprint in his dad's office, but it was enough to intrigue Tony with the possibilities of a self-sustaining energy core. Howard had scrapped the project after about two months of failed attempts, there was never enough money in peace for his father's liking. Tony felt differently, he filled up notebooks full of calculations and elementary theories on how he could get something like the arc reactor to work without becoming nuclear. He had given himself a head start, despite it being years since he had looked into the technology as anything more than a hobby but Tony was good. He was very good.
“Well, as you can see, he didn’t slit my throat in my sleep, so I think we’re good.” Steve bit back, “It was just one night. It’s done. Let’s get back to work.”
Steve remembered. When he met Fury at the docks, he had told him to swing by the house to collect the paperwork he promised to have signed by tonight. The paperwork that still sat on the kitchen table untouched.
Tony was nervous as he approached the interview room with Rhodey leading the way. Steve was only in the next room to him and he couldn’t help but wipe his palms on his jeans as he steeled himself to go in.
Rumlow knew he wasn’t bluffing, and he also knew if it came to a shoot-out Steve was faster, so he charged. All tightly coiled bulk, compact and charging at Steve in a second. Rumlow kept low to throw Steve’s centre of gravity off and then he was barrelling into him, shoulder to chest and it sent them both to the ground.
Steve was shaking as he came down from his high, the effort of keeping himself upright becoming painful as he felt Tony move his hand from his cock because he was probably oversensitive by now. He tucked his leg back underneath Steve’s arm and pulled Steve down towards him, letting him take the weight off his arm.
Tony whined, pushing his hips harder into Steve as he sped up his pace again. His hips were stuttering, and Steve could tell he was having trouble keeping a rhythm now, he was blindly grasping for the edge. He was falling short.
“Steve, if you do that then it really is over. There is no chance at another way out, you’d be signing your own arrest warrant. Why would you give up everything to save your team and not yourself?”
“Bruce cooked French toast.” Bucky stated, moving around the door to reveal a plate in his hands, “Managed to swipe you some before Thor got down.” He placed the plate on the edge of Steve’s desk.
“Can we do this later?” Bucky replied, “If Rumlow comes back and we’re standing around I don’t fancy our chances.”
It was Peter's hopeful brown eyes and Rhodey's laugh that convinced him he could do this. It was Steve's smile, soft and dangerous and directed right at him. It was the knowledge that Tony Stark was many things, a mechanic, a genius, but most importantly a survivor.
“The first time we had sex, I told you I thought you could cum like this. That was how much you wanted me.” Steve bit out as Tony continued to rut against him, “Let me see it.”
He moved his hand until he was pressing his fingers against Tony’s hole, dipping a digit slicked with lube inside him.
Ross stopped short for a second but then the smile was back in place, “Arrest them all. No immunity deals this time Captain.”
Hiring Peter as his apprentice was another good decision. Rhodey disagreed but screw him, he didn’t always know best. Peter was a great kid who needed a little extra money to help his Aunt May out and needed somewhere to work on his ideas and designs. Tony had given him both and more importantly, he liked having the kid around. He worked hard and was good company. Plus, he was a hit with the ladies who were always pinching his cheeks despite the fact Peter was 17 and hated it.
“I’ll go to him, catch him off guard. Bucky will have numbers and a strategy by now. I should go alone. It might get ugly.”
Ross nodded, “But I know what will happen to him. I’ll personally make sure it’s a lengthy trial. A murderer of his profile, they’ll put him in a hole underground to wait for sentencing. No natural light, stale air. No human contact. Just darkness and waiting. He’ll barely look human when he finally gets his trial. No one would believe he is anything less than a killer.”
Steve planned to draw it out though, he’d never get enough of having Tony like this. He was riding himself on Steve’s cock, rising up before slowly sinking back down to grind against him before repeating the move. They were so close they were sharing the same air, every little noise Tony made was Steve’s to cherish.
“Can’t a father check in on his son?” Howard asked, his voice void of emotion and Tony wasn’t fooled for a second.
“Well then, once I’m done here I can guarantee she’ll be able to keep getting you out of tough spots for a good while yet.”
Tony nodded and then he shoved him. He reached out both hands, pushing firmly on Steve’s chest until he felt him stumble back slightly with the force, “You’re a goddamn asshole.” Tony hissed out, stepping away from him.
Tony was preening at the words Steve said so he knew they were working. Tony took one hand off his stomach, moving it to push his fingers against his own hole. Steve bit the inside of his cheek to keep him from moaning as Tony slipped a finger inside himself. He didn’t have any lube so Steve knew it would be a difficult process, but Tony was moaning loudly as he worked his finger in and out of his heat and all Steve could do was watch.
Steve waited for the working shift to end before he put Tony’s plan into action. There would be less cops around after six, working a skeleton shift never afforded as many people and he would be Steve’s best chance at getting out without anyone seeing him. He couldn’t risk it; he couldn’t start killing cops for his own freedom. It wasn’t what he did, that was Rumlow’s style.
“You know if you do this then you’re crossing a line. You’ll be a criminal. Ross will come after you too.” Steve told him, smartly letting the subject of them drop for now.
The answer was more pained then before, heavy breathing puncturing the beginning of the sentence, “Oh, you really don’t know.”
The difference was the massive punching bag set up in the middle of the room. Steve was currently going to town on the leather, hitting it with a single-minded determination that should have scared Tony if he didn’t know Steve was doing it to block everything else out. At least he had the sense to wrap his hands up first. If it came down to a fight then Steve would need to be in perfect condition, he’d need his hands.
“Oh, this plan of yours to sacrifice your own freedom for the rest of us?” Tony sneered, “This plan where you destroyed your own family to save them?”
He’d spent hours in that little cupboard, no light, no window. He’d place his back against the wall and his feet against the door like through sheer force he could stop Howard from breaking it down if he ever found him. He’d balance equations in his head or plan new designs to copy into his notebook as he tried to tune out the muffled shouting and crying from somewhere in the house.
Steve grazed his fingers over the pool of blood, cold but still wet which meant they couldn’t have grabbed Tony too long ago. The blood wasn’t dried and sticky on the floor yet. He pushed away thoughts of Tony bleeding from his mind, he needed to think.
“You don’t happen to have a flathead screwdriver, think I left mine at the shop.” He replied instead of acknowledging the statement.
Tony looked like he was wrestling with something, his eyes flicking to Steve’s face and back down again every few moments. Steve said nothing, waiting for Tony to be ready.
In reality, he was exhausted and using the arc reactor was taking its toll on his body still running without food or sleep but he'd fight until he dropped if that's what it took.
He knew if he told Bucky the truth then he’d want to come with Steve for back up and honestly Steve wasn’t even sure who he was meeting so he didn’t want to put Bucky in danger by bringing him along. It was stupid enough for him to go but Steve never did like to think a situation through until his back was up against the wire, it was how he did his best work.
Still, Bruce and Natasha had made popcorn. Sam had brought a case of beer with him and Clint had emerged from his room with most of his DVD collection for them to chose from. And just like that, it was movie night.
Steve smirked, “I don’t beg. When he comes for me, he best hopes he kills me first chance he gets. He isn’t going to like what happens if he doesn’t.”
Then she was gone, breezing past Steve with her mask back in place and her head high. That was the problem with survivors. They weren’t very good at vulnerable. Vulnerable gets you killed.
His heart was racing, and he could sense Bucky’s anger to his left. For once, he was thankful to have him and not Steve in the room. Howard had the audacity to pour himself another glass as he spoke.
Ross spared him a passing glance, moving to prop himself back against the edge of the desk. Tony stayed where he was nearest the opposite wall, feeling completely out of place in his ratty jeans and jacket. Ross’ suit was crumpled, and he’d lost his tie, but he still looked more put together than Tony felt.
“You think he loves you. He doesn’t. He isn’t capable of love, a monster like that never will be. I’m doing you a favour by showing it to you now.” Ross replied, keeping his voice even despite the waver Tony could see in his eyes.
“C’mon Steve, another day won’t kill anyone. Jan is in on it too. It’s for the good of the pack,” he wheedled.
Steve got out of bed and reached for his shoes. He put one on and stopped. He was home now, he didn’t have to wear shoes. He wasn’t going to a public cafeteria, he was going down the hall to the kitchen, where the bottoms of the pans were all black from Tony’s attempts to cook and Natasha made sure all of their knives were razor sharp and the cups were plastic and the table was solid steel because Tony didn’t trust Thor not to break anything. He took the shoe back off and padded down the hall in socks, feeling weirdly vulnerable. Inside the kitchen Natasha and Clint were arguing over what to make and who should make it, Vision and Wanda were making eyes at each other from across the table, Rhodey and the spider kid were going over a stack of papers that looked suspiciously like math homework, and Tony was standing in his corner with the coffee machine watching over everyone with an indulgent smile. Steve leaned on the counter next to Tony, and it felt like everything clicked back into place.
We're in the middle of the enemy's castle, we could be caught at any time, do you really wish to push this?"
Scenario number three was much less interesting than the first two. Tony calls him into a meeting room. They have a civil conversation. They take care of the upcoming threat. Then he goes home without Tony (if it can even be called home without Tony) and they live out the rest of their lives apart. No hatred, no passion, just endless apathy. A sedate thirty mile an hour drive through the doldrums until the final crash into the wall of oblivion.
The next morning the Avengers were all gathered around the table for breakfast like normal. Steve filled the kitten mug with coffee and put it in front of Tony’s spot, before starting to make oatmeal. He stirred the oats and water on the stove, added some brown sugar, and put a bowl in front of everyone. They mumbled sleepy thank yous, Steve being the only morning person of the bunch. Tony’s spot was empty, which was not unusual, seeing how he and Thor would rather miss breakfast in exchange for the extra sleep. After being slapped halfway across the room by a dreaming Thor, Steve always just let him sleep in. He was always able to get Tony down though, or up, if he had spent the night in his lab working. Steve got up, regretfully leaving his oatmeal, and went to look for him. First he went to Tony’s floor and punched in the code for his room.
The room jerked back into focus. He wasn’t on a plane, hadn’t been on a plane besides the quinjet in years. “Tony?”
Tony didn’t know if he’d go that far, he was still a Capital citizen in his mind, but he didn’t want to get stabbed so he nodded along with whatever Steve said. The group seemed to accept it and the tension bled out of the air, the matter was settled for the time being. Steve lead them forward to continue the search for Thor, and Tony took two steps forward and stumbled. His ankle was still hot and swollen, and had stiffened up overnight to the point of being almost useless. Steve caught his arm and lowered him to the ground, Tony trying and failing to hide his wince of pain. The group didn’t want him there as it was, if they thought he was going to slow them down then they would leave him, or worse, kill him. Steve felt around Tony’s ankle, leaving his boot on. Tony couldn’t hold in a small gasp of pain.
Tony raised an eyebrow. That was what he was going to start out with? Steve was a bad actor. A very, very bad actor. However he lived his life, it didn’t seem to involve lying, and it was refreshing. Sometimes in the Capital Tony felt like he was in a play, everyone spouting lines for a cynical audience, weaving together the stories of things that never happened with sharp smiles.
When it was his turn, Bruce made a small fire. Tony clapped politely. The other people in the room were not impressed.
What had he been thinking? He had known Steve for maybe two hours, and was now buying him a fridge without asking. He needed to see things from Steve’s perspective. That meant picking a slightly smaller fridge so Steve would have space for it in his low ceiling apartment. He was being so reasonable, he was proud of himself. Should he tell Steve? No, it should be a surprise.
“Our biggest strength is the dragons, they could easily bring down the walls of the castle and allow our men to go in and finish off Loki’s forces.” Steve said, pointing to the map on the table. Jan shook her head.
Tony let him go and stepped back, thinking. The dragon could help carry the sick and injured in their escape, and scout for anyone following them. It would be a valuable ally.
He leaned back, his body tense like he was entering a fight. Tony blinked a few times, trying to clear away all the static and clutter in his mind to process what Steve was saying.
Steve agreed. He was free the whole day, one of the benefits of working freelance. Before they left, Tony asked for a picture for instagram.
As Tony walked off Steve paused. He needed to knock it off with the declarations of love now that Tony wanted to be friends only. But he had agreed to loving him and called him Buttercup? Mixed signals. Maybe things weren't as hopeless as he thought. Maybe he still had a chance.
Steve shrugged. “We got separated by the fire. As soon as the smoke clears I need to go find them. Until then, I’d like to rest.”
Steve punched him in the arm. “I’m your official guide, I wouldn’t lead you astray. Come on, look what they have over here.”
The room fell silent, the size of the task they were trying to accomplish unfolding before their eyes.
Steve got on the bed and leaned against the headboard, his arms crossed. “Well, I’m doing my best with what I got.” He retorted, some bite in his words.
“This is a train wreck.” said Clint. Jan nodded, the two very different siblings for once in complete agreement.
That shut Steve up quick. Tony hadn’t originally been planning to pay him that much, but the poor guy was clearly on some hard times. Who the hell did not own a fridge?
He woke up the next morning and got ready, meeting Sam and Natasha in the hall. Natasha pawed at his head. “Did you put gel in your hair?”
Steve worked as quickly as he could, pulling the bandages away from the bottom of his foot where they were stuck together with blood and blister pus. He felt around the swollen joint and started pressing in on the right side, the pain and pressure building until it leveled out into a sort of relief as it went back into the correct position. Tony spat out the rag and swallowed the pills. His skin started to stitch itself shut and his bruises faded back into his skin. It burned in a way that felt good while boarding on painful. Steve kept careful hold of his ankle as the swelling went down.
Dottie continued to eat, and Steve could tell that underneath her stoic facade, she was really broken up on the inside.
“Buy back.” Steve peered into the case, and quickly picked out his watch by the familiar brown band and silver face.  He pointed, pressing a fingertip on the glass. “That watch… And we need Tony’s ring too. Gold band.”
“If he was really one of them, why’s he in here?” Steve countered. “He wouldn’t do what they wanted, so they threw him away, just like they do with us in the districts. He’s one of us now.”
Yinsen darted off into the bushes and Tony held up his stick, ready to swing it like a bat. Raza stepped closer, trying to guess his odds of cutting Tony before he could finish his swing with the stick. He kicked towards Tony’s stomach, and Tony twisted so it hit his hip instead and hit Raza in the gut with the stick. Raza snarled and took a few steps back. He picked a branch of his own and advanced again, knocking Tony’s branch away with a swipe of his arm, and then lashing him across the face with it, the sharp twigs sticking out of it cutting his face. Tony touched a hand to his cheek and it came away red, and his right eye was dripping, whether with tears or blood he didn’t know. Raza dropped his stick and wrapped both hands around his knife, raising it above his head to stab downward with crushing force. Now defenseless Tony tried to cover his head with his arms and closed his eyes.
Steve pulled Tony close and whispered loud enough for Jan’s werewolf hearing to pick it up. “She’s got abandonment issues, it’s sad. Good luck Tony.”
While he was in here, there was nothing he could do to prove his innocence. He had to trust that Obie would look into things more and let him out when he saw the truth. He trusted Obie more than anyone. He would be ok, if he could wait it out. He could stay right here, and not even meet another contestant. He would be fine. Tony rubbed a hand through his hair. He was going to be fine. This was like a fun little camping trip, he tried to convince himself. Tony had always wanted to go camping, but you weren’t allowed to leave the Capital without special permission so he had been stuck inside like everyone else.
His work with a hammer was much quicker, and they made their way down the line smashing. They broke off the propeller of the last plane as guards burst through the door and surrounded them, swords raised threateningly.
Tony kept his head down. He was almost done, even if caught now they might not be able to discover the damage and fix it in time. Even if they didn’t make it to the planes, every bit would help. Meanwhile, Steve tried to cover.
Steve gestured at the rows of tables, and dragged him around the corner to reveal a second area as big as the first.
More music played, and on the screen above, Hammer appeared. He looked frazzled, though he was trying to hide it. “One final message before we sign off for tonight. Tampering with Capital equipment or trying to break out of the arena or into non-regulation areas is strictly forbidden. This was not clearly stated in the rules before now, so no punishment was awarded.”
Steve turned and Tony gulped at the fire in his eyes, the anxiety immediately coming back, though he hid it behind a cocky smirk. Steve snorted. “You’re kidding me, right? You’re the guy in charge of the area where we're going to die, you've got the blood of 23 people on your hands.”
I'm sorry guys, it's been like two months since I last updated. I got a full time internship and I never got around to quitting my job that I did at nights, so I had absolutely no free time the whole summer. Now I'm back at college so I have time to write again, and I know not to start posting stories until I'm done writing them. It's very stressful leaving a story incomplete. Hope you enjoy the ending, and thanks for reading!
Steve shot back before thinking. “The one you filled with chairs? Where exactly in that room should I wait?”
Tony stood in a corner and kept his head down until he recognized Rhodey's car. He slid into the passenger seat and Rhodey lunged across the center console to hug him. Tony leaned into it, allowing himself to relax for the first time in days.
When Rhodey walked into the room backstage at the coliseum the next day, he found Tony already there.
“I can’t a wait a few days, my dragon needs me now. She’s hurt, and she won’t last much longer without help. I have to go. Please, help me.” Steve looked up at him with blue eyes clouded over in pain, and for a second Tony flashed back to the dragon in the courtyard, it’s blue eye bright with wildness and life. Against his better judgement he nodded.
“They’re dumped into an arena full of weapons and told only one person can leave, what are they supposed to do?”
“No! Because this is all some big mistake! I’m not a traitor, I’m not in love with you, and I’m certainly not going to fight in the games!”
Steve pulled him back to keep whispering. “The people watching don’t know that. They saw you help me, they saw us sleep together, they saw me ask for bandages to help you, and they sent us bandages. Now Thor needs help, and I know the Capital has the kind of meds that could heal him in a heartbeat.”
“You don’t have to be perfect, you just have to be you, and that’s more than enough. The team doesn’t follow you because they think you have all the answers, or because they’re caught up in some warped form of hero worship. Well, maybe Scott is a little star struck. Everyone else though, we follow you because we know you’ll always try to do the right thing, and you won’t stop fighting until you get there. You’re an idealist in a world of cynics, and when you speak to us you shine with a light of conviction that’s blinding. You burn away everything until all that is left is the fact that the world isn’t fair, and we have the power to make it better. You’ve always had that inside you, regardless of your stage name or whether or not you could bench press a car.”
“Not really fighting per se,” Tony insisted, “They're dissolving on their own with minimal effort from me. I'm doing research. Important recon. Ground breaking science. Nothing dangerous. Danger? Never met her. I'm so far from danger that I'm probably safer here than on the jet. I could show you some statistics on jet accidents that would make your heads spin.”
Time passed and Steve dozed, not asleep, but resting. Tony shifted rolled over in his sleep and Steve pulled him close and wrapped an arm around his chest. He felt something cold and hard and he stiffened. He carefully felt around Tony’s chest, his fingers following a diamond shaped outline of metal resting under the thin fabric of his shirt.
Loud music was playing when Tony startled awake with a gasp. His throat filled with ash and he coughed roughly, struggling to breath. Overhead the dome of the arena showed the fallen tributes, a quick scroll of names accompanied by a canon last that seemed to echo through Tony’s aching head. While he had been unconscious, the sun had set on the second day of the hunger games.
Clint picked first, pulling an arrow from the ground and sighing when it came up broken. He stepped back and Thor was the next to pull. His face stayed blank as the broken tip was revealed. Steve pulled the next arrow and his shoulders slumped in relief when it was broken.
Tony dragged him out of the apartment complex still protesting, and down the street to a little hol in the wall Irish joint. Steve looked at him in confusion.
Tony had had the drug they gave Steve before, pretty fun while it lasted but it had a bitch of a drop afterwards. Steve would be fine in a couple hours. Tony did his best to hold him upright. Steve was small, but it wasn’t like Tony was some sort of weight lifter.
“With human assailants. Have you met Carol? We’ll have more than enough fire power. Stay here, we’ll be back once this is taken care of.”
Sam bit his lip, caught, and decided to get straight to the point. “Maybe cool it a little with this new guy. Cap looks like he's about to strangle someone and I'm pretty sure he just broke a glass in there. He gets worked up when you guys fight.”
Then Tony was scooping him up and the world seemed to blur into one big streak. He tapped on Tony’s golden mask.
Steve took control of the situation. “Tony, keep the box going, Britain, guard him from the birds and don't let anyone out of that house. Everyone else with me, let's catch these guys before the birds return! Avengers Assemble!”
“Whatever you want to call it to make yourself feel better. Let's wrap this up, I need to go dress shopping. I want to look my best at your funeral after your pet dog kills you and feeds your body to his pigs.”
As he reached the top, there was no more glass walls, and he was hit by a gust of cold air as he was exposed from the chute. The platform jerked to a halt, and Tony stumbled, almost falling off the pad. He dropped to his hands and knees to avoid tipping over. The base was surrounded by landmines, ready to go off if a tribute tried to cheat and get a head start. They automatically diffused when the timer hit zero, and it was the stupidest way to lose the hunger games, dying before they even started.
He grabbed his hand and dragged Tony towards the barn. He shoved the door open and Clint and Jan looked up guiltily from where they were playing pennies instead of working.
Clint preened a little. “Never doubt my stalling tactics, Sam. Just because I run around in a purple jumpsuit now doesn't mean I'm not the best spy and secret agent in the world!”
“Did you know?” Tony asked, suiting up in full armor, his voice void of any emotion, edging into robotic as the mask dropped over his face.
Steve was doing push ups in the training simulator. The mechanical claws hanging from the ceiling were supposed to represent Chitauri soldiers, and they jerked around the room unpredictably. One came towards him and he vaulted gracefully over top before returning to his push ups. There was commotion in the hallway and a tall man with black hair and a goatee ran down the hallway. Steve didn’t recognize him and didn’t give chase. He had bigger things to worry about, like how he would drive back the Chitauri without advance knowledge of their movements. A few hours later he suited up and prepared to strap himself into the hold of one of the planes alongside fifty other men. Over a hundred planes would be leaving the hanger this morning, and it was loud and chaotic. From the corner of his eye he caught a flash of light, and he watched as a gold streak raced across the sky in a burst of flame. Maybe a missile?
A whistle blew, a warning that the ride was about to begin. Tony climbed on top of the animal next to the eagle, a study war horse with short cropped hair and heavy armor. The ride begins with a lurch, and Tony held on tightly to the metal pole.
“That’s not the only thing I wanted to talk about. Exactly how many Instagram followers do you have?”
Steve tried to pull off his jacket and Tony grabbed his hand. “Steve, Steve,” He struggled to think of any argument to convince Steve to stay, any plan that could keep them all safe.
His celebration had been short lived. After watching the Howling Commandos along with Bucky die over and over, Steve had become desensitized to it. He hadn’t thought twice about sending them off to distract the guards, because if they got hurt they’d wake up next to him, good as new, the next day.
“What was that? You steal? You try to escape? There is no escape from this mountain,” he hissed, spittle flecking Tony’s face. He stood and turned to the rest of the prisoners.
“Look, guys, I didn’t know it was like that. I just thought you were being mean or something, like you thought it would be funny to make me get all dirty trying to repair your shitty heater. If you actually need the help, I don’t mind. I’ve always had an affinity for fixing. I’ll put it back together today, and you can bring me home tomorrow, alright?”
Steve whipped around with a guilty expression, hiding the hammer behind his back. “Of course not. That would be stupid. I’m just…ah…”
Tony’s hand paused momentarily before returning to rubbing. “I know. That’s what makes this so hard.”
“That’s dangerous thinking, the type that got your precious coworker killed. Take your shots before you turn into a monster, it’s not that hard.” She shoved the bag into Tony’s arms. “Have a nice day, Mr. Rogers.”
The other judges watched the scene play out in silence. On the other side of the glass Steve worked. The peacekeepers hand tightened until Tony let out a tiny gasp of pain, the white armored glove leaving bruises as they dug into his shoulder.
What a glowing compliment. At least Steve wasn’t going to try to punch him over it. If Tony had kissed him closer to when they had first met he bet he would have gotten a knuckle sandwich, sponsors or no sponsors.
“Of course. I’m a weapons developer, I’ve built all of the defenses keeping our Capital safe. The Jericho missiles, flamethrowers, the guns our peacekeepers carry, all of that was me. When I was offered the job I refused at first, I’ve never had any interest in the games. I watch the government mandated half hour per day, and that’s it. And by ‘watch’ I mean it’s on in the background while I mess around on my phone. I much prefer the Bachelor, any Bachelor fans in the audience?”
“Anyone would be devastated by the loss of my handsome face. I suppose they’ll just have to soldier on without me.”
“Why in the world would I be backstage where it’s boring when I could be out here having fun with all of these lovely people?”
Spellcheck is messing with me, both google docs and AO3 are saying that "untensed" isn't a real word, but I googled it and I think it is? Like defined as 'to stop being tense'. Dictionary.com says I'm right but now it's bugging me... it feels like a real word. If it isn't, or if it is but I spelled it wrong, please let me know so I can fix it. I can't think about it any longer or else other words will start sounding fake too and it's all downhill from there...
“What orders? Sending our resident grandpa in alone is not a plan! There's no way we'll be able to get a clear shot through the birds, he’ll be going in blind with blinder backup, it's unnecessarily dangerous!” Tony insisted.
“Because we are running out of time," he said desperately. "Please Tony, one kiss. That’s all I ask for.”
With Steve safe and the threat gone, Tony turned his attention to Captain Britain. He looked like he was starting to refocus. He helped him to his feet with an arm around his shoulders and then over to a bench that had avoided most of the destruction.
“There are always a million things in the works, you know that,” he said noncommittally, then changed the subject. “I’m glad to see you’re safe. I’m much less happy with your performance. The teleprompter is there for a reason.”
Then Steve turned his back and walked away, hoping to never see him again. Because no matter what the other Avengers said, Steve didn't like him, and was glad to see him go. For reasons completely unrelated to Tony of course. He was Captain America, he wasn't biased, he just knew to trust his gut. Nothing to do with Tony. Thinking about Tony now, Steve noticed he wasn't on the jet. He looked outside, where he was gathering up his screeching box and talking to Britain.
Tony twisted himself in the bed so that their legs were lying parallel, and he was sitting up next to Steve. He rested his chin on Steve’s shoulder and Steve let his head rest against Tony’s. “I promise I’ll never ask you to stop putting yourself in danger, but it kills me when I’m the one who is helping to create the threat. This, Ultron, the Accords....”
“There’s canned ravioli in the kitchen if you want any. Clint and I will be outside, I think Tony’s still fixing the stove. He doesn’t have the right parts so I guess he’s trying to make them. We’ll talk at dinner, yeah? Pack harmony is important.”
He mumbled it back, and the next thing Steve knew it was morning and Tony was gone, and when he saw him in the kitchen he was back to his normal confident self. But now there was a new softness present in Tony's eyes when he looked at him, a warm hand holding his under the table, a gentle kiss before he left the house.
“Screw this up’ implies that there’s something there to get messed up.” Jan said, perceptive as ever. Her eyes widened. “Oh my god, do you like him now? Like like like?”
He shook his head sadly. “Sorry Tony, I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask for a divorce. The sea will always be my first love.” he said dramatically, striking a pose with one leg up on his chair. Tony grabbed his arm and draped himself over him. Oh. Steve brain stalled out. That was… that was a lot. Tony was warm and light and Steve felt the back of his neck heat up. Why was he like this? Tony didn’t seem to think it was weird, or notice his embarrassment, continuing on with his playacting.
Steve still wasn’t over him. You don’t live with someone, love someone, for almost four years then simply let it go. At least not Steve, though Tony had always said he had a problem with hanging on to the past.
Steve frowned. He didn’t see it either. He scanned the rows again. Silver, silver, silver, there was gold one, too old to be Tony's, silver, silver, a thin gold band, one with a ruby, one with a blue gem, what were those called? Sapphires? Then that was it, the next row was earnings. It wasn’t there.
“Cap, we lost him,” interrupted Hawkeye over the comms. “We followed them to a crowded area, the birds dropped them off  and people scattered everywhere. We weren't able to tell them apart from the civilians.”
“Going home sounds nice. I could see my sister again. Do you have anyone you’re trying to get home to?”
The bite healed as quickly as it was made. Stane shook his enormous head. “You Rogers and your ranch. I never cared about your shitty little plot of land or your worthless cows. I needed a reminder to keep the other wolves in line and on their medication. A bow is a powerful weapon, unless every opponent you face has a bow as well, and what is a wolf but another weapon? I’ve been in the munitions business long enough to know that you either have to find a way to destroy your opponents bows, or make yourself a gun. As you can see, I decided to do both. You were a means to an end, and then a convenient way to get Tony out of the inheritance and leave the pack to me. Now it’s time to clean up loose ends, once and for all.”
“There weren’t as many flying cars in the future as I was promised,” he complained, resting his head of Iron Man’s dark red shoulder. That was the other problem with Iron Man, he was not nearly as soft to lay on as Tony. Steve could fall asleep on Tony, he was so soft and warm and safe. And Tony would complain that he made his arm fall asleep, but he never pushed Steve off.
There was a large dent in the car door on the passenger side, something rusted and flaky against the paintwork.
Tony placed a hand on his chest, stopping Steve in his tracks, “Stay with me?” He asked, voice so soft and vulnerable. Steve hated it, he hated seeing Tony reduced to this by Ross of all people. Had he won? Was this his final victory?
His stomach was in knots, Tony had spent the night at his own place after working late last night as it was closer to SI than Steve’s was and it killed him to know how nervous Tony was about this press conference whilst knowing there was nothing he could do to support him other than send a text Tony probably wouldn’t get until it was over.
“I want to make you come like this.” Steve told him hoarsely, fingers buried to the hilt as they rubbed against his prostate again. Tony pushed back against him, trying to prolong the feeling.
The blast he had just set off had knocked back five men blocking his path, he always made sure to aim it at their feet rather than directly at them. Broken bones and concussions he could live with but he wasn't sure he wanted murder was on his list of achievements.
“Yeah, I’ve only just found out. He doesn’t know who I am yet otherwise I’d be dead but if he figures it out…”
Tony seemed to be in a chatty mood this morning, even without his coffee fix, “If it doesn’t, we could always run away. Get ourselves a nice getaway car, I’ll navigate. We’ll just see where we end up.”
“No, but I intend to find out.” Tony teased, grabbing Steve’s hips before flopping backwards onto his bed.
“I would have helped,” She offered, grabbing her own sponge from the bucket and joining Steve on his knees to start mopping up the red marking the drab floor.
The rest of Tony’s place was a whirlwind of genius in motion, if Steve had to guess. The living room was in the middle of the space, directly opposite the front door. There was a TV mounted to the wall and a well-worn soft light blue couch with a glass coffee table in front of it. The coffee table caught Steve’s eye, empty coffee mugs and notebooks and what looked to be bits of a car engine covered the surface, a smear of oil on the glass. Steve managed to find a pen in amongst it though and quickly picked it up before heading to the kitchen.
“He was a bad guy, Tony. He was Hydra.” Steve sighed, “You did what you had to do to survive.” And it was the truth. Ross wasn’t going to stop and Tony’s instincts were right to stop him but Steve never wanted it to be him that had to make that sacrifice to protect them. It wasn’t meant to be a burden on Tony’s shoulders.
There was a beat. A moment where Tony thought he was going crazy and then a figure walked into view. Black coat, brilliant red hair. Natasha.
Steve grunted, “I’m going to distract them, okay? You run straight for the exit. My team is out there, they’ll get you out.”
Steve crept a little closer, hand outstretched, “Yes, you can. Look at me, Tony. Just look at me instead.”
Steve knew that should be where his focus was. That’s where everyone else’s focus was. Even now as they watched a film together and laughed and joked and drank. Nat was probably calculating their next steps. Bucky was thinking about targets and points of attack. Steve knew this because that’s what he should have been doing.
“I don’t really. Fixed his car once when he got a flat tire, told me about this place and said I should check it out. Been coming here ever since.” Tony shrugged, “I don’t drink much anymore, just been a long day.”
He pulled at Steve’s thigh again, making him shift back down so Tony could lean up and kiss him. Steve was an excellent kisser, soft and demanding and consuming all at once. If Tony could drown in it then he happily would.
Tony threw the sketchpad onto the bed next to him and scrambled out of the sheets, following in their wake. Whatever this was had Thor spooked and was urgent enough to have him barging into Steve’s room. It wasn’t going to be good news. Tony could feel it like a knot in his stomach as he raced after Steve in his boxers and stolen shirt, jogging down the stairs to keep up.
He reached out to hook his finger around the wire of the nearest earphone, pulling it free of Tony’s ear with a smile. He could hear the bass of the song as he pulled it out. Tony whipped round, instantly relaxing when he saw Steve smiling at him.
By the time Tony made it back to Steve’s place it was already dark out, the knife Natasha had given him like a lead weight in his pocket the entire day. It was weird, to be there without Steve, to even be climbing those steps up to the front door again when Tony was sure it was something he’d never do.
Steve swallowed thickly, “Come on, gorgeous. Imagine me fucking you, my hands on your body. My mouth sucking at your neck right now. Think about how it will feel when you come around me, my cock inside you.”
Tony might wake up and come to his senses about just how bad an idea last night was and then they’d have to do that awkward thing where Steve pretended he had somewhere to be and Tony pretend that he didn’t know it was a lie.
Bucky had come through for him and not even an hour after he had received a call from his right-hand man, Steve was heading out to the location Bucky had given him to meet them. Natasha was with him, refusing to let Steve go alone despite his direct orders otherwise.
Tony stepped closer to him, more water running down their bodies and turning the stall floor a dusty pink, “I can’t stop seeing him, lying there…” Tony looked away for a moment to collect himself and Steve gave it to him, “Does it ever stop?”
Tony reached out a hand for him, fingers curling around the meat of Steve’s thigh as he let out of groan, “You’re thinking too much.” Tony commented, voice rough from sleep.
He was already walking away before Steve could answer and he was thankful. Steve felt his knees give way and had to grab the railing behind him for support as he felt a tear roll down his cheek.
“That’s because he’s got a head built for the fight.” Sam commented, “In the army Bucky was the top of the top.”
“Thanks for coming.” Steve told him and he hated out much that made it sound like a business transaction.
Tony had been on the computer, trying to trace back a shipment of guns he designed that had been diverted from where they were supposed to be. He spun his chair around to face Steve. “Between what?”
He had been wearing dirty clothes for over three weeks and he was sick of it. He shoved the clothes in a basket, walked downstairs to the basement and tossed them in the washing machine with a cup of soap. The machine made a horrible grinding noise as he turned it on, and the wheel inside didn’t spin. Steve opened the door, and manually gave it a push. The motor caught, and the laundry started turning. He shut the lid, his arm now soaked. Tony was standing behind him.
Tony gave him a wild grin, and pushed open the door, motioning for Steve to step inside the lion's den. Inside the office, Stern looked up from his paperwork and put his pen down with a frown. He ignored Tony to say, “Mr. Rogers, if this is about extending your loan deadlines, I’m afraid the answer hasn’t changed.”
Steve knew Bucky well enough to tell that this wasn’t something he could change his brother’s mind on. So despite more pleading from Jan and Clint, less than an hour later Bucky was back out the door, once again gone from their lives. The extra plate in the sink was the only proof that Bucky had ever come back from the dead.
Stane kept his eyes locked onto Tony’s as he reached around his desk, his hand closing on an envelope opener. He raised it above his head, the sharp edge gleaming. He stabbed down and Tony kicked his legs out, hitting Stance in the gut. His grip loosened and Tony pushed his way free, sliding over the desk to land on the other side. He pressed a hand to his chest where Stane had cut him. Blood wet his palm.
Bucky stood up and pulled him aside, shooting a glance at Tony. “Look, can we talk alone for a second?”
Tony closed his eyes. That was the last time Steve would ever say his name like that. Soft, trusting, the last syllable lilting upwards with affection.
Steve was looking at his phone when his leg bumped into something on the way to the kitchen. It was a rolling chair, and it gave a sad squeak as he accidentally kicked it. He looked up and saw that the entire room was filled with chairs, as well as desks, filing cabinets and a printer with a rather large dent in the side of it. This was new.
Steve half dragged him out of their burrow, careful not to nudge his ankle. Outside the air was much colder, and the wind stung their cheeks. Steve helped Tony lean against a tree.
“I’m doing contract negotiations for a consulting bid. Boring stuff, I’m going to be trapped in meetings tomorrow until 2. After that would you be up for some more tours?”
His mother spoke for the first time that night. “They don’t get a choice. Only one person can win. If they don’t fight, they die.”
A sham of a wolf like Stane would walk away, ignoring the traditional wolf challenge. Tony hesitated, stiff as a board as he watched Steve pace back and forth in front of him. As a wolf Steve could smell his fear, hanging thick and bitter in the air. Tony backed up until he was trapped in the corner of the basement, hands held up defensively as he trembled. Maybe he was surprised by the size of Steve's wolf? Or maybe the city folk didn't shift as much, with no where to run around. Didn't matter. Steve growled at him, an inarticulate “Fight me!”
Tony could see that he would not be persuaded on this matter so he picked a different argument. “Either of us could die in the coming battle, it is better to not become attached.”
Steve glared back defiantly, but Tony bowed his head in shame. Loki addressed Steve first, pacing in front of them like a cat before a mouse. “I had to say I thought I would never see you again, Captain. I thought you had fled to the mountains like the coward you are.”
He had never ridden one of these things before, though he had seen them in movies and wondered what it would be like. His parents weren’t the type to treat him to a day out at the park.
He frowned, and and pushed his hair back, getting soot in it. “Well, no, I’d need the part. That’s why this house is still an ice box.”
Behind him the judges quickly set the rankings and slid the pad and stylus across the table. Tony looked it over and was unsurprised to see that they ranked Steve last.
Stane turned his back to him and one of the Peacekeepers slammed Tony face first into the wall. His chin bounced off the slick surface and he felt blood filled his mouth where his teeth cut into his cheek. The peacekeeper dug his hand into Tony’s pockets and pulled out his phone, and threw it to the ground where another peacekeeper stomped on it. They hustled them down the hallway, Tony disoriented and still half carrying Steve who was too out of it to stand.
Tony sat back down and took a deep breath. He noticed that his hands were trembling and he put them together in his lap to hide it.
Tony nodded and let go of the wires. The cart died with a quiet whine. Tony hopped over the side and hit the side of the cart with his shoulder until they were facing in the direction that Steve had indicated. He started them back up and they drove that way for a few minutes, taking pauses for Tony to get out and nudge the cart around trees. Tony heard the dragon before he saw it, deep gasping breathes than stirred the leaves dotting the ground. The dragon blended into the pile of boulders it was laying on, except for the bright blue eyes that blinked ope as they approached. As they had gotten closer Steve had sat up in the cart, leaning forward in hopes that that might make they arrive the tiniest bit faster. Tony opened the door and Steve limped over to the dragon on his own power, collapsing at its side and hugging its neck. The dragon made a pained sound and tried to lift its head, dropping it back down before it made it more than a few inches off the ground. Tony got the med bag from the cart and cautiously walked over, watching the dragon's five inch long claws curl and uncurl on the ground, cutting furrows into the dirt. Steve waved him closer.
“If that artifact is what I think it is, I can attempt to explain why,” said the hostage. “I am the owner of a valuable diamond pendant, long suspected of being a lost piece of the Crown Jewels. Recently it was displayed at the jewelry store downtown as part of a promotion for their new historical line, but the display ended a few days before the break in, and at that point I had already moved it to my safety deposit box at the bank. After the store was robbed, I decided to move it to my personal safe. I'm glad I did, since the bank was the next place attacked. Although it did end up drawing that crook straight to my home, so maybe it wasn't my best plan after all,” the small man fretted.
There were gasps from the audience and Stane nodded his head grimly. “Shocking, I know. He had always been a good and loyal citizen, and I believe that he would have remained that way if not for the influence of this man.” They showed a picture of Steve glaring at the camera on the screen while Stane continued to talk. “He is the tribute from District 12, and he has been a threat to our citizens and our way of life since he arrived. He has no respect-”
Steve felt himself relax a little. The ranch had belonged to his pack for generations, and he had grown up here. Every nook and cranny held a story, most now bittersweet as the people he had made the memories with were now gone. The bushes where he had played hide and seek with Bucky, the porch where he had sat with his Ma as she knit, the fields where the cattle grazed and he'd catch crickets with Clint and Jan. This was his home, and he would do anything to keep it safe.
So Tony built monuments, Tony built marvels, he built fame and fortunes and Steve watched him do it from the stairs outside the workshop, standing the shadows where the light didn’t reach, his feet cold against the rough concrete floor. Then he went back upstairs, to the room they were supposed to share, with the pictures of them he had framed on the nightstand and the cork board he had covered in mementos from concerts and movies they’d been to, and lied in the cold bed and drowned in the past. Things had only gotten worse from there, eventually Tony started sleeping on the cot in the lab and two months later they tried to kill each other in an airport, and again a few hours later in the bunker.
Twenty minutes later the timer went off and they got up to take the muffins out. Steve opened the oven door and they looked at them.
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony to save his ranch from foreclosure. The dowry ends up falling short, but Tony agrees to help Steve and earns the extra money. The ranch is finally safe, and Steve and Tony are looking forward to the wedding.
“No problem,” the man said. As Tony reoriented himself and took a closer look, he realized that the uniform wasn't quite right. Tony pushed himself to his feet.
Bruce worked quickly, and as soon as it was wrapped they forced the boot back on, to provide extra support. Clint brought him back a thick stick with a slight curve to the top like a handle, and with it, Tony was able to stand up and hobble forward. Steve was walking away almost before Tony was fully to his feet. He was clearly upset about something. Was Steve mad he was slowing them down? Did he regret inviting him to the alliance?
He was in the games. He was actually in the games. He had to survive until Obie realized what a horrible mistake this was and got him out. He could do that, he only needed to last a day, maybe less.
What was he supposed to do now? Leave him here? After he died for him, Tony was just supposed to walk away?
Tony sighed. “Really, this sort of thing is why you are very last on the ‘Tony Stark favoritism list’. You're below the mailman, and I think physical mail is an affront to my very person. I hope you're proud.”
Steve pushed Tony's chair back down on four legs, unamused. “We can't go supersonic in city limits, last time the mayor just about popped a gasket. And this time you're riding with us on the jet, even if that means handcuffing you and tying you to the top.”
“It hurts,” Tony rasped, not sure if he meant his bruises, the loss of Yinsen, or the whole situation.
Steve looked at the wall patiently as he heard Tony mumbling to himself behind him. Tony let out a groan and dropped to the ground with a thump. Steve turned around and saw him start to shift. Tony’s bones snapped alarmingly as he reformed on four legs, his spine twisting itself out like a rope making sharp pops. His hands bled as claws erupted from his fingertips, the fingers looking like they were shrinking back from the bone as they morphed into paws. Slowed down to this rate, the process became grotesque, though it still went faster than the first time. It took less than five minutes this time for Tony to switch into a small dark brown wolf, the fur lightening towards his stomach and darkening towards his legs. His eyes were the same brown as when he was human, the only indicator that he wasn’t a normal wolf.
Tony blinked. That was a lot to take in. “Was that really- I mean, I was your first kiss? Aren’t you like 18?”
“Why are you dragging soot all over my house?” Ok, that was good, nice and harsh, didn't let on to the weird direction his thoughts had just taken.
Tony looked down at the can then back up at him in confusion. “Real soda? Diet Coke? You want a Pepsi?”
“Is there anything else you needed? No? Because I really do need have stuff to finish that I put off yesterday.”
Peacekeepers entered with buckets, and tossed water on the window until it all washed away in white streaks. Tony stopped the footage.
Steve knew he should go downstairs and apologize to Tony and Clint. He should be working with the others to try to come up with another plan. But after months of worrying, he had finally reached his breaking point. He was done caring. Steve buried his head in his pillow. It smelled like sweat and cows since he still hadn’t fucking done laundry. He threw it on the floor and went to sleep.
Instead it turned out that Steve was deluding himself; Tony thought they’d be best as friends and was going to go out with some stupid knock off Captain America. He didn't even have a shield! It made Steve so frustrated he wanted to scream, but he refused to get in the way of Tony’s happiness. If he wanted to date Brian, then Steve wasn’t going to stop him. Until Brian turned out to be evil, which he undeniably was, in Steve’s totally unbiased opinion. Then Steve would punch him right in the kisser and Tony would be so impressed he’d forget about staying friends and they’d immediately go out together.
Tony laughed incredulously. “Under the beds! No! They’re all like four inches off the ground! How would I fit? And why in the world would I be under a bed?”
“The big ones need to stay in, at least until tomorrow. Some of the stitches for the smaller cuts might be alright to take out, if they’re really itching.”
Steve immediately flushed bright red and Tony smiled. Oh, this was going to be fun. “It seems like we’ve hardly had a moment together before unfortunate circumstances are ripping us apart. First being sent here, then the rest of the team finding us, and now poor Thor.”
Except instead of hitting concrete, he fell into a net. It snapped under the weight of the armor but slowed his fall enough that he landed with only a few more bruises added to his already aching body. He was never going to make fun of birds again. He pushed himself up with a groan, and saw a man in a red white and blue costume walking towards him, holding a smaller man with a scepter in handcuffs. Hooray for teamwork.
Steve entered and gave Tony an approving pat on the shoulder. He walked towards the back of the jet and sat down, strapping in. Sam sat across from him, next to Clint, and he handed the archer some cash.
And we’ll just say screw it to all of them, and have a great time anyway and you'll come home with me, and any time you doubt yourself, I’ll be here, for the rest of our lives, to say that at least one person really, truly loves you, all of you, just the way you are. I love you Tony, I love you very much.”
“We don't have enough people to take care of the cattle. They don't have to join our pack, they just have to help in the summers, and we'll give you a cut of the meat.”
Steve glared at the ground. “I wanted to be there with him. I tried to join the army and they wouldn’t take me.”
And at that moment Tony stepped into the room with a grin, saying “Well that should be easy Beloved, I’m right here.”
“And I don’t want to lose what we had because you’re afraid of what it could become. We had something really good for a long time. A bitter end doesn’t erase the value of everything before it. Why can’t we pick up where we left off, now that we’re wiser to what went wrong?”
“I will protect you,” Steve said with total conviction. “I swear upon my life that you shall never come to harm under my watch.”
Steve walked around the loop, looking for something specific. He gently ran his hand over the head of an eagle. “This is the one I’d ride when I was little. When the carousel started, it felt like I was flying.” He pointed out a white wolf a couple animals ahead. “That’s the one Bucky would pick, he always wanted to pretend he was racing off ahead of me.”
Steve took a handful. “He’s my best friend. He’s over seas right now. I’m hoping he gets to come home for Christmas, but it’s not looking likely.”
Tony pulled his shirt off and turned the battery in his chest until it clicked. He pulled it out and it lit the shadows of the room with a soothing blue. He used his crippled hand to hold it to his stomach as he carefully cleared the broken shards out of the casing in Liberty’s chest. He eased the battery in and Liberty drew in a breath. Tony felt himself tilt backwards and he found himself staring out the broken roof and up at the stars. They all seemed to blur together into a swirl of light. He was sad that he had never gotten to go flying with Liberty. His view was ruined when Steve dragged him upright and leaned him against Liberty's side. He put both hands on the sides of Tony’s face. “Tony, listen to me. You need to let us in.”
Then Clint burst into Steve’s room with a shout, interrupting his train of thought. “Steve! You’re getting married!”
He turned and walked briskly out of the office, his legs feeling stiff and unnatural, down the hall to where everyone was sitting. He walked past them without saying anything, straight to the truck. It felt like the whole bank had watched him leave, whispering behind their hands. He got in, locked the doors and rested his head on the steering wheel.
He needed to plan. But he couldn’t, his mind was filled with static, his blood pounding in his ears. He could die at any second. He could die.
Steve went over to the remains of Stane’s clothes and rustled through them until he found his car keys while Tony had a hurried conversation with his three friends, who had helped as humans during the fight, beating back wolves with folding chairs. They all appeared relatively unharmed, to Tony's relief. Tony rejoined Steve and they went out to the dirt lot where the cars were parked.
Tony smiled back widely. It felt good to be close to someone in the chill of the tunnel, and being around Steve made him feel better. He had been scared out of his mind when he first entered the arena, and he had been in a constant panic until Steve stumbled out in front of him and he dragged him into his cave. Having someone else there, someone else to turn to when he was hurt or struggling, was the only thing making this horrible experience bearable.
Tony leaned forward in his chair. “You let me win. I was never supposed to win, I was a problem. I was supposed to die the first night, from something tragically boring, maybe hypothermia, maybe bad water. I wasn’t supposed to come back.” He leaned forward and grabbed Hammer by the tie, pulling him close.  “Because now I’m here to burn it all to the ground.”
Carol push a thick stack of documents forward on the table. “I’d like to start by saying that this document isn’t the accords. It isn’t even a version of the accords. All it says is that if there is a extraterrestrial threat, then the rogue Avengers are free to operate in any capacity deemed necessary until the threat is resolved, without threat of prosecution. After that, all bets are off and you’ll have to sign the accords or face jail time. Let’s face it, we don’t have time to talk politics, so this is the fastest way to make sure you all are free to do what needs to be done when the time comes. Will you sign?”
Tony blew out a breath and let his fingers curl shut. Steve took his hand and wove their fingers together. “Don’t do that. I’m saying yes. I’m saying you’ll do it your way, and I’ll do it my way, and we'll yell at each other until we figure out a way to meet in the middle.”
He used his phone to pull up last year’s opening ceremony, and watched it through. They never showed the chariot from district 10. Tony watched the sequence again, sure he had somehow missed it. There was no district 10. In the interviews, there was no female contestant from 10. How had he not noticed? He went back another year and watched through the interviews. The interview with the boy from 11 cut off after less than thirty seconds, as he started rising up from his chair. Tony went back another year. This time both the girl from 12 and the boy from 6 were missing from the interviews.
“Really?” Tony mumbled around a mouth full of eggs. “I guess it slipped my mind. It's not too late for me to whip you guys up some omelettes.”
Steve stepped between them, grabbing Tony’s arm and pulling him away. “Lunch sounds great, let's go get something to eat, and we can debrief Captain Britain, and get right back to stopping the birds on our own.”
Someone had shifted, gone feral, and ripped his throat out during a drug test trial. I had talked to him just that morning. The last thing I had ever said to him was that he was a sentimental fool for switching divisions. The last thing he ever said to me was not to waste my life. Then two hours later he lost his.
Steve sat up in bed, jolted awake. At first he thought he dreamt it, then it came again, louder. He hauled himself up from his bed and opened the door. It was too dark to see, but his wolf nose told him it was Tony. Once the door was open, Tony pushed past him to sit on his bed. He joined him, confused and disoriented. It didn’t help that Tony jumped into a question out of nowhere.
“Sure will.” Tony kept on rambling and Steve felt himself relax. Hospital, Tony was here, Tony would take care of it. Tony would take care of him.
Steve nodded his head in frustrated agreement. “More like annoying. He doesn't think, he doesn't ask, he just does these things, and it drives me crazy.” He ran his hands through his hair and started pacing.
He scrubbed his hands up and down his face. Were the games always like this, and he had never noticed? He had thought that it was all real. How much was cut?
“Where were you when Yinsen died, huh? I called you, and what did you say? Tony I’m busy, Tony he was just some random coworker, calm down, come have a drink, did you hear about the party Friday? Fuck you.”
They ate a leisurely lunch, then headed over to the bank so that they could finally pay off their loans on the house. Stepping into the air conditioned bank from the heat of the street outside always made him shiver. There was an intimidation factor there too, since he never felt more like a country hick than when he was walking down the bank's polished hallways, his books soiling the clean floors. All along the hallways stretched tidy offices, each containing a bureaucrat with the power to take away the land that his family had owned for generations.
Sam crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. “So we’re supposed to sit here on our asses and wait?”
Whoever was at the door knocked again and Peggy turned the latch and pulled it open. Steve spun around and dragged Tony down the hall before he could see who it was. If it really was Bucky, there was no way Steve would be able to leave after seeing him. So he dragged Tony down the hall and into the first open door, which ended up being a library.
“What?!?!” Steve roared, his hands balling up into fists. This was ridiculous. Would it be unethical to beat up an old man just doing his job? Yes. Would he do it?
Steve put his other hand on top of Tony’s and looked up into his eyes, his blue eyes clear and calm. “I’m going to miss you. For what it’s worth, I was lying earlier, it’s been real for me.”
I came here lost. I was reevaluating my life to the point where I no longer knew who I was. I hated what I was doing, and when I stopped I wasn’t welcome in my pack. I had nowhere to go, until I came here, and found acceptance. For me, and for my wolf. I was always trying to deny a part of myself, locking up my wolf, thinking I was dangerous, a monster on so many levels. You loved me to the point where I learned to love myself.
“Ok, so used to be the hotshot for the weapons development team at Stark Industries. I’m not going to make missiles anymore. That’s a big no. But, I still have my Master's degree, right? I know how to design fins and thrusters for missiles, I could do it for civilian aircraft or space shuttles no problem. But there's no way I could make 15 grand in three weeks consulting. So, I make a new design, pick a company, and sell the rights. I’ve done it before, or at least I’ve built something and legal helped patent it for me. I could do it again, and BAM! Fifteen grand, in the bank. Then I get a job consulting, and hopefully between me and your cows that will be enough to keep the ranch afloat.”
Jan and Clint exchanged a look, communicating silently. Jan nodded at Clint, and he darted out of the room with a muttered excuse. Jan then grabbed Tony’s arm and led him to the kitchen. “Well, let’s get some food into you before we send you off.”
The man nodded. “Things often do. I used to think my brother and I were the best of friends and closest of allies. I do not know when that changed, but change it did and I still suffer the consequences.”
“Great. We’re not even married and the honeymoon's already over.” Tony said with an exaggerated sigh. He opened the door and got out of the truck, walking around the back to start hauling suitcases out of the truck and into a messy pile on the ground, with Clint and Jan’s assistance. “So did Obie shove a stick up his ass this morning, or is he just always this delightful?”
“It’s alright.” Tony slide his hand down from holding Steve’s wrist to holding his hand. He tugged him closer, until his knees hit the bed. “Lay down.”
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in order to save the ranch. It turns out they're still short on cash, so Tony comes up with a plan. Tony and Steve have a heart to heart about their pasts.
He dug in himself, enjoying the taste of good New York style pizza. Wakanda claimed to be the most advanced country in the world, but could they really be that advanced if they hadn't figured out how to top crust with tomato sauce, cheese, and two tablespoons of good old fashioned grease? Everything they had over there seemed to involve a lot of vegetables and not much else. Steve physically couldn’t die of heart disease, it would be a shame not to take advantage of that.
Warnings for this chapter: Tony shifts and it isn't pretty but it's fast and he is unharmed at the end of it.
Tony shrugged, shy at how proud and earnest Steve was. “Ah, it’s your farm. And you deserve some credit anyway, for keeping me from going crazy.”
Steve shrugged. He walk back to the laundry room, where the machine had stopped again, making a angry grinding noise. He pulled his clothes out, and rinsed them in the sink. He wrung them out the best he could, put them back in the basket, and went outside and hung them up on the line. He went back inside to his room. Tony had stopped following him around, thankfully. He eyed his bed with longing, but got into the shower instead. He got out, and put the same clothes on. Give it up for day three. Maybe four. Five? He didn’t care at this point. Everything else was wet. He left his room, and went back to the kitchen. He sat down in a chair and waited. Like he had suspected, that was just what Tony had been waiting for. He crept into the room as casually as possible, and sat in the chair next to him. Steve noted he was wearing a new shirt, since he had soaked the other one. He was too emotionally drained to feel embarrassed. He nodded his head, permission to go. Tony gave him a small grin.
And now he looked at Tony, and just knew. Knew that no matter what shit he got himself into, Tony’d be half a step behind pulling him out. He knew that on bad days he’d be the one beside him, coaxing and laughing and teasing until Steve could finally take a clear breath. And Steve realized that he could do the same thing for him, and was prepared to do it everyday for the rest of his life if necessary because he didn’t think he could ever bear to go a day without Tony’s smile. So he held him close as he chose, Tony's heart fluttering lightly under his arms, as he picked a ring. And as Steve got down on a knee, to slip a cherry ring pop onto Tony's finger in a supermarket parking lot, he finally labeled that feeling. The give and take, the trust, the knowing that this was Tony, his beautiful, impossible, perfectly imperfect Tony, the only thing he could call it was is love.
He had survived the fucking Hunger Games, like hell he was going to die back home from a knife an inch longer than his thumb. He advanced on Stane, fists raised.
“You’re always such a wet blanket. I finished the design for the rocket thrusters!” He started bouncing up and down and Steve grabbed his arms to hold him in place. Tony danced away, and continued bouncing. Steve gave him a look.
