And before he can stop himself, he’s lost in the throes of a climax so intense, he barely registers what’s happening.  It feels as though his entire
The sound hits Sherlock like a slap to the face.
“Oh!  Right, then, I’ll just…” John swings his legs off the edge of the bed, and before he can pause to contemplate just what the hell he’s getting himself into, Sherlock is clambering on top of him.  Then he lowers himself down perpendicularly, the persistent heat of his cock coming into contact with the top of John’s left thigh.  They both gasp at the sensation.
“Oh, don’t flatter yourself.  He’s got some questions for you.  About that corpse with your fingerprints on it.”
John bites his lip.  It
“Demi… sexual?”
sense was something else entirely.
placed it following his standard post-session hazmat clean-up that morning.  Sherlocks eyebrows rise nearly off his forehead, and then he begins to type furiously into the screen.
“John, you can touch her.”
Finally, John seems to have decided he’s looked his fill, and he turns to make his way towards the closet.  Sherlock scowls after him; he’d really been hoping that John was planning to touch him, but it seems that wasn’t in the cards.  Not yet, anyway.
and John ceases kissing him just long enough to tell him so, murmuring it low and dark into his ear.  Sherlock just whines and cants his hips before spreading his legs ever further, and John knows it’s now or never.
John’s not sure if this is a factual statement or if it’s something Sherlock has added as his own personal embellishment, but he makes a mental note of it.
John gives his arse a playful swat.  “Not a chance, this is strictly off the record.  Can’t let you have something so incriminating on file, now, can I?”
“Nnngh.  Fuck.  I’m close, John, but I think I need… gah,
Despite himself, John snorted.  “Fine, point taken.  I just feel a little… out of my element in a place like that, you know?”
“Alright, love.  You’ve been so very good for me, I’d like to reward you.  You ready for me to claim you now?”
He notes John is still sleeping soundly beside him.  His face looks open and relaxed, and the sight of it makes something contract rather painfully in Sherlock’s chest.  John had been acting so strangely these past few days, so distant.  Sherlock had only wanted to help.  Only wanted to make John feel better.
He rises to his feet  (doing his best to ignore the screaming pain in his over-flexed hips, the dull throbbing at the back of his head, and the searing ache in his arse) and staggers towards his dressing gown, only to stop dead in his tracks at the sound of voices echoing down the hall from the sitting room.
Sherlock bites his lips, tears welling up in his eyes.  “John.  Please.”
“It was fine, thanks.  Rosie skinned her knee at daycare, but she’s otherwise alright.  We had mashed potatoes at dinner, which you know are her favourite, but about half of them ended up on the floor anyway.  She went to bed without a fuss, and now I’m just watching telly and having some tea.”
But two weeks ago, after inserting Sherlock’s plug and clambering clumsily back into bed to cuddle up beside him, he’d given him a swat that had landed
and he can’t help but lean into the carefully-woven web engulfing his thighs, torso, and arms.  The rope digs into his skin roughly, and Sherlock’s eyes roll back as he bites his lip.  It feels
it through something as minor as an abrasion--”
Sherlock nods.  “Yes.  Just… that was good.  That was really fucking good.”
“Yes, John.”
John simply drops to his knees beside him and pries the top off the bucket to reveal Rosie’s collection of sidewalk chalk they’d gotten for her to bring to the park.  He reaches inside and grabs three sticks.
Sherlock’s not quite sure what time it is, but it’s apparently not nighttime yet because John doesn’t put him into bed.  Instead, he brings him to the sitting room and lays him out on the sofa, then he feeds him cheese and fruit and chocolate between kisses and praise.  Sherlock licks and sucks at John’s fingers and closes his eyes and drifts for a while.
That’s not good.  That’s bad.  John calls him that when he’s bad because Sherlock doesn’t like that name.  But Sherlock likes it when John uses it because he likes being bad for John sometimes even when he wants to be good for John most of the time, and that doesn’t make sense, but it does, somehow, that he wants to be bad and good and it’s all okay because John says,
“Mmm.  Ask me nicely.”  John’s hands start to wander once more, his fingers toying with the garters perched atop Sherlock’s arsecheeks, following their trail to where they clip into the tops of his silk stockings.
It was impossible that Sebastian Wilkes-- attractive, popular, easygoing and brimming with effortless charm-- would want Sherlock for anything besides his brain.  Sherlock was a consummate loner (both by nature and as a result of his “standoffish” attitude), and the idea that someone like Seb would
“Y-y-yes, John…” Sherlock’s eyes are already rolling back in his head, and he’s leaning heavily against the cabinets as he arches into his own touch, exposing his pleasure for John to view.
in every conceivable position in every conceivable fashion from every conceivable angle.  And true, he did enjoy the myriad of other sexual activities he and John engaged in together, but he’d always found it beautifully obvious that
Sherlock nods, his head still lowered, but apparently resigned to his fate.  “Yes, Captain.”
“Um, well, no, I couldn’t tell, since you completely froze and then stared down at me like I’d just yelled Mycroft’s name.”
Fuck all of this.
“Uh… yes!  Yes, please.”  Sherlock settles back into the pillows, and John sticks two slick fingers back inside him to massage his prostate before lowering his lips back to Sherlock’s cock.
I don’t recall saying you were allowed to look at your phone,
Sherlock especially.  Christ, when John thinks about the man Sherlock had been when he first met him, he’s nearly unrecognizable when compared to the man he’s become.  Sure, he’s still stubborn and ornery and unforgivably pompous.  He can be snide and impatient and sometimes downright cruel, when he wanted to be.
The silence between them was deafening.
He doesn’t remember starting to drift, but he knows it happens because he loses track of time entirely.  At one point he’s fairly certain he hears a faint murmur of voices from the sitting room, but he can’t be arsed to care about the context of any of it; he simply stretches out his limbs, starfishing luxuriously, delighting in the way the come on his stomach feels tight and cool as it congeals.  He arches his back and gasps as the plug shifts inside him.  He curls his toes and sighs and nuzzles back into the pillows and drifts and drifts and drifts, waiting for John’s return.
having sex with Sherlock could do to him.  He could make love to him for hours and never tire, and his desire never waned.  Even after four orgasms, something in his brain always demanded
And he knows Sherlock struggles, too.  Though his moods had been generally level (erring on the side of ‘good’) and he hadn’t had a Danger Night in months, John could tell that there were times Sherlock wishes he could revert back to their old ways, sinking into a sullen snit when there were no good cases, and dropping everything else the moment the game was on.  As it stands, he now passes his spare time taking on freelance laboratory assignments and consulting for clients with fat checkbooks and dull cases.  When a real case comes about (an Eight-Or-Higher), he diplomatically checks in with John to make sure Rosie is accounted for before rushing off to the scene.  He requests John’s help (which requires finding care for Rosie and a fill-in at the surgery) only when absolutely necessary.  He is, for the most part, shockingly
John had never really thought of Sherlock as having
“Sherlock wasn’t your
“Oh my God.  Oh my God, Sherlock.  You look incredible.”
If it
“OH!  OH!  John, John, I’m coming, I’m coming, I’m-- OHHHHH!”
John raises his eyebrows.
He takes a deep breath and settles into the pillows.  “You should go shower.  I’ll call for you if I need anything.  And then we can… just sleep this off.  Things will be better in the morning.”
Victor called out
John licks his lips.  “Ready, sweetheart?”
“Good.  Go ahead, then.”
“Alright, love.  Will you get on your side, facing away from me?  Yeah, just like that.”  John turns and fumbles for the lube in the drawer of the nightstand, then returns his attention to Sherlock and proceeds to press a series of soft, sweet kisses down the length of Sherlock’s spine.  Sherlock stretches and lets out an impatient little huff, clearly ready for John to get on with things.
“Hello, naughty boys and girls!  Ever wanted to test your Sub to see if he or she has truly submitted to you?  Today we’ll be going over three fun, sexy, and challenging tests to see how well you’ve tamed your toy.  Ready?”  She gives a devilish wink.  “Let’s begin!”
When he comes to, he’s on his stomach, legs still spread.  John’s on top of him, his cock still inside him, and he’s moving it in and out in slow, measured strokes.
Sherlock goes nearly out of his mind with ecstasy.  After being so engrossed in the impact of the plug, having another part of his body subjected to stimulation feels
“Good, John.  I feel good.”
John quirks an eyebrow at him.  Sherlock doesn’t move.
John’s expression breaks into a bemused grin.  “Oh, is that so?”  He swivels his hips suggestively, and Sherlock moans as the friction through the silk of the panties sends sparks up his spine.
She laughs and stretches her legs out on the loveseat, arching her back
him, he
… Something different.
that flows between them as they move into this sacred space.
in another
“Sher… Sherlock, shhhh.”  He runs his hands up and down Sherlock’s back, soothing the rippling muscles.  “Shhh.  You’re okay.  You’re okay.  You’ve got this.  Shhhh, shhh…”
He whirls around to see a beleaguered-looking Moira beaming back at them.  She’s standing awkwardly (she made the mistake of wearing heels to the conference, not realising they were intending to make the attendees walk the 8 blocks to dinner) but waving enthusiastically, and Sherlock is mildly irritated to see a smile blossom across John’s face.
It’s… hell, he’s not quite sure what it is.  It’s unpleasant, at the surface; not only is he not exactly thrilled about the taste of his own come, but it’s intermingled with an obscene amount of lube, which tastes completely vile, and the combination of the two is bitter on his tongue.
John cocks his head.  “So why was tonight any different?”
Sherlock purses his lips distastefully.  “In passing.”
Sherlock swallows hard, and is startled to feel that his eyes are brimming with tears.
They didn’t know me… then.”
They’re both still kneeling, which he supposes
All traces of good will dissipate instantly, and Sherlock snaps his head to glare at John.
this, even though he’ll never understand what exactly is broken.  It’s a testament to how far he’s learned to compromise in terms of his tolerance of
he’s sore and tender and it needs to
me anything, but this time, yeah, I think… I think a bit of an explanation is warranted.”
“Well, yes.  I mean, you’re a straight man in a relationship with another man.  You must miss being with women, so I thought--”
His cheeks are flushed with arousal and the heat of the shower, and he notes with a sense of objective surprise that his pupils are so dilated, his eyes look nearly black.  John’s dog tags gleam brazenly where they lay against the pale skin of his sternum.  He looks wanton and desperate, even to himself.
It’s not sexual.  While it’s true Sherlock is completely nude and John is fully clothed, while they most often use
His forehead bows between his forearms, resting against the worn leather of the sofa, and he can feel his eyes slam shut as the corporeal sensations overtake him.
he was,” Aaron replies through gritted teeth.  “Seems MI5 has a double-agent in their midst.”
sight that would be, John swimming in a coat nearly taller than he was himself, and dissolve into a hysterical bout of giggles that ceases only once they’re seated comfortably at the pub, working their way through a shared Ploughman’s Lunch and a pair of pints).
and John gently rakes his fingernails against Sherlock’s scalp as he takes inventory of the situation.
Under John’s guidance, he’d learned how to harness that desire and wield it not as a weakness but as a
Why is anger and possessiveness all twisted together with his voyeurism and sadism and dominant tendencies?  Why does he so badly want Sherlock to disobey him, just so he can break Sherlock all over again and make him do nothing
John pinched the bridge of his nose and discretely sidled away from Sherlock, who smelled so strongly of smoke and stale coffee John could practically taste the grit on his own teeth.  “Right.  But you’re eating, so… case closed?”
Sherlock understands implicity.  John feels him lower himself to sit on the tabletop, and moments later he’s wrapping his impossibly long legs around John’s waist, pulling him close, closer, until they’re grinding and moaning into one another’s mouths and John knows he has to keep this moving or they’re both going to come apart at the seams.
Swearing under his breath, he forces his hands to move another two stairs up, then attempts to shuffle his knees as delicately as he can to follow.
The files are encrypted, of course, but it doesn't take Aaron long to crack them; it seemed that storing them in RESERVOIR was secure enough from GreySphere’s point of view, so they appeared not to have bothered much with much additional encryption, assuming the files would never be found.
<17:12> I’m kipping on a friend’s sofa.
Sherlock isn’t normally particularly verbose during sex.  That’s not to say he isn’t
Sherlock can’t wait for everything that comes next.
s, he must be enjoying this quite a bit indeed.
“Fuck,
“Of course.  Anything, John.”
“Sherlock, come on, you don’t need me there.  You
“Moo.”  Rosie’s response is surprisingly stoic.
Shit, shit, John only calls him
Sherlock slowly rises to sit cross-legged on the bed, looking uncharacteristically youthful with his hair in disarray, shoulders hunched as he peers up at John appraisingly.  “You’re… so you and Rosie are staying at your mother’s, and I’m staying here?”
“Shhh, love, we have to be quiet! There are
He fumbles clumsily with the phone, but somehow manages to pick it up.
than having his undivided attention.
Javier grins, a wicked, wiley smile.  “What would you like to see?”
“They insisted upon it.  I assumed they had access to the security network or had the club bugged and were simply collecting evidence for eventual blackmail.  After all, all of my targets were involved in the government in some way or another, so being spotted at a purported ‘sex club’ with a professional dominatrix would certainly raise a few eyebrows in the halls of Parliament.  All in a day’s work, I figured at the time.  My handlers paid handsomely, and the work was sporadic and minimal.  A decent enough gig.”
And then he holds up the reindeer antlers.
“What are these?”
“Gah,
And there, nestled into a supple lining of smooth black silk, is a pair of crimson panties.
“Bye, Sherlock.”
“The hospital?  Are you a doctor? I thought John said you worked with the police force?” Arthur seems understandably confused.
But then Aaron turns to meet Sherlock’s eye, and Sherlock is relieved to see the familiar trace of a smile on his lips.  “That’s… that actually might be really nice.  I’ll ask her about the details.”
That said, he sometimes resented the pathways his brain would travel when he was left to his own devices, impatiently whiling away the hours as he waited for the results he required.
Sherlock is unsure of how much time has passed as he meanders through scenario after scenario of all the delightfully deviant acts that may be in store for him, but when he feels the familiar press of John’s palm against his knee beneath the table, he’s so startled he visibly jumps.
John runs his hands greedily up and down Sherlock’s muscular thighs, which are still bracketing John’s hips.  Sherlock arches a bit, showing off his figure, his perfectly-tailored suit jacket falling open to reveal his pecs straining against his light blue button-down.  And
but unable to vocalise what, precisely, it is.
He supposes he’ll never know.  And in this moment, he doesn’t particularly care.  All he knows is that he needs to be inside Sherlock
Some of us have
didn’t automatically imply a crippling codependency (which, in hindsight, it was glaringly obvious that he and John had shared back before the Fall); instead, it was a perfectly reasonable response to the trauma that the two of them had endured together.  Leaving John to go on the run, John’s rejection upon his return, Sherlock’s subsequent relapse and exile, the loss of Mary… it all knitted together into a tight pattern of loss and rejection.  It was therefore perfectly logical that at times, Sherlock would feel needy or clingy.
“You just don’t get it, do you?  He’s not going to get over this.
John relinquishes his hold on Sherlock’s hip and beings to run his hand up and down his back in an effort to gentle him.  “Shhh, it’s alright, it’s alright, just breathe…”
Sherlock groans and buries his face in the sheets.
“You’re already so open, I think you can take me again now.  You feel good?”
It’s an odd angle to watch the proceedings from, Sherlock thinks to himself as he stares into the full-length mirror.  He’s able to get a clear view of himself, dangling from the ceiling like a fly trapped in a web, with no hope of escape.  His arms are straining and his chest is heaving, and his erect cock and tight balls look unspeakably lewd framed by John’s immaculate ropework.
Against all odds.
Eventually the tension eases from Sherlock’s fingers and John feels him begin to gently card his fingers through his hair, encouraging him.  John smiles (well, as much as he can with a mouth full of cock) and gets to work.
And despite everything he’s feeling in this moment, he doesn’t want John to stop.
At that moment, John finally realises what Sherlock is waiting for: He’s asking for permission of his own.
“But apparently somewhere along the way Sherlock and I made the incredibly audacious mistake of making
INCOMING TEXT FROM: John Watson
“Shit.  Sorry, love.  I’ll get her.”
“Oy, John, there you are!  We were beginning to think you’d skived off altogether!” John’s reappearance downstairs is heralded by a rosy-cheeked Bill Murray, whom he’s fairly certain he’d seen exchanging furtive sips from a clandestine hip flask with Simms and Johnson, both of whom, John had been touched to see, had come in for the occasion.
and without hesitation.  He’s forceful and stern, while still careful and calm.  He’s perfection.  This is perfection.  This is the man Sherlock has chosen to surrender to.  This is the man Sherlock chose.
Sherlock clears his throat.  “I just--”
Sherlock wants to see the look on John’s face right now,
John’s hands feel clammy.  He wipes them on his trouser leg and then resumes typing.
But alas, Mycroft stood between him and his warm, soft bed.  While Sherlock was perfectly content to skim by on a mere three hours of sleep a night (if John could even convince him to partake in that), John himself was practically a zombie unless he managed to squeeze in at least five, and knowing that Sherlock would be expecting him to be back on the case as soon as the coroner’s office opened again in the morning, time was of the essence.  There was no use in dawdling outside and hoping Mycroft would take his leave--if Sherlock hadn’t managed to dismiss him yet, there was a good chance he was in need of backup.
You want that?  You want me to claim you?”
When at last he feels ready to pull away, he’s not particularly surprised to feel that his own face is streaked with tears.  He can’t remember the last time he’s felt so vulnerable, and he prays John won’t overreact.
John bites back a smile, clearly mildly amused.  “Tuesday evening.  You alright?  You’ve been working too hard, let me get you something to eat…” He rises and slaps his laptop shut, making his way towards the kitchen.  “There’s a plate of leftovers in the fridge--”
John says nothing in response.  He just makes his way around to the other side of the bed and repeats the process with Sherlock’s left leg, immobilising him in that sweet, intoxicating way that only
Sherlock shrugs.  “I’d imagine so.  I just… the results of the ash, John.  They can’t wait.”
The girl is
Aaron takes a deep breath, then looks at Sherlock with an imploring gaze.  “Listen, I’m fine staying quiet about what
was what his transport had been craving all along, and John Watson was the only man brilliant and bold enough to deliver it.
John’s brow furrows; he looks utterly lost.  “What… what are you going to do with that?”
John stops in his tracks.  “Where are you going?”
“Yes, John.”
and the fact that he’s tied down and helpless and completely at John’s mercy is such a rush, it magnifies the sensations tenfold.
He’s still in the throes of the aftershocks, trembling and gasping, when John withdraws the vibrator and climbs on top of him.  The sudden desire to
“Shhh, shhh, it’s okay, nice and easy now, deep breaths…”  John’s tone is soothing and calm, and Sherlock arches into the sensation of John’s palms stroking reassuringly up and down his back.  He relaxes, and just lets himself breathe.
At long last, he feels the plug slip in the rest of the way, the flared base seated firmly against his rim.  He quivers and moans, and John leans down to place a reverent kiss against his coccyx.  “There we go, sweetheart.  Mmm, fuck, you look so perfect, so goddamn perfect for me.”  John’s fingers trail lazily up and down Sherlock’s crack, catching slightly over the base of the plug.
“I’m willing to step in for you anytime, John, you know that.”  He shoots John a rather
Sherlock takes a deep breath, and nods.  “Yeah.”
“It’s me, Johnny.  It’s just me.”  Her voice sounds small.  She’s scared?
“Sure thing.  Cheers, Bill.”
The thought is so erotic that Sherlock lets out a whimper of his own as he coats his pointer finger with lube.  Then he reaches down between John’s legs, and guides his finger to his furled opening.
Sherlock purses his lips.  “Eight theories so far.  Three good ones.”
Sherlock dimly registers John rising to his feet to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s swaying form, pulling him close to his chest, pressing kisses against his neck and murmuring soft words of praise into his ear.  Sherlock can feel his body respond instantly, his coiled muscles relaxing, sinking into the soothing tones of John’s affirmations.
Sherlock purses his lips in consideration.  “It was, wasn’t it?”
“Y-y-yes.” Sherlock’s response is punctuated by soft mewls.
Sherlock glowers back at him.  “I know, I know, it’s vain and it’s petty and it’s narcissistic, but I just… it doesn’t feel like
“OH!  Oh God, oh Sherlock, God, it feels so good… your arse feels so good.  Ngh! Ngh!”
“Well, in that case, you’re a raving success, my dear.”  John leans in and presses a rather chaste kiss against Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock can’t help but grin back at him.  Despite the fact that he’s currently stark naked and coated in his own come, nothing about their current situation feels sexual-- just beautifully, overwhelmingly intimate.
John zips himself back into his trousers and gets to his feet.  Sherlock is still face-down on the floor.  He’s shaking rather violently.
Sherlock lets out an indignant huff.  “That doesn’t seem like the worst way to go.”
Sherlock sat bolt upright, eyes blazing.  “You tricked me!”  He sounded so scandalised, John almost laughed.
But John reminds himself to
Sherlock gives him a look of oblivious innocence.  “What? It just… came up in conversation.”
Sherlock arches into the sensation against his chest, his eyes going wide.  “Y-yes.  Close.”
of himself.  Proud of how far he let John take him down, proud of how good he was when John asked him to be, proud of what he endured simply because John wanted to watch him take it.  Proud of his transport for obeying John’s commands.  Proud of his mind for finally letting go.  And proud of his heart for loving John enough to let himself be this vulnerable.  This fragile.  This truest, purest form of himself.
Can you do that for me?”
Greg cocks his head.  “What about her?”
In an instant, Sherlock is seated at the desk, flicking open John’s laptop and typing furiously.
He desperately wants John to pay attention to him, but at the same time, he wants John to ignore him.  Every time John
And yet.
Because his mourning over Mary-- her love, her loss, all of it-- he’s come to terms with that.  He understands the stages of grief and that there will be ups and downs.  But he’s on a steady path of progress, direct and sure, and he’s confident that he’s moving in the right direction.
“Mmmmm,
Despite himself, Sherlock shivers.
“I needed to be sure you didn’t want to be in pain.”  John pauses for a moment before jumping back in to clarify.  “I wouldn’t judge you if you were into that, of course, it’s just… something that I wouldn’t be able to give you.  I’d want you to be aware of that.”
everything.
Sherlock’s heart is suddenly in his throat.  “Yes, please.”
Dear readers, thanks so much for your patience on this one!  I kept becoming distracted (ahem) by the “Stag Night” prompt which, never fear, is next in the queue!
Sherlock hesitates.  “But how can you trust anyone right now?  We don’t know the real identities of GreySphere’s off-the-books operatives.  The people they employ directly and have on their payroll, that’s easy enough, but there are code names in these files we haven’t even started to crack--”
“...But?” John can tell there’s more to the story.
me.  Besides, it’s not like I can count on Harry to be the sober one.”
“Because…” John twists his hands in his lap before picking absently at a hangnail.  “Because all the people I’ve told know me
“Open up!”  The command is needless; Sherlock’s mouth had remained slack and pliant, but the mere act of uttering the command still turns him on.
“And what, that’s what you saw in him the first time you crossed paths?  He made your magical
“Okay.  Want to feel you clench for me, love.”  And with that, John licks both of his thumbs and then reaches forward to brush them ever so delicately against Sherlock’s abused nipples.
It’s fucking magic.
Sherlock looks slightly reassured.  “Okay.  Okay, then.  In that case… I liked it a lot, John.  It was good for me.  And it seems like it was good for you, and for Aaron, too.”
inflicting pain during sex, but as lucky a turn-up as that was, it had taken John a lot longer to make his peace with it.  But slowly, steadily, John was learning to express his enjoyment of Sherlock’s pain-turned-pleasure.
Sherlock pretends her praise doesn’t make his cheeks flush.
me, John, knows what I want and what I like and how I
He swivels his hips a bit as the last few spasms work their way through him, and a bone-wracking shiver makes its way up his spine.
“Sherlock?  Look at me.”  Sherlock blinks up at him, and John cups his face in his hands, eyes reading Sherlock’s expression like he’s an open book.  “Hey there.  Sweetheart, are you… are you under?”
Unsteady fingers make their way to Sherlock’s belt, and John fumbles a bit as he struggles to unfasten it.  He can feel Sherlock’s hardness brushing against his knuckles, straining through the constricting fabric of his perfectly-tailored trousers, and he chuckles amicably into Sherlock’s panting mouth.  “Mmm, a bit eager?”  His voice sounds low and laced with arousal, even in his own ears.
be weirded out or turned off, but instead finds himself dizzyingly, maddeningly aroused, faint with the fever of his own desire.
Sherlock can’t help but wrinkle his nose in distaste as he peruses the flashy website for Splay.  Across the room, John gives him an inquisitive glance from where he’s sitting all but buried under a small mountain of medical records Sherlock had dug out of storage from their initial investigation of the Craneworthy case last year.
It was hateful.
So when Sherlock had explained to John (in awkward, stammered sentences), that he often preferred to come
the colour of blood and sex and desire, hot and heady and uncompromising.
And what has John offered in return?  Transparency, yes-- to a degree, certainly more so than he ever had in the past.  Communication, surely-- John has worked to overcome his tendency to default to the “stiff upper lip” mentality so ingrained by his upbringing.  But these efforts seem dwarfed by all Sherlock has done to make their situation
<19:38>  Charming.
“I’ll tell it if anyone asks.”
Then John would bring Sherlock his dinner and feed it to him in bed, kissing him between bites, doting on him unashamedly, and Sherlock would let him, and he’d love it, and afterwards they’d fall asleep together, breathing each other in.
“That’s it, that’s it, sweetheart.  Hold on, now.”  John tightens the belt again, and Sherlock’s body jerks and tenses at the sensations overtaking his nervous system.
“So you knew that fisting existed?”
“Mmmm, that sounds amazing, love.  How about you lie down next to me and I’ll make you feel good, yeah?”
John grins, his smile back to being sincere.  He seems honestly chuffed that Sherlock is making choices for himself.  It’s very tedious.
And he’s
The comment catches John so off-guard he visibly startles.  His fingers pause mid-sentence to hover over the keyboard of his laptop, and he he can feel his eyebrows rise in incredulity.  He hasn’t heard that word grace Sherlock’s lips in months.
about it.  Sherlock’s cheeks flush just thinking about it.  She must think he’s completely off his rocker.... as if she didn’t already.  And her conclusion had been to tell John that Sherlock must want a
it, a low-current, sizzling sensation beneath his skin, like the electricity in the air before a thunderstorm.  But this one caught him off-guard.  It had been a long time since that happened.
John sits down across from him.  “Dare I ask what happened?”
John reaches out, placing his hand face-up on the table.  Sherlock’s a bit surprised; John didn’t usually like engaging in public displays of affection, but it seems tonight, he’s in an affectionate mood.  Sherlock places his hand in John’s, and John gives it a light squeeze.
John, who is jerking himself so enthusiastically at the scene playing out that Sherlock’s half worried he’s going to lose control himself before they reach the landing of their flat.  His pupils are blown so wide his eyes look black, dark and consumed with lust for the man submitting at his feet.  Sherlock meets his gaze, and John’s breath hitches as he strokes himself even faster.
He pauses outside the John Watson wing of his Mind Palace.  Tempting to go back and simply relive an old favourite, but perhaps tonight he ought to indulge himself with something a bit more out of the ordinary?
He nods muzzily.
John shoots him a worried look.  “You alright, love?”
John raises his eyebrows.  “Three?”
But he was midway through a hellishly hectic day at the surgery, Sherlock wasn’t on a case so he was available to pick up Rosie from daycare, and nothing sounded more refreshing than a few pints of lager and a hearty dose of bellyaching about the mundane injustices of daily life with a mate.  So he hadn’t thought much of it.
Of course, in the moment he didn’t take the time to quantify or rationalise any of it-- he never did back then, before one of their
John resolutely soldiers on.  “Or maybe… maybe orgasm
And that’s it.  The fragile, gossamer thread of tension between them pulls and
John wants nothing more than to stay and watch the proceedings, but he knows that would be giving Sherlock too much leverage.  Instead, he feigns nonchalance as he makes his way over to the foot of the bed, where he retrieves the full-length mirror they kept there.  He picks it up, then re-positions it leaning against the wall between the doors to the bedroom and the bathroom.  From his place on the floor, Sherlock shoots him a curious look, but he doesn’t inquire; he simply continues to work his fingers into himself, his breaths coming in quick, harsh gasps as he attempts to ignore his throbbing erection.
And finally --
Sherlock howls and flails, but the bindings hold tight.  He can hear John chuckling as he nibbles and tongues at his latest conquest, the clever fingers of his left hand keeping Sherlock’s other nipple hard with a series of sharp pinches and plucks.  Sherlock grits his teeth and moans as he writhes, unsure of whether he wants to pull his chest away from John’s ministrations or push himself forward, wantonly begging for more,
He can’t wait to take him apart.
But this new position has forced his pert arse to tip up, offering John an even better view of the two perfect round orbs he’s currently penetrating that hot, delicious place in between.
Sherlock meets his gaze in the mirror without hesitation.  “I feel good.  I’m ready, John.  I can take you.”
closer than he thought.  He’d wanted to make it last this morning, but hell, it all feels too damn good.
Sherlock frowns.  “But then.  Then they’ll think.  They’ll think John and I.”
career paths Mycroft had pushed him towards back in the day.  He was always destined to be a lone operator.
Sherlock wails as John twists his nipples, and a pulse of precome leaks from the tip of his cock.  “Y-yes, John, all for you…”
He does his best to keep his tone calm and affirming, but he hates it when John acts like a martyr like this.
“OH!”  Sherlock made a startled sound, and John’s eyes flicked to the screen; in the video, the young man had just engulfed the full fist inside of himself and was arching his back, moaning pornographically as sweat dripped down his face.
Because no one in their right mind would be able to tolerate the
“Alright, John.  I’ll let you know.”
John scoops up Rosie from her crib and carries her up the stairs.  She’s sleep-sated and muzzy, but she curls into his arms the moment John lowers her to the bed.  He lays down beside her, and for a few precious hours, he sleeps.
Jenny nods, her face full of compassion.  Sherlock forgets sometimes that she knows first-hand what it’s like to live with a veteran suffering from PTSD; it’s reassuring in a way he doesn’t quite know how to quantify.
After all, that was the word he used when John was seven and his father caught him having a tea party with Harry and her dolls, and hauled him out of her room by the back of his shirt.
“Good, I’m glad to hear it, love.  You going to come for me?”
“Alright.  Say stop if you need me to.”  And with that, Sherlock feels the ice-cold tip of the dildo press firmly against his wet, open hole.
He’s cut off by an abrupt bark of laughter and whirls around in the direction of the sound, only to find John leaning casually against the doorframe, observing.
Sherlock knows better than to protest, and at this point, he’s too exhausted to make much of a fuss.  He pulls his thighs up to his chest and grasps himself behind the knees, opening himself for John’s inspection.
me and that… that turns me on.”
Before long, Sherlock bends his top leg and plants his foot on the bed, parting his cheeks, and John’s cock slips eagerly between them, the tip catching lightly on Sherlock’s rim.  John gasps in anticipation, and Sherlock lets out a rumbling moan.
even more.  And you
But then Sherlock got on his knees, and
It was part of their power exchange.
but Johnny, you don’t know what it’s like to see you when you’re suffering like that!  I tried just saying your name but it wasn’t working, so I just reached out to touch your arm--”
He doesn’t have to be a genius to know this will get John’s attention.  John loves it when Sherlock moans.  Sherlock has a large body of evidence to back this up, from both sexual and non-sexual scenarios (though admittedly the non-sexual scenarios, such as when Sherlock would moan around a particularly decadent bite of dessert at a restaurant, usually became sexual
“Alright over there, sweetheart?”
<15:25> so you’d best get down to business
It wasn’t just
“So gorgeous.  Now.  I have a fun new activity for us, love, if you’re feeling up to it?”
“I don’t despise it.  Quite the opposite, in fact.”
“Yes. John.”
“Piss off yourself, you’re the one who called me.”  It’s good to hear a smile in Sherlock’s voice again.
threshold and soldiered straight on to
“Uh, no, it was… um, sodomy, I guess.”
OKAY. HERE WE GO.  BACK IN THE SADDLE.  LET'S DO THIS.
“Twenty days.  So not worth it.”  Sherlock peers over at him and noticed that the lines on John’s forehead have grown pronounced.  Perhaps he shouldn’t have mentioned--
for too long.
the way John wanted it.
But instead, John has pinned down his wrists with his hands to hold him in place.  And John’s impaled him with his cock, he’s put
“You of all people understand the fragility of life.  Have you made plans for Rosie should something happen to you?”
John finishes his toast and deposits his plate in the sink.  Sherlock has eaten everything but the crusts of his, and John looks pleased as he clears his plate away.
“Who?”
Sherlock can’t help but grin.  “Yeah.”
“I’m looking up a full list of arson fires in the past ten years that have resulted in a single casualty.  Because chances are, that casualty wasn’t a result of the fire.”
“I know.  Doesn’t mean I’m not sorry it spoiled our evening.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “That’s utter rubbish, John.  Have you any idea how much I’m suffering over here?”
“Come.”
“Shit, that’ll be Clara.”
Alcohol made him more outgoing; it lowered his inhibitions, but it had little impact on his reactions to external stimuli, and merely served as a magnifier of his current personality.  If he drank while he was in a good mood, it would amplify that emotion to a marginal degree.  If he drank while he was in a bad mood, it would exacerbate his current state.  The correlation was direct, and unsurprising.
“Sorry?”
So then what the hell was he getting at?
“Alright, then.”  John rises to his feet and walks over to grab onto something next to the wall on the fireplace.
But no matter.  The two of them were nothing if not resilient.
On the screen, the hand pulled away and returned, this time with four fingers.  They sank in deeply, and the man tipped his head back and wailed.  John noted that Sherlock’s cock twitched in sympathy, and a drop of precome dripped from the tip onto his abdomen.
“Alright, love, deep breath-- thank you for letting me know you were too close, that was very good.”
“Yes, John.”  The words feel wet and tight in Sherlock’s throat.  He’s not feeling needy; he knows he’ll be fine if John leaves, he’s not worried about that-- he’s more concerned with how damn
“Are you fucking deaf?  Go on.  Stupid slut.”
But the next second, all of that disappears.  Because John tangles one hand in the hair at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, puts the other on his hip with an iron grip, and then impales him in one forceful thrust.
Sherlock pops the
Above him, John moans as he lavishly grinds his still-twitching cock into Sherlock’s arse.  Sherlock huffs an exasperated sigh, and waits for him to be done.
...I also updated the chapter count, because all the filth simply could not be contained in a mere 8 chapters.
And a few accomplices.
“God!  John, please.  Please.  Need you.”
“Mmm.”  John presses a soft kiss into the back of his neck.
<19:22> What?
and then he was coming so hard he stopped breathing.
important.”
“Yes, please John.”
Then the expression on John’s face shifts, and the next thing Sherlock knows, the hazy look is gone from John’s eyes, and he’s staring down at him with a poignant clarity that makes Sherlock want to go to pieces on the spot.  “Sherlock… God, sweetheart, I’m yours.  I’m yours, I’m yours, only every been yours, love… you’re the only man I’ve ever loved, the only person I want to be with, God, sweetheart, it’s you, it’s always you, only you, it’s only ever been you…”
treat.  Then he’d made Sherlock strip and kneel in front of the full-length mirror while he affixed the collar, cuffs, and gag to Sherlock’s trembling form, tightening them until they were
<15:23> Go on and get back in bed for me.
to shield you from the repercussions of your careless actions, but now,
Sherlock’s gaze immediately drops to the floor, abashed.  “Of course.  Sorry, John.”
analyze his most discernible tells.  And then record them in his journal.
“And we got it?”
John has to fight the urge to roll his eyes; sometimes he envies Sherlock’s total disregard for social norms and obliviousness to culturally-imposed notions of shame.  “Because it’s weird to imagine people you know without their clothes on.”  He moves to stand himself and grimaces, his muscles clearly feeling the fallout from the previous night.
John narrows his eyes.  “And how exactly did it
welling up inside of him as it threatens to spill over.
Sherlock meets her gaze evenly.  “Yes.  We live together.  Seems only natural I ought to pitch in occasionally.”
“Ah!  John!  Ah!
“Is that all you’ve been eating for dinner since you got here?  Be honest.”
John rolls his eyes and rises to his feet, then offers Sherlock a hand to do the same.  “As relieved as I am that you’re pleased with this turn of events, we will NOT be making a habit of it.  The human mouth is absolutely filthy, you know.”
Sherlock nearly arches off the bed, his hands flying out to twist in the bedsheets, head thrown back in apparent ecstasy.
<17:23> Looking forward to our recklessly mundane gossip session.
and Moriarty
John simply cocks his head appraisingly.  “Hmm.  Too bad.  You made a promise you’d be
Sherlock hiccups gently, and when he speaks, John can tell he’s been crying.  The thought sends shockwaves straight to his cock, which is still resting patiently inside Sherlock’s hole.  “Yes, Captain.”
involved in a straightforward case of strangulation.
“Dat.”  She points her pudgy finger in the direction of the mantle.
undeniably intriguing about the way this new haircut has shifted Sherlock’s overall appearance, from something slightly unconventional to something much more…
The comment blindsides him, and John stops in his tracks, taking a beat before he’s able to formulate his response.  “What are you insinuating, exactly?”
“Yes, Captain.”
“Oh, sweetheart, I know you need it, and you’ve been so very patient, haven’t you?”  He uses his spare hand to issue a few reassuring strokes up and down Sherlock’s back.  He’s walking a thin line here; he feels bad that Sherlock’s been feeling neglected, of course he does, but they
“Oh.”  Sherlock blinks up at the dark emptiness of the ceiling.  He’s not quite sure where John is going with this; they’d played with orgasm delay plenty, but the only time John had used outright
And Christ, that word coming out of Sherlock’s mouth sends shock waves
“Be that as it may, I’m more convinced than ever that the cases are connected.  Craneworthy is just the tip of the iceberg.”
And oh
John’s face appears in his field of vision.  His eyes are warm and fond, and Sherlock smiles up at him.  “Hi there, sweetheart.”
It’s on the morning of the fourth day that he picks up the newspaper, settles into his chair, takes a sip of tea, and then promptly spits it out all over the front page.
He looks down to see that John’s put him in a fairly standard chest harness.  It looks lovely; John’s knotwork has become impeccable with practice, and the unique colour of the rope adds a flare of the deviant to the design, offsetting the porcelain-pale white of Sherlock’s skin.  Sherlock feels himself smile.
Finally, John speaks.  “So.  Um, I was… I was thinking about making a sandwich.  Would you like one?”  The words sound foreign and stilted.
and the like.”
was beyond him completely.
“Working on anything interesting at the moment?”
“And not a mandate, just a suggestion: You
He says it more to himself than anyone else, and in three quick strides, he’s standing before him, untethering the belt from the back of the chair and pulling the leather from between Sherlock’s trembling lips.  “Love, are you alright?  Are you hurt?  Talk to me, please…”
Sherlock had been nervous.  A part of him wanted to avoid the topic entirely, but he reminded himself that it was important to
“He… he asked me if I wanted to go back to his place.”
Jenny adapts a look of faux-scadalisation.  “I’d have thought that last bit would all but
John gives his half-hard shaft a tentative stroke through the well-worn fabric of his pajamas.  Settling back against the armrest of the sofa in the sitting room and stretching out his legs, he takes stock of his supplies: laptop, lube, box of tissues, and a tepid cup of tea (not that the tea was part of the ritual, of course, merely a pleasant bonus should he find himself in need of some post-coital refreshment).  He had everything he needed at hand… as it were.  He issues a contented hum, reveling in the luxurious indulgence of his bachelor lifestyle.
John sighs and resigns himself to managing the situation, depositing the newspaper on the arm of his chair and rising to make his way to the kitchen, carefully sidestepping the (rather adorably) disheveled detective currently glaring daggers in his direction.
but the minute YOU get tangled up in it, it’s somehow so shameful that you openly refuse to be associated with any of it?”
of perspective.
“Oh, fuck, John… John, GOD!”  Sherlock doesn’t know what to do.  John is salivating generously around his girth, working him over with practiced precision, and Sherlock feels useless, frozen in place as he succumbs to the sensation.
suspicions?”  She cocks her head appraisingly. He understands the insinuation implicitly.
John suddenly feels cold all over as he stares blankly up at the ceiling.  “Ten.”
It had been sweet, really.
And God, it
“It’s alright, John, there’s no judgement here.”
“You going to carry my seed?  Keep it inside you?”
John rolls his eyes.  “Oh, sod off with the self-sacrificing shit.  You did what you had to do.”
Reluctantly, John shakes his head.  “No, it’s not that… I’m not... ready for… ready for them to know.”
Natasha worked the Russia desk at MI-6.  Do you detect a pattern emerging here,
He needs to:
Bed was
you tonight, sweetheart, gonna remind you who you belong to, fuck…”
They’re both speaking over each other, then their eyes lock, and they burst into giggles once more.
“Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh--
enough to make him clench and startle.  With the other hand, he grabs Sherlock’s aching prick and brings him off in three dry strokes.
<12:13> Why, Sherlock Holmes, are you being a little SENTIMENTAL about Rosie’s departure?
“No?  You have someone else hidden about the flat ready to roger you at the snap of your fingers?”
of it.
of that, with you.  But I’m saying
“Thank you.”
for part of their aftercare, something they indulge in once a session has concluded and they’re both muddling their way back to solid ground.  But it seems today, he’s in the mood for something a bit different.
At the exact same time and without qualm or hesitation, Sherlock had answered, “Penetrative intercourse.”
And true, it would probably be helpful to have a proper
to want more.  But he didn’t deserve it.  It wasn’t John’s fault that he was this way.
They lie like that, just grinning at one another like idiots, for a long, long time.
catering to Sherlock’s every greedy whim, and Sherlock had gone ahead and done
“Mmm, yes, I think so.”
At long last, John pulls back reluctantly, blinking his eyes open for the first time that morning.  Unsurprisingly, they’re met by Sherlock’s jade-green ones peering up at him, pristine and intent.
“Yes, please, Captain.”  Sherlock’s voice sounds steady, perhaps even a bit eager, and the knot in John’s chest unclenches.
Before he can utter another word, John impales him in a single brutal stroke.
even if they don’t share genes.  They share a
And then Sherlock is
“Alright.  Up you get.”  John’s hands are gentle but firm, and he helps Sherlock pull himself into a sitting position.
John’s face disappears, but Sherlock can still make out his voice, and a warm hand resting on his inner thigh.  “I’m going to touch you now, okay?”
Aaron shuffles into the kitchen, chuckling to himself and shaking his head.  “Christ, mate, you’re good at that.  Can I have you on-call for those mornings when they just won’t
John blinks.  “Hello.”
Sherlock picks them up and flips them over to read the titles.
John grins amusedly.  “Sure.  Let’s get these trousers off, hmm?”
Sherlock comes to still face-down, legs splayed, sweaty and spent and delirious with satisfaction.  He blinks his eyes open to find John next to him, face-up, body shimmering with the sweat of his exertion, and grinning over at Sherlock like a maniac.
“Strictly personal.  She wasn’t a client.”
John sits up and cups Sherlock’s face gently in his hand.  “You alright?  You still… um, are you still looking forward to tonight?”
naughty tonight.  Going to need to teach you a lesson…”
Rosie purses her lips.  “Sock.”
before popping into the sitting room to grab a cushion.  Then he returns to the kitchen, places the cushion at Sherlock’s heels, and lowers himself onto his knees until he’s eye-level with Sherlock’s buttocks.  He’s learned over the years that his knees start to ache
the boss of this.  This was Sherlock’s as much as it was John’s, and Sherlock is
John stares up at him, apparently confused.  “What?”
“Don’t hear you complaining.  Besides, I’m sure my increased heart rate is good for my pulmonary health.  That’s just science.”  The plug slips out easily, and John begins to tenderly wipe away the leaking come, doing his best to ignore the embers of arousal still glowing deep in his abdomen as he does so.
he has to hold up his end of the bargain.  He blinks rapidly, forcing his short-circuiting hard drive to comply.
plenty of times in the past and Sherlock had never objected, but tonight it appears he’d let himself taking it one step further, and gone on a rather lengthy diatribe about how
In the sitting room, Mycroft refocuses his offense on Sherlock.  “Sherlock, surely you understand.  Besides, is it even truly necessary to involve the Craneworthy case in this at all?  By my calculations, you’re working with fifteen other perfectly good cold cases at the moment--”
Or, in the case of this particular morning, when they had just been woken up.
Sherlock’s hips cant up a bit at the thought, and his legs spread wider.  “Jude says he should, because he’s the guest.”
occur to him that Sherlock was
John doesn’t rush, but Sherlock can tell he’s eager to come.  His lips hungrily devour Sherlock’s own as he establishes a rhythm, plundering Sherlock’s lax form in deep, rhythmic motions.  Sherlock kisses him back as enthusiastically as he can muster, distinctly aware that his efforts are sloppy and disjointed but delighted in the fact that John doesn’t seem to mind one bit.  They’re sighing and moaning and almost half-laughing at their adolescent eagerness and the delicious thrill of it all.  For a split second John pulls away to grin down at him, and Sherlock grins back, elated in their perfection.  Then John redoubles his efforts, his lips descending to latch onto Sherlock’s carotid artery, his hips snapping double-time as he seeks his release.  Sherlock claws at his back, noting with delight that John is
Sherlock knows exactly what is happening.  John is experiencing the strange sensation of when an orgasm originates internally from the prostate, instead of externally from the shaft.  Sherlock has grown used to it by now, but for John, this would be his first time feeling it.
To enjoy this chapter, I strongly recommend that you read “Possession” from this series, which introduces Aaron as an OMC.  It’s not essential, but there’s some backstory and negotiation that occurs in that installment that make the following events
John’s admittedly not entirely sure what happens for a while after that.  He knows he must have collapsed forward onto Sherlock, because when he finally gets his bearings, it’s to the distinctly unpleasant sensation of their groins connected by congealing come.
“Oh God, oh God…” John sounds close to the edge already, and he hasn’t even fully penetrated Sherlock.  “Sweetheart, you alright?  I need you to snap once for me if you’re okay, because I’m about to start fucking you.  Last chance to back out.”
was I?  You orgasmed the second the words left my mouth.”
But he regains control.  And as he repeats the action again and again, taking another stair and then two and then three, he acclimates to the waves of arousal that ebb and flow with his motions.  Each time he lifts his knee, he internally steels himself for the assault on his prostate, and every time he lowers it, he breathes a sigh of relief as the assault becomes a massage, erotic but not overwhelming.
God, he’s gorgeous.
“I said NO.  You know hitting and pain play are hard limits for us.  We laid out those rules the first time we ever had a negotiation.  I stand by our decision.  So this is a firm no.”
John had considered himself a fairly sexual being for virtually his entire adult life, yet it still never failed to astound him exactly
“Mmm, either way.  Well done, you.”  He grins at Sherlock, and Sherlock grins back.
This sets the two of them off again, and Sherlock is forced to take the whiskey before John spills it all over the rug.
As Sherlock ran, he dazzled.
known the transcendent pleasure of being inside such an aloof and reserved creature and made him fall helplessly under the spell of corporeal pleasure.  John, who had taken a self-proclaimed sociopath and broken down every last one of his defenses and molded him into
Then the rope disappears from between his lips, and John is talking to him.
“Can we… wait a bit?  I don’t know if that’ll make it any better, but right now, I… I can’t.  I can’t.”
which I think you’ll agree is a rather different scenario entirely.”
“So he… to save… to save us?”
GreySphere’s HQ when we raided it; the rest we pretty easily located at their homes or on-site doing the above-board security work they were contracted to do.  However--”
John leans in to whisper low and dirty into Sherlock’s ear.  “Think I could fit all five of my fingers in here?”  Sherlock can feel John’s thumb brush lightly against his stretched rim.  “Think I could fit my whole
“Hey, Sherlock.”
you feel so good, so goddamn good, that’s it, that’s it…”
“Any pain, numbness, tingling, or signs of restricted bloodflow?”
“Which she’s dropping off in”-- John hazards a glance at his watch-- “sixteen minutes.  So last night there was nothing to review.”
feel good.
He takes
“There we go, love.  Good?”
John sits up and presses a kiss between his shoulderblades.  “As you wish.”
Sherlock forces his brain to react.  It’s a lot more difficult than it should be.  “Yes, John.”
Emotion swells in Sherlock’s chest.  “Thank you.”
Sherlock pulled a face.  “Extra precautions?  Come on, John, the odds of the perp being infected with something, the odds of you
John manages a feeble nod, and Dr. Richards steps forward and embraces him.
with it, alternating greedy licks up the length of his shaft with lavish sucks that make the tip of his cock hit the back of John’s open throat.  Occasionally he makes his way further south to pull one of Sherlock’s balls into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it as he gently presses his fingers against Sherlock’s perineum, then repeats the action with the other ball until Sherlock is quivering and moaning and begging for more.  And then John simply pulls away and resumes his ministrations on Sherlock’s shaft.
was that?
still inside Sherlock hours later, marking him, claiming him....
So yes.  Sherlock’s wearing John’s ARMY t-shirt.
Sherlock swallows.  “Is she… is she alive?”
The itch spreads.  Even when he makes himself stop touching it, he’s powerless to stem the inevitable tide.  It spreads to his forearms, his wrists.  He feels it between his fingers, behind his knees, even on the tops of his feet and in the creases of his toes.  Suddenly, every location into which he ever plunged that
Sherlock takes a measured step into the room.  He keeps his chin up and his gaze level, hands calmly at his sides, willing his transport not to betray the series of alarms currently shrieking through his Mind Palace.
John snorts out a laugh and presses a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck, then together, they drift off to sleep.
“I suppose, if you’d be up for taking a case when we’re mid-session.”
“Mmm, that’s right, love, let me hear you.  Let it all out.”  John pinches his nipples harder and then begins to pluck them, the sensation simultaneously painful and erotic.
“Yes.”
“Explains what?”
what goes on inside that pervy little brain of yours is of absolutely no consequence in the real world.  If the only person you’re fucking is a man, you’re gay.  End of story.”
preposterous, how could someone like
“Cheers, Greg.”
“Yes.”
“Ah, there you are dears!  Sleep well?”
And this.
<15:25> I’m leaving the surgery now
look.  Sherlock furrows his brow, mentally replays the last 30 seconds, then lifts his finger with a resounding “Ah!”  He turns around and flicks off the burner on the stove.  When he turns back to sit down, John is looking very, very pleased with him.  Sherlock internally preens.
They’d had vanilla sex that night.  That was what they agreed to.  John had gotten Sherlock out of his panties and heels and then prepped him for nearly 20 minutes while Sherlock writhed and moaned, then John maneuvered himself between Sherlock’s legs and they’d had very pleasurable sex in the missionary position, exactly as they’d discussed.  There was plenty of eye contact and murmured terms of endearment and Sherlock had managed to come untouched (which always delighted John).  John had had a very good orgasm as well (Sherlock clocked the duration in John’s upper 20th percentile), and then afterwards they’d showered together.  John didn’t wash Sherlock; he’d said he wasn’t quite ready for that yet.  But they’d exchanged soft kisses and shy smiles and the bar of soap, then gone to bed together, just as they’d agreed to do.
Less than an hour later, they had their prime suspect pegged: Darren Artwyth, 31, white, male, expelled from two separate boarding schools in his youth following accusations of arson and cruelty to animals.  Above-average IQ, sporadic employment history, and a direct correlation between his listed residence and arson-related casualties in the surrounding area.
And Christ, it’s incredible.  When Sherlock had purchased the corset, he’d mainly been drawn to it as a result of its advertised usefulness during breathplay; the aesthetics of it were rather beside the point.  It was a deep, midnight black, neutral and unobjectionable, without the frills or lace details that had drawn him to his bustier.  And unlike the bustier, the corset didn’t cover his chest; the top of it came to rest just below his pectoral muscles, framing them suggestively.  While he rather liked the way that it accentuated his masculinity, it hadn’t occurred to him until now that it would give John unfettered access to his nipples, which were notoriously sensitive.
“Mmmmm, yes, John,” Sherlock rumbles.
“I have a
He utters a long, low whine in the back of his throat as John approaches him, but John’s only response is a wicked grin.  He reaches down and gently removes his tags from Sherlock’s mouth.
There’s a long pause, and John feels a quick pang of molten anger deep in his gut.  Sherlock
Sherlock had smiled back.
The mummy-man narrows his eyes and says nothing, but gestures vaguely towards a damask curtain at the back of the shop.  John takes his leave without further pleasantries.
Sherlock makes his way gingerly towards the sink, attempting to minimise the friction of the silk against his throbbing member.  He splashes his face with some cold water, and takes a few deep breaths.  He closes his eyes, and thinks about the least-sexual imagery he can conjure: Mrs. Hudson’s quilted dressing gown.  Anderson at a crime scene.  Molly’s cat jumpers.  Mycroft eating cake.  Hell, Mycroft doing
And he couldn’t risk that.
Sherlock gives a groggy nod.  “Yes, John.”  His words sound thick and distant.
“The sandwich sounds fine.”  The more he thinks about it, the more ravenous Sherlock realises he is.
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.  While it was true that in the past crawling for John used to turn him on so much he’d almost come untouched once or twice, that had been ages ago.  John has let him practice crawling quite a bit since then, and he’s confident that he'll be able to stay in control the entire time.  Granted, the whole endeavour sounds like it will be very unpleasant for his knees at the very least, so perhaps that’s the only real downside to this
He offers a quick parting wave to Harry, who’s currently occupying Rosie in the front garden of the church.  She gives him a grin and a nod, and it’s with a bounce in his step that he makes his way to High Street.  He knocks on the door to Sherlock’s room at precisely 9:56.
John couldn’t help but snort.  “Yup.  Exactly.  Couldn’t have put it better myself.”
John licks his lips.  His cock is twitching despite the intensity of his previous release: he somehow can’t stop picturing how gorgeous Sherlock’s arse looked bouncing with the force of his slaps, and how desperate and needy Sherlock had looked as he writhed in ecstasy on John’s lap.
gorgeous man in his wake.  He’s tall and broad with dark skin, a chisled jawline, and a look of deep resentment on his face.
part of Sherlock’s body was overwhelmingly arousing, and the fact that Sherlock basically melted into a puddle under John’s ministrations was a welcome side effect.
There’s a breath, a pause, a hitch, then John is crying out, shouting with pleasure as he empties himself.  Sherlock can feel every pulse of it; his passage is clamped down so tightly around John’s cock that every twitch and spasm seems to permeate the walls of his clenching channel and reverberate up his spine.  Sherlock wails with the ecstasy of it all, the unrivaled euphoria of being so deliciously claimed.  His vocalisation seems to spurn John on, and John suddenly rights himself, sitting up on his knees to grip Sherlock firmly around the waist as he delivers a series of gradually weakening thrusts as the aftershocks work their way out through his cock.
And it hadn’t.
“You can… mark up my arse.  With hickeys, or bites, or whatever it is you’re thinking about back there.”
John is utterly flabbergasted.
what John has planned, but God, in this moment he could tell Sherlock to cut open his chest and hand him his heart, and Sherlock would willingly go get the scalpel without a second thought.  It’s madness, the lot of it, the things John can do to him-- his brain swims and floats, and despite himself, he moans and presses his throbbing erection against John’s thigh.
“Yes, John.”
“Easy there.  You’ll be no use to me passed out on the floor.  Come on, let’s get the shower started, hmm?”
Then, suddenly: “Ah!  Ah, Captain!”
“Then I’m afraid I won’t be coming inside you for the rest of our session.  And I don’t mean that the session is over; No, no, I still have plenty of items on my ‘to-do’ list for this evening, but I’ll pull out every time.  You won’t get a single drop of my come inside you all night, no matter how many times I use you.  Then I’ll put you to bed empty and open, fucked-out but completely unclaimed.”
But the next week, it was worse.  The pain (and yes, he could confidently call it
fingers and mouth.  He looks down at Sherlock’s chest with detached bemusement, then issues a quick nod.  “Very nice.  Look how hard your nipples are, sweetheart!  Can you see them?”  Sherlock manages to raise his head a few inches off the mattress to look down at where the inflamed buds are standing at attention, obscenely swollen against the flat planes of his chest.
Or better yet, he could go to the bedroom and wait for John there.  He could toss the duvet in the corner and stretch himself out on the soft cotton sheets, delighting in the way the texture of silk and cotton so beautifully complimented one another.  Perhaps he could set out some of their favourite toys on the bedside table, just to get them started.  He’d splay himself out like a pin-up, sultry and seductive, desperate for John’s return…
“I want you to claim me.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay, let it happen, I’m here--”
His mother hisses the admonishment across the room, her tone stern and cold.
He throws off the covers and flicks on the light, blinking rapidly as he attempts to ground himself.  Before he can even contemplate what he’s doing, he’s got his mobile in his hand, and he’s frantically wiping the sweat from his clammy palms onto the cheap hotel bedsheets so he can punch the command into the screen.
But Christ, looking at Sherlock carefully, John could see the deep purple circles under his eyes.  Neither of them had been sleeping well, of course he knew that, but he hadn’t noticed just what a toll it was taking on Sherlock until now.
“We’re going to pay that meddlesome prat a long-overdue visit.”
“Ines here always has an eye out for what she likes, and what can I say-- I have a hard time denying her.  The things we do for the ones we love,” he concludes with an apologetic shrug, and Sherlock chuckles conspiratorially.
