They come only seconds apart from each other. Cas’s back is wet under Dean’s fingers, sweat glistening on his own chest.
They eat and Cas asks a lot of questions about what he saw on TV and Dean reckons this might not be the best way to introduce a merman to humanity after all. But it’s easier and faster than reading books. Dean still doesn’t know if Cas even knows how to read and he won’t ask. It doesn’t matter. Cas can hardly take a book with him into the ocean, much less any kind of electronic device.
Cas was flattered by their advances, but in the end everyone involved knew this was only for the excitement of the situation without resulting in any immoral twists. Even if he were to act against his commitment—which he wouldn’t, of course—, none of the women had stirred his interest.
Sam doesn't want to hear it. He's in denial. Dean is, too. This can't be happening, he thinks, not after everything we've been through. But he has to be strong, for Sam. He can't let him know that he died in agony.
“And then, after you were born?” he asks, oblivious to how uncomfortable his previous question made Dean.
“You mean Mick?” Cas says and Dean nods. “Mick is my ex, too. We used to date in college but then he moved back to the UK.”
“Maybe I’ll go for a run. Or I could do some laundry. What would you like for dinner tonight? I could cook something—”
“I mean the panties. You got them from Mrs. Graham, right? They fell out of my pocket when you were in the shower.”
“You can kiss him when I’m there. You can touch him when I’m there. You know, in appropriate places. Or is that another culture thing? Do Polish people not like to show affection?”
However, in Cas’s case Dean didn’t even try to justify his father’s actions. He hurt Cas and Dean knew that. Cas, though, wasn’t angry. He understood the motivation behind Mr. Winchester’s interrogation and how proud he was of what Dean had achieved so far. If he were in his place, he would have probably reacted the same way. Cas just had no idea what to do with his life and hoped he would find an answer to that question soon enough.
“Good to hear that.” Dean paused. “Uh, Cas. This is probably not the best time but… I need to tell you something.”
“It was,” Cas confirms. “But it was worth the trouble, so I thought, until I received the letter that told me to fuck off. They gladly took my money but won’t keep me.”
“Cas, are you alright?” Charlie asked him with concern in her voice. For a moment he had forgotten he was not alone.
“Will you spend the day with me?” Cas asks instead, his voice hopeful, as if Dean could possibly deny his wish.
Charlie was in the middle of getting her hair styled into delicate waves when Dean arrived at her dressing room. A garment bag was hanging from the hook on the door but Dean knew exactly what was inside. His best friend had chosen a chiffon gown with ¾ length lace sleeves in misty rose. He also knew that Dorothy was going to wear a champagne column dress. Not that he cared about using the right expressions for these particular shades or cuts, but it had gotten stuck in his head after hearing it so many times. Thanks to his friends, Dean knew everything he had never wanted to know about wedding dress shapes and necklines and fabrics. Also, he had learned to tell the difference between stark white and ivory, though in the end, if he were honest, it all just happened to be white to him. Not that Charlie had ever cared for buying a white dress but apparently a bride-to-be needed to know these kinds of things. He still chuckled upon hearing the name ‘sweetheart neckline’—not that Charlie would have had one of those either. Yet, Dorothy, in fact, did but this was still a secret and Dean was not free to tell his best friend. They were pretty strict about the rule that one bride wasn’t allowed to see the other bride’s dress before the wedding. Despite Charlie being so much against doing things conventionally, the whole event was going to be quite traditional after all.
“Yeah, mom. I am sure. I enjoyed being with my girlfriends as much as I liked being with the guy I was just with.”
“The original trilogy. I borrowed it from the library. You said we could watch it sometime. Just the first one, you gotta work, I know, but come on. It’ll do you good to get your mind off this for a moment,” Dean says, picking up some of Cas’s clattered sheets.
Cas gave him a gentle smile and rose from his chair. “I’d like that,” he whispered against Dean’s mouth before sealing their lips together. Dean gasped when Cas pushed his tongue past his lips. “Do me a favor,” he breathed into Cas’s mouth. “Put the glasses back on.”
“Sure, Dean. He won’t hear it from me. So, why is it only now that you’re telling me? Why wasn’t I invited to the wedding?”
“Hey…” Dean doesn’t dare to touch him but he’s clearly trying to comfort him and Cas feels guilty for snapping. It’s not Dean’s fault that he’s a complete and utter disaster.
Dean gives him a slight nod in response. He can’t shake the feeling that the guy’s eyes are glued to his back as he’s leaving. When he’s at the car, though, he can’t see him anywhere. Maybe he’s really just talking a walk but Dean highly doubts it. Something is wrong with this guy. Both of them.
He’s got no clue how Cas’s accusation could get to him like that. Usually, he’s not so easily confused by what other people say. Maybe he should talk to Cas and ask him how he even came up with this idea. He doesn’t hate him now or anything. They could have been friends, had none of this ever happened. Probably, he owes Cas an apology as well. He didn’t exactly do his best to appear open-minded after the whole Mick-thing. Cas likes men, that’s obvious, and Dean should be fine with that. It’s none of his concern whom Cas prefers to get busy with—as long as it doesn’t happen to be him again.
Dean lets out a quivering breath. For a moment he’s certain he’s going to faint. He actually blacks out for a second but when he comes to, he is still standing on his feet. Cas is still there, sitting on a rock with a fish tail where his legs should be, watching. “Don’t be afraid,” he says.
“Um, yeah, of course,” he stumbles, then, after clearing his throat, he says, “I’d like that very much. Thank you, Dean.”
“I haven’t had the time yet to do my research but I remember from an iconography class in college that she’s often depicted with her eyes on a plate,” Sam says between chewing his sandwich.
He recounted the drive through Lawrence and how they’d ended up in the backseat, Gunnar riding Dean’s dick.
After Dean had arrived at the hotel and parked his baby, he carried his baggage up to the front desk and told the receptionist his name.
“I hope you’re right,” Cas replied sadly. “Maybe let them talk to Father Jim. He knows and I’m sure he can change their minds.”
After they had brought their stuff into their respective rooms, they joined his mother in the living room where she served them and his father refreshments. “My son, come here,” he said and embraced him.
They’re both breathless for a few minutes, though Dean manages to roll off of him so Cas can breathe freely.
He did no longer feel guilty for what had happened between them; he was, in fact, glad that at least one time in his life he had gotten to experience something like this. Sometimes he would think back to that night, recall other instances of their time together and pray for Dean to be alright and happy.
Dean quickly looked up and hoped he wasn’t blushing now that he had gotten caught. Mrs. Graham, presumably, had appeared next to him.
“Maybe it was the ghost of Colonel Eldridge,” she says then, still giggling. “Maybe he doesn’t like you snooping around his hotel.”
“Okay,” Dean says. He looks nervous and Cas thinks it’s cute. “So, uh, I was thinking, something casual. There’s this really cool bar. They’ve got a variety of craft beers and a pool table.”
Cas walked up to the bookcase in the living room and browsed the titles on the backs, then he pulled them out and looked if there was anything hidden behind. Dean circled the area where Marina had died, checking it for any signs of supernatural activity. “Nothing in here,” he said after a while, “I’ll check the other rooms.” He went into Marina’s bedroom and looked for sulfur on the window sill.
“It was. Why would I spill wine on you only to give you my shirt afterwards? This doesn’t make any sense.”
The color in his face reached an even darker shade of red. “Because I… I would find that highly embarrassing. I’m not really good at that, I guess. What if I look dumb, doing, you know…”
This day seems to go on forever. Yesterday was over much faster but today he’s got endless hours of self-pity. He and Dean don’t talk. Dean talks to Jody and Athena every now and then but Cas he ignores. He’s a jerk after all. And he has the upper hand now that Cas has decided to make a fool of himself.
“Nope,” Cas told him and kissed him once more and Dean seized him by the back of his head as he leaned back into the pillows, taking Cas down with him.
“Uh, I don’t know. There was this thing in the laundry room, how she just stuck her hand into my stuff.”
“I don’t have any concerns,” Cas says as the grip on Dean’s waist tightens. He’s looking at him as he speaks and Dean feels that their faces are awfully close.
“Got it!” Dean said before he and Sam left for the kitchen. “Cas, are you coming?” he called and Cas followed him, helping his friend as good as he could.
“So, Claire,” Dean says eventually after clearing his throat, “you like your dad’s new neighborhood?”
as safe as they can be, Cas still alive, everyone still alive, and Dean keeps asking himself what the hell he’s waiting for. It’s now or never.
“You should’ve seen yourself as you walked in here,” Cas says. “You can’t even walk a straight line anymore.”
Dean stayed up after him but in reality it took Cas hours to finally find sleep. He was feeling really perturbed by what he had witnessed tonight. It wasn’t just accidentally seeing Dean doing this kind of thing; it was the possibility that Dean had whispered his name in the course of doing what he had done. Had Dean been thinking of him while pleasuring himself? Cas knew that Dean was bisexual but his best friend couldn’t actually be attracted to him, could he? There had never been any indication that Dean would like him like that. Dean was his best friend. He was always there when Cas needed him, provided him with useful advice, comforted him when he was upset, held him in his arms when he cried…that was what best friends usually did, right? Cas would do the same for him.
“Why on Earth would he choose that? And how could he win with this? There are so many possibilities for
“No,” Dean replied. “I only hope you can accomplish this again another time. This was fucking awesome.
“Oh Dean, it’s awful that she used you like that.” Cas pulled him closer until Dean’s head was resting on his shoulder.
“We’re having dinner at Balthazar’s this Friday. Maybe try to find something that isn’t jeans with holes in them or flannel.”
“I was busy,” Dean says. “I was spending time with Cas,” and when Sam’s eyebrows shoot up towards his hairline, “Dude, not like that.” A quick glance to his side tells him that Sam’s implications have gone straight over Cas’s head. Fortunately. “He’s the one who saved me from drowning.”
After dessert Michael said he’d like to announce something. Cas looked up from his uneaten piece of pie. “We wanted to wait until Cas was back home before we told anyone,” he said with a growing grin on his face. He made a theatrical pause, then he continued, “Meg and I are engaged.”
“Shh,” Dean says, focused on creating a structure on Castiel’s cheeks and chin. When he’s done, he scoots back a little to marvel his work. Cas doesn’t say anything to not get foam into his mouth. “I can’t believe my boyfriend is Santa Claus!” He fakes to be scandalized until he can’t hold back a giggle. Cas doesn’t look very amused.
“I’m not wasting my energy trying to get into a guy’s pants if he’s got a girlfriend and is most probably 100% straight.” He opened his textbook at a random page to appear busy. “And also I really like him. As a friend I mean.”
“We had a deal to not start any relationships while we’re married. There are no double standards. I’m keeping my word as well.”
It was nice, really. Dean appreciates the gesture, although he doesn’t actually want nor need his charity. He often has a hard time accepting things he’s being offered.
His own mother, in any case, doesn’t let him off the hook so easily. After Emma leaves, Claire gets bored pretty quickly, so Cas decides to take her home as well. His stomach tingles when they kiss goodbye in the doorway, unashamed.
“Sammy,” he whispers, fully aware that every noise he makes could attract the intruder, or worse, intruders, plural. “Sammy,” he says again, worried now, almost trips over a body on the floor. “Sammy, no.” He checks his surroundings before bending down to check if he’s still breathing and, thank god, he is. His brother must’ve gotten hit in the head but apart from being unconscious he seems fine, no blood or anything and his pulse is okay as far as Dean can tell. He really should call for help but all the horrors popping into his mind when he thinks of Cas ending up in federal confinement stop him from doing so. Sam will be fine—they’re not here for him.
“Yes, there are a few offers that include horseback riding. I’d recommend a guided tour rather than exploring the countryside on your own. We also have a package that includes a night at a winery followed by a three-day tour through the Pampas on horseback, of course, if you’d also like to get to know Uruguayan wines. I think you’ve already tasted some at dinner yesterday, right? Our sommelier always tries to get a representation of our destination for our wine list.”
Dean puts down his tool and takes off the helmet, wiping sweat off his forehead with his arm. He seems to notice that he isn’t on his own any longer and quickly turns his head around.
Bewilderment was obvious on his face when he opened the door after they’d knocked. Probably surprised to see the both of them still around, Dean reckoned.
“Dean,” Cas sighs and Dean is pleased to realize he’s gotten hard until Cas, again, breathes, “Dean,” and Dean worries for a second that Cas couldn’t be okay with this for some reason other than some angels might not enjoying sex and Dean is overstepping his boundaries but then he feels something poke his thigh and when Dean pulls back for a second, Cas’s pupils are wide like the ocean right around the corner.
They kiss some more, not lacking any of the passion from before and then Dean makes sure to get rid of their underwear as well.
Cas shrugs. “Not like this, I suppose. My brothers and sisters just disappeared over time. And we weren’t particularly close in the first place.” He puts the book back on the shelf and moves from the floor to the free spot on the sofa. “What about your father? You mentioned him before.”
"I needed some time, to come back to you. I had some things to think about besides my conversations with Jack. And then I find my return to you was just in time because the Winchesters still aren't very good at staying alive on their own."
“Yeah, I don’t feel like going either…” He thought about it for a second. This coursework really sucked and he was already sick of seeing it. But he had to stay reasonable, so he returned to focus on his task, and Cas did so too.
Castiel sighs as he tries not to think of what he’d like to do to his brother right now, admits defeat and continues to bring the rest of his belongings inside.
“Believe it or not, Dean, but I use that big TV over there from time to time. It’s just that I’ve had to work very hard on my performances lately.”
“Keeping up the appearance that we’re an actual couple. You may have forgotten that the government is onto us but I did not.”
“Claire, what are you doing here? I’ve told you a hundred times not to sneak up behind me when I’m working!”
Aaron should have come here ten minutes ago. Cas’s seminar would be over in twenty minutes and they would have thirty minutes at the most if he’d get right back afterwards.
He was probably speeding most of the time but was lucky enough not to get caught and arrived in Lawrence almost two hours earlier than usual.
“What did you say?” Cas asks but is hardly able to finish the question before Dean takes him by the hand and drags him downstairs.
“I wasn’t done with my story,” Cas says with a frown. “I came to study at the Academy, also spent a semester here in the U.S. at Julliard. I’ve lived in different countries across Europe and played concerts all over the world. My mother died when I was nineteen and when my father died I knew this was where I was supposed to end up all along.”
Cas turns the camera in his hand. “I don’t know. I’ve only got one tape. We should probably save it for later.”
“I should call it a night,” Cas said eventually when both of them had finished their drinks. He was right. It had gotten late and quite a number of guests had already left. Dorothy and Charlie were in their own world, dancing slowly while holding each other tightly.
“Good morning,” Cas says. He obviously knows these people from their previous visit. “Naomi, Uriel, I’m sorry if you had to wait. We were celebrating last night and it got late. Took us a few minutes to wake up.”
Dean slowly exposed one shoulder, then the other, his arms sliding out of the coat one after another. He draped the coat over one of the chairs and moved closer towards Cas, still keeping some distance between them.
Cas glares at Rowena. This wasn’t supposed to be common knowledge. “I’m sorry,” she says but Linda rushes to her defense.
He finds an unoccupied lounger and spreads his beach towel on it. There’re already a few other people around but most of them seem to be interested in silent sunbathing as well. He takes off his T-shirt and pants, revealing the swim trunks he’s been wearing underneath, and sits down, starting to apply sunscreen on his skin.
“Dean, I didn’t know you were here,” Cas said. “Uh, Dean, this is Zeke. Zeke, those are Dean and Aaron.”
Cas thought about sneaking over into the guest room but was afraid to get caught or that his parents could check on them before leaving for church and find them snuggled up in the same bed, so he spent the night apart from his boyfriend.
“Cas turns again, grows legs. I can’t tell a cop that he’s a merman. What if they lock him up in some kind of government facility, doing the same things to him this Ketch guy would, or worse?”
He was lucky to have a friend like Dean who comforted him with words of encouragement whenever he doubted his worth and he thanked the Lord every day for bringing him into his life.
Amelia looks at Claire, waiting for her to continue. Instead Claire glances over at Cas, seeking help. Cas nods slightly to encourage her.
The center was led by one Pastor Boyle and offered support for all kinds of people in need. They had meals for those who couldn’t afford to feed their families themselves, they held AA meetings and provided assistance for drug addicts. There were also a group for women in abusive relationships and a youth group to keep the kids off the streets.
“I mean, honestly, there was a time where I thought I would never see you again, Cas. Two flights in four days—that’s more than a man should have to tolerate, but you know, everything for Sammy and girlfr-…his wife. She’s his wife now. I’ve been to their wedding. That’s why I had to get onto this flying death machine.”
He’s exhausted after unpacking most of his stuff and has taken a shower that only remained warm for a couple of minutes although he could’ve really used an extended wash under a hot spray of water to soothe his tenseness. But it is as it is for now and Cas is too tired to even think of doing anything about it.
Dean sighs. She really doesn’t need to tell him that. Often enough he had to play messenger because their parents wouldn’t do the bare minimum of talking to each other. Their divorce was messy and they were fighting over custody for him and Sam for years.
“If you insist on doing this with Dean, then you could come back when he’s here. And when he’s open for appointments. But he’s very busy at the moment and don’t think you’d want a few weeks delay on the restoration, would you?”
They make their way along the path, flattening now slightly, almost there. A few years ago they built a look-out platform on the hill, assumingly to make the route more attractive for hikers, but Dean thinks it’s nice, too. They leave the dense forest and find themselves on a clearing, right atop the hill, this massive wood construction in its center.
Cas wipes his hand at the back of his pants. He’s been itching to make a run for the entirety of their conversation. “I’m having an appointment. Linda, Rowena, thank you again. See you soon.”
“Yes,” Sam says, “but you were right. I didn’t exactly volunteer to take over all responsibilities. To be honest, I suspected that mom didn’t get much out of selling dad’s stuff but to believe everything you told me was more convenient than asking questions. So, I’m sorry for that, too.”
“Of course, darling,” Balthazar says and makes room for him. “You look a little bit under the weather. What’s wrong?”
Their foreheads are pressed together, both their eyes closed, as Dean moves, slow and tender, breathing in Cas's scent. He never quite knew how to describe it. It always just was so...Cas. And now he's drowning in it, yet at the same time drawing life from it.
“We know that Ashley Miller had an affair with an older man and we have reason to believe you were the man,” Cas said.
Dean starts with a quick sketch, a light outline of Cas’s body, trying to get the proportions right. Cas is quiet and Dean avoids his gaze, focusing on the work. A nude model would have been perfect, of course, but Dean didn’t want to take advantage of him, even though Cas wouldn’t have considered it as such. Dean has seen him without clothes on more than once and he never ogled him, though he would be a liar claiming he didn’t like what he saw. Cas simply didn’t have any clothes and is probably unfamiliar with human conventions in that regard. When he turns back and grows a fish tail, taking off his pants is a necessity or otherwise they would be torn. Regardless, Cas is beautiful in every shape or form, dressed or nude.
“Of course. You’re right,” Cas says. Dean isn’t mad or anything but Cas feels like their dynamic has changed in a strange way since he tried to kiss Dean at the end of their not-a-date.
“Cas!” he calls. “I think she’s right in front of me but she looks like… She doesn’t look like herself.”
Cas’s stare jerks towards the sky. “Dusk is approaching,” he says, with a hint of fear in his voice.
“No. I’ll catch you when I’m done with Cain,” Dean says and, giving Cas a soft smile, he goes back to find out what else Cain has in store for him.
After finishing breakfast he heads for the sundeck. The weather is perfect and there’s a light breeze so he won’t get too hot, though he doesn’t have to worry about this anyway. There’s a pool after all.
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Jody says and Cas gets why when he finds out who they’ve been waiting for. This trip is going to be a disaster.
At least Mr. Turner agrees to swing by the house tomorrow to fix the lamp in the bathroom and get rid of whatever’s kept him awake during the night when Cas stops by his place and reveals what’s inside the paper bag he’s carried up to his door.
“You think so?” Jody asks and after a brief demonstration by Diego, she is the first one who gets to try out this kind of throwing weapon. She is supposed to spin the stones that are fixed to a rope in a way that the rope winds itself around a wooden pole in front of them.
They should talk, Dean knows, but he doesn’t want to talk. He just wants to lose himself into Cas’s arms and never wake up from this dream. Because it has to be a dream, right? Too good to be true.
Sam knocked at his door at noon and Dean just told him to go away which he thankfully did. Cas had texted him, asking if he had gotten home safely and Dean replied that he was alright.
“Aaand,” Dean lifts his hands from Castiel’s eyes, “there she is. As good as new. No. Better than new.”
And Dean didn’t promise too much. The beer is delicious and Cas can’t wait to try another kind later.
“Welcome to my humble house,” he says. “Not to be impolite but I got to go shower first. I am cold and gross and when I’m done, I can start taking care of you. You can sit here on the sofa, get comfy. I won’t be long, I promise.”
Cas takes a deep inhale and runs a hand through his hair. “We met a few years ago when I was living in Vienna for some time,” Cas says and sits on the piano bench. Dean also takes a seat at the dinner table. “He was currently working with the Vienna State Ballet and we were introduced by my friend Anna. He was older and I liked the attention he gave me but nothing ever happened and then we went our separate ways again until we both ended up here.”
“It’s beautiful here, isn’t it?” he says, still talking to Cas. Dean doesn’t like how he’s looking at him. He should rather focus on his ‘partner.’
“A little boy who’s napping and doesn’t need it right now, so shut up. I’ll give it back when we’re done here.”
Gladly, the noise in there wasn’t as rampant as in the main living area. “Here, have some beer,” Benny said and handed him the cup he’d just filled.
They’re still giggly when they leave the bar and their conversation doesn’t die down until they’ve reached Cas’s place. They’re silent then. Neither wants to say goodbye just yet.
They were to meet Charlie and Dorothy at a nice restaurant which offered a huge brunch buffet every weekend and they had talked them into going there today. Cas would have much rather liked to stay at home with Dean and kiss and cuddle in their pajamas for a few more hours instead of leaving the house.
Dean spends most of the remaining night hours by Cas’s side. If he dozes off from time to time, sitting on the floor next to the tub and doing his best to ignore what’s under the shower curtain, Cas doesn’t mention it. This was their last night together and it was supposed to be special, just the two of them, making the most of it, but those Men of Letters assholes had to ruin it.
He punches the button for the ground floor and begins, “So….” He didn’t actually have a plan about where to go from there and trails off.
Anyway, Cas was glad his mediation had helped someone. He liked how that felt. For once he hadn’t been the one who had been in need of guidance but the person who provided it. Or, well, at least paved the way for it. He should look into finding a way to do that more often.
“I rather wanted to see this part of the world,” Jack says with huge puppy eyes, not appearing to feel guilty in the slightest.
“So,” Cas starts. “Maybe I should go now. I’ve already strained your generosity and you probably want some time for yourself every now and then.” He huffs a laugh in a weird attempt to make this situation less awkward.
“No, it’s totally…I’m completely on board,” Dean assured him. “It’s just…have you thought about who should fuck who?”
“Marina Ruiz had a gift box from here at her place with a pair of red lace panties,” Dean said. “Do you happen to know if she bought those herself or if someone gave them to her?”
Then, an abrupt shiver ran coldly down his spine. The girl was kissing him and Cas was kissing right back. She had her hands around his waist and Cas had cupped her face. Their making-out was getting more intense, Dean could see tongues sliding into mouths. The hat dropped onto the floor.
“And Cas here has told me earlier that he’s not completely inexperienced so he can be your lead. An ideal pairing.” Balthazar claps then rubs his hands together. “Right. Now please get over here so we can begin.”
Cas puts the camera back into the backpack and clears his throat. “So, how are we gonna get in there without getting caught?”
Dean knocked at Cas’s door and opened it carefully when Cas didn’t answer. His room was empty, the bed was already made.
“Isn’t it a bit weird for us to kill something arisen by the grace of God?” he says. “I mean, we’ve killed pagan gods and all that. But Lucy has become what she is through her martyrdom and devotion to God, with a capital G.”
There’s really nothing to worry about, no. Dean won’t tell the feds about their arrangement. They equally profit off their marriage and apparently he can count on his friends as well to back up their story. Not because he asked them to lie but because they’re left in the dark about the true reason he got married so quickly as much as the people who were sent by the government to interrogate him today.
Dean turned his head around and gasped as he realized the hand, of actual flesh and bone, was Castiel’s.
“There’s a lot you can do. Uruguay is a great country and you definitely won’t get bored during your stay there. Did you have something specific in mind?” the girl asks him. He glances at her nametag.
“You’re not Cas,” he noticed when the guy next to him had decided to stop pointing his flashlight directly at his eyes.
Their lazy kissing was interrupted again after a few minutes when Dean got a slight scratch in his throat and coughed to get rid of it.
Dean’s mother was sleeping in front of the TV when he got home. He tried not to wake her when he walked into the kitchen to get a glass of water. He was trapped knee-deep in some serious shit. His parents would have had to find out eventually. Preferably when he’d been dating his first boyfriend and time had come to meet the parents, after weeks of planning how to approach the situation and some warning beforehand. But not like this—caught with a random guy only minutes after they’d been fucking.
“If there’s a ghost, it will manage to move it around without us holding onto it. We weren’t going to move it on our own anyway but the spirit was going to. I think you’re supposed to build a circle and to capture the energy at the center.”
Then came the fourth of July which both of them spent separately with their families. Castiel had a feeling somehow that his girlfriend was avoiding him. Maybe it was just strange for her to see him again after such a long time apart and she might be needing some space to get used to the idea again that she had an actual boyfriend. Perhaps she thought he was expecting something from her. Something physical which she was not ready to give.
That’s what Dean said last night. To him, it was never about being real but about what others might think. The sex was just a nice bonus.
Dean realized the water had been turned off and he heard rustling behind the bathroom door. He suddenly felt like he should cover himself with something…
Cas was scheduled to meet up with his study group and was rushing to put his things together as he quickly stopped by his room after the course he’d just had. Dean’s door was open and Cas saw him hunched over his desk, concentrating on the paper Cas knew was due in a few days.
And the trip was fun, really. The weather was perfect, the people were great, the beach was nice. Still, it wasn’t the beach Dean had sent him that picture from. He would probably never see it with his own eyes.
“I am a member of the clergy, Dean. I’m somewhere in between right now, you know. I became ordained a deacon nine months ago and now I’m waiting to be approved for priesthood.”
“Sure, I think I have some organic bath salt shit somewhere under the lavatory that Sam got me for Christmas a few years ago.”
Dean was sitting on the living room couch with a cold beer in his hand, browsing Netflix, when Cas came downstairs, now in his pajamas.
to be here. He wants to be around all the time and he wants to be wanted. His head starts spinning from all that longing and he isn’t so sure if it’s actually all his or if someone else’s seeps into the feeling.
He usually starts slow, hitting the bar first, ordering the same drink every time, though never even touching it, his back against the counter, watchful eyes observing the club, like boys dancing is the most fascinating thing.
He gets the car into reverse and goes back. What if there’s more magic involved and they won’t make it past here? Anyway, Dean hits the gas again, darting forward. There’s a heavy bump as if he just ran over something but then he realizes he blew a tire. “Nononono,” he cries out but keeps going. The car is hard to maneuver now, though, when he casts another look into the rearview mirror again, he realizes there is no other way out than moving on and torturing the car as long as it goes. Cas is wriggling in the backseat, a fish tail growing out from under his T-shirt. If they get them now, Cas is doomed.
“He’d have to go through me first,” Dean states with a sly smile on his face and Cas is all of a sudden very aware again why he stole his father’s video camera and sneaked out in the middle of the night to loiter at the back entrance of a hotel about to commit trespassing. Dean does have that effect on him.
“School doesn’t start for another three weeks and my summer job is over soon. I was gonna spend the rest of my break with Jess and her family but I don’t think she’d mind if I get there a few days later.”
He turns around only to see the demon dodge Dean’s strike and bury his blade into Dean’s abdomen instead.
“You think we get in trouble if we raid the minibar?” he says, already crawling towards the cabinet that conceals a mini fridge.
“Yes. Nothing out of the ordinary. Ashley was a pretty, young woman and Marina a talented photographer. I’m not sure if Mrs. Graham still wants to use them but I don’t think so.”
“No, really,” Dean insists, “I can actually make a real meal from scratch. I did it all the time when I still lived with Dad and Sammy. I doubt my little brother would’ve become taller than me on frozen pizza and microwaved food alone.”
“I’m here to make sure he’s getting that embarrassment of a car fixed,” she says and Dean snorts in amusement.
“Didn’t you listen to me? I want you to get some nice clothes so I can introduce you to my friends on Friday.”
He gives Cas a deep, long kiss, hand still tight around him, dragging it up and down. Then, he turns towards Cas, draping his body now over him completely, lowering himself so that their groins meet, feeling Cas’s thick length slide into place against his and it feels amazing. He thrusts his hip forward once and lets out a groan. “You feel amazing,” he sighs because it needs saying.
They stayed under the hot spray of water for a while after rinsing, Cas with his back to Dean’s chest. His boyfriend’s semi hard-on was slightly nudged between his ass cheeks, one hand was stroking the skin over his heart, the other one teased at Cas’s erection.
Charlie turned out to be right; Dean and she became best friends almost instantly. They had courses together and watched movies and discussed Charlie’s LGBTQIA+ agenda where it came up that Dean had only ever been with girls. Charlie was, however, determined to change that soon enough as Dean remarked that he’d already seen some really hot boys around campus but had, so far, been too shy to actually ask one out.
“It’s admonishment for attending a same-sex wedding without the bishop’s consult and consent,” Cas said, trying to stay calm.
When Castiel got home, his brother called him from the dining room where he was sitting at the table.
Cas is looking at her with a frown. “Take care,” she says, hugging him and Dean could swear she’s whispering something into his ear. Cas’s frown stays on his face.
“I…” he started. “I thought I was ready… But then it all became too much for me.” His blank eyes weren’t directed at Dean as he spoke. “When she took her bra off I just—I wanted to bolt and disappear into a hole in the ground.” He changed his position on the mattress, straightening up a little. “Not that I didn’t like what I saw but…she was so close. I was freaking out.” He paused to take a few deep, calming breaths. “She made me stick my finger into her.” A glint of disgust sparked in Dean’s stomach. “I already washed my hand—it still smells,” Cas said, holding up his tainted finger. Dean leaned over and briefly sniffed at it which made Cas huff a little laugh, Dean too.
“Man, don’t say that! We’ll crush them. They’ll be crying for their mommies when we’re finished with them,” Benny argued. Duke’s victory was beyond question for him.
They didn’t bother to get cleaned up or change the sheets. Instead they wallowed in the mess that simply served as evidence for their love and affection, falling asleep with their limbs entangled.
“You look amazing, dad. Just, one more thing,” she says and comes closer to tuck the front of the shirt into his pants. “Now it’s perfect.”
When they got back to the motel, Cas offered to examine the computer. “I’ve taken a nap on our way here. You should sleep, Dean,” he said, softly, giving Dean hope their reconciliation was within reach.
Cas shakes his head. “You are,” he says, still hoarse, reaching out a hand, tracing imaginary lines on his cheek. “Remarkable,” he says, “the tiny little dots on your skin. Your eyes, sparkling like a river in the sunlight.” Self-conscious, Dean rolls to his side and hides his face behind his arm.
Cas was afraid to go back to his room quite yet, so he sat on the steps that lead up to the entrance of his building for a while. He wasn’t really dressed appropriately for the chilly fall night but he didn’t particularly care about maybe catching a cold. After some time he decided Dean should be done with whatever he might have kept doing after Cas had left earlier. When he got to their dorm room, Dean was back sitting at his desk, writing, like nothing had ever happened in the meantime.
They hung up soon after that. Cas didn’t feel like asking Dean to help him find a new girlfriend right now. He needed to process all that was going on at the moment.
“Dean was really hurt when you decided to become a priest. Now I know why he was so upset—because he had you for a moment and was hoping to get you back eventually, but then you chose a way that made it impossible for the two of you to ever be together.”
“If he can afford it, I’m glad to help with that,” Dean says and retrieves a business card from his wallet. It’s not his usual style to acquire clients at gatherings like these, though on the other hand this money payed the bills for Sammy’s education so he should be grateful instead of kicking his foot under the table.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. And that it’s over. I always have such serious stage fright right before a premiere.”
Their shoulders brushed but Dean leaned closer and Cas’s head gently knocked against his. He could just fall asleep like this—right there with Cas cuddling him. He thought he was already dreaming when suddenly another pair of lips made contact with his own.
“Where were you last night?” Sam asks and promptly receives an explanation as he looks at the mess of Dean’s clothes and the condom foil on the floor.
Cas is unsure of what to say to that. Obviously, there’s a thing, but he doesn’t quite understand it.
“You don’t need filthy words for a filthy fantasy, Cas. But it wouldn’t hurt if you said dick or cock instead of ‘down there.’”
“Yes, of course, sorry,” Cas says. He doesn’t know where to put his hands. Instead he’s making weird gestures.
After Alfie has excused himself to get another drink, another redhead comes to stand beside him. “I haven’t seen you around,” she says.
This trip was kind of a last minute thing for Cas. He found some really great offer online and decided to go for it. He needed this. He deserves this after everything that’s happened with the job he didn’t get because of Dean Winchester. And now he’s here. He did certainly not deserve
Cas was upset, though it could have gone worse. Meg’s positive reaction hadn’t surprised him at all and he was grateful how accepting his father had been but he’d wished his mother and Michael could see it like them. They would, one day, Cas was hopeful. Tomorrow or so he’d have to call Hannah and inform her about his relationship with Dean as well, hopefully before anyone from the family could forestall him. He was certain his sister was going to be as understanding as Meg and his father.
“I thought we could repeat this a few times,” Cas suggests with a big smile on his face which Dean mirrors upon hearing these words.
“We don’t know that yet. We didn’t find anything and there were no marks around her neck. You have to wait for the autopsy report. I can show you the pictures of her body in the meantime.”
Never before has Dean let himself feel, not like this, has repressed more than a person should have to bear and now he feels...everything.
Sam has a cold pack pressed to the back of his head. They’re sitting on the sofa and Dean is telling the whole story in detail—the important details at least.
Two days after the wedding, Dean went back to Donnie’s bar and to ask to get his job back. He doesn’t want to depend on his fake husband after all and what else is he supposed to do with his days. He can’t just sit in the apartment all day long and do nothing.
“I’d rather not say anything to my disadvantage, something that could betray my current appearance. It was safer to be still.”
“You are, babe. No need to hide my beautiful boyfriend,” Dean said, grinning, and Cas was certain his face had turned beet-red.
you—” He moaned and Dean’s dick twitched in excitement. Cas’s hands slid past the waistband of his pajama bottoms and a content hum reached Dean’s ears as Cas was stroking himself under the flannel.
“Jack!” he calls without waiting for an answer and his first instinct is to look behind the stack of wooden pallets next to what seems to be the back door of a restaurant. “He’s here,” he calls.
Maybe it’s the beer or Cas’s company that makes Dean loosen up more. He’s not afraid of touching him all the time—a hand on his shoulder, his back, all smiley faced and whoever would watch them, would certainly grasp they’re more than just bros. And Cas knows this must all be new for Dean but he’s glad their relationship isn’t forcing him back into the closet again.
“Me neither,” Dean says, “but we got to get you up to the house somehow.” Finally, he gets the merman out of the car and in the wheelbarrow. He pushes him up the pathway and when he’s halfway there, the door opens, Sam peeking out.
“I’m afraid I won’t yet be able to accompany you,” Balthazar says, “but you’ll be in good hands with Cain.”
He looked at it, smiling as he indulged in the memories it carried. He was actually glad to have met Cas today, but he didn’t know if he was able to let go again. Anyhow, it was too late and Dean had had a few drinks too many to reflect on this with reason. Probably he was just sentimental. There was still his life that was perfectly fine without Cas and Cas had his life in which there was no room for Dean. At least not in a role Dean would have liked. He could still think about this after he’d had some rest and cease his awkward relationship with Cas, so he could finally leave it behind for good.
Jack and Sam, a small stretch away from their parasols, are sitting on the ground, digging and piling up sand, attempting to build a sand castle.
Suddenly, there’s a light so bright everyone has to close their eyes and then it’s pitch dark and completely quiet except for the nervous mumbling of the crowd. However, a few seconds later the lights switch back on and the music continues where it left off.
Cas is shifting in the dark, a lot actually, although he’s only supposed to move an inch and then there’s Cas’s hand on his shoulder, sliding up until it finds the back of his head and Dean can’t really resent him for having decided to murder him, except that Cas ends up kissing him instead.
“No, dad, please!” she pleads, jumping up from the step she’s been sitting on. “I’ll be in serious trouble if she finds out I lied.”
It’s been a while since Athena has finished her call and Cas is filled in on everything Jody and Donna have experienced together in Montevideo today. They were scheduled to leave fifteen minutes ago but the last person to accompany them still hasn’t shown up.
“This should cover everything, including the tip,” Cas says and hands him a few bills. “I’ll work until our food has arrived.” He leaves Dean, still in his wedding suit, standing in the hallway and walks into the living room. Dean follows him, cautiously. Cas opens the cover, sets the rack upright and lifts the lid that covers the keyboard. He sits on the bench and, slowly, in an almost ceremonial manner, his hands descend onto the keys.
“Indianapolis,” he said briefly. He glanced back at the TV again, somehow insecure as if he couldn’t decide whether to ogle a half-naked Leia or to continue talking to Dean.
“Love you, love you,” Cas breathed and his hand found Dean’s on the sheets, their fingers intertwining.
Cas was dreading the day they had to go to Lawrence and see Dean’s parents. Of course there would be Sam and his girlfriend Jessica whom he’d really love to meet and Mrs. Winchester had always been nice but the memory of John Winchester basically calling him a failure still stung in his chest. And Cas also knew that Mr. Winchester wasn’t very happy about his son being into men and these two facts combined weren’t very promising for their reunion.
“No further discussion, Dean. We’re going. You don’t have to pretend to be totally into ballet but at least give it a chance, okay? Also, I’d really like you to see our city’s performing arts center for once. I assume you’ve never been there?” Dean stays silent which is conformation enough for Cas. “The architecture is really impressive, trust me. And by the way, there’ll be free drinks and finger food afterwards.”
“Meg,” Cas said. “She’s at Notre Dame now but we’re dealing with the situation pretty well. At least I think we do.”
“You said it yourself last night: this scheme could earn you a prison sentence if we’re not careful.”
Dean retrieved his phone from his pocket and handed it to Cas. “Your number, please.” Cas took it from him with a smile and quickly created a new contact with his name and phone number.
Cas is in a trance-like state, amazed by what he’s currently watching, so he hasn’t even registered Dean getting ahold of the lube.
He proceeds to get on top of him again and starts to massage Dean’s shoulders and neck and receives a moan in response. He needs Dean to be fully relaxed, so he takes his time to work out the knots in his back first.
Then, pausing for a beat, he resumes, “Don’t forget you told the people here we’re all brothers. No need to tell the receptionist the good news.”
Mostly, he hang out by Cas’s side, joking around and telling him bits from his childhood that the angel had probably heard a million times already, but he didn’t protest.
He breaks their kiss again, searching Cas’s eye, then casts a quick look at Cas’s prominent arousal, full and eager, before folding his fingers around it, watching Cas’s every expression as he does so.
Dean’s long, soft fingers find their way onto his chest, thumbing at his nipples, prompting Cas to move things along. He slides his hand down along Dean’s spine until they reach the waistband of his pants and grabs two hands full of ass before reaching around to the front to open the button. Then, Cas shoves a flat hand inside to feel Dean being hard under the fabric of his boxer briefs. Dean responds with a strangled gasp.
Cas’s hand touches his shoulder, firm and warm. “No, Dean. You stay here. I’ll see you tomorrow?” He says it as a question. As if there was any doubt Dean wouldn’t want to spend any second he’s got with him.
“No chick-flick moments, Cas,” Dean utters, averting his face to conceal his blush, and leans back against the headboard. Then, to save him, his stomach makes a grumbling noise and Dean announces he’s taking a shower and going to get some breakfast afterwards. Only when he gets out of a steamy bathroom in nothing but a towel he remembers he’s not in his own room and doesn’t have any fresh clothes here but he was going to wear the same pair of shorts today again anyway and decides to follow Cas’s example and go without underwear on until after breakfast when he changes for the beach.
“I can’t,” he told Father Jim, who had just walked into his office, a few weeks later. Cas had spent the day filing and copying and typing again.
Dean is holding a lube bottle in one hand, a condom in the other. “I thought, just in case,” he says, blushing, “we don’t need to use these if you don’t feel like it. It’s okay if we just… I’ll just leave these here,” he says and places the items on the bed.
“How about you sit with Cas and I make the tea.” It’s not an option. And Dean is certain it’s safe to leave her alone with Cas for a minute.
Outside in the hall there have been pub tables with white cloths set up in front of another small stage. Waiters are filling trays with champagne glasses.
“When we were in college, during our junior year,” he paused, running a hand through his hair, “I accidentally saw you,” another pause, a deep breath, “masturbate.”
“Will do,” Dean promises, dishonestly, though she’s probably aware of that. “And you tell me if your database spits out something.”
Sam clears his throat. “Of course not,” he says. “It’s just…unexpected, to hear this from you, Dean.”
“I guess I… Thank you, man. I would be fish dinner by now without you,” he says. His entire body is trembling. “How about we go someplace warm, get some hot coffee?”
“Oh, nothing. Like I said, I only wanted to take a look, see where you work. Have you already made plans for your car?”
Dean turns his head and looks at him. “Oh, so you’re still trying to adjust? How did you think this was for me, huh? I’m sorry you’re not the center of the universe anymore but she’s also your niece, so be nice to her.”
“Hey!” Dean shouts possibly inaudibly for the rock climber. In a jog, he moves closers towards the north end of the beach, hoping to get the guy out of danger without him making a fuss about it.
Castiel’s life went back to what it had been before he had left for college. His Sunday mornings were spent at Mass, working as altar server, and much else of his free time was dedicated to the church as well.
“No, Claire, it’s not like that,” Dean says, trying to help. “I mean, yes, we planned to have a few drinks but you have to understand your dad’s having…things going on.”
Along the pathway he found more flowers and picked the prettiest, leaving a bunch of them for his mom. The other half he crafted into a flower crown while he talked to his parents, sitting in the grass opposite their headstone. He wasn’t very skilled at making this but once he thought it would do, he wished his parents goodbye and walked until he reached Cas again.
“Cas broke your heart… Oh, Dean! I never would’ve asked him to come to the wedding had I known that—”
There was this dream he had. It’s still vivid in his mind although it occurred more than twenty years ago and he hadn’t thought of it in forever. It was a good dream, it started out really great. He dreamed that he had made it to a world class wrestling career and his current opponent in a fight was Gunnar Lawless. He doesn’t know who was winning but it didn’t matter. He was a winner just for being able to compete against his idol. And at the height of the fight, the crowd around them roaring in excitement, he woke up, drenched in sweat. Shocked, Dean realized he had come in his pajama bottoms.
“See, I told you,” Dean says to Cas, sounding a little whiny, like they’ve already had this talk and Cas didn’t believe him. Then, to Sam, he says, “You ready to go?”
And Dean was right. It really does help to get his mind off work, if only for a little bit, and it’s been far too long since the last time he watched that movie.
Dean seems to understand and leaves, not entirely though, and Cas doesn’t mind him staying anymore. They both still have to put a lot of effort into accomplishing what either of them would consider enough, but at least they have the other’s support. For now. Until they don’t need each other anymore.
Cas moves in for a hug. “Thank you,” he says softly and a smile spreads on Dean’s face. This is when he meets Benny’s eye over Cas’s shoulder. He lets go of him.
Dean’s right hand is lazily stroking Cas’s chest, the left resting on his shoulder. He is unusually quiet. Cas lifts his left hand out of the water and places it on Dean’s who immediately laces their fingers together. Then he lightly kisses Cas’s neck. “I love you,” he whispers into the hair on the back of his head, evoking a gentle smile on the angel’s face.
Slowly, Cas sunk down onto Dean’s thick cock. He made sure to breathe out in order to stay calm and relaxed and Dean held him in balance at his sides. When Dean was all the way in, Cas paused for a moment to adjust.
It was only late in the afternoon, but Cas got under his blanket, clothes still on and shut his eyes. He cried until he fell asleep and didn’t wake before sunrise.
He’s beginning to like him (again). Yes, he wanted to be the bigger person but this doesn’t necessarily mean he has to like Dean. He’s probably confusing sexual attraction with genuine affection. He tends to do this. He’s never really been able to separate sex from feelings. And they haven’t even had sex. Yet.
“Several,” he says and rolls his sweater up to his elbow to expose skin covered in black ink. “It goes all the way up to my shoulder.”
“Cas,” Dean said. The lump in his throat made it hard to speak. “I want the same.” He reached his hand across the bench and clutched Cas’s. “It’s just… I don’t know anything else. This, hunting, has always been my life.”
Castiel stopped and opened his eyes. He should probably try that out before they got down to it, get used the feeling of latex on this particular part of his body. He would have to buy condoms…
Dean stares at his reflection in the bathroom mirror as the water runs over his hands, washing away streaks of black dust, the drain swallowing every droplet like the hungry sun takes away hour after hour of their precious time. They’re running out. Tomorrow night the moon will stand full against the dark sky. Cas had two weeks but they only got a few days together. They were robbed.
The guy whose ass he had been admiring before was getting closer but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off the situation between Cas and the chick.
“Hey, guys! Over here,” Charlie called when they had arrived at the location, so they followed her voice and took their seats at the unoccupied side of the table after saying hello.
Cas’s car broke down yesterday and as long as it’s in the garage, Dean has to chauffeur him around. His group is having rehearsal at Kauffmann Center for the upcoming release party of their first record and Dean is supposed to pick him up at six.
When he turns the key in the lock of his door, a voice close to him makes him jump three feet to the side. For a second he thinks his brother showed up uninvited after all.
“What did you think? You vanished from that rock after being hit by a wave. That really stressed me out.”
They’re getting separate rooms again but Cas doesn’t want to think of how they’re supposed to handle camping together. Athena also informs them that they can only take a small amount of baggage with them and will be provided with duffel bags. The rest of their things will be left here until they return.
He pushes Cas against the wall, his mind racing with all the things still unsaid, how to even begin or perhaps explaining the situation beforehand. Instead he cups Cas’s jaw with his left hand and kisses him hard.
“Please,” Dean says in a high-pitched voice, “there’s a lot to look at in here,” following a woman’s ass with his eyes as she walks by, “but definitely not you.”
Dean was about to walk towards them, intending to scold Sam for not telling him they were coming to Sioux Falls, when a hand on his shoulder held him back.
“So, uh,” Dean says, “Sam wanted to meet you first before we’d get started on any sightseeing. I’ve already filled him in a little on the blanks on our ride from the airport.”
When he comes back out, dressed in sweatpants and a T-shirt now, Dean and Sam are both yelling at the TV.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mrs. Winchester. Thank you for making us dinner,” Cas answered politely.
One day the girl happened to sit next to Cas. He really wanted to speak to her but Bartholomew was asking him about something they had been taught the week before and also Cas didn’t want to address the girl when his course mate was watching. If she was to turn him down, the humiliation of him witnessing would be too much to bear. So he ignored her.
A woman, probably in her sixties, greets them enthusiastically, hugging Athena and kissing her cheeks but Dean doesn’t understand what they’re saying.
Dean is happy to see him when Cas comes over in the late afternoon and even more pleased to see the pie Cas brought. They split it into halves but Dean ends up eating at least two thirds alone. Cas doesn’t mind.
The elevator comes to a halt and the door opens. Dean’s still too embarrassed to look anywhere but his feet.
Cas’s tongue quickly licked over the slit of his cock and then he swiftly swallowed him down as far as he could. Fuck, Dean had missed this so much. It had been so long since they’d done this. Since they’d done
Gunnar held himself up with one arm on the backrest as he started to undo his belt with the other, then button and zipper and pulled out his swollen cock.
They left at eight in the morning, Cas continuing to sleep in the car for the next two hours. When he was fully awake, he persuaded Dean to let him drive for some time. He would have to do all the driving from Indianapolis onwards anyway.
“Whatever you do, Cas, you know you’ve got me and Dorothy and Dean will be there with you all the time.”
Cas doesn’t feel like he’s been wasting his time ever since he met Dean. He might have before, but every second spent with Dean is precious and Cas wouldn’t want to miss out.
They link arms and Jody leads him to a door with a sign on it that reads ‘Staff Only’ but Donna is already awaiting them.
“Only good things, I hope,” Dean replied with a smile. “It’s nice to finally meet you. You’ve made great impact on Cas’s life.”
“Yeah, we’re planning to buy one in a few years. Not necessarily in Uruguay. We were thinking Mexico or Argentina maybe. You know, retire from our regular jobs, guide people through national parks, all on horseback of course, maybe even offer therapy,” Cesar says.
“Yeah, that too, I guess,” Dean says, then, with a grin, “but, I mean, have you seen him. Guy’s hot.”
“What?” she exclaimed, causing other students to look at her. Then she resumed, not so loudly, “but he has seen me with Gilda.”
“No, I’ve got it,” Cas says, slightly strained, but his body tells another story. He seems to be used to heavy lifting and with a job where he’s got to carry boards and logs on a daily basis, Dean guesses he has to be in good physical shape. He’s careful on the ladder and the bicep of the arm that’s carrying the chair challenges the seam of his T-shirt. Dean hadn’t really noticed before, or at least he hadn’t given it much thought up until now, but Cas is actually quite firmly built. There’s got to be some serious abs going on under that shirt and—
“Yeah, well, I like the picture. You look so peaceful in it,” Dean made an attempt to explain his motivation.
Cas is quiet, even breaths next to his ear, holding him. Dean has slipped into a state between dream and reality, picturing their life together, having countless moments like this, waking up in Cas’s arms, no need to say goodbye. No
details—but he couldn’t find anything. Man, these were some really nice panties. He imagined how he would look in them, how Cas would look at him when he wore them. Fuck, he missed his husband. His husband who was right over there…glaring at him again.
Cas rolls his eyes. “I know you’re playing your music when I’m gone and feel free to do so. You’re not my prisoner. What I meant was, do you go out from time to time, meet people, maybe try to get a job?”
For a minute or so, nothing happens and Missouri’s head moves slightly, like she’s searching for something inside Cas’s head. Suddenly, she’s still for a second, and then, with a gasp, her eyes open wide, only the white of her eyes visible, Cas looking at her in terror. “Missouri!” Dean yells, throwing himself between them, tea spilling as he hits the table. She lets go of Cas and closes her eyes. They’re back to normal when she opens them once again.
“You should focus on something else. Don’t let yourself drown in anguish. And who knows, a new love might just be around the corner.”
“Dean!” he calls, throwing open the door to the apartment. “We have a problem.” He’s looking for something but doesn’t know what exactly. He needs to calm down.
Cas crushed their lips together before carefully pushing himself up and then down again. It felt good. Really good. Fucking Dean was one thing, but being fucked was a whole lot different. He felt more vulnerable but also much safer because of Dean’s patience and gentle touches. The feeling of it got better with every thrust downwards and Dean’s tongue kept fucking into his mouth as Cas fucked himself on Dean’s hard cock.
Gunnar was half draped over Dean as he kissed him again, careful not to crush him under his weight. He gently pushed the T-shirt over Dean’s head and placed kisses from his jaw downwards along his neck to his collarbone. “You too,” Dean breathed out and pulled at the hem of Gunnar’s shirt. Dean had to gasp for air at the sight of Gunnar’s well-shaped athlete’s body.
For a moment he considered calling in sick and return to his boyfriend to be with him in a way they hadn’t been before but he was an adult and he had responsibilities and sex with Cas would have to wait until after work.
“I could say the same about you, Dean,” the priest told him. “I believe your friendship has saved Castiel more than once.”
There’s tons of lore about Saint Lucy or Santa Lucia or whatever you’d like to call her. They find versions of the love oracle that originate from Scandinavia and Sam assumes the Swedish ancestors of the people in this region brought the creature with them from the Old World.
“I’ll be there,” he said and waved his hand as goodbye before he picked up his laundry basket and left for his room. He just hoped Charlie wouldn’t pursue anything further to getting him around now that she knew he had a girlfriend a few states over.
“And by catching it she expressed her wish to get married soon, aka meeting her true love,” Sam concludes.
“Oh, I’m not from out of town. I just had to quickly find a new place to stay after my divorce and…you know.”
“You know I’m a very private person,” Cas says. “And things went so well with Dean, I didn’t want to jinx it. I’ve never met anyone like him before.”
“No problem,” he says and quickly kneels down to retrieve his water bottle from his bag and takes a demonstratively long gulp to indicate this conversation is over.
Dean opens his mouth once but closes it again before saying anything. He looks a little bit hurt, defeated. He plops onto the floor and leans his head against the bed. Cas comes to sit next to him.
“Thank you, Cas. We’re so glad you came,” Dorothy said and Cas kissed her and Charlie on their cheeks. Charlie leaned closer to Dean while they talked, whispering, “Be nice to him. He doesn’t know anyone here.”
“Good morning,” Dean murmurs, slowly opening his eyes and his heart makes a flip when he sees Cas looking at him, all fond and with so much love, Dean has to pull him into a kiss to avoid getting overwhelmed by the sight.
“Castiel, of course you do. You’re a great person; don’t diminish yourself,” Father Jim said and put a hand on Cas’s back. “You should talk to Dean and ask him to be friends again, okay?”
Dean looks around the room, hopeful to spot a hot lady to dance with, but everyone seems to be taken already, except for Castiel.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, leaning back slightly, so Dean had enough space to turn around onto his hands and knees.
“Dean!” he said as he entered the room. His friend was sitting on his bed, face hidden behind his hands. He looked up when he heard Cas. His eyes were red, though he didn’t appear to be crying.
“So, now would you please quit being rude and introduce me to this lovely lady here,” he says instead and the girl next to Alicia tries to hide her blush behind her hands.
Captain Hanscum approaches them with a gleeful expression. “How good to find you here,” she says, then she notices Cas, the change of her mood obvious as she adds, “oh, hello.”
“By whom?” Dean asks but Cas thinks this doesn’t actually require an answer and gets rid of the T-shirt as well.
Dean leads them through a hallway which ends in a spacious kitchen with a dining area at the other end. It smells delicious in here.
“I told you problems tend to arise when you’re completely unprepared,” Cas reminded him and couldn’t help but chuckle in relief.
“Benny is on his honeymoon right now, Cas. But I’m also familiar with your car, so I’m pretty sure I’ll be able to assist you as well.”
“Only that they’ll keep an eye out for missing persons reports. They still don’t know who the guy was or where he might have come from given that they couldn’t find any personal items.”
I am absolutely not sorry for the cheesy last line. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this fic and thank you for reading!
Dean felt awful for what he was going to say next. “Yeah, something like that.” He was an asshole, but he couldn’t just tell his boyfriend that it was primarily he who didn’t want Cas to be confronted with his sex life. He wanted to keep those two as far apart as possible.
Billie wrote a few lines on the selected pieces, leaves praises for the musicians, a few thank you notes to people from the industry.
Sam hadn’t come downstairs yet and Mary was sitting opposite her husband, expecting him to explain. He acted like he didn’t notice her staring. “John?” she said in a demanding tone. He didn’t look up. “John!” she repeated, louder this time.
“Even if they’ll accept your request, this could take years and until then, well, you won’t be in a good position.”
He came here for the first time a few months ago, preferring to stay all by himself, passing on every guy who was confident enough to hit on him, though not impolitely, studying them with big eyes for a moment before turning down their offer. Everyone was curious about the new guy but he seemed off, unapproachable. Yet, thanks to a handful of bold men, we know that his name is Michael. At least that’s what he’s told them with his calm, silky voice. Some interpreted the exchange as an invitation, a challenge to convince him that they were special and should be the one Michael decides to take with him, doing all kinds of beautiful things to them. Others saw a threat in the way Michael dismissed them—eyes hungry, but not in a good way, like a wild animal ready to attack.
“No, Sam, I have absolutely no doubts about this…about him. Yes, he was the reason for some major heartbreak but now we’re fine and I love him and I wanna be with him.”
He can feel Dean’s heart beating as fast as his, clinging to each other, waiting for something else to happen.
“I’m happy to hear you have someone like Dean in your life. You should probably talk to him. He might have some good advice for you.”
Cas is alone in the house for less than ten minutes but he’s jumpy and over-attentive, expecting something to happen with every small sound he’s not even sure is actually real or just in his head.
They’re actually doing better now and being so close to Cas is only half as bad as Dean expected. And he’s secretly astounded by how good Cas is at this.
“Oh, I didn’t know what to bring, so I bought some pie. Now I feel bad that I didn’t bake one myself.”
“Whatever you think this was, it’s not what you’re making yourself believe. Cas chose the life he has now. He chose it over you, apparently while being aware of your feelings for him. Maybe there even was a time he wanted you but he decided becoming a priest was more important to him than being with you, Dean. It’s over. It’s been over for a long time now, you have to realize that. Also, what about Cassie? I thought you loved her.”
“No, definitely the third one,” Cas concludes. Then he says something in Spanish which, Dean is convinced, surely isn’t real Spanish and the vineyard owner gives him a refill. Cas keeps talking, in English this time, making wide gestures with his hands like the wine has given him the mentality of a Latino.
I was actually going to add a rant at the end of this fic about how in my country (Austria) there still isn't real marriage equality after putting it into effect by the beginning of this year. BUT. I just read the news that as of today binational couples (with one partner being a citizen of a country that does not allow marriage equality) can actually get married here now. Finally.
After five minutes Gunnar said, “I think that’s enough now,” and Dean stopped the car under a street lamp without negotiating for some extra time. He turned off the engine and turned to Gunnar who was looking at him. “Thank you. That was fun,” Dean said.
Then he turns slightly to his side to open the lid of the piano and runs his fingers over the keyboard, without pressing any of the keys though.
“Hi Hannah,” Dean replied. His tenseness had eased only slightly. There were still three more people he had to meet.
“Yes. Her mother is out of town on a business trip and Claire’s staying with me for two nights,” Cas explains and puts the beer save for two bottles in the fridge.
“I have to,” he says and the finality of his words hit Dean with all their force. For the first time he feels like he can’t take it, like he won’t be able to survive Cas’s departure. He turns away from them, towards the window. It’s a sunny day outside, small waves glistening on the calm ocean.
Dean’s standing by his Impala, watching Cas exit the apartment building. The sight of him takes his breath away.
The feathers between his fingers were incredibly warm and soft and Cas shyly looked away while Dean stroked a careful hand over one of his wings.
“Castiel,” the priest interrupted, “I don’t want to rush your story but I think it’d be better to relieve yourself by coming to the point at once.” Then Father Jim gave him a knowing look.
Suddenly he heard footsteps coming up behind him and before he realized it, Cas had grabbed him by his shoulders, spun him around and forced his mouth onto his.
“Fine,” Dean replied, trying to sound as resolute as Cas, and rose from the couch. “You can do whatever the fuck you want.”
“I’m mostly working with teenagers. Some of them are hard to get through to, but I’m getting along pretty well. That’s the kind of job I’ve always wanted to do.”
“Next time, don’t touch anything,” he says when they’re carrying the bags to the car and almost drops everything when he realizes what he just said. There won’t be a next time and Dean swallows the bitter taste of this sudden awareness.
Cas has fallen into jog and as soon as they hit the road back into town, he’s running, like he’s trying to get away from something, someone. “Cas,” Dean shouts, “Cas, what’s going on, what are you afraid of?”
“Cas, what are you saying? I swear, I didn’t do anything and I wouldn’t have. I just liked the attention, okay. I’m not into that woman.”
“As long as you’re on this ship, Captain Hanscum is the highest authority and her word is law. So you better settle your dispute or neither of you will be allowed in any public areas of the ship where you can continue to disturb the other passengers.”
He doesn’t say it but Dean is convinced that Cas is actually fucking scared Dean won’t ever be ready to come out to his family. Cas doesn’t deserve this. He doesn’t deserve to be hidden away in Dean’s dark closet because Dean doesn’t have the balls to tell his mom and brother and daughter that he’s in lo—that he’s into guys and dating Cas.
When both their pants and socks and Cas’s shirt are off, Dean urges him to lie back on the bed and crawls on top of him.
As he waited for the laundry to get done, he switched on the TV and zapped through the channels. There was nothing on, of course, so he gave up and instead inspected Dean’s Blu-ray collection. Many of the titles meant nothing to him and he guessed Dean would have to continue where he had left off with his tutoring. Cas hadn’t really had the opportunity in a while to have movie marathons or actually go to a movie theater.
There’s no hurry in what Cas does or the negligence that comes along with his usual, intoxicated hook-ups.
“Nobody is taking the bed,” Charlie says. “Here.” She begins to push aside one of the chairs and Dean comes to help get the furniture out of the way.
“What? You’d prefer if she’d be smooching a guy right now?” Cas noticed Dean’s passive-aggressive tone.
Dean is still playing with the lapel of his coat. He kisses Cas again and Cas’s thumb moves to Dean’s chin, pulling down slightly until Dean takes the hint and parts his lips.
Maybe they would’ve felt bad for throwing it away, he considered. Anyway, its beauty had faded, so Dean decided to get rid of it and tossed it in the high grass behind the angel.
Dean sits again, putting the board on the floor in front of them. “No,” he says, “I was waiting for a good opportunity.”
“No, he’s actually quite good at dancing… Although, I mostly had to do all the work anyway. I was really nailing this
His brother was still too young to understand why mommy wasn’t ever coming home again and their father acted soon after like nothing ever happened. Dean hardly dared to bring her up around him because he wasn’t very fond of being yelled at and sent to his room for having done nothing wrong.
Mary was just retrieving a baking sheet with pizza pockets from the oven when they came into the room. “I figured you guys will be hungry,” she said and slid the oven mitt off her hand before she walked up to welcome Cas.
“Isn’t it weird to be friends with your ex? Again, I’m sorry, but I’ve never managed to stay friends with someone after breaking up.”
“You’d want that?” she asked. Dean shrugged his shoulders, casting a hidden glance towards Cas. Charlie saw it anyway.
Cas chuckles and lets himself be enveloped by Dean’s arms. They stay like this for a while until he feels Dean tense up.
When Dean had come to him while he’d been in the bathtub, he hadn’t wasted a single thought on what Dean being there with him meant while he was without any clothes on, the bathwater hardly concealing his nudity. The thought that Dean could be after something sexual hadn’t even crossed his mind. Dean had come to take care of him, to comfort him.
“Hey, um,” he said loudly and cleared his throat. Then he moved closer to Dean and stood beside him. Dean gave him a
They catch Sam and Eileen staring at them. Dean forgot to at least attempt signing what he said for her but he doubts his sign language skills would have been good enough anyway but he assumes Sam has kindly done this for him.
“Mrs. Graham, did you notice anything before or after either of the women died? Did you perhaps smell something like rotten eggs or notice any place that appeared unusually cold?” Cas interrogated.
Light floods the lobby of Kauffman Center as Cas strides across the polished marble floor. Rowena set up a meeting between him and violinist Linda Tran who, so he was told, wants to propose cooperation on a project and if there’s one thing Cas needs right now, it’s a steady job.
“Let’s go,” Michael urges him and Dean is running towards Billie before he even realizes that his feet have started to move.
The river then flows into the ocean and this, the wide and deep blue, accompanied by a salty breeze, this is what he loves most about his home. This is where old gods came to reconquer the earth in his Cthulhu series, emerging from furious seas out into lashing rainstorms, impelled to inflict their wrath unto humanity.
He wriggled his legs out from underneath her and zipped his fly back up. “I… I don’t feel like doing it right now,” he confessed weakly.
Regular confession had also been important for Cas. Apparently, there was a lot one could feel guilty for when obeying and serving the church from a very young age on and he’d rather play it safe by probably confessing more than necessary. As he got older, though, Cas realized that he actually was a good person and didn’t have to fear eternal damnation for every tiny slip. He became more confident with himself and dared to try live his life to a certain degree differently from his parents’ plan for their children. One of those steps towards sovereignty, and most likely the biggest to date, was convincing them to let him go to college not only pretty much out of their reach, but also independently from the grasp of Catholic authority. And lo, Cas had succeeded. He was free to be a person of his own.
This can’t solely be about the grief he’s had to endure. Dean has experienced grief before in his life. Too many times.
He also saw the rest of his family every Sunday, except for Hannah who was now living in Chicago, and sometimes he’d talk to his parents or Michael and his nephew and niece. He was lucky to be in his home parish for now but that was certainly going to change in the not so distant future.
“There’s this girl in my lecture but I guess I missed my chance. I don’t really care what she looks like as long as she’s nice,” Cas said.
Dean didn’t get straight away what he was referring to but then it sunk in. Cas was looking at the picture Gabriel had taken of him while he’d slept and sent to Dean. He’d planned to take it down and hide it in a drawer before Cas got here.
It was cheesy. If his life had been a romantic movie, Dean would’ve puked by now, but he had waited so long for this to happen that he didn’t care at all. He’d had quite a few partners before Cas but none of them had made him feel like he did. He even had loved some of them, but not like he loved Cas. He had always been there, in the back of his mind, in a special corner of his heart, even when they’d been apart and Dean had been with someone else.
Cas grazes a finger across his cheek. This is what Dean imagines a feather of his wings would feel like on his skin. "Yes, Dean." He lifts his head a little to nudge his nose against Dean's. "I want you. All I ever wanted was you," he says and Dean has to choke down an emotion.
“It was good. Really good. He thinks I should share this with my family as well…share how much you mean to me.”
Cas hesitated for a moment. He had never done this before. His hand searched for the hook and found it but he couldn’t get it open so he tried it with a second hand until, finally, he succeeded. Mandy sat up again and pushed the straps down her arms and threw the piece of lingerie on the floor.
One could hear the ongoing party from far away and Dean briefly thought he was going to be blown away by the bass that hit him as soon as he entered the house. Cas was right behind him and Dean had to pull him inside by his arm before he could turn on his heel and run away. The present crowd was not more than a mixture of blue and white bodies, entangling even further as they moved around dancing. Dean stuck out in his olive shirt whereas Cas fit in perfectly well with his blue one. Probably too well. If Dean ever lost him here, he wouldn’t be able to find him again. “Stay with me,” he yelled over the music, grabbed Cas’s hand and hauled him through the masses.
The whole world was spinning when Dean’s legs gave in and he collapsed onto the floor. Tears were falling from his eyes but the only thing he could think of was how Cas was helplessly begging him to stay with him. His pupils were gradually becoming unable to focus and dared to roll back inside the sockets but then…
Why is this so hard? He's had days to figure out what he would have said—what he would say. In the end, though, words were never enough.
One time, Dean had just made a quick coffee run, he saw Cas walking around with a group of people. Some girl was next to him, saying something that made him laugh. Dean hated her already.
“I wasn’t lost,” Cas rectified. “I was on the way to my room when Charlie here stopped in front of me and asked if I’d ever seen
“Oh, we’re living in a good neighborhood. The city itself is also really nice, great barbecue, you know, I like it very much.”
Dean realizes that he’s never thought of it that way. That Cas is family now. Sam’s family as well. Real or not. He and Cas are legally married and that makes Cas and Sam brothers-in-law.
But he was still conscious enough to hold back. The girls were making out heavily, only a blend of red and brown hair sitting on their shoulders, hard to tell were one started and the other ended. Dean’s heart ached at the sight.
Originally, people used to take baths to get clean, as far as he’s heard. However, nowadays it’s become less and less of a cleansing process. Everyone’s busy, no-one’s got time anymore for something as simple as this. Taking a bath, even owning a bathtub seems to have become a luxury. In movies he’s usually seen women taking baths, considering it some sort of reward, a retreat from their stressful lives between job and family, mostly getting interrupted anyway by children loudly entering the room or a phone ringing. Or, when they were actually able to enjoy it, they were rich women. So baths and wealth seem to be connected somehow, Jack reckons.
He took a swig and his friends cheered. “Go, Cas!” Benny exclaimed and all three of them raised their beers, declaring to drink to the Blue Devils.
“Cas,” he says again, placing a palm on Castiel’s cheek and pulling him close, placing another soft kiss on his lips. “I love you.” It’s barely a breath against Cas’s mouth and the angel draws back, searching his eyes.
When the man doesn’t move, Dean sighs and just steps into his boxer briefs with the towel still on, like a shy boy in the locker room. “You’re weird,” he says and puts on a fresh pair of jeans and a henley.
“Yeah, I know, son. Our Dean here’s becoming an engineer. We’re really proud of him,” John said, visibly satisfied with what his offspring had made of himself. Dean crouched a little in his seat, slightly embarrassed. “What’re you studying again?” his father asked Cas.
When he gets up in the morning, Dean, for once, doesn’t feel like he’s been hit by a truck. Having a quiet night in, drinking beer and watching a movie is apparently much better for his well-being than hitting a random bar and grill and getting fucked by a stranger. Who would’ve thought that.
Feather-light, his fingertips study its skin. Cas seems to measure the length of his fingers as if to determine whether or not they’d be suited for playing the piano. Dean doesn’t pulls away. He just lets him do.
“Guys,” Balthazar interrupts their banter, “this is a tango class, not a standing-close-together class.”
Dean’s hands wandered down his back to grab two handfuls of firm denim-clad ass. The guy moaned into his mouth and Dean took the opportunity of holding his rear end to pull him close to his crotch and began to shamelessly grind against him.
Cas only hummed faintly in response before withdrawing from Dean’s embrace. “I think I’d like to take a bath to clear my head,” he said.
When they turned around they saw a group of boys walking by, laughing and making jokes about the two men who made out in the middle of campus during the day.
“I’m absolutely not…” He’s never felt so offended in his life. “I mean I am but not, you know, with Dean. The mere thought of this is ridiculous!”
Gabe snorts out a bit of cookie mush through his nose, Kelvin face-palms but laughs behind his hand. Cas just stares, then blinks once, twice. He isn’t near drunk enough for this.
“We might be having a Princess and the Pea,” Mr. Turner murmurs into his whiskey while he’s taking a drink.
“Uh, you know, what every family would say. ‘Are you sure it’s not a scam?’, ‘Why are they telling you
Balt puts a hand on his chest, above his heart. “Cas, why didn’t you talk to me? I could have helped you somehow.”
Well, of course he met new people and challenges in his job too, but it was work after all…which he loved and it mostly didn’t get monotonous, but his life in general did.
“You like that?” he teased, slipping a finger under the waistband of the panties, letting it snap back when he removed the finger again. Cas gasped.
For spring break Cas got picked up by his cousin Gabriel—the famous Gabriel with the Superman underwear. Dean met him too on that occasion and hardly doubted he and Cas were actually related. Dean didn’t like him.
“You should’ve spent less time watching tall guys chase a ball in college. Then you’d have noticed that one of your closest friends was hopelessly in love with his best friend,” Ash told him.
The woman’s smile faltered. “Oh, what a tragedy this is,” she said. “Such nice ladies and now this happens to them, dying only two days apart of each other.”
“It’s awful that you have to deal with this all on your own. Why didn’t you tell me? Do they do this all the time?”
With a sigh, Cas turns around to him. “I do,” he says. “One more reason not to spoil my chance with the audition. I have a reputation to fix.”
Dean keeps staring out at the ocean. There’s a wave that’s bigger than the others but what’s funny is that it’s not moving nearer. It stays perfectly still where it is now. Dean rises onto the tips of his toes but it’s too dark to see. Maybe it’s a fish. Or a dolphin. Or an orca, though Dean doesn’t think they’re coming this close to the beach.
He leans over the railing and watches how the propellers whirl water, leaving behind long trails of foam. They’ve put out to the sea about half an hour ago and Dean’s at his second welcome cocktail. He hasn’t seen Novak since their encounter in the elevator and hopes this will last until they’ve reached their destination.
Cas groans as he pulls himself up by the backrest. It’s too early for having a discussion like this.
He refused to wear the party hat Dorothy had given him and was handing out to other guests as well. Charlie called him a spoilsport and wore her hat with as much dignity as her pride shirts. Even Cas put his on. It didn’t escape Dean how cute it made him look. The state of his feelings for him was a constant up and down. One day Cas was just his best friend, on another he longed for Cas to be close to him. Those thoughts got stronger especially at times when Cas asked to help him with girls.
“Oh, yes. Like when, a month ago, this old lady came in and told me about her late husband’s car and that she wanted to have it fixed before selling it…”
Cas made huge eyes at the second cup Benny was offering him now. “You’re twenty-one and officially allowed to drink,” Dean reminded him. Despite being of legal drinking age, Dean knew Cas hadn’t made any use of it so far. Dean and Benny were both staring at him.
The drive there doesn’t take long, half an hour or so, but while they enjoyed their breakfast it has started to snow and their way off the proper road won’t be doing his Baby so well.
After they had arrived the next day, they spent a nice and quiet evening at a bar with Benny, his wife Andrea, Ash and Kevin who had also managed to come. Cas showed everyone pictures of his newborn niece, Lily, and Dean appeared to be even more excited to meet her soon than he was.
They check into a motel five hours into the drive. Dean is tired. From almost dying and overthinking. He changed into a new jacket before getting into the car. The clothing underneath it is still bloody and he just wants to wash off his most recent near death experience.
He gets a ladder from the corner and climbs up to the intermediate floor under the ceiling. When he steps back onto the ladder, he’s holding a heavy looking chair in one hand.
The bartender is really busy right now and there are a few people waiting at the counter already. Luckily, Dean’s had enough beer to start small talk with random strangers. “I like the shirt,” he says to the woman next to him. It’s tight and black and has a grim looking skull on it and there’s a handful of piercings in her face but he’s not biased when it comes to appearances.
She sat back on her heels and took off her T-shirt as well, revealing a bright pink bra. Cas hitched a breath. Mandy giggled and moved forward to kiss him again.
“I know, I know, you’re right.” He sighs, leaning forwards so his forearms rest on his thighs. Then, sitting up straight again, he asks, “What do you think when you see me?”
He watched Cas, giving him encouraging looks as he followed Dean’s instructions and soon he felt a slick finger at his entrance. “Yeah, that’s it, you can use more pressure,” he reassured his boyfriend. Luckily, he had played with himself in the shower earlier to make it easier for Cas and himself.
“There’s even more?” she asks, surprised. Jack holds out the popcorn for her. “Oh, thanks. Harrison Ford is so hot. Or was, I guess. Is he still?”
“Good,” Cas says, “pretty great, actually. I know I’ll still have to work on myself constantly, but for the time being, I’m feeling at ease.”
“I fear I have bad news for you,” Dean says suddenly, “he’s got a girlfriend.” He’s smiling, eyes glistening in the sun. Meg pouts.
“No signs of claw wounds, so we can rule out death by hellhound,” Cas replied. “Wait, did you say she was a model?”
Cas hesitated for a second. “I…sometimes. I’ve been to some services, yes. I still pray on a regular basis.”
“No,” Dean breathes, “no, it’s just…I need to let it sink in. I haven’t met any merman before, you know,” he says, followed by an awkward laugh. There can’t possibly be proper etiquette for talking to mythical creatures about what they are, Dean guesses. Then, another realization hits him. Castiel is a
Dean was about to stand up and straighten his legs which had fallen asleep when suddenly Cas turned his head and leaned closer. He watched him as Cas’s face move towards his and eventually their lips met. It was only a light kiss, no pressure, just for a brief moment.
“Oh,” Dean said. For the brief moment of this slight misunderstanding he’d thought Cas still hadn’t gone to the point of no return. But why would Dean even care? Cas had gotten out of reach a long time ago. Not that Dean would still want to have him anyway.
“Dean,” Cas speaks softly, “I understand you’re anxious about this but everything will turn out fine, I’m sure.”
He’s tried, he really tried. He wanted to make it work with Cassie and Lisa but it didn’t and it’s because of this life. He can never escape it, doesn’t even want to anymore. He’ll always be a hunter and hunting and a stable relationship are two things that don’t work together.
“Yeah, Cas. I believe in you,” Dean said and pressed him close to his chest, combing his fingers through his friend’s hair. Cas’s hands snaked around his waist until they were overlapping behind his back.
“Hi,” Dean said and awkwardly waved his hand at the camera. “Cas has told me so much about you.” What else was he supposed to say?
As soon as he steps over the threshold, he feels awful. He should apologize to Missouri. But not now. Another time. He didn’t even do anything and still he feels like he did her wrong. She scared him, though. And she scared Cas.
He’s sick, so sick. He wants to throw up but he can’t because that’s not something angels do. Unless they’re injured, of course.
“Then yes,” Dean replied and brought their lips together once more, this time sneaking the tip of his tongue into Cas’s mouth, startling him only for a split second, and then the other men’s tongue brushed over his. They deepened the kiss, Dean eventually moving to Cas’s jaw, kissing him there, about to draw his attention to his neck, but Cas pushed him back with a gentle hand on his chest.
After getting back to his cabin earlier, he spent a long time reflecting on tango class—still is, actually. Dean was surprisingly tame and seemed to have fun, from Cas’s point of view at least, but he doesn’t think Dean was faking the small laughs and the shy smiles.
“Told you you wouldn’t take long,” he said after throwing away the condom and pulling his jeans back on.
“Oh, so that’s what this is all about,” she says. “And this, uh, Novak? Do you think he’d have been qualified for a position like this?”
“I was thinking about how I could have handled the situation with Tanya better,” Cas says. He’s taking towards the fire, not Dean.
“I forgot to take fresh clothes with me,” Cas explained, clasping his dirty garments before his bare chest.
Cas is still sitting right next to him so their faces are quite close when Dean says this, the golden specks in his irises shimmering, even though they’re beneath a shade, when a shy gaze meets Cas’s from under long lashes.
“Thank you, Sam. And yes, I think your brother and I have taken the most important steps to further our relationship.”
“Okay,” Cas says and squirms on the bench, pushing it an inch away from the piano, then back to its previous position. Instead he adjusts the height slightly. Did he grow or what?
“But he said he didn’t know you were running for this job either. So you went behind his back as well.”
“Of course. You and your friend, go,” mom says and Cas gets the hint to leave and have some alone time.
He’s got no clue how they are supposed to continue to work together after this vacation. Maybe he can get transferred or something. But he doesn’t actually want to move away and he likes his other colleagues and his new boss, apparently.
It didn’t take much longer for Dean to come with Cas drilling into him with fervor and his erection being deliciously trapped under him and when he finished, soaking the bed sheet beneath him, his cry was suffocated by the pillow he had pressed against his face. Cas’s orgasm followed almost immediately and Dean felt his breath tickle his neck as he tried to steady its rhythm. His softening dick had already slipped out of Dean when he rolled off of him and Dean turned to his side as well so they could kiss again.
What also tied him to the girl’s story was the relationship with his best friend, but that was also were his differed from hers: he obviously wasn’t in love with Dean. How could he be? He loved Dean but as a friend. Cas was relieved that Dean had found another partner and didn’t cling to his hope that he and Cas could ever be a thing after what he blamed on alcohol-induced curiosity. Cas had never been like that—like Dean. He had been drunk and confused and that was it. He came to the conclusion that he didn’t have much in common with the girl from Charlie’s story after all.
Aaron hadn’t been exaggerating. Dean was groaning loudly in no time as Aaron kept drilling against his prostate and Dean couldn’t help but wrap a hand around his dick and jerk himself off. “Fuuuck,” Dean cried out as he came and Aaron finished soon after him.
Dean isn’t even listening to the explanations they’re provided with. He doesn’t care what kind of soil this sort likes and how much sun or water it got and what it’s supposed to taste like. How can it taste like cassis or cherry or plum when it’s made out of grapes? But he definitely gets the texture the guy is talking about. His tongue feels furry all of a sudden. Wood—that’s what it tastes like, mainly.
However, when they entered a small town, Cas was pretty sure this wasn’t right anymore, though the name sounded familiar.
It’s strange that he has never experienced water like this before, although he was born by a lake. Jack wonders what swimming feels like then tells himself not to hurry.
“Nah,” she said, obviously loath to the suggestion. “I think we’re calling it off…this not-a-thing-thing we’ve been having for much too long now.”
When his arms are finally free again, his hands find Dean’s tie in a swift, urgent move, unhooking it and quickly moving on to his shirt buttons. Dean follows his example and gets to work at Cas’s shirt.
He doesn’t say anything, just nods, and turns around on the bench and begins to organize his sheets. He’ll show them. He’ll show everyone. He’ll show his father, he’ll show Marv and everyone who’s ever doubted his abilities.
“I don’t care about lingerie mannequins, whether they are dead or alive,” Cas told him and huffed in annoyance.
“Just…don’t hurry. Take it easy, start slow. Don’t be surprised by how warm she is, okay? It feels really good, believe me.”
“I didn’t want the man I love to get deported, okay,” Dean says. “We couldn’t wait, and we didn’t want to.” He looks at Cas next to him, meeting his eyes.
“But it’s true,” Cas says, shoving away the arm that hinders his view. “The most wonderful human being.” Dean can’t help but let out a brief chuckle and Cas laughs with him.
Dean asked the receptionist to hand him the dahlia he was going to wear on his lapel and then waited for Cas to receive his key card before getting onto the elevator with him. As it turned out, Cas’s room was on the same floor as his.
Dean didn’t know how long Cas had been up when his alarm woke him in the morning but he made sure not to disturb him and let him rest some more before he entered the bathroom to take a shower. When he came out, clean and fully dressed, his husband was still dead to the world, so Dean went to the diner across the street to get them breakfast.
Dean shrugs. “Sure,” he says, “friends with benefits—but not the fun kind.” He laughs as they shake hands, which is weird enough considering they’re in bed with each other pretending there’s nothing unusual about this arrangement, and Cas lets out a grunt in response to Dean’s unnecessary comment.
“None taken, Cas. I just like to tell people that she’s mine. She’s really special to me and I’m guessing yours is too to you.”
“I just don’t know if he ever wants to be friends with me again,” Cas told the priest before he could say anything.
“I found it in our attic. It was my mom’s when she was a teenager. Apparently it’s what all the cool kids had in the seventies,” he says with a smirk.
“Most people, yeah,” Dean affirms, wrapping the bandage around Castiel’s arm. “There you go,” he says and pats Cas’s shoulder.
When he proceeds his walk, he hears his name called after him. “Cas, wait!” Puffy clouds of breath escape Dean’s mouth as he catches up to him.
Cas is still there, of course. He can’t have gone anywhere and Dean can hear him breathe but it’s almost drowned out by his heartbeat thumping violently in his ears. Cautiously, he opens his eyes again. Cas is looking at him with concern. Dean, though, is unable to look him directly in the eye. Instead he’s concentrating on the void between them.
Eventually, Cas moves again and pulls down Dean’s boxers. “I need you to lift up that beautiful ass of yours a bit,” he says, taking his hips to get him into the position he needs him to be. Then he leans over to grab the lube from Dean’s nightstand.
“No…well, that too, but also… I don’t even know how to begin,” Cas said and leaned back against the wooden bench they were sitting on. “I have doubts. A lot of them. And I know this happens to everyone in our situation sooner or later, but I feel like they won’t ever go away now that I’m having them.”
A few days after consulting Michael about Meg, he was just getting home from a short trip to the library when he met his girlfriend in the hallway of their house. Michael was behind her, apparently about to bring her to the door.
Dean let’s out another heavy sob. Did Cas really mean what he said or was it just a trick to summon the Empty? How could his words be true?
“Yes, hello. Nice to meet you,” Cas replied and was about to offer his hand but she ignored it and instead pulled him into an embrace as well.
Of course there was no way to do this directly by confronting the establishment, i.e. Bishop Crowley. Castiel needed to undermine the apparatus that consisted of unyielding old men.
Mary discreetly rises from her chair and collects their plates. Too often she’s found herself in the middle of this argument.
Of course Charlie and Dorothy weren’t the only people Cas knew in Kansas City. The fact that Dean also lived here had been ghosting around in the back of his head ever since he had decided to come here, but what right did he have to bother him? They’d gotten along quite well at the wedding, yet this didn’t mean they were friends. Let alone friends you could call when you were stranded in a strange city.
After washing up and changing into his sleepwear—including a shirt this time because obviously Dean felt uncomfortable with him going to bed in his underwear only—Cas settles against his pillows and opens the book from his nightstand at the marked page.
He had already come so close now. This was the perfect time to push this conversation in a certain direction.
The Impala stops in front of a church, a brick building with two tall, hostile looking towers. A pink light shines through the rosette window—a beacon of life in this dead world.
Cas became more confident with the time and arched over Dean again to bring their lips back together. They kissed slowly while Cas kept fucking him with his fingers. Eventually, Dean told him to pull out, grabbed a condom from the nightstand and tore it open. He was confident Cas didn’t have any STDs and he himself got tested after breaking up with Cassie, but he chose to use a rubber for Cas’s first time so he wouldn’t be overstimulated and come too soon. After pulling the condom over Cas’s cock, he applied more lube and stroked him a few times to get him fully hard. Then he lay back against his pillow again and spread his legs a little further. Cas settled between them and Dean guided him until his swollen head hit his rim.
“Oh, sorry to hear that,” Dean murmured. “Do you think maybe he’d be less pissed if you came to see him in Indiana?”
“Please, if you would now gather around us so Anna and I can give you a little performance to show you what you’ll have to expect. But keep in mind that we’re professionals and it’s not the end of the world if your own dancing doesn’t look exactly like ours after today’s lesson.”
But before we come to the really touching part of my speech, it’s my duty as best man to tell you, her friends and family, those who haven’t been lucky enough to hear this story yet, about the time before she met Dorothy—Charlie’s first crush, specifically. Her name is Gadget and she’s actually a cartoon mouse. Gadget’s go-to outfit is a lavender jumpsuit and goggles, though that’s actually no surprise, considering that she’s not only a mouse, but also an inventor and a pilot. She’s a real genius, like our Charlie here, and I guess this great little rodent has made a big impact on her. Who knows if she’d ever chosen to become an engineer had her first crush been, let’s say, Miss Piggy. She might be a singer now and everyone who’s ever had karaoke night with Charlie should be thankful this hasn’t become her dream job.” Gladly, most of the guests were laughing and Charlie did her best to glare at him, yet couldn’t help but burst into laughter herself. “Trust me, she knows what she wants and would do anything to get it, so be grateful for Gadget.
“Mhm. I, for example, am visiting a winery, tasting included, and then I will be exploring the Pampas on horseback and sleep in a tent in the wilderness for one night.”
“Dean,” Cas says, breaking away from him, panting. “Remember when you asked me if I’ve ever been in love? Ask me again.”
Actually, that’s not true. He’d used to get them when he was a child as well. After he first learned that monsters are real and that his father and brother are the people who hunt them. Who go after those creatures that bring nothing but death. Willingly. Why would anyone want this? When Sam got older, he understood dad and Dean had an unspeakable desire of revenge. And the feeling finally rubbed off on him after Jessica’s death. His mother was dead. Killing the yellow-eyed demon wouldn’t bring her back but then he grasped this thing was still out there murdering people he loved and he couldn’t lose anyone else. But he did, of course. Hunting, the life they lead, brings death and sorrow but from time to time he has hope. Hope, that what he does, what they do will protect other people from experiencing this sort of pain.
Gunnar yanked his pants down to his knees and moved down at the bench as far as he could before closing his lips around Dean’s erection. Dean jerked up at the sudden contact, hitting the roof of Gunnar’s mouth.
Dean’s fingernails dig into his palms. He hopes Cas is letting him off lightly. There’s no way he’s going to let Sam’s unpracticed fingers touch his precious piano.
“You mean heal her? It’s likely her ability won’t sustain when we kill the thing that’s given it to her.”
“Heya, my old friend,” he greeted the angel. “Sorry it’s been some time but there’s this girl, you know… Hope you’re not jealous,” he chuckled.
Dean placed Cas’s legs onto his shoulders and poured some lube on his fingers. “If you’re not okay with anything or something hurts, then speak up right away, okay?” he said.
“So this institution is very open-minded, I see. It’s good that you’ve found such a place for yourself.”
“There’s nothing worth mentioning about the bathtub. The dead guy’s motive remains unknown.” There’s a twinkle in her eye as she speaks.
When the preparation for their meal was done, Cas decided to go for a quick run. Dean had left him a spare key before he had gone to work, so he could come and go as he liked without leaving the house unlocked.
They paid their bill and headed to the parking lot. “Can I drive?” Dean asked, already knowing the answer.
“Not it’s—” Dean insisted, choking on the words. “It’s fine,” he said hoarsely, almost in a whisper.
Dean isn’t listening. “When we came to see the chair—and keep in mind that this particular chair, Colonel Eldridge’s chair is said to never even collect dust—I swear the air around the chair was significantly cooler than anywhere else. And, very lightly though, I noticed a whiff of tobacco. The colonel’s ghost has been reported to sometimes be sitting in his chair and smoke his pipe.”
“You could also talk to Father Jim first and see how he sees this. You said you always could be open with him and that he supported you when you got into trouble for this whole gay pride thing. And he’s a priest, so I’m pretty sure he won’t tell your family without your permission. Just say it’s confession or however this works.”
“Why did you think you couldn’t confide in me about this? You’ve seen that I have no problem with Charlie being—”
“You wouldn’t do this if you really loved me.” Dean’s tears were the first to drop; Cas’s were still quivering at the border of his eyelid.
“When you’re in your tent at night you may do whatever you want, as long as you’re not too noisy,” Athena says.
Despite his expectations, Dean slept like a baby. He’s used to sharing a room. He only ever had a space to himself when Sam moved out and the closet Gordon talked him into paying actual money for wasn’t what Dean had had in mind for his first own room.
“They did not,” Charlie says and with a hand on her hip adds, “but don’t you think I didn’t come prepared.” Of course she would. Charlie is very much into forgery of school documents.
“Dean, hey, look at me,” Cas says softly and Dean hitches a breath when their eyes meet but is gradually able to ease into the embrace.
“I think that’s enough for tonight,” Cas said, breathing heavily again. “I have to sleep over this to process and you do, too.”
“Cas, sorry I brought this up. Don’t worry about it now. We’ll have this talk another time. What I meant to say was that you probably shouldn’t say you’ve become gay all of a sudden when talking to your people. Some of them are likely not very well informed and in the weirdness of their heads they might imagine you’ve started touring gay clubs and dark rooms and have unprotected sex with lots of guys. Make it clear it’s only Dean for you. Trust me, I’ve encountered such people and most of them are not prepared to listen when you try to explain yourself. But don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying your family is like this. I don’t know them after all.”
“Here we are,” he said as he stopped at his door. “I have to show you my room some other time though. I’m pretty sure my roommate’s asleep already.”
“Well, I know my issues will catch up with me eventually, but I’m glad to have brought some space between those and me for now.”
“So, I thought, as it’s your last evening here, we’d have burgers for dinner. Sam, you’ll prepare the lettuce and tomatoes. Dean, you’re the man at the grill. Alright?”
His smile doesn’t fade. Cas knows she doesn’t mean it like that. They all rely on each other. “No,” he says. “I’m doing great. It’s been too long since I’ve been out there.”
“What I’m saying is, you really rock the lumberjack look but I think you could do better than plaid.”
Dean was thankful for his questions. He loved talking about her but he often got into too much detail for Sam’s liking. To him, Mary Winchester was a stranger after all.
“But I’ve seen you practically fleeing your house and I know you haven’t been sleeping there alone the past nights. I could sense how afraid you were.”
Cas gets Dean onto his back again. There’s no rush this time. Cas holds Dean’s hands above his head, languid kisses accompanying the steady motion of his hips as he glides in and out of him, almost lazily.
He kind of remembers his mother taking a bath while he was still inside her. Though she had been full of what he now knows was fear for the preceding months, she felt at peace at the time. He doesn’t exactly recall what happened but for some reason this was the first time he really connected with her, when she first became aware of his powers and what amount of good he was capable of doing with those. Jack misses his mom. He will never stop trying to make her proud. Luckily, he’s got Castiel and the Winchesters to help him, to show him what’s right and what isn’t. Sometimes, though, he thinks they oftentimes don’t even know themselves what that is exactly. But together, they’re going to find out.
A man with an accordion is setting up a small stool and a hat next to it, putting some money inside so people know what they’re expected to do. He begins to play, a tango, of course, and soon there’s a couple dancing.
Cas took several deep breaths before he picked up his phone from the coffee table in front of them. He kept his gaze straight forward, clenching his jaw, the fingers of his free hand curling into a fist in his lap as he waited for his mother to answer the phone.
“You’re only taking some of my stuff with you, not all of it. I will have to fit Cas’s things too in my car, remember.”
“Life isn’t a competition, Castiel. And a human being can only strive for perfection after God’s example. Maybe you shouldn’t be friends with someone who makes you feel this way.”
Cas gets up, too, and shoves the notebook back into his backpack. “Everything okay?” Dean asks, suddenly right next to him.
“I asked her where she got that from and she asked me if I could remember someone named Lydia from a house party fifteen years ago. And…and I did. That was a good night, a really good one.”
“Hey, you know what? Maybe they can help,” Dean says, much to Castiel’s surprise. “They’re witches.”
Dean was torn between looking at what was going on at his own crotch and watching Gunnar’s red hard cock as it was bouncing above him.
“We’ll just quickly pack our stuff and then we’re leaving you two alone,” he says, sending them a wink before he’s gone again.
He had been quite upset after talking to his mother and realizing that the community he had grown up with would never really accept him as one of their own again. At least not all of them. In the eyes of God he would always be a man of the cloth; no amount of paperwork could ever change that.
But Cas knows from experience that Dean can take care of himself. He doesn’t need an angel to watch over him. Certainly not one that is as useless as he is.
“Mmm, Cas, so good, more…” Dean had scooted over to Cas’s side and kept him from covering his ears by pinning his arms to his body. “Cas, yeah, harder!” Cas was fighting him but Dean was stronger and started humping his hip. Somehow, though, Cas managed to escape his grip and wrestled him until Dean was flat on his back, Cas above him and pressing one hand to his mouth. Dean licked his palm.
“But don’t you think it’s weird to stay friends with your ex? I mean, when I think about how things ended with Lisa….or Cassie.”
During the trip, Cas had gotten to know many of his fellow Catholic students better, one of which was Zeke. They had been friends before but they had become much closer. Zeke had never been to his room before, so Cas invited him over. He felt guilty for not consulting Dean in advance but it had been a spontaneous invitation.
“Well,” the sheriff says, “take good care of him then. But call me if he remembers something of relevance.”
“I forgive you, Dean,” he says rather than addressing the issue on hand. “I’m no longer disappointed that I didn’t get the job and you should get over it as well.”
Unsurprisingly, though, Donnie told him to fuck off or he would call the cops on him. Yeah, so much for that.
Honestly, Cas would have much rather stayed there a little longer, just he and Dean talking a bit more. He was anxious Dean could have chatted enough with him for tonight already and would much rather have a conversation with someone else now which would leave Cas to himself again—or to Garth.
“No, thank you,” Naomi says, “please, sit. There are a few things we need to talk about.” So they sit, Dean and Cas at one side of the table, Naomi and Uriel on their opposite.
During one of his outings he noticed a weird shape, covered in ivy tendrils. He left the pathway to take a closer look and when he had moved a few leaves to the side, he recognized it as the stone angel he had always been so scared of in his childhood.
This time Claire parts with a shy, yet caring “bye, dad” when Cas drops her off at school. She’s stopped being mad for now and that’s what counts. He most certainly won’t see his daughter again for the next two weeks and relishes the unexpected warmth in her voice.
“Don’t worry,” Charlie says, “I’ve got my own camera. Apparitions are said to appear on film sometimes only after you develop it, even though there was nothing to see when the picture was taken.” She hangs an expensive looking Canon around her neck and follows Dean outside.
“Sounds great,” Cas says. Perhaps it’s some kind of corporate position, CEO of a big company, he thinks. Something like this would fit the description. Anyway, he’ll respect her privacy and won’t interrogate further.
“Getting to know each other.” Cas’s face and tone add a ‘silly you’ to what he’s actually said. “We want to make the impression that we’ve known each other for much longer than one night and that we’ve had time to learn everything about each other and fall in love.”
“Good call,” Jody says, “as I’ve mentioned before, I have no idea where to put him anyway, except for a cell.”
“I’m telling you now,” Dean says. “I didn’t want to distract you before your big day or make you feel like this was more important than your comeback.”
“You dirty little bastard,” Ketch says through gritted teeth. “I knew I should’ve gotten rid of you way earlier.” He cocks his gun and grins. “Say goodbye to your friend, Castiel,” he says and pulls the trigger.
Dean had called Charlie as soon as he had woken up the next morning. She had obviously still been sleeping and greeted him grumpily.
“I’m sorry if I’ve ever been a jerk to you. I’m not very happy here. Frankly, I hate my job, this place.” Then, he hurries to follow up in his speech, “But not you, don’t get me wrong. There are nice people, too.”
“Hey, stay in here until I’ve put some pants on,” Dean told him when Aaron opened the door and walked out into the common living area.
“Sammy, Emma’s not your rival. I can love both of you. And besides that, you’re 34 years old, man. The kid’s only half your age. She needs a little bit more parenting than you do.”
“Yeah, do that, so I can go home and sleep in my own bed. This mattress is very uncomfortable,” Cas said as he squirmed on his bed.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Winchester,” he says, “please excuse my unannounced visit but I’m dying to know about your great wood carvings here.”
As soon as the bathroom door closes behind them, Sam says, “Dean, what the hell? You mind explaining this to me.”
When Sam heads home as well, Dean and Mary move to the living room, getting comfortable on the sofa. He tells her about Aaron and how his father, not only his death, has impacted their relationship; that it could have been more if Dean hadn’t been so afraid of who he was and still is.
“Then why did he become a fucking priest?” The song had apparently come to an end because Dorothy and Cas where standing behind them, expecting to switch partners.
Tanya’s let go of Cas’s hand, skids out of bed and makes a run for the door, only to come to a halt as she collides with Dean.
He should just leave. They were living together—it had only been a matter of time until something like this was going to happen. Cas’s heart was beating heavily. Dean mumbled a few words. Did he just say ‘Cas?’ No, not possible. Why would Dean say his name right now? It was probably something similar, like ‘yes,’ which would certainly make more sense in this context.
Dean finds himself at Jody’s door soon after settling into his cabin again, just as she’s asked him to earlier.
Dean squints as he tries to discern ink under Castiel’s shirt until he becomes aware of what he’s doing and gets back to putting on and buttoning up the borrowed shirt, facing the mirror instead.
Cas looks at them with suspicion but doesn’t comment. “Dean, do you have to stay here all night or can we meet up later? Maybe you could come and watch the costume contest this year?”
“No, Cas,” Dean replied, his voice strangled from Cas’s weight pressing him into the mattress and the strain of his constant arousal. “
Cas flinched and quickly looked away when Aaron kissed Dean right in front of him. He didn’t need to see that. He noticed that Dean was reluctant and wanted to spare Cas the sight and he assumed Aaron had done it on purpose. Cas had the impression Dean’s boyfriend didn’t like him, though he didn’t actually know why. When they first met, Cas had been polite—a little taken aback, too, but still polite—and he had also never said anything to Dean about him, like a snarky remark on Aaron’s beard or anything. No, his behavior had always been civil when it came to Aaron.
“Hey,” Dean says, trying not to sound too polite. He’s one of the guys they saw in the library earlier, the bearded one. His beige coat looks expensive. Then, Dean realizes where they are. They’re in front of Cain’s gallery and he obviously bought something in there, much to Dean’s dismay.
“I once saw a picture on the internet once of a similar model that was painted gold and I kinda like it.”
She ignores him. “And welcome to you, too,” she tells Claire. “Emma will be glad to have another teenager around, right?” she says, looking at the girl who’s entering from another room.
“No, Cas. I told him you’re just nervous about making a good impression. But we should probably try to make this more convincing, you know, like when we’re with Balt for instance.”
“And what about me?” Sam says, coming closer, his arms already open for Dean to walk right into the hug.
Sam has already gotten up from his desk and left the booth, coming around to meet them. “Who is your friend?” he says.
She looks at them with huge eyes and shrugs before bringing the fork to her mouth with the last bit of her pie.
“It’s because I let you spend so much time with Gabriel when you were younger. He’s had some really bad influence on you,” Castiel’s mother mumbled.
“Homosexual attraction isn’t officially a sin, only homosexual acts are, but I know you and your friends have already discussed this. Anyway, this will have happened long ago when the time comes for you to take the cloth. As long as you stay chaste now, I can assure you, Castiel, this won’t be a problem.”
“You don’t even know him!” Dean exclaimed. “He’s the best person I know and anyone would be lucky to have him.” Tears shot into his eyes. He really didn’t want to cry in front of his father.
“Can’t you just come and do this with me? It would be so much easier if I had some emotional support.”
The others burst into laughter. “He’ll get used to it,” Mary reassured her. “Now who wants to have pizza?”
“There’s nothing to forgive. Now come here,” he said and pressed Cas’s face to his chest. Dean dropped kisses all over his face, then asked, “Did this happen before or after we did, you know?”
“Man, what are you doing here? I’m not dressed yet.” The man doesn’t say anything and just keeps staring.
Dean hums in thought, sticks his arm inside the elevator and presses the button for the second floor. Still, the doors stay open.
He’s about to call his landlord to yell at him, being in desperate need of some sort of vent right now, when the picture of Claire he’s placed on the mantle falls over and the frame crashes on the floor. The lights go out and he swears he can see a figure standing by the fire place.
“And you don’t want them to find you with another man early in the morning. Closet case, I understand.”
“You?” Dean has obviously piqued his interest. They’ve talked a lot the last time he was here and Cain seemed kinda impressed back then.
“There’s no hurry. I’ve saved the images on my computer,” she said. “But you’re welcome to come here any time. I’m sure we’d find a nice present to bring back home to your wife,” the lingerie seller added while glancing down at Dean’s wedding ring. If only she knew...
“What?” Of course, he had been talking about Dean a lot around her. They lived in the same house and he and the girls had been acting as some kind of substitute family as his real family lived far away in another state. So of course Tessa knew about Dean. But Cas had never referred to him as his boyfriend towards her.
“I had long been forgotten. No-one took notice of me. Until you came,” he said. Blue light was flickering in his eyes.
He’s smiling again, running after him, and together they ascend the look-out tower. It’s pretty high and a strong breeze is blowing at the top, the construction seeming to sway slightly, and Dean tightly grips the railing.
“Cas,” Dean wheezes, looking around to make sure no-one’s listening. “Are you insane? That’s fucking illegal!”
The music is on a low volume. Just some background atmosphere; he can still hear the occasional leak of the faucet, the small sounds the foam makes as bubbles rub against each other or burst, the gentle slosh of the water in the tub every time he moves in it.
“You need to hold still, Cas,” Dean says when he pulls him out of the back seat, arms hooked under Cas’s armpits.
Nevertheless, Dean has the means to help himself out. He took his most precious CDs with him when he left home, though foolishly leaving behind his beloved vinyl collection. He thought he wouldn’t have the devices to play them here anyway. And now look at this. This audio equipment probably cost more than he’s ever earned in a year.
It’s obviously a rhetorical question because Cas’s arm jerks a little every time Dean touches his elbow with the cotton pad, making a thorough job of cleaning the wound.
Then Cas is adding a hand at the base of Dean’s shaft, moving to his balls and Dean is close. So close. “I’m-I’m…Cas,” he warns and Cas pulls off and not too soon because he just manages to get out of the way and Dean shoots come all over the wall and floor.
“All right,” Cas says and gets up from the floor. The video camera is on the cabinet that holds the minibar.
“If I’m making you uncomfortable, you have to tell me,” he says as he opens the belt first, then his fly.
He didn’t properly think this through before they got serious with his plan. Now he’s got this stranger living with him, taking advantage of his money and probably intending to blackmail him.
Dean shifts his weight back onto his legs and unwraps the condom. He gives Cas’s cock a few pumps with his free hand and rolls the condom onto it, applying some more lube. Then, he straightens up, moves slightly, and guides himself onto Cas’s hard cock.
So, on Saturday morning, they drive up to that weird, shiny building that from some angles looks like a distorted seashell and Dean feels a bit intimidated by the vastness of the entry hall. He’s never been in a place like this and when they set foot into the theater, his breath catches in his throat.
“I’m ordering pizza,” Cas says as soon as they’ve walked through the door—and no, nobody carried anyone. He tosses Dean a menu to pick from and heads for his bedroom, slipping out of his jacket. When Dean has settled for a topping, Cas has already changed into sweatpants and a T-shirt.
Today, Sam didn’t bring a book with him. He feels like rather keeping his eyes closed instead and listening to his surroundings while occupying the bunker’s sole bathtub. But the thing is, without any means of distraction he’s easy prey for dark thoughts to catch up with him. Those tend to do this from time to time. All the time. Any time he’s got nothing else to do to keep his mind busy with. Mostly, he has, thank God. Or not. They strike when he can’t keep his eyes open any longer and he settles in his bed for the night or whenever the job allows him to get some sleep. And that’s when they find him, when he’s most vulnerable. Because he ought to lie still and let his consciousness drift away. Often he finds himself in this position, unmoving, on his stomach as he prefers to sleep, but he’s wide awake. Exhausted, but awake. And then the thoughts come, the memories, everything, collapsing down on him and crushing him under their weight. It gets hard for him to breathe so he turns around on his back but it doesn’t help. He sits up in his bed, basically swallows the cool air that enters his room through the Men of Letters’ elaborate venting system, is hungry for it. And it helps, a little bit at least. He heads for the kitchen to get a glass of water. Sometimes he’ll pass Cas sitting in the library, who’ll take note of him with a pitiful look on his face. The water helps, too. The cold fluid running down his throat reminds him that this is real, that this is where he is now and everything is in the past, in his head only.
“I have a feeling, you know, that Ashley’s ‘old dude’ is Mr. Graham,” Dean said as Cas helped him get off the floor.
“And I still have to work next week so don’t worry about me being in your way during your busy week. What are you up to anyway?”
“Where’s Sam?” Cas asks and Dean gestures him to turn right but a demon jumps out from an unlit corner.
They follow Sam and Jack down a slant road of what seems to be a ghost town. In the distance they hear the languorous toll of a church bell announce that it’s two o’clock in the afternoon. The buildings they pass on their way are old, some in better condition than others, and all window shutters are closed. It’s already very warm now, in late May, but it’s obvious the sun will still gain strength in the upcoming weeks. Dean pulls out his sunglasses from his shirt collar and sets them on his nose. The road takes another turn and behind a tall building appears, open and wide, the blue ocean, sunlight glistening on its calm surface.
“What!” he exclaims, causing other people to look at them, silently scolding him for disturbing the peace.
“So, I overheard your dad’s not very happy with the piercing you got there,” Dean says when Cas is out of earshot.
They get two rooms because three grown men checking into a double would be too weird to explain. Dean heads straight for the shower and watches the brownish water disappear into the drain. He almost died. Again. Other times, his death would have served a purpose, but not this time. What would have been the fucking point? He had just started to live a hot minute ago.
