"Uh, yeah, I'm Tony, but that's Mr Stark to you."
Once he let go, she moved over to Steve and placed her hand on the stone. “Let’s do this,” she whispered, using hers and Steve’s energy combined. The stone glowed with the force of their thoughts, and they disappeared into the multiverse, leaving Tony and Peggy behind.
“Sure,” Steve said softly.
“Fuck. That sounds like Steve.”
Steve nodded at him. Both Clint and Thor chimed in their agreement.
Natasha closed her eyes. "Yeah, Matt, I'm fine."
“I followed you one day. Or, the other Tony followed you and I have his memories. Or…I don’t know. This multiverse travelling is too confusing. Point is, I overheard you talking about it, and while you were gone there was a big thing on the news that Fisk and his assistant Wesley were missing.”
“Uh,” Steve unhelpfully said.
He knew Steve would probably kill him if he knew he was planning to snoop on his daughter’s whereabouts, and if Natasha knew he was itching to search her room for any evidence, she’d probably never forgive or trust him again. But he wasn’t going to let that happen. Tony knew something wasn’t right; he could feel it in the pit of his stomach. He wanted to know what was going on. He had a feeling his daughter was in trouble, and if that was the case, he needed to be prepared. With lawyers on hand, just in case it was something really bad. Something he didn’t want to know about.
And without waiting for a response, Tony entered the passcode to get back into his lab, shut the door behind him, and sunk onto the couch, praying he could just shut the world away for a little bit.
Natasha hugged Clint. His arms wrapped around her protectively, his chin resting against the top of her head. Her face was crushed against his chest and her eyes were closed, breathing deeply in, feeling safe in the arms of her best friend. “I love you, Clinton Barton, you know that?”
“What are you doing this weekend?” he asked her.
Loki scoffed. “Oh, don’t pretend you weren’t the golden brother,
is at stake here.”
He was back in the real world, on the cold ground, holding Natasha’s broken body in his, the rest of the Avengers staring at him.
“Yeah. How you doing?”
“Sure, Legolas. Go pick out a movie.” Tony was exhausted. Trying to save the world without all the details was the worst.
?” Loki sneered the last word, like it was poison, making Thor flinch. Loki had been very vocal about not considering Thor his brother, now that they both knew Loki was adopted. His disdain for Thor was evident in everything he did. But Thor would never give up on Loki, no matter what.
“Wait, but what happened after he sent Hela away?” The younger Natasha chimed in. “Did he keep trying to gain the stones and their power, or what?”
Tony shrugged. “We’ve been using the stones fine so far. Both Steve and I have controlled the reality one, and I don’t think we’ve had any negative side effects. Rogers, you feeling particularly grouchy about parting with the stone?”
“You may not be getting lucky tonight, Legolas, but robot and witchy over there probably are,” Tony whispered.
“Okay,” he told himself. “You can do this.”
“Um…Clint? How do we ask someone who’s dead?” Steve asked. He sounded apologetic for even mentioning Natasha was dead.
Siblings and Other Family:
are bonding. He hugged her.” Clint mock shivered.
“I was of sound mind, Thor. He did not brainwash me into helping him.”
“Dad, it’s worth it. You know it is. And besides, the other you is smart. If I get stuck there, he can find a way to send me back.”
“Yep. Sucks. Matt’s pretty cool about it, though.”
Clint whistles behind her. “Damn. You clean up nice, Ms. Stark-Rogers.”
me. I don’t think I can be on a team with him if he pities me.”
“Oh. Wow. Yeah, we don’t have superheroes here. At least, not in real life. Just comic books.”
Thor relaxed. “Thank you, my friend,” he said, and went off in search of his mischievous younger brother.
Steve quirked an eyebrow at that. Tony did?
“No,” Natasha told her younger self. “While he was sealing Hela in her underworld tomb, Frigga and Heimdall took the stones and scattered them throughout the universe again. Odin never tried to find the stones again, and instead kept the infinity gauntlet in the weapons room I guess as a trophy.”
A series of emotions he couldn't suss out played across Steve's face for a brief moment, and then it was gone again. Tony wondered what he had said wrong.
“Will do. Night.” She kissed both her dads on their cheek and dashed up to her room to study more Russian.
But he was good at what he did, and so he eased into the file without a hitch, and there were the names of every single member of the Avengers in alphabetical order: Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, Steve Rogers, Thor Odinson, and Tony Stark.
“That’s why he built Ultron,” Steve chimed in. “He was trying to build a robot that could keep Earth insulated from outside forces trying to conquer it. It backfired, but his plan must’ve been because he saw Thanos, you’re right. Shoot, Thor said Loki fell into the void and thought he was dead and then he came to Earth trying to conquer it with his sceptre. That must’ve been Thanos’s doing, because there’s no way it was that easy to stop a master sorcerer like Loki.”
"Shoot things with arrows," Clint said.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. "There's more to it than just you being 17. Even Peggy's worried about you."
"Ew," Clint said. "What about Rhodey?"
was the one meeting her parents and
“Probably won’t kill people unless he’s been hired to.
“So you didn’t know you had an evil older sister your father tossed away like she was nothing?”
“No.”
"Steve, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you just because you have muscles. I met you at an art gallery opening, you were funny and kind and passionate about art, and I fell in love with that. I do care more about what people look like, you know.
“Doesn’t mean you can torment the other me.”
you want to save Natasha?”
When everyone was cleared from medical, they made the trek back to the base the younger Natasha was staying at. She hugged them all long and fiercely as they stumbled in through the door, and then yelled at them to all go to sleep, that she would talk to them all later about what happened. None of them left their bed for a day straight. When they finally emerged from the depths of their bedroom, Tony took them back to Avengers tower, where they all placed their infinity stones in a neat little row on a table in Tony’s lab and let him deal with destroying them.
“Sorry. I was busy saving the world. Sort of.”
“The infinity stones,” he said.
Thor was back to his proud self. "Yes, my friend! I thought you were a sorcerer when we first met! The talking ceiling was most fascinating! JARVIS sees and hears everything and can talk back! He can do things for us, like order groceries or take your phone calls for you. He's incredible! Was incredible."
Natasha shrugged, her throat thick with impending tears.
She shook her head. “Not even a little.”
"Your other dad know you wear this stuff?"
"I guess it's possible," Tony said. "I had a dream that I was a superhero the other night. I guess something like that could exist in another world parallel to mine."
Natasha stumbled out of bed and walked down the stairs blearily to get a glass of water. She was chugging down her second glass when Steve walked into the kitchen. He crossed his arms over his chest, nose curling at the smell of alcohol.
“Yeah,” Clint said quietly. “That mission was really fucked up.”
Birthplace: Dayton, Ohio
"And you? With a suit of armour?" Steve continued. "No offence, Tony, but you hate weapons like that. You're the lead of a Fortune 500 company dealing with clean energy, focusing on trying to clean up our earth, not destroy it with nuclear weapons. Strange the things we dream up, huh?"
Thor patted Tony on the back. “Well, if you two are meant to be, surely the gods will smile upon you and make it so.”
Natasha snorted. "More like never. I didn't think you even knew how to do anything in a kitchen besides make coffee."
Natasha sighed, and took another bite of waffles. “You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you.”
“I hope so.”
Natasha frowned. “What’s that?”
he was wrong sometimes, and he knew he wasn’t on some moral high ground like Tony thought. But Steve wasn’t doing anything to show Tony he wasn’t like that, either. Both of them had a perceived notion of the other, and both of them weren’t doing anything to discourage that notion. They could both be better people.
“I’m gonna fly us back down to Thanos and the others. I want you to fucking smash your shield into his ugly face and I’ll take off his hand.”
Name: Anthony Edward Stark
“No, it’s okay. It’s not bad, it’s just different.”
“I know.”
Steve wasn’t having it, and charged at Thanos. He threw his shield at him like a frisbee, hoping to strike in a vulnerable place, but Thanos caught the shield and sent it spinning right back at Steve, who was pushed back several steps as he deftly caught it.
Known Affiliations:
“Yes!”
When they’d exhausted themselves with fighting and once Vision’s neurons were successfully uploaded and waiting to be re-inserted after the big showdown, there was nothing left to do but make Thanos come to him.
"Yes, Tony."
"Yeah...yeah, I'm good. It's just...the dream...it felt so real."
In fact, it was really awkward, and Tony knew from experience. Back in his first year at MIT and her first year at Harvard, they had gotten drunk one night and Pepper let it slip that she was a virgin. Tony had laughed at her because she was fretting about it and then had to explain that he thought it was awesome she was and that led to a whole discussion about how she just wanted to do it and get it over with and one thing led to another and...well, they didn't have sex because it was weird, but they fooled around a little and then it was just awkward because Tony was gay and hadn't fully realised it yet.
“He’s safe,” Heimdall said. “He is not on Asgard, but he is aware of the situation.”
The thing is, Tony had kind of gotten to know Loki in the few months Natasha had worked there. He had never bought into the “magic” the magic shop claimed to help with, but the store had good business and Loki treated Natasha fairly. He was nice, respectful, and had maybe been a little bit broken. From what he knew from all their conversations, Loki had been abandoned at birth and placed into the foster care system. When he was a kid, he was placed with the Odinson family, and remained in their foster home until he aged out of the system. He hadn’t gotten a long too well with his foster father, but his foster mother was nice and his jock foster brother hadn’t been too bad. As far as Tony could tell, he had just been a kid that felt a little lost. Nothing seemed off or too unassuming about him.
They settled back down on her couch. She looked over Tony, noticing he looked a little bit older, but not by much. There were new creases in the corners of his eyes and his hair was more salt and pepper than it used to be, but it seemed like the same old Tony she knew and loved.
This chapter is a long one. When I wrote this fanfic, I didn't split it up into chapters per se, but more like sections. That’s because I wrote this story vastly out of order,a nd this was one of the first scenes I wrote like four years ago. So as you saw, the first part was in the alternate word, and then I wrote about the MCU world, and I didn't break storylines up into specific chapters. I couldn't justify breaking this section up into more chapters, considering I wrote most of this together in a few sittings. But something tells me you all don't mind 8000+ word chapters.
Alias: Hawkeye
Tony frowned and peered closer at her. "No. Should I know you?"
It was Tony. This world’s Tony? He was not cruel enough to believe the Tony from the other world would be heartless enough not to care about a bleeding five year old, but he didn’t know how this whole…parallel world thing worked. Did his Tony get transported here and the other Tony get stuck in his world, or no? The science was kind of making his brain hurt a little bit.
“No, on account of him being dead.”
“We should watch
“Something did not sit right with me after my visit to Asgard, so after I collected the stones, I went back to Asgard and had a conversation with Heimdall. He told me the full story, which I see you all have learned as well.”
“You got the stones, though, right?” Tony asked.
“Hey, солнышко (solnyshko),” she said, clearing her throat. “I’m sorry I was gone for so long.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t know what kind of a man Howard became, but I don’t think he was a positive influence for either Tony.”
Alias: Thor
"Right," Clint said, not knowing how else to respond. "So what else is different? Please don't tell me you live in California full time, because gross."
“Okay, good, Tony. That’s good. Who is your daughter?”
Natasha laughed quietly. “Exactly. Come on, Tony. I know you’re emotionally stunted but—”
“So, I think we have some things to talk about,” she said. “Starting with, are we okay? Or are we broken up? Do you even want to speak to me any more after everything that happened?”
Birthday: November 22, 1982
He looked up at each of their faces.
And yet...until they could figure out how to get him back to his own universe, he was doomed. He wondered if he should just come clean to the rest of the Avengers. Jane and Thor knew the situation and if they updated the rest of the group on the science or magic or whatever brought him here, then they would have to believe him. And then he wouldn't feel the pressure to be someone he wasn't.
Maybe it was naive for Natasha and her friends to think they could make New York a safer place. But people she knew were buying drugs, were overdosing, on the drugs that Fisk was providing the city with. Karen included. Her father was a deadbeat who used to work for Fisk and gets his drugs as long as he kept his mouth shut, and what had been happening with her friend lately had been freaking her the fuck out. Karen could lie to her and pretend she wasn’t using, but Natasha knew the truth. She was going to be damned in Fisk took another friend from her. Not after Elektra.
“No.”
“That’s really weird,” Natasha said. “Are Steve and Bucky like…
"Leave your door open!" Tony said as she guided Matt up the stairs.
“An FBI agent, huh?” he asked as they pulled away from each other.
“Yeah, don’t know any of them either. No Bruce Banner? Or Thor? Jane Foster?”
Alias: Hulk
"Yeah, but we call him Bucky. Apparently in this world he was Steve's best friend and not his son, so that's weird."
“Can you make him think that the gauntlet is something else? Or turn it into something else?”
“Why, do they hate each other or something?”
“Okay. But now the question is how to stop him from getting all the stones? He said he already had one. What’s to stop him from gaining all the others?” Tony asked.
“With something called an Infinity Gauntlet. It’s a gauntlet made of pure gold that’s held in the weapons room in Asgard, supposedly. The Allfather, Odin, owns the gauntlet and keeps it hidden away so no one will be tempted to use it for ill will. Once you insert all the gems into the gauntlet, you’ll have unfettered power at your fingertips. But like I said, this is just a story I grew up with. I don’t actually believe in the mythology behind it.”
Thor shrugged. “Because I believe you’re better than the chaos in your mind. I believe you’re more than the god of mischief. It’s a part of you, but I do not believe that’s all you are. There is good in you, and I do not believe you want to see the world burn, especially if there’s a chance Thanos could take away your life or the subjects you want to rule over.”
Back at the Avengers tower, the heroes were waiting for Thor to come back with the three stones and were running tests on the stone inside Vision’s head. Tony didn’t have the capacity to remove the stone without breaking Vision, but the more Wanda studied the stone with her magic, and studied the way that Vision processed information, she thought she had formed a successful way to remove it without taking Vision permanently offline. Vision was a self-learning synthezoid, meaning he had data inputted, but from there he could learn independently and form his own personality and further his knowledge. Vision had learned enough in his creation that he could be separated from the stone and it wouldn’t have made much a difference in what he knew and how he processed information.
He took pauses along the way to greet the Asgardians around him, friends and others that he had fought with, glad to see him alive and well. On any other day he would take taken time to converse with them over a feast, but he did not have time to reminisce with those of his home world. He had more pressing matters at hand.
He didn’t know why he knew things about this world. Why it seemed so familiar. He was Tony Stark, husband and father. Why did he have memories of a life where he was a superhero? A dream of a different world with robots and aliens raining from the sky? People with magical powers? Why did it feel so real? Tony was only dreaming. Thor and Jane weren’t real. He wasn’t really an Avenger.
“Steve wants to use the time stone to go back to before Natasha died,” Tony said in resignation. “I don’t think it’s a good idea because it leaves so much room for error. We have Thanos under control now, but there’s no guarantee that we can do it again if we go back. Do we take that risk or not? We all have to decide.”
"Wow. Tony Stark cooking. Never thought I'd see the day," a husky voice said from behind him.
normal with his daughter. Yeah, Matt was a good guy. Her friends—the ones that he’d met—seemed nice, if a little…weird. But he wasn’t one to judge. Despite the fact that weren’t any obvious red flags, something still felt off to him.
“Okay, but…you said I deal in clean energy? Have I patented the arc reactor yet? I found a way to harness the technology I started at MIT, didn’t I?”
Russian for "sunshine." Because Bucky is the opposite of sunshine. At least in the comics.
“Wanda and Pietro?”
“So?” Tony asked.
The more Tony stared at the girl, the more he began to recognise her: the green eyes, the red hair, the stance…
Tony’s pain shuddered away, and his face hardened. “No,” he said.
She took it gingerly, shaking his hand. “This is kind of weird,” she said. “You’re my dad…but you’re not. At least when I met the other Tony they looked a lot alike, but…”
She wasn't wrong. Natasha carried around everyone's secrets. She had a way of getting the dirtiest things out of people and used it for blackmail whenever she needed to. If she was going to work as an international spy someday, she needed to get started on her training now.
“Natasha?” he whispered.
“Seriously? The guy saved someone’s life and got blinded for it?”
“Definitely learned my lesson.”
“Will you help us stop him?” he asked.
Clint snorted. “Yeah, you wish it was like that.”
“I don’t know a Bruce, but I know Jane and Thor. Thor is Loki’s older brother, and he’s married to Jane.”
Steve gripped his American flag painted shield, and prepared for the fight of his life.
“Brother,” Loki greeted without looking up at Thor.
Tony got up from his chair and clapped his best friend on the back before leaving the lab and heading upstairs to find out what his girlfriend wanted from him.
"No." She crossed her arms over her chest. "What did you do this time, Tony?"
"Can we at least meet Matt? So I know it's not him corrupting my daughter."
Then she turned to Tony. She wrapped her arms around his middle and clung to him desperately, fresh tears spilling down her cheeks. Tony kissed the top of her head, hugging her back just as fiercely. “We will see each other again, okay?” he whispered. She nodded, and reluctantly let go of him.
In fact, Steve would be. For now, he would hold his tongue and try to get along with Tony best he could. After they defeated Thanos, then they could get everything out in the open, come to some kind of understanding. It seemed that the other Tony and Steve had actually learned how to communicate with each other in healthy way, and that’s why their relationship worked. Maybe if he and this Tony talked, they would actually become friends. Steve and Tony were never going to be a couple in this world, but at least they didn’t have to be at each other’s throats all the time.
Natasha snorted. “I can’t say no to the first part, but Daddy’s not a soldier. They’d never let him into the army. He’s got too many health problems.”
Loki frowned. “Well, I suppose. Studies of the multiverse aren’t really my area of expertise. You’d have to ask my sister in law Jane about that.”
“No, I’m telling you, I
“Honestly, no. I didn’t need you for this part. I needed Steve. And he’s doing this job wonderfully, but, ugh, shit.” Tony stopped taking for a second and he settled down on Thanos’s arm. He failed to calculate that Steve attacking Thanos meant that Thanos was going to move around a lot. That made Tony’s job of severing his hand even harder. If he couldn’t get a clean cut, then their mission wasn’t going to be accomplished.
Wade scanned the crowd until he found Peter. "Peter, buddy, wait up!" he said before taking off in a blur of red.
Matt shrugged. “I thought something happened to you when you didn’t show up for school after your mission.”
Vision perused the e-mail and nodded. “This seems like a decent plan. Tony, do you have a way to re-map my neurons?”
easy to talk to when he’s mad or insulted. I don’t think Steve’s underlying personality is that much different. So he would understand, at least, a little bit about why you are guarded and put on a front.”
“I think so,” Tony said.
“They’re from a story my mother read to me when I was younger. They’re called infinity stones. Or sometimes infinity gems. They’re six stones that were created at the beginning of universe that hold immense power to whoever wields them all.”
Natasha turned around to face Clint, giving him the most confident smile she could muster up. “Why, thank you, Mr Barton. You ready for tonight?”
"I'll take you."
“If he has one,” the older Natasha muttered.
“I think so,” she said, her voice a little ragged.
They say on the couch and watched a couple episodes of
“I don’t know why Steve hates me so much here,” Steve heard Tony say. “And I don’t know how the universe can decide to make us hate each other in this world and literally be married to each other in another. I mean, how does that even work? Is it that thing where the choices we make in life matter, and if he and I had made different choices in our life we might like each other more in this world?”
"That's weird," Clint commented.
“I do.”
Natasha pouted. “Fine,” she grumbled. “Treat me like I’m five. It’s totally fine.”
The other Avengers filtered in one by one, all of them fighting the sleepiness that had plagued them and clearing their mind for the fight ahead. Tony was last to make it out, handing them the comms system, which they all eagerly put in. Each of the Avengers tested the comms system out, made sure they were all on the same channel, and could easily communicate with each other.
Natasha nodded.
Natasha perked up. “Really?”
“Okay. And how do we do that?” Clint repeated.
He saw Steve swallow. "Yeah, Tony?"
The younger Natasha bit back a smile and fought off the urge to laugh. She and her Clint had a similar dynamic. But as much as their interaction amused her, she still felt a pang in her chest. She missed her best friend. And to be quite honest, she was super worried about him. What was she missing out in in her world? What was going to happen to Clint after they killed Wesley? Now that she knew Alexander Pierce wasn’t a good guy? Were all her friends in danger?
Clint parked his bike a ways away from the building and travelled the rest on foot, canvassing the building for any other of Fisk’s minions. When he didn’t find any, he quietly made his way into the building, searching for Natasha and Wesley. He turned his hearing aids up just a touch so he wouldn’t be completely without sound. All caution was thrown into the wind as he heard two voices loudly arguing with each other.
Occupation:
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
“Yea.”
Clint grasped the stone, and thought about Natasha. He instantly found himself in the in between. It was an empty, black void, devoid of anything he thought the soul world would look life. It was just him and the blackness and his endless thoughts of Natasha.
“He has,” Natasha said. They turned to look at her. “When I was talking to the other Tony, he said he’d slipped into the void after the Battle of New York and met someone. They’ve been in his head for years, scaring him enough that he felt he needed to build something to protect Earth, to defend it.”
Wanda’s red magic flared in the air and then dissipated as she turned to look at Tony. “I still can’t figure out a way to remove it without hurting Vision. I contacted someone who might know more about the situation than I do. I am just waiting to hear back from them.”
"Let's go sit down," Steve said. Natasha guided Matt to the couch across from where her parents were seated.
Natasha clenched her jaw. “Then leave. I’m not changing my mission. I can’t fight with the law like you and Foggy, Matt. That’s not the way I work. I was trained to be an assassin. I’m a spy. It’s what I do. And it’s who I’m always going to be. I’m not going to change.”
“Tony, you son of a bit—” Clint said before his comms shut off on him.
Tony grinned at her. “Come on, Nat. You can teach Steve how to look up old stuff on Microfiche. It’ll be a blast.”
Steve left Natasha at the kitchen island in order to open the door. When he came back, he was trailed by her friends.
Parents Names:
“With kids. Gay and married with kids. Are there more of you?”
“Yes, trust me. Not that long ago in my world we found out HYDRA had infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. back when it was founded and had been growing in strength since. Pierce was the head of HYDRA until you and Steve took him down.”
Birthday: December 18, 1969
Thor once again took pause outside of his father’s chambers. He had to steel his mind for a conversation with Loki. Conversations with his brother were always dangerous—one never knew which way the conversation would go. Thor had had many pleasant conversations with him, and many that left him with a bad taste in his mouth. Talking with Loki required a delicate choice of words and anticipating Loki’s mood and motives.
fight, you know.”
“Okay…”
“You’re the one after the gems, aren’t you?”
"No, I know. I'm married to Pepper here. But in the other world we're together and we're married and we're happy, and I really want to go back there."
Thor grinned. “Thank you, brother.”
“Thanos!” Thor’s booming voice cursed. “Yes. My mother used to tell me and Loki bedtime stories about him and his home planet, Titan. Father has the gauntlet that controls the infinity stones in his weapons room.”
"Negative. Russians know how to hold their liquor. Ever heard of Russian vodka? One shot of that and you'd be on your ass."
He wand Wanda descended back down to the ground, the latter letting go of her control of Thanos’s mind. Tony flew through the air, grabbing hold of Steve again as he did so. Thor used the force of his hammer to smash the gauntlet into pieces, the stone and the gold gauntlet falling apart into a bunch of tiny little pieces.
He shrugged. "Guess you don't know me as well as you thought you did."
Tony searched his eyes for any hint of insincerity, then nodded. “Okay. Well, Wanda doesn’t want a stone, which means Clint has to be the one to use the space stone.”
“Of course. I am sorry, Jane.”
“Your dad tried to explain to me everything that happened, but I still don’t think I really understand. I just want to know that everyone and everything is safe and that things are going to go back to normal now.”
"Oh, good, you're in the lab and you haven't screwed anything up today, like, I don't know, build a murdering psychopathic robot intent of taking over the earth."
“Does what I want even matter?”
Tony looked at the reality stone, still clutched in the palm of his hand.
When Tony was finally up the next day around noon with the worst hangover of his life, he ventured into the kitchen for some paracetamol, a glass of water, and like four cups of coffee. He was in the process of preparing himself a cup when he noticed the Avengers huddled together, asleep on the couch and on the floor in the entertainment centre, the menu screen for the movie
Thor stiffened. “Is Father all right?”
Siblings and Other Family:
“What kind of power?” Steve chimed in.
Tony chuckled darkly, even though he was pretty sure he was extremely terrified that Thanos actually
"I thought you were smaller."
to think. He could see the benefits in both, but he seemed uncomfortable that the decision came down to him. What if he said yes and Thanos got all the stones and the multiverse was defeated? Or the power
“Of course I am,” he said, frowning. “You know this was my goal.”
Tony paused for a moment. “Yeah, I don’t know who that is, but sure.”
Jane and Thor helped him find his way to his bedroom (this tower was fucking huge! How many fucking floors did they need?) and after brushing his teeth and getting into some comfortable clothes, he collapsed onto his bed, praying when he woke up it would be in Steve's arms.
"And your shorts?"
“I…I have a brother, yes. His name is James, but we call him Bucky. Daddy talked you into naming him James Buchanan, after the president.”
“After that crazy mission I spent all night talking to him on the phone and then like last week Pietro found out that Crystal was cheating on him with some older guy named Norman Webster. He broke up with her and I took my chances on asking him out on a date. He said yes, of course.”
Tony swallowed and shrugged, trying to act nonchalant. It was the first time he had really seen Natasha--this Natasha, anyway--angry, and he wasn't so keen to see it again. "I saw you with him once, a while ago. I was surprised you actually had a functioning relationship with someone who wasn't S.H.I.E.L.D. Or you know, screwed up in some way like all of us are."
“Then he blackmailed you. You were vulnerable, brother. You had just fallen into the void after learning you were adopted. He manipulated you.”
“Fuck, the dude has a
Clint again climbed down from his perch and joined the rest of the Avengers on the ground. They gathered around Natasha’s body. Her skin was already taking on a sallow pallor, paler than he’d ever seen her before. He reached down and closed her dull, lifeless green eyes, not able to stand seeing them open any longer. He brushed her hair out of her face.
Steve was
Suddenly the door to Tony’s lab burst open with a flash of red. Wanda walked in, hands raised, and then dropped her magic as soon as she saw Steve.
"Huh. I didn't think Erik was able to be killed. Weird."
Clint wasn’t a prayer at all, and didn’t really believe in any of the gods that others claimed to, but he sent a small little prayer to whatever deity might exist that they would work in their favour that day as he climbed to a tree and posed with his bow and arrow ready for firing. He wasn’t even sure how he got mixed in all this superhero bullshit. All Clint really wanted to do was chill on his couch in his apartment in his underwear, watch old cartoons, and drink coffee by the pot. But apparently the universe decided that wasn’t in the cards for him. As much as he wanted to be lazy, he couldn’t have abandoned Nat or Coulson at S.H.I.E.L.D. even if he’d tried. And then he couldn’t
Steve tucked a piece of his daughter's fiery red hair behind her ear and held her chin up so she looked him in the eyes. "What's going on with your friends?"
"Really, Nat?"
"Uh huh. And Pepper?"
“Yeah? Well, their biological dad is?”
When he was done cooking, Tony placed two plates on the island and the two dug in. Tony debated while they ate about talking to Natasha, trying to sneakily figure out how to talk to her without revealing he was technically from another world. Or reality or mind set or whatever. He didn't want anyone other than Jane and Thor to know.
That night in bed, after making out with his husband a bit, they turned out the lights. His arms around his husband's smaller body, listening to the slight wheeze in his chest, Tony Stark fell asleep, and had the best night's sleep he'd had in his whole life.
Tonight’s mission was finally becoming a reality. She was letting the others handle everything with Fisk. Her mission was just Wesley. She was supposed to seduce information out of him, or get him to trust her in some way. They needed unfettered access to where Fisk keeps all his information. She just needed a location, a password, and her hacking skills would do the rest of the work. Wesley wouldn’t even know what hit him.
.” The vitriol was back in Loki’s tone. Thor had to resist the urge to roll his eyes at his ill-tempered younger brother.
Childhood: He lived as a very sick, very poor kid. His father entered the army during World War I and came back with PTSD. This led to drinking and violence, taken out on him and his mother. He shot himself when he realised the kind of person he was, leaving his mother to fend for both of them alone. She worked as a nurse, taking as many shifts as she could to support Steve and his medical needs, until she got sick and died. His best friend Bucky moved in with him and helped Steve take on jobs drawing, etc. for money.
"Your mind is essentially stuck in two worlds, Tony. Do you believe in alternate universes? Infinite realities?"
“He knows,” Tony said, surprising Natasha immensely. “He’s letting me keep it if I agree to let him keep the time stone. I’m letting him keep it on the agreement that he just
Loki hummed. “Are you forgetting I worked with him in the past?”
“I did,” Natasha said, with a smile, “this morning.”
Tony left the two of them at the dining room table with Steve's sketchbook and his charcoal pencils in order to call the pizza place. He ordered two larges, one with pepperoni, and one with veggies on it so they could seem like a healthy family, and watched his husband sketch the tree in their backyard, helping teach Bucky how to do the same. He watched them until the doorbell rang and he paid the pizza guy.
“Among other things…that I’m pretty sure are way too grown up for you to hear. What are you, like 15?”
Six years later, Natasha was bone tired after stepping off the plane from the long case she had been working on. A case that ended brutally and unhappily for pretty much everyone involved. In the end, they’d caught the perp, but that didn’t erase all the damage he’d caused or the people’s lives he’d taken and ruined.
“This guy named Alexander Pierce approached me and my friends, said he was from this secret government facility called S.H.I.E.L.D. He basically told us to train so that when we graduated he could recruit us into the program, and that he’d give us a trial run with a mission we had to complete.”
“And if he still doesn’t like me? Or, god forbid, he
“I’m so sorry, Thor. Did you get a chance to talk to your father, confront him with everything?”
Natasha shrugged. “I work at a magic shop. Loki tells me stories about a magic gem that can alter realities and create new ones. It’s not out of the realm of possibilities.”
The group of Avengers all looked at each other, not knowing how to handle this. Tony leaned back against the couch, still upright, and sighed.
"I'm fine, baby," he slurred, trying to force himself upright on the couch and bring himself to open his heavy eyelids. "'M still alive."
"Yeah, okay." Tony lifted his hands off Bucky's ears. "Finish your pancakes and I'll drive you two to school."
Tony blinked. “Oh, shit. He didn’t go through Project Rebirth.”
“I’ll let you all talk,” he said, heading for the stairs.
“Because I know what kind of questions you ask, Clint. Be nice.”
“Steve Rogers?” Jane asked.
Loki shut the textbook and placed it on Thor’s bed beside him. “I only joined Thanos for survival,” he said quietly. “I did not think anyone could stop him if he got his hands on all the stones. I did not have faith that any Earthly heroes could rise to the occasion. As such, I did not want to die. So I allied myself with the group I thought would win the war.”
And yet, it did niggle at Natasha that he came alone. He didn’t bring
“No news?” he asked tiredly as he and Steve entered the hospital room.
Thor shook his head. “My father no longer runs Asgard. He has surrendered all control to Loki. Willingly.”
Natasha looked down at her shoes, too ashamed to meet Tony’s eyes. “We had a mission last night,” she whispered. “I was just supposed to get some intel from this guy named Wesley, who works for Wilson Fisk. Things went a little south, my cover was blown, and…there was a power struggle with a gun.”
“Then you’ll get sent back with me. You don’t want to go there.”
“All but the one you’ve got on that ugly thing.”
Birthplace: Asgard
“I need to cut his hand off,” Tony finally said. “But I need him to be still. Wanda, is there any way you can get inside his head and stop him from moving? Make our jobs easier?”
It took Pepper a few seconds to take the file Tony was handing back to her. "Why are you being nice?"
"Thank you for this news, Friend Tony. This comforts me greatly."
“You tortured us,” Nebula said, coming to stand next to her sister. “You made her fight against me. And every time she won a fight against me, you would take off a piece of my body and replace it with a machine. You turned me into this.”
Tony just stared at Jane, who stared back. While Jane was staring expectantly, Tony had a completely blank look on his face, devoid of any emotion. He didn't even blink.
“Because she’s finally had enough of your bullshit, Thanos,” Gamora said. “And this time you’ve gone too far. I was young when you stole me from my home. I was young and naïve and just lost my entire planet, and found myself in your care, and I was desperate to be loved, to matter, to be safe, even if it meant the person who murdered my planet became my father. You stole my childhood and you’ve ruined so many lives, and you’ve finally gone too far. No one wants you to be the ruler of their universe, Thanos. You’ll never be a god.”
Karen grinned and pulled out a bottle of Jack Daniels.
He heard a sigh, and a sniffle, and the door being shut maybe just a little too loud for Steve’s sensitive hearing to handle.
"No."
Natasha swallowed. No, she wanted to say. "Sure," she said instead.
And maybe they did take Tony for granted sometimes. They
“You know him in your world?”
Tony gave her a weak, watery smile. "No," he said truthfully, not willing to elaborate. He turned away from Natasha and focused on meticulously washing the dishes he used to cook breakfast for them. He bit his lip the entire time to keep from having a panic attack or bursting into tears, whichever one threatened to come first. He wasn't sure he liked this reality. He missed his old one. He just wanted to find his way back.
“See? And Vision’s had that stone in his head for a while and he hasn’t tried to mind control any of us and go rogue. At least, I don’t think so.”
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
"Ooookay," Clint said. "Can we talk about something else? Like why I'm deaf or if Natasha still has red hair in that world or who our other friends are?"
“He lost the arm and he lost some of his motor function that he’ll have to work out in physical therapy, but he’s got all of his memories and he’s kept his spirit. He kept asking where you were. Your boyfriend and Clint kept asking, too. Said it was urgent. Does this have to do with Fisk?”
Just as he was beginning to panic, the fire licking his feet, choking on the acrid smell of flesh burning from the bodies beneath him, he heard his name being called. "Tony?" the voice said. It was familiar, like someone he was supposed to know, but didn't. "Tony?" it called again. A man's voice. "TONY!" it yelled, and he was gasping, awake, but unclear where he was.
Steve smiled softly. “You thought so, too?”
“Sure.”
Of course he had been worried! If Tony had looked like he was dead...why wouldn't his husband be relieved that he was okay? That brought a drunken smile to Tony's lips. His husband was so adorable when he was worried about him.
"No, Man of Iron," Thor said in his booming voice, "that world is real. Even if it exists in your mind. Every world is real."
She shrugged. "Yep. Can we stop talking about sex now?"
together for the twentieth time that year. Not that he was complaining.
“What the fuck,” Tony whispered. Steve could see his hands shaking. He didn’t know how to handle this.
“Ah, Steve quit the superhero business once he found Bucky. They took off on some kind of spiritual road trip together. Bucky posts photos about it on Instagram all the time.”
“Hello,” the purple alien said to him. “You are not the Tony of my universe,” he said.
“Yeah,” Steve said softly. “Her name was Peggy. She had a good life without me.”
“Excellent!” Thor informed. “She is back in London working but I have informed her of our events. She wishes us all luck and has ordered me to stay on Earth with her after this is all over.”
"But am I happy?" Tony asked.
As much as Steve was embarrassed by the fact he’d been listening in on Tony and Natasha’s conversation, he was also kind of glad. He had gotten a little bit on insight into Tony’s world. It wasn’t like Steve didn’t know that Tony had an inferiority complex in there somewhere, and he felt he had to make up for his lack of social interaction with money and cool inventions, but every time he thought he saw pieces of the vulnerable Tony, it was counteracted by Tony being arrogant, selfish, and generally unpleasant to be around.
“Pepper? Really? Well, I guess if I were straight, Pep would be the one I would want to be with. Makes sense.”
“Dad!” she burst out, jumping right into his arms.
They sat there on the couch for a while, the Tony from a different world holding the younger Natasha as she fell asleep. When she would wake up the next morning, with a crick in her neck, Tony would be gone, just a figment of her imagination. But for now, they were together again, in one universe, under one roof, and all was right in the world.
“Whose side are you on, Natasha? You know what that thing did to me?”
?" she said.
Karen sighed. "Nat, it was once. I stole his heroin once."
“All but one, it would seem.” Thanos’s eyes darted to each of the Avengers, categorizing each weapon they were carrying and who was wielding which stone. He wasn’t very confident they knew what they were doing with the stones. “Do your underlings even know how to control the power they wield? Or will they end up destroying themselves in the process?”
“Why not? We have the time stone. We can go back in time and save her, and then use what we know to take Thanos down.”
“Fuck, are these things back on?” Tony asked.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked.
"You too? Come on, guys."
“I guess you know who I am.”
"Thank you," she said, kissing him again.
Seemed like this Tony was a better version, too. Lighter. Happier. Maybe he could use a dose of that. Maybe he could learn from his mistakes and let himself settle down with Pepper and be happy in his own world. Maybe, after all this shit was done and dealt with, he could retire, and just live normally. That was the dream, wasn’t it? The dream he had never allowed himself to dream. But now, maybe he could. Maybe this was the start of something good.
“I’m not—” Tony sighed. “I’m not trying to treat you like you’re five, Nat. I promise. If you were 18, this would be a totally different discussion. But you’re not. And I’m not having a kid fight this battle against a mad Titan us adults don’t even know if we can defeat. Okay?”
“So four out of six, and we somehow have to get the fifth one away from Thanos and locate the last one.”
Natasha stood up on shaky legs and went to shake her hand. “Natasha.”
Tony drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and sighed, finally breaking the silence. “So,” he said, “you’re not gay.”
Steve looked at the kitchen table he was sitting at, looked around the kitchen itself. There were a child’s drawings on the fridge and a tonne of pictures of a family, a family he wasn’t a part of. And yet, he was. As he looked at it, he saw it was a photo of him, Tony, Natasha, and Bucky. He swallowed, because seeing this here, seeing how
“Yeah, I think it’s the project you’re working on now, actually. You keep saying it’s gonna change the world pretty significantly.”
“No, that’s okay. I’ll climb down myself. Wanda, can you control him long enough for me to get him into space?”
Tony's spatula went clacking onto the counter as it fell from his hand. He wasn't ready to face this voice, what this voice would do or say or act. He had to remind himself she wasn't his daughter in this universe. They probably didn't even like each other. She was a Russian spy, and a lot older than 17, and probably only mildly tolerated him.
They held on for a few more seconds and then Natasha groaned, pulling back. “I’m gonna go see if I can catch up with Matt. Text me when we’re all meeting up later tonight.”
“Are you okay?” he asked her quietly as she pulled back from him.
(ptichka)?"
Tony snorted. “Just try us, asshole. We’re not as hard to get rid of as one might think. After all, we have the stones of power.”
Steve looked at him in surprise. "How did you manage to get that out of her?"
Steve asked Matt a few more questions about being Catholic, how he was liking high school, and how he and Natasha got together (which embarrassed the hell out of her), but the more polite her parents were, the more she relaxed. It helped Matt was squeezing her hand in reassurance and remaining calm throughout the entire meeting.
"Yeah, once is all it takes to get addicted."
Tony pursed his lips. “Fine. But only because someone needs to stay back here with Bucky am I letting you go alone. Please, do not get stuck there, stay out of the fights, and don’t get yourself killed, you hear me?”
"Yeah, Tony, I was," he said.
"What do you want on your pizza?"
“Please don’t argue with me. I’m trying to get you home to your dads.”
“The other you knows. I don’t know about the other Steve since he was stuck here.”
“Thor,” Loki said, caution in his voice. “Come to send me back to the Asgardian dungeons?”
"With Matt?"
Natasha sighed.
known her friend possessed any kind of useful skills like that. She just assumed Pepper did all the cooking or that JARVIS ordered in for them.
“You can’t just go around murdering things, Tony!”
Natasha sighed. "What kind of booze did you steal?" she asked, changing the subject.
Steve laughed. "I don't know...shell head."
“Where’s your mind at, Tony?” Jane asked, more soft and sympathetic than her boyfriend. “Where are you right now?”
Tony was a bundle of nerves as he sensed Thanos’s hulking form in the distance striding towards them, just like he had done in that creepy void. All of their training they’d done was guess work; he didn’t know if they actually even stood a chance of besting the demented purple monstrosity. But Tony was determined to bring that bastard down for good, or to go down fighting for the security of Earth. He knew the media had branded the Avengers ‘Earth’s Mightiest Heroes’, but in that moment, he couldn’t argue with that term. These five humans and one Asgardian were going to fight for all the others who couldn’t fight for themselves. His Rhodey bear was off on a mission and away from the fight like he wanted, Coulson was off resting somewhere like Clint and Natasha wanted, and Sam Wilson was back in DC working for the VA program like Steve wanted. He’d warned Pepper, Thor had warned Jane, and all their loved ones were tucked away. Not that it would matter if things went sideways, but in case they won, no harm would come to them in the process. Fighting for these people was worth it, and Tony was going to do his damnedest to make sure all these people had a home when they were done.
Nervously, Peggy stood up from the chair she had been sitting in and smiled at Steve. “Hello,” she said in her post English accent. She had been living in America since she was a child, but that British accent had clung to her all these years. “You’re certainly not the Steve of this universe,” she chuckled.
“Okay,” Tony said. He was trying not to break down. It was the most emotion Steve had ever seen from him. “You figured out what was making us switch through universes?”
“I guess. I’m happy things have worked out for both of us. For all of us,” she said, leaning against Tony and shutting her eyes.
Tony’s eyes searched around the void for the ugly purple Titan, and his eyes came upon him a ways away, just sitting down in the void with his eyes closed, like he was meditating or something.
Wanda's boyfriend, Victor Shade, was the newest member of their group. His parents were evil scientists intent on world domination, according to him, so he actually moved in with Erik. He was well-spoken and a perfect match for Wanda and nothing like his parents. Natasha had met his father once. He scared the shit out of her.
Tony dragged a hand across his face. Fuck, he
Steve swallowed. “I say yes.”
“I’m shocked, Legolas. Who knew you were useful?”
"Sorry," she said.
“What are you going to do, sleep with him? Make him fall in love with you?”
and no one had believed him. He was just trying to protect the world, and all the got was flak for it. A typical day in his life, but at least he was right. At least he knew there was something out there that needed fighting.
Steve took a couple of calming breaths. “I see where you’re coming from Tony, but I’m sorry, I can’t agree with you on this one. I say we save Natasha, take Thanos down, and then destroy the stones. Just this once, and we never used them for our own gain again. Just once.”
Tony sighed. “Fine. I’ll hook up my HUD camera to the tower so you can see everything I see in the field, okay?”
She pursed her lips. “You’re cashing in my debt?”
It's late again. I took care of my baby niece while her parents were on a weekend trip, and then I got sick. So, here you go.
But now…his fingers wanted to take up that piece of charcoal and create. He wasn’t even sure what he wanted to draw, just that he did. He took the sketchbook, his charcoals, and a kneaded eraser out of his bad and sat down on the bed, ready to draw the first thing that came to his mind.
The Avengers followed Fury onto the Helicarrier. They brought Thanos into medical, and once he was put under, they followed Fury into the debriefing room, spending the next few hours going over ever excruciating detail of the last few weeks of their existence.
“He was being mind controlled.”
Natasha smiled softly. “Nah, you guys are just the regular embarrassing kind of parents. No major trauma here. Or well, no trauma from you. Not that I can remember it.”
“Or we can just kill him.”
“That’s…literally the most fucked up thing I have ever heard in my life.”
Images started flashing in his mind of stuff, memories or dreams. Things half forgotten.
Age: 97
"I think I like him."
Thanos hummed again. “Titan was once a poor, starving planet that barely had enough money to feed all of its citizens. Thousands of people were begging for scraps, unable to fend for themselves or their family. In order to rectify this, half of Titan’s population was…sacrificed, so that it could once become rich and thriving.”
“Bring it on,” Steve said.
"Karen just needs a place to stay, is all. She doesn't want to stay with Foggy's family. They ask too many questions."
"Watch movies?" Steve suggested.
Wanda shifted uncomfortably. That was a chapter in her life she would rather like to forget about.
"Natasha, your parents were Russian. That's like the very definition of alcoholic."
Tony sat himself down on the couch as his body shuddered violently. “Ugh, that guy gives me the creeps,” he muttered.
Neither younger or older Natasha had ever seen Clint look so hurt and shocked at Natasha’s words. “I’m sorry,” she said quietly, “but I’m just trying to see things from both sides. Even if he was mind controlled, what Loki did to you doesn’t get erased or make it easier to forgive him. But you have to be open to the possibility that that’s really what happened.”
“Brother,” he said, simply, and the illusion melted and Loki shifted into his Asgardian form, complete with a sly smirk Thor had become accustomed to.
“Yes you can. You remember the technique I was teaching you? Try closing your eyes and focusing your hearing on my heartbeat. That’s really all you need to be able to tell if someone is lying or not.”
“Yes,” she said, determined. “I would like to know what’s going on in the battlefield.”
“What?” Natasha asked.
“Yeah? Is that…is that bad?”
“I know. But let’s not think about that now. I’m supposed to be in Wesley mode, remember.”
Clint blinked over and over, trying to stave away the shock of the moment, before coming back to himself and rushing towards Natasha. Her hand still held the gun; it was shaking uncontrollably. He gently took the gun from her hand and placed it on the floor, then gathered his best friend in his arms. He just held her as she shook; he was terrified of getting caught, but knew he needed to take care of her, too.
Birthplace: Malibu, California
“He’s the Titan who convinced you to conquer Earth, is he not?”
“Who?” Thanos asked.
Tony snorted. “Why? It’s not like we’re going to change fate if you tell me. I’m just curious, I just want to know that I’m not going to spend the rest of my life alone.”
Natasha drummed her fingers on her thigh for a moment before squinting and asking Tony, “Where is Bruce?”
“I just watched me from an alternate reality get murdered by a purple alien, so not very well.”
Steve nodded. “He’s a good kid. Thanks for letting us meet him.”
“What about your world? Still superheroing?”
Matt laughed softly. "Okay. You still drunk?"
Clint shrugged. “Does it look like he and Crystal are breaking up anytime soon? My crush is useless.”
Matt shook his head. “How did I become good friends with people who are so cavalier about killing people?”
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
“Okay,” she grumbled. “Can I be on the comms, too?”
Birthplace: Brooklyn, New York
Tony grinned at her. “Yeah, kind of. I didn’t tell you about FRIDAY?”
Steve frowned. “You think Loki is behind this? But…this originated from my world. You told me that magic and superheroes aren’t real in this universe.”
“You do realise you may be dooming all of us to a gruesome death?”
“Well, it came from her ancestors, and it was written down, but yes. Some still believe it’s true. But I’ve had these stones in my shop for years, and far as I know they don’t hold any real power.”
Tony turned the burner off and put a plate of pancakes on the island. He got out the maple syrup and helped Bucky cut up his pancakes into bite sized pieces so he could eat it better.
"Yeah, that sounds good," Tony said, not even trying to argue. He was tired and confused and hoping this was just a really vivid dream. Natasha found out he was following her and she drugged him, or something. He's gonna wake up tomorrow and his life will go back to being normal and boring, just the way he liked it.
"Don't be. You didn't blind him." She changed the subject, then. “So I have a brother? James? Also adopted, I'm assuming?"
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
“Steve needed my energy to get back here. And you all needed to know about Thanos. I took a risk. I said goodbye to Dad, so at least he knows where I am, and he trusts that I’m safe with all of you.”
“Okay. So here’s the plan. Steve’s currently hitting him in the face with his shield. I’m gonna cut his hand off, and then he won’t have the gauntlet. Thor, can your hammer smash that gauntlet and the stone?”
“What? Is everyone okay?”
"Far as I can tell."
"And so naturally you come to me? A teenage girl with two dads who gives a shit about me and an annoying younger brother? If you wanted someone to understand your family dichotomy you should've talked to Matt."
“And you’re including me?” Natasha said.
Tony raked his eyes over Steve. “Who are you?” he asked.
“That’s not what I’m saying,” Wanda interrupted. “I just think this gives Thanos an easier chance to steal the stones from us.”
“Great,” Tony said. “I’ll drive.”
The ugly alien with his ugly ass chin grinned at Tony. “Anthony Stark. So good to see you again. I see you’ve learned how to use your stone.”
“I don’t like the idea of inviting any more aliens into our space.”
"I'm with Matt Murdock?" Natasha asked.
Literal Russian translation is "devil. It's her pet name and an inside joke about how the "Murdock boys got the devil in them."
"What if I need a good lawyer?" Tony grinned at her. Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Okay. So once the gauntlet is destroyed and Wanda’s mind controlling him into being still, you’re gonna come in Clint.”
"Okay, well that answered my next question about whether or not you and Pepper were ever a thing in that other universe. You weren't, right?"
Natasha shrugged again. “It’s pending.”
“Yeah, well we’ve got ‘em on Earth. All of them.”
"Good guess. Sorry."
“I don’t know,” Natasha said. “It’s not like any of us have killed anyone yet. We’re just planning on taking the law into our own hands when it’s needed. The law can’t take care of everything, Matt. I know you and Foggy have wanted to be lawyers your whole lives, but you can’t save everyone.
She and her group of friends were all a little screwed up in the best ways. They generally called themselves the Merry Band of Misfits, because they all just fit in with each other, while the rest of the school looked at them like they were weird. There was no judgment there with any of them.
"And, well, your dad gets it. He's cool with me hanging around every time you say my dad's drunk because he knows, doesn't he? Everyone remembers him being an alcoholic before you were born; it's in all the old reports. And his dad was like that, too. Don't you ever wonder if Howard ever hurt him? Why he is the way he is?"
“Steve, I know what I’m doing. I mean, I’ve never exactly done
Loki laughed bitterly. “After all of Odin’s lies, how can you still believe anything that comes out of his mouth? No, dear brother, I was not treated
Thor frowned. “That close to home?”
Heimdall bowed his head in assent and led him away from his post into a more comfortable setting. “What is it you wish to know?” Heimdall asked.
, he signed.
“Yes.”
“What did I miss around here?” she asked.
The rest of the Avengers paused the movie they were watching and kept their ears open for the news.
me for doing all the hard work for him.”
“No, I don’t suppose I am,” he said.
“Oh gee, I don’t know, your own self-loathing? Maybe Steve doesn’t really hate all your decisions. Maybe you’re just always on the defence about things and pick a fight with him as a way to protect yourself. Instead of having him agree with you, you just assume he’s going to disagree with you and you fight a battle with him when in all reality it would probably be solved between you two easily.”
"What question?" Jane asked.
After dinner and a bit more talking, Natasha told them she and Matt were going upstairs. Away from parental company.
The Incident: He was selected by Abraham Erskine for Project Rebirth after witnessing a small and determined Steve try and fail to enter the army three times. Using unknown chemicals and formulas, small, sick, and skinny Steve was turned into a man with enhanced healing, strength, and durability. He then toured the US selling bail bonds during the war until he led a rescue mission in order to recover his friend Bucky's faction behind enemy lines. Him and his group of Howling Commandos continued to fight in the war against HYDRA and Red Skull until, in order to save the world, Steve flew a plane into the Atlantic and was frozen and missing for 70 years.
Occupation:
“The stone you’re seeking is on Jotunheim.”
Steve snorted. “Telling me not to stare at him is not the same thing as telling me your boyfriend’s blind.”
“Yep. The guy is certifiable. Apparently it’s like his job, or something. I don’t know, the guy is insane. But he’s from your universe. I think he’s attacked your Earth before.”
Thanos flexed the gauntlet, showing off the one stone, nestled neatly into its space where it was supposed to be. “Of course I do.”
"Look," Natasha said. "I know we aren't close. And you're still pissed I posed as your secretary in order to evaluate you. Hell, you're probably pissed I didn't recommend you for the Avengers. But we've been through shit together. We're a team now. And I defend my team. And if you need to talk, I'm here. I'm not the most warm or fuzziest person, but I'm a good listener, and I tell things to you straight. If you ever find yourself needing that, I'm just two floors away."
“Thank you.”
"You wanna come down here and join us?" Steve asked.
He ran towards the sound of their voices, trying to stay in the shadows in case he needed to bail Natasha out of a bad situation. He took a moment to assess the situation: Wesley, with a gun pointed at Natasha. Clint grabbed an arrow and drew his bow tight, waiting for their next moves, unafraid to strike Wesley if the moment called for it.
“I don’t think the reality stone works that way. So far I’ve only been able to use it to travel through and create different realities.”
Natasha glared at Tony again.
Tony's mouth went dry. No, really, what kind of a person was this Tony Stark? He didn't think he liked him very much. "I didn't do anything, Pep," he said in a small voice. "I'm sorry I tried to be nice. I won't do it again."
“Yeah. He draws too, but he doesn’t like to sell his art.”
Natasha shrugged. “I mean, it’s normal. Though I don’t really know anything else.”
Tony blinked, surprised at the revelation. "Oh, shit. Sorry, man. Does he still have a twin sister, Wanda?"
"Is this going to be a regular occurrence from you?"
Thor shook his head. No, that wasn’t right. That kind of punishment was only for the worst Asgardian criminals, the ones who would no doubt be sent to Helheim with their death. Loki was a prince of Asgard. He had led the Jotuns into the throne room, sure, but in his defence he had just found out he was adopted as a spoil of war, stolen from his home of Jotunheim. He was wanted as a war criminal after attacking Earth, but those crimes should have had no bearing on his Asgardian sentence. His father had approved these heinous acts to be committed on their son? He had really ordered the death of one of Loki’s
"Are Steve and I together?"
Clint shook his head. “I don’t know.” He took out his phone and texted Frank, then dialled Pierce, filling him in on the events. Pierce gave them a rendezvous location, and they were off for a debriefing.
history and not try and change it. The Capcicle can’t be playing Doctor Who on us.”
Honestly, Jane didn't know. She looked over at Thor for support on this subject. He knew more about magic than she did.
She shrugged. “I was looking for my parents. Or my past. Back in Russia. I didn’t find anything…but then the director approached us to train, basically guaranteed us a spot in S.H.I.E.L.D. once we graduated. It was too good to pass up.”
"That's why they call them shorts."
"Okay," she said. "We don't know exactly what happened, why, and if we can reverse it, but this Tony is not our Tony, okay? After his fight with Pepper over Ultron, he went down to the lab and then never came back. And Thor got worried. So I went down to the lab to check on him and we found him passed out at his lab desk and I tried to wake him up and he started spouting on about this really vivid dream he'd had about being in another world. It was this world where he wasn't a superhero, but a regular guy married to Steve and they had two kids and everything was different. And when I started telling him about his life here, he remembered having a vivid dream in the other world of him being Iron Man and that Steve was Captain America and somehow he's shifting between alternate realities. It's not in his head, I've analysed the particles in the air and they're an element that's not from this world. I thought he was just going crazy from lack of sleep and stress or something, but it's real. This Tony is really from a world where he's married to Steve, and apparently Natasha, you're his daughter, and I didn't exist, and it's all really weird and we don't know how to get him back or if the other Tony is stuck in his place in the other world."
He spent the rest of his day working on his project, taking a small break when Pepper came down and forced him to eat and sign the bill, which went through. Then he got back to work until he had to leave to pick Bucky up from pre-school. The kid was in a good mood, as usual, chattering about learning how to count, and how to sound out words, and kept chattering on about it as they walked in the front door of their mansion and opened his backpack to show Tony what they had been working on. He paid attention to his son until he was finished and asked if he could watch a movie and have a snack before he had to do his homework. Tony agreed and he cut up some apple slices for his kid and they watched
"Sowwy," the little kid (Bucky? His son?) said, staring guiltily up at Tony and Steve with the most beautiful dark eyes Tony had ever seen.
I promise I meant to get this out sooner...and then life happened. In this scene, Steve remembers meeting the other Tony in his universe, but Tony has no recollection of these events and he's meeting Steve for the first time. Confusing, but timelines and time travel still kind of blows my mind, even though I chose to write a whole fanfiction centred around it.
"Is he still blind in that world?" She looked like she didn't want it to be true.
“Good. Cool. Chop chop,” Tony said.
He distantly heard the sound of the other’s comms being turned back on, but he tuned them out for the most part and kept hitting Thanos as hard as he could muster. Over and over again, hoping he was doing some kind of damage.
Steve shook his head. “Thanos already has one of the stones. We have another, in case you’ve forgotten all this universe hopping.”
“You still have the other stone from your universe in your pocket, yeah? Maybe if you just…think about going back to your world, you’ll go back, no questions asked?” Tony chimed in.
corrupt them and the multiverse got defeated? But what if they didn’t use the stones, people died, and nothing got solved? Could Steve really handle it if his decision was the one that ended up with the outcome being less than favourable on their part?
“I know I can’t fight, but now I can’t come with you all?”
“Can we go back to the conversation at hand?” Steve asked. “Thor, you said the gauntlet was fake. What happened to the real one?”
Known Affiliations:
"Yeah, thanks."
“Nick Fury? Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.?”
"Rogers?"
Tony's stomach growled at him and he decided he needed to go make breakfast and have at least three cups of coffee before he could even begin thinking about what he was going to do. He found the kitchen easily enough. He put a pot on and got busy making scrambled eggs and pancakes, his favourite. Because he could use a little normal right now.
Natasha hummed. “They liked you, too.”
Young Natasha looked up at the ceiling in surprise. “Your house speaks!” she said excitedly.
“But how did Thanos get the gauntlet out of the weapons room? Do we think Loki is still helping him?”
“Are all of his siblings evil? How did Thor turn into the golden retriever in an otherwise snakey family? Maybe
Natasha rolled her eyes and took a swig of her beer. “Somehow I don’t think the world cares about your sex life,” she quipped.
“Yeah, me either, really. My parents are good. Still disgustingly in love, still doing what they love. Bucky’s in a good place, too. He finished his physical therapy after the accident and when he was old enough my dad Tony made him a pretty advanced prosthetic arm that he doled out to the market not long after.”
Wanda’s red magic nudged the stones on the table, getting a feel for their power. “They feel just like the other two,” she said. “When do I get to destroy them?”
Lovers:
Tony cleared his throat before speaking.
“Of course,” Pietro said. “Did I ever tell you about growing up in Mount Wundagore?”
Occupation:
He heard the click of a key sliding open the lock towards the front door of their house, and scrambled up from the kitchen table, terrified and feeling extremely out of place. This wasn’t his home. This wasn’t his world. He was not like the Steve of this world, he was just imposing into someone else’s life, and his heart was hammering in his throat like mad…
"No. It's just Foggy," she said, locking her phone and putting it back in her pocket.
"There's nothing going on with me, Daddy, promise."
“Her name’s Natasha. Steve and I adopted her when her parents died.”
“I can use my repulsor rays to slice his hand off.”
“No, you won’t, Nat. I’m not going to sit around and listen to you all get murdered. Wesley is not going to sit back and let you all intimidate him into going after Fisk. It’s not going to happen.”
better than everyone else. Just try to find some common ground with him. Open up a little.”
“You know a Sam Wilson?”
Tony nodded. “Am I married to another man in that universe?”
Tony nodded warily.
“Seems to me you’re using a stone without actually using it. If you’re telling me your chaos magic is going to eventually corrupt you—”
"You didn't answer my calls last night. I called Foggy, but he said he hadn't heard from you either."
Age: 46
"We're learning shapes!"
"What about Sam Wilson?"
“Sup,” Clint said.
Natasha froze. "Why do you want to meet him so much?"
Tony nodded. "You didn't answer my question," he said.
Tony nodded. "We made a deal we wouldn't drink in front of them. I'm not Howard. I don't want them to see me like this. They're not home, are they? James is so young and he won't understand, just like I didn't understand when I was five and my father hit me for the first time."
“Welcome home, Nat,” Steve whispered to her, rubbing her back and kissing her forehead.
"See, that's the thing, Tony," Jane said, getting excited. "You don't know me in that world of yours, do you? The one where you're married to Steve?"
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
"Yes, because we're married," he confirmed, avoiding eye contact with Steve. "And also because I'm gay."
“That’s….that’s not good,” Natasha swallowed.
“He used Loki to try and take over Earth so he could search for the stones,” Steve also informed them.
"Nat!"
Steve smiled sadly. “No,” he said. “But I think I found the reason for all of this switching between universes. I think someone is screwing with all of us. In my universe, my Bucky fell from a train, which caused his left arm to be amputated. He woke up without any of his memories. I think our lives are bleeding into each other, and that once we stop the thing switching us into different universes, things will go back to being normal.”
“Got it,” she said.
“Even I make mistakes sometimes.”
Natasha chewed on her lower lip. “I screwed up, Dad.”
“In bed,” he said. “Trying not to worry about my daughter.”
Natasha hit his arm playfully. "They know your name. And that you're Catholic. And we're not having sex."
Natasha's got her own complicated history with her biological parents. Her own dads wouldn't really talk to her about it every time she asked, but she could see the hesitance in their glances when she brought them up, and knew it had to have been bad. She'd been trying to brush up on her native tongue so she could travel to Russia when she graduated and look up her parent's files.
"I don't think there's anything left to really tell you all. Just that I really liked that world, and I really want to get back to it. I'm just not the kind of person who could handle living in a world full of superheroes, you know?"
“I have the mind stone,” Vision said. “It is the stone from Loki’s sceptre that he used to mind control everyone when attempting to take over Earth.”
"He's your boyfriend. I want to meet the guy my daughter spends her time...kissing."
Natasha laughed harder. “Sorry, but it’s true! You are.”
“I won’t challenge you for the throne. Asgard is yours. I’ve been spending more time on Earth with Jane and the Avengers, and it’s begun to feel like home.”
He didn't wake up in Steve's arms. He woke up, by himself, in his bedroom at this tower, in the world that was and wasn't his own simultaneously. He was homesick for something that probably never really existed at all. And didn't that fucking suck.
Steve stared back at him, surprised. “You’re gonna let me monitor your work?”
Sidenote: the colours associated with the infinity gems/stones vary from comic to comic and are also different in the MCU. In the comics, it’s more common that the reality stone is yellow, however in MCU it’s the red stone (aka the Aether). This means that logically the reality stone should be the one in Knowhere with the Collector, but as I gave the reality stone to Tony & Co. and since at the time of writing this no one knew where the last stone was, I made the last stone be the one Thor gave to the Collector. And on a further note, I didn’t include Dr Strange or the Guardians in this story, so one of these stones is collected by the Avengers and another is collected by Thanos. So don’t hate me because details are inconsistent. Or that I use gem and stone interchangeably because I still have no conceivable idea why MCU felt the need to change it from gem to stone.
Natasha took a deep breath and looked at herself in the mirror. She looked...kind of hot. Clint called her mature looking, and she guessed that was true. She traded in her usual look of crop top and high waisted jeans for a silk blouse and a pencil skirt and heels. Her normally straight hair was curled in beach waves that framed her face. She tucked the hair behind her ears. She had been letting it grow out for the past few months.
The other Avengers nodded and got up to get their things ready.
“Yes, sir,” Clint repeated.
“I’m ready,” she said, even though she didn’t think she truly ever would be.
Tony nodded. “Natasha was acting weird, too. And I was having memories of conversations we’ve never had, about S.H.I.E.L.D. and missions and things I know nothing about.”
“So, he’ll die, Tony. Don’t you think that matters?”
"Uh, whatever you guys are having. I don't care." She still had the phone to her ear.
Loki turned to assess him. “There is the time stone; it can affect time. The legends explained that you can go forward or back in time, or bring things to different places in time. One stone allows you to travel through space. Another gives you physical power. Another can preserve your soul after death. Another can grant telepathy, while the last one can give one access to the multiverse.”
“Are you all
“Listen, my dad’s gonna hire a lawyer. I found out Pierce isn’t who we thought he was. He’s not one of the good guys.”
“Sort of? Your dads wouldn’t tell us anything that was going on. We thought you were dead. Your boyfriend almost broke my nose when he punched me.”
“That sounds super exciting. I’m happy for you. And Steve?”
"Tasha? You okay?"
"Wait, what do you mean, another consciousness?" Tony asked. His mind felt like it was wrapped in cotton. He couldn't think straight, couldn't remember what was going on or where he was supposed to be. His daughter was doing something dangerous tonight. Only he remembered that she wasn't his daughter, not really. He couldn't understand what was going in.
Steve was home now instead of Tony, and Steve had made her waffles with chocolate chips in the batter. When he saw her make her way to the island, he put a couple waffles on a plate for her and pushed the maple syrup her way.
“All in favour?” Tony asked. The rest of the Avengers agreed.
"As long as her mom knows where she is."
It was like a tingling feeling and then it was like waking up from a fog, in a strange kitchen in a house he didn’t recognise instinctively, but still knew all the same. Steve stared at the yellow stone in his hand, and then shoved it into the front pocket of his jeans.
“We have one on Earth,” Steve said. “Vision, this other robot Tony created, he has the stone from Loki’s sceptre in his forehead, powering him. The others could be in space somewhere. I’m sure Thor would know.”
"It's nice to finally meet you, Matt. I'm Steve," her father said.
Tony huffed. “Yeah, but he also annoys the living crap out of me. He acts like he’s some boy scout, that he has some kind of moral high ground over the rest of us. It’s like no matter what I do, he’s not going to like any decision I make because it’s not the way he would have done it.”
“The beginning of Vision’s distraction,” Tony told him. “We can still use that as a cover for me to fly you up to him and attack. We do everything the same way. Steve attacking, Wanda controlling him, me chopping of his hand, Thor destroying the gauntlet. Understand?”
Current Whereabouts: Kolkata, India
Steve tensed slightly, and then tried to force himself to relax, as he saw Loki walk out from the back. This Loki wasn’t so different from his own: same long, greasy black hair, same facial expressions, same dark style of clothing. He didn’t look manic or evil the way he had during the Battle of New York, though. He just looked like one of those band members who played emo music that Wanda liked to torture everyone with loudly at four AM.
Tony grimaced, and flipped open his face plate. Steve could see tear tracks on his cheeks. It seemed Tony Stark really did have a heart after all.
Steve’s eyes drifted to the hospital bed where Bucky was lying. “Is he going to be okay?” he asked.
Thor was all smiles. “Young love!” he sighed. “I am very glad they have found each other.”
Five minutes later Karen was at the door and they both grabbed pizza before heading back up into their room to talk about whatever they had been talking about on the phone. Tony couldn't keep up anymore. His teenager was confusing.
“In my world, Buck fell from a train during World War II and lost his arm. He had some brain damage as well, lost some of his memories. My world is bleeding into yours. I’m so sorry.”
Natasha's eyes turned stormy. "How do you know that name?" she asked, her voice low and dangerous.
Tony sighed. "Yeah, but she's not the same. She's...unstable at best right now, really. It's gonna take a lot of work to make me like her. What's up with you and your merry band of new Avengers?"
universe where he didn’t have FRIDAY or any of his Iron Man suits? How was he going to shield the universe from this kind of shit?
“Not that long ago I didn’t have any friends apart from Clint. It was just us; he was the only person I let past my defences besides my parents. And I was really sad, and really lonely, and I spent my time playing video games instead of exploring the world. And my dads sat me down, and we had a heart to heart, and the other you said the same thing to me. And now I have Clint, and I have my other friends, and I have my boyfriend. And all of us are a little weird and a little broken, but we’re kindred spirits. We get each other in a way that’s comforting. And we don’t always have to like each other or the decisions we make, but at the end of the day we’re always there for each other. And now I don’t know what I’d do without them. You deserve a chance to find that for yourself, Tony. Everyone deserves people they can be real with. And I don’t think the Avengers would be here if they didn’t want the same thing.”
“I hope so, Ms. Stark-Rogers,” it answered back.
Thor frowned. “Yes. That makes sense. My brother fell from the Bifrost into the void. He must have met Thanos there. He tricked or brainwashed my brother into doing his bidding.”
Childhood: Thor grew up very loved and respected in Asgard, as a prince who would someday take the throne. He and his friends in the palace of Asgard went on many adventures and were never left wanting.
"Will you teach me how to draw pretty?"
Steve glared at her, not amused. "Natasha," he said.
(solnyshko)," she said. "What'cha doin' in pre-school today?"
"Absolutely."
“You’re fucking kidding me. He’s a five year old kid. Who the hell runs over little five year old innocent, adorable kids?”
“You’re alive,” Steve said, stunned.
“It’s worth a try,” Tony said. “Agreed?”
He heard Natasha's chair scrape from behind him and her soft feet padding over near him. She let out a soft sigh as she approached, but she didn't touch Tony. Tony didn't like to be touched. Or handed things. But that was a whole different story that had nothing to do with this universe he was stuck in.
"And you and Clint are friends?"
Tony groaned and looked at the clock on his bedside table. It was 7am Thursday morning. He had to make sure his kids ate their breakfast before he dropped Nat off at her high school and drove Bucky to pre-k for a few hours. "Okay, kiddo," he said. "Why don't you go get dressed and I'll make you pancakes before school?"
He breathed a sigh of relief. "Good. Because I would hate for movies to be different. It would be tragic if
“Oh, yeah. He’s an art dealer.”
“Back at ya, Natasha Stark-Rogers.”
"What? No, Daddy. He'd kill himself before he did drugs. God, he's so squeaky clean you'd be impressed I managed to find someone who's not an asshole, despite everything."
“Great. Now that they’re gone, how close are you on getting that stone out of Vision’s head?” Tony asked, addressing Wanda.
"Nat, dinner!" he yelled.
The older Natasha narrowed her eyes at Tony. “Call me Redhead again and I will decapitate you in your sleep.”
“Then there’s one in Vision’s head,” Tony supplied. “That’s three out of six.”
But there was no other explanation for why all of his stuff would be missing, why his lab looked like his lab, but didn’t have the same technology he’d become accustomed to. Really, what the hell was going on? Was he hallucinating? He’d had some to drink last night, but he didn’t think he’d drunk enough for this.
“Maybe if he didn’t already have a stone. We don’t know which stone he has. We have the reality stone, but we don’t know which other stone does what. Maybe if we figure that out…”
“Hi, Daddy.”
“And what about us? What if wielding these powers makes us all power hungry? What if we don’t want to give up the stones after Thanos is defeated? Then what?”
“I don’t care how much time you’ve had with that stone, we’ll still manage to beat you,” Wanda sneered at him. Thanos detecting the slightest of an Eastern European accent in her voice. Interesting.
"Well, you always got me," he said.
They headed out of the hospital room to the activity room designed for the longterm patients. Bucky’s eyes lit up when he saw his big sister.
“Hmm,” Thanos said. “I don’t think you really do. Despite the fact that I
He took a few moments to focus his mind, gain purchase of who he was, details he remembered, and ground himself in reality. When he stopped hyperventilating, he remembered the voice, felt hands pushing his hair away from his eyes, stroking it, and whispering to him. He looked up at the voice, in a daze at the blond hair and deep blue eyes, like every fantasy of his had just come true. "Steve?" he murmured.
“Can I go?” he asked.
“Come on, then.”
Steve nodded. “So let’s do this.” He held up his shield, bracing himself as Tony started to fly them back down at an alarming speed. Then he just launched Steve at Thanos, his shield hitting the alien square in his face. Steve kicked his feet straight into Thanos’s chest as he did so, earning a small grunt from him. Steve went into a frenzy then, not stopping to think about anything other than the task at hand. He wrapped his legs tightly around Thanos’s torso as he bucked and tried to fling Steve off of him. He held steadfast though, and kept bringing his shield down on Thanos’s face over and over again, letting go of the rage and directing it towards taking down their enemy.
Tony nodded. No news was good news, he guessed. “Thanks.”
"What, I can't tell you good luck?"
“You did. Or, the other you.”
Steve didn’t know
He took the yellow stone out from his pocket again, rolling it between his fingers. He kept a steady mantra in his mind, pleading for the universe to send him back to his world, to let him explain to the others what they were up against.
“Oh, that’s all, is it? There’s no hidden catch to any of this, is there,
“Crazy,” Natasha agreed.
“Sort of,” Thanos said.
“I need to think,” Matt said. He grabbed his cane and walked out of the warehouse. Tony slunk more into the shadows, his brain trying to wrap around the information he’d received.
“Right. I’m gonna go get in position. I’ll be watching you from above, okay?”
“Pepper.”
you get so wise?”
"Unless you can remember what you were doing when you got sent to the other world?" Jane inserted.
Loki trained his eyes on the floor. “How do you know about that?”
Natasha scrunched up her nose. “Ew, you’re dating Pepper in some alternate world?”
at Peggy.
“With the soul stone. We go back in time before Thor destroys that soul stone, and use it to go into the soul world, talk to Natasha, and see what she wants.”
"Dad, it's not like Matt and I are fucking every five seconds."
He brought up the home screen and clicked into the files drive, searching for what he was looking for. He found a folder marked "Avengers Initiative" and started from there. The file was locked, of course. Why wouldn't it be? Tony was at a loss for a password since, hey, not his life here, so he just ran an algorithm to hack in (ha, hacking into his own files. He used to do that when he was 10 in order to improve his security system).
At least, that’s what he told himself as he worked on his project until his eyelids grew heavy from overwork and he fell asleep right there in his workshop.
"Oh. You mean Edwin Jarvis. No, unfortunately he passed away many years ago here on this world. What I meant was the artificial intelligence you created. You named him after your butler."
“Damn it,” Matt cursed. Clint raised his eyebrows. It was probably the first time he’d heard the other man curse. “Fisk? Are you kidding me, Tasha? He’ll kill you!”
“Huge accomplishment,” Natasha agreed. “Thanks for coming to visit me, like you said you would.”
He furrowed his eyebrows in confusion when his eyes landed on Steve. Steve was...buff? "Hmm," he mused. "Steve?"
Occupation:
"Yes, Mom," he muttered.
a fun experience.”
“Held in a separate safe place Heimdall and my mother chose where my father would not go searching for it. I do not think they accounted for someone else daring to search for it. Thanos must have gotten a hold of its location and used it for the stone he had already acquired.”
The Maximoff twins, Wanda and Pietro, grew up in a Romani household in Transia before their house caught fire and their family got caught in the flames. They were forced to move in with their ex-convict father, the infamous Erik Lehnsherr, and his daughter Lorna. Their accents and their Jewish/Roma heritage didn't win them any favours. Pietro hated his father and Wanda was mentally unstable but the nicest person you'd ever meet.
“Maybe we can find a way to stop Thanos without destroying the stones,” he said quietly. “We can’t destroy Vision’s stones, and, to be honest, we need this one to send Natasha home to her world.”
Ah, shoot. I realised I forgot to post the last chapter and the epilogue. My bad. It's up now. Months late. Sorry to anyone who actually read this garbage.
“Fuck,” Tony swore. “I’m in the wrong world. I’m not in the same place anymore, am I?”
“Baby Natasha? Really?” Natasha said. Her voice was wavering.
"Sorry. Emergency girl night with Karen. I didn't want to talk to you while I was drunk."
He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel about Loki maybe having something to do with all the shit they were going through now. Or that he was some kind of enemy in this superhero alternate dimension that this bulky Steve was from. And what the hell? How the hell did Skinny Steve, with a shitload of medical issues, somehow NOT have any medical issues and looked like he spent his whole life playing quarterback? He really didn’t like this other world. He wanted his back to normal and to forget that other world and other life existed.
Tony whistled. “Look at that bling!”
Thor opened his mouth to argue but the older Natasha deftly stepped in between them. “Okay boys, you can argue about this later. We need to focus on the mission at hand right now, and that’s stopping Thanos before he gets all these stones.”
The fire went out of Tony’s eyes. “Oh,” he said softly.
Well, that was part of it, Steve thought. But not the whole truth. He didn’t
Natasha’s friends weren’t exactly well off. I mean, they weren’t called the social outcasts for nothing. None of them had good lives. She figured if they took this job, their futures were all guaranteed. Then no one would have to worry about money. Plus, she was into to the whole super spy thing. She was good at it. Alexander Pierce told her so.
Clint was raised by carnies with his older brother after their parents died. He'd also lived on the streets for a few months before he was picked up by the police for petty theft and was put into foster care. He'd been deafened in an explosion and kept it a secret from everyone but a select few, because he hated feeling helpless.
"I'm sure, at least," Clint said. "So I exist, right? I'm still like a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and stuff?"
"Yes, sir. I grew up in a Catholic orphanage after my father died."
“Um, of course! He’d be an idiot if he said no.”
Steve had to hand it to this Natasha, she kind of knew Tony down to a T.
Matt laughed. "Go spend time with your friend. Pietro and I were having a good discussion yesterday we didn't get to finish."
“That’s offensive, Natasha! I’m offended!”
"So you're not...having sex?"
Something dawned on Tony then. "Oh, Thor!" he yelled.
Everyone stared in horror at the scene before them. They didn’t actually think Thanos had in in him. But with the death of Natasha, it only made them more determined to beat him. To kill him. To make him pay for the death of their teammate, their friend, their family. All bets were off, and there was no more playing nice. Not anymore.
The older Natasha hit Clint on the back of his head. “Be nice to me.”
“I don’t…” Tony wet his lips and swallowed. “Natasha, you’re not making any sense. Why are you so young? Where am I? Where are my suits? Where’s FRIDAY? Where’s Pepper?”
Once they entered the venue for the charity function, Natasha grabbed a flute of champagne from the tray and discreetly searched for Wesley. Once she spotted him, she nodded to Clint.
“Certainly, sir,” the AI said. “Patching through to Ms Stark-Rogers now.”
Steve perked up at the last one. “The multiverse? That’s access to all of reality? Different timelines and universes?”
“Ah, well, I built an AI and wired it into the mainframe. Where I go, she goes.”
She checked the clock on her nightstand. “We have about an hour.” She snuggled up against him in her bed (over the covers) and laced their fingers together. “So what did you think?” she asked.
“He has two adopted daughters, sir,” Vision said. “We can send a message to them and they can inform us of how to keep him subdued.”
Clint opened his mouth to speak, but all that came out were sobs.
"Well, yes," she said.
Natasha rolled her eyes. "Daddy..."
"Took your morning meeting with the board. They're deliberating on the new energy bill. Should come to a consensus around lunch time. I'm gonna need your approval and signature on the paperwork."
Tony shrugged again, this time at ease. "Okay," he said easily. "I'm sure I have a really good lawyer, anyway. Apparently I'm rich and everything, so..."
"Makes people less nervous around me," he said. "I want to make a good impression."
Loki raised an eyebrow. “All the more reason for me to work with Thanos.”
Something in Steve clicked and seemed to register there was someone else in the room besides Peggy and turned to assess Natasha. “Oh. Hi,” he said, holding out a hand for her to shake.
“Hold up, your evil murderous brother is controlling your home planet? After everything that he did?” Clint burst.
“Yeah…why?”
“Tony? Tony, come back to us,” a soft female voice said. It sounded tinny and faraway from Tony, and he wasn’t sure if he was dreaming the voice or if it was real. “Tony? Are you with us?” the voice asked.
“No problem. I’m hanging out tomorrow with him and Clint, if it’s cool.”
“Oh.”
“You think that will work?”
Steve though it was such a shame that all of the aliens, sans Thor it seemed, didn’t seem to have the best intentions. Bucky sometimes came home from work on the days when Steve was too sick to get out of bed and brought home whatever books he could afford at the time. Sometimes they were science fiction books written by Olaf Stapleton or the horror fiction of H.P. Lovecraft. Steve sort of guessed if Earth ever made contact with humans, it wouldn’t be as…bloody and violent as it was in reality. He thought after everything he’d seen in the war he would have been disillusioned by everyone in general, but he still had that optimism intact. He hated being proven wrong when it came to aliens wanting to take over their homeland. Earth was theirs to protect.
