But it wasn’t all sexy, good times, memories. It was also the place where he’d told Sam he’d been with a guy or two, (Sam had laughed it off and asked him if he was going to tell him he liked girls too, next); it was the place Dean considered his second home, where he slept, countless nights, after big fights with his dad, after botching a hunt and being scared to go home, or just when he wanted to have some privacy.
But Cas wasn’t having it. “He is dangerous, Dean. You have to be careful. He won’t let you free Michael if he can help it. It must happen as soon as possible.”
“Strange as in my husband got abducted by aliens and now he’s pregnant strange, or where is the rash in my underwear coming from, strange?” Dean asked while shoving a piece of toast he found on the counter in his mouth. Sam watched him judgingly.
Part of Dean didn’t want to expect anything from Cas, any response, good or bad. As long as he kept his expectations low, he wouldn’t get hurt. But another part of him felt like the words would tsunami out of him again, aching to be heard, to be answered, and that part of him felt uneasy, felt more upset with every second passing that Cas wouldn’t bring it up.
He needed to find the words -  the ones to tell him that every time he helped Cas, this voice in the back of his head - his dad’s voice -told him to get the fuck away from him, that he was being an idiot for trusting an angel - but they got stuck in his throat.
Dean’s mind raced with this new information, trying to recall every detail about the third man. He was tall and well built, but little to nothing else resonated. This guy just looked like a suburban dad who grilled on the weekends, nothing special about him. Dean didn’t know how to feel about this, for the longest time he’d just assumed most of what he felt about Castiel was just the logical effect of him being an actual
“No, of course not.” Uriel’s face displayed a nervous smile. “However they have found ways to keep us out of their walls for years. Not to mention that they’ve got Michael locked away in there somewhere.”
For the first time in weeks, Dean fell asleep without too much trouble. Sure he was on his fourth round of counting sheep (shut up) but this time the worry didn’t take over his brain. He felt relieved that he spent the rest of the night actually having a good time, without having to avoid Sam’s questions.
Tired of living so sheltered and always in the shadow of his father’s accomplishments, J. Barnes Jr. enlisted in the army, where the skills he’d learned in the city were useful and he felt needed. He made his way up and eventually into the green berets, where he ended up being Commander Barnes, only for a few months before he was dishonorably discharged for killing a fellow soldier (a vampire, but he was never able to tell anyone that small detail). When he came back to the city he was but a stranger to them. Even still, he worked his way to the top, never a helpful hand from his father, and became a strong pillar of the hunter community. When Barnes Sr. passed, there were important people who advised him to take charge, who saw him not only as a skilled hunter but a wise strategist and good-willed leader.
“Oh, I just needed to get my dad’s journal, he left it here by accident and he needs it in his hunt.” Dean knew this was a stupid excuse, Jonh would never have left it behind, and even if he did, he would have never sent Dean to get it.
His voice came, in a whisper, and Dean had no idea of what to say if the angel replied - he just wanted to hear his voice. “Hey Cas, are you awake?”
“Wait, I think I’ve got some spare clothes in the back of my car.” Dean walked to the back of the impala and opened her trunk, true to his word, a pile of spare clothes lay in the back.
As he ran through the gate he felt relieved and terrified at the same time. He wanted to run towards the sheltered trees but his legs gave out underneath him and he crashed into something, hard.
lock yourself out of your cabin last week?” He playfully punched him in the arm, but the man still looked at him inquisitively, clearly not finding this age remark funny, so Dean tried to answer his question. “A wraith, nasty things - he just wanted me to check some details on an old case, he thinks it may be the same monster.”
Once again Dean found himself surrounded by tall trees and still water. At first, he wasn’t sure if he was actually asleep, but the forest seemed too peaceful to be real.
“Is it not a little early for cake?” a somewhat scared look from Cas had him, honest to god, laughing. “What are you laughing at? Pan-cakes, it’s in the name, Dean.”
“Yeah, thanks Cas,” Dean replied dryly, his face too sore to raise his eyebrows at the angel. “Well, it’s what he does. It’s always been like this in our family,” he tried to sound angry, to sound anything but the way he sounded,
“Gabriel, then.” Gadreel suggested in spite of the shocked voices that ensued, the accusation of an archangel doing such a thing was heinous at the very least. “He has never been here except to defy our brother Metatron’s way, has he?”
At some point, Cas stopped running, leaving Dean to smash right into him, distracted, as he had just chosen that exact moment to look behind.
he grabbed the bag, against his body, making it stop and let himself slide down, until he was sitting on the floor, head between his knees, allowing his voice to crack as he let himself cry it out. -
Castiel felt his palms clammy and his chest fluttering as if something was trying to claw its way out.
“Gah- One of these days my heart is just gonna give out,” Dean muttered under his breath, his hand clutched at his chest. It might have been a good thing that he was slightly drunk, otherwise, he would have probably tucked tail and ran.
He looked over at Dean and a warm glow spread in his chest when he saw that he was smiling, and for a second, the night that started to fall upon them felt like no other night, far away from threats and obligations.
he’d just been. The aftershock left him in damn near shambles and he took the showerhead, and a handful of soap to clean off, the relief clearly not overshadowing the pounding of his heart at the thought that
So here they were, an angel and a human in a sex club, about to enter private room 11. If Dean wasn’t so uncomfortable, he would make a joke about this being an intro to bad porn, he could practically feel Sam’s aversion to this joke.
“You seem to really enjoy these burgers,” Castiel’s eyes narrowed slightly, a thing Dean recognized he did when he was thinking about something.
“Where are you going, Dean?” Don, an older hunter who guarded the most high-level zones,  looked at him with suspicion. He was about his dad’s age and he knew they weren’t friends exactly, but still, he had to be careful with what he’d say.
As always a huge shoutout to my biggest support on this fic, my beta Fred, without her I would probably still be stuck on chapter 7. Go show her some love on
“There has to be an entrance somewhere, right?” Dean said, as he looked to the ground. It was wet and muddy, and there were leaves and twigs covering every inch of the ground. They made circles in a counter-clockwise direction, getting further and further away from each other. Dean strutted, banging his foot every step, hearing for anything that sounded like--
“My name.” The angel said. “That is all I can tell you.” Never had Dean seen a supernatural being look insecure, yet there was something about the look on the angel’s face.
“You have doubts about my approach,” it wasn’t a question and Metatron didn’t appear phased by his fellow angel’s criticism. “Of course we have been working on a plan, I have angels watching the city day and night. Isn’t that right Uriel?”
The night was running long and Dean was still exhausted. He hadn’t had a good night’s rest in at least a few days, and the previous night posed no exception. He leaned against the door frame of the bedroom, his shoulder against the wood, and stared at the bed pensively. The harder he wished to sleep, without the nightmares, the more confident he was in the fact that it probably wasn’t going to happen, and as tired as he was he really didn’t feel like putting himself through it again. He cursed the fact that he hadn’t brought a bottle of Jack to lull him into a dreamless slumber.
Dean, against the yearning to stay put, followed his better judgment and moved further back against the wall, distancing himself from the sleeping angel next to him - if he didn’t want to wake him, he should stop mouth-breathing all over him.
He had never seen the angel smile before and he had to admit it was strange but in a good way? Every time he discovered a new trace of emotion it was hard to remember that he was talking to a celestial being, who was supposed to be his sworn enemy.
“Yeah, okay, I can get my hands on a weapon.” Dean agreed. “Should be easy enough seeing as they want every able man and woman in there to be armed to their teeth.”
“Over my dead body, Cas. He’s gone, you on the other hand are still here. You heard him, someone has to step up and it’s gotta be you. How will you do that if you’re dead, huh?” He knew he was being way too harsh with him. Dean knew that if it were Sammy in that cave, he wouldn’t hesitate in going back, even if it meant going over Cas to do so.
And then, a noise. Dean’s eyes darted back to the blood dripping off of Gabriel. Fresh wounds. “Cas we need to go,” he whispered. “we’re not alone.” It was obvious now, how easy it had been to track him down, why the blood was still so bright. Someone had just been here before them, and whoever it was, was probably waiting to jump on them. It was a setup.
But more than that, he liked Cas - he enjoyed his company more than he let him know because, in reality, Dean didn’t have that many friends -
“You’re very observant,” Curt nodded, “but yes your city has been planning a negotiation with the angels.”
loud sound of their fingers brushing together as their bodies moved, way too close than was really necessary. Castiel knew it wasn’t logical for brushing of skin against the skin to make any sort of perceptible sound,
He swiftly opened the door, trying to make as little sound as possible, and let go of Dean’s shoulder as he stepped inside, feeling Dean walk into the room after him. One, however, could hardly call it a room; it was a closet and Cas realized this too late, because he crashed into a few of the cleaning supplies that were stored in a vertical shelf cabinet, and Dean couldn’t help but crash right into
Dean took a long sip of his beer, he knew the answer to Jo’s question, there was only one thing he could do, but actually saying it out loud made his stomach do that weird flip thing that was getting way too frequent.
The time he’d spent avoiding Cas, and avoiding calling him after they met at the warehouse, had been the most excruciatingly slow time to pass, the days dragged along and he had come to the realization of how much he’d gotten used to Cas’ presence and friendship. Sam teased him endlessly, and kept telling him he was a dumbass for not talking to Cas, and in this moment, he was starting to give him credit where credit was due.
“That being said,” Curt continued, “all the other angels are trained soldiers, meant to follow a powerful leader into battle. They’re not made to think on their own, they don’t experience emotions like humans so they can be absolutely relentless.”
“And what if I can’t?” Cas said almost inaudibly, and there was something in his eyes that Dean couldn’t quite place. “Heal you, I mean.”
Dean’s right hand tightened the grip on his demon knife, the holy water in his hand felt as useful as a stick of butter in a gunfight.
Easier said than done. His blood boiled, rising behind his neck, turning his cheeks a crimson color no poker face could save.
“So, you’ve probably put two and two together by now, but I think I know what was in those boxes in the warehouse...” Dean said as he put deodorant on.
The water was definitely helping, and he finally felt himself get more relaxed. It didn’t take a brainiac to figure out all this emotional outburst, which wasn’t all that usual for him, was partly due to the lack of sleep and incidents intense enough to bulldoze the psyche of even the strongest hunters out there.
Dean took a sip of his beer and looked to the other end of the table, where the ‘adults’ were discussing the meeting in hushed voices. Dean rolled his eyes, it was ridiculous to him that the meetings could only be attended by the older and higher ranked hunters. If the city was in danger they needed every hunter to be on the lookout for signs of an attack.
“It’s a metaphor, Cas” Dean sighed, Cas wasn’t the most pop-culture savvy and it was absolutely endearing to him. “Anyway, I believe I’ve earned my shot at a question, don’t you think?”
They ran, Dean, looking back every five seconds, to check if Castiel was at his heel. At a distance, angels ran behind them, all of them blade in hand. The next time Dean checked to see if Cas was still running, he wasn’t.
“So, just run to where there’s no more warding and you can zap us out of here?” Dean finished for him, following the same train of thought.
Half hours turned into full hours, and Castiel sat, waiting. He’d lose himself in thoughts, going over the same things again and again - the fight, the drunken accident, the plan. In fact,  Gabriel’s plan seemed more ridiculous by the second, Dean would never agree to what they were going to ask of him. While this was the inescapable truth hanging above their heads, Castiel couldn’t give up without trying, he
Castiel nodded in confirmation of Dean’s description, and they looked around. There was nothing that indicated that any sort of food had been there, no splotches, no spills, nothing. It was just a storage unit, there were empty cardboard boxes of all shapes and sizes, most of them empty and some of them looking like they’d been forgotten there, all but one.
He wasn’t sure what he just did, but Dean was pretty certain that while slipping the angel’s name into his thoughts, he’d actually prayed to him. That was kind of how praying to Cas worked,
Castiel stood facing the shelves that held all the supplies he’d just knocked over and hoped to God no one had heard it outside.
“Cas,” Dean greeted him casually, though, from the corner of his eye, Castiel could tell the hunter’s eyes didn’t seem to search for him either, and he tried to ignore the feeling on his stomach. “You got my note.”
At the back of the bar, someone was taking note of all the commotion. His shoulder was leaning casually against the wall. He watched as an angry Bobby Singer stormed through the crowd and out of the door. But he didn't join in with the gossiping crowd as the door fell closed again. No, he thoughtfully sipped his beer while his mind wandered off to an old memory. A memory of something that happened nearly 15 years ago.
“Smell what?” He’d been too busy trying to check all the cardboard boxes for any clue to have smelled anything but the moldy storage room, but now as Cas pointed it out, he definitely felt something, something way out of place.
“Last time when I healed you, my grace wasn’t strong enough after fighting off the pack of werewolves. But I could fully heal you now. If you’d let me.”
. And we do some cool stuff, he taught me all about constellations and stuff, and he tells great stories about all the places he’s been overseas…” Sam stayed silent, and it was purposeful, he was nodding along, waiting for Dean to give him something to work with. And he fell right into it, distracted by
It was pitch black outside by the time Dean couldn’t keep his eyes open anymore and had to try his hardest not to fall asleep, fighting his heavy eyelids. Cas was going on about something Dean was really trying to focus on, but he had no clue what continent he was even talking about, much less the time period, but he nodded along anyway - Cas’ voice was way better to drift off to, than Sam’s
, but not cold, never cold. He thought back a few hours, to when he’d said it - he just couldn’t have helped it, looking at Cas looking at the stars, a smile on his lips and
Dean had to take a second to process this, sure he’d wondered why this particular angel had taken an interest in him, but it had never occurred to him that it had been because of a mission from Heaven. "You were on a mission the night you healed me from those werewolves?”
Dean had countered all of their arguments, but he was sure they were right. He just didn’t want to drag Bobby into something that could ruin him.
When they reached the trucks Cas took a peek inside and realized they were already empty, whatever it was that had been in them had already been moved inside. Dean came to the same conclusion and nodded to Cas for them to walk inside the warehouse, hands signaling for Cas to go in front of him, that he would cover him.  It was easy enough for Castiel to understand what Dean meant, marine corps, navy seals, green berets, they all used the same kind of tactical hand signals when in a situation where they couldn’t speak. He wondered for a moment where Dean had learned to do this until he remembered Dean had told him John Winchester had been a marine. As he followed Dean’s command, his mind drifted to the notion that Dean had been raised into this, much like him.
“Hey!” Dean screamed in anger. “Let him go you son of a bitch!” He didn’t hesitate for another moment, black eyes met his seconds before Dean lunged forward. The knife pierced the demon’s skin before it could react, it convulsed violently before it fell at the brothers’ feet.
He had to see Castiel again. This need burned through his entire being, this uncontrollable desire to be next to him, disguised as what Dean could only admit was the rational thought that he just needed to do that to convince himself that nothing was going on. If he could just see Cas, he could convince himself there was nothing there, that this was merely a sick joke on his own mind.
“Alright, I will tell you, but I need you to do something for me.” Castiel looked as unsure of his words as ever, and he refused to look Dean in the eye.
“Ah,” Dean nodded. “That's why you looked more constipated than Sam after he went gluten-free for three weeks?” He chucked at what was probably an inside joke.
Dean looked around the table, surprised to find any tension between Bobby and Ellen. She did not seem amused, whatsoever but she didn’t say anything else. Jo had her eyebrows raised, looking at her mother, almost like telling her to calm down. Sam was basically making love to his plate, and John was quiet, a little too quiet perhaps but Dean would be the last to complain.
The empty boxes had clearly been recently unpacked, they didn’t even bother to toss them away yet, whatever had been inside, couldn’t be very far away.
Dean shook his head while he tried to hurry his fingers along the locked cabinet in his dad’s office. He’d waited until everyone had gone home, to sneak in and try to get some of the information he’d told Cas he’d try to find out. High up on his list was understanding what the hell his dad had to do with some angel, followed closely by what the hell had been in those boxes and why they’d taken them out in the middle of the night. It was all extremely shady and there was only one way to find out what was going on.
When Dean got to Bobby’s cabin it was close to midnight, and he was ready to drop dead and sleep for a week straight. Even though Cas had healed his wounds, his muscles were still sore and his body felt like he’d been running marathons. Despite the few hours of sleep he got last night, he felt like he’d been awake for an entire month, and the bags under his eyes seemed to confirm this feeling.
“Bye, Jo,” Dean said dryly. He turned back to his car, a black ‘67 Chevy Impala that had been passed down by his father when Dean turned 23.
“Or, we could just talk about it, you know, like normal people,” Sam pushed carefully. “Dean, even you need to vent at some point, it’s not healthy to keep pushing everything down.”
there is a record of him flying to Chile, and staying for a week. He landed in Santiago, which is the capital, and the largest city, so we’re guessing that’s where he got his footing, and because it’s the biggest city, he might’ve hidden it in there, somewhere. We have a name,” Sam scrunched his lips to the side, in a thinking mannerism he always had “it was scribbled in the files, in pencil. It isn’t much but that’s all we’ve got.”
“I was starting to think you’d be a no-show,” Dean grinned, fidgeting with the label on one of the beers with his thumb. His eyes drew to them, remembering they were there “Oh, I brought this for you.”
Dean felt his blood heat inside him, his fists clenching, getting irrationally angry at the whole logic. “No, we’re not doing this.”
“When Mary died, you two became my responsibility, I’ve spent my whole life so far dedicated to protecting you. Making sure you were safe was my number one job. But, keeping you from having a normal life, that was a selfish act, from a man afraid to lose anything else.”
“As I have tried telling your father multiple times, in between all the carving he seems to enjoy so much, I don’t have any say in what happened in Heaven after my disappearance, but the simple fact that I am yet not rescued, tells me a certain shift in politics has occurred.” His voice was louder now, Dean could tell he was getting at least a little worked up. “I am deliberately being kept here, imprisoned, while they work on bigger plans. Don’t you see I have no part in this?” His eyes, locked with Dean’s for the first time, staring intensely at Dean, waiting for something on his behalf - sympathy?
When everything was ready, and the dusk of dawn started clearing the storm away, Cas stood in front of Dean.
Dean was, and how much he was trying to ward himself from Castiel’s gaze, which made him feel like he was definitely prying. That’s something he felt, regularly, that he let his eyes study Dean’s body when he was not paying attention - how sometimes his shirt was tucked in just below his elbows, and his veins popped out, the way he passed his tongue through his bottom lip, distractedly, or in the rare occasions where he could see more skin, that’s when Castiel felt the most devious when his gaze wandered through the muscles and freckles across Dean’s back, and wistfully followed along as his hands unbuckled his belt - point being, there were moments when Castiel felt like he wasn’t as reverent as he should be when it came to Dean.
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” Dean smiled, his hand still shaking Gabriel’s - Castiel wondered if it was customary to shake hands for so long, he didn’t think so.
"I assume you’ve heard about the whole negotiation?" Dean got out, glad he actually thought of something to talk about.
“I was thinking more along the lines of mini-golf or something” Dean tried to avoid the question, he didn’t need to give Cas a picture of him in a bubble bath. “But yeah man why not, you should totally try a bubble bath.”
“Yes, it is awfully ironic, isn’t it?” Metatron smiled, apparently ignoring every one of Joshua’s provocations.
Cas had zapped away, almost as soon as he’d left Dean back at the cabin. He’d been all urgency and grief over having left Gabriel, and Dean could understand that. Castiel had gone to gather Gabriel’s army, with a sense of responsibility, rather than of power. Dean could see it in the way he moved like he was trying to make himself smaller than he was, like he didn’t want to lead anyone.
“Not that long of a version, Jo, get to the point.” Dean rolled his eyes, eager to move the conversation along.
He figured he’d just follow along with Dean’s actions, waiting for some sort of sign of what he wanted from him. It was starting to get hard to
This had to be his cue. He quickly opened the door, Castiel was crouched next to Sam who looked to be asleep.
this wasn’t supposed to happen. As Dean pressed his hand against the bleeding wound, he desperately looked around for help, but there was no one. His mind was racing, Bobby was probably an hour away by now and they had left their phones in the car anyway.
“Are you listening to me? Earth to Cas, we have to go!” He didn’t mean to sound panicked, he really didn’t, but he just had this gut feeling that things were about to go south. And Cas didn’t seem to care.
“Yes, we can’t be sure of course, but we have our suspicions. We are trying to gather more angels who also disagree with Metatron’s regime.”
He made his way through the hallway that led to the elevator, getting a few weird looks here and there. He was about to pass behind Rufus and decided to greet him.
How two people declaring their love for each other could be so ill-fated, he didn’t know, but the whole thing felt inevitably tragic, Dean thought.
“Dean,” his dad’s voice jolted him awake, an electric current buzzing through his veins, sending a weird fight-or-flight signal to his brain. John’s voice wasn’t harsh, though, and as Dean propped himself up to face his dad, he thought he could see a faint smile, it was quick, and then it was gone.
He weighed all these considerations, eyes still closed, wondering if Dean would say anything so that he wouldn’t have to.
“It’s heavily warded,” Cas told him and Gabriel. “It’s powerful enough to keep an archangel powerless, there is no way I can break these.” He was angry, grabbing the bars and shaking them in despair, not minding how his palms sizzled at the touch. The smell of burnt flesh, much like the smell of burnt pork, was filling Dean’s nostrils.
Cas coughed and looked up at the sky, clearly eager to change the subject - this seemed like a common practice between them, which didn’t bode well.
Sam was fully dressed to go train. Even though it was freezing cold outside, he was in nothing but training shorts and a t-shirt. Dean knew Sam was right, plus he hadn’t trained in a while, so the idea of spending quality time with his little brother was welcome, even if it was, potentially, getting his ass kicked.
“We’d better ask around for any witnesses when we get there.” Sam tucked his pistol into the back of his belt.
It was a fond memory for him, and one of the first moments he’d felt like the electricity between the hunter and himself could be more than just a physical response to arousal. He’d talked Dean through the constellations (even though he was almost sure he wasn’t paying attention), and he’d done something completely careless and unreasonable - if any of his brothers and sisters caught wind of it, he would never hear the end of it -
The hours after the fight dragged along painfully slow. The Winchester boys sat around for a while, making small talk, avoiding addressing the situation, before the elephant in the room became so suffocating, they had nothing to say anymore.
It was just the two of them, standing so close, Dean’s eyes fell to Castiel’s mouth, his lips, just inches away and electricity ran through him. Giving up any discretion he held on to, Dean caved in some more, but this time on purpose, though Cas wasn’t able to tell the difference, the back of his shirt lifting, not so, accidentally, making it so that Cas’ fingers brushed directly on his naked back.
“No, we know.” Jo intervened, with a deep sigh. “It was in the file Curt left behind. They took it from him, with a very medieval-looking technique Curtis taught them himself, and stashed it into a glass container.”
“What do you mean, we’re here? This looks exactly the same as everywhere else we’ve passed through.”
Dean’s eyes widened at the information, how did one random middle-aged guy know all this? Then again, he was probably just a very dedicated scholar.
The blasphemy caught Michael’s attention, and he stared at Dean, almost as if he was deciding if he was worthy of this knowledge.
“I’ve healed enough wounds on the battlefield, this doesn’t phase me,” Castiel said stoically as he moved closer.
The jeans were just slightly too long on him, but the white shirt fit tight around his chest. Dean smiled proudly,
but this was definitely not the time - Cas’ brothers and sisters had just been outright murdered, by his people, and he didn’t want to add any more to the mess, it was complicated enough as this weird, tense, friendship they had going. So he would just have to
“As most of you will know, we have invited Curt Hunter to join our meeting today. I expect you all to treat him with respect. After all, he was kind enough to pass on his knowledge on angel warding.” Barnes opened the meeting.
Cas just stared at him, tilting his head in that way Dean had gotten so used to, that Dean had come to find it so
They finally got to the car and Dean slowly lowered Sam onto the back seat of the Impala. Luckily the car park was nearly empty and there were no prying eyes to watch Dean as he cursed under his breath. He was leaning against the hood of his car, trying to block out the pain by taking slow and deep breaths, something Bobby had once taught him. Though the skin around the wound on Dean’s leg had closed up, the area around it felt tight and swollen. His muscles weren’t nearly as strong as they were before his run-in with the werewolves and it annoyed the shit out of him. He used to be one of the better hunters (
“Jesus boys, how many times have I told you to not lay around like this.” And the good mood lasted a whole of five seconds. Dean ignored the way his dad directed the words towards both of them, he was used to it by now. “Sam, you should get dressed,” John ordered. “I actually need your help with something.”
“When your mother-” a pause. There was always a pause there, “-died,” he forced himself to say it. “I was a mess. I was barely older than you and I had no idea what I was doing.” This was a first. His dad had never, in his life, told him anything about how he felt after Mary’s death. Now he kinda wished Sam was here to witness it.
Dean knew, though, that time was a luxury they couldn’t afford. There was no waiting, no hanging around, there was no time to process or to answer, or to reject, or to make a move. This wasn’t a romantic comedy. In fact, this was looking more and more like an
Cas nodded along, but his face betrayed that he wanted to ask something else. Dean raised his eyebrows letting him know he could.
“But they did come after me, though.” Dean had to grip the edge of the couch to keep himself steady. “And I made it out.”
“I’m peachy,” he caught a side-eye from Jo, strong enough to make him feel somewhat bad for lying to her, “been better, actually.”
Dean obliged, knowing how bright Castiel’s grace would light up the cabin in a few seconds. It was a good thing that it wasn’t dark yet outside, because the less attention they drew to themselves the better.
“I took the necessary precautions, but we can’t be sure. It won’t really matter though, I’m not staying long and neither are you. Dean, I came here once again to ask for your help.” The urgency in Cas’s voice made Dean uneasy, he wasn’t used to hearing Cas sound so alarmed, out of his usual calm and steady self.
The muzzle blast echoed through the cave, and Gabriel shuddered at it. His clothes were torn and ugly gashes painted his skin, blood still oozing, and Dean was pretty sure it looked fresh.
The room was quiet, the heaviness in the air was near palpable, and stern faces around the marble table painted a picture of a grief unspoken. Angels filled their usual seats, and many more stood behind those sitting, the room at full capacity, with angels from all corners and positions of Heaven gathering to hear, to understand, to mourn their fallen brothers and sisters.
Sam was doing his best, but he didn’t even have the full story. This was way more complicated than Dean made it out to be. It wasn’t just a guy, and this wasn’t just about feeling rejected. Even though it was, a little. A lot maybe. Still, there were bigger issues at hand, and maybe this was fine, maybe it was for the best, just having some time apart. Dean could use some alone time, he was sure the way he felt toward Castiel was clouding his judgment, and he couldn't afford that, soon he’d have to make a decision that would alter the course of his life and he couldn’t afford to be biased.
He spent the whole drive back in silence, his knuckles white on the steering wheel. He didn’t have any reason to be angry with Cas,
“What did he want to know?” The way this supposed leader of angels spoke of his father made Dean believe him more by the second, the way Michael was describing John’s frustration hit a little too close to home for someone who’d never experienced it first hand. Selling out his own son for results? While Dean didn’t want to believe it to be true, he actually wouldn’t put it past his dad.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat at the mention of angels. It was the first time his dad had them get involved in this, which was normally a big no-go. What was going on?
“This isn’t up for discussion, Dean. You’re not seeing her again, unless you think it’s worth putting us all in danger, putting Sammy in danger!”
This is where Castiel drew the line, this is where he had to intervene. “What?” All four eyes turned to face him, “You are contemplating betraying your city, your family, freeing a war prisoner, all because you feel you are on the wrong side of this war, you’re doing this out of justice, from the pointer of your unbreakable moral compass, Dean. There is no one more righteous than you.”
“Fuck- goddamnit,” Dean cursed as he hit the ground, Castiel tried to stiffen a laugh at the discomposure before him, when he caught a glimpse of Dean’s grimace. He was actually in pain.
Dean inhaled his beer, the liquid slipping down the wrong pipe. Gasping for air he looked around to make sure nobody else had heard what Castiel just said.
“Yeah, sure, I’m sure you’re not just trying to hide your boyfriend from us now that we know the truth.” Jo joked as she made her way to the truck.
Now, Dean could actually feel Cas’s breath on his neck and a treacherous shiver crept down his spine, goosebumps spreading all over his skin. It took all of his willpower and breathing exercises to not jump out of the broom closet right then and there.
Metatron continued as if she hadn’t spoken, “Now it would not be right to let this wrongdoing go unpunished, we did lose six of our beloved brothers and sisters, after all. But if we want to attain justice, we have to do it the right way. What would our Father say if we simply annihilated an entire human city for our own benefit?”
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean yelled at him, indecisive as to whether he should keep going or go back to retrieve Cas, who was about 6 feet behind him, standing next to a tree, his hand bloodied, while the angels gained in on them.
“We should go,” this isn’t what he’d wanted to say. He didn’t mean to slip his hand from under Castiel’s. He didn’t want to go. But it wasn’t a conversation he was ready to have, the idea of feeling rejected entirely was not something he was looking forward to.
, his mind drifted to what Sam would say if he saw him like this, getting stood up, most likely, he would never hear the end of it.
They stayed quiet for a while, Dean didn’t want to talk about something else, so no other answer could ruin the one he’d just gotten. The gap between them was enough that they weren’t touching, but their fingers were close enough that if he puffed his chest, it would probably graze Cas’s. He wanted to reach out, wanted to feel the warmth and comfort of the angel’s hand in his, but his conscience stopped him.
“Yeah that’s easy for you to say, you’re his brother,” Dean raised his voice, and laughed nervously, “but
Silence set in as Dean tried out some muscles, in amazement of how his body felt totally fine when just seconds ago he was looking like he’d gone three rounds with Godzilla.
“Either he wants to attack your city to free Michael, or he wants to destroy your city without freeing Michael so that he’ll be in charge permanently.”
Castiel made his way, down the marbled corridor once again. This time, though, he walked with the heavy burden of Metatron’s words. An unsettling feeling rested in the low of his gut, as he was pretty sure Metatron questioned his allegiance. And he could very well be playing him, and that wouldn’t end well. He made a mental note of meeting with Gabriel to report the new turn of events to him.
“Someone needs to break our brother out, so he can fulfill his end of the prophecy. But angels cannot enter the city walls, neither are they ‘men’ to begin with. It could be someone else, but from where I’m standing, it feels as though much larger forces have been at play to bring you to where you are now - a human, shaking up with an angel, loyalties shifting, right in the middle of the storm - would be difficult to believe ‘Joe Smith’ from SoCal is the righteous man, when I’m staring right at you.”
“So apparently angels and hunters even struck a deal at one point, since they were both after the same thing, keeping people safe.”
“I want to show you something,” Metatron stood up from where he sat across from him and grabbed the blade, balancing it in between his fingers.
Dean spent the rest of the afternoon, and early evening studying the blueprints Sam had left him. If they got Michael’s grace anytime soon, he’d have to know his way in, by heart.
Silence fell heavy as Barnes took a breath and then, a small laugh. He stepped closer towards the angels, who all seemed to be completely unfazed by the approach, they had very little to lose after all.
When Dean opened the door it was everything he had expected it to be. A large leather couch framed three of the velvet-covered walls and in the middle was another pole. The ceiling was decorated with large mirrors and a disco ball, and the lighting made the room glow red, Dean smirked at the sight.
“Dean, are you alright? What happened?” Cas’s voice broke Dean of his thoughts. As he’d worried, he had in fact accidentally called out to Cas. That had to be why he was there,
“What I - what we want to know, brother, is what is actively being done to free our leader?” Joshua gave Metatron an opening to answer, and when he stayed silent he decided to continue “Some of us feel that your, or heaven’s main priority doesn’t lie with freeing Michael from the city that has trapped him, you see? And we’ve got questions. Such as -” His voice had risen considerably, and his irritation grew with every second Metatron looked idly at him, looking completely unphased by these accusations “- how were they able to capture him in the first place, he is our leader and he is supposed to be one of the strongest among us. Humans have never been capable of fighting against us, we want to know how they’re doing it!”
Castiel babbled on, oblivious to Dean’s gaze and his captivation. The way Cas explained every detail to him, and told him about the constellations and the greek heroes that named them, and sometimes Dean would make some sort of sound in agreement, just to let him know he was paying attention - he could listen to Cas talk about the stars all night.
When they were younger these family dinners happened about once a week. Now that time was more scarce it happened more like once every six months. But Ellen had pushed and everyone knew better than to say no to her.
The violent scene and blood-filled air didn't stop the hunters from laughing together and praising one another, even as the rain poured and the sky seemed to rip apart with thunder and lightning.
The corners of Castiel’s mouth twitched and for a second Dean’s smile faltered, but then the angel nodded, and Dean let out a loud “I knew it!”.
The angel shuffled on his feet and Dean finally dared to look up, if he didn’t know any better he’d say the angel looked uncomfortable.
“They’re not gonna bite you,” Dean said as the angel had been staring at them for nearly a good minute.
“Cas, you can’t just run off on your own, there are hunters out there, who apparently know how to kill you, and believe me they want to.” Dean had lowered his voice, but the harsh tone was still there.
“Defiance, rebellion, call it whatever you’d like,” Metatron’s lips curled into a smile. “The point is, Joshua, I can't have that. I understand your loyalties lie with Michael, but see - ” He paused as if to build suspense “I can’t have that” His hand abruptly moved before Joshua could step back, and in a swift motion stabbed him in the chest.
She looked apologetic enough, which was useless now that she had already sold him out. This had been a calculated risk, Gabriel’s numbers needed an urgent boost, and he had firmly believed Adina would follow him. Being wrong had never come at such a high price.
Dean quickly stepped over the body, reaching for his younger brother who was now slumped against the wall. He knelt down next to Sam, who seemed to be unconscious.
“We’re still talking about Bobby freaking Singer here,” Jo said, "he loves you two more than he hates anything. And that’s saying something considering he hates plenty.” and Dean knew it was true. Still, he was hesitant. This had all been kept as his secret for the past months, and now, in less than a day’s worth of time, three people would be privy to all of it. What if Bobby thought he should’ve said something months ago? What if he was disappointed in him for siding with the angels, disappointed just like his dad would be. But what choice did he have?
“Not just shit,” Cas told him, simply. He wasn’t sure what he meant. He wanted to be sure. But he knew better, by now. “Just, a lot. An overflow of human emotions. And the furthest I stray from Heaven’s reach, the more I feel, and it’s-” he stopped, looking as if choosing his next words carefully. “-scary.”
dorkiest person I’ve ever met. There’s this way that he'll eat his burgers, kind of just shoving his entire face into them and he will always have these stains of mustard on his face for the rest of the day. Not to mention that one time he actually managed to turn a bubble bath into a safety hazard, which he then yelled at me for and-” he stopped talking, flustered at the memory of a very naked Cas climbing out of the bathtub.
The Roadhouse also functioned as a networking place, where hunters discussed their missions and requested help from others. But it was mostly a place to get drunk and play pool, which was music to the ears of Dean Winchester.
Yes, Castiel had figured as much. Not being present in Heaven’s meeting about the attack made him a suspect, and he didn’t doubt that if Metatron was behind this, as Gabriel thought, he wouldn’t hesitate to throw them under the bus.
Dean reached the gate, his whole body was protesting but he was so close. Just a few more steps before he could disappear into the woods behind the walls, and yell his lungs out. He’d call for Castiel, angel of the Lord, and he couldn’t care less if anyone heard him. He just needed to know that Cas was okay. He could see the gate now, only a few feet away, and the whole time something kept repeating in his mind
“I’m with Cas,” Dean offered up the name, it’s not like he could figure out he was an angel just from that. “He needed me,” that was the best attempt at an explanation he could muster. It wasn’t exactly a lie, but it was more the other way around, he needed Cas, and when he ran out, he specifically needed Cas to be alive.
Dean was on his way to Bobby’s cabin, which was only a-few-minute walk from the Winchesters’ cabin. Before taking a shower, he had talked to Sam, who had spent the entire day busy helping Ellen at the Roadhouse. He had given his brother a quick update about the possible new case Bobby had a new case for them. By the time he left, Sam was half asleep on the couch, muttering a 'say hi to Bobby for me'.
“Cas, goddammit man, I thought-” Dean almost flung his whole body forward to hug the angel, but managed to refrain. “Where have you been?”
man. Even with all his training, the way he was raised into believing angels were the enemy, monsters like many others, he had given Castiel a chance, he became his friend. And now, here he was, understanding the right thing to do might just turn him against his own kin, against his father - and Castiel understood how hard that must be for him.
“You’re home,” Dean stated, matter-of-factly. It wasn’t a taunt, he was just surprised, was all. He watched his dad’s eyes as they studied him, narrowing slightly at the sight of him, and Dean felt exposed, too exposed - he remembered he showed no bruising, no sign of cuts or anything. An irrational fear rose up, that his dad would somehow jump to the conclusion that an angel could have healed Dean.
“Idjits,” A gruff voice interrupted the victory cheers. Everyone in the room turned around to find whom it belonged; a scruffy man with a beard and a worn-out baseball cap.
“Is that what this is to you? A fucking job?” Dean knew, rationally, that it was a poor choice of wording, but he wasn’t thinking
“What the hell happened?” He wasn’t sure if he meant to Cas, or just now for him to heal. Cas looked back at him, probably unsure as well, as to what Dean meant. “Did you heal?” he added.
Dean shook the hefty lock in his hand, clearly irritated. “Can’t you just melt this off or something?”
“You are looking Dean, but you’re not seeing.” The angel’s voice was soft and tender, the words felt like criticism, but the way he said it didn’t. “This is the problem, with you humans, you lack perspective” He chuckled lightly, “lay down”.
Dean nodded, it made sense. Always a route of escape and secluded from the rest of the world, just a contact at the docks and whoever was guarding it would always know who was coming.“What’s the name?” He looked back over at Sam.
They kept walking, and Dean’s mind adapted to this ‘new normal'. All non-essential shops had closed their doors, the big shopping windows covered to protect the glass, probably from shattering.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice called out and Dean was completely lost in between reality and his imagination, there was no knowing where it’d come from, but it was enough to push him over the edge, a hot flash, violent and igniting turned blood into a million degrees and he came, like a tidal wave hitting him from every angle, and with every finishing stroke, becoming painfully aware of how
“Please, share your concerns,” Metatron gestured to the only other chair in the room. He had taken over Michael’s office as well, the walls stripped down to the bones and the desk where they had once congregated around, discussing strategy and revising field maps now looked crowded with a typewriter, paper everywhere, a bowl that seemed very out of place, next to a cutting tool, and a couple of candles that had melted into the oak of the table.
“Bobby, leave the man alone, he’s just a little weird, doesn’t mean anything.” Ellen scolded him again.
It was difficult, he didn’t even know how to interpret what was happening between them. They were hovering and touching, and barely managing to be five feet away from each other. He wants him, but then he knows the very idea of it repulses him. How is he supposed to tell Cas he’s just taking what he can, feeling like an asshole every time he oversteps, and waiting for him to say that this is wrong… Again?
Castiel seemed to be thinking about something judging by the way small lines seemed to crease his forehead. Every second Dean spent with him he thought of the angel as a bit more human.
“This sweet smell,” Cas explained, and Dean finally understood what the angel meant, a faint sickly scent filled the air.
“We’re all in deep shit Sam.” Dean sighed, Sam would find out soon enough, better if he heard it from him than anyone else.
The angel frowned for a split second, it was one of those rare moments where Dean could see a trace of emotion on his face.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but hastily closed it again, pursing his lips shut, he had no idea what to tell him.
For a moment Dean’s hand hovered above the door handle, not sure of what to expect when he opened it.  He pushed away all the thoughts that made him want to turn around,
“But how will we make the humans listen again?” An angel called Hannah asked from the other end of the large, white marble table. She was the first to speak after Metatron had called Uriel to gather the garrison.
“You did good, boy.” Yeah, he was an idiot, alright, Bobby was completely right and he already knew that it would--
There was a long pause before Cas spoke again, his expression pensive. “I still need to find out where they’re keeping him. If I’m successful tonight, we will be leaving tomorrow at dawn, meet me here.” The angel’s eyes met his, as if waiting for Dean to show him any sign of hesitance, and when he didn’t, Cas added, “you should probably try to get your hands on one of the weapons your city seems to be mass-distributing, I don’t know what we’ll be up against, but we can expect some resistance.”
“Just, push it down, and then spin it -No, Cas, just down, you have to-” Yeah, from where he was sitting he wasn’t going to be able to explain it to him. Dean got up, trying to keep the weight off the busted leg and limped over to where Cas was standing, and showed him how to turn on the stove.
“Can you stand still?” Cas made no effort to pull him up, his hand pressed against the low of Dean’s back again. Dean didn’t let go of the shirt and ended up just inches away from him. Cas’s voice was always so deep and raspy and Dean couldn’t help the way his blood traveled, below his belt. With every word Cas spoke, and with the way Dean felt the warm touch on his back, he was aching more for their skin to touch.
Sam had suggested they could spend time with Bobby, trying to stay awake while waiting to hear the outcome of the negotiation. When Dean had briefly talked to Jo at the Roadhouse, she had told him that pretty much every hunter would be all ears and no sleep. This meeting was the most interesting thing to happen in the city since Michael’s capturing.
- answer. So, for now, he had to do this on his own, at least until he could gather any proof that he could give them, without implicating Cas and himself.
“Yeah, I know, just-” she sighed, “-not yet.” And then a laugh that seemed a little out of place and somewhat forced, but Dean couldn’t hold it against her, “When you get your love life in order, maybe I’ll come to you for sage advice. So, maybe man-up and tell this Cas how you feel.”
“I’ll do it,” Dean stated, in a low voice almost as if he didn’t mean to be heard, as if saying it so softly would allow him to take it back later.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean looked at the angel, who appeared unsettled by the taste of the beer “Can I ask you something?”
The alarm and confusion he’d felt at Dean’s distress made it so he couldn’t allow himself to leave his side, even as he bathed - and even for angels, this was not a common thing to do - still, he’d sat, his back to the bathroom and felt himself ease as Dean’s nightmare induced panic subsided.
A few stripper poles were flanking the stage in the middle of the room where two of these young women, scarcely dressed, were chatting to a few interested customers. The third one on stage, grabbing to the pole for dear life, wearing nothing but a skimpy nurse outfit, that seemed right from the kid’s Halloween costume section at Walmart. While Dean’s eyes made their way from her chest to her bare legs, enjoying the sight, he couldn’t help but wonder if there was an 8-year-old at home, waiting for her mom to be back from work, in the costume she’d worn to go trick-or-treating. Shaking that disheartening thought from the back of his mind, they made their way over to the bar, where a male bartender was busy cleaning drinkware. Dean noticed he wore a tight black t-shirt that clung to his sweaty body too tightly, laying flat against his biceps and a pair of denim washed-out jeans, as he looked the odd pair up and down.
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry about little old me, you-” he couldn’t get the next words out, there was no point in telling the angel to be careful. “Good luck,” he wanted to say instead, to smile convincingly, but Cas was gone before he got the words out, a small breeze touching Dean’s skin, as the only trace of Cas’s presence.
Dean threw his bag down as he looked over at the couch, a quick nap wouldn’t hurt. He sat down to untie his shoes and winced as the blisters on his feet throbbed painfully. He would definitely have to get some new shoes whenever he’d have a chance at free time.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, his voice still unsteady, embarrassingly so. He cleared his throat.
Hunters' training was held in the Echo zone, in an old modified gym. A big field of plain grass next to it was used for the outside training. Boys aged twelve to eighteen were all asked to participate from 9 am to 3 pm during the week. It meant studying all urban legends around angels and attending classes like ‘weaponry’ and ‘first aid’. But the most boring class, at least according to Dean, was ‘angel warding’. They were taught how to protect their homes with weird scribbles, and how to draw sigils that could send angels to another part of the world or even back to heaven.
- but something inside told him to keep going, if Cas wasn’t listening anyway there was no one to think he was ridiculous.
Dean felt the weight of his duffel bag, still hanging from his shoulder, so he told Sam he’d fix them lunch after dropping by his room. Sam just looked happy that Dean was back home, or maybe he was just happy about getting a decent lunch for once.
Hunters in the city were mostly men, with a few exceptions. Female hunters weren’t necessarily unheard of, it was just less common. Much to Ellen’s dislike, Jo always talked about joining the hunters' army. After Dean had shared the local bar stories with her, she slowly started to get into hunting as well. Which ended up getting Dean into a lot of trouble with Ellen, who was practically stating Jo couldn’t become a hunter even if it came down to hunting a rabid dog.
Cas had stepped forward, towards him, but when Dean looked away, instinctively - he wasn’t used to letting anyone but Sam or Bobby see him like this, and he certainly didn’t want Cas to see it -  Cas stopped in his tracks, hovering by the door, wide-eyed.
While Castiel seemed taken aback for a second a smile quickly appeared on his face. Dean would never admit to anyone that it made his heart seem to do a backflip every time the angel expressed any sign of happiness.
“Being a little less cryptic would be too hard, huh?” Dean rolled his eyes. Communication was definitely something that angels could work on.
“Will you be alright?” It was weird to hear the harshness back into Castiel’s voice, but while the look on his face was a perfect mask of his emotions, his eyes somehow held all the softness and warmth that he had shown before, and Dean couldn’t help but comfort him.
“And you have to do it,” Sam confirmed. Dean nodded again. “And you need to go save another archangel because he’s one of the only angels who can help stop this Megatron dude?”
And with that, they decided to leave the diner. Dean thought he should be going home, hoping his dad wouldn’t be around - he couldn't stand the thought of lying about where he was over and over again, and Sam - that was harder.
Dean had joined the hunters' army at the age of 17 due to his poor grades at school, but great devotion when it came to training. It wasn't that Dean was stupid, not at all in fact, he just lacked great motivation when it came to studying from a book. He impressed his dad by going on his first solo hunt when he was still 17 and by his 19th birthday, he defeated his first werewolf on a hunting job outside the city. And right after his 21st birthday, he was sent on an important mission to capture and interrogate a demon.
How he hadn't noticed before was ludicrous, and so not important right now. They were still standing in the exact same spot, Dean had been right about that much. But the busy streets, the cabins, and the high concrete walls that surrounded the city, they were gone...
His face was drawn, lips pursed in a straight line as he grabbed a bunch of stuff from the back of the truck. Paper, books, big rolls of whatever it was. “Yeah, we need to talk.” Sam brushed past him, into the cabin and Dean followed closely mumbling a
He got up from the bed in the meantime and took some boxers out of his duffel. His back was turned to Cas, but he didn’t hear him move - if this was anyone else he’d probably just do it right there, he was a guy, not like he had never seen it before,
“I have no clue, but if hunters are going to these lengths to hide something...It can’t be good,” He wondered who they would be hiding, whatever it may be, from. There was just a brief moment separating him from the knowledge of what it was, and for a second Dean worried he wouldn’t like the answer. “C’mon, let’s find out”
One time, though, one of the kids got hurt, badly, and not even the vet could help her. She ended up dying on the property and after that, the state was called and the other kids were taken away. The old couple lived out the rest of their days there, until one day they died, strangely - a murder-suicide they’d called it, but no one could ever prove it.
He realized that his cell phone was loudly buzzing in his back pocket. He pulled it out and relief washed over him as he saw the called ID.
The angel screwed his eyes shut for just a second. There was that hint of emotion again, it looked strange on his face, foreign even.
“We are currently working on a new plan to free Michael, which is of course of the highest priority.” Uriel’s voice filled the silence left by Metatron’s declaration. The angel’s deep voice bounced around the walls of the room.
Dean opened his eyes and looked back up at the sky, following along Cas’ arm, and then his hand and his finger, all pointing stretched out towards the constellation -
“So. You wanna know what we’ve been working on, or are you just going to stand there like a bonehead?” Bobby looked at the spot on the couch free for Dean to sit, and then gestured to the bottle of whiskey and a clean glass. Dean went over and poured himself a glass, and filled Bobby’s too. “Right, so your dad was in charge of keeping the angel juice safe. Curt or whoever he is--”
Castiel didn’t look caught off guard like Dean had expected him to, instead he looked lost in thought. "Maybe. I don't know which angels will be present during the negotiation, nor do I know how many. But I have been assigned to many similar missions in the past, so it’s not unlikely." Castiel seemed to hesitate for a second before continuing, "It's actually the reason we met".
name, of all things, repetitively, as if repaying all of Dean’s prayers into this one word, repeated to the exponent of madness. Cas’s hands framed his jaw, his thumb brushing softly against his temple. Dean felt dizzy with the way every touch unchained a new reaction like it was too much for his body to handle, it felt warm and devastatingly electric. He could feel every wall ever put up between them crumble, or maybe just expanding, trying to make room for this feeling he didn’t even know was humanly possible. And if it wasn’t so goddamn amazing, it would probably scare him so much he’d never attempt to do it again.
“Yeah?” Dean stared at him, stepping in his general direction, a lopsided grin hanging on his face. “Try me.”
Still, there were times, little windows of moments, where he could feel the burning sensation of watchful eyes on his own skin. In the few moments where Castiel had followed along with Dean’s indication of what was acceptable bed-wear, he could almost pretend Dean was as enthralled by him as he was - and then the moment was gone again, Dean would leave the room, or turn his back on him and Castiel would circle back to feeling a little too unorthodox.
There was an awkward silence between them before both of them cleared their throats and John walked away with a small nod.
Another chapter this week! I'm trying to stick to uploading every Tuesday, but it's only a matter of time before I miss one as I'm also working on my thesis right now. You might say that this fic is a form of escapism and you would be absolutely right, but it's also causing me more stress haha. I think I'm experiencing imposter syndrome with writing atm, but enough about me, I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
“Hey man,” Sam let himself fall on the sofa, looking up at Dean, who sat at the kitchen table, cleaning his shotgun. “Where have you been? I feel like I never see you these days.”
“Hey Cas, hope you can hear me” He paused for a moment, opening one eye to check if the angel hadn’t casually just popped in, even though that would be impossible with the angel warding on the walls of the city, and probably the house as well. “So, I just wanted to check in with you, like I told you I would.”
Within seconds they found themselves in the all too familiar cabin, Dean would probably never get used to the angel mojo being used on him, but once again he couldn't complain. The scent of fresh wood and pine filled Dean's nose and he sighed contently. The content slipped away as fast as it had come, everything around him was too tight, too hot. He felt the uneasy knot in his stomach, trying to suppress every possible question in his mind. What was the point of being absolutely shitfaced if he still couldn't drink away the thoughts that kept him up when he was sober?
“Keep them” Dean half smiled at him “They look better on you, anyway” The words just spilled out of his mouth, as if he had no control over them, all his reason out the window. He looked down, steadying himself, reminding himself he’d come here with a purpose.
But there was no way he could risk it. “I can’t explain right now. Cas is in trouble and I need to go, now.” He hoped it would be enough to get Sam off his back, but of course it had to blow up in his face.
“What was that?” Dean wasn’t sure if he’d heard him right. But Bobby didn’t repeat himself. “What did he just say?” He turned to Sam and Jo. Had Sam already spilled the goddamn beans? God, that kid was as good at keeping secrets as a meshed straw was good for drinking.
? - his punches were sloppy now, not even letting the bag swing all the way down before sending it back up again
. There were only so many times Dean could pretend to be asleep or have an ‘urgent’ phone call to get away from Sam’s never-ending question crusade.
He turned around and before he could take another step Castiel appeared right in front of him, causing him to jump.
“You’re safe here Dean,” Cas’s voice was soft and slow, his hand was still resting on Dean's arm, and Dean didn’t want him to let go just yet. “You’re okay,” the calm voice added.
The angel’s way of speaking felt really out of place for the way he looked, his body slumped on the chair, tied up in iron shackles with dried-up blood covering almost the entirety of his face, and yet, he spoke as if he was addressing an audience, clean as a showman.
“No, leave it,” Dean said in a low voice, his brow slightly furrowed, and he could see Cas being taken aback, flinching his finger away from the scar in a hurry. He had no intention of making Cas think he was scared or anything of the sort, and quickly added “I don’t want to forget either.”
“I got kicked out,” Bobby shrugged as he took the cup from Dean.  “For telling some douchewad to stick it where the sun don’t shine.”
“It takes a lot of patience,” John didn’t look up from the table. “And spellwork beyond your paygrade.”
Following Dean Winchester through the double doors of the burger joint, Castiel looked puzzled, as if he was still trying to consider Dean’s burger statement.
This caught Dean off guard, he had opened his eyes minutes ago. Why was Castiel speaking in riddles? But he felt as if he couldn't ask more questions without coming off as stupid, so he blinked a few times. But it wasn't until he followed Castiel's gaze that it happened.
We did not come to bribe you with pretty things.” One of the angels took a step forward, tilting his head, his eyes squinting as if trying to understand how one man could stand alone and be so defiant. “We know our leader, he would not have told you anything you wanted to know. So why would you keep him your prisoner? Why make yourselves our target?” One angel spoke with almost a genuine tone of curiosity.
“Dean?” Blue wide-eyes were staring at him, searching his face in concern. There he was, Castiel sat on the side of the bed with not even a scratch on him.
surprise, three demons were now standing in front of him. One of the new arrivals lunged forward in order to punch Dean in the jaw. Dean dodged and used the moment to grab the demon knife from his boot. He managed to twist the knife in the demon's chest when he stood back up, it shook under his hand before a bright yellow light erupted from the demon’s mouth and eyes. The light was visible from underneath its skin, unveiling every nerve in its body like its core was on fire. After a couple of seconds, the light dimmed and the body fell to the ground with a loud thud.
“Jo! What are you doing here?” Dean called out, knowing it would look worse if he turned around right now.
“Just leaving, actually,” The dude said. Dean was trying really hard but the name didn’t come to him. “Gotta put in the hours, right? Especially with everything going down.”
“Look if this guy isn’t into you, why the hell would he go out of his way to spend so much time with you?”
The reality of the upcoming events weighed heavily on Dean’s shoulders, it loomed over him like a dark cloud. He’d felt happier in the last few days than he had in the last few
Finally, for the first time in their encounter, the figure moved. It looked strange. As it stepped closer towards him, Dean played his last trick, he reached for the demon knife and forced the steel into his enemy’s chest. Nothing again.
Hunter’s City’s streets were an especially stirring and vibrant affair today. Groups of hunters started to gather at the command center in the city center, and the streets were filled with people making their way to what they heard could be an important meeting involving their fight against the angels.
That wasn’t exactly true. There were things Dean was holding back, keeping from Cas, but it was for his sake, Cas had made it crystal clear the night he’d kissed him that this wasn’t going to happen. Whatever
Reasoning with angels was harder than teaching mankind to refrain from sin, which made convincing them nearly impossible. However, Gabriel liked to think that his persuasive skills were of unprecedented greatness. After all, he did manage to turn three whole garrisons against Metatron so far. It was all in getting them to fight for a common goal, get Heaven back the way it had been before. Angels weren’t known for being independent and their limitless wit and free will, no, they were soldiers, trained to follow orders. He did not offer them a position to fight under his name, instead, he offered them to fight for their chosen leader.
“Sure, you look about one second away from turning into one of those women who eat a full tub of ice cream in front of a bad Matthew McConaughey movie.”
“So what did you guys get up to? You spent a whole week somewhere God knows where.” Sam was side-eyeing him, obviously waiting for Dean to open up. But he had no idea where to start, and it was not like they’d done
How sharing the bed with the hunter had become comfortable so quickly, he didn’t know, but he couldn’t say he minded it one bit. Getting to watch as Dean’s breathing slowed down and his eyes fluttered closed, the way his mouth opened slightly when sleep consumed him, it was all something Castiel would never be able to appreciate enough. He wondered, though, what he liked more, getting to see this side of Dean where he was free from strife, or getting to learn more about him in the late-night talks they shared.
“I said no,” John’s tone was strict. “Go check in with Bobby soon, I think he found another case for you and Sam. Just make sure he goes with you this time.”
Sam looked down to his glass, half-embarrassed by his brother’s antics, and half-amused, most likely glad to see Dean act like his normal self again. Sam shook his head, with a smile.
“It’s bewitched to temporarily hold a part of my grace, should I ever need to divide the energy.” It was hard to explain the details of his amulet when he could feel the touch of Dean’s fingers through the crystal, it was proving quite hard to focus.
“Yeah, I’ve, uh, been busy.” Dean gave the guy a quick smile, moving past him. “You startin’ or finishing up?” He pointed at the gym.
“It is not in times of peace great leaders are born, it is in wartime soldiers pledge loyalty to their chief commander, in their own blood, at the cost of their own lives. That is what he wants - complete and utter subservience - and if he has to wipe off humans from this planet to get it, then that’s just a happy coincidence.”
They ate the pancakes, the music from the stereo still bouncing off the walls, they didn’t need to talk other than the occasional pleased sigh coming from Cas. Dean was happy he was enjoying his pancakes and took note to do it more often.
He grabbed his duffel bag that hung by the door and mindlessly started making his way over to the Echo zone. It was around noon, so, he figured, the inside training facility would be empty until at least 3 pm when the younger ones would start their afternoon training. It meant he had about two hours to spend alone, just him and the punching bag.
“Nothing --” Dean’s eyes fell to the floor and he chuckled, Castiel would paint him bashful if he didn’t know any better. “-- I just, uh--” Dean brushed his fingers through his hair, head still drawn down, his hand ending up resting on the back of his neck. “You’re pretty amazing, you know that?” Dean hooked his gaze on his, wide-eyed and a boyish grin across his lips.
“Very impressive,” Uriel laughed mockingly, “get him.” As little monkeys working for bananas the angels started to charge at him, and soon enough there was no way of escaping. Gabriel had no way of fighting all of them off, he was being hauled somewhere, probably only for Metatron to kill him.
The biggest thanks to my beta for being the amazing writer and friend that she is, this chapter wouldn't be where it was if it wasn't for her; so thanks, Fred! (Tumblr: deanqueerchester)
When he got to the front door, he noticed there was no truck parked in the driveway, which could mean that John wasn’t home, or that the truck was at the shop. Dean was crossing his fingers for the first option. He took a deep breath preparing for the worst, but hoping for the best, and walked in.
He opened the door to absolute darkness, it was as if a black hole had sucked up the entire room. Glaring with confusion he took another step towards nothing, the ground started to falter beneath him. Dean realized he was standing at the edge of nothing, and then he fell.
“Those trucks came from inside the City. I followed them here.” Cas’s eyes finally caught Dean’s, by accident. The hunter had turned to look at him as he explained, and paused, briefly, clearing his throat, “Whatever they’re carrying, can’t be good. There are never trucks going in or coming out of the City after dark, we close ranks at night, so whatever it is…” Dean raised his eyebrows, emphasizing the conclusion that hung in the air.
Dean dialed Sammy’s number from one of the lost calls and fidgeted as he waited, what the hell was he supposed to tell him?
Dean felt his heart race behind the closed door of the weaponry, going through his options. He thought about Cas, and how he was doing in Heaven, if he was in danger, or if he’d already been captured and tossed wherever Gabriel was too. And if that were the case, Dean thought, he would never see him again. There was no way he could find out where they were, and if they were even on earth.
But for the moment, Dean allowed himself this one moment, this one last night before returning to real life, before having to make decisions that he still wasn’t sure he could make. Every hour or so, Dean shifted closer to Castiel, hoping the angel wouldn’t make note of it, but every time, a few seconds after the fact, he felt the arm around him tightening.
“Dean, I didn’t know you had hunter contacts outside of the city?” Jo asked, her smile was a little too smug and Dean had never wanted to get away from her faster.
“Do you know when?” He had no clue what angels would consider a good time or place to negotiate the freedom of their leader. He’d always been surprised the angels hadn’t done anything to help the process along, they were very capable of just obliterating the entire city without too much effort.
Chapter 12 was a bit of a different chapter to write, and I loved every second of it! After all the fast-paced writing I figured the boys deserved some downtime, and not to mention that luckily Cas is totally okay. Did you enjoy this chapter or do you prefer the ones with more going on, or both? Please let me know in the comments, you guys are what's keeping this fic going :) So thank you from the bottom of my heart to all the lovely readers of this fic, whether you comment every week or just show up to read, I'm just very grateful that you enjoy my little old fic.
“When are you gonna tell me about you? Or am I just supposed to pretend I don’t know you’ve spent the last week hiding out with your new boyfriend?” Sam raised his eyebrows.
“I mean it's only fair,” Dean pushed. “You follow me, seem to know things about me while I don't even know the first thing about you. I'd say that's a bit rude don't you think, I-”
Eventually, even though Dean would be more than happy staying at Bobby’s for the rest of his life, he had to go home and face his father.
Dean scoffed. “What do you know about putting Sam in danger huh?” Oh, he should not have gone there, in fact, he regretted the words the minute they fell out of his mouth, but alas, it was too late, he might as well finish his point “You’re never around, you just show up, yell to me about protecting him, which I already goddamn do, and leave again!”
“Just give me a minute,” Dean was panting and had to take a breather, he’d run all the way from Bobby’s to the forest in record time, and even though he was in the best shape of his life, he had never been the running type - unless he was running
“Dean, I came as soon as I heard your call, what happened? Are you hurt?” Castiel’s eyes were full of worry.
“And no blabbing your mouth around town about any of this, it stays just between us three.” John looked at Dean when he said this, seemingly including him in the conversation.
“Hey gorgeous” He called her over, side-eyeing Sam, just to check if his little brother was paying attention. “What do they call you?”
Dean was sure he’d had some sort of reaction because Cas was quick to add that he would be back as soon as possible. Dean couldn’t say he was happy about this, he didn’t want Cas to leave, to go out when it was apparently open season on angels, but, in a flutter of wings, Cas was gone before he could come up with any reason for him to stay.
“No, this all came in together.” Cas stated as if it was obvious “The tape is the same in both boxes, the big ones on the floor and this little one, see?” He picked up a piece of tape from the floor and showed it to Dean, holding it next to the small box.
Castiel frowned, clearly unamused by Dean’s words. “I can do this - ” And without warning, Castiel grabbed hold of the lock and with a flick of his wrist, the previously sturdy lock seemed to just dismantle at their feet.
But it was undeniable that Dean wasn’t himself, his ‘the world doesn’t scare me’ demeanor had faltered and crumbled right in front of Castiel. Dean had admitted to being terrified when he thought him to be dead, ‘
He stared at Dean, hoping his face held the answer he was looking for, but Dean was too busy making himself smaller than was actually possible.
“Look at me,” An almost pleading sound, and another squeeze of his hand. Castiel looked back up at him. “Speak for yourself.”
“You should get some rest,” Cas’s answer didn’t really have anything to do with what he’d just said, but then he wasn’t really expecting Cas to say anything to that,
He just had a lot on his mind, that was all, and of course, the booze didn’t help. He figured, with his dad constantly on top of him, and the fighting, it was all just too much. His mind went over this reasoning again and again, in a piss poor attempt to convince himself, more than anyone else. This had to be the reason for his pathetic escape, what else was there?
For a second Dean contemplated, he knew that this was their chance to get past the people whom the voices belonged to, but he also knew this was their only chance to figure out what they were dealing with. He gestured for Castiel to follow him while trying to think of a way to get within hearing distance of the voices without being seen.
“They negotiated with the angels alright, all action and no words.” His mouth was agape and it was clear he thought this was a terrible event. “We killed the angels, we killed all of them”
but as sudden as it shone, it was gone again, and it left Dean staring at Cas’s chest, dumbfounded. Cas’s brow furrowed and he let out a grunt (which didn’t help Dean’s downstairs situation), and he realized Cas was about to wake up. He turned his back and ran into the bathroom closing the door behind him, by the skin of his teeth.
and Dean’s stomach churned and turned with guilt gnawing at him from the inside out. His dad had taken a step towards closing the gaping rift in their relationship, and Dean was just about to go and stretch it further than it had ever been. Dean knew he was on the right side of history here, but he didn’t think John would ever see this betrayal like this. The hunters didn’t have all the information to agree with him, but he knew better, he would free Michael and avoid a major war, saving countless lives, that was the right thing to do, and it had to supersede Dean’s family drama.
Dean tried not to redden as he remembered all the (very few) times John and Sam had both been away, and he’d made himself a bubble bath, after a cold training session in the rain
“My dear Gabriel, if there was even the smallest chance that you could take over his job I would bow down to you at this very moment. But let’s be honest here, you can’t even take care of your brothers without sending them to hell.”
Dean reached out to pat Don on the shoulder, “Thanks man, he owes you one.” He hoped this guy wouldn’t think to collect from John, or Dean was toast.
Dean knew Castiel was a soldier, but every time he was confronted with this side of him, he couldn’t help but be impressed. Maybe it was the drastic change from the Cas he’d gotten to know, caring and dorky, and somehow his presence felt smaller than the one standing in front of him now. What he saw in front of him was someone who was ready to fight, face drawn and body tense, strategically looking out of the window every few seconds, ready to engage at second’s notice. It was a painful reminder that he didn’t know Cas that all that well, that he had never seen him on the bad days or the times he had to worry about saving his own ass. That idea sent mixed signals down his spine, especially as he tried not to give in to the thoughts he had right after, that he didn’t really know Cas,
He could practically see smoke coming out of his dad’s ears, and in the blink of an eye, he was already dodging the impact of the open-handed slap coming towards his face. But this wouldn’t be like every other time, because Dean was furious. He was angry and the rage had built inside of him, all directed at the sorry son of bitch who passed for his father.
The other demon immediately charged at Dean, clearly infuriated by the death of his companions. It threw Dean through the hallway like he was no heavier than a ragdoll. Dean tried to get onto his feet quickly but the demon was already on top of him, grabbing his head and pressing his fingers on Dean’s eyes by forcing its fingertips into them. Dean tried to block it by slamming his arm against its wrist. In reaction the demon smashed Dean’s head into the concrete floor, causing Dean to nearly pass out. A warm fluid started to trickle through his hair and onto the concrete floor.
Dean could easily understand why that response would drive Jonh crazy, he knew for a fact that his dad saw angels as an active enemy, hell all the hunters did. The worst part was that Dean was actually starting to see things differently, he started to realize that the angels, at least part of them, didn't like this current situation any more than he did. From what Castiel told him, there was an angel going rogue upstairs, but that was not the general consensus.
Dean shrugged the thoughts away, as best as he could - but lately, he never seemed to quite be able to put angel-related thoughts away, it was always there, in the back of his mind. And nights were the worst - he’d toss and turn before falling asleep, with thoughts of angels and demons, and hunting, but one angel occupied most of his thoughts - Castiel. And then he’d fall asleep and, like in a weird fever dream, images and moments all mangled together. Sometimes it was just a replay of the day’s events, other times dream-Dean made things he just wished he could do. And on occasion, he had terrible dreams - where John made him kill Castiel, or John himself would kill Castiel, Sam killing Castiel - whoever it was, Cas always ended up dead, and Dean would always wake up in a panting, sweat ridden panic.
“Cool, I’m just letting you know they won’t hesitate to attack if you were. Not that I care,” Dean definitely didn’t care.
Even so, as he woke in the next morning, alone in the cabin, everything seemed so distant again, and he could make Cas smaller, small enough to fit in a little box in the back of his mind. And there, stored away, Dean saw him as a friend - but now, he needed to take Cas out of this little box, and let him stand right in front of him. He needed to ask him questions, he needed answers, and he desperately needed not to feel a damn thing that would get in the way of that.
After an argument where Sam refused to accept that he looked like an Olivia Newton-John video clip (shut up), he went up to take a shower, leaving Dean grinning behind his coffee.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be fine.” Dean put away his cell phone after he heard the familiar click that indicated the call had ended.
Castiel looked down at the clothes, fidgeting with the sleeves of the flannel. And if Dean didn’t know any better he’d say Cas looked slightly embarrassed, he (almost) started to feel kinda bad for the guy.
“Yeah, your dad is a little paranoid, if you haven’t noticed.” Jo contributed. “But I bet he’d trust another paranoid bastard, like Bobby.”
This time I would also like to invite you guys, to fill out this form, to give us some feedback, and for us to get to know our demographic a little better! Don't feel obligated to do it, if you're not comfortable with it, but it would be much appreciated :) (everything is totally anonymous ofc, and we won't share it anywhere, it's just for us. Thank you!
They made sure the open space was empty before making their way through. The lights were too bright and all the trucks had been emptied and parked inside. On the furthest wall from them, there were double sliding doors, made of thick steel.
“Nothing,” he really had to get better at lying to Dean. “I was just thinking about the conversation I had with Gabriel earlier, you know, Heaven and its important matters.”
He had no idea why that made him feel somewhat happy, in the slightest, he’d just list it as one of the side effects of having the life beat out of him, his emotions were on the brink of his skin, just under the surface ready to pour out with any and all incitation.
He had been eighteen and just gotten his G.E.D. and the world was his oyster. Between training and his first hunts, a whole lot of other firsts had taken place in the upholstery of the impala. His first kiss, with some random girl, in some random motel parking lot, when he was 13 had been right in the backseat - some 30 seconds of nervousness and excitement, until his dad had knocked on the window and the girl had ran out, embarrassed - and then, a few years later he’d lost his virginity in it too, with some girl he now wished he’d taken the time to remember the name, for memory’s sake.
Dean had held on to so many questions these past few months, that now, he wasn’t sure what to ask first.
Dean’s face was drawn, feelings he couldn’t begin to describe came rising up under the surface. An unhealthy mix of pity, anger, solidarity, and love, all balled up into one hell of a cotton-mouth.
“I knew it!” Dean’s butt almost launched off the couch cushion, he smiled widely for having figured it outright from the start. “I mean I didn’t know for sure obviously, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was familiar about you.”
he wanted to add, Dean hated the distance between them. He needed to be near Cas, needed to feel the weight of Cas’s body on the couch next to him. He had to make sure he wasn’t dreaming, that he wouldn’t just wake up at Bobby’s to find out Cas was dead. The last 40 hours had his head spinning, the little he had slept at Bobby’s didn’t help him much, and the jury was still out on whether he had a concussion or not.
“Whatever,” Dean replied dryly, not wanting to give Sam the satisfaction of getting annoyed. “We still going over to their place for dinner tomorrow?”
“Whether we like it or not, there is a war coming. And it won’t be pretty. I’m talking massive casualties on both sides, consequences for this earth that will go on until Dad knows when.” Gabriel was dead serious, a grim look in his eyes. “Metatron is building the perfect bomb, deceiving humans, creating tension until it blows up, he wants a reason to take out your entire civilization.”
“Curiosity killed the cat.” Cas just stated, slurping a noodle into his mouth. It was impossible to take him seriously, but his answer didn’t tell him he was crossing into dangerous territory, and he found the way Cas’s ears turned red extremely endearing
All things considered, it was the most adequate place to tell Sam he was going to betray his entire city, by freeing their most well-guarded prisoner, oh and that Cas, the guy he had been talking about for months, was an angel. (Maybe not that last part just yet. He couldn’t have Sam having a stroke in the Impala. That would be a terrible first.)
His heartbeat fastened, he’d left that note four days ago, which meant that the book hadn’t been touched since he left, no one had been here since. He tried to ignore the rise of panic in his chest, pushing it down with some, much-needed, common sense. All things considered, Dean knew Castiel was a powerful angel, he had said so himself every damn time Dean brought up his concerns, there was no way the hunters had gotten to him. He would know, he would have heard something by now, from someone in the city, Cas was just busy, maybe he’d forgotten about their agreement to check in with each other.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine.” Dean turned to his brother. “I thought I saw something, turned out to be my own shadow, long day I guess,” Dean forced a smile.
The man in front of him looked like he was possessed, if Dean didn’t know any better he’d try to throw holy water at him. He felt completely helpless at this point, a ringing in his ears and his vision blurry. His balance was way off and he wasn’t sure he’d be able to take another punch to the head without passing out. While he had definitely wanted to get his anger out towards his dad, this wasn’t how he had imagined things going.
“Just some new information to go through,” John replied. “You know I can’t tell you more than that.”
With no time to hesitate Cas grabbed hold of Dean’s shoulder, rushing both of them in the direction of the room. Castiel hoped that the door wouldn’t lead to more hunters, but he didn’t sense any form of life behind it, so it appeared to be the safer option.
Bobby cursed something (or someone) under his breath while he threw back his own chair. He shot John an angry look before he walked out, behind him the room had fallen silent.
Dean rolled his eyes at her, “First off, there is no such thing as a bad McConaughey movie, the guy’s a freaking genius. Secondly, when did you grow up to be this sassy?”
Once inside Castiel looked around, they found themselves in a large hall, like a parking garage, but completely empty,  the high ceilings causing their footsteps to echo. Before they could try any of the metal doors at the end of the hall, Castiel heard something, and it was coming towards them. Footsteps and muffled voices grew closer with every second, Castiel looked around and Dean was right behind him,
The family that had lived there before was pretty wild. The whole town knew the stories, though some weren’t sure if there was any truth to them. An old couple couldn’t have children, they’d tried for years and years, and so, when the chance rose to save a little orphan child, they took it. The thing was, with every child also came a big fat state paycheck, and when the Morbeys figured that, children kept coming in, until the old house was looking more like a whole damn orphanage than a home.
even know about love?” It was more of a childish sneer than an actual question, but Sam didn’t miss a beat.
“Gabriel, devilishly handsome and proportionately clever.” The archangel extended his hand to greet Dean, a conceited smirk on his lips. He was met with a sturdy shake and a somewhat reserved smile. Castiel could tell Dean wasn’t sure how to act.
“How the hell am I supposed to find a thing the size of my thumb, that could very well be anywhere in the damn cities?” It was like finding a specific needle in a - well, in a needle factory. He sighed, a tight feeling in his chest.
Wiping away the sweat on his face, Dean sat down in the grass after he had been training all morning. The injury to his leg had definitely set him back, his stamina was nowhere near where it used to be. However it felt good to be back on the field, it was like he could finally breathe again. Dean found that if he focused on his training he was able to forget about all the angel crap that kept him up at night, for a little while everything felt back to normal.
“So what, you’re some kind of hippie angel now? What does that even mean?” Dean tried to deny the uneasy feeling that was rising in his stomach.
It was gone again, but he was sure he’d seen something, it was small and brief, but there had definitely been some sort of smile there.
From now on there would be no more drunk dialing Castiel over his angel radio, no more slip-ups from Dean’s part. Not only had he embarrassed himself, but he had also made Castiel extremely uncomfortable, so much so he had to reject him, and while Dean didn’t even know what he wanted, it was painfully obvious that something between them could never happen,
All these possibilities bounced around in his head and Cas’s eyebrows raised impatiently, he knew the angel was waiting for an answer, and he had to say something.
He didn't actually mean to let this thought slip into his prayers, but he meant it. All the wallowing in self-pity over rejection seemed so pointless now, so utterly unimportant. In this moment it all became clear to him, it didn’t matter what Castiel thought of him. It didn’t matter if the angel was unable to feel any sort of desire towards him, or that angels were incapable of caring as deeply as humans could. Because no matter what Cas did or didn’t feel, Dean cared for him all the same, because he knew the way he felt for the angel, and it was all the same with him, whether it was requited or not.
“Yeah, okay, thanks man, I’ll talk to you later.” Dean hung up the phone, putting it back into his back pocket. He had just talked to Sam, who warned him that John had sent him to Bobby’s for the next few days, which could only mean one thing, and it wasn’t looking good for Dean.
“I’m not- This isn’t a killing spree, I-” Dean was getting nowhere with this, and time was ticking by. “Look, Sammy, I’ll tell you everything, just-” He sighed, “-not right now. Right now I need your help.” That seemed to put a brake on Sam’s plans. He looked intrigued and attentive.
Dean had to restrain himself from rolling his eyes at all this. “You don’t consider yourself a hunter?” He felt surprised by the distinction, and wondered if Curt had ever been out in the field or if he was just a scholar?
Castiel sighed and his burning eyes looked tired for just a split second. “It means that not everything is the way it appears to be.”
A warm sensation spread through his chest, it wasn’t new, but it mostly seemed to happen when he was around Dean.
“Adina-” Gabriel was running out of arguments. Alas, he had been too late. “We don’t have to do this,” his voice
“Yeah,” The older man sighed as he dragged himself over to the kitchen, presumably to get a drink. Dean shifted uncomfortably in his place, unsure of whether to follow. His dad turned around, standing in front of the fridge, “have you eaten dinner yet?”
Dean stood in the middle of the room, looking at Castiel. He let his arms fall down, hitting the sides of his jeans, "well, this is it”. Cas looked around the motel room. The room was dimly lit, just one lightbulb hanging from the ceiling, and a small bedside table lamp casting a weary yellowy light against the painted walls. The carpet was a brownish color, that disturbingly enough, seemed to have been white at some point, and matched perfectly with the earth tones that decorated the room. Some sea motif art, sticking out like a bull on a prairie, were spread out unevenly through the walls - like someone had wanted to give this room a make-over, but had given up only halfway through. There was one large bed, the linens also a worn-out color, undistinguishable in the sea of neutrals all around. All in all, not better, but no worse than any other road-side motel Dean had stayed in.
“We’re not sure he means to save him at all,” Castiel’s forehead creased and his mind seemed to be lost somewhere else.
Dean mentally high fived himself to have caught his dad in a good mood. They hadn’t really argued anymore after that night, but Dean knew better than to push his luck. But apparently, his attempt at trying hard to be a good son had paid off.
“Okay, say it is the flower you’re thinking of. What would be so special about it that it’d need to be transported in the middle of the night from the city to this shady ass warehouse?”
monkey, you hand over Michael, or we smite you, and your offspring, and the offspring of your offspring.”
“Now that you’re here, I actually feel a whole lot better all of the sudden” Dean looked up at her, receiving a blushed giggle in return. Good. The longer she stayed, the more he could avoid dwelling on things he really shouldn’t. “Well, aren’t you gonna tell us your name?”
“We do not want to cause a scene brother, not today.” Rufus had made his way next to Bobby and put his hand on the angry man’s shoulder.
When Dean would get home his dad usually left the house within an hour, to meet other hunters at the bar. Leaving Dean to take care of his brother, which meant making dinner, watching TV together, and tucking him in at night. After that Dean would wait up for his dad who often got home around midnight.
“You’re back,” Sam got up from the couch, awkwardly trying to contain his happiness, and made his way over to hug his older brother. Dean welcomed the hug with open arms and a happy grin spread across his face. He patted Sam on the back of his neck before they both stepped back for the inevitable talk.
“I don’t know man, I mean helping out angels so they can go back to having family brunches isn’t exactly high on my to-do list.” Dean scowled.
But his heart sped up at the words, using angel mojo was a painful reminder of all that Cas was, and all he would never be. It was a strange feeling, to not doubt the angel’s intentions, because unlike last times, Dean trusted him completely now, hell he even
“I’m going to have to tell Cas about this, have him try to find out who Curt really is and what he's hiding. We got any pictures of the dude?”
“You guys going hunting right now?” Jo asked. Her blonde hair was tied up in a ponytail and a shotgun hung from a strap on her shoulder.
Seeing Cas like this, barely holding it together despite the reputable front he was trying to keep up was weird for Dean, he wasn’t used to being on this side of the meltdown - although he had to admit, Cas was yet to reach the same melting point as Dean had, so he was still pretty ahead on the whole humiliating himself front.
“Heaven has many prophets and many prophecies, not all of them are sure to pass, most of them actually only predict one of many outcomes. But there is a prophecy that has been passed around for eons, many tries at interpretation have been made, but no one ever actually deciphered what it means.” Castiel tried to recite it from memory: “
tried to get away from the demon as quickly as possible while looking around for the flask which he had dropped.
“Well, I followed that guy, Curt, just because Bobby is always going on about him and I had to know if Bobby was onto something or if he was just losing it. If he was right, maybe my mom would drop it.” She widened her eyes, like she was trying to get approval for her deed. “Good thing I did too, because wouldn’t you know it, Bobby was right.”
“Fuck off, I’m just well-fed. I’m a growing boy.” He flipped them off, annoyed, ignoring the pang of guilt he felt remembering the double dose of pancakes he usually ordered every time he went to that one diner off main street.  “Fine,” Dean huffed, “let’s say we tell Bobby. Who’s to say he’ll even help us? He hates angels as much as dad.”
Dean’s back stayed pressed firmly against the wall and still,  there was barely any space between them, but as long as Cas didn’t mind being this close together, he was the last one to complain. Even though it made it surprisingly harder to ignore the electricity in the air, Dean closed his eyes for a second, trying to push away every thought he had about reaching out and touching the angel next to him.
“Shut up, I’m not any good at this, but just, let me try.” Dean had to do something, Castiel had to understand, he’d have to forgive him, if he understood, “I guess I really deserved that”. A small, compromised half-smile painted the side of Dean’s face.
The angel stared at the extended hand for a few seconds before shaking it (a little too long). He looked pleased with himself and Dean would call it endearing (
“I can practically see the gears turning in that head of yours,” Dean said, stepping just a little closer with every word, until he was leaning too, back against the other side of the door.
On the weekends they would be at home with their dad but even then Dean and John would have training from 9 am till 3 pm leaving Sam at home alone. Sam didn’t start hunters training at the same time as Dean, as he was four years younger than him. Dean had always felt guilty about leaving Sam at home, but Sam had always told him he didn’t mind as long as Dean promised that they would watch tv together when he’d get back.
There was a small gasp coming from the table, but it went unnoticed. Gabriel’s own smile faded and his expression became ardent.
Then the walls of the diner slowly started to fade. The lively colors turned into a dreary gray and before he knew it, Dean was standing in a long dark hallway. Without hesitation he reached for his gun, looking around for any signs of danger.
“Run!” Castiel yelled out, and it took Dean less than a second to figure out why. More angels were coming. “I’m right behind you!” he reassured him, and Dean chose to trust him, chose to hear the words for what he wanted them to be -
, Dean thought. At that exact moment, she turned around and her face turned into a smile of recognition,
“What the hell?” Bobby didn’t bother hiding his concern as soon as Dean managed to sit down in the passenger’s seat.
“That’s ridiculous, I know clothes don’t have teeth,” Castiel said, but his voice wasn’t nearly as witty as before, and he refused to look at Dean.
His head was still between his knees, and he just focused on Cas’s breathing, felt the heat coming off his palm against his arm, and used it to ground himself. Dean was grateful for the quiet, that Cas didn’t feel the need to try to talk him through it, just his presence seemed to be enough to soothe him at the moment.
Dean reached for the last sip of beer, as he sighed, moving his shoulders and neck a little, as he realized they had been tensed up, at the exact same time that Castiel spoke.
Castiel sighed, his thumb and his index finger pinching the bridge of his nose, his eyes closing for a moment, images flashing across his mind, that he had to erase - a slip, that was all it was, that’s what he had to keep reminding himself. Just a moment’s worth of misstep that he had to never think of again, never remember how it felt to have Dean’s hands all-
“Dude, are you okay?” It wasn’t concern that laced Dean’s voice. He just wanted to know that the angel had done everything in its power to heal Sam, that was all.
The guard didn’t look pleased, but he appeared to buy it for now, or at least he didn’t seem in the mood to argue with Dean. “Just be quick about it, son ” he nodded and stepped aside, letting him pass.
Castiel’s body tensed but the smile on his lips didn’t disappear, he looked conflicted for a second before he answered. “My corner of heaven is peaceful, there’s a forest of green and there are flowers and honey bees that pollinate them. There’s a lake I saw once in the Azores, I enjoy spending time on a little boat, drifting as I watch the sunset over the Himalayan mountains. And then I wait, looking up at the night sky, naming all the stars I helped my father put up there, until the sun comes up, behind the sand of an infinite landscape of the Sahara. It is infinitely beautiful, the four corners of the world, all in eye’s reach, but there is also infinite quiet.”
Sam followed along, shoulders hunched and face pulled tight, understanding that whatever Dean had to tell him was probably serious.
“You mean emotions. Sadness, happiness, hope, lust, ” Castiel corrected him. They were no longer whispering, the longer they talked the less likely it was for sleep to come, and with that, their voices rose too, even though they remained soft-spoken, “love…”
He opened his eyes in surprise when he felt a hand, right over his heart. Dean’s fingers grazed harshly against his skin, underneath the shirt, and closed his hand in a fist, balling up the fabric in it. It wasn’t a soft touch, not tender or careful. It was almost angry, and if it wasn’t for Dean’s head, slumped over the elbow of the arm that reached for him, looking at the ground, Castiel would have thought he was mad. But he wasn’t. This wasn’t anger. This was what Dean couldn’t say, what Cas wanted to hear. This hand pinned him in place, held him down as if he’d float away if Dean let go. His heart fluttered like a bird in a cage, inside, right under Dean’s hand.
“I was drunk,” his voice was strangely unsteady as he spoke. All of the self-loathing rushed back in again, and he had to look away from Sam, fix his gaze on something that showed less pity, it drove him crazy.
“And you trust this brother of yours?” Dean asked. He didn’t know if he felt completely comfortable discussing the current state of Heaven and its minions.
Dean couldn’t help a small laugh escaping his throat, “Not the whole city, at least I don’t think so.” He raised his eyebrows, wondering how every hunter in the city could possibly be bothered enough to care. “Sammy knew from the start, I guess we could only watch so many Mickey Roarke movies ‘for the plot’ before he made me. And he was chill about it. My dad, that’s a whole other thing, and I honestly have no idea if he knows and pretends he doesn’t, or if he’s just that thick.”  Cas pouted a little and Dean didn’t want him to feel bad about this, so he just kept going,
“Wait, you’re not mad?” He raised his eyebrows, it was understandable if he was, hell had it been the other way around Dean was sure he would be fuming.
“I’m an idiot okay, is that what you want to hear?” Dean’s voice came out harder than he intended, but there was no point in taking it back. If Sam wanted him to talk, he might as well let it all out.
He had set out to reform the way things got done in Heaven, more specifically, the way angels interacted with humanity and did their job. For example, one of the ‘directions’ he’d given them in the meeting was to change the way the apparition angels interacted with humans - ever since Castiel could remember these angel’s job was to appear to people of extreme faith, in dire times of need, in order to maintain Heaven’s hold on every major religion - it was necessary, sometimes fate needed a little push, and the apparition’s angel’s jobs, all throughout history had an important role in the way the modern world came to be - and so, Metatron’s new
“Come on,” Cas said as he started leading him out of the room, never letting go of his hand until they reached the tiny bathroom.
? Dean wanted to voice his suspicion, he wanted to threaten Castiel and make the angel spill every secret it was holding onto.
“Baby” Dean had stated, just matter of factly, wondering how the angel had ever survived this long amongst humans.
“I guess you’re only used to seeing this whenever you were hurt and I healed you, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to-”
him, as if trying to decipher what he had just said, as if he’d just blurted out the most preposterous thing. “Dean, you’re human, you’re not a screw-up.” He shook his head in disbelief “If anyone here is actively screwing up eons of his life… It’s me, not you.” A sad smile made the promise of appearance but immediately faltered. “But as I have come to realize, the thin line that separates screwing up, from evolving, isn’t as static as it may seem.”
He felt the cold air breeze of December hitting the back of his neck, right above where his leather jacket ended. He shivered and decided to pull his collar up, to protect him more from the cold. His eyes darted from the lake, to the trees, startled with every little sound, every time expecting it to be the angel, and every time disappointed when it wasn’t.
Sam gave Dean an inquisitive look and walked upstairs to get dressed. Dean just sat where he was, waiting for his dad to ask him for his help too. He didn’t. It’s not like it bothered Dean, but he just felt like he was being punished for something his dad didn’t even know yet.
). “I’ll do some more digging here, see what I come up with, and send it to you. It’s not much, I know,” he sounded a little too apologetic for someone who had just hours ago been dragged into all of this, “but we’ve gotten further on way less.”
“I don't think being foolish qualifies as a good trait.” The angel tilted its head again and Dean couldn’t decide if the angel showing emotion was unsettling or somewhat funny to him.
Without a word, Castiel started to slowly pull the covers away from him, until they no longer covered his legs. Dean felt the angel’s hand grab a hold of his, squeezing it gently.
Dean opened the door, breathing in the fresh air from the spacious hallway, rusty metal had never smelled better. They stood apart further than was probably necessary, but Dean didn’t mind putting a little more distance between him and the angel, allowing his body and mind to recover from the (too) close encounter.
Whatever it was, in coexistence with what he was saying, it made Dean have a twitch of his own, but this, he was pretty sure it was an actual smile.
“Sam,” the man greeted with a nod, “Dean,” he gave him the same head motion, “haven’t seen you here in a while.”
When he got there, he wanted to call Sam and tell him to stay put at Bobby’s, but first, he needed to get an ice pack on his face, or his eye socket would swell so much he wouldn’t be able to see from his left eye. So he did just that, sitting down on the chair by the table.
“If that’s what you see when you look at me, a subspecies, an inferior…” His anger subsided completely, leaving behind a devastating tightness in his heart, the feeling of a piece that had set itself there, dislodging. “Then I don’t know what the hell we’re doing here Cas”
“Are you kidding me?” Dean laughed. “I mean booze, naked women, what else could a guy need for a good time?”
“I can’t tell you what to do, there is something you must see first before you decide, but you must see this for yourself.”
It was a whole scenario. Even though it was about eleven at night, all the lights were on, books were spread out around the floor, and every available surface. Documents that he could spot the Command Center stamp on, were also spread out. Bobby was nursing a bottle of Jack like his life depended on it, Jo had post-it notes stuck to her arms, and Sam’s under-eye bags made him look older.
Dean’s legs kicked and squirmed but there was no getting out from underneath the 200 pounds that were John Winchester. He could hear his dad yelling words, incoherent slurs he was sure he’d rather not get, but every so often there was one he was almost sure he could make out over the sound of his teeth getting knocked in, and it was enough to set him on fire again. He spat out the blood that was pooling in his mouth, a red mixture of blood and saliva landed on John’s face. His dad flinched, giving Dean a second to pull his knees up to his body and push his father’s body away from him. He scrambled to his feet and took several steps back grabbing onto a chair, using it to create some distance between them.
“Castiel! I need to talk to you.” It felt off, like his voice wasn’t his, he could hardly identify the name he spoke, ridden with such hostility, coming from his own mouth. “Get your feathery ass down here.”
“We are going to free Michael from the city,” Gabriel said with determination. “And your new  pet human is going to help us.”
“What if they’re planning another attack?” Dean felt himself getting angry, why was everyone so determined to keep shit from him?
“But how do you suppose we’d know the difference? It’s not like they’re just flying around offering their side of the story” Sam got up from his chair, making his way closer to Dean in the kitchen, his interest in the conversation a mix of incredulity at Dean’s thoughts and of wondering about these creatures “And if they were I bet they wouldn’t be willing to simply have a heart to heart with one of us.”
The moment he could no longer hear the footsteps he was out of the room,he made a mental note to return and take a closer look at the flowers, something felt off about them, but now there was no time to lose. He turned a corner which led to a dead-end, only a single door, on the opposite wall,  in front of him - this had to be it.
“Dad!” He tried, struggling to get the word out. He knew he had to try and calm his father down before things got seriously out of hand. Sometimes this was all it took, just calling out to him, snapping him out of the rage trip he was in. Other times, it had zero effect whatsoever. This was one of those times.
She smiled as she waved him off, leaning on Sam’s shoulder. Dean took a last look at her and wondered how he’d never seen her like this. She was a woman, a hunter, a fighter. There was no doubt in his mind she was perfectly capable of handling herself. Perhaps even better than Sam.
“But before, there is a pressing matter we must tend to. A question in dire need of an answer, does anyone know what I’m talking about?” Metatron looked around, eyes scrutinizing every angel present.
Dean found it very hard to keep Cas in the friend zone, where he desperately needed him to be, for the sake of not going crazy. But when Cas said stuff like that, it was proving hard to do. It wasn’t Cas’s fault, the angel social skills classes in Heaven were clearly lacking. The thing was, sometimes Cas said things, and they didn’t exactly mean what Dean wanted them to. He was getting used to it by now, so he just gave him a quick smile and a nod.
Dean felt no different than he did when he was 14 and done some stupid shit Jonh was absolutely right to tear him a new one about.
Never had the distance between the kitchen and the front door seemed so far. He felt like a gazelle in those nature shows Sam liked to watch, just running across the savannah under the watching eyes of the lion, knowing fully well he was just lucky to get away because the lion allowed him to.
Dean’s heart was nearly beating out of his fucking chest, he wanted to keep his hands steady by his sides but they insisted on trembling - whether it was the cold, plain weariness, or his nerves finally catching up to him, he didn’t know - so, he closed them into fists, and tried to steady his breath.
“How is Heaven organized?” Dean remembered that Castiel had often referred to himself as a soldier, and that had always left him to wonder if Heaven had ranks, like the military, which in turn, left him to wonder what Cas’s rank could be. He wondered how a place like Heaven would even have the need for a hierarchy.
When he finally let his head hit his pillow, trying to sleep away the day he’d had, something kept him restless.
Castiel rolled his eyes and got up from where he was sitting, stepping closer to Dean so he could be of comfort.
“Yeah, it is,” relief washed over him. This was going to turn into a fight anyway, might as well bite and get it over with, so he could go on about his business.
“Interesting,” Metatron raised his eyebrows, as he pulled the blade from the carcass of the angel, cleaning it with a pocket-handkerchief.
“Dean,” he heard Cas’s voice, low and raspy, but it was there. He opened his eyes, still not letting go of the amulet. It was glowing now, bright and blue through his fingers. Almost as blue as the eyes looking up at him. “Dean,” Cas repeated, “I’m okay.” A soft exhale from him made Dean realize he wasn’t breathing himself.
“If you say so. What are you gonna do about it? You can’t just keep sulking around the place, are you thinking of going for it, or pushing him out of your mind?”
There was no time, though, to feel any sort of way about his first angel-kill, because more angels were at their throats, and Dean’s face collided right into a fist, that left him seeing black around his peripheral vision. A body was over him, large and heavy, and his lungs felt like they were about to collapse under the weight. His hold on the blade weakened, and he felt the cold, unmistakable feel of a blade against this Adam's apple.
Dean was in deep shit and he knew it. He wondered if Jo had already made any comment about what she saw, and if that was the case this argument would turn into a full-blown fight in just a few minutes. He should just stall. “Excuse me?”
He swung the door open, whistling a song. His arms were filled with way more guns than he even thought he would need, but he wasn’t sure what he would be going up against and
They made their way, carefully, around each truck, the white lights above them creating a low hum until they finally got to the door - of course, it had to be locked.
They had wasted so much time through futile restraint and useless denial already. Now, standing so close, sharing the same air, awaiting the same fate, it all seemed so pointless. All his worries washed away, and Dean was sure that if being this close to Cas felt this good, he didn’t really mind eternal damnation.
“No, just, let me finish,” Dean continued. He needed to say more, to explain, to no longer leave Cas in the dark. His dad had taught him, in hunts, that when delivering the news of a death to a loved one, to be as swift as possible, blunt and emotionless. The worst thing you could give anyone right before they found out a loved one was dead, was that little shred of hope, and Dean didn’t even manage to get it right for Cas.
their tongues tangled. He tightened his grip on Castiel’s hair but just as quickly as it had started, he felt the angel pull his lips away from him.
“No, no way, I’m not dragging Bobby into this,” Dean said, nodding his head profusely. “Out of the question.”
“Your necklace, what is it?” Castiel’s eyes dropped down from Dean’s face to his chest, where the brass pendant dangled from the black cord around Dean’s neck.
“Tomorrow night,” Curt smiled at the confusion apparently clear on the hunter’s face, “sooner than you expected?”
“There’s no need to lie to yourself like that,” Castiel wondered why Dean made a habit out of making everyone believe he wasn’t hurt. He briefly asked himself if Dean was afraid that he would suggest healing him again.
“Dean you look like you’re having a stroke,” Sam’s face held that half-amused, half-mocking grin and Dean realized he wasn’t dreaming after all.
“Listen man…” If there was ever a time where Dean thought he was making the wrong decision, this was it. The mere thought of his father finding out about this, made his whole body tense up. But what did his old man know, anyway? He was wrong, he had no idea of what was really going on - if there was a power shift at play in Heaven, they would all pay the price, and the one being who could prevent it was sitting right there in the box. Still, it was a lot to process, there was a need for trust that he had never given anyone before. He had to trust Castiel, and he would have to believe Michael. “If you’re telling the truth, and the jury’s still out on that, what would you have
“Yeah, we should probably skip the blacklight, though,” Dean grinned yet again, pleased with his humor, but Castiel ignored him,
The words echoed through his thoughts, each repetition sending a bigger wave of panic through his body. He tried to replay the moment when Cas left, trying to hear the exact words again, in hopes, there was anything to ease this feeling. But it was useless, he’d been so sure Cas was going to be at the meeting.
"Is this all they teach you in hell, you black-eyed son of a bitch?" Dean uttered angrily through his clenched teeth.
“Is it true?” Dean blurted out. He’d mean to keep his anger at bay, giving Castiel a chance to speak, but it got the best of him. Well so much for giving him the benefit of the doubt.
- and Dean’s feet seemed to forget how to walk, making him stumble and almost fall flat on his face.
“Why is it so hard for you to believe that good things do happen?” The angel looked at him with a strange expression. “I saved you from the pack of werewolves and I just healed your brother.”
“Shocker,” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “You know he’s only fucking with you right? He just wants the power for himself, he’s as secretive about his motives as a gift wrapped in cellophane!”
he was a man, he could handle it, whatever it was they hushed in those meetings, Dean wanted to know. It felt personal now, like everyone was in on some sick joke he still didn’t get - Castiel, not telling him any more than what he “needed” to know, his dad, walking around with a holier than that attitude, always talking about angels like they were the most dangerous creatures out there, well he was starting to doubt it, had his dad even met an angel, apart from Michael? Well, he had! And Castiel wasn’t like they made them out to be. He just wanted
Cas reached for Dean’s arm and before he could take a step forward, the angel zapped them away. When he opened his eyes again, there was no more forest, no more open sky around them, and no possibility of getting shot at from the walls. It felt like coming off of one of those roller coasters when you’re just glad to have feet on the ground again.
He tried to see the grand scheme of things, he tried to see humans as a whole again, as either something to protect or something to crush, but a problem itched in the back of his mind -  a problem named
“What’s going on?”  Castiel asked, deciding he could go along with casual. Dean’s note hadn't been really helpful in explaining what had happened, and now they were half-kneeling behind Dean’s car, across the street from what looked like an industrial warehouse.
“He’s actually a bit of dick sometimes,” Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the memory of their heated arguments, because, somehow, he didn’t feel an ounce of resentment towards the angel. If anything, the memory of all those altercations only made his skin goosebump, remembering the heat of those moments, the way Cas’s jaw clenched, and that vein in his forehead popped.
“That’s fucked up man,” he ended up saying. “Do you know of anyone who would do something like that? What about that Megatron dude?”
Uriel visibly tensed. “Then get rid of them one way or another, I don’t care how you do it. Just make sure the Winchester family won’t get in the way of the plan.”
“And I’ll email you whatever we can dig up here.” With every step Dean tried to take towards the door, Sam remembered another thing to say. Maybe he was worried about not seeing him again too, Dean thought. That idea was enough to send Dean, opened armed into a tight hug. Sam’s arms wrapped all around him, and he was face deep in Sam’s armpit, but it was worth it.
“Who’s to say? I don’t trust him as far as I can throw him.” Gabriel admitted. “The one thing I know is the longer he holds his stance, the harder it will be for Michael to fix things.”
“As it turns out, some hunters ended up not keeping their end of the bargain, started killing rogue angels here and there, and they just went berserk after that” Sam explained, leaning back on the chair to check Dean’s reaction.
“I'm gonna go, okay? I’ll check in with you tomorrow” Dean grabbed his jacket from the coat hanger by the door, and closed it behind him without waiting for an answer.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that.” He looked at Gabriel, who seemed as perplexed as he was. “If I’d have known, I would’ve warned Cas.”
“That’s exactly what I think,” Bobby said with determination. “It’s been three months since we trapped Michael and they haven’t tried negotiating with us once, now that don’t make a lick of sense if you ask me.”
“Oh, and Sammy,” Dean called out one last time as his brother slid out, “don’t trust anyone. Not even dad. Especially not Dad.”
? Instead of trying to get back at the son of a bitch who killed mom, maybe if you’d have paid any attention to us, we’d still be a family. But no, that was more important. What would mom make of that, huh? You think she wanted this for us? For you? You’re pathetic.”
A noise from the outside burst his little bubble of worry. It was Rufus’s voice. He was yammering away, something about the kids (granted he called anyone under 50 a kid) that still hadn’t come to get their briefing.
“A guy like me, you know,” Maybe he didn’t know. Maybe Castiel didn’t see him the way he was. “A screw up”
He slowly got Sam up on his feet and made sure to support his brother’s weight. His right leg was searing with pain, but Dean couldn’t care less. As long as his brother was going to be fine. Cas had told him that Sam was gonna be okay, Dean kept repeating to himself.
Dean smiled at the angel in front of him. He wasn’t all evil and malicious as they made angels out to be. In fact, Dean would even go as far as to call him quite adorable, he would immediately have to kill anyone who heard him say that though.
“Yes.” Cas stood to his feet, too, but didn’t pay much attention to the storm outside. “I know where Gabriel is,” a small pause, and then “and they know I’ll be coming for him, so this isn’t going to be pretty.” He said it like he was giving Dean an out as if saying ‘last chance to back down’.
“We weren’t always this way, some of us still believe in our initial orders. We believe in humanity.”
“No we’ll just have the check, thanks,” he smiled at her hurriedly, trying to revert back to the conversation they were having, but it was over, the moment was gone.
“Winchester junior, senior, potato, potato,” Curt laughed and John looked like he was trying so hard not to curse at him, Dean thought his dad might spontaneously combust.
Dean seemed overwhelmed by this, “Look man, as much as I’d love to help, I’m pretty sure you’ve got the wrong guy. There’s nothing righteous about me.”
Sam and Dean had been on the road for nearly ten hours when they decided it was best to stop for breakfast.
“What is he after? Cas you gotta give me more than this, man.” Dean struggled to squeeze every last drop of information he could, knowing that Castiel wouldn’t tell him any more than he needed to know.
Dean grunted in disappointment and frustration as he noticed Cas pulling away even further. Both of their breathing heavy and Cas’s lips were still red from his, Dean’s eyes couldn’t focus on anything else but those lips.
He hadn’t noticed it until now, his vision getting blurry, but stray tears had fallen from his face, his gloves catching a drip here and there, and his mind drifted again, this time not angry anymore, just… empty -
specifically. He was used to cooking his own dinners, and Sam’s - nothing very fancy. The noodles Cas was making were his specialty,
“What are you looking for?” Cas asked, finally. Dean tried not to think about the conversation they’d just left hanging.
“What the hell is an angel doing here, with Commander Barnes and my father of all people?” He didn’t even expect Castiel to answer him, hell, he looked more confused than him if that was possible.
In his peripheral vision, he could see Cas standing over one body, and about to kill the next one. This meant Dean had to take care of the gorilla-sized, halo-wearing prick on his own, and sooner rather than later. His hand went immediately to the gun tucked in his jeans, he knew this was the first and last moment he’d have the element of surprise on his side. The angels were still ignorant to the fact that the hunters had melted blades into bullets.
"So here we are," Dean stated awkwardly, not really sure of what to say. The truth of their opposite sides had always been hanging over their heads, but never had it been more evident.
“Shit,” He said, out loud, as he tried the door and it was unlocked. He burst in, forgetting to close the door behind him. “Cas!” he called out for the humped-down figure on the floor.
He scanned around the room, letting his eyes adjust to the darkness as his heart slowed down enough for him to breathe normally again.
Dean took the silence as his cue, and finally plopped down next to Sam, but his mind was elsewhere. Whether Cas was going to be at the negotiation, and he knew his dad would definitely be there, his heart raced more than he’d care to admit with a novelty worry. When Cas left he had looked angrier than Dean had ever seen him, and that was saying something. The same anger had spread across the angel’s face when he’d realized what John had done to Dean, and in that moment he crossed his fingers and hoped to the ever-loving god (if there even was one) that Cas wouldn’t try to intervene.
A sober moment of lucidity flashed through Dean’s mind, remembering his father. “I can’t go home like this,” He thought of how unpleasant it’d be waking up, hungover, and having to deal with all this in the morning. “Can you just zapp me to the cabin?”
He took a deep breath, the back of his freshly shaved head against the impala’s head-rest, and rubbed his eyes roughly with his palms. He had an angel in the passenger seat of the car his dad had given him, where Sam would probably sit in the next few days - this all still seemed so unbelievable… His whole town was hyper-vigilant, all on the lookout for angel appearances, and here he was helping the enemy. And yet, somehow, it didn’t feel wrong, it didn’t feel like he was aiding the enemy, for some reason, he trusted Cas wasn’t his foe, even starting to see him as his friend.
“What are you-” Dean’s voice cut out, and for a second Castiel was afraid to open his eyes, nervous to face the hunter’s expression.
Metatron smirked as he drove the knife even deeper into Joshua’s body until the shiny metal was no longer visible. The sounds of ripping flesh and muscles grew louder but yet another loud shriek burst from Joshua’s lips, drowning them out. Then Metatron drew back the knife and watched the angel crumpling to the ground in agony, blood flooding quickly from the wound in his abdomen. He watched as Joshua’s entire body convulsed on Heaven’s marble white floors and waited until the guttural choking sound stopped.
Lightning struck and just seconds after, thunder echoed through the forest. The circle tightened once more and the angels showed the first signs of fear, restless.
“I mean we’re still friends,” It was more of a question than a statement, and he was clearly trying to convince himself and not Sam, “We talk,
Cas’s body tensed for a second, before removing his hand from his lap and letting Dean rest his legs on the angel’s lap. And as soon as Dean let himself relax, melting into the couch cushions, he didn’t have much trouble asleep.
“Hey Cas,” He walked in as Cas stepped back into the room. He wore a pale greenish button-up, and a pair of jeans Dean could easily identify as his own. Giving it an inspecting look, he also figured that the angel was also wearing his shirt, he just wasn’t used to seeing it over bare skin - Dean used it mostly to layer between a t-shirt and a jacket.
“It’s a flower.” Dean frowned, that was about the last thing he expected, the idea of hunters going above and beyond to store some wilting flowers inside a tightly wrapped box in a warehouse seemed nonsensical to him.
"Fucking idjits, those sorry sons of bitches," Bobby cursed as he threw down the phone on the table, it landed with a loud bang.
Sam’s eyes widened as far as they’d go without popping out of their sockets, “You had sex with him? How is that nothing?” he whispered in a tone that might as well have been shouting. Dean looked around, paranoid.
Dean’s mind didn’t immediately comprehend the question until he realized that his shirt was stuck to his back like a wet blanket. God, he must smell awful, and if he wasn’t completely drained he might have cared that Castiel was sitting only inches away from him.
he thought, for getting caught in his 'flusteredness' before. She showed him her perfectly Colgate white teeth, slowly biting her bottom lip provocatively.
When Dean had said he wanted to know more about angels, this wasn’t what he had in mind. The phrase ‘be careful what you wish for’ practically laughed in his face.
However, Dean felt more impressed than he would ever admit to. Angels might be dicks, but this was awesome.
“I could have sworn I saw this thing glow the other day,” Dean’s voice was soft, Cas had come to learn it was always more gentle when it was just the two of them in the dark, far away from the world outside.
“This is a lovely picture,” Castiel said, unperturbed by Dean’s reaction. “Is it your mother?” His voice was mellow and delighted. It completely unarmed Dean, who just stood there, flabbergasted.
“We cannot let them have their freedom,” the angel Uriel spoke from the table that seated his brothers and sisters.
The truth was that Dean was in no mood to deal with the rocky relationship between them. He had actually been in a terrible mood ever since he had started worrying about Cas, well more than his usual troubling thoughts involving the angel.
It must have been mere seconds before Dean eventually turned around, but it felt like the longest seconds of Castiel’s eternal life. Whatever possessed him to think turning around would be a good idea, he didn’t know, this wasn’t any better at all, Dean’s back turned to him, allowing his eyes to wander through his back, to his neck, to his jeans and how they fit him, suddenly he had no idea what to do with his arms. He actually considered disappearing from the closet, flying somewhere else, anywhere else, where there was space, but he couldn’t risk using his grace.
. The effect Cas had over him had to be an angel thing, because there was no way anyone could turn Dean Winchester into this pathetic, fumbling mess, just by touching his temple.
“I-'' Cas wanted to say more, but his mind wasn’t catching up. He had started a sentence he had no idea how to end. So he just stopped trying. He closed his eyes for a second, gathering himself. Why did he have to open his mouth in the first place? His mind ran through the implications of telling him he wanted to stay. He should’ve just waited for Dean to tell him to go, he could have just left, he could still just…
“I’m telling you I don’t know,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I was puppy chowder and then suddenly I woke up in the old outpost place.”
“No,” Dean wanted to stop talking but he couldn’t do it, he couldn’t keep all of it in anymore. There were too many secrets, too many lies, and too many fucking feelings, all stashed inside “I did something, and it was so stupid, but I can’t take it back and now everything is messed up. He just looks at me like a- ” Dean had to stop himself from saying any more, while he wanted to tell Sam everything, it was probably best to leave out the part about this guy, who’d totally passed up on him, being an actual angel.
“Answer me,” Dean pressed. He had to know what had haunted him all these years. “Hey,” he snapped his fingers and the angel’s bright blue eyes finally met his own.
“The warding is stronger here, I can feel it.” Cas squinted as he took in his surroundings. “And I can feel Gabriel’s presence. He’s underground.”
“Castiel?” Dean called out into the empty alley. He felt really stupid trying to call someone who probably wasn’t even on the same fucking planet.
“But that won’t help us defeat them of course,” Curt added as if he didn’t notice Dean’s brain folding in on itself.
“But seriously, Dean, I have never seen you like this. Usually, it’s some poor girl that pining after
He looked back at the Tibetan bowl on the desk, clay and rough on the outside and golden on the inside, a single yellow flower floating in the middle - the smell invading his nostrils, sweet and yet extremely unpleasant. “Interesting” He repeated, incapable of holding a small laugh.
Dean Winchester didn’t really resent his father for the time he spent hunting. After all, he got to spend some time with his dad while he taught him about hunting. And whenever his dad wasn’t around, he would practice on his own or take care of his younger brother. Sometimes he felt bad for Sam, as he didn’t like hunting the way Dean did, and therefore he didn’t get to spend as much time with their dad. But Sam had their aunt Ellen, who was always there for them. Their mother had tragically passed away when Dean was only four years old. She was supposedly killed in a demon hunting accident, but their father never talked about it. When Sam got a little older he started asking all these questions about their mother that Dean never really knew how to answer. He told him what she looked liked and how she used to sing them to sleep, but truth was, he didn't remember much more about her either.
“So if heaven doesn’t serve deep-fried food I’m guessing it doesn’t exactly fit the picture-perfect image that people have created either? Please don’t tell me heaven is only offering memberships to health freaks?”
“You okay?” Dean’s voice pierced through the hours-long silence, like the first sip of water hitting his tongue, and he was parched.
“Then what the hell happened there?”  Dean knew that this wasn’t how angels were perceived nowadays - it’s not what they learned in school. They were taught that angels were dangerous creatures of immense power and little to no moral obligations, that they were jealous of humans for being God’s most perfect creation, made in His image, and given this entire planet, while they were forced to remain hidden for centuries.
“Would you allow me to heal you?” Again, Cas’s voice was so soft, so gentle, and Dean wasn’t sure if he would ever get used to it.
It had surprised Castiel how much it’d affected him when he saw a hint of fear flash across the hunter’s face that night, Dean, who had always put up a brave front whenever he was around Castiel, had been visibly scared of him. That had to be what bothered him the most, even above all he’d been accused of, the thing that made him hate that moment, was the sheer look of terror, etched across Dean’s face - a face he’d come to know like the back of his own hand, had produced an expression so unbefitting, so out of place that it left a mark in Castiel. He never wanted to see that look again on Dean Winchester.
Dean whistled, he couldn’t imagine so many angels being in one place at the same time. “Wait, what kind of training do angels need?”
Dean nodded, to let the angel know he was, indeed, okay. And they stayed like that for a while, just breathing, eyes staring back at each other in what Dean would consider a very awkward stare down on any other occasion. How much time passed before Castiel got up, he had no idea, the only indicator being the beam of sun that had moved from the floor to the couch as the earth made its turn around the sun.
“You were in the shower,” Castiel shrugged, it wasn’t a big deal to him, he had barely been gone for ten minutes. “I called out to tell you but you must’ve not heard me.”
“Gabriel seems to think so.” This was Gabriel’s plan, Gabriel’s whole idea, it was only fair he took the hit from Dean’s denial.”
“Huh? So what do you think?” Dean asked with about the biggest grin possible on his face, as he watched Castiel take his first bite.
“What’s wrong?” Despite his best efforts to act as if everything was fine, it was obvious in his stance that it wasn’t. He took a deep breath, letting his forehead rest on the crook of her neck as he made an effort to work out what was bugging him.
“Yes, I have entrusted some of the most loyal angels in my garrison with the task of staying informed.” Uriel agreed, his eyes not even looking away from Metatron to meet Joshua’s, like his brother wasn’t due any respect in this matter.
“I see,” a smile flashed over Cas’s face briefly, before ordering Dean to go rest. “Go sit down on the couch, and try not to move too much.”
Bobby didn’t respond, instead, he gave Dean a look that could mean he was either constipated or, and this was the more likely option, it meant ‘we’ll talk later’. Sam stared between them, his mind obviously catching on to the unspoken looks, but he didn’t look caught up on the whole ordeal, so if Bobby did know something, he was yet to share it with Sam.
They needed to work out how this would happen, how Castiel could convince Metatron that he was on his side. Every day it grew harder to maintain the appearance of a loyal follower, but Cas knew it was just until they could free Michael - after that, all the cards would be on the table and there was no turning back.
“Can we not go over this again? I know the dude’s not into me. Which I know, is hard to believe, guess it happens to the best of us.”  Dean gave her a smug smile and raised his beer bottle.
“But you're not going to answer my questions either, am I right?” Dean felt like he was stalling, he was trying to think of something - anything better than letting the angel get away.
A figure was standing in front of him, barely visible in the dark apart from his features which were sparsely illuminated by a single source of light.
“Your son was ambushed and barely made it out alive, you should try showing some concern.” Bobby’s voice was more of a low growl.
“Hey Cas, did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” Dean’s words slurred a little and he couldn’t help but laugh at the irony.
“Speaking of distasteful affairs, I also learned about your little human rendezvous,” Gabriel’s face looked smug.
“You know as well as I do, brother, that Metatron has no interest in freeing Michael. His aim is to start a never-ending war with humans. By proving to his followers that humans are merciless and will cross every boundary that has ever been set by Heaven.” Gabriel continued, looking him in the eyes, almost, Cas thought, as if trying to see into him.
Metatron turned to her, his head tilted slightly and an eerie smile spread across his face. “We play,” he paused again, causing a stir of confusion amongst the other angels at the table.
“One of them was an angel,” Cas’ cut through the silence and added to Dean’s state of shock with yet another piece of shocking information. He couldn’t even register what Cas had just said.  “His name is Gadreel.”
The shadows cast by the moonlight hit the forest ground, making it so that it looked as if the trees were alive and moving amongst themselves. The wind whistling through sounded like an audience had come to pay witness to the events that were about to unfold, under the careful watch of the dozens of eyes that blinked in the dark.
“If we want to be surrounded within seconds. The heat I would conjure is too strong Dean, I would probably melt the whole door off.”
It seemed that luck was on his side, either that or Cas was an extremely heavy sleeper, which was what he was going for,
This human was becoming a regular passenger in his mind, all their late-night encounters, all their conversations seemed to exist in a space where time and place did not - like they had no beginning and no end, they just lingered there. In the same realm of existence as Dean’s prayers, whose words echoed in the distance, always ringing in the back of Castiel’s mind, like a song he just couldn’t get out of his brain. And for the most part, this was okay. This was acceptable. It was just something Castiel had been learning to live with - this constant voice inside, Dean’s voice - he’d gotten used to it. But in this moment, he wished he could just erase all memory of this voice.
“Ah yes, his little pet,” Gabriel smiled as if he was remembering something. “Did you know Metatron makes him wear a collar?”
"You guys go ahead, I’ll be right up," he told them. Sam tried to protest but Dean just ushered them away. He waited until they got into their cars before he returned to the hallway towards the direction where he thought he’d seen the light.
Castiel didn’t seem to budge, so Dean hastily moved around him, trying to ignore the electricity that palpated through his entire body, as he grazed him on his way out of the bathroom.
He watched as Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, still looking disheveled and hair wet and pointing in all directions. He had changed into clothes that weren’t much different from his own, denim jeans, a black shirt but he was wearing a great button-up instead of the usual plaid. Castiel’s head tilted as he tried to understand what was going on. A shuddering thought crossed his mind - did Dean flee to the bathroom because he didn’t like the distance Castiel had closed between them?
“You like what you see?” She giggled, laying on the couch, waiting for him. Dean nodded as he dropped his jeans on the floor, and joined her on the couch, one leg on the inside of hers and the other steadying him on the ground by the sofa. She moaned, a bit exaggeratedly, when his thigh pressured against her, it wasn’t an unpleasant sound, her moaning, but it echoed in his eardrum, and he just wasn't feeling it. He tried to shake the feeling away, focusing on her neck, kissing her from the collarbone, up to her lips - sweet and cherry tasting, delicate.
He tried to occupy the rest of his night with reading and watching one of the Clint Eastwood films he’d downloaded into his laptop. His wristwatch displayed the numbers to indicate it was already 1 am when he finally decided to try to get some sleep.
A whole minute must’ve passed before Cas furrowed his brow faintly, his eyes squinting as he answered, his voice conflicting with the words he spoke “A bubble bath”.
The past week Dean had spent trying to obey his father’s every order, much to Sam’s disapproval. Most of his free time was spent at Bobby’s, who insisted they tried to figure whatever the hell had happened that night. Dean’s leg was still giving him hell, but it was slowly starting to get better.
“Oh that’s very rich,” Dean’s heart was beating faster with every second. “You know what, screw you, Cas! You don’t get to lecture me on being safe while you go off on a fucking suicide mission.” He wished he could stop yelling, he didn’t want to go down this route again, not with everything at stake, but every fiber of his body seemed lit up by anger. “I don’t care what stupid thing you’re about to do, what elbow-deep shit you’re in, but I’m not letting you do it alone.”
They sat down at Grandma’s Breakfast Nook, Dean had snorted at the name. Bobby had called to let them know he was going straight back to the command center, to tell (or yell at) commander Barnes about the ambush.
The smell in the kitchen was heavenly and for a second Dean could have sworn he damn nearly cartoon-style floated towards the spare ribs, watching as Ellen glazed them with homemade barbeque. Just 15 minutes, and a mysterious spoon-shaped bruise on Dean’s hand later, dinner was ready to be served.
He slowed, waiting to see if Rufus was buying what he was selling. When there weren’t any red flags, he continued. “And I couldn’t sleep, so I figured, might as well make myself useful. Bet this is pretty crowded during the day, right?”
There was one thing he knew for certain, he would have to find Jo as soon as possible and make sure she didn’t breathe a word of that day to anyone.
“Oh no,” Curt laughed, “I consider myself more of an angel specialist. I don’t bother with all the other monsters of the world, that work gets way too dirty.”
“Dean there’s no reason to be nervous.” Castiel could tell he was jittery. Getting up and walking around, checking the windows, even though he knew Gabriel would just appear in the middle of the living room - he wouldn’t see him coming.
Dean looked at the shorter man in front of him, he wasn’t exactly the hunter type but there was no denying that he looked like he was knowledgeable. His grey beard aged him a little, and his posture wasn’t exactly fighter worthy, but other than that he fit in with the people around the city. For a second Dean wondered why commander Barnes, and the other hunters, had decided to trust Curt in the first place, them being the most suspicious bastards on the entire planet and all. But there was no denying his skills and his willingness to help the city out, so Dean wouldn’t deny his admiration for this guy's work.
“Exactly, the current situation is bad enough as it is. But I have a job to do and it’s to make sure nothing happens to you, so I’m
There was that slight head tilt again, Castiel’s face straight and his eyes almost unblinking, staring at Dean, who would have thought it was almost kind of endearing had he not been occupied with almost choking.
’ list he kept in his mind. Spaghetti Tacos and Ginger Ale, he grinned as Cas managed to make the biggest mess ever, tomato sauce all over his hands and chin, but an amused smile and full mouth.
Castiel sat up straight on the couch, moving closer to where Dean was sitting, his fingers stretched out until they touched the skin above the hunter’s eyebrow. He seemed lost in thought for a second, and Dean tried hard not to feel flustered at the sudden intimate touch, he was not expecting Cas to brush his thumb over his scar, and he certainly didn’t expect the warmth that spread through the back of his neck and down his spine, pooling right where Dean didn’t want to think about, with Cas hovering so close to him.
Metatron nodded along, “Well, you see… angels like us, we’re powerful.” a condescending smirk curling on his lips. “Which is why, Castiel, I value you. You’re more than a soldier, more than a blindly herded sheep. And it is also why I will give you the benefit of the doubt, if you think it’s best to keep the Winchesters alive, I trust your judgment. I will not question your familiarity with them, or well one in particular.”
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean hissed at him, and then in a whining mumble he added, “not even second base, and I’m pretty sure I stole the first one.” which only had Sam laughing harder. Dean didn’t think it was that funny, but Sam’s laugh was contagious and next thing he knew, he was trying hard to conceal a smile of his own.
He knew this cabin wasn’t Dean’s, it didn’t belong to one hunter, in particular, it was, like many others, a cabin for hunters to spend the night outside the walls if they needed to. Back before their walls were protected by warding, Dean had explained to him, it was used as outposts, to look out for potential threats to the city. Nowadays it was mostly used to receive guests from the outside seeing as no strangers were allowed in the city. The keys were kept at the command center inside the city, and they were supposed to return them when they were done with them. Dean had kept his keys, and so far, no one had even noticed. So, Castiel knew this wasn’t Dean’s place, but it was the closest he would ever get to see, and there were some small details that showed a bit of Dean through. Like the pantry, fully stocked with shrimp noodles and cereal, the fridge filled with beer and eggs. A small cassette player, with two or three tapes on the side, and hanging from one of the chairs, a hoodie tossed over.
“So,” He tried to change the topic of the conversation, and curiosity having the best of him, he probed a little deeper, “Anything else that you’ve never tried?”
“Yes, it’s very likely they stripped him of his grace and are keeping it from him. They have to be keeping it very far away from him, though, as archangel grace is not keen on being away from the archangel, and once it is close enough it will jump back in at the first opening it sees.”
and he was sure he would probably be better off if he was doing it himself. Make them the way he liked it, and it wasn’t like he couldn't, he wasn’t
Dean kicked at one of the small rocks near his feet, the whole appearing in his dream thing was still kinda freaking him out, but he didn’t want to think about it in case Castiel
Thanks again to my amazing friend and beta Fred, who you can find on Tumblr @deanqueerchester, honestly she's awesome and this story wouldn't be anywhere without her ♥
He chuckled a bit as he walked away, promising to call. He knew damn well he wouldn't but still, he wouldn’t just toss them.
Dean kicked off his boots and plopped down in front of the tv. The fire was crackling in the fireplace casting a warm glow across the room. It was a great contrast to the cold stormy weather outside. Dean shuddered as the violent gusts of wind swept against the side of the cabin. Training had been canceled today because of the storm outside which meant he actually got some free time for once. He looked over to find Sam hunched over his laptop in the exact position he had been in when Dean had left for the command center. He wondered if Sam had moved at all today.
Dean turned to search for Cas’s eyes, expecting to see a pained expression, for Cas to see his brother, his friend, like this must be awful. But he was wrong, the Cas he saw was stoic, a soldier; focused and resolute. He followed Cas’s every move as his fingers slid their way over and around the iron bars that separated them.
Dean Winchester planned to let go of every angel-related event that had happened the past couple of weeks. He wanted to move on and forget the whole thing ever happened. Sam, however, seemed to have the exact opposite idea. He kept bringing up the mysterious healing incidents, which by now were plural,
“I figured you probably haven’t tried beer either,” Dean announced, as to explain himself. “And ain’t no time like the present, am I right?”
“The what now?” Dean looked at him, feeling a bit stupid for asking. He didn’t want Cas to think he was dim or anything, but this felt more like the kind of thing Sam would know, and he wasn’t like that, not book smart like Sam. He
John just glared at him with a look that said ‘have you gone absolutely mental?’. “What’s gotten into you, Dean?” John took a few steps towards his son, his voice more of a growl. “And what the hell do you think you were doing in my office last night?
The light from the amulet beamed brighter with Castiel’s pride and relief, and he couldn’t help but let out a laugh. For months he had been holding on to the fear that Dean detested every part of him that distinguished him from being human, but the sight in front of him contradicted every part of those troubling thoughts.
He opened his eyes reluctantly, feeling even more annoyed when he found the whole room was still dark enough to be asleep for at least a few more hours, and that this single stray beam fell on his face directly, and
Castiel followed Dean’s gaze and his eyes locked on the same box, resting on the lowest shelf. He bent down to pick it up, and Dean almost flinched, having half expected the box to blow up in the angel’s hands. He watched as Castiel did the last thing that would’ve come to his mind - he smelled the box.
Dean nodded and got ready for the dizzying feeling he knew was coming as Cas set two fingers on his forehead. A gentle press and a blast of blue light later, and they were somewhere else. He knew it before he even opened his eyes, they weren’t in the cabin anymore.
The thought made its way into Dean’s mind, at first, timidly, just an idea of the angel, taking him here. And then, more vividly, preoccupying with everything that entailed - he’d fallen asleep, that was for sure, back at the lake, and Castiel had to have carried him here,
“Yeah, I guess.” He took another gulp of the barely warm coffee. “We’ve both got shit to deal with, don’t we?”
“Fine, go then,” Dean snapped at him. The soft emotions and vulnerability he’d raveled in just in the last minutes gave way to an intense feeling of aggravation, the words Cas said echoing in his mind, leaving a burning, almost like a stabbing pain, clearly magnified by the bourbon.
“We could talk later? You seem very distracted.”Castiel said as he got up in a haste, leaving the room, clearly avoiding eye contact and Dean almost smacked himself in the head for making him uncomfortable again.
He gestured towards the car, and Cas understood he meant to leave. Dean felt weird getting into the car, like he was cutting some sort of invisible tether between them, like he was moving backwards. It was a strange feeling that nested deep inside him.
“I am an angel of the Lord, a soldier, and strategist for Heaven, I have led armies through wars you can’t even begin to imagine, I’ve seen things that would haunt your worst enemy’s nightmares, and you think, that if I was manipulating you, you’d realize? And you’d have a chance to confront me?” A light chuckle erupted from the angel’s mouth, giving all this soliloquy a grimace to it, the air between them thick and heavy. Dean had never felt this petrified since the moment the angel first manifested himself, he had never felt so small, so impotent against this celestial being, his mind drifting to his school years, the notion of angels as terror-striking creatures of never-ending power. “Think again, Dean - if I wanted anything from you, I would have it by now.”
Alone in this godforsaken motel parking lot, he stopped dodging the idea that Castiel made him feel some type of way, it was undeniable. He was strikingly handsome, incredibly powerful, the way he carried himself sent shivers down Dean’s spine - that he was absolutely physically enticed by him was nothing new at this point, just something he’d come to terms with in the back of his mind, something he’d let take over in the wee hours of the night, but push down in the light of day, but there was something else, that awkwardness, the innocence of his newness to this world, made him endearing and
The toaster made a sound, tossing the pieces of bread up in the air, at the same time Sam walked into the kitchen.
Once he felt the hot water run over his back he couldn’t help but let out a relieved sigh. He let the warmth relax his muscles, closing his eyes as the water ran across his face, washing away the trace of any tears.
“It’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel said in a voice that made Dean laugh even harder.  ”It just kept multiplying and rising and then I could hardly see the room anymore.”
“It’s Heaven,” Castiel sighed, his soft and relaxed demeanor immediately replaced by the more rigid and serious angel Dean knew all too well. “They need me right now, the orders were pretty clear.”
just the thought of the name sent shivers down his spine, and in that moment all he felt was anger, nothing else, every emotion wearing the face of red, bright red, anger. -
“I don’t care, you’re gonna have to break things off. You’re only putting her in danger, and worse you’re putting our family in danger.”
“You’re drunk,” Castiel rolled his eyes, laughing at Dean’s failed attempt to produce entire sentences. “I’m taking you back.”
“I am grieving the death of my brothers and sisters, I am dealing with that in my own way. However, I do not feel any type of anger towards you, Dean. You were not the one who killed them, you weren’t there last night so you have no reason to apologize.”
Some notes for you at the beginning this time! Welcome to chapter 8, it's another long one! I've decided to add some poetry to this story, because hey, I like it. This chapter also features so art from the incredible wantstoflyafraidtofall (on Tumblr), honestly their artwork fits the scene so well!
“Really?” Dean felt the rage build up. “And how exactly am I doing that?’ Oh, if only his dad knew half of it, really he was putting Cas in danger, so much more than his family because he knew for certain, Castiel wouldn't hurt them. He sighed mentally, he didn’t know, actually, but he wanted to believe it so bad, he’d put his money where his mouth was, or in this case, his family.
“And have you?” Metatron’s questions were short and concise, speaking to him as if he was a young seraph, slowly and loudly, and it was getting on his nerves “Gotten rid of them?”
“You told Cas?” The appalled look on Sam’s face was quickly replaced by the look of betrayal when he connected the next dots. “You told Cas before you told me.” The hurt look spread across his brother’s face exactly the way it used to when they were kids, giving Dean those eyes that made him do anything for the damn kid.
“You do it the best you can, boy,” Bobby stood up and placed a hand on his shoulder, offering a warm (yet uncharacteristic) smile. It just made Dean uneasy. His stomach churned. “We ain’t letting you do this alone, and if we go down, we go down swinging.”
“Yeah, so I've noticed,” Dean made sure not to step back. “Then let me rephrase my question here,” his next words were spoken with venom in his tone. “
“Shut the fuck up Cas, we either do this together or we don’t do it at all.” He grabbed his gun again, and shot multiple times at the lock, ignoring the way Cas was looking at him, in a frenzied dread. Now that it was Dean’s life at stake too, he seemed to weigh his options more carefully.
“Yeah, that was kind of the whole point of the notes,” Dean sighed in frustration, trying hard to swallow down his anger because he really didn’t want to do this today. “You’re okay, I guess that’s all that matters-,”
“Dean, I’m not blind, you’re obviously keeping something from me,” Sam looked at him. “But I also know you would never lie to me unless you thought it was necessary.”
