There was a long pause for a little while before confirmation.
“You’ve been missing for a while, Merchant. Where’ve you been?” Steve stared down the man before him. His hair was a wreck, and his grin was more manic then smooth as it had been back in his office all those months ago.
After the initial meeting that the family had that morning Steve had assigned Bucky to go to Stark Industries. Steve was convinced that since Bucky had only one arm that Tony wouldn’t be as nervous around him. That they might be able to get him to go over to their side. But they hadn’t thought about Tony being with the Merchant… Hadn’t considered why they would be close in the first place.
“Whatever you are about to say, shut it.” Tony brought his hands away from his face, glowering at the intern that had opened his door. She was cute, small, not Tony’s type at all.
Taking a seat on the edge of his desk Tony scowled at the both of them. They didn’t take a seat, they remained standing. With the revelation now obvious Steve let go of his easy shield, scowling at Tony with blue piercing eyes. (Hadn’t already mentioned how he doesn’t like scowls?) “Alright, fine. I’m close to the Merchant, but to get anything done in this town I must be close to the man who holds the cards. I give him guns he protects me. It’s a give and take relationship.”
“Can you tell if we have enough juice to make it out?” Cap asked.
“Hold out that hammer, will you?” Iron Man asks, still hovering. Thor extends the arm holding Mjolnir obligingly. Iron Man flies close enough to reach out with the opened vial and catch some of the goo dripping off the hammer. He settles back in the air and stoppers the vial with a flourish. “Great. All set. Now let’s get home before Thor ends up naked on the street.”
Some time passes. Tony pats Steve’s back, rubs his shoulder, heads back to his car. He drives away. His tracks are quickly covered by the snow.
Tony thinks, kicking off his shoes and shedding clothes across the floor. He always wanted him to get hitched to someone powerful, always moved the goalposts, grabby, ambitious man that he was.
Tony's brain seems to process this, and then all at once push him up to speed. "I am concussed." He announces.
Tony pulls his head to the side, shuts his eyes and lets it happen. “Good bitch,” Steve rewards, mumbling, pushing up slightly on his forearms, “gonna treat you right.” His lips are so soft; when he fumbles his hands between them to bracket Tony’s head, it’s awkward, clumsy, unlike the Steve that Tony has grown used to these past few months.
“Captain,” Natasha says, seating herself next to him as Clint starts the jet “it’s… it’s good to see you.” And her voice is heavy with some sort of emotion that Steve doesn’t often get from her. “What, uh,” she clears her throat, tilts her head, starts again “where’s Tony?”
“Apartment. They discharged me last night.”
“This landed on my desk this morning from R&D. You know something weird? I couldn’t find any record of it on our servers. So top secret it didn’t even exist.”
Steve offers to drive him to the mansion. Tony doesn’t respond. He just upends his chest of drawers into a suitcase, throws in his laptop, gives back Steve’s sweaters. He drives away, and doesn’t take Steve’s calls.
“Well, it’s alright,” Steve says fondly, “I trust you.”
“Okay. But you’re not leaving here dressed like that.”
“Tony, who’s Mosely?” The doctor asks in one of their interrogations.
“I think he had other priorities,” Natasha says bluntly.
“So you joined them?”
“Figures, the big creep.”
Tony sighs, “better?”
It’s arduous. They are making Tony live. They are moving his body for him. Without medication, Tony appears to be unable to function, and yet Steve can’t understand why. He understands depression, God, does he understand depression, but this is unlike anything he’s ever seen; this is madness, or worse. How can Tony be living, breathing, talking, one minute and non-responsive the next? What triggers a change like that? It can’t all be the medication, can it?
“Yeah. Or read the books? There are seven.”
His instincts were correct – the safehouse is beneath a lake, the entrance on the wall of a dam. Tony can’t hear anything over the rushing water. He lights up, takes a deep drag, even though his lungs are still sore. Out here, his trance is lessened; whatever urge – itch – compelled him to leave the safety of his bed and alpha has gone.
“Wait,” Steve frowns, “how did you get this number?”
Tony shuts his eyes, gently fucks two fingers into himself. He sighs. “Well,” he says, “don’t let that stop you. I wouldn’t want you to – to not do something you enjoy on my account. Sir,” he adds.
Steve huffs a laugh. “Aww,” he says, “you want my knot, darling?”
He scents Steve, even if he can’t see him. Pierce is talking. Tony is… so zoned out. He is so, totally, fucking gone.
“That seems the opposite of mad. Seems pretty damn healthy to me.”
Wake up, eat. Work, eat. Work, rest. Talk, sleep. And repeat. Just do it. Just do it, just do it Steve, because he’s not coming back either way.
“I don’t know yet. Tell me what prompted it, and I’ll decide.”
He slips his arm out from under the sheets to wrap around Tony’s shoulders, turns his head to face him, eyes shut, brow slightly furrowed. Tony just observes. That strong nose, those pink lips. Stubble and scars, bruises. But all of him so blisteringly
“Bring who back?” Natasha asks.
Tony’s instinct is to cover his face and groan, but he can’t allow that. Fucking hell. This is worse than the time Howard sat him down to explain that he was going to be contracted and how
“No one wants to take anything, Tony. If we pause and go over — “
“And what?!”
“Not really,” Tony answers.
“Honestly… she said she didn’t know when she would be back. I’m sorry, I’m not going to — lie to you, or hold back anything because — whatever, I’ve seen what happens when I try to do that. She said she doesn’t know when she’ll be back.”
Tony doesn’t have fight in him to push it. “Okay,” he agrees. Steve’s blood scents like home. And it disturbs him.
“No no, don’t worry. You can keep going, sweetie, you’re not bothering me.” Tony slides answer, frowns. “Hello?”
Steve stills his head, drawing his fingers through his hair. He holds his fingers in place, smiling down at Tony while the other man is happy to just sit there with Steve's fingers in his mouth. He draws them out with a turgid 'pop' and wipes them clean on Tony's cheek, revelling in the way Tony blushes just slightly.
“I guess I would have had to start taking Steve’s money eventually,” she reasons. “Yeah, probably. Or started working again.”
he thinks they mock, “start paying your reparations.”
Tony shrugs a shoulder.
to hear my – “ Steve laughs “ – ultimate sexual fantasy, because apparently just getting on their knees for me turns them on.”
She smiles, and when Steve holds out his hand, pulls him into a hug. “It’s alright,” she says, stroking the back of his head, “c’mon, Captain. I’ve just finished dinner.”
Dead. And gone. Snuffed out, lying, broken, at the bottom of a crater in the Amazon, where no one will find his body, murdered by Gus, Gus who Tony had trusted, this is Tony’s fault and Steve is dead, oh God, oh God, Steve is dead, he can’t, he won’t—
“Oh. Sorry. I didn’t mean – “
“But you?”
“I don’t want to brag,” he says, voice rough in a way that means he’s holding back a laugh, “but the girl at the coffee shop knows my order.
“Don’t worry, I can make that better.”
“Don’t, Stark,” she says, lazily “or have you forgotten that, too?”
“He is not on earth,” Nebula says, stubbornly. “We have to go to him.”
Tony shrugs. “Tried to starve myself. Tried to… drown myself. Starve myself a bit more. Drink bleach. Bang my head against a wall. Starve myself, again.”
“Not quickly enough.”
Bruce sniffs slightly. Steve thinks he might be crying. “It was intentional,” he mutters, “it must have been. Tony knew cars, he knows how engines work, he wouldn’t — “
Steve grips his wrists, holds them down on the floor, nose nestled between his ass-cheeks, mouthing at his balls. “Oh, fuck,” Tony groans, twitches away, gets held firm. “Steve – maybe now is the best time to mention, there’s a room full of – oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, okay,” he finds himself nodding, hopelessly, pushing himself down against the feel of Steve’s tongue, “thank you, okay. This is fine, this is good, just – don’t stop.”
What alerts him, strangely enough, is the smell. Earth, old. Mouldy, even. Like the wet soil you get in the fall, when the leaves have crushed into the earth.
to see to you.”
“Hi,” Tony whispers. He stares forward, out over the savannah. The line of his back is – bent, bowed, like he can’t hold up his neck. He seems older, far far older, than Steve ever remembers, but then maybe he’s aged in the years since they fought. White hairs have peppered him temples, laughter lines on his face.
“I’m a special case,” Tony settles. “I was busy.”
“I don’t
“Your temperamental behaviour hasn’t gone unnoticed,” Fury supplements. “There’s a sizeable minority who think you’d do better on consultant basis.”
Anthony,
“Yes. Yes, I’m sorry. I’m sorry it was so fucking innocent of me to expect my partner to support me, to trust me on my word.”
Tony looks up, innocently. “What?”
“It might have a mild hallucinogenic effect at this concentration,” Pierce concedes. “You should try to avoid panicking.”
Steve frees his hands. "Do you want to do something extra special for me?"
"It's not a test." Tony answers.
Tony, the second voice says. You’re about to be very rude to the nice lady. Why don’t you dial back a bit?
When the call comes in, he’s sitting in a motel outside Albany.
“I know – it’s important, how we’re viewed, and what people think of us,” Tony gets out in a rush, “I promise it won’t happen again. I won’t let you down, Steve, and if – if we could come to some agreement… I mean, if we could just put this behind us, and pretend it never happened – “
He comes, hot and sticky between them. He feels
“You – you – “ Steve snorts in frustration, snarls at his lack of words. “
The man is shaking his head, drying his eyes. “Wait,” he says, “no. No, no, you can’t – you won’t be able to stop him – “
“I didn’t. Is that relieving for you to hear?”
Tony nods. Pierce’s eyes are hard. They’re fixed on him, urgent. His fingers are gripping his face.
He doesn’t finish the sentence.
“Morning,” he’d said easily. “Were you up early?”
"No. I don't understand what you mean."
Just so I know if the things I'm writing are coming across the way I want them to -- what do people think is in Tony's file that he's trying to keep secret?
clearly. I wasn’t.”
“It was the father,” Richards croaks.
“A good way to go,” Pepper corrects him. “I just wish that – I mean, I think – “
There’s one of him sleeping. Arm stretched out across Steve’s side, as if looking for company.
“I don’t know, I mean — you remember the hospital.”
. Tony’s.
"Where's tha'," Tony raises his hand, runs it over his scalp "where's it?"
“Better,” Tony says, and Steve’s smile is too genuine. It hurts that Steve wants to help him, now, after everything that’s happened. Tony wants to ask where all this concern was when he left Tony in Siberia.
“Tony? What’s up?” Cap stood and carefully walked over to him, risking it now that his feet were being pulled down towards the ship’s floor again. “What’d you turn on?”
happening. “No, I—it’s ok.”
The whole tuxedo is aggressively modern in cut, slim to the point where it makes Tony look less muscular than he is, more like a—well, Steve would call him a dandy or a rake, which was old-fashioned even in his time, and he’s not sure what the word for it now would be. It certainly hides the fact that Tony spends most of his days shaping big chunks of metal or punching villains in the face; the way the suit hugs his body transforms him into a man of wit and grace instead of someone who relies on brute force. “But I couldn’t pull something like that off in a million years,” Steve admits.
“Not the best, but I figure that might help?” Cap makes it a question. Tony can hear the creak in his leather boots and the sound of wet Kevlar-weave fabric compressing: Cap sitting back on his heels. He risks a look over his shoulder.
This time Cap takes it. He cradles the pouch carefully between his hands. He puts the straw between his lips, tips his head back against the bulkhead, lets his eyes fall closed again. His throat works as he swallows.
“Not a problem,” Tony says faintly. He turns back to the chestplate with what feels like an enormous effort. “Not… really not a problem. Thanks.”
The corny, heartfelt, Captain-America-has-your-back thing still caught him like a punch to the gut, even now. Great. He shook his head and turned his attention back to the ship.
Even Captain Hates the Cold is feeling it. Cap has his helmet off, along with his jacket and undershirt, the removed pieces of his uniform folded up neatly on the floor on top of his shield, because of course even when they’re falling into a literal sun Cap is a good little soldier. Tony has just been shedding suit parts wherever he happens to be when they become too much to bear. He’s down to the boots, the gauntlets, a white tank top that has seen better days, and the tight undersuit leggings, black with fine gold tracings of embedded circuitry. Cap has definitely seen him in worse; being caught out in the world’s most expensive yoga pants paired with a shop tank doesn’t even rate.
“Hey now, none of that. Be nice to the silk.” Tony steps in close and gently draws the bowtie out of Steve’s grasp. He sets it aside on the bed. “Too fast? I can go slow, if you need slow.”
And it wasn’t even a lie, because he turned to the next ship over and focused one palm repulsor to a tight-beam emission, lasered out a ragged oval of hull-stuff, followed by a sacrificial strip of the same, practically in the same move spun back to the ship—
“Not from the visual interface, I have no fucking idea what any of those lines and colors mean. But I can feel it.” He made a face inside the helmet. “Doesn’t feel great.”
Tony shifts up, knees hot at Steve’s sides, and gets both his hands onto Steve’s back. The exploratory touches morph into firm massage, Tony’s thumbs digging into muscle until Steve feels knots he wasn’t even aware of releasing, long-untouched skin coming alive under Tony’s attention. By the time Tony swings a leg over and gets up off the bed, the urgency of before has been almost entirely worked out of Steve. He feels like he’s melting into the sheets. “Stay put,” Tony says, reinforcing the order with that hard press on Steve’s lower back again. Steve mumbles inarticulately. The very last thing he wants to do right now is get up.
With the sun completely filling the windows edge to edge, he doesn’t have a great frame of reference for their speed, but the dizzying heat makes it feel like they’re falling down the gravity well faster now. He needs to get this done.
“Tell me the
He pries up another panel, gently shifting bundles of cabling out of the way, looking for the purplish ones. The sunlight is so strong in the cabin now that it’s almost getting hard to tell one color from the next. When he locates one, he starts to work it free of its neighbors, loosening cables so they hang outside the panel. Everything is sharp-edged: the sides of the panels, the stiff bands the Vog’ila use for their cable management, the cut ends of wire. At least he can still wear the gauntlets; otherwise his hands would be shredded by now.
Right. Fuck. Tony fumbled for the compartment on his hip, got his biggest cutter bit out, flipped up the cap on the left gauntlet’s index finger and fit the bit into the little chuck there. If energy didn’t work, maybe a simple mechanical process would. “Please don’t be harder than tungsten carbide,” he muttered under his breath. “Please don’t be harder than tungsten carbide.”
again, the worst of the sunlight filtered out. He looks down at the control panel, where the angular line fragments that denote Vog’ilan writing and the little rectangles that mark touch-sensitive areas are now visible.
brings a flush back into Steve’s face, but he ignores it as best he can and pushes himself up into a sitting position. He feels silly trying to have this conversation on his back.
feels good; the pain slowly dissipates but the fullness remains. Steve feels tight, stretched thin, almost afraid to move. God, Tony is
If he’s wrong, most likely the ship will explode, but they’re fucked either way, so it’s worth a shot.
“You said it was a fancy event,” Steve says, just a touch defensive. “This is the fanciest style I know. I wanted to do it right.”
There’s another long beat of silence. “You need to be more careful than that,” Tony says. “That’s the kind of thing that could get you hurt nowadays.”
Steve starts to sit up as Tony approaches the bed, but Tony
The first
you insisted I fuck you bare.”
“I was going to warm you up with my mouth, but I think you’re plenty warm already, aren’t you?” Tony teases, directly into Steve’s ear. Steve grabs at whatever part of Tony’s body he can reach and arches up against him, almost mindlessly desperate for friction, pressure, anything. Tony indulges him briefly, then eels out from beneath Steve’s hands. “Turn over,” he says, dropping into a slightly lower register. Steve, obeying, is just barely aware enough to feel pleased by the roughness in Tony’s voice.
“It mostly was, until you started rubbing your face on me.” Steve searches his eyes for the joke, but Tony seems dead serious now. “Do you want to get out of these suits?”
“Scoot up,” Tony breathes into his ear. Steve wriggles awkwardly up the bed until his feet are fully off the floor and his head is up by the pillows. Tony pets his flanks soothingly, nudges Steve’s knees apart so he can settle between them. Steve groans and squeezes his eyes shut. He jumps a little at a damp touch on his stomach, relaxes when he receives the same treatment slightly higher up, and is squirming by the time Tony has finished kissing his way up to Steve’s face.
“I should’ve asked Reed to come,” Cap says.
“Everyone comes to justice eventually,” Cap says placidly.
The suit’s shock absorbers kicked in, automatically compensated for the gravitational pull, but once they stabilized and that sensation cleared he realized that he could still feel a hard drag-- the Extremis. “Uh oh.”
“No? Too bad, I think you could learn a lot about contemporary trends in suiting by really getting a
throw it, but it probably wasn’t coming back if he did, the dimensions of the space were all wrong for ricochet return angles. Losing the shield wasn’t a good outcome.
Cap is kneeling directly behind him, stupid tactical pants straining at the seams over his thighs. He’s wringing a torn piece of fabric between his hands—his undershirt, or what’s left of it, anyway. The searing sunlight washes his coloring out and makes his sweat-covered chest and arms gleam like polished carved marble. His eyes look inhumanly blue, all iris, pupils shrunk down to pinpricks as they try to deal with the excess light input. His hair is damp, pushed straight back where he’s been running his hands through it; it should look darker, wet like that, but the light burns it into white-gold. The leather of his belt is soaked where the sweat from his waist has wetted it.
, and there it is, trying to scale a skyscraper, back legs still scrabbling at the street and sidewalk; it’s already knocked over two of the postal relay boxes nearby. Several legs closer to the front are jammed into the first- and second-floor windows of the building that it’s attempting to climb. Iron Man and Wasp fly around it in a complicated pattern, trading off blasts. Thor is still rising, for some reason. Steve makes a quick assessment and vaults off a nearby parked car, building up some more speed. “Iron Man!”
“Well?”
Tony and Jan don’t seem to be having any trouble, even though they were fighting just as hard as he was. It’s enough to make him wonder if the serum has something to do with it. Perhaps it makes his body hold onto adrenaline for longer, keeping him wired and ready for action.
Cap sighs louder. Very dramatic.
He popped up on the boot jets, hovering a couple feet off the ground so he’d have a better angle, and set to drilling the door open.
“Just sit there and look pretty,” Tony mumbles distractedly, trying to cut through a band without damaging any of the cables around it. There’s a faint snort behind him. He rewinds what he just said. Eh. Hardly the worst thing he’s ever said to Cap.
“If I hadn’t been here, you wouldn’t have even made it through the mission, let alone off the planet, so don’t start.” He doesn’t have to look back over his shoulder to know that Cap is pressing his lips together disapprovingly. His conversational pause has a familiar non-sound to it. “No, really, how were you gonna play this? You know how to disable an alien weapons array now? You learned how to hot-wire totally unfamiliar vehicular technologies sometime in the past couple months?”
“That’s as ready as it’s gonna get,” he mutters. There’s no response from behind him. Maybe Cap has fallen asleep. It wouldn’t be out of line, he’s had nothing to do for hours and he’s coming off a strenuous mission. Hell, the relentless heat makes Tony want to curl up and take a nap himself, but that’s not an option.
He comes, good and hot and solid, and Steve follows Tony long after. He pulls himself off his cock before he can knot, sits himself on Steve’s waist, his wet ass grinding against the skin of his stomach. He groans, throws back his head. “That was nice,” he says.
He flags down a cab, bundles Tony into the back. He meets the driver’s eyes in the rearview mirror. What is he looking at, Tony wonders? The disfigured throat, scarred, not-worth-bearing, no one wants to see that ugly thing bent back over pillows, or the smeared make-up, the too-red lipstick drawn over his lips instead of on them? The thin fish-net thing he’s wearing over bare skin, his unwashed hair, racoon-eyes and sweaty skin. “What are you looking at?” Tony spits, “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
Tony is still wearing his coat, picture folded inside the inner pocket. The light is too bright, glaring; standing out on the street, he needs to hold up his hand against the sun, hungover or blitzed out or post-nervous breakdown, whatever the fuck he is.
The decanter, with all of Pierce’s sweet whiskey, falls onto the carpet, soaks there like blood.
Steve seems to realise he’s chosen his path and now he’ll need to follow it through. “I just mean, that a lot of the things you talk about are objectively wrong, yet when you talk about them, you make them sound subjectively right.”
But the skin that was in the water has warmed itself. If he could bury himself in the lake, he would be warm forever. In utero. He could live at the bottom of the lake, grow moss from his beard and have stone for hands and be happy, and alone. Why doesn’t Steve see that, why can’t he see?
He finishes his tea. It’s gone cold.
“You don’t like it when I talk,” Tony says. It’s not angry, or vicious – he believes it. “That’s why I brought the gag.”
They’ve given Steve the presidential suite. The president – who is actually in attendance – had to take the honeymoon rooms, and Alexander Pierce, an alpha who outranks Steve in both years and experience, is relegated to a White House view-only room.
Steve, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Rhodey, Pepper. They stand in a circle, watch as the coffin is carefully lowered to the ground.
he murmurs, head held in hands, curled on what was once Drax's bunk. “Strange. Pepper, Rhodey, Bruce, Happy. Natasha. Thor. Clint.” A beat, a hanging silence. “Steve.”
someone straight in the face and no longer be able to recognise their features.
Tony thinks, there’s truth in that. He shuts his eyes.
he’ll say, and Tony will make those sweet, soft noises that he’s making now, so vulnerable and yet so totally, fucking safe. “Oh,” he says, he
“I know, Tony,” Pierce says sympathetically, holding out the glass. He drinks it all. “You don’t need to worry about all that.”
Tony nods, bleary.
“Tony…”
Rhodes called it him. The body, corpse,
He doesn’t normally get up this early, but he finds he isn’t able to get back to sleep. Twitching, he throws on a coat and boots and gently slides out the front door.
“Oh yeah?” Steve is slipping down the bed, his hand on Tony’s foot. “That’s funny.”
things, awful things, sometimes, and not just stop to fucking think. That’s what narcissism does to a person, he figures.
"I hit my head?"
Also, I have just gotten ridiculously attached to Gus. Like, he's a complete asshole, and a little bit twisted, but still. Who isn't.
Tony doesn’t move, not at all, not for what feels like hours. The ice in his drink melts. He blinks, slowly. Swallows. He feels slightly vacant. He thinks Steve might have been crying, but that’s not his fault. He never pretended… he’s only doing what he…
“No. Can you make yourself sick?”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, “just – don’t. Please. Just don’t.”
"Perfect." Steve picks up the blindfold "I'm going to blindfold you, okay? Is that okay?"
“You’re quite the artist.” Tony says, voice dead.
Tony knows Steve can only handle so much humiliation before he cracks. He doesn’t want his brains smeared on the wall. He suspects Pierce doesn’t care much either way. So he groans, lets his head loll onto his shoulder.
Tony shuts his eyes.
“He must. He looks built for it,” and she absent-mindedly strokes the top of Mosely’s head until he curls at their feet. “Anyway,” she says “back to work.”
“Why are you still here?” Steve asks him. “If I wanted you dead, you’d be dead.”
big yikes. sorry for leaving this for a while. should be more regular again, hopefully.
“Definitely, he even mentioned it.”
“You, though. You were beautiful that night,” Pierce says, hushed. He strokes his knuckles across Tony’s cheek, ignores his flinch. “All long limbs and – those pretty eyes, huh? You cried, then.” Pierce’s fingers reach around his throat. “Could you cry for me now, Tony? I would like you to cry. All this time, you haven’t, not really. What is it? Am I not strong enough?”
A finger, it trails down from his nape to his tail bone, over and over. Gus, something tells him, because this is what Gus would, to soothe him when he was hurt, like back in that bunker deep under the earth. The low, orange lights, the weightlessness of medication and the press of Steve’s warmth to tell him he was safe.
“No, I just don’t have any luck when I play anything but poker.” Clint shrugged, picking up the cards and reshuffling them. Natasha took up a spot next to Clint while Steve took over his place beside Bucky. “How’s the brooding? Get bored already?”
Steve smirked. “Brooklyn.”
“He just put an orphanage up in flames for the heck of it. The last person who had done that so willingly was Schmidt, and I think I’d rather not have another man like that running around with us.” He cocked his gun more assuredly, pressing the barrel up against Bucky’s sternum to get the man to move so that he’d have his shot once more.
Steve didn’t have a clue of where to go. Brooklyn was out of the question, and now Manhattan was too dangerous for them to stay either. Here he thought that everything was going to start looking up.
Tony sighed one more time before bringing a hologram towards him and started typing out a message to Obie.
“What?” Peter’s face erupted with scarlet and he and moved his head to the side so that he wasn’t looking at Steve directly.
With that handled Tony left his workshop. Everything would be fine… He could leave and everything would be fine. His fingers twitched just slightly as he was walking up the stairs. Maybe stopping for the night was a bad idea, but he couldn’t go to a military base without looking his best.
Roger’s didn’t seem amused.
Taking the lead Tony ushered Bruce into the tower before Obie could arrive behind them and ruin Tony’s good mood further. “You seem to have your act well thought out to avoid Obie,” Bruce noted, making Tony stutter step next to him, raising a brow. “Not that I want to complain. It’s rather awkward being on a plane with a guy for as long as I was.”
Tony shrugged. “I don’t see any reason why I can’t wear them in my own home.” Silence met Tony when he walked further into the room, but that was eventually forgotten as Obie spoke again.
Steve just rolled his eyes. “What gave it away?”
“Merchant. I want to discuss a truce with you. We’ve taken some ground here in Manhattan and I would rather stop the bloodshed before there is any.” There was a thick silence. Steve was sure that Tony was only mulling it over in his head, but Tony didn’t seem phased. His grin didn’t waver and he seemed more humored than anything. Steve almost felt like he might start sweating at any moment due to the heat of the Merchant stare.
His answers to any of the presses questions were quiet, slow and not all there. Tony jumped from word to word, as if his thoughts were scattered.
“Your mother, Thor.
Tony closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. They were likely awake by now, worried, calling all their allies to find out where the Irish Mob had taken him. What would Obie be doing? Tony had to ponder for a little bit. Nothing. Obie wouldn’t do s&$^… “You’re Tony Stark.” Tony’s head lulled forward to the kid that had just entered. Brown hair. Hazel eyes. Couldn’t be older than 16.
The cock of a barrel. When did he grab..? Tony’s eyes were almost wide when he looked at his own hand. A gun. He thought he would be trembling. Scared to be back into this sort of life. That wouldn’t ever be the case, would it? He was bred for this lifestyle. Molded. There wasn’t anything else that he was meant to do other than this. “I think you know how my terms usually go.” Tony didn’t know his own voice. It wasn’t smooth. It was rough. Did it sound this way during the press conference?
“JARVIS sent me, said that he could get you to leave your lab and he wouldn’t turn off my lights until I at least tried.” He shrugged, exposing his hands from his pockets. “this is me trying I suppose.”
Someday he was going to make them pay for disturbing his quiet time that he had to himself when he was in his office.
Steve let the man pass. There were times that Steve wondered if Thor simply didn’t take over because he just didn’t realize that he could. With a strained breath, Steve walked over to his best friend. Bucky’s eyes were still on the door that Thor had left through. “He isn’t awake, he can’t contact the Merchant.”
....... I was writing this chapter then suddenly lost everything I was going to do in this story. I'm starting to make sure that I write down everything, but I'm sorry for how long it took me to get this chapter out. Hopefully the next one will not be as long of a wait.
“What was his speech?” Tony suddenly asked, turning back to his manager with a smirk that didn’t quite reach through to his eyes.
“They are the best at what they do, I make sure of it,” Tony replied, taking up a place at the man’s side, looking over the railing to the sea below… The rocks. “I can’t seem to recall. Who allowed you to shoot one of my men… In my territory? I thought I made it clear when I claimed Manhattan that all other gang activity was prohibited. I run this show, no one else.”
“Perhaps there is a way we could make the process faster?” Steve was fast (eager?) to offer his help. Tony could only think of the word desperate when he thought about it further.
Please note that I'll be going back to earlier chapters and removing or adding to them. When I update the next chapter I'll list it at the beginning where all the changes happened that way you know where to look and keep caught up with the chaos that is coming to this story :)
He, The Merchant of Death, was the strongest.
“Just glad to be home Ms. Potts.” He admitted, getting a smile from Pepper in kind.
“Then I suppose I don’t have to worry at all.”
Silence.
Tony sighed, rubbing his hand against his chest and feeling for the hard casing of the reactor underneath his palm. “What did you tell them?” His voice was rough and obviously weak from disuse. Tony almost forgot that he was practically screaming at Bruce to get off of his floor earlier that morning.
“Tony Flippin Stark.” Steve twirled a finger in the air, a growl in frustration following. “Nearly called security because I panicked and wouldn’t tell him my name. If we ever meet this guy know that I went with my shield emblem card.” Bucky chuckled at the mention of it.
I'm sorry!! I know this is waaaaaaayyyyy over due and waaaaaayyyyyy too short...
Manhattan was the same.
“Then call someone who can…” The safety clicked. Tony flinched.
“I’m sorry to interrupt but I’m going to have to take Tony away early.”
Tony could recall some of the wiser words that his father shared with him before sending him off to boarding school. “Tony, you won’t get far if you don’t make friends carefully.” Tony believed him. It’s where his friendship with Justin Hammer came into play. Hammer was slowly rising in popularity amongst many of their peers. Tony knew that if he was going to be known, it would be first through a friendship with him.
” Loki’s voice was snarky through the speakers. Tony put down the blow torch, pushing up his face mask to glare at the speakers. Loki had given him an update after their initial spout, and promised to call him should anything change with the mob.
“You said you weren’t going to do the demo, Tony. You have three meetings on those days, and those were already the rescheduled ones. The board is not going to be ignored for this long, Tony. Tell Obie another day.” Tony ran his fingers over the cool metal that he was working with. It wasn’t smooth, not yet.
“Do you think I don’t know that Obie? Roger’s didn’t give me much of a choice. He held Bruce and Loki captive and he took my gun. I wasn’t in the best place to be fighting back demands. Besides, I still hold Manhattan. This is my city, he won’t walk out of line, not while I’m-”
Behind the teen, if Steve was to follow his guess, was a burly man who seemed to hold a flask tight in his right fist. “Merchant might ask for your head next time if you aren’t careful Captain. He doesn’t like people messing with his stuff.” The man sounded bored as if it were more of a chore for him to be there.
Loki hadn’t explained how close he was with the man. Steve had been curious but Thor had entered the room before he could ask for more.
” JARVIS’ automated voice followed Tony when he walked over to his personal bar, pouring himself a good amount of scotch. A television screen lit up across the room.
“I wouldn’t touch that. It’s the only thing keeping your heart from being ripped apart.” Tony glanced around to find the source and took note of the older gentlemen that emerged from the darkness. He looked nice, his demeanor. Tony thought he was a good judge of character, he trusted his judgment on this. He was bald, had thin glasses on his face, wore what Tony would presume was once a suit.
The room goes quiet. Tony looks up at Steve, blinks. He dabs his fingers at the blood on his upper lip. "Whoops." He says.
Tony wants to say,
“Favourite decade,” Tony asks him, smiling up from where he’s lying splayed out on the couch. “One two three go.”
Steve teases his hands through hair, damp with sweat. He smoothes his thumb over Tony's cheek, distorted by the gag that spreads his lips. "You look like a piece," he says "you know that? Like a perfect little sub. Bred for pleasure."
Steve sort of – ducks, catches Tony over the shoulders with his arm. “It’s fine,” he says, easily, kissing the crown of his head. “You want to go to bed?”
“Sure. The sleeping around, the sexual favours. It’s how you get what you want, isn’t it? Or how you get what you need.”
Tony stares. “What would you be?”
"Okay." Tony says, evenly, irritated as he feels his remaining sub space fall away "Or, you could admit that, you know, as a dom, you enjoy sometimes... letting me have it, and we could work through alternative therapies together, because -- and brace yourself for this, because it's a big one -- we are, in fact, in a relationship, which, according to my books means we lean on each other for mutual support. Mutual."
Tony is silent. He kisses Steve on the cheek before he turns out the bedside lamp. “Get some rest,” he says quietly, and settles down to sleep.
“I think I’d like to just go,” Tony whispers.
They talk politics until Steve knocks on the door. “My God,” he says, taking a glass,“I used to think it would be honour to be greeted personally by the president but that man – that man is no Roosevelt.”
“Is that what Rogers told you?”
“I know,” Tony says. “And that’s good. I like you that way. You’re still so fucking — innocent. I don’t know what would have to happen to corrupt you. Things are simple for you, old friend comes back, help old friend, one track mind. You always had a one track mind.”
“I think you have far more control of him than he does of you. He just doesn’t even realise it.”
Pierce smiles at him, fatherly. He pats his shoulders, smoothes his lapels. “Would you like to go back to the party, Tony?”
he thinks. Ty is a lot taller than him, taller than even Steve. He drags up his hand so Tony has to go up on his toes.
“Interesting PR decision.”
“And what? You want to dig him up, kick him out to sea and have me torch the motherfucker with an arrow? You think that’ll make this better?”
Tony’s eyes slide past his head to the increasing blur of Steve in his peripheral. “You’ll have to take it up with him,” he says, honestly, flicking his eyes back to Killian’s. And then he pulls away.
“It’s… my dad’s cologne,” Tony frowns. His nose wrinkles. Everything is sharp, suddenly, even the memory that comes creeping into his mind, unbidden.
“Tony,” Steve says quietly. “Hi.”
“Find out who.”
Still, Steve has his own business to attend to.
"Tony, you are still the best sub I've ever had. Nothing you ever do will ever change that."
“Tony, do you often touch yourself?”
“You’re not interrupting anything,” Bruce insists. “Come. Sit. Eat. You look half-starved.”
Steve shuts his eyes, jaw so tense it could snap. “That is not even remotely similar, and you know it.”
“Obviously,” Tony mutters, but his voice is slow, dozy. It’s hard to keep his eyes open. “I don’t like the idea of you alone in that building.”
“I — I can run?”
“It’s — poisoned,” Tony says, lacklustrely, because it suddenly sounds ridiculous even to his ears. “I don’t know what they’re trying to feed me.”
“Stupid, desperate little bitch,” another alpha laughs. He takes Tony’s other leg, so they’re spread. He starts spiralling patterns with his finger. He unhooks the garter from the belt.
The tower hasn’t been touched since the Ultron debacle. Glass still lies strewn on the floor, overturned cups, lights crashed over the bar and Ultron’s robots still lying in pieces. The sight of them, missing heads, arms, legs, it makes him want to vomit. He might actually vomit. Please, God, don’t let him vomit here, when he’s already embarrassed himself too much to quantify —
Diana had taken great pleasure in showing Tony her knives.
He figures, it’s Steve’s way of saying thanks. Which is sad, really. That neither of them have the words to say what they mean.
“I know exactly what kind of relationship you have. Or had, at least,” Ross says, snidely. “You’ve had worse, Stark. We know you have experience.”
“The wizard said you were needed, that only you could – “
“Quickly,” Pierce says, draping a robe around his shoulders, “let’s get you somewhere safe.”
“Tony.”
“College.”
Why does Steve feel numb? Tony isn’t dead. He isn’t dead. He’s alive, somewhere. He’s doing what he does best. He’s – he wouldn’t be –
“Was what?” Steve rebuts, unconvincingly.
Tony is clutching his side. “We need a med team,” Steve orders, but there’s only them to hear it. “Someone, just – there has to be doctors left. Just get one, somewhere.”
“I’m sorry I – I’m sorry I brought up what happened. With Killian.”
“So now it’s a rescue mission,” she says softly.
Tony shakes his head, rubs his eyes. “Alright,” he says, “just – slow down, all of you, I already have a headache. Fury,” he frowns, “what about you? I’m sure you have an opinion.”
Steve frowns. “Your son?”
Tony snorts, swallows, and rests the mug back on the table. “Yeah,” he agrees, groaning slightly as he reaches forward to put down his motherboard. “God, I hate those things,” he says.
Tony drops and rifles through Steve’s bag. Sushi! He grins up at him, knocks his shoulder against his knee.
Tony snorts, lazily. “Sorry to disappoint,” he says. “These just caught my eye.”
“It hasn’t been that long.”
He knows now that both of them were too weighed down by their own neuroses, their own fear and baggage. Tony’s life had taught him that accountability was needed, Steve’s had taught him the opposite. Ultimately, there was never room for compromise.
“If you like it. You know I love pleasing you, Sir.”
“It’s okay,” Steve mumbles quietly. Tony hovers in front of him for a moment, eyes flicking to his. Steve finds himself reaching out, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder, then cheek. And then he pulls him close, hugs him hard. “It’s okay,” he says again “it can still be okay.”
card—”
“You know, when I said you ought to get some sun, this isn’t exactly what I had in mind,” Cap says.
“Dunno. You do all right. Didn’t you pull me outta the path of an exploding centipede earlier today?”
Hopefully.
Steve turns, surprised but not surprised to see Tony leaning on the counter behind him: surprised, because he’s amazed that Tony has managed to slip away from the horde of admirers that inevitably gather around him at things like this, but not surprised, because only Tony would be so interested in what Steve is wearing. Tony grins when Steve catches his eye. “Seriously, I didn’t think they made them like that anymore outside of, I don’t know, costume departments.”
assessment, a
if it makes Tony sound like that.
“Drink,” he says, crouching down and holding the pouch out to Cap.
“I can assure you, you were very much present for it. In fact, I would say that you were integral to the entire process.” Tony’s tone is soothing, but there’s something in his voice that makes Steve think he’s suppressing laughter. He risks looking up over his fingers, and sure enough, Tony’s lips are twitching. “Cap. Steve. Winghead.” He pauses. “Can I say that? Can I call you Winghead when I’ve just had my dick squeezed half to death inside you?” Steve laughs and presses his other hand against his face too, flush burning all the way down to his collarbone. A damp thud indicates that Tony must have underhanded the ball of washcloths in the general direction of the bathroom. “Really,” Tony adds, “you have no cause for concern. I had a pretty spectacular time, and I have some reason to believe that you did too.” He gently takes Steve’s hands, pulling them away from his face. His smile gets bigger, brighter. “Losing track of things for a minute there is far from a bad thing. I’d consider it evidence that the sex was just
“You idiot workaholic,” Tony says. “And don’t even, pot, kettle, etc, I know.” He drops Steve’s hands and slides both of his own into Steve’s hair, tilts Steve’s face up so that Steve has no choice but to look at him. “Steven Grant Rogers, you are, in my
nicely,” Tony responds, automatic, then winces. “No, of course not. But just because
“Here,” Cap says, coming up behind him and holding out the helmet. Tony closes his eyes and leans back from the waist. Cap huffs out a small laugh and cradles the back of Tony’s head, smoothing the hair there down as he eases the helmet on over it. “Need any more help armoring up, Your Highness?”
onto East 52
Tony rolls his eyes. “Did you get the tux you wanted?”
Steve’s whole world narrows down to the sensations that Tony is wringing out of him. He can’t think beyond the heat that Tony is driving into his core, the need to move within Tony’s sure grip. Everything ratchets tighter, hotter. He gasps for breath, mouth open against his forearm. Tony adds a little twist to his wrist, the gel making obscene wet noises as he squeezes around Steve.
event, it’s on
He tuned out of the sounds of the battle, whatever the fuck Cap was doing out there in the rest of the hangar, ages ago: more important things to think about and all that. Tuning back in he realized that the frantic hoof-clicks and the crashing noises and the stutter of rapid-fire weaponry, cut through by the very particular ring of vibranium as it ricocheted off hard surfaces, all indicated a very active fight, although not one that Cap seemed to be losing. He listened for a moment as the fight shifted fractionally closer. Sounded kind of like a stalemate, actually.
“S’fine. I trust you,” Steve says.
“If I’d known—”
“After all the flirting I’ve done? I’m offended. I’m losing my touch.”
“You know, I didn’t get to appreciate that suit properly on the ride over. I can
Steve groans. “I just, I didn’t
“Anything I can do?” Cap asks. It’s the first thing he’s said in a while.
looking at you—I’d rather leave the lights on.”
“Behold!” Thor shouts, brandishing something in his non-hammer hand. It looks horribly like part of the centipede’s head. “Our foe has been vanquished, and a trophy has been secured!”
And it’s a fascinating problem, really. It’s been so long since he last saw any kind of math that didn’t make immediate and complete sense to him. He knows the Vog’ila are working with the same basics: their weapons and their ships don’t run on magic, so they aren’t violating any of the truths that Tony holds to be self-evident. The idea of really digging down into the data encoded in this ship is an enticing one. It’s so warm. His hands and feet are even warmer. He could just sink down into the math, let it flow into the waiting spaces in his brain, lose himself in it until it opens up for him and all becomes clear.
“Slow,” Tony says. “I want you more alert than this by the time I’m ready to put some serious vogsecs between us and this burning fucking gas-ball.”
letting that thing’s…
know,” Tony says, smiling ruefully again. “I think I’ve been wearing suits since I was three or so. About as soon as they could get me into dress shoes and be reasonably certain I wouldn’t fall over, anyway.”
Cap sighs. “This wasn’t your mission. You’re not an Avenger, you didn’t have to be here. That’s my fault.”
“Thanks,” he manages, only a little bit hoarse, which he honestly is considering a victory at this point.
“Right.” Cap smiled at him, a brilliant flash of white teeth. “Do your thing, Iron Man. I’ll buy you all the time you need.”
“Not feeling all that pretty,” Cap says, sounding like he’s only reluctantly admitting it. “Mostly… sweaty.”
tell us about this suit. Real vintage is so hard to get right, and this is beautiful, right down to the stitching. How much of this pattern was the tailor and how much was you? I know you have that visual memory, I’ve seen you sketching—”
Jarvis greets them in the foyer for the second time that day, this time with warm mugs of tea instead of cleaning supplies. Jan and Hank immediately leave with theirs, Hank hurrying back towards solitude, Jan muttering about salve for her centipede acid spot-burns. Thor takes his mug into the living room, where a crackle of controlled lightning announces that he’s lit a fire in the fireplace. Steve thanks Jarvis and moves to follow Thor, looking forward to putting his feet up—it’s been a long day, even for him—but Tony stops him with a hand on Steve’s waist. There are too many layers of fabric there for it to be even remotely inappropriate, but Steve still has to suppress a too-obvious shiver.
Anyway. Now the groupings of cables that he wants to connect are all set, and it’s too bright to comfortably sit up at the forward window, so Cap is sitting by Tony, leaning on the bulkhead that forms the opposite side of the passageway where Tony has pulled a bunch of cables out of the wall. Tony keeps his attention on the panel he has open and the cables he’s connecting to the reactor, eyes squinted against the light. He’s aware that Cap is silently and shirtlessly sweating behind him. Not a helpful thought.
The hangar had the horizontal square footage to match its crazy ceiling heights. The ships were parked as close together as their geometry allowed, so the effect was still one of narrow passages between dense rows, but it was a fucking relief after what felt like hours in the weird constricted corridors. The alarm also wasn’t nearly as loud in here.
Wait.
“I’m just saying. With our luck, you’ll turn out to have super swimmers or something, and imagine the scandal if the paternity suit lawyers get their claws into you.”
And he certainly did benefit. His system is still flooded with endorphins, the closest he can get to drunk these days, which is a rare gift indeed, but it feels like he hardly did anything to deserve it. Tony took care of everything. He realizes, slowly, that he doesn’t even know if—
You’re very, very good Tony.”
“No,” Natasha says, evenly, “I’m ex-KGB. I can’t hold a position liaising with the US government. Take your time to think it through.”
“Alright,” Steve backs off, gives in easily. “I’ve just been doing a lot of reflection, is all. I’m glad to hear that you like it. Or that you liked it. That – it’s as good for you as it is for me.”
“However you want him,” Richards begs, “you can use the whips, you can use the chains, you can – please, just don’t – I’ve given you the names, I don’t know anymore – “
I'M DETERMINED TO FINISH THIS STUPID FUCKING STORY IF IT'S LITERALLY THE LAST STUPID FUCKING THING I EVER FUCKING DO
“His,” Tony exhales, eyes closing, chin tipped up.  “But I agree,” he says, honestly. “You need work.”
to look after someone she’d known for a few months — “
He spends the day on the couch. He has it all set up – tablet, and TV, laptop, bottled water, three blankets. He doesn’t often leave the couch. It’s fine, he’s just tired. He’s eats bagged chips off his chest and snorts at clips of fat dogs on youtube. He must fall asleep like that, drifting in and out, because he pills make him drowsy. When he slides back into consciousness, it’s darker, his fingers are still covered in stale cheese, and someone is requesting access to his apartment.
“It would only be right. Paying you back.”
“Won’t I need a visa?”
He releases him, to go sinking into a puddle at Steve’s feet. It’s not a bad job, all things considered – a bit lopsided, but Steve told him not to squirm. A neat ‘R’ in the centre of his brow. He might have gone for the whole word,
He steadies Tony’s lower back then
“Do you want to?” Steve asks, pulling back. “I understand. It’s okay to want your own space.”
His hands are still shaking. “I never thought – “ he starts, and then stops himself. What is he doing? Why is he here? “I should go,” he says, shutting his eyes. “I shouldn’t – impose like this – “
He thinks, briefly, and then they both come, together, sticky and wet on the floor beneath them.
Or something equally stupid.
Tony straightens, wipes the back of his hand across his mouth as if the repeated action will bring down his obviously swollen lips, his flushed cheeks, sweaty brow, submissive demeanour, like a bitch that just got their ass handed to them. “How do I look?”
But I was wrong. If you grow up to be like your father, so be it. It will be my own doing. A child needs love, a child needs respect. I sent you away. I forgot birthdays and Christmasses, I told you awful things. If you can forgive me for anything, even if you can't let go of my neglect, please try and forget the things I told you. When I sick, when I was drunk, the mind goes to a nasty, dead place. Please don't remember me like that.
he thinks, dragging in deep.
Tony’s attempt to hide has disturbed the curtain blocking him; he hears how their voices trail off, and suddenly their footsteps are quiet. They’ve found him.
“Our old rooms,” Natasha says dully.
We’re done, fine, finished, happy?” He stands, throws his jacket over his arm. “I’ll leave. Tonight. When you fuck him, don’t even think about coming back to our room, I don’t want to see you, and I don’t trust myself not to hurt him.”
Steve isn’t smiling. “The report,” he says, “about the omegas, the ones that were hurt.” Is going to say it? Say the word? “The ones who were raped.”
“I know.”
After Project Insight, and Bucky, and Sam, and all the rest of it, Tony visits him at the hospital. No one knows what they’ve been doing together, and so Tony can’t hold his hand. But he leaves a note, and an MP3 loaded with all of Steve’s favourite songs.
He shrugs. “I’m asking nicely.”
“I didn’t want you to turn me away,” Tony whispers. “I don’t want to be alone.”
“Uh,” Tony says, because it’s not the answer he was expecting.
He lets him grip him gently by the back of the neck, guide him to the elevator. “Thank you, Rumlow,” he hears Pierce murmur, “I can take it from here. Just make sure the men know I have Stark, safe and sound.”
“Thoughts, voices, they tell me not to trust you. Me, I, I tell myself not to trust you. I can’t stop it. It’s driving me insane.”
he says, but warmly, full of familiarity. Stark and Rogers. “Bad dream,” he tells him, “just a bad dream.”
“Right. Shawarma. I won’t tell you them you cried,” he teases. “All over little old me, imagine that. Dad would be so proud.” He turns away, looks over his shoulder. “You coming?”
He slams the door behind him, braces his hands on the wood. Breathe, breathe, you’re fine. Why are you panicking? Why are you panicking, there’s nothing to –
During the day, he occupies himself with setting the little safehouse to rights. He works silently, while Nick does whatever it is he needs to do, often holding one-sided conversations on the phone with people Tony doesn’t know. They discuss SHIELD, and HYDRA, and what comes next. Tony likes to listen, even when Nick frowns at him, shoos him away.
“Do you want visitor’s, Tony? You have friends who want to see you. Do you want that?”
Tony watches his hands on the cards. Fast and steady, even now – Tony’s hands shake more than Fury’s, and Tony’s half his age.
“Of course.”
Tony snorts. He makes himself laugh, sometimes. Sipping his scotch he sighs, tips his head back and back until it’s resting over the couch arm, the world spinning. He grins up at Steve’s upside down head, blood rushing to his brain. “So?” He says. “I know you’re dying to tell me, darling. What’s in the bag?”
straight into my home. You couldn’t pick up the threat from a mile away. What does that make you?”
“Tell me,” Pierce starts as they walk over to the house, “did the Captain tell you when he’d be back?”
Steve sighs, and it’s tight. “You don’t understand,” he mutters. “You can’t help me, because there are things I can’t tell you.”
“And, there’s about sixty drunk alphas out there. You’re just lying here, like a – bait.”
There’s a hand in his hair. “Just sleep,” the woman whispers, the new one “it’ll feel like falling asleep.”
As usual, comments are much loved!
“I’m heading to MIT in the fall.”
Because life without Steve is not worth living.
“Kinda thought I heard something, though.”
“Yeah, you fucking look away,” he’s saying, voice loud in his ears, ugly, just like him. “Can’t fucking look me in the eyes now, can you, you fucking beta – “
“Like fuck. No tuxedo – you weren’t invited, were you? You’re here to help, like a fucking guard-dog.”
Steve doesn’t know if he’s lying or not. He wants to, he thinks, that’s what he wants. To closet Tony away, heal him, glaze over his scars and wrap him in love. He’s also intensely aware that he fought a war so he could have the right to live and work, and it doesn’t exactly look good to up and leave after all is said and done. But Tony rubs at his nose, sniffs, dries his eyes with shaky hands. “You mean that?” He croaks “We can leave?”
More proud of this one than the last chapter!
Something quick sparkled in Tony’s eye. He was rather young to be a Captain already… “I was hoping to discuss an old business deal that my father.” Roger’s hesitated slightly before the word father. It was becoming president to Tony that most of what Roger’s was likely spewing to him was utter bull crap. Regardless Tony didn’t speak up quite yet. “There was a property that he offered to him a while back, and I was wondering if that offer still stood somewhere in the books. I’d be willing to bargain for it if it’s all the same.”
Steve’s eyes seemed to narrow at the statement. “That’s hardly appropriate, Mr. Stark.”
Guess who just power housed out a chapter so that way guys knew I wasn't dead?
Drop a kudos if you enjoyed and feel free to comment. :) I love to get feedback!
Tony glanced back up at Roger’s with his forced smile. “Well, I suppose if that is all that you need I’ll speak with you later.” He motioned for the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky wasn’t back yet. He hadn’t called in, sent a message, or informed Natasha that he’d be late back. “I’m sure he’s okay.” Natasha’s words from three hours prior were still racing through his brain. He was sure that he was going to pace a pit into the floor. Where was his right hand? The door to his office opened slowly, allowing for Peter to sneak in and close the door without disturbing the tense silence in the room.
When they were out of listening distance Steve rounded back on Rumlow with a hard glare. “Let’s go out and have a chat, Brock.” Steve felt the oddest sense of satisfaction when he saw Rumlow gulp hard.
“Take out front once you’re done. We’re heading out as soon as everyone is ready.” Peter gave him a silent nod but paused a second later. This caught Steve’s attention as he was turning to leave. “Peter?”
Bucky’s brain was far too slow to catch up with what Tony was talking about before it was too late. “No, wait!” The trigger seemed to move in slow motion but Bucky couldn’t do anything anyway. So, he watched as the bullet penetrated the man’s temple and his body slump to the ground. Barnes felt so shaken and nearly toppled to the floor onto his knees. Tony moved around quickly, though not in a rush. The footsteps outside seemed to have disappeared for the most part. Bucky watched Tony wipe the gun, then put it away back into his jacket. As for the man’s body, Tony stepped over it and yawned. F&#*&%@ yawned! Bucky couldn’t stop trembling.
“Bucky, you spoil me.” He murmured, grabbing the pack and walking out the door. But he reached behind his dresser and grabbed a photo that he’d stuck behind there. Then with a final glance, Steve closed the door and took off for the exit.
Steve and Clint took off down the hallway, stopping once they reached the main area of the warehouse. In the center of it all stood eight goons, as Steve was sure Barton was calling them in his head area 51 knock offs, and one man in the middle that seemed more than pleased to be there in front of them. For the most part, the man seemed slim, smaller than Steve. His hair was dark. He wore an expensive three-piece black suit, matching black shoes. It only frustrated Steve that he couldn’t see the man’s face. It was as if the lighting couldn’t hit his face and it was shrouded in darkness. Hiding any noticeable features that might give away who he is. Most members of the family had their guns trained on the intruders, but it didn’t seem to falter the man in the middle of them all.
Tony scowled at his video messenger on his phone. Obie had called a few minutes after Tony had sent him the recording of his meeting with the Captain. It was late in Manhattan, but early over in Hong Kong.
“Woah, Woah, I never said I was going to take the truce with Roger’s.”
Tony stared for a while at the man that he considered as close as family. “I’m alright Bruce.” The CEO gave a small grin to him, though Tony could tell that Bruce wasn’t convinced. Instead, the doctor walked in further and took a seat next to him on the workbench. They sat there together in silence for what felt like hours, but Bruce didn’t allow it to fester.
Yay Rhodey!
“What’s going on Jolly Green?” Tony sat down on his bed, removing his shoes and stretching them out, making satisfying pops with his ankles.
“Mister Osborne is the reason that my best friend died.” Tony’s eyes found the kid’s then, his eyes hard. There was that starting gleam in the kid’s eye, the kind that Tony knew too well. “His son. Harry… We grew up together, practically brother’s. But then… Mr. Osborne did something to him, made him get really violent and he lashed out one day at the school. Sent him home, Harry wasn’t seen for another week. Then that turned into two then three. I tried to visit from time to time but no one would let me in, even though I frequented the place a lot.” Peter scratched the top of his head absentmindedly, too caught up in his tale, “When they announced Harry’s death in the paper I was shocked. I called Mr. Osborne but he just told me that Harry got really sick and just died. When I asked what sickness, it was, he wouldn’t tell me. Said it would just, ‘make me paranoid’. I don’t think I had much of a right not to be paranoid. So, I went to the business building, investigated myself. Harry told me that he’d been over at Oscorp the day before he acted out. I thought I would start there.” By this point, the wringing hands were starting to push up the sleeves of Peter’s jacket. He presented his left arm up towards Tony, who only glanced at it. “When I went in there, no one spoke to me. I walked past some security, but they seemed like they were in a daze. And when I got to the bio floor… It was like a bloodbath had occurred.” This grabbed Tony’s attention. For once The Merchant was silent. “I walked into, tried to see if anyone was alive that I could call to get help for, but before I could do that I wa-was bitten by this spider.” Peter pulled a small jar from his jacket and put it down on the table. A dead spider laid inside.
He blinked but didn’t falter. Instead Tony let Bruce off on his floor before heading up to the penthouse. Bruce was likely tired and didn’t want to stay up for much longer. They could catch up later, but for now Tony wanted some Scotch.
“That was my father on and off the books. I prefer that if you are going to kidnap me as my other half I would prefer you refer to me as such.” Tony’s eyes were weary and tired. Steve stared at them for all but a minute before nodding.
“I wasn’t able to really sleep last night, I didn’t wake you?” Tony scowled at him, not quite sure what had brought the other down here at this time himself. Bruce pointed to the ceiling.
“So, you just found him out there?” Steve raised a brow to Thor who sat in front of a tied up mobster… Loki, once more. The Irish mob leader didn’t see Tony as the type to confirm the actions of other mob groups, but this would make more sense as to how he knew where they were moving. Steve glanced to Bucky who was stalk still, watching Loki as if he were a seeable disease. The leader turned back again to Loki.
“Ask away.” Tony purred.
Loki had wandered into Manhattan from across the sea. He hadn’t thought anything of the man until he caused an uproar by attacking some of Tony’s men with throwing knives. To say that Tony was confident while facing Loki was an overstatement. He didn’t think that he’d be able to kill the man if he hadn’t been impressed by Tony in the first place. Loki had stopped fighting the moment that the Merchant arrived. It didn’t take the man long to find out that he was also Tony Stark as well.
Tony didn’t keep up with his once close friend and slowly they were both corrupted to hate the other. Though Tony wouldn’t say that he held any anger towards the younger Hammer, just animosity. In short.
Guns cocked fast. Steve was sure that Bucky was close to shooting with his pistol when he’d heard the Merchant speak again. “Keep off the streets, don’t make a fuss. If I hear that you are arms dealing, drug dealing, or even trying to spread your peace and tranquility around Manhattan I will gun you down faster than you can even blink.” And with that, the Merchant snapped his fingers, returned to the center of the men who had arrived with him, and walked out of the warehouse the way he must have come in.
“Uh uh, I don’t approve of whatever brought that frown on.” Tony flicks one of the washcloths at him. “I preferred you looking smug and fucked-out.”
Iron Man reaches up and pulls off his helmet, giving Steve a good look at Tony’s skeptical expression. “Why do you say that like there’s something else in there that I’m not going to like?”
s, a weary but fond smile on his face. He levers himself off the door and sways into Steve’s personal space, then runs his hands along both the broad satin lapels of Steve’s jacket. “This lovely little anachronism is to blame? I’d never believe it. It’s been fitted to you like a glove. And if somehow it’s not, I’ll be having
be wrong, and he gets to silently stew on that.
, the
“You did just fine with the weapons back there,” Cap said. His eyes were trained on the door all the way back at the other end of the hangar.
“OK.” Cap said it like he wasn’t upset, but he looked a little pale under the helmet. He didn’t get seasick, so far as Tony knew, and he’d patiently submitted to any number of Tony’s high-speed flight maneuvers in the past, but he wasn’t sure if Cap had ever really been in zero-G for more than a second or two while strapped into the Quinjet. If it turned out he got spacesick… well, there wasn’t anything to be done, but it would probably get unpleasant.
“I don’t know,” Steve admits. “I mean, I know that I—that this is—but I didn’t even know this was on offer.”
“Whatever you just did there. Feels a lot better with a little gravity. I don’t know that I’m quite cut out for NASA,” Cap admitted, doing that aw-shucks thing where he ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck.
