Bucky recovers in Wakanda with help from Shuri, and later Steve goes bar hopping with Scott and Clint. Sam is a good third wheel and gets an important call.
Rhodey bit his lip. “I think we need to explain our thoughts on it clearly and discuss why,” he shrugged, “maybe we can and maybe we can’t. We’ll see what happens, but Tony and Steve can’t do that themselves, so it’s up to you and me.”
Steve heard their door open and Tony’s brown tousled hair poked in. “Hi,” Tony wiggled against their door frame rubbing a circle with his toe.
Loki snorted. “I had to call Jane and Darcy,” Bruce announced, “they are the only ones on Earth who have any idea about alien biology. I didn’t want to touch your skull without being aware. I think they are on their way here. It looked like Darcy spilled coffee on the computer and phone so who knows.”
“No one is sexting me,” Sam argued as Alex stole his phone.
He heard Thor walk over to the bed his hands grasping at the book. He threw it back down and it flipped open. Screams and moans filled the air. It didn’t matter what act it was depicting. It didn’t. It only mattered how Thor ran into the bathroom and retracted. The screams got louder and louder and finally, blissfully they stopped. Thor retracted again and Loki dared to glance over at the book. To see a very young version of himself being snapped into chains and a muzzle while the man on top of him kept moving. Thor walked back into the room staring at the display no longer than a moment before shutting it.
“Yeah go to hell Tony,” Bucky copied.
“I want you to teach me how to be a witch,” she requested.
“Go to hell Tony,” Steve shouted.
“What do you need from us,” Sam asked.
“You should stop drinking coffee as well,” Bruce told him.
Wanda gulped and whipped tears from her eyes. She hesitated and her voice cracked in one of the most heartbreaking sounds Clint had ever heard. “Okay, Oče.”
There was a banner that said It’s a boy! With the boy crosses off and written above it, It’s an Engagement!
Steve: Sounds good.
His mind whirled trying to figure out how to get the credits to transfer when they got home. And yes their home was with him, he realized. He could see that all over Wanda’s face. “Psychology,” she answered, “I want to help people like Sam does.”
Sam’s mother jumped to her feet. “They what,” she demanded.
You were a bigger dick for bringing Peter with you. What were you thinking Tony? It hurts to think that you were just making a play to hurt me and well I guess that worked, and I guess you meant to push me away at that point. Just like you did with Nat. She’s devastated by the way. But if you need me, I’ll be a phone call away.
“We’ll send over the stats when we get them as training videos,” Rhodey answered, “you can tell Steve Natasha got her hands on them.”
Loki shrugged. “I wanted to be something non-threatening, but other than that not really.”
Instead, I woke up in the Chitauri’s hands. They did not have the spell to keep me tied to them, but they had the Mind Stone. They held it for millions of years and were well versed in its ways. When I had been there the first time I had learned it as well. They told me they wanted me to take over Midgard for them. A smaller unguarded virgin planet, but too far for their ships to reach in a beneficial time.”
“Terrible,” she complained, “I hate flying.”
Loki eventually began exploring by himself again. Enough that he tended to bump into other Avengers. Loki tensed to leave whatever room Tony or Clint walked into or were already in, but if it was Bruce, Steve, Rhodey, or Natasha. And they got used to his presence even started to interact with him.
“Despite my lack of hands, I will try my best” she snarked back.
“I hope so,” Tony muttered setting down his tools and rubbing his face just like Bucky did.
Sam laughed and messed Peter’s hair. “So where am I staying,” he asked.
“I believe I am the one who caused this,” she answered. “Thor did not wish to marry a witch and Odin made you marry me instead. You're too young for this.”
Bucky was carrying purple flowers with him and Loki rushed over to look leaning forward to get a good look. Bucky laughed and guided him into the backyard. They planted the flowers and Bucky started to tell him all about Earth’s Flora.
Loki felt sick. His legs felt uneasy so he locked them. Tony shrugged and threw the book onto the counter. “You look like you could use three days sleep to,” the black man said to Loki, “Tony which room do you want to put him in?”
Sam: Loki says that by our standards he’s about seventeen
“Who said,” Wanda demanded.
“Looks stable,” Mj answered, “but you should ask Dr. Cho. We’ll see you Wednesday Mrs. Potts.”
She hung up on him and turned to the two women sitting by. “Good morning Miss. Romanoff, Dr. Cho. I’m Mj and this is Ned, we’re Peter’s friends.”
Two days later Natasha got back and Sam took her to his room and told her everything. “Thank you for sharing,” she stated when he finished.
“Thor and many Asgardian believe that it is a science above comprehension,” Loki stated, “but it is neither a science nor beyond comprehension.”
“Well, uh. You didn’t know, and I thought that now you did know you wouldn’t want to be with me. If you thought we were just friends then you probably wanted to stay that way.”
Both boys rolled their eyes. Bucky grunted and they took off running. Tony frowned. “I thought this was a club? Like the let's drink and get frisky club."
Everyone kind of paused for a moment. “Are you sure you want to do that. What if he breaks your toaster,” Clint chuckled.
Bucky swept over to Steve’s side. They sat beside each other their chairs touching. Steve whispered something into Bucky’s ear and Tony groaned. They were so disgusting together.
Sam nodded his head to Loki. “This way,” he coaxed.
Despite her guard, Wanda felt enraptured by the women in front of her. And despite herself, she enjoyed the day. Lunch to her surprise was easy going and they talked easily making sure she was included even if she wasn’t saying anything, and going shopping was fun. Wanda had learned her sense of fashion from magazines she had stolen, but she had three people wanting to help and update her look.
“Of course,” Tony answered, “Wait. I got something.”
“It’s an agreement between people that say they want to and they are willing to have sex with each other and it refers to the terms in which that agreement stands.”
“The book is filled with what appear to be journal entries, however, they are in languages I am not aware of.”
Loki felt like that said something but he wasn’t aware of Bucky’s past so he wasn’t sure what it meant exactly. “Tempters can endure more than most regular humans can even when they are unaware of it.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Bucky repeated.
“My pleasure,” she answered.
Steve groaned awake blinking his eyes open to see Tony standing in front of them. Bucky lifted his metal arm and flipped him the bird. “You’re just jealous,” he muttered and turned his head towards Steve and kissed him lazily, “I think Tony wants us to get up.”
Loki blinked at her. “Okay”, he agreed.
Loki watched the Bifrost fall from the sky as thunder crackled. No. No. Why was he back? No! Loki felt his back hit Sam’s car and he slid to the ground watching his brother appear a few hundred yards away. Felt when Thor’s gaze settled in him along with the Valkyrie he had brought with. Of course, he had brought her. Thor would need someone to subdue him, he didn’t have the army this time.
Scott had both an alarmed, confused, and amused look on his face as Tony dashed from the room. He returned with a teddy bear. He handed it over, “its soft and smells like lavender and if she is near it’ll keep track of her heart rate and breathing pattern, you could get your boss to wire the information to your suit or phone so you have the information.”
The table was silent for a heart beat and the words escaped Sam’s mouth before he could stop them. “Me too.”
Loki pieced the mug back together and melted the coffee. “I need to explain everything to Thor,” Loki decided, “and I missed school.”
His face was ashen though. “Why would Loki not tell me of this?”
Thor shrugged and laughed. Loki stared blankly at the wall in front of them. “Sadly where I must travel to secure a planet for my people has a bounty for Loki’s head. So despite the history, I must ask you to shelter Loki while I am away. You are the only people I trust to do so.”
Loki nodded letting out another sob. Natasha took a deep breath and waited another minute before beckoning Sam over. “Sit against the wall,” she ordered in Russian.
Just then Black Widow walked behind Tony and leaned over his shoulder. “I’ll watch the Little Spider,” she offered.
Natasha strolled in. “I brought lunch.”
Loki slept.
“What happens if someone steals your backpack,” Natasha questioned putting her face in her hand.
They ate pie and once that was done Peter helped Sam wash the dishes. “So do you have your suit with you,” Natasha asked.
There was so much to say. So instead he took Tony’s phone from his hand and had the video saved to the group Peter Parker Awh Moments file.
Sam sighed. “They’re right Tony,” Bruce said, “this isn’t his manipulative behavior.”
Loki shrugged. “I wanted to see you so I teleported,” he answered, “the house temptress said she would inform him.”
“Loki,” Thor roared, “what happened?”
I hate you right now. I hate you so much. You hate my perfect teeth. Well, fuck you too. I want to put you on top of the list of people that I hate, but I can’t, because even though everything you’ve done sucks it’s nothing compared to other things that have happened to Bucky and I.
“It was time,” Tony answered, “and Peter saw the letters and he insisted.”
She rolled her eyes watching the screen crossly. Eventually, Sam turned it off. “Let’s go get that fixed,” Shuri demanded looking at Bucky’s arm.
Steve only openly stared at Bucky. Bucky huffed. “It’s twenty-four hours, Sam and I are are going to binge that one Wakandian show that Shuri won’t shut up about so we can see the series finale with her, and T’Challa, and Okoye. It’ll be fun. And yes if I need anything I will call.”
Bucky shrugged. “You’re weird about your personal space,” he answered, “we’ve been waiting for you to invite him.”
“Thank you,” he muttered.
Tony got up and grabbed the newest version of the accords from where Sam left them. He handed them over to Steve. “They fixed the accords,” Tony explained.
“Ask F.R.I.D.A.Y about Sokovia,” Natasha ordered waving towards the cameras.
The tall lanky god glared from his spot leaning against the wall. His hands were chained in front of him and a muzzle was locked over his mouth. Like the one, Thor had taken him home in. Thor rolled his eyes and marched over to his brother. Loki’s eyes went wide as Thor picked him up and walked back over. There was something resigned and defeated in the way Loki hung limply even when Thor set him back down. Thor put his large hands on his brother’s shoulders.
“Wait until he does his first interview. People will want to arrest him again,” Wanda announced sitting down across from Peter.
Tony flashed the cameras an angry smile. “They didn’t. Steve and Bucky came home yesterday. Captain America and the Winter Soldier at two competing symbols built and manufactured by two countries at war. I’m ready to get to know the Icesicles, and it’s taken a lot of therapy and talking to get to this point.”
Sam looked around and nodded. “It’s good to be home,” Sam grinned.
“Ok, but Wanda is like that one sad cat sitting out your bedroom window in the rain begging to be let in, so you let her in, but if you get to close she freaks out and runs away and then every time it rains again your worried about her and feel like a terrible person, so when she comes back you feel like the best person ever, and you try not to scare her anymore,” Peter put in.
He followed Tony away as Tony stole the snickerdoodles. Loki floated half of the plate back into the room letting the millionaire take the rest.
Loki looked at Sam again. Exhaustion and sleep poured off the man. A grey sleeping shirt. Sam was kind and did not want to hurt him. Sam was helpful. Loki shuffled into the room. “Do you want to talk about it,” Sam asked.
The bar is going well. You wouldn’t believe how many pairs come one dressed up at us, I’m sure you would get a kick out of it, but I can’t see you helping us run this place either. Still, the door is always open to you. It’s not like anyone could prove you showed up.
Sam honestly doubted that. Nothing about Loki added up. “Alright,” he agreed, “I helped a brainwashed tortured prisoners of war turned assassin get his life together. I don’t think I have a place to think about morals like that at this point.”
“Back up,” Peter exclaimed, “why are you calling Mj and This Furry dude Tempters?”
Bucky stopped talking and looked in the direction he was called. It was a small group of Tweens. “Where’s Hector?”
Loki hugged the blanket tighter against his chest. “How about we go give it to him after breakfast,” Sam suggested.
He reached up and kissed Steve softly. Steve let himself be kissed and the next thing he knew the other man pushed him back off the dance floor sweeping away. Steve turned to find Scott an Clint they were gaping at him, his wide eyes, unkempt hair, and fully kissed lips, and the smile that accompanied it.
When Peter finally got better Natasha was very attached to him more than she thought was possible and he seemed fond of her as well. In his semi-conscious state, he had recognized it was her taking care of him so he tried to show his appreciation. And Tony was appreciative as well.
Tony put his face in his hands. “Yeah,” he agreed, “everyone seems to think that.”
“Who’s Nakia,” Tony questioned.
She hopped off the counter and made her way over pulling him in for a hug. He hugged her back. “I’m sorry for what happened,” she apologized.
“And you didn’t bring her to Thanksgiving why?”
Loki looked away. “Does that matter?”
Wanda nodded but couldn’t move. “Can you put your arms around my neck?” He requested.
Loki walked over to the mirror in Sam’s bathroom and looked at his face. He turned back and smiled. “I look like you,” he noted his tone almost giddy.
“I introduced you to Tumblr,” Shuri pointed out.
So when she arrived Peter was excitedly bouncing around playing catch with Steve while Bucky sat around with Tony. While playing catch was a great bonding activity Peter had ridiculously strong super strength. And when he was excited he didn’t have the best control. All three men didn’t like the idea of an over excited Peter throwing a ball at Tony. So Peter was playing with Steve.
Steve did. Steve gave them the plans and themes and sketches of what he wanted and they went and created it.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Whatever you want Buck,” he agreed.
“What,” Loki asked.
“Well, the state doesn’t know that,” Peter answered continuing his spinning, “but he’s going to get bored, and with the weddings coming up everyone is going to get busy and do you remember how he tried to bake a cake for Christmas and set fire to the third kitchen instead?”
“What do you want to happen,” Natasha asked joining her hand to the pile.
“It’s still sexual abuse and trauma,” Sam stated, “what happened to you was very bad.”
Loki watched Tony pat Wanda’s shoulders. The House Temptress said that she was a witch, but she didn’t smell like sage or yellow weed.
The next day was Avengers Thanksgiving. Sam spends the day in the compound kitchen with Tony and Darcy cooking. Loki was with Wanda and Peter getting a tour of the city. It made Sam nervous, but they’ll be alright. And they were. Wanda, Peter, and Loki came home safely and laughing, and everyone let out a sigh of relief. At dinner, they sat around together as a family Happy is included sitting between Pepper and Wanda. They don’t pray because most of them have given up on any god out there or never believed in the first place. But Steve gives a speech and some of them cry because really Cap should probably be getting a public speaking degree or something.
Bucky gave Sam a confused look, but Sam just shrugged. “That reminds me,” Pepper stated, "we’re sending you the newest draft of the accords.”
“No,” Bucky growled getting out of bed and grabbed Tony before picking him up and throwing him into the bed next to Steve.
Tony sighed and got himself another cup of coffee before sitting down to read it.
“You didn’t already know that?”
“That thing does not obey the law of physics at all,” Peter yelled.
Well, Steve and Bucky just wanted each other and Wanda only had the Avengers, but Clint and Scott had kids and Natasha was the godmother/aunt of all Clint’s kids and Sam’s entire family lived in New York, but all that was semantics. The point still holds. “We have people who are taking over for us,” Steve explained “and we did all this because there isn’t only one way to superhero. We needed to help people so we did.”
“Thank you,” Bucky answered.
Sam rubbed his face. Bucky has begrudgingly given into the fact that Steve was going to stay by his side, no matter what. This was despite one week of silence, three-four in the morning fights, and one fist fight and Bucky’s insistence that he wasn’t the same man that fell off that train. Steve’s stubborn determination said that he wasn’t the same man either, but he wasn’t going to leave anyway. And well, when Steve Rodgers decides something and digs his heels into the ground there isn’t one goddamn thing that’s going to stop him.
“Bed,” he stated.
Sam heard Kidz bop fill the speakers in the house. Loki was having a dancing day, but he had been in the gardens minute ago. “Why are you playing Kidz Bop,” his Mom asked.
Loki smiled and let Natasha drag him away. They spent the rest of the night eating pie and talking until Natasha’s fingers in Loki’s scalp lull him into sleep.
Clint and Natasha approach him like the loving sniddy children that they are. Natasha kissed his cheek and Fury set the kids down before pulling them both into a tight hug. Then he slapped Tony and Steve upside the head. Sam and Rhodey laugh. “Next time you knuckleheads want to screw everything up wait until I get back to clean up your mess!”
After dinner, Natasha announced that Steve said that they were staying with relatives. Which was interesting, because the last anyone knew Steve hadn't even had living family members when he went off to war. So who in hell were they staying with? She also added that the pair suspected they would get a late start tomorrow morning. Which might be a problem since the Avengers had their first interview since they disbanded the next day. The interview that Bucky and Steve had set up themselves mind you.
“I didn’t think you’d say it at all” he answered.
Shuri removed the brainwashing from his head in case you were wondering. No more Winter Soldier although he has all the skills and memories. That sucks by the way. He doesn’t talk much. Steve says he talks more when they are alone. He locks himself in his rooms for days on end. Asked Tasha to kill him once. That was a really bad week. I don’t know how you feel about him, and I knows he killed your parents and that sucks really it does, but he had as much control over what he did as a robot does. You can hate him for all that I care, but hate him for who he is not what Hydra did.
“I know,” Steve answered watching as another man sashayed past him, “do you have a problem with that?”
She took a large swing. “This is going to be rougher than James.”
Loki chuckled. “I have my fair share of vanity.”
“Congratulations,” Steve replied.
“Wait that’s legit,” Tony demanded.
Sam passed the small silver one over. She looped it on with the tags and handed it back. “There now he’s with your heart. That’s where I keep your father’s.”
“Where does Tony have you at in training,” Natasha asked.
Tony and Bruce walk in. “How are you feeling,” Bruce inquired.
Damn it this kid was too loveable and Tony was such a dick. Still, Steve had been the one to figure out how Peter fought and make everything work for him so he knew how to beat him. And Steve knew he was dangerous when something stood in his way.
Loki wiggled. “I’m done with this conversation,” he announced.
“You got the look,” the man answered returning his smile, “here I’ll take you up.”
Steve shook his head. “Nah,” he said lazily, “I think I can keep you.”
They all looked at him. “You are,” Janie squeaked.
Then Sam was there in between Loki and the Warrior King and Loki sobbed with relief. Sam was mortal, unable to match Thor, but at least Sam wouldn’t abandon him. “Thor backup,” Natasha ordered.
Thor’s eye twinkled in confusion but he stayed silent. “Before I get to that,” Loki pondered, “I need to tell you about my birth-”
Bucky stuck his tongue out which started a fight between the two men. Not an actual fight, but the play wrestle two brothers often found themselves in and Tony found himself shocked. Eventually, they split apart smiling.
“Well the Neighborhood is big so unless you want to drive a car you get a golf cart. Your golf carts at your house. Just the one house but two golf carts. I can build another house, but I didn’t suppose you would want one.”
“The Koreas,” Vision answered.
Sam looked around. Yeah, it was kind of empty. As much as he loved and needed space and how he never considered himself alone, Tony had definitely built the house in mind of additions to the family. He shrugged.
When he came back out again Shuri nodded. “Ready for the call?”
Sam ruffled Loki’s hair who let out a small yelp. “Well, you’ll have to decide that for yourself,” he told him.
“Let’s get him to Cho’s lab” Tony decided “the five of us can figure it out right?”
Steve groaned. “Why doesn’t Tony sleep in our bed,” he asked, “we have the room.”
“He did,” Tony agreed, “but neither of us had anything to do with that process. Sam and Rhodey went behind our backs and figured the whole thing out.”
Steve appeared. “Come on Peter,” he coaxed picking up the boy, “let’s get you into your own bed.”
Tony smiled. “I can believe that,” he agreed.
Tony rolled his eyes over his mug chugging it down quickly. “Banner hid it,” he complained, “thanks for asking Natalie .”
Tony laughed. “Yeah? A lot of people feel like that.”
“Turn left,” she instructed.
“Luggage,” Clint sing-songed as Sam walked in carrying another bag.
Wanda sat on her bed staring at the ceiling. The wooden rafters that Vision liked to sit in were empty. Vision surprisingly had a roaming soul. He said that if he wanted to understand humanity then trying to understand creatures who weren’t entirely human was not going to help him, it would only explain the outliers. So Wanda had told him to go and discover the world for them because she wanted to see it too. She couldn’t though. Right now she craved stability and while living here in France offered some running from the consequences of their fight wasn’t right. Everyone home that’s safe and happy has stability.
The two super soldiers shoved their way into view laughing. “I can’t take you anywhere,” Loki complained.
Natasha laughed. “Are you looking in a mirror?”
? Yeah that was going to go over well. Then again they took the Winter Soldier thing pretty well.
Loki pursed his lips. “You did not inform them that you are going to go see your family,” he pointed out.
Bucky buried his face into Steve’s neck flinching. Steve gripped Bucky’s hands and looked over at Loki. “Take the muzzle off,” he demanded.
She pulled back whipping tears from her eyes. “So you’re here to make peace with Steve?”
She laughed again. “I know,” she agreed softly, “we’ve worked out a different system. Peter is going to start interning for Stark Industries officially.”
Tony laughed. He knew he shouldn’t but he did. “What are you laughing at Stank,” Rhodey asked from the couch.
“Isn’t that a sin,” Sam snarked.
The camera turned to a small robot and Peter popped into frame next to it. Peter was jumping up and down with excitement. “Ok R5 fist bump,” Peter exclaimed holding out his fist.
Peter blushed. “Uh, thank you! I’m sorry I’m not really sure who you are?”
Wanda broke down into tears clutching the older man. Somehow he managed to get them both into the car and a blanket around her pressed against his side. Happy like usual was muttering grumpily, but this time it had some bite to it.
Loki was not going to admit that he had copied everyone else. “I supposed that since my stomach is stronger now I would try Midgardian meals,” he answered, which wasn’t really a lie.
Bucky lead the two of them out of the car. The news reporters stopped flashing their cameras. Occasionally Bucky would break a few cameras if they got to close to his face and no one was risking that today apparently. The former assassin was scary enough that the reporters had learned to show him respect. Men in military uniforms spanned the halls of the buildings. They glared at Sam, and Natasha, and Bucky.
Bucky paused. “I tried to kill him once, and he’s alive.”
“Thanks,” he answered with a smile.
Tony glared. “I said my labs for a reason. Rhodey is a genius, but not that kind. If you can convince him to take you into his labs that’s fine.”
The next day Sam knocked on Loki’s door. Loki opened it. “Good morning,” Sam greeted.
“What does magic child mean,” Natasha questioned.
"Hey how come you're Captain Rogers and I'm Mr. Barnes" Bucky complained, "I'm crying bullshit."
Steve snorted, “yeah but the whole neighborhood still knew we were together no matter how much skirt chasing you did.”
Shuri glanced at him. “I have practice with bioengineering healing technology.”
Loki froze suddenly very phased. Sam can’t blame him. He scooched the chair back some and Loki climbed onto his lap pressing his face into Sam’s neck taking large and deep breaths, just like Sam had taught him to. Sam held on just as tightly and breathed with him.
Clint shrugged and started to chug. “Can we have everyone take their seats?” A producer asked, “and has anyone seen Captain Rogers or Sargent Barnes?”
Tony watched Bucky ramble distractedly. Honestly Tony would be rambling to if he could get a word in. “Ricky!”
“You wouldn’t bring him if he was,” Jul agreed, “how’d a kid like that end up a POW?”
Steve gave him a sympathetic smile. “It gets easier.”
Fifteen minutes later Tony was dying of boredom and Bucky walked in. He was carrying two different mugs. He slipped behind the bar and set the coffees down in front of them. It was eerie how he had managed to make it silent. He leaned down under the bar and pulled up a tub putting it in front of Tony.
Bucky leaned down to their level. “Hector had night classes tonight,” he explained.
Loki nodded to the temptress and she started to give him directions. “Don’t hit your head on the wall if you wish to make it to the kitchens before you pass out,” she ordered.
She nodded. “If you don’t have any more questions I’m going to go find Peter.”
Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes AKA the former winter soldier
His Mom tisked. “Bring him with you,” she decided.
Then a splash of orange filled the air and Dr. Strange walked in. Natasha shot him before he could so much as a breath. The bullets stopped in front of his body and fell to the floor. Sam stepped in front of Loki. “F.R.I.D.A.Y the crazy magic guy is here again,” Sam yelled, “get Tony and Wanda.”
Loki perked up. “Plant here?”
“I will kill anything that tries to harm him,” he announced to Sam.
Sam: What’s the score now then?”
“I’ll print off some pamphlets later,” Sam answered, “you’re so stupid.”
Sam didn’t hide his frown. “His country was invaded just after he was born,” Sam answered, “and he was kidnapped and raised by the forgiven power, but they acted as if he was more a piece of jewelry than an actual person. His home went through an uprising and part of his adopted family brought him to us while they sort out their countries affairs.”
Loki pinched him and Tony danced out of reach. “Come on,” Tony whined “I’m only teasing. Now go get ready.”
“I won’t,” Loki agreed.
“Daddy,” she asked.
Sam finally reached out and took Loki back before his mind could slip to some place else. Tony cracked a horrible joke that made Pepper hit him upside the head but everyone sighed with relief as the tension broke.
Loki laughed and she grinned at him. “So what do you want to do while we wait for Wanda and Vision?”
Everyone was the small little Lego piece version of the other Avengers. Natasha felt herself getting choked up. “Thanks,” she muttered and walked away before she could embarrass herself.
Steve nodded like he understood. “When I meet Peggy, Bucky he said I should be with the both of them. He gave that up for me.” he confessed his eyes tearing up.
Peter sympathized with the look of panic on Sam’s face and gave him a nod of solidarity. They showed Sam his new house and when Wanda left to go over to Clint’s to help Laura with the kids Sam turned on Tony and Peter. “So who adopted Wanda now and why is it a secret? I mean is this like the nice thing?”
They inched closer together. “Stevie,” Bucky yelled.
Soon a Friday came and Clint and Scott burst into their apartment carrying bags and suitcases. “What’s that,” Steve inquired only glancing up from where he was doodling on Bucky’s arm.
Darcy poked at him again grabbing his hair. “I think you're hair is longer than Thor’s. What’s up with you Asgardians and long hair?”
Loki liked Wanda and Peter. Wanda had a few day time classes tomorrow, but she was done before lunch, and Rhodey had meetings to attend to and Clint was bussy with Clint things. “We can surprise Wanda and pick her up from school tomorrow,” Sam suggested rubbing soothing circles into Loki’s back.
Before Loki could say anything else or press Sam asked, “how did Thor respond to you?”
“Sam!”
The words pressed against Sam’s throat but wouldn’t come out. Tears slid down his cheeks. She whipped them away without looking kissing the top of his head. “Rylie,” he admitted.
Then she disappeared into the crowd and Steve kept walking into the crowd ignoring Scott and Clint’s protest. As he got near the dance floor a man snatched his finger’s into Steve’s belt loops and tugged him onto the dance floor. “God you’re handsome,” the man purred.
“Sam in all your letters home you mentioned Rylie and in all of our video calls Rylie was there and Rylie is the only thing you won’t talk about with anyone, it wasn’t rocket science,” Sarah pointed out.
They were silent for a really long time. “You’re bisexual right,” Bucky inquired after about an hour of silence and lying on the ground.
He shrugged. “Got home yesterday morning and by five Laura was helping me pack when we saw the news.”
“He did turn your sister into a murdering bloodhound and then banish her,” the women by his side interrupted.
She left. Sam went to his room and carefully put the rings into a box and went out to meet Loki. He was sitting in their golf cart his bag gently placed on his lap looking at the map they had made of all of Sam’s family members. “Remember what I said,” Sam started.
This is why you need Steve. He crushed my arm when he saw the news. Crushed my mental arm. Shuri was pissed, but she was more pissed at you because it’s really fucking clear that you aren’t giving him the proper resources. Get your act together geez. Why do you think I got stuck with Steve. He had no idea what the fuck he was doing but kept doing it anyway. And I had to drag him out of fights. That’s what your suppose to do.
“I’m not cheating,” Lo announced looking up at Sam.
“Witches react to everything around them. They feel the nature and react to the world around them. They deal in spells and the way people react with their environment. It’s different for each switch and the strong ones tend to move around a lot to gain power from new places.”
Tony made another offended noise. “Excuses me, what am I chop liver? Flaming bisexual here.”
Rhodey laughed. “She reminds me of you. When you showed up to MIT you were small and angry, and lonely. She’s more self-assured than cocky, but still the same. You wanted a friend, and so does she. She just might be more mature than you were.”
Sam considered and went up to Steve’s studio. “You’re not painting me,” Sam informed him as he went over to the window to watch Bucky take Loki around his garden.
And if the words "experiment on you" didn’t shut Wanda down nothing would. She felt cold and froze and the man kept talking and she thought he grabbed her arm, but who the fuck knew because we wanted to experiment on her. And she couldn’t stop him. She could see the news reporters now Wanda Maximoff assaults local professor unprovoked, can we trust this Hydra menace?
Bucky climbed to his feet and left the map in Loki’s book. “How fast do you read,” Bucky asked.
Aoyun nodded breathless, “thank you.”
Loki shrugged. “Typically across the galaxy male warriors only keep male bed partners in order to show superiority and dominance,” Loki choked on the words, “most find it as a barbaric practice, but most barbarians do not care.”
Tony sighed leaning back. “It wasn’t all my fault, but he had a point. I was so caught up trying to fix what I thought was wrong I forgot about everyone else. That’s on me.”
A knock on her doorway drew her attention. Steve was leaning against the door with a small smile on his face. “Are you packed yet?”
The door to the elevator popped open to the sound of whirring gears and James Rhodes stepped out with a backpack slung across his shoulder and a gift bag in his hand.
“I need to tell you what happened,” Loki informed him, “and you can’t say anything until I’m done, because once I start I won’t be able to stop, and if you try to stop me I will break. Do you understand?”
Shooting Sam was a dick move. It was inexcusable. Rhodey is getting better. He worries about Sam a lot. He wants him to know that he didn’t everything he could, in his case and Rylie’s.
She hung up. “I think that’s your cue to go,” Natasha chuckled, “Lo go get your bag.”
Loki’s eyes drifted in and out of focus. “Sam,” he asked.
“Yes,” Sam answered.
“Stop,” Tony groaned, “please stop.”
“Of your Midgardian years, I am,” Loki answered, “and I don’t know what that is supposed to mean.”
Peter gasped and flailed his hands. “Do you think he would let me go to Pride with him?”
Hey Tony
“Want to check it out,” Sam offered when Tony didn’t respond.
Tony rubbed his face again. “I didn’t find you,” he admitted, “Steve did.”
Who would talk to Tony Stark like that? He pressed forward and read each letter one by one. The soonest one was dated three weeks ago and there was a photo under it. Steve Roger’s had a bi flag painted on his cheeks a brush pressed against the Winter Soldier's cheek a deep line of purple already there. The Black Widow holding a bottle of vodka out of Hawkeye's reach staring at the camera with Wanda sitting cross-legged on the bar three shot glasses being juggled with her magic while Scott sat on the bar stool in front of her.
Tony shrugged guiding his son into the elevator. “Probably,” he agreed.
Steve snorted and a soft smile spread across his face. “I’m sorry about that,” he apologized.
Sam: Boundaries Barnes
“F.R.I.D.A.Y! Play my vine compilation again.”
“How often were you around him growing up, would you have listened to him? No,” Natasha spat, “that is a conversation you need to have with him one day. Today you are staying away from him.”
Clint and Rhodey beamed because Wanda was just amazing, ok. “And your quiet active with your college's Women’s Rights Club is that correct.”
“True,” Bucky agreed, “nowhere as cute as you were though.”
Steve shoved Bucky away, “bye Sam,” he screamed hanging up.
Loki paused. Natasha tastefully watched him. “Do you want me to tell you why I request that?” Sam asked when Loki didn’t answer the Light that had been in his eyes earlier dying out.
She laughed. “I hope that was a joke,” she demanded.
“And how does that look for you, a normal rhythm?”
“Must have been all the fellas you showed off with,” Bucky purred.
Bucky watched Sam fight the urge to get choked up over that. “You think we can get it down to a compromise,” Sam asked instead.
“Wow,” Scott muttered.
The five of them walked in. Four hours later Sam walked back out exhausted, but relieved.  He had it and it felt good. He could see Natasha was still gearing up to fight, but he was done for now. Sam was ready to go home, see his kid, and go back to his regular schedule. Reporters rushed him. Bucky snarled and they all stepped back.
Sam let Peter have free reign on the music and didn’t even try to peg down the boy’s taste. Peter was happy with this arrangement.
Sam laid on his side as Loki relaxed against the board. “It’s illegal to film musicals and plays without permission and royalties, but people do it anyways. They’re called bootlegs.”
Loki slid from his spot on the couch over to Sam looking over his shoulder at the pamphlets. Sam passed them over letting Loki read through them. “They’ll teach me your Midgardian dances,” Loki asked after a long pause.
“You do,” Loki snidded.
“Not in you,” Sam exclaimed and rolled his eyes, “Steve just swears a lot.”
Screw you,
Sam and Loki went on a few more excursions outside of the neighborhood before Thanksgiving. Working their way up to large crowds. Three days before Thanksgiving Pepper took Loki out to see Mama Mia on Broadway and Loki came back shining. Pepper smiled softly as he slipped inside. “Taking him out more might do him some good,” she suggested.
Loki reappeared, nodded at Gideon, kissed Sam’s Mom’s cheek, and slipped off with Steve. “Come in,” Sam invited, “do you want anything to eat?”
One day he was in bed with Bucky getting ready to attempt at going to sleep when Bucky pokes his head from the bathroom door wet hair bouncing in front of his face. “What do you want to do for our anniversary?”
“This place is entirely accessible, Scott figured out how to get a darn button and an elevator in this damn place, and he put the ramp next to the stairs as well. Clint made sure everything was set up for people who are deaf or blind or both I guess. He does an ASL class on Tuesday mornings and a Braille class on Thursday mornings and an LSF class on Wednesday afternoons,” Bucky explained.
“Keep inflating your ego Stark it might hit the ceiling,” Steve chided.
Thunder crackled through the house. “Tony didn’t schedule a storm today did he, ” Sam asked because Tony could do weird shit with the weather in the neighborhood, but Natasha was down the hallway before the words could finish escaping his lips.
“He does that a lot. And the kids at the club showed him things,” Steve huffed.
“I went to a Women’s shelter,” Loki answered, “I like to volunteer and help them.”
Bucky shrieked. “I am a deadly assassin! I should not be ticklish.”
Loki roused himself from sleep at eight and stretched out. He showered and got dressed and went into the kitchen. Natasha was sitting over a pot of coffee with a hairbrush by her side. Loki obediently sat down and let her play with his hair. Then he braided hers in return.
Loki looked away. “I wouldn’t know what to want” he admitted.
It really shouldn’t have surprised anyone when Loki got sick. They had come from thinking of him as a strange alien god to a really sad teenager. There was team therapy involve. So Loki was treated no different than Peter and Wanda in the teenage department. But he was still Loki. While he didn’t use magic often it wasn’t unusual to find him levitating an object he needed or if he was in a particularly good mood creating a small minuscule illusions of things like a backpack in the middle of the floor, or a plate of food, just to see if they would try to grab it or trip over it. Tony thought (correctly) that if Loki could do more deviant acts he probably would.
Her face fell. “Why not?”
His Tumblr name popped up on the screen and Bucky groaned. “You love me,” Shuri exclaimed cheekily.
“I thought Tony got full custody now,” Sam stated, “why would Steve’s opinion matter?”
Steve blushed. “Oh, so you remember that now,” he asked.
“What the hell,” the man spat, “you should leave. There is no way I’m going to tolerate that Scarlet Bitch!”
“He’s a doof isn’t he?”
Bruce hit Tony's chest in protest while Sam glared. “Leave my new best friend alone,” Wanda exclaimed pushing past Tony and Bruce before sitting next to Sam.
Despite how messed up Steve and Bucky both where it wasn’t hard to see that they were in love. You just had to look at them and you knew it. Then there was the fact that if someone touched Steve Bucky basically had a meltdown. Yeah, there was definitely some unhealthy codependency issues there were working at.
“Fuck you,” Sam exclaimed while Steve laughed.
“Thanks for all your help Nat,” Sam announced as they watched Loki curl into sleep.
Loki looked away and Bucky gently took the blanket. “Do you like flowers?”
Thor hadn’t mentioned that to Loki, but he supposed that didn’t matter. Loki shrugged. “I’ve never met her,” he answered, “but I saw her in Thor’s and Jane’s? dreams. Strange little thing, not powerful, but I’m sure that comes from lack of training, but very dedicated.”
Loki watched the bulky men leave the room. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. He wasn’t going to cry and beg Thor not to abandon him again. He wasn’t. Because Thor always did this. Promised to stay with him and work on their relationship before he ran off again. Leaving Loki alone and at their Father’s mercy.
“You’re going to have to give me more detail than that Buck,” Steve answered.
It was a small little game they had. Bucky would gift Sam with the worst thing he could find and see if Sam would refuse to use it. Sam was not going to lose. Hence the terrible apron and iron man slippers in his room.
“I’m a chaotic gay if anyone cares,” Bucky piped up bringing up his flesh hand with Steve’s to show off the golden rings they were wearing, “and last night I made dinner in our old apartment and purposed. Thanks for the help Ashly.”
Loki turned his head towards the direction of the small version of the hulk. He indeed did not have any meat on his plate. “Oh,” he answered lamely.
Loki nodded slightly. Sam nodded back. “Overall, it seems like you are pretty comfortable with me and I’m cool with you. From a psychological standpoint, it seems like living in the Ranch House is just going to stress you out. It makes sense. There’s not enough space or privacy. Here you can have privacy.”
Loki eyes widened with relief and trust. “Okay,” he agreed and drifted back to sleep.
Loki did not respond. When they arrived at Steve and Bucky’s house Loki went ahead of Sam to the door and knocked.
Sam chuckled and walked over shaking T’Challa’s hand. “How’s Wakanda?”
“Well in their defense everyone slept in each other’s beds for warmth,” Bucky muttered.
Loki looked away. “We’ll talk more about that tomorrow,” Sam answered, “you should go back to sleep.”
Tony and Clint still kept their distance, but a polite distance instead of an angry one. Peter hung around Loki whenever he was at the neighborhood.
Sam didn’t press Loki further. When Sam finished he set the brush on the nightstand. “Thank you,” Loki whispers.
“Can we not do this,” Sam requested.
He waved goodbye to the women at the shelter and followed the Temptress out the door. He held out his hand to her and she took it allowing him to teleport them to the Ranch House in the Neighborhood. The front door clicked open and Loki watched Sam run out.
Peter groaned, and went to his bedroom to update Ned, Mj, and Wanda. “Oh cool,” Wanda responded immediately.
“Cool,” Sam agreed, “do pancakes sound good to you?”
The movie cued up and Loki managed to wiggle himself down to the floor breathing a little easier as the temptress curled up with Jane. Loki looked up as something poked at his cheek. Bucky shoved a million blankets and pillows onto him and Loki was swallowed in them until Sam’s dark hand pulled him back into the light. “Jeez Buck. Don’t suffocate him!”
Happy got a twist cone and Rhodey ordered three hot chocolates a basket of pretzels a peanut butter turtle blizzard and a mouse track blizzard. She wasn’t sure how he knew she liked that, but he did and she wasn’t going to complain because there was no way she could pull off a full sentence right now.
Pepper took it from his hands and read it herself. She snorted. “What happened wasn’t your fault Tony,” Rhodey reminded him.
But blood rolled out of his nose. He felt the Avengers realize that if they threw an attack at Strange he would just redirect it to Loki. “Fuck You Strange! Fuck you,” Tony yelled storming in, “Jesus Rhodey was I ever this big of an ass? I feel like I’m looking at a doucher version of myself.”
Steve nodded. “I’m helping Sam stress bake,” he offered with a shrug, but that made Loki laughed as well.
Sam had an ecliptic taste in music and would listen to just about anything that anyone put on, except country. He put up with enough shit to deal with country music. And everyone knew that. Thankfully.
Loki looked back over at them and tears rolled down his cheeks again. “We’ll be here for you as long as you want to stay,” Natasha promised.
Loki perked up and leaned forward and Sam sent him off. “POW, huh,” Jul their cousin asked, “do they send them all to you now, or what?”
Bucky and Steve arrive at the Neighborhood and they are both Trolls. Shuri is the greatest and everyone agrees.
I knew bringing Peter was a mistake, he’s not like Wanda. He’s still too young, even if she is as well. Take care of our girl and make sure she blossoms. And I’d tell you to give my apologies to Natasha, but I’m sure she already knows that I was pushing her away because I was scared and that I’m sorry, but that’s a conversation I’ll have with her one day.
By lunch the next day Loki had still not left his room. According to F.R.I.D.A.Y, he was awake. “I’m going to go bring him something to eat,” Sam announced packing up the leftovers.
Loki shook his hand back. “Lo,” he answered with a shy and charming smile.
Here’s the thing. Typically Peter is an extremely rambunctiously healthy kid. Except for one random point during the year where he got terribly and violently sick. Like, let’s have some fucked up hallucinations sick. Aunt May could barely handle those times. But the Spider Bite made Peter’s metabolism increase and have him a bit of a healing factor right? So he wasn’t going to get sick like that anymore so May never told Tony about this, and therefore Natasha didn’t know and she hadn’t gone through Peter’s medical records until F.R.I.D.A.Y woke her up at three in the morning and announced that Peter was running a high fever and was sick.
Tony bit his lip. “I don’t know him,” Tony answered, “but I’ve worked a lot out in therapy.”
Laura hushed them, but a small smile plastered itself on her face. “Who’s Nick Furry,” Wanda questioned picking up Nathaniel and Peter nodded his agreement to the question.
He handed the phone back and started to google using his holograms. Steve let Tony watch a few more videos. “So why are you bringing this guy to me. It looks like he has it figured out,” Tony questioned, but Steve knew that the genius was hooked.
“You put just as many as on mine,” Steve argued.
Sam brushed Loki’s hair. “Loki, we need you to answer a question for us,” he murmured, “it’s just yes or no.”
“I’ll be fine,” Sam answered.
Peter shrugged and blushed. Bucky ruffled the kid's hair. “Give me your phone, I’m going to put Shuri’s number in it.”
Ah, that was why Sam had come last night. The temptress in the house must have told him. “So if you need anything ask F.R.I.D.A.Y,” Sam ordered, “now I’m going to go take a piece of that food so you know it’s not poisoned and then I’ll leave.”
So unbeknownst to anyone Captain America was walking down the streets of queens listening to a podcast. It was called “Stuff Mom Never Told You” that Sharon had recommended to him.
Steve smiled back and closed his eyes. He fell asleep between his boyfriends for the first time. It was the best sleep any of them had gotten in years.
“No,” Mj answered.
Ok. That was not the question Steve was expecting. Bucky’s memories were still a mess. The rule was that he could ask questions but no one else could.
Like the accords was a minor argument. “It was a lot of not communicating and a few things that were kept hidden.”
When it opened Tony was washing his hands. He looked over at Steve. “Are you always so overtly polite? Because I think my A.I likes you more than she likes me and that’s just not fair.”
Sam was not a Dad. Sam looked at Loki who was staring at him with trusting eyes, who dragged him into the living room every time he learned a new dance move to show it off. Who tugged Sam awake at five in the morning to show him how his plants were sprouting up. Maybe he was a bit Dad ish.
His voice faded away and he looked at Clint then both their eyes combusted. “Bucky,” they yelled.
Steve hid shit. That was just one of his little quirks. Well, it wasn’t so much as hiding it because he never but a ton of effort into it, he just didn’t say anything either. So Steve didn’t get upset if you didn’t tell him things unless lives might be on the line. Which was what lead Steve and Natasha to their first fight. Which she loved to complain about. And Sam and Bucky started to watch Shuri’s tv show before she killed them for not watching it.
“Bucky!”
Pepper and Tony called Rhodey as they went to their room. “He called us Mom and Dad Rhodey Bear,” Tony announced once he saw his best friend on the screen.
Wanda woke up for the second time in her new room. Her bed was cold, but Vis was laying beside her. He didn’t sleep, but he liked to do boyfriend things like cuddle in the morning. “Good morning Wanda,” he greeted.
He hugged Tony and then proceeded to bounce up and down. “So Mom and I were having breakfast right? And then F.R.I.D.A.Y says that Natasha is calling and then Mom just squealed which was amazing, by the way, and ran into the living room so she could take the call on the big tv and they talked for like fifteen minutes and when they were saying goodbye Black Widow the literal Black Widow made direct eye contact me and said Good Bye Baby Spider. Like I feel like I should be offended, but I’m not. I’m just so excited! Like she could punch me in the face and I would say thank you.”
Sam was surprised that Loki had spoken but the Demigod broke into sobs again. “You have a kid?”
“Loki’s torture book,” Bucky spat, “all the fucked up things his father and his father’s friends had done to him.”
Sam scrunched his nose. “Did he just say heck,” he asked Tony.
Steve and Bucky looked at each other. The language that only they knew. “Can I draw you,” Steve asked Shuri.
Tony nodded. “Your wish is my command,” he answered.
“Loki. I can feel no shame in you,” she argued, “I am honored to be the wife of someone as noble as you are.”
The picture was of Sam on one knee looking up at a white man blond man who was crying. Loki noticed the small ring in his hand. That didn’t make sense. No one had announced that Sam was married? Not even Bucky’s map had mentioned that.
Bucky poked Natasha’s side with inpatients, “show me Twitter so Steve can act old and share his photos, that no one wants to see, with Sam and Tony.”
Loki liked Ice coffee but he took a two hour nap once they got home. Family dinner was at the Ranch house tonight so Sam pack's Loki’s bag while he was sleeping. When Loki woke up they talked about the car ride to see Wanda, which turned out pretty good. Sam didn’t mention any other trips away and got Loki moving to head over to Tony’s.
Wanda paused. Did she really have that much clothes here? Laura looked at her. “Wanda, are you alright?”
“Hi, Sam,” Peter answered skipping over to the counter and sitting on a stool dropping his backpack.
“You can’t go near Loki,” Natasha stated.
Peter squeaked and Shuri gave him an interested glance. Peter started to tell her about what he was doing with R5.
“Then why aren’t you going,” Loki demanded.
“Good,” Natasha sighed.
She smiled at him. “That’s our friendly neighborhood Spiderman,” she informed him her eyes glittering, “he’s not your Avenger level of hero, but we all appreciate him here. He stops some robberies here and there, muggings, gang fights, but you know he rescues cats from trees and helps people across the street. A real sweetie.”
Then she slipped out taking the roses with her. “She was very distressed when she arrived,” Bucky said softly, “she kept yelling something about a fool who got himself into too much trouble and had no idea how to take care of himself.”
Natasha was already looking through the security footage. Mj and Ned had literally walked through the front gates and the door. Ned lifted up his face to see their faces and immediately shoved them back down. Mj never lost at chicken and she was going to play this the long way. Fantastic.
She waved him off. “I’m the best one for the job, right? I’ll be ok. It’s just nerves.”
Loki hopped to his feet and walked towards the back of the house. Sam followed. Loki looked out the screen glass door and Sam opened it before Loki presses his face against the glass.
“You can do that,” Sam asked.
“You shouldn’t be talking about proper English when you look like your seventeen Mr. Loki,” Peter answered.
She gulped. “Do you think he fears me?”
“Deep pressure,” Tony questioned.
Thor stared at him unblinking. “You don’t know what any of that means,” Loki sighed, “I wish you were smarter.”
Tony set a bag down and pulled out a bottle of vodka and a dozen roses. “I owe her an apology and if I want to live to give a proper one,” he shrugged, “it does not hurt to have advantages.”
Two days after he found him in the garden Sam was sitting with Natasha in Loki’s hospital room followers from Bucky, Wanda, and Peter surrounding them. Cho was going over the schematics with Jane again. They had gotten his temperature to stop rising, but if that was a good thing or bad thing was questionable.
She smiled. “Don’t let me keep you here,” she encouraged. “you probably want to see the club.”
A moment later a blond bulk of muscle and a three-piece suit ran in. Loki glanced at them from his spot on the wall, where he was reading.
Loki whirled his way in and waved. “Hi, Grandma Wilson,” he greeted as instructed after their second call, and ducked under Sam’s arm and pressing against his side.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y did you contact Cho yet,” she demanded.
Darcy disappeared as Jane started to bounce off ideas. “Hey Bird Man,” she called from down the hall, “what’s this?”
“Thanks,” Sam answered and shoved a small tin of leftovers in the fridge and heading towards his room that was located in the Ranch House.
Peter gasped as The Black Widow stopped next to him. “Uh, Yes? No? Is this a test? Oh my god,” Peter exclaimed and thrust out the present towards her like a crucifix.
Wanda laughed. “That’s not what he’s trying to say Viz, but I appreciate it anyway.”
Then Mj promptly sat down on the chair at the other end of the bed. Ned stammered something that sounded like an apology and sat beside her his face in his hands.
Loki sobbed again. “No,” he answered.
“Lunch,” Loki asked.
“Did you do it on your own free will,” Tony pressed.
No one was sure what that meant, but they waited.
Steve Rodgers
Loki froze. He felt someone pinch his shoulders. “You’re not muscly like Thor.”
“Why Jane?”
“We had a screening room in the tower,” Tony pointed out.
“Have I needed them? Maybe I don’t care what happens,” he swept the thoughts away.
Tony let Bucky’s words drift into silence and then sighed. “I don’t know what he would have even told me. Oh hey, my old boyfriend who I had thought was dead but is actually made into a weapon and brainwashed by Hydra killed your parents. Sorry?”
Loki pushed his other hand through his hair. “Is it only my presence that makes your home empty or is there another reason?”
“You might want to get more plastic dishes. Asgardians tends to get emotional and forget their own strength,” Jane explained taping up the box.
Tony shrugged. “F.R.I.D.A.Y make a compilation video for everything everyone on the Avenger's team had ever said about the accords,” he ordered.
Sam like, promised, had a conversation with Rhodey and Clint when Rhodey got home and after some complaint, the pair buckled down to face the problem head-on.
“Nice to meet you,” Loki told the two men.
Peter whined but he was delirious. Cho rushes into the room. “The fever is stabilized,” Natasha told her, “but it hasn’t gone down.”
“Now,” Loki requested.
Steve made a delightful little sound and muted the television. Two hours later they were in their civilian clothes. Steve watched Bucky check his Twitter as he texted Tony.
“Aoyun Fox,” Daniel answered.
Natasha followed after him. Loki looked at Wanda and Vision. The couple was leaning into each other without touching watching him with soft eyes. “Have you settled in here yet,” Wanda asked with a smile, “I know that when I got home it took me a couple months to get my act together.”
“The lettering on the hoodie shirt is blue so I guess American Flag irony" Clint questioned.
Sam did not roll his eyes even though he wanted to. Not in front of his Mom. Sam saw a flash of green run past his door out of the corner of the screen. “What was that,” his mother demanded.
Bucky pointed to Tony Stark’s form walking down the street. “Shit,” he yelled, “what are we going to do?”
They sat at a table and Happy fidgeted. “Sorry I was late Miss. Maximoff,” Happy grumped, “I should have got you first then Rhodey.”
Peter bounced up and down on his bed flipping back and forth watching R5 put together sentence fragments. His door opened. “Peter, Pepper is making lasagna tonight are you staying over? If you are you need to call May and have you finished your homework yet,” Tony rambled.
“And I you,” he answered, “how are you settling in?”
Tony felt ice freeze him. His lifelong hero and celebrity crush wanting to die? He couldn’t imagine it. He shook his head. “Well, I’m glad you’re alive.”
Steve smiled lovingly. “After I rescued Bucky from Zemo’s lab and we were back at base he was shaking so bad. Kept saying that all he feared was that he wasn’t gonna see me anymore. Kept telling me he would marry me if he could. Said he wanted to marry me so bad. I agreed. And we exchanged our dog tags. Our plans was to find an apartment in Brooklyn after the war and settle down" he explained.
Which didn’t make a ton of sense to anyone, but Bucky, but the internet lost their shit anyways. Bucky had tagged everyone and Tony, Natasha, and Clint had reposted it on their own accounts so everyone following them was now following Bucky which was ridiculous. But shit happens, Tony was not jealous of Bucky's instant popularity.
Steve turned his head to the tv in front of their bed as Tony’s face appeared on the screen. “Hey Bucky Bear,” Tony greeted sitting in his workshop, “J said you wanted me.”
Sam rubbed his face. “How are you feeling,” Sam asked.
Sam glanced down at his phone as it vibrated.
Sam: Loki wants to return the blanket Bucky loaned him so we’re coming over after breakfast.
“Anything else,” F.R.I.D.A.Y asked.
“You can do knife tricks for the bar,” Steve suggested to Bucky in Russian turning the drawing around.
Bucky regretted speaking immediately when their wide eyes snapped to him. He heard Sam sick in a deep breath. Without warning, Rhodey started to laugh loud and boisterous, and Pepper giggled. “Oh,” she exclaimed, “tell Natasha that the next time we go out to get our nails done we are bringing you with us.”
“What have you done,” Tony moaned, but Steve could see gears working in his head.
“He’s not really a danger like Bucky was,” Sam admitted.
“Any pains,” Bruce pushed when Loki didn't answer, “did everything heal correctly?”
She shone with pride. Sam felt a bite of discomfort at that. It wasn’t like he didn’t want to help his brother cook, but he just hadn’t arrived in time lately to do so. “Oh you know we don’t blame you, honey,” his mother cooed, “hurry up and come home. I’ll see you then. Happy Thanksgiving Natasha.”
“Thank you,” he whispered as she finished.
Loki was always desperate for good touch and if it was Sam he would fling himself at him to get it. With Natasha he wasn’t nearly as pushy, but she could see his eyes and would cave before he could do anything. He wouldn’t initiate touch from anyone else, but for some he was more than happy to receive it. Peter and Wanda made points to plaster themselves against him in a large cuddle pile, and Bucky and Steve were big on hugs. Bruce had his own issues about physical contact, but he’d ruffle Loki’s hair or pat his back. Jane and Darcy seemed to always know when and when they couldn’t be physically affectionate, some days with them could get rough, especially if his memories were bad.
She made a give me motion and Sam obediently handed then over immediantly wanting them back. “Which one is his ring,” she asked.
Steve was relieved as hell that Tony wasn’t angry at him. As soon as he acknowledged it, he realized that he really did like Tony still. He had just been pushing those feelings away since Bucky was back. Honestly, though this made so much sense. The way Tony and Bucky always sat really close and how Bucky called Tony Doll and Tony never got upset. How they had really intense energy when they worked out with each other at the gym. Damn.
“Natasha introduced Laura and I years ago,” Pepper smiled, “ever since then the three of us started to go on girls getaway trips a couple times each year, and when Peter started coming around we invited May.”
Peter’s eyes widened. “How did you know that,” he squeaked, “and I’m not really the heir, I mean they’re like my parents well they are my parents but nothing legal like that” Petter rambled “But you know I totally respect secrecy so sorry for prying.”
“What war letters,” Tony asked.
. Despite the book, and chains, and muzzle they hadn’t hurt him. It was fine. He was safe.
Then she slapped Loki. “Don’t fake die again,” she ordered.
“Tell me who hasn’t adopted you after they saw you slightly disgruntled from a nap wearing a sweater and a man bun and I’ll shot them,” Sam declared from the doorway.
Tony laughed and ruffled his hair. “So no one is telling Wanda what she is doing,” Sam pressed.
“I’ll have Friday run an analytical behavioral study to see if he’s trying to trick us,” Tony offered.
Monogamy was fine. He was monogamous with Bucky for a while until they meet Peggy. Well kinda. They were as monogamous as two queer kids could be in the nineteen twenties. Which meant Bucky chased skirts and pretended to. Peggy had grabbed Steve’s heart the moment he saw her and Bucky knew the second he saw them. Which didn’t bug Bucky so much as long as Steve didn’t leave him. So Steve wouldn’t mind one bit sharing Tony with someone if Tony was interested.
“Give me the account name,” Sam requested laughing, “I got to check this out.”
“If I feel uncomfortable we can leave and if I start to feel bad I have to tell you,” Loki repeated.
“Why would Thor not know you were married?”
Not very long indeed. Wanda had walked in on Clint having a video chat with his wife. That had been terrible. How Laura had smiled at her like she was welcome, How Clint’s eyes had widened when he realized what she had done. She had felt his panic as his mind processed the reality of his family and his superhero family merging again. How he couldn’t handle that. And that’s is Wanda knew that Clint would never adopt her into his heart. Not in the way that Tony had with Peter. Maybe Clint would act parental, but he wasn’t hers and that was that. And that was crushing. So she had stayed just long enough to say hello and excuses herself before she went down to the training room and joined Steve punching a bag to death. Now she got to actually meet the women. Great.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Sure Stark in your dreams. I’ll do that when I let you bite my ass.”
Tony stood and made his way over. “Well, you’re the one who keeps writing me love letters and telling me to come. I figured I should listen.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes and hung up. Tony joined Pepper on the bed and pulled her into his arms. “Steve should have been here,” Pepper whispered, “not me.”
Loki nodded. Sam pulled his arms around Natasha and Loki pulling them into his lap and against his chest. Natasha started to sing baa baa black sheep and Sam sang along. The song didn’t matter. The soft repetition did. Eventually, Loki cried himself to sleep. Natasha slipped away. “Go lay on the couch with him,” she ordered, “I’ll be back in a minute.”
He released her slowly like he was afraid she would disappear otherwise. He whipped the tears away and then his own. “How was the flight,” he asked walking over and grabbing her bag and tossing it over his shoulder.
“Sam,” Tony answered with a nod, “stop sending me therapist, mine is starting to feel offended.”
Loki felt a giggle rise into his chest. He let it out slowly, even though he was scared and unsure and scarred, but he always had been. And Sam had stayed. That was more than Thor had ever done. If Loki had wanted Thor to do something for him he had to manipulate him into doing it, but Loki in his tired and befuddled state had asked him to stay and he had.
“Oh,” Natasha asked and opened the folder, “oh,” she agreed and then reached over and squeezed his hand her eyes burning with fury, “I’ll start gathering my contacts.”
“The crazies have been coming up with your training,” Sam answered, “well mostly Steve, but Nat knows what he wants and what he is looking for. So she should be able to handle your training until Steve gets here.”
“I learned to enjoy it,” Loki protested.
That answer was no. Loki was as good as in a coma his skin growing more and more blue and his temperature rising. They finally sent a message to Thor. Loki is sick, help. But they didn’t know when Thor would get it and if he was able to come back. So they tried things and waited.
So everyone knew Loki as a broken teenager that had come under their care, but there always was the knowledge that Loki was in many ways a god. So no they did not expect him to get sick. But he did. Sam found him passed out in the garden his skin turning blue and sweating. Sam freaked out calling Darcy, Jane, Bruce, and Tony while lugging Loki back inside to his bed.
Steve smiled looking like a golden retriever. Peter got that from him. “That’s enough heavy for one night,” Steve decided, “tell me how you’re going to add a heater to Peter’s suit.”
Steve gulped. “Wow. It’s good to see you both.”
Bucky rolled his eyes and looked over at Tony. Shuri chose to look up at the same moment. “And I’m interrupting something,” she stated as her eyes narrowed with recognition “do you need a safe house?"
Steve: Am I supposed to know where that’s from?
She raised an eyebrow at him. “Did you get older?” He blurted.
Loki woke up the next afternoon his gaze focusing on Sam and Natasha sitting beside his bedside leaning against each other in quiet sleep. It immediately calmed him. He owed a lot to them. For this peace and safety, they had given them in their few mortal months. The love they had poured into his heart. It made Loki want to sob. It often made him feel sick and dirty to have such people willing to fight for him both against other people and for his state of mind.
Peter blushed. “I don’t try!”
Sam and Bucky share a look. “Let me change first,” Bucky requested.
He grabbed the bag Steve had dropped and pulled it over his shoulder. “Sam and I will be back down in an hour to see what Steve thinks. You’re welcome to join us upstairs or you can stay here with Steve,” Bucky stated stopping next to Steve.
“I haven’t seen my true face in a hundred years,” Loki admitted, “as a shapeshifter, it is expected of me to live between my forms. I abandoned this one in the hopes that the loss of boyish charms would chase away desire”
But Thor was back. Had he felt Loki’s pleasure and health? Had he grown bored of acting as a malevolent king and wanted his plaything? Maybe in order for Asgard to rise again, Thor needed to trade him off. Thor would take him from here whether Loki was willing to go or not. And if he was not willing to go the Avengers would fight for him. However, they were not god’s and Loki would not risk their safety for his own happiness. If they were hurt trying to help him he didn’t know what he would do. What lengths he would turn to Avenge them.
And then the girl was gone and the manager was bringing another tray out. She cleaned the mess up. “This could have been a lot worse, with the media” Rhodey noted shoving the pretzels towards Wanda.
“You’re going to give Tony the tour,” Sam answered unflinchingly.
Shuri laughed. “You mean you have more free time,” she answered back.
And if you came to me right now I would try to fix all of our issues still, but I don’t know if I want that or even if you will ever want that again. I hope Pepper and Rhodey are ok. Sam checks the news twice a day about Rhodey’s condition, you were a dick for shooting him by the way.
“Of course he was waiting for us,” Shuri exclaimed.
He kissed Tony’s cheek and blushed. “I’m sorry.”
Loki took the jewelry out of the box. They were composed of silver snakes intertwined small flowers for scales and green emerald eyes. He turned them over and felt his throat tighten. “I mean we all did a little something, Rhodey and Bruce argued for three days if bracelets were a good idea or not,” Natasha added, “but Sam he had the engravings done.”
We’re all fine, everyone misses you. I’m resending the names and numbers of those therapists I was talking about earlier. Here’s a picture I took today of everyone.
The doors lowered and she saw green, not the grey asphalt she was expecting. Wanda inched down out of the ramp and searched her surroundings. In front of her was a large house, not a mansion but something bigger, maybe, a ranch house. But there was another smaller house a small walk away and then again another. Where was she?
By the end of the way, Wanda was trying not to nod off into sleep as Laura showed her photos of her kids. “And that’s baby Nathaniel, he was going to be Natalia if he was a girl, but his godmother spoils him anyways. Calls him her little Pep. When Clint came home after Slovakia he asked if we could change Nathaniel’s middle name to Pietro.”
Steve laughed. “Bucky and I we always wanted to attend college so we’ll be looking for one where my credits transferred over.”
Bucky giggled as well. “I remember losing to this one Dame. She and her girl were sharper than a whip. Best Skinny Steve Rodger’s cosplay I had ever seen.”
“Not as old as you did,” she quipped.
Then he ran off. The video faded into a second with the boy now clearly definable as Loki. Maybe around twelve or thirteen. He was sitting at a table of what looked to be generals. His eyes lazily roaming the room. “Daddy!”
Two months later Tony was sitting in his kitchen reading a news article, and he smiled. A new gay bar in France was wildly popular as a thematic club called Vengers. They were known for their insanely good look alike constant the fan favorite the Avengers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter didn’t say anything but obediently climbing into the golf cart next to her, Sam got in behind them. “Clint is meeting us,” Natasha announced.
When Sam finished an agonizing two hours later Tony was half asleep. “That sound good?” Sam asked.
Better until she was on the plane by herself. Wanda hated being alone. More than anything. She had never been alone. The longest she had ever been away from Pietro was five minutes and even that had felt crushing. Now without him it suffocating and being alone made it so much worse. Not many people could stand to be near her, caught into much fear, but the Avengers could and for the most part she was welcomed with open arms. But the plane Tony sent was self-automated so she had no one and nothing.
Natasha shushed him. “Can you eat dairy?” Sam asked looking through the fridge, “you’ve been here way too long for me to not know this.”
Scott yelled again and Bucky settled against the wall again. A couple of girls walked by and Bucky juggled his knives around offering a small smile to them. They stopped to watch giggling. Eventually, they kept walking and Bucky kept juggling effortlessly.
Sam: What are you doing now?
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, “and he’s going to be hanging around more if I have anything to say about it. Come back Happy I have work to do.”
It was true that Tony was a shameless flirt. He loved doing it and seeing the blush it gave people. He also loves flirting with homophobic straight guys to freak them out.
“Oh,” Peter answered, “and they’re coming here?”
“I think you smell fine,” the android announced.
Loki sunk to his knees and began to crawl. Angrboda placed her hands over the eyes of her son and sobbed. Odin sat and grabbed Loki by his hair smacking his head against the side of the throne. “Marriage has tamed you Loki,” Odin purred, “usually you make me repeat myself. You don’t mind keeping Thor in the front lines for another twenty years for your selfishness, but your wife and children, you easily compile.”
Bruce Banner walked in and rolled his own eyes. “Tony stop whining, you don’t need to ruin your body even more. It’s for your own health. And stop calling me Banner, it sounds ridiculous coming from you.”
Loki looked away from him now disinterested. While Loki loved his brother he was not ready to fix their relationship. While he was glad to come clean they would one day need to talk about it. But that was not needed now. Loki needed to find himself and this was the best place to do it.
Sam cleared his throat. She glanced over at him. “And you,” she amended.
Loki looked at him and nodded. Then he slinked into his room. Loki looked at all the beds he could sleep in and smiled. The options were nice. He pulled the book he had been reading earlier down and climbed into the bottom library bunk. He read until he drifted off to sleep.
“Sure thing Boss,” she answered, “and Peter will be here in ten minutes.”
Peter cried throwing himself into their arms. Eventually, they sat down and ate their dinner and had a movie night before sending Peter off to bed.
Tony felt his whole face go red. He flicked the pen at them. It bounced off Steve’s chest like he had no idea like it had hit him. Who knew two super soldiers and a pararescuer could be such dicks?
“He grows on you,” Bucky answered.
“Well, he quit band. So there’s that,” Steve answered setting his shield down and dropping himself over the couch.
“Save that for later,” Pepper exclaimed, “did you guys see the new video of Peter and R5?”
“So your not going to explain why you know Mj,” Wanda asked, “I mean I know her through Peter, but I don’t see why you would.”
Wanda and Loki dissolved into laughter as Peter went on and Vision chuckled. Loki didn’t answer the question, but the four of them settled into soft chatter. Loki watched Wanda start to sift off to sleep leaning against Vision who gave her a look of pure adoration as he combed his fingers through her hair. Peter slumped off as well Loki felt light and his stomach was settled and full. He rubbed his eyes to keep them open. “Oh, Pete,” Tony sighed looking down at his kid and ruffling his hair.
Tony nodded slightly to amazed to speak. “You brought Natasha something didn’t you,” Sam asked.
Tony shrugged “You’re cute when you are flustered. Did you have any luck finding your ex?”
“Are you Three going somewhere?”
Steve gave him another smile and Clint turned back to the interviewer. “Alright buckle up for this one, this is the best story you'll get all year.”
“Touchè,” she chuckled.
There was a picture of Bucky and Steve surrounded by small dark haired children.
Peter blushed. “Th-thanks Mr. Stark! Tony! I meant Tony!”
Natasha waltzed over to Sam. “That apron is too cliche,” she complained kissing his cheek.
Peter gasped. “She’s Wanda Maximoff and I’m just Peter Parker.”
“No,” Sam dismissed “that would be a violation.”
Loki laughed. “Alright,” he agreed.
“I’ll watch him,” Bruce offered.
Steve and Bucky glanced at each other. Communicating in the way everyone but Tony and Rhodey were used to. “Excited,” Steve announced after a long pause “we have so much to be grateful for and we’re ready to see where the next chapter of our lives takes us.”
“Well you see your nose scrunches up,” Bucky started.
When he finished his mother hugged and kissed him again. “Alright,” he said, “I have a kid to go check on.”
Sam took in a deep breath. “A mother should know if her son is married,” he answered, “and I should have told her long ago.”
“I tried to keep it all inside me,” Loki whispered, “now that it’s coming out I can’t hold it in anymore.”
Wanda threw the pillow away and bolted up. And there Clint stood at the edge of her bed with his stupid grin and a tray of breakfast that he slid onto the coffee table as she launched herself at him with a cry. He laughed catching her. “What are you doing here,” she cried pulling back.
“Really,” Peter gasped, “that’s cool. I read all the letters that Steve apparently didn’t send and that was weird, but ok. And that was cool.”
Loki decided to answer the question rather than point out Sam’s lack of understanding. “I am tethered to the Avengers,” Loki answered, “not necessarily this place.”
Her voice trailed off. “Steve would be ecstatic for you to be an influence on Peter,” Sam told her, “he has the highest respect for you.”
Loki sat up. “I tried to take over your world and destroyed your city”, he stated, “you deserve an explanation. Thank you for allowing me to collect my mind. Since I have not been attacked I assume that you are aware that not all I did was of my own complete violation.”
Bucky answered in a blue hoodie that Sam knew was Steve’s and sweatpants. “Thank you for loaning this to me,” Loki muttered holding out the blanket.
“There are a lot of vigilantes around the city lately,” Tony answered, “but I haven’t heard of one centered in Queens.”
“This is too confusing to figure out in one night,” Clint decided, “we’re not going to learn anything until he’s stable. Our best option is to help get him there.”
Sam fell asleep on the couch listening to Loki talk, and for the first time in a very long time, Sam was at peace.
Bucky appeared on the screen. “We were screwing when you called,” Bucky grumbled.
Peter gasped “I have been betrayed,” he screamed stumbling across the room, “why have you forsaken me like this father?”
“Not much. One grabbed Hel’s arm a little roughly,” Angrboda answered.
“How did you find the name for it,” he asked.
Loki looked back at her. “I would have stabbed him,” he agreed, “but I wouldn’t kill him. He protects the time stone.”
The wrapping was an emerald green. He ran a finger over the silver bow. He pulled at the bow and let it twirl through his fingers before he carefully unwrapped the box popping the lid open. It was an intricate bracelet or maybe a wrist cuff? “Well Pepper knew how to get it made, and Clint suggested the designs to Steve who drew it, and Bucky added the flower indents to it, and Tony might have classed it up a bit, but it was my idea.”
“Do you cook much?”
After some time Tony felt himself settle in the way that Steve and Bucky interacted and the way they decided to interact with him. And it worked. It really did. Later that evening after a few dozen tours Steve was showing Tony pictures from their tour of Europe when Sam walked in. He’d been at his job working at the VA all day. “Welcome home,” he greeted to Bucky and Steve.
Bucky groaned and turned fist bumping Shuri. He looked behind T’Challa and Shuri. “Nikita, Okoye.”
Clint smiled. “Yeah I definitely need a drink.”
“Sam why does he speak in sentence fragments and verbs,” Tony demanded with a huff waving his hand around.
When that finished Bucky took his phone back and uploaded one of each photo to Twitter.
“Hey,” Sam greeted crouching down to eye level and rubbing Loki’s forehead gently, “I’m headed out to work now,” he announced, “Natasha is here and she’s having breakfast with you before Steve and Bucky come over. I’ll be back by dinner. Try to get some more sleep, okay?”
“Not until you start loving me again,” Tony whined as Bruce took the coffee away and poured it down the drain.
He finally made it to the kitchen. He sat against the cupboards, forcing his vision to stop swirling. When it did Loki found a glass and flipped it with water, and then he found a chicken broth. He sat back down on the ground. Once he finished his eyes fluttered shut, and while Loki wasn’t keen on falling asleep here, but he knew it made no difference as to where he was if they wanted to hurt him. He was in his enemies home and they would do as they pleased to him.
The crew announced they were going to camera, but the interviewer was still pale. “Welcome back ladies and gentlemen,” he announced anyways despite his paleness as Bucky smiled at him, “before the commercial break we were joined by Captain America and Sergeant Barnes.”
They shared a look and smiled. “You’re really happy Sam?”
They walked a block before either of them said anything. Finally, Bucky spoke. “Ya, know Steve’s Ma basically raised both of us. My own Ma she was great but I had a fair share of siblings. Mrs. Rogers basically adopted me when Steve did. Misery loves company and loving Steve is defiantly a misery.”
“You want to see the house or the tour of everywhere else,” Tony demanded.
“A sensory chamber,” Bucky answered pulling the veil down “Clint and Scott made it. Steve wanted to make sure there were places in the club that people could escape to that toned down sight, sound and smell. You can press against the walls for a tactile sensation that helps with deep pressure.”
Sam rolled over in his bed and Loki flinched. Sam rubbed his face. “Loki,” he called sleep caught in his voice.
“You’re leaving this,” Tony exclaimed gesturing towards the bar.
“So you have kids then?” Chase asked.
“This is why I keep you around Dorito,” Tony quipped, “you're like the second half of my brain.”
They both looked at each other until Lilia returned and Steve joined her at the coffee table to draw. Tony relaxed back into the couch watching his family slowly drip in. Peter wouldn't be back till Thursday, but for now, this was good.
“Well, I didn’t ask,” Bucky exclaimed.
Then the letter came.
Duh. They both sat down. “You’re in love with him,” Clint asked.
Loki watched Sam look for an answer, Natasha nodded. “That’s right,” she agreed walking over to the window and opening it, “hey, wait for Sam.”
Despite that Tony was amazed at how much they were doing. How they had found ways to help without fighting villains. If Peter heard all this he would love it. Actually, he wouldn’t shut up about it. Bucky lead him down the steps to a small cozy cafè. It was designed like a cabin with a fire roasting in a fireplace and everything. Teens and tweens were snuggled up next to each other happily, with buttons on their shirts saying things like “ask me about my pronouns!” Or “I’m a girl!” And even “I’m Death” and they all wore colored wristbands. On the far wall, Tony could see what each color meant.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Of course you do. Sam is gone.”
Wanda blushed. “I think I’ve given him enough trouble already,” she confessed.
Bucky, in fact, did know how gay that was. Sam sighed. “I’m following his Tumblr,” Shuri explained with another eye roll, “the last two posh he has made has been along the lines of “is there something along the lines of I want to push you against the wall and give you a million hickies so everyone knows your mind but not like in a sexual way, ok that was a lie in a very very gay way. I’m gay, help” and this one is my favorite “my best friend and I are in love with each other but we won’t say it because neither of us are ready for that and he’s a mess, and I’m a bigger mess, but there is no one I would rather be a mess with.” Which is basically a culmination of all that gayness we just witnessed so...”
“Who’s Rylie? And isn’t that one of the places that one of the places for your Midgardian wars.”
Bucky kissed Steve’s neck and quietly ushered everyone out of the room.
“What the fuck is that,” Strange demanded from the video.
“Oh I love it when you get feisty with me,” Tony chuckled, “so did you check on our kid?”
“Peter, this is Shuri Princess of Wakanda and their head of technical developments. She’s the one who got rid of the Winter Soldier programming and made me this arm. Shuri that’s Peter Parker in the flesh.”
“Wanda broke your toaster twice,” Steve pointed out.
Natasha rushed to Peter’s room and found the boy laying on the ground shaking barely conscious with vomit mixed with blood beside him. Natasha rolled him onto his side and felt for his forehead. He was burning. Far too hot. Immediately she stripped him of his clothes. “F.R.I.D.A.Y I need an ice bath,” Natasha ordered as she picked him up.
Sam sighed. “Not anymore,” Sam amended.
“Don’t be mad that I’m better at subway surfer than you are,” Bucky teased.
Loki looked up at the ceiling. “You’re not a twink,” he said.
Steve: You’re a traitor
She glared at him. “It’s not okay Sam,” she spat, “the government can’t just erase the parts of us they don’t like.”
Sam nodded. “If you want.”
“All we’re missing is two kids and a dog,” Steve laughed.
Years of pressure and fear zapped out of Sam and he started crying again, shaking and unable to stop. As painful as this was, it was release and relief. It was something he needed.
“Loki?” Sam repeated walking in, “what’s going on?”
Wanda snorted. Sam smiled at the reporter, “we’re doing good. Everyone is excited to have Steve and Bucky home. Now we are trying to get into a rhythm.”
Loki huffed. “They didn’t always force me to submit,” he informed Sam, “I learned to trade myself for favor.”
No. Bucky had been the one to cook when Steve’s Mom passed and with so much to learn about the future there hadn’t been much time to learn how besides a few simple things.
So Pepper talked and Wanda said all the right things to keep her talking. To make it seem like she was invested in the conversation. And Wanda supposed that this was her pence her dire need to be around people, but the disconnect she felt from them. How she was unworthy of them. How her bloodstained magic repulsed them and how she could never have a true family again.
Eventually after the fight, Tony had calmed down and Shuri had removed the triggers out of Bucky’s head. So Tony had invited them to come back to the compound to make up and play nice. Steve wearily had accepted. After all if Tony was going to be a better person and extend a hand Steve would be foolish not to take it. So they had all moved back to the Compound. It helped that Tony wasn’t trying to kill Bucky any more.
“T’Challa’s not wife,” Bucky stated, “and not girlfriend, and not lover, but they are hopelessly obviously in love and totally admit it. I fear the day she meets Natalia. The world doesn’t stand a chance. They gotta be the best spys in the world.”
“Oh,” Wanda answered.
He had no idea how to answer that. She had barely lived with them.
“When did you get that good at signing?”
Bucky got his Twitter up and running and was verified. Clint gave Bucky a selfie stick much to Bucky’s delight and everyone else’s horror. Somehow they ended up in one big group photo. Which Bucky proudly posted with the caption
Tony kissed a tear that fell down his cheek. “I’m an ass, aren’t I? Teasing you about Barnes being your boyfriend when he actually was.”
Steve laughed and then cut it short as he felt Sam’s eyes on him. “Don’t look at me like that,” he whined his ears going red.
Steve reached over and hesitantly took Tony’s hand. “Why do you think we’d be breaking up?”
“I’m not officially diagnosed you know. It's entirely speculation,” Tony declared plucking one of the contraptions out.
“Don’t say that,” she exclaimed, “how could you tell me?”
“Why can I not see my brother,” Thor demanded.
Sam smiled. “That he is. I’ll see you tomorrow Pepper.”
A few hours later Shuri came onto the server and over to Bucky’s farm riding a rhino, she created because she wanted it. Shuri didn’t say anything to him, just left a cute stuffed bear in a chest which Bucky put on the bed.
“I’m handing you over to a bird and an ant, I’ll never be ready for that,” Bucky joked.
Michelle snorted. “Ned incas, you forgot we are sitting in their living room. I thought it was kind of obvious,” she announced.
So Loki couldn’t listen to what they were saying. It didn’t matter. It didn’t matter. It really didn’t matter. Except Thor was undoing the chains. Loki rubbed his wrist. He hated handcuffs. Hate them. “Be good while I am gone Loki,” Thor ordered and hugged him, “once we get settled I will come back for you.”
“Why,” Mj asked.
Our home is always open to you and I’m not going to turn you in, even though I hate you. Even though I’m supposed to because I love your perfect white teeth.
“Sam what is he saying,” Wanda asked.
Loki shivered, but Sam went on. “Relationships can be really different though. When all parties are consenting it’s a good thing. No one is suppose to get hurt and if they do it’s not on purpose. They stop and work it out or leave the relationship. Steve and Bucky, Darcy and Jane, Rylie and I, those are safe relationships and a lot of other people have safe sane and consenting relationships. They want to be together. And for the community of people who fall for people of the same sex, a twink just means a smaller guy who’s more feminine, usually, but they aren’t in danger because of that. For a lot of people in the community, it’s kind of an affectionate term, some don’t really like it. The important thing is that no one hurts them just because they are small and they aren’t weak either.”
Bucky stuck his tongue out. The interviewer chuckled. “The bar you opened is said to be very successful. Many people are surprised when they realize that Vengers is a gay bar. How did you make that decision?”
Pepper laughed. The walked past a tv and Sokovia was burning. Not Literally just a building but Wanda looked horrified. So many things flashed through Tony’s mind at that second. “It looks like you have to go to work,” Pepper told him.
“Bucky is yelling about the price of parking,” Lo answered, “and Steve is trying not to agree with him.”
She noticed the confused looks from the family and shrugged, “I was looking at them for a school project.”
Gideon had followed their father’s path and had become a minister, and Sam had followed the path to the Air Force. It had worked, even though originally they had both wanted to do the opposite.
“But you have your own family,” Wanda exclaimed, “and I kill my family! So I can’t join yours. I’m just a burden.”
“You are the worst preacher ever,” Sam announced as Janie blushed.
Tony watched them. It was like they were in a vacuum. Their hold world consisted of just one another. Everything that happened around them was nothing. “I’m going to send you back to Europe,” Tony muttered.
“You can’t choose wrong,” Sam answered, “I just want to know the things you like.”
Tony opened the back door of the house for her and they stepped in. It was as tasteful as she thought it would be, but it was less sleek. It was more open and homely than any of his properties had been. This was homely. She could even smell cookies baking.
Loki climbed to his feet and meet Mj. “Time to go home,” she announced.
“But you’re Wanda Maximoff,” Ned put in, “it’s different.”
“Tell Steve what we did tonight,” Bucky demanded.
Bucky glared at both Sam and Steve. Steve was blushing beet red, but so was Sam. “I do not need to hear about your sex life,” he groaned, “especially not a play by play.”
“Wanda,” she corrected and waved him off, “not your fault.”
Loki wasn’t sure how to respond to that. “I fail to see how an Mj would know this.”
Steve kept walking but his eyes finally landed on Tony and his keys dropped. “Shit,” he yelled.
Loki looked up and covered his mouth with his hands as his body reacted violently. Sam sat beside the god. And looked at the book. An eight-legged horse was proudly colored. Loki buried his head into his kneels and Sam put his arms around him. Later as Loki’s sobs started to die out Sam asked, “so who's the horse?”
The thing is if I went to you now all I would be able to do is break down and scream because I hate you so much I love you, but I have no idea who you really are. I can’t come to you because I’m afraid of who you are. But at the same time I want to know the real you desperately. I don’t think we can work out our issues until I work out my own, so until then screw you and live well.
Loki looked at the screen that had appeared and Peter stumbled into view. “Sorcery,” Loki muttered as the first video faded to black.
“Do any of you ever sleep,” Tony interjected.
“Vision’s room is right next to yours and so is his house. If you two end up getting married I’ll build you a new one.”
Tony sighed. A school book picture came up of Peter. He was a small dark-haired thing with adorable chubby cheeks and lakes of brown eyes. “Oh, Stevie he looks like a puppy,” Tony complained, “how are we supposed to keep letting him do this? He’s way too young! He’s younger than you were!”
“I know it’s eating you alive and holding you back from life,” she answered, “but I also know that you do too much for us and ask for too little. How am I supposed to deny you privacy when it’s the only thing you ask for?”
Sam knew there was nothing he could say so he didn’t say anything to that. “Alright, we’ll go,” he agreed, “if that’s what you want and what you’re comfortable with, but if anything changes you have to let me know.”
Peter pouted and headed inside. “Good afternoon Peter,” F.R.I.D.A.Y greeted.
Loki blinked. What? Natasha finished wrapping the hair band and kissed the top of his head, “he’s talking to you, Dear,” she announced with a laugh.
Tony rubbed his face. “Alright so trying to force him to stop is a bad idea, I can’t stop so I can’t imagine an impulsive teenager could.”
“The Magic will redistribute itself in unpleasant ways,” Loki answered.
There was a silence in the room, but then Sam moved pulling Loki into a hug before he called Thor. Natasha led Loki to the living room and he curled up on the couch a blanket wrapped around him. Bucky and Steve arrived before Thor did. “I’ll be right outside the door,” Bucky promised kneeling down beside the boy, “and if you ever try to turn yourself in again, I will burn your pumpkin patch.”
Natasha was back in a minute, pale and with the book Thor had brought and none of them had thought of touching. “What is up with sucky people and books,” she demanded setting it down on the coffee table.
“Same person,” Peter argued.
“Oh,” Bucky answered, “but what about fellas?”
Fury sighed and directed his attention to Loki. “I think it’s about time you explained New York.”
They sat in silence for a while. “Do you think he still hates me?” She asked.
Shuri cast her eyes around and settled on Peter. He met her eyes and Bucky knew a great friendship was being born. Shuri has seen the Peter R5 videos and was just as enamored as everyone else. Peter was a genius and there were very few people that could meet her at her level.
Tony smiled. “Alright tell me the plan for this sleep over again.”
Peter wrestled with the blanket trying to get up and fell when he heard Nephew. “Nephew,” he squeaked.
“Where have you been,” Natasha asked Loki, as Sam made hot chocolate.
Bucky raised an eyebrow at Tony and then nipped Steve’s ear. Steve let out a delightful yip. Tony felt a little bit more than uncomfortable it was one thing to imagen Cap making those sounds or looking so squirmish and seeing it. He had never thought of Steve as a bottom, but it seemed like Bucky brought something out in hi. It was very attractive. “Bucky,” Steve exclaimed, “knock it off.”
“Wow,” he breathed looking around taking note of all the different flags hanging across the room.
“Awh don’t give me your sad eyes,” Clint whined.
“Because you enjoy it or because that is how you survived,” Natasha questioned.
“I will keep you from Thor for a week if you do not behave!”
“Don't insult me” Rhodey teased as he walked out.
Sam groaned. That hadn’t helped. Two hours later Bucky sent him a text with a sleepy looking Steve laid out on their bed a thin sheet wrapped around his waist and his neck covered in hickeys.
Lo: We’re going out to eat to celebrate or something.
“Congratulations,” Rhodey answered and he smiled with them, “I’ll be back tomorrow is the kid still going to be there?”
Tony’s heart stopped and he looked back at the tv. Peter was nowhere in sight. “F.R.I.D.A.Y find Peter,” Tony ordered.
Sam was hopeful that they would deem Bucky stable so they could leave Wakanda. T’Challa was an amazing host, but they didn’t want to keep relying on his kindness.
Steve wasn’t really sure how to handle this type of thing. Especially with Tony. “Sam and I aren’t dating,” he reminded Tony which Tony waved off, “but yeah he’s good. The apartment is nice. Thanks for helping him find it.”
“It’s fine,” Sam waved off, “it just shocked me. Take any form that you would like.”
She kissed his check, “go have fun. I’ll see you two in a couple of days.”
And Steve spoke highly of James Rhodes and Pepper Potts. And if Steve spoke highly of Pepper Potts then Natalia just gushed about her, well gushed in the Natalia way of course. He didn’t want to seem like he was trying to scare the other James and he wanted to make a good impression on Pepper. Well, the whole assassin killing Tony’s parents, with all those letters wasn’t a great start, but damn he had some manners at least.
“I’m ignoring you”, Natasha declared and Sam laughed, “you two head to the living room I’ll get the pie.”
“Until Steve arrives,” Natasha answered biting her lip, “he knows better than I do. I learned a bit unconventionally.”
“If you want to come back here Tony will send you off without question,” Steve informed her.
Sam made a cooing sound. “Awh.”
Tony fiddled with his phone taking it back from Steve. “That was all the reasons why I came,” Tony answered, “but Rhodey sent something with me.”
“Date?”
After some time Sam took Loki back to his room. “F.R.I.D.A.Y tell Loki I am in the next room over when he wakes up tell him where I am, and alert me.”
“We are,” Tony answered, “I just bought so much land that I could put trees in and what not and you can’t see the city because I have holograms projecting a country vibe. Leave the property and the city shows it’s head again, but I wanted someplace to appear private.”
Ah, so he was worried about how Bucky would feel being here. Of course, the Punk was. “It’s going to work out Stevie, and you're not going to just back out. This is your family, my family, now" Bucky assured him.
“It looks great,” Steve agreed.
Natasha glared at the interviewer then at the camera crew. Who all flinched. Still, that man persisted. “One of our producers looked up the translation of Oče and as it turns out that also means Dad,” the man stated, “that sounds like an interesting story.”
Steve Rodgers
“That would make him happy to hear that,” Sam told her.
So Sam filled out the paperwork and Natasha and Loki went online shopping for school supplies and they scheduled Loki’s classes. “Peter you’re going to have to keep an eye on Loki,” Tony said the day before they were set to go for the winter semester, “he can’t defend himself.”
Sam sat between her legs his back against the bed and she began to rub his forehead. Sam had worked out all his problems and confession in this spot for most of his life, and once he sat it became easier to collect his thoughts. Because really there was no easy way to say ‘hey Mom I got married to Rylie when we were off duty in Vermont and then he died, so yeah.’
“I destroyed one of your Midgardian cities in an effort to take over and enslave your world.”
A couple of months ago Tony would have never mentioned Bruce Banner, even so offhandedly, but lately and thanks to therapy he was loosening up a little. “What about Uncle Rhodey,” Peter demanded.
Steve whined blushing. Bucky slung an arm around his shoulder and started to laugh. Tony started to laugh as well, and Steve just sat there blushing. He felt horrible about not knowing he was dating Tony. What kind of boyfriend was he!
Pepper beamed. “Hi, Peter, welcome home Rhodey.”
They walked into a small kitchen. “This is the quick kitchen,” Tony answered, “there’s a bigger one for family meals, but that’s not always necessary.”
Pepper rushed into the room followed by Wanda. Tony saw Peter standing in the doorway with Shuri. Pepper kissed the other man and Rhodey pulled his daughter into his arms. Tony left them to it and grabbed his son’s shoulder, “I’m going to go call Dr. Cho, but do you want to head down to the lab? You could show Shuri R5.”
“Is that a good or bad memory,” Sam questioned.
Bucky glided his fingers over his created map showing Loki how the group dynamics worked on and off the field. “What about the Tempter Nick Fury,” Loki asked as Bucky started to finish.
Rhodey hands her a few tissues and grabs one of the blankets from off her bed. He leads her to a comfortable little living room and as soon as she sits he drops the blanket on her and he sits down on the other end of the couch. It’s nice.
“He was a POW,” Sam answered, “and he’s got a name.”
“Kind isn’t a measure,” Sam answered.
Bucky’s lips pressed into a soft smile. “I’d ruffle your hair, but Natalia must have done that braid and she’ll kill me if I mess it up.”
“Oh, Rylie,” Sam sighed.
Wanda felt the plane land down hours later. Not see because the plane didn’t have windows. Tony didn’t want to risk anyone seeing her, not the media, or the army, or any of their enimes. Wanda steeled herself to see the compound and grabbed the duffle bag she had put all of her things she wanted to keep in.
Bruce shrugged. “Well not really any different from when we first saw him. Cunning and self-serving. But on the ship, after we left the ruins of Asgard it was different. Loki he spent time with the doctors using his magic to heal injuries, and he made sure that the mothers and the elders were taken care of. Anything to get away from the warriors who kept picking fights with him. He avoided Thor when Thor was talking to their warriors, and when he wasn’t he seemed very content. Until we got close to Earth. Then Thor brought out a bag and Loki just froze his eyes going wide. And he kept froze as Thor told him the plan and he didn’t react until Thor pulled out the chains apologizing, and from there he lost it. He took out seventeen guards had Thor in a death hold with his knife ready to stab him, but he dropped it like it was hot coal and turned on the guards still charging him. When they finally got him down he just kept screaming that Thor was betraying him and that he was no better than Odin. It seemed to upset Thor who was confused, but he chalked it up to Loki not wanting to see the Avengers again and I thought he was right, and Loki’s been like that since the muzzle got on.”
By Friday Steve had just grabbed his bed and plopped it into Bucky’s room and Bucky followed him with Steve’s dresser and that was that. Sam moved into Steve’s old room a while later.
“I spent four months reading everything I could get my hands on about everything Steve was ever diagnosed with, so screw you,” Bucky exclaimed shoving a finger into Sam’s chest, “and fuck off. Give me two days and I’ll know more about it than you!”
Wanda smiled and they talked until Rhodey showed up to usher Wanda off. Wanda rolled her eyes. “You’re such a Dad,” Wanda complained rolling to her feet.
Bucky felt his eyes widen further. Pepper continued, “Tony was going to have him join the Avengers but Peter turned him down,” she chuckled.
Clint hummed happily. “Agreed,” Wanda cheered.
Shuri half groaned half whined. “You weren’t supposed to be able to break that,” she complained, but her eyes lit up at the challenge.
“They were the only experiments to live,” Natasha answered, “and she isn’t really sure why it worked on her and her twin.”
Sam shoved his family out of the building. When he returned to the VA Sam was still smiling. “Well Sam all you need is something pretty to lay down next to at night,” Alex said as he walked in, “and then you got it all.”
Tony sighed. “Let’s go eat our feelings in ice cream,” he suggested.
“Yes,” Thor agreed winced, “Banner can make case for my brothers change in attitude, however.”
Sam didn’t bother trying to understand what she was doing while she tinkered with the arm. “So I finished the hologram covering,” she declared, “so you’ll be able to make your arm look like anything you want.”
Sam’s eyes widened but Bucky didn’t give a shit about the accords so whatever. Rhodey sighed and rubbed his face. “Last time we talked about this we were all talking and not listening and we got dragged into too many complicated things” he stated “I saw Steve reading the draft, but it didn’t occur to me that he was objecting for other reasons besides his stubbornness and then we never got to have a second conversation until it was too late. Well, we’re going to start having that conversation right now. You and me Sam.”
He meant it as a joke but Bucky answered: “I think Sam and Scott get pretty decent hours, but other than that not really.”
She found Peter much to her delight. He was sitting on a couch a platter of breakfast food on the coffee table surrounding a chess set. “Would you like some company?” Wanda asked.
Steve laughed. “And I’ve chosen you every damn day of my life. That’s not gonna change.”
“What have we said about jumping on the bed?”
Then she hung up. Bucky laughed. “Why would she want to meet me,” Peter questioned.
Tony cleared his throat. “The kid is a little excited,” he warned, “he made cookies and Rhodey helped I guess. If you want to rest before seeing everyone else that’s fine.”
Shit indeed. Sam composed himself. If he had known that Loki was a child he would have done things differently, but there was no time to dwell on that.
Tony snorted “and he got all that righteous fury from you. If I can get that stick out from your ass I think you have some snark to I think he could get that from both of us.”
“What else do you call a liar, trickster, and manipulator,” Loki answered without any humor.
A flash of red and blue yanked Steve out of his thoughts. He turned his head and saw a- person? Swinging around and doing flips.
The next day Sam watched Lo rush down the stairs in his favorite skirt and dark “Bucky Barnes” sweater and eyeliner the way Natasha had taught him to wear it. Natasha pulled him into the lighting and took a few pictures and had them sent to everyone.
“Well, whose fault is that,” Steve asked.
That she could do. He nodded and grabbed her below the knees and picked her up. “It’s ok,” he said as he started to walk the machines on his legs whirling softly, “you’re allowed to be upset.”
“Got ya,” Bucky answered, “and you have my number if you run into trouble on the way back?”
Loki was jolted awake by his own screams and jerks of pain. He jerked his arms up to fend against the body on top of him. Except his hands pushed against cool wood. Loki paused and opened his eyes. Where was he? Deep breath. This was Sam’s house which he lived in now. Sam wouldn’t hurt him. Loki rolled over until his head was out of the bunk and he could see the stars. Loki took in a deep breath, but his heart kept pounding. The fear was frozen in his veins. His body started to shake. “Asgard’s whore. You look so pretty for me laid out like this. Open your eyes, Honey. I want you to see this sweetheart. Want to make you feel good Baby.”
“I can,” Steve asked walking into the room his voice pleasantly surprised.
Sam knew that Bucky would be shipping out another letter tonight. It usually went something like this, Bucky would watch Steve write an angry letter to Tony and then Bucky would drag Sam to one of Wakanda’s fancy libraries to write an angrier letter and make Sam read it, which Sam usual agreeing with both and not wanting to upset Tony more wrote a quick note to Tony and then Bucky would drag Sam down to the post office so he could ship both letters, Steve’s, and Bucky and Sam’s to Tony, which Sam wasn’t sure if it was a good idea or not. They did it anyway, and really Bucky writing Tony letters was the most expressive he got and Steve was being honest, and Tony had missed that so maybe it was good for all of them. God Sam hoped it was good for all of them.
T’Challa and Bucky shrugged. “Legit as in there’s court documents and Steve wants to invite them over to Thanksgiving,” Bucky answered.
Peter stuck out his tongue. “You’re just jealous that he looks better in all the promotional photos and that he’s America’s Sweetheart/ former wanted criminal.”
“No,” Loki answered, “I want to claw my skin off.”
The man glared jerking his fist away and storming to the other side of the room. Tony pulled them both down onto the couch smoothed down his tie and pulled out his phone his aura suddenly calm and charming again. He leaned back and slung his arm around her shoulder. “Are you ok Kid?” He asked.
Ned broke down into hysterical laughter and Mj justed flipped Clint off. At noon after Sam brought in some sandwiches a screen popped up stating it was a call from Tony. Mj hit accept. “I think I should come back,” Tony announced.
The car stopped and the women climbed out. And the next thing Wanda was aware of was she was being introduced to two brunette women with sharp faces and kind eyes. The one she didn’t know was May Parker, Peter’s Aunt who felt fear for her nephew but not of her and Laura Barton who jumped to her feet when she saw Wanda and hugged the teen.
Loki took in a deep breath his green eyes calm and wide. “What happens to me now?”
“Yeah,” Drake agreed, “Lo said he’s never played Candy Land before!”
A week passed and Loki looked up from his work and saw the New York Temptress walk in a bundle of blankets in her arms. Janice got to her feet and greeted Mj who dropped her disinterested glare for a moment and handed the blankets over.
Scott gasped at the bear, before taking it and shaking Tony’s hand. “Thank you, Tony, for everything.”
Bucky eyed Tony and Sam pressed a hand against Bucky’s mouth. “Don’t start the teenage angst bullshit again,” Sam warned.
“If this doesn’t work out,” Steve promised, “we can leave Buck.”
An hour passes with his chem book and he’s already bored with it. Not that chemistry is boring. Chemistry is amazing, but he’s known this chemistry for years. High school textbooks were below his level and this one was about twenty years outdated. Even with the insanely STEM-based school, the textbooks sucked. Maybe he could steal a few more interesting chem books from Tony. Peter made a mental note to look around for that.
Sam didn’t argue that technically Loki wasn’t his kid, because in truth that was what he was. Sam didn’t ever expect Loki to call him anything like Dad, that might be weird, and besides, there was a lot of trauma attached to that for Loki. “We’ll come and visit soon,” Sam promised.
And like he hoped Loki perked up a little. “Okay,” he agreed.
Gideon got up and pulled Sam and Janie into his arms. Gideon’s eyes searched his and he suddenly tensed. “Rylie,” Sarah exclaimed beating their brother to the mark.
“Vis is traveling around Uganda right now,” Wanda added rolling her eyes, “I think it’s one of his favorite countries. And my Dads are cooking dinner I think.”
He leaned up against the wall and watched as F.R.I.D.A.Y pulled up the video against the other side of the wall. Peter watched Clint fumble around one of the kitchens trying to bake a cake. He was doing fine until he got distracted and the cake started to burn and he had no idea of the beeping because Duh he was deaf and was always turning his hearing aids off. Peter laughed.
She stuck her tongue out. Tony took a moment to look at her. She seemed so old now. Like she had grown up more while she had been away if that was possible. Their relationship was weird. Extremely painful in the beginning. Especially since she had blamed him for killing her parents, but she had also been brainwashed by Hydra so he didn’t really blame her. They got over that though. He figured if she got over that then he could get over Bucky. Besides that Tony had tried to be a parent like figure to Wanda, but she had been so grown already so used to surviving with only her brother that any attempts felt awkward. He had tried protecting her in all the wrong ways. It was why he had pushed Peter away without Steve around to help.
“A lot,” Peter asked.
Pepper beamed. “He’s going to come to the tower four days of the school week one day he’ll work with me and the other three Tony is going to be with him and on Friday Happy is going to drive him to the compound after school and every other Saturday. It’ll be great for training and getting to know the others.”
Apparently, Bucky had the best angst game, Tony made a mental note of that. “Why,” Tony asked.
“Would you consider a patient?”
“Point him out to me,” Loki demanded.
He dropped the stack of papers in front of Tony. Tony looked at the stack. “Is this... Is this the accords?”
“As crazy as it sounds he’s telling the truth,” Bruce admitted stepping up beside Thor, “hi Steve.”
Loki grunted when he stopped and stood there replaying it again and again. Then he did it again and again until Natasha returned. She glanced at the screen and then popped the move the same time he did. Loki smiled from ear at her. She smiled gently. “Come, look at your room,” she encouraged, “you can decorate it more later.”
“Loki is Jotumin, not Asgardian,” Sam remedied them.
Steve didn't sound that upset or instant, but Bucky sighed anyways. He watched Tony through his lashes like he knew how Tony was affected by the way Steve was acting. “Wait until Steve relaxes. He’s worse than I am.”
Loki felt his body file from the couch and against the wall. He landed on the ground and rolled to his feet. “Sorcerer,” he answered peeling back his lips in a snarl.
“No, it doesn’t,” Bucky challenged.
Steve felt a little sick. “How long have we been dating,” he asked.
Bucky: What are those?
“Witches have a smell,” Wanda asked.
Loki took in a deep breath. Sam wanted to offer him comfort but knew that anything he did would make the demigod lose it. “I refused. The Chitauri took me under their control with the scepter. The scepter is not true mind control. The mind stone brings forward a person’s desires and then contorts them, from there one can bend the will of the controlled to do as you command. The stone brought forward my desire to be able to control situations and to lash out,” Loki continued.
Loki set his bag on the end table and started to tell Sam all about it. “Darcy and Jane and I watched scary movies last night, and Pepper took me to see the Legally Blonde musical with Peter.”
“I doubt we can get him to stop, but it looks like he is pretty content just keeping Queens safe,” Steve noted.
Natasha started making bacon for the pair of them and they settled into companionable silence with only the sound of smooth jazz to fill the room.
“No,” he repeated his eyebrows shooting up.
Tony lead Rodey to the lab and Pepper sat with the letters. She got them framed and they hung in Tony’s office.
Peter quickly read the letter.
“Do you write them back,” Peter asked.
“Hey Sam,” Tony asked after the second movie finished and they were all staring at the sleeping demigod, “why does Lo sleep so much? I don’t remember Thor doing that.”
He didn’t feel safe. He felt like clawing off his skin. Loki climbed out of the bed and put the book he had been reading away. Then he went down the stairs. A shower should do him some good. It would relieve the ache to remove his own skin.
When Loki finished Sam maneuvered then so they were sitting. Loki was tense and shaking, but he seemed starved for gentle touch. So Sam gave it to him.
“I’ll send what he had figured out over, but it’s barely a skeleton, Steve doesn’t know what Peter’s fully capable of so he couldn’t get a full schedule done,” Sam answered.
“Tony Stark,” he snapped whipping off his glasses and pointed at her, “don’t make me call the dean.”
She left after dinner. “I have a wine date with Pepper,” she announced, “I’ll see you boys in the morning.”
Bucky glanced up at the drawing and his lips drew up into a snarl. Steve laughed at him. Ok, so they were both in a mood today, not just Bucky. It was just Bucky was homicidal like this and Steve was an asshole.
Pepper’s face both hardened and softened and Bucky immediately understood why Natalia loved this women. “Peter’s Aunt is his legal guardian and while I’m sure by now everyone loves Peter no one is actually getting custody of him. What has happened was a series of unfortunate events caused by long-standing trauma and tension. There is fault to blame on all sides and I will say my piece proper once you all come home. Until then,” she smiled sweetly and Bucky really understood why Natalia loved her, “I still consider Steve my friend and I would hope he does the same.”
Wanda appeared holding a book and she chucked it at Strange’s feet. It flipped open and a scream filtered the room. Loki flinched watching his skin being peeled from his own bones. He closed his eyes and his magic jumped out at the book forcing it closed. Loki felt his body shaking. He whimpered. “Please no. Please. Please,” he begged unable to stop his mind getting hazy in the memory “please. I don’t know what I did!”
As he said that everyone relaxed. And Furry wasn’t wrong. He was just as much family as anyone here. Furry tended to pop in and out at will, but he tended to be at all the important things. He had hung around the tower and the compound, had made it to birthday parties and Avenger holidays, and get together Sundays. The problem was you could never get use to seeing Nick Furry and expect the world not to be ending.
Sam sighed. “That’s one way to put it,” he agreed, “can you really get a message to Thor?”
Sam stood from his spot on the couch, stepping closer to them. Not because Shuri needed protection, but because if Bucky managed to hurt her he would never forgive himself. “I’ve finished the updates for your arm,” she announced happily pulling at his flesh hand towards a chair.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Yeah like I said.”
Loki downcast his eyes. “Well by Midgardian biology I suppose not, but on Asgard, I would be,” he responded, “intergalactic laws function by age equivalents by species when visiting other planets.”
Loki gritted his teeth. “To be Asgard’s Whore.”
Lo: Look at my big eggplant.
Wanda didn’t bother to answer thinking. She did spend most nights here because she helped Laura with dinner unless it was Wednesday night which was when she went out to dinner with Rhodey or Friday Avengers and Family dinner night. And on those nights she usually fell asleep on Rhodey couch and ended up in the guest room by morning. Oh geez. “Wanda,” Laura persisted guiding her over to a seat and brushing her hair away from her face.
“Natalia said she’s going to introduce me to Twitter tonight,” Bucky reminded Steve.
“Alright then,” Tony stated as Steve drew Bucky into his arms.
Sam rolled his eyes. “They’re going to come into the house covered in paint,” Steve muttered watching Bucky and Clint shot at each other.
“Oh,” Loki answered, “is that why Mrs. Potts said you are going into television today?”
He didn’t answer so Tony peaked in. Little strange contraptions. His eye was caught by a rubix cube sitting at the bottom. “Are these supposed to be puzzles?”
Tony gave them both a baffled look. “We went to get Thai?”
“I know Nat,” Sam answered.
“Rylie,” Loki confirmed.
“Shit,” Scott screamed from the roof frustration heavy in his voice.
Natasha shrugged. “He’s settled down,” she pursed her lips, “he agreed to move here, but it’s got him tense.”
Loki kept his eyes downcast as he felt Thor approach. The larger man knelt beside him and gently tugged his chin up so they were eye to eye. “Brother what is the meaning of this,” Thor asked his voice soft.
So they were in Wakanda until Bucky completed the worst of his therapy.
“Are you talking about Dr. Strange? You’re right that guy is a dick,” Tony yelled.
Sam nodded. “We were sent to Vermont for a two-day leave,” Sam stated, “and we were there the day they started to officiate marriage certificates.”
“I’m glad you found the place alright,” Tony chirped, “Where have you been?”
“So what’s keeping you from going?”
Natasha drummed her fingers on her chair watching the entrance to the news set. The reporter walked onto the stage and shook hands with Sam and Rhodey before falling into conversation with the pair. Tony sipped his coffee looking around distractedly and texting Peter. Wanda walked in with Clint. “Oče,” Wanda whined reaching for his coffee.
“I’m not the helpful one,” Steve countered.
Janie’s jaw dropped. “But I looked at the records for that day and you weren’t on that list,” she protested.
She stepped towards Loki holding out her hand. “Hi. I’m Wanda.”
“Which one,” Rhodey asked gently.
“I do not understand why you use that and not astral projection,” Loki noted from off-screen.
Sam really wished that Peter would ease Loki into gay culture, but this needed to be addressed anyways. “Do you know what consent is?”
“M’kay Pop,” Peter muttered before drifting deeper into sleep.
“She’s out with Rhodey,” Natasha explained, “and while this whole ordeal has been funny you can’t tell me it’s healthy.”
“Sam we love you and accept you but there is no way I am looking at some random guy’s dick,” Alex yelled.
He grabbed his phone. He needed to fix it before it was too late. It rang as he picked it up. Happy.	Tony hit answer and he heard his security guard’s deep breath. “Tony. We have a problem,” he announced, “check the news.”
Steve flipped the channel rolling his eyes. “Jesus,” he muttered, “it’s like two guys can’t sleep in the same bed together and be queer anymore.”
Tony supposed that summed up Bucky to an extent. “I suppose it’s about expression,” Bucky added, “I wasn’t allowed to be anything that I was and now I can, and it helps me to remember that if I can show other people. That I’m real and I’m a person.”
Sam pulled up some of the paperwork he needed to do for the VA. He had tomorrow off as well then he had to go back to work. Natasha and Steve were going to watch Loki. Bucky said he would help Loki start a garden if he wanted. Sam suspected that Bucky might spend the day teaching Loki some dances of his age. Maybe.
“Home is where the family is,” Bucky said before Tony could ask, “and the whole family isn’t here.”
“Remind me to make sure Ned gets into MIT with you,” Tony muttered.
Steve rolled his eyes. Lilia looked over at him with her big ones. “Well, I’ve heard rumors that he’s a really good artist. Though he’s never shown me anything. How about you go get the art kit and bully him into doing art with you.”
Tony locked his jaw and nodded to Sam. “Thank you,” Sam soothed and nodded his head to get the others to leave.
“Are you here to look at the apparent for rent?” A male voice asked Steve.
Sam and Natasha laughed as Peter sunk off the stool. “I’m just gonna pass out,” he whined.
Loki nodded. “Witches, Mages, Warlocks, Wizards, tempters, and sorcerer, and a few other smaller practices. Witches, tempters. And sorcerers are the oldest. Most sorcerers have no natural talent or magic but achieve their power through study.  However, the ones who have natural talent can enchant objects and create new devices and adjust the spells that they use. It’s closer to science than any other.”
Sorry, Tony, I tried to get him to stop, but he’s a whirlwind. You’re going to love him one day I promise. Here’s a list of counselors I recommend I know their not your favorite thing but we all need a little help.
Loki allowed himself to flinch. Allowed himself to be a scared little thing trembling at the power before him. He didn’t speak. “Loki. Please. You don’t look well like that. Get up. Please.”
Loki pried his eyes open. Sam was crouching down in front of him. Loki flinched banging his head against the cupboard. Loki bit his lip. “I’m going to back up now,” Sam announced and took a few steps back.
“That is so unfair,” Jul complained, “you came out to me first. I should be your favorite!”
Wanda rolled her eyes. “Great,” she answered.
Tony grumbled but drifted off to sleep anyways. Ever since he had started therapy and gotten some medication for ADHD it had been a lot easier to get some decent sleep. Which was a blessing for everyone.
“That it doesn’t help anyone,” Peter mumbled, “but it’s true!”
Sam went out to find her. She was standing on the bottom of a fire pole. Sam rubbed the back of his neck wondering how he had forgotten. Though in his defense he never went into either part of this house anyway. “Tony has an acquired sense of humor. This way.”
“Maybe I do,” Loki answered with a laugh and Thor offered him a smile taking a seat on a bench looking up at Loki from where he sat on a flower bed’s stone wall.
Scott was still babbling, but Tony only started to pay attention as soon as Wanda came out of his lips. “Wanda is getting all teenage angst like Bucky.”
Steve looked around and locked his jaw. “I’m not leaving Bucky alone.”
Tony shrugged. “Really,” Rhodey pressed.
“Well you can just send him over anyway,” Tony informed her, “it’s not like people don’t live there. I’ll have F.R.I.D.A.Y shut down the lab until I get back so he can’t get in trouble.”
Clint rolled his eyes, but not discreetly. “How are all of you today?”
Sam watched Loki lean forward and Sam recognized the battle stance. He was moving toward Loki before his own panic could reach him. “I’m okay Lo,” he assured the boy.
To say that Wanda is surprised when there’s a knock on her door is an understatement. And it’s another understatement to say that she’s surprised when she sees it’s Rhodey. He looks at her with clear and calm eyes despite the tears trickling down her face. “Tony and Pepper won’t watch trash reality TV with me,” he complained, “and it’s the season start of The Real Housewives of New Jersey. Do you want to watch it with me?”
Tony nodded his agreement. “Yeah and he’s having a slumber party at my tower in twenty-four hours,” he complained with a smile, “he has good friends.”
“And Thor said the spell prevents him from doing so,” Sam argued, “watch us through F.R.I.D.A.Y. You’ll see if anything happens.”
“Language,” Tony corrected.
He blushed slightly. T’Challa laughed. “How could she say no?”
Loki drifted off to sleep still clutching his hand. But Sam didn’t care.
Loki listened patiently as the House Temptress explain what had happened. “They were made from the Mind Stone,” Loki noted and then paled, but sat perfectly still as Natasha braided his hair “how Wanda alive? Trying to do something like that should have killed them.”
Wanda offered him Nathaniel who Fury cooed at the baby taking him, but his eyes stayed on Wanda. “Don’t be afraid to give your old man some trouble. He deserves it,” Fury decided finally.
Clint raised an eyebrow at him. “Which way do you want me to tell it?”
“Furry assigned Natasha to you with the hope that you would adopt her into your heart and that she would do the same. Did that not occur?”
Loki laughed, “you shouldn’t be here,” he told him.
“Are you really going to tell me you aren’t in a relationship when some guy is sexting you?”
Because Loki thought words were important, and while he wasn’t really trying to manipulate anyone, as a silver tongue those things mattered to him. “Do you want to go,” Sam asked.
Sam: Yeah, but aren’t you with my kid?
Hi Aoyun” Bucky greeted, “Steve and I wanted to say hi.”
Do you remember that night when you first kissed me? I don’t really think you do and I wish more than anything I could forget it. I told you what I would do for Bucky what I had done, and that didn’t seem to cross your mind. If Pepper was torture for seventy years then framed for a crime she didn’t commit and have a death squad sent after her you would have done the same fucking thing I did.
Wanda still wasn’t sure about that. “One of us can go over first,” he told her softly coming to sit by her side, “you don’t have to go.”
She sighed again. “If Thor knew I will kill him,” she spat.
Steve leaned forward and pressed the play button on a school video. There was Peter Parker stumbling over a chair. “Peter be careful,” the person behind the camera whined.
Loki raised an eyebrow at him seemingly unimpressed. “Look at you happy that a murder isn’t acting mute.”
because he wasn’t satisfied with lies and half-truths. Rylie would have fought this tooth and nail from the beginning and Sam had let it passively happen. And of course, his family had put every effort they could into fixing it. Because that’s what they did.
Tony smiled this time. “Good,” he exclaimed, “he’s the best Steve. He comes to the tower after school, and he stays the weekends, and Pepper loves him, and Rhodey spoils him more than I do, but his driving Steve I swear it’s atrocious.”
“We’re not sure yet,” Rhodey answered, “we’ve been easing ourselves back into each other’s lives. It’s going to take a while before we’re a unit again. With Steve and Bucky home we’re ready to figure it all out.”
“Loki you can leave if you want,” Sam told the man.
Loki shrugged, “it is an important holiday and you will disappoint your Mother if you don’t go.”
Sam glared as Natasha glanced over at Tony. “Don’t worry Sam you're not the worst at Russian now, Tony is.”
Tony seemed to calm a little. “No, that still doesn’t explain anything.”
“Sam you went from a black Christian Neighborhood straight to the army. How are you supposed to tell anyone? You’re so brave for telling me now. Your dad would be so proud.”
It was said with a sense of self and identity, with bitterness and rage. “Which is,” Odin demanded.
He obediently wrapped an arm around her shoulder. Tony squeaked and fumbled to get the roses and the vodka off from the ground. He held them out like a crucifixion.
Cho ran her hand over the boy’s forehead. “Let’s get him to my lab,” she ordered, “I need to take a scan on his biological components. I don’t want to try anything until I have a better grasp of what’s going on.”
Shuri shrugged, “something about letters. I don’t know I put them on hold and called you.”
And that made it better.
“We’re going to go get the stuff we ordered,” Darcy announced with a wink.
“Ok,” Peter agreed bouncing on his toes knowing he had somehow convinced Tony to do what no one else had.
Loki flinched and Sam glared at Alex. “Alex why are you an idiot? I’m not dating him. I’m his guardian.”
“Queen,” Spiderman answered holding struggling to hold the shuttle.
“Why not?”
Loki placed a quilting spell on his feet and let them dance across the room for one last time. He would not be dancing freely again. Could not dance freely again. If Thor learned about his dance then he might twist it into something dark.
Bucky shrugged. “Where Steve goes I go.”
“Don’t you?” Scott asked and then immediately backtracked “I mean of course I don’t mind-I-we-thought-you.”
Peter kept talking but his voice slowly trailed off. Pepper furiously whipped tears from her eyes and pulled Peter into a hug. “Did I just call you Mom,” he squeaked.
Laura laughed and leaned forward to hug the young woman. “We’re glad you're here,” she answered, “now how about I show you Grandma Barton’s chili’s recipe?”
The point is take care of your kid before Rodgers decides to come out of hiding and do it himself. That’s going to be a worse fight than your break up.
Then Sam walked in followed by Clint. “Seven years bad luck,” he yelled, “a black cat is running loose in the ranch house!”
Only when Bruce at looked at him with fear in his eyes as he had finally given up of trying to break Tony out of a science binge after an hour of trying. “Not really.”
Shuri shrugs like it’s not a big deal. “Oh,” she said, “Miss. Potts and the Iron Patriot are calling.”
“Great,” Sam agreed, “I’ll let Bucky Give you the tour then.”
Peter screamed bolting up-right and waving his hands frantically. Pepper in the background smile and the camera shook before the video stopped.
As Bucky returned to his chair the tv popped up with Shuri’s face and she giggled. “That was the gayest thing I have ever seen,” she exclaimed excitedly.
Sam: Wow, did you win the contest then?
Wanda sighed. “Good,” she answered, “it’s all very tiring.”
“Did she get a bigger job,” Chase questioned.
The rest of the Avengers groaned as Steve and Bucky took him deeper and deeper into their little void. But it was entertaining and easier than the conversations previously. “Let me tell you,” Clint explained with a laugh as they talked about the look-alike contest they had at the bar “you don’t look like yourself.”
Loki walked over to stand by Sam. “I suppose I’m not easy to kill,” he answered with a shrug.
Sam sighed. “Let me put him into bed and then we’ll talk,” Sam told Jane.
Steve smiled. “Clint tells this one well.”
He came back out in sweatpants and a purple sweater. “No,” Shuri and Sam yelled at the same time pouring back the room.
“I wanted to know if he was a dick or if he just upset Wanda by accident. Apparently not. We can keep doing interviews with him,” Bucky announced and gave the man a look.
“Hi,” the scientist answered shuffling some more.
“Stark said you’d say that. He also said go for your legs,” Peter cheered shorting our his webs.
Steve: Bucky has him. I tuned them out when they started arguing about eggplants. I’ve been hanging out with Peter too much.
Loki nodded and left with Natasha. “I like her,” his mother announced, “are you dating?”
Steve nodded and took the sleeping boy. Tony leaned against the wall across from Loki. Tony seemed conflicted about something. “Peter is the person you die and kill for,” Loki answered.
“But you built this place and made yourself part of the community here,” Tony sputtered.
“Thor!”
“Thor’s like a kitten, but muscly. A really buff kitten,” Darcy declared.
Then Loki went over to the bookshelf and started looking through the books. He danced his way down the line and his magic suddenly brought him up like steps. Loki ended up pulling a rather large book out and plopped down on top of the bookshelf.
He shook Bruce’s hand. “Stevie! Are they in here? It's so convenient that they forgot to mention Girl Scout Cookies are still around.”
The pair left. Sam and Loki put the cactus on the window sill. “I’m heading out to,” Natasha announced walking in.
“Clint almost burned down the kitchen again on Wednesday,” F.R.I.D.A.Y answered.
He poured himself a shot and took it. “You got the good stuff for Nat right,” he asked as soon as he put the glass down.
“You’re Tony’s son hence my Nephew,” Rhodey answered and plopped the gift bag into his lap sitting next to him on the couch.
“Is he bringing Wanda,” Sam questioned.
Vision relaxed. “Thank you.”
“Peter,” Rhodey exclaimed spotting the mess of brown hair, “there is my favorite Nephew!”
So Peter stumbled out of the car with his backpack and she gave him a tight-lipped smile. “Hi Mrs. Black Widow,” Peter exclaimed, “thanks for making sure I don’t die this week!”
He squished Steve in his large arms and Steve hugged him back bewildered. “What new Light is in your eyes?”
“I didn’t realize the emotion that could be added by changing the angle at which the viewer sees the actor,” Loki admitted softly.
Steve tucked his nose in between Bucky’s shoulder and they both drifted off to sleep.
Sam took in a deep breath. Tony stared at the scene. Bruce walked halfway in and froze. “I’m getting Nat,” he exclaimed.
Natasha looked between the two men, what were they planning? This was their I’m planning shit act. “So what are these plans,” the interviewer pressed, “will you continue to work for S.H.E.I.L.D?”
Sam felt a tremor go down his spine. Loki was not evil, he was not bad in any way, but Bruce was right. He was deviant. He needed mischief, even if he didn’t intend to cause harm. Sam wasn’t sure if that had been Loki’s true nature or the survival instincts that Loki adopted to save himself. Sam did know that if Loki didn’t have enough attention or stimuli things did not end well.
“You’ll find that free wills kind of important here.”
“I think he’s worse off than Bucky,” Sam confessed.
Rylie has thought the same thing. Had wanted the same thing, but they hadn’t dreamed of adoption. They were barley married. “That sounds great,” Sam agreed.
Yes, Steve was still looking for Bucky. “No,” Steve admitted and didn’t correct him about the boyfriend thing because it was kind of true, “he was long gone before we got there.”
Tony rubbed her arms. “Of course you should have been here,” he answered, “if-if Steve was here you’d still be Peter’s Mom. Peter would just have a third parent.”
Loki nodded and took his backpack from Natasha and went outside. Natasha slunk her way under Sam’s arm and pulled him into a hug. “Today will go well,” she stated more to assure herself than him.
Steve blinked a few times. “Why are you here,” he asked his voice broken and breathless.
“So did you,” Wanda yelled as Bucky ducked out of the way of a straw wrapper, “and who did the three of you come to when you got confused. Right me.”
“Got our ride set up,” Steve told Bucky.
Loki went back to reading until Bucky drew his attention again. “Alright let's look at this mess huh,” Bucky suggested.
“South America might be fun” Steve speculated.
Peter looked confused before a moment before he gasped. “What! Not like that gross. I read one of his old time war letters to Bucky and realized that two dudes can love each other. Geez.”
Sam knew Loki had come home the second he arrived. It had him moving out the door before he could explain himself. The fact that Loki was in the body of a large Hispanic man didn’t detour Sam one bit. He knew his kid. And Natasha did too. They had Loki in their arms at the same time and Loki shifted down to the child they had come to know him as.
Peter tapped his chemistry book and watched Clint throw together a-fifth sandwich because according to him Wanda was always too skinny. Frankly, the last few weeks had been hilarious because Peter saw what had happened to him happening to Wanda.
Tony started to make a list about the things he knew about Steve Rogers because he was a genius and this was how genius learned to deal with people obviously.
“My Mom will understand,” Sam assured him.
“Nick,” Clint stated, “it’s not any different from what happened to me.”
“Witches smell like sage and yellow weed,” Loki informed her, “and you don’t.”
None of the other Avengers knew what the pair was doing, despite Natasha's pestering, until a picture popped up on Twitter again.
Natasha got Peter into the bathroom before he got sick again this time managing to get it into the toilet. He whined softly. “I know Baby,” Natasha sooth watching the bath filled with water.
He stepped down the steps and threw an arm around Bucky. “Hey Stark,” he greeted.
“What do you think,” Sam asked.
Chase opened the door and lead Steve in. “So what’s bringing you to Queens,” Chase inquired.
Sam paused and then walked over to the nightstand and pulled the photo off it. He knelt by the bed and let Loki look at the picture. “Umm,” he hummed and took in a deep breath, “do you remember when I told you about my friend who died in Afghanistan while we were serving?”
Tony drove for a while and they talk about nothing in particular. When they get arrived they were greeted to the sight of a small little house and a white picket fence. “Fuck you Stark,” Steve announced while Bucky’s breath hitched.
Loki shook as Sam picked up the glass and bowl. “Still hungry,” he asked filling up the water again.
“Whatever Lo needs when he wakes up,” Sam answered his shoulders tensing as he leaned back.
Loki looked down at his outfit as if considering it. He said nothing, however. Like Sam promised they watched West Side Story and Hair Spray which Loki took great delight in. Not only because it was theater
Loki hadn’t moved since the two came in but at Peter’s distress he spoke up. “Do not fear what Temptors know. It only means you are apart of them.”
The winter soldier wasn’t in Bucky’s brain anymore, the triggers were gone, he couldn’t be turned into that anymore, Shuri and Wanda made sure of it, but there was still something dark lurking inside him, a completion of the effects of torture and brainwashing.
“Why start here?”
“Darcy,” Jane exclaimed releasing Loki and swatting at the other women.
Bucky laughed. “Come here Punk,” Bucky purred.
Eventually, they pulled back and Steve was blushing. “God that was hot,” Tony breathed, “though you don’t taste like Doritos.”
Loki drummed his fingers against the stone then his fingers danced over his wrist, empty of chains but still feeling them. “I want to know why you did that to me,” Loki announced and then gulped, “I don’t understand. I was being
Loki nodded and Steve entered the room s Sam left it. Need help finishing” he asked.
Shuri ignored him. “We’re good. I’ll call you later,” Bucky answered.
Thor removed the muzzle. Loki grounded his teeth and watched Tony Stark pace back and forth angrily. Right, Tony Stark. He looked different now. So did Agent Romanoff. The black man was new. And one of the bulky men had been Captain America. Loki remembered what he had learned from Clint.
Steve whined pulling away from Bucky and got to his feet. He blushed. “Hi, Tony,” he flustered.
Three days later Loki sat in his garden alive now despite the winter. Now that his magic was released he used it to put himself at ease. In this case that meant making his garden grow in the winter much to Bucky’s frustration, because Magic was cheating. Thor joined him looking at what his brother had created. Natasha watched from a polite distance.
Loki sighed. “Ok,” he agreed.
Loki did not bother to respond. Thor sighed said goodbye to the people in the room and walked out the door. “Hey Bruce,” Natasha greeted.
Loki shrugged “Jane is important. Tempters don’t often get attached to people, but it happens.”
“Two,” he answered cautiously.
Finally, evening came and everyone sat at the table to eat leftovers. Janie’s eyes flickered up and down the table and when Moma asked if anyone wanted to say anything. Thanksgiving in the Wilson household was a time for sharing and confessing. Janie locked her jaw. “I have a girlfriend,” she announced her voice firm and steady, “I’m bisexual”
“No,” Wanda protested perhaps too quickly, there was no way she could be alone right now, “I would love to meet Peter and see Pepper and Rhodey.”
Natasha caressed his cheek. “A minute Sam,” she requested.
Loki shuttered and shoved the memory away. But the feelings still lingered. Earth’s stars shined down at him. All of that had happened up in the galaxy. He was on Earth, and while the people he was with were flawed they were supposed to be
Tony wanted to say he had never hated them, but inside his rage and depression and hopelessness, he had.
Sam: DAT ASS THOU
Tony laughed. “Why wouldn’t she?”
Loki felt his breath hitch. He hated that. Hated when his captors acted kind and then took him places to be tortured afterward. Still, Loki obeyed and followed Sam away. They left the house. Loki blinked at the light. It was a lovely place. Sam lead him into a garden and sat on a bench. “Tony built this part because I told him that meditation garden helps with psychological healing. I’m going to sit here for a while. You can walk around if you want.”
Tony started to say technical terms. Shuri looked at him compressively. “I’ll give oh whatever you want.” Tony offered.
Steve groaned. “Your ass does not need Twitter.”
Peter spun in a full circle pulling at his hair. The couple watched him for a moment waiting for Peter to calm down. When he finally stopped spinning he looked at Tony. “Is that okay?
He leaned around the other man to place a kiss on his lips. Steve leaned into the kiss and Bucky pulled away ruffling the other man’s hair. Steve made a whining sound and reached for the coffee before Bucky disappeared.
She laughed, “it was my pleasure. He’s charming.”
Loki cleared out his throat. “Sleipnir,” Loki croaked, “my son.”
Natasha tapped her nails on the bar. “Yes. We will be having a talk about my Baby Spider,” she announced, “But later. Bucky will walk you back to your plane.”
Steve: Shut up. That’s not what happened at all.
“If Steve wanted a millionaire genius he would have dated Howard,” Bucky laughed, “and Howard did try his damnedest. Nah Steve must like you for your wit and big heart. Though I haven’t seen any wit yet.”
“You made a lot of pointed claims during your time here,” Fury pointed out.
Steve abounded his seat on the couch and walked over to Sam. They hugged. Steve was a freakishly tackle person and Sam didn’t mind. “Good to see you” Steve answered a large smile blooming across his face.
“Nooo,” Tony whined and followed him.
Shuri glanced back at Bucky and lifted her chin. “He knows how gay that was.”
“A blanket,” Peter answered pulling it tighter over his shoulders.
He left and Bucky continued to show him around. After a couple of minutes, Bucky noticed that Tony looked a little overwhelmed. Bucky pulled him into a sensory chamber.
Did Thor not know that Loki had had children? Probably not. Jesus. “I’m going to use Tony’s credit cards to start ordering books and other stuff,” Jane announced before pulling Darcy away, “you can start moving everything up here!”
“How is it keeping you here,” Sam asked.
“Traitor,” Bucky grumbled, but he ruffled Loki’s hair so Loki knew it was okay.
“It’s ok,” Tony answered waving his hands.
Bucky squawked. “You and Tony should have a nice little talk. Steve won’t relax until you do.”
Both men stared at him. “You have a kid,” Dax stated, “damn Sam. How did that happen?”
He told Frigga and Asgard that he found me abandoned in a temple. The truth was that my father Laufey told my mother who was a temple priestess to take me and hide. Odin found us anyway, killing the priestess and taking me with him. The defenseless child he found was small because priests are not warriors and ceremonies are made for the sleek and small not the brutish, and he grew smaller because Asgardian meats are poison to frost giants. Believe it or not, they are vegetarians,” Loki laughed with a sob.
Vision caught her as she fell. Loki felt himself stumble and Sam grabbed him helping him keep on his feet.
“What’s the point of a secret identity if everyone knows it,” Peter whined, “next thing you know all the villains are going to know it too.”
“Biologically? No,” Sam answered, “but I get the confusion.”
Bucky sighed and Sam removed his hand. “You’re so whipped,” Tony noted as they walked up the stairs.
Natasha assessed Thor who was the picture of panic and frustration, but she waited until Sam had taken Loki back into the house. “I came as soon as I received your message,” Thor added, “my friends what is going on?”
Sam shrugged. “Maybe,” he agreed, “maybe not.”
None of them let go. “Let’s get you home,” Sam tugged Loki down the road, “thank you Mj.”
Loki looked at Sam his eyes dancing with confusion. “But how do they defend themselves?”
He always said he would come back, but then it was fifty years later when he was supposed to be gone for only twenty-five. Thor kisses the top of his head. “I love you brother.”
“My mother found out that I had a kid in my house and Loki said he shifted so not to alarm her and that was the form his magic chose.”
“I do not want pity.” Loki spat.
“I’m Iron Man!”
“Don’t be sorry,” Clint told her firmly “you know I thought you and I would work up to this point one day. I just didn’t expect to be co-dading with Rhodey, but it’s good.”
He set the picture down and opened the drawer. He stared at their mismatched rings for a moment then he closed the drawer and went to start his day.
He brushed her hair away from her face. “Do it Hel.”
Bucky laughed batting the paper away. Loki watched the interaction fascinated. He had never seen two warriors act like this. They were on completely even ground both physically, emotionally, and throughout their relationship. Most times they acted more like separate pieces of one person than two separate people. Sam had been right Steve and Bucky weren’t a danger to each other. Sam kept his promises and told him the truth.
Clint’s voice trailed off as they stared at Loki who had walked in the moment Clint had said Present. What was worse was that Loki had sunk to his knees spreading his thighs as far as they would go with his shoulders angled back and his head inching towards the ground. He had his arms clasped behind his back and it wasn’t hard to hear him hyperventilating.
Sam turned his head towards Bucky’s shout. “Coming asshole,” he answered taking Loki’s original plate with him.
Dr. Strange didn’t look impressed. “I came because he is unconscious and dying. I can tell Stark how to heal him.”
“Something about how she doesn’t want to be queen or something,” Bucky answered the previous question, “goddamn straight people can’t get their ducking act together.”
in-laws
“Ha! I can have more,” Clint exclaimed.
Steve nodded. “Ok. Lead the way Cap.”
I hope your mother cries. Yes that made sense.
“I did,” Loki whispered, “but everyone who I love suffers horrible deaths.”
Furry was silent for a moment before nodding. “Just make sure the public doesn’t know he’s here,” he ordered.
“Duh. It is already on your hard drive,” she answered.
Loki said nothing. “Who are you.”
Well, regards,
“Hey Jane,” Bruce asked, “could it be some kind of Asgardian ADHD or something of the sort?”
“Not helping,” Bucky groaned.
“Flippity Flap,” Peter exclaimed bouncing up and down.
“Kids have always loved him and he’s always loved them,” Steve answered, “but we don’t really want to get a,” Steve thought for the word, “a surrogate. We don’t need to bring someone into the world when we could help someone.”
Thor laughed sitting at the opposite end of the room. “How are you brother,” Thor asked.
The dancing seemed to relax Loki more than anything ever and he freely hummed dancing around the kitchen helping to cook lunch. He chatted softly asking Natasha about Midgardian ballet and wondering if Tony had any books about dance in his library. It was good to see him so relaxed and open.
“The guards came to our home and escorted us,” she replied.
Wanda blinked in surprise. “He actually does have a story book,” Natasha put in, “a big old list of all the stupid shit we’ve done, that nearly killed him.”
Wanda felt a warm hand grasp her shoulder and she turned to look. Rhodey was there. “Hey,” he greeted softly, “let’s get in the car ok?”
Sam shrugged. “Sure,” he agreed, “Steve and I talked about it a little.”
The young god stared at Sam. “I do not understand what is happening.”
The bed was a giant pit in the ground that could be covered to make more floor room. There was also a fluffy set of bunk beds nestled in the back of the room framed by bookcases. There was a desktop computer area which Tony hung a “For Old People” sign above. The open floor plan and the closet space was nice and it had dressers built into the walls and weird cupboard space that could store amazingly a lot. Plus there was a fridge. “It’s perfect,” Jane repeated, “whenever Thor could he always liked to talk about Loki. Loki loves stars, he loves history and language and learning cultures. You should get him books on culture, and games of wit. Loki likes theater more than anyone has ever had any right to. Avoids horses.”
Loki smiled. “I appreciate that. I’m going to stay here,” Loki informed him, “I have school tomorrow.”
And of course Tumblr was broken and Reddit for that matter. The press was having a field day and Steve had fourteen texts from Pepper about the whole press disaster. Steve found the remote to the tv and they turned it on snuggling in bed.
