Castiel and Dean exchanged looks and split up, running along either side of the clearing to get behind their attackers.
“I’m going,” Castiel said bluntly, snatching his warm water bottle from the ground. “I’ll text you when the show is over.”
“It’s…”
What a relief. Jamie’s hands loosened a bit on her set of keys where she kept her bear spray. If that was true, the thing didn’t sound like a rapist. And she was certainly wasn’t giving
Cas shifted against his neck, resting his chin on the wet patch he’d made on his shirt. After a few shuddering breath that rattled out of his trembling lips, Cas whispered tightly, “I can’t look at her every day. I can’t let her touch me like that every day, twice a day. I-I can’t. I hate her. I
“You’re an angry sleeper. Like a bear,” Castiel murmured fondly, running his finger down her tiny nose.
and you just threw it across the room. Cool.”
Maybe they were still in the Empty. Time and space hovered in the air around then, suspended.
“Of course.”
The words were written across the wall in blood, big, mad, and dripping, scarlett dribbles coagulating into the stained, yellowing wallpaper above their beds.
“Dean--”
Ignoring Sam, Charlie jutted her hand towards Dean to shake it. “Deal.”
“I don’t understand,” he kissed against her lips, curling his face away, their cheekbones pressed together, the tips of their noses nuzzling.
Cas nodded, her eyes taking on a darker quality. She looked ready to stab a bitch. “Yes. I, stupidly, told her I was alone when I spoke to her on the phone.”
Cas scowled. “That’s not what I mean. She’ll be watching, and testing the sample herself. That’s what she said.”
, he’s to serve The Facility, do you understand?”
“Sorry, Hannah,” he murmured, only feeling half-sorry. Out of all the guards, she was the least aggressive. She was mean like the rest of them, but her insults definitely lacked bite.
Castiel blinked, looking puzzled. “You…you want to actually
“Sam is the important one, and you’d do best to remember that. You were raised for a purpose, but that has so far proven to be ‘a bust’, as you’d no doubt call it. Castiel received orders to save your sorry ass, but as far as I’m concerned, you’re already saved and I see no further purpose for you here.”
With his heart breaking, the earth shaking, and his breaths coming out in terrible panting, he dropped to his knees and dipped the gold goblet into shimmering, warm blood.
They fell into silence again, staring at the different pictures. Then, Castiel cleared his throat and asked, “You were visiting your father today. How is he doing?”
It was an ad for the pill Dean’d been scoping out in aisle four. In the ad, a smiling man was holding up the same white and red box. He wore a fake grin like ladies in yogurt or tampon commercials and was surrounded by equally fake-grinning friends in a picturesque picnic scene, looking happy as a pig in shit because of whatever that weird pill was supposed to have done to him.
He went where no one would really think to look for him, not even Sam.
His heart, which had pounded steadily if a bit quickly before, was slamming into his chest cavity like it was going to escape, and his left arm, which was pincered in Lilith’s grip, was starting to hurt. A radiating pain started in his chest and moved down his arm.
“I know. I’m...kinda nervous, too,” Dean admitted. His hands rubbed gently over Cas’ lower back. “But I got you, okay? And this isn’t the dairy farm. If something hurts, it stops, okay?”
“Or before the investor gets there,” Ash added, slurring drunkenly. “Maybe the investor doesn’t like sloppy seconds.”
“Shut the fuck up, Sam.”
It felt like every minute of every day, Dean wanted to tell his father that he’d never bring a girl for him to meet. He wanted so desperately to tell him the truth, to tell him about who he really was...but John would disown him. His dad was the only person who could truly break him into a million fucking pieces. Dean could handle rejection from other people, at least, but he wouldn’t be able to recover if his dad told him to walk out the door and never come back.
John didn’t say anything. He just stared, his lips pressed together tightly.
The second he was in, the moment Dean’s ass tightened around the tip of his dick, Castiel froze. Under his forehead, Dean’s back tensed up and he heard him hiss.
Sighing, Castiel rested his elbows on the table and crossed his arms. With a scowl, he replied, “She’s a very positive person, Naomi. Hannah sees the good in people, even people who are hard to deal with—”
Dean watched, momentarily forgetting about his food. For all the grudges he still kind of harboured against his dad, that shit was heartwarming. It was all he’d wanted for his entire life.  Dean found himself watching his parents get along—alive and safe—with a goofy smile on his face.
“There,” Castiel finally exhaled, his eyes rolling a bit before they closed. “There. Touch me there.”
“Um, about your sister. That’s terrible, Ms. Tathum,” Sam said softly, giving her shoulder a squeeze. “We really appreciate you talking to us about it, though. We understand it’s difficult to discusst, but we’re working to find out who murdered your sister.”
“You’re okay,” he whispered firmly, giving Dean’s forearm a squeeze, watching a tear drip down onto the mattress from where it had been clinging to Dean’s lashes. “You’re safe, and nothing bad happened.”
“I’m certain outgoing calls are working, Dean. Maybe not for civilians, but certain for governments. And if you’re in a government facility—”
Sam’s knees buckled as he was let go, his stomach slightly upset from the high velocity flying through time and space. He reached out and thankfully found a wall to lean on. “Ugh,” he groaned, blinking hard.
“Shut the fuck up, Winchester,” Hannah called out boredly, adjusting her gun across her waist.
Looking around for
She turned to him, her trenchcoat and curtain of long brown hair spinning and settling around her. Her gaze—which was a ridiculously intense blue—stayed fixed on his face, and it took a lot of willpower to hold the stare.
He wished he could’ve held her.
say that,” he grumbled.
Dean and Sam jumped a foot in the air when behind them there was a gasp and a crash. The boys reached for their guns and spun in a panic, but their movements were aborted as quickly as they started.
“I guess the rumors are true,” Dean said, sounding deceptively calm, his voice tinged with amusement. “Look at those eyes and that full head of hair; that baby is definitely yours.”
“I have those too,” Castiel replied, reaching up to pull his hands away from her head.
“Don’t matter,” Dean said gruffly, inhaling the smell of Cas—lemons, cinnamon, rain, lightning—and was suddenly hit with a brick wall of emotions. His chin trembled and he whispered, “Don’t matter, I’m here now. S’all that matters.”
He slid back into the car, slamming the door behind him. “No dice here. This one went on about the ribs, too. Any luck with hotels?”
Cas pulled back from their kiss, her eyes wide, her gaze darting from one of his eyes to the other. They breathed together, their breaths hot and heavy, and then when he brushed his thumb over the hard bud again, Cas sucked in a breath like she was surprised. For all he knew, she probably was. Her hand gripped his shoulder tightly and her fingers on his waist fisted his shirt tightly.
Cas stared at him, her mouth pursed like just looking at him annoyed her, but then she turned and looked at Sam instead, the lines around her eyes softening.
“I...think so, Jimmy. The mission isn’t done yet, I—”
“No,” Castiel replied, her shoulders slumping and her hands falling to her side. “I’m not.”
“What for?” Dean asked, his brows furrowing and eyes narrowing.
“You meet any girls to y-your taste at the festival, Dean?”
appreciate being criticised for my methods of punishment,
Sam and Jack came eventually. They found him standing in the library. He wasn't sure how he'd gotten there.
Cas, and kind and loved.”
over an affair with some stupid writer you just use for sex?” Cas’ eyes narrowed, but her glare didn’t dissuade Dean. He was inches too deep into her personal space before he came to a stop and whispered by her face, “You said it yourself; we can’t tell anyone, the duke can’t know. So, tell me, Cas; why would you talk to Hannah about this?
“Sure is, sunshine.” Dean tugged a handkerchief from his pocket. ”Leaving us alone, leaving Heaven.”
“Angels were here,” Sam whispered.
The talk with Castiel had given Dean a lot to think about now that he knew there was only one option for the cure to his addiction. But was it even a cure? Or would drinking angel blood just postpone his hunger for a little while?
At the same time, Castiel screamed, the noise filling the room. It wasn’t a war cry, or a roar of rage, it was pure agony, and Dean spun around in time to see Alastair straddling her and driving her second blade through her hand...to match the other. He had her two blades buried in her palms by her head, pinning her to the floor, and he had his bloody hands around her throat, laughing. “Ooooh, caught me a screamer,” Alastair simpered, his sing-song-voice just audible over Cas’ hitched gasp. “Such a pretty voice; sing me a song little birdie—”
“So stupid,” Dean whispered, seeming to have shaken himself out of his funk a bit, raising a hand to his neck and pressing his palm there like he was checking that he still had a pulse. “It’s so s-stupid. I always thought that if I… If I did… I wouldn’t be—I’d turn into someone else, but I…”
“Hush, Dean!” Hannah called back, but she tugged Sam through the crowd anyway, disappearing into the mass of people.
them get closer. I knew they were coming so I got out, found something sharp and my hands worked on auto-pilot. I carved these markings on my arms to hide myself from them, and...and then I swiped up the blood and started writing this sigil on the mirror, too,” she pointed up at the finger painting, a messy but intricate arrangement of symbols and geometry. Dean hadn’t ever seen those markings in his life, but he made a mental note. Behind him, Sam took a picture with his phone.
“Yes,” Uriel said snootily. He looked around some more and muttered, “How sad.”
They were dead. They were in Heaven. Together.
The three of them fell into silence, all nodding. Then Sam patted Dean on the back and stood.
Maybe the presence of her roommate, Leia or whatever, would stop her from decking Dean in the face.
Everyone was silent as Dean stared at Castiel, and Cas smiled back, her eyes twinkling in the morning light as it shone through the window. Charlie’s mouth was dropped.
From the other side of Hannah’s body, despite not knowing Andi or anything about his story, Cas nodded slowly. “Andi… Like Andromeda. Ruler of men. A constellation.”
Cas and Sam exchanged looks. Castiel opened his mouth to answer to the affirmative, but luckily Sam, who had more tact, interrupted.
His feet carried him closer and a brisk walk turned into a jog. A sudden spike of fear, as if angels were on his heels, turned a jog into a sprinting run. His boots pounded down over the marble; despite the racket he was making, he was too close to slow down.
No monsters or yellow-eyed demons in the way to smokescreen the trauma he left behind. John Winchester would have to face his real demons, and that would start with Dean. And with Sam. And one day, with Adam.
Dean felt anger bubble in his chest at the mention of the Duke. He cleared his throat and murmured bitterly, “Yeah. I suppose that’s all that matters.”
Their eyes met. She looked petrified, her face drained of colour, but her voice in his head was strong and commanding. She wanted him out, and her tone didn’t leave room for argument.
Surprise barely had a chance to register over Gadreel's face before Castiel snatched up the blade and surged towards him. One cleverly kicked ankle later and Gadreel was on his knees with Castiel's manacles around his neck.
A light wind blew a lock of hair across her vision. She reached up and pulled the lock away, letting her hand drop down to her side. “It seemed cruel, to bring him back in the state he was in. He was barely human.”
have to tell you that you’re gonna fuck up your suspension if you keep driving like that. You fiending for some demon blood or something?”
While his stomach jolted in excitement, Castiel smiled tightly, half-wincing. “Dean, you’ve...had a long weekend and you’re upset. I would...feel as if I was taking advantage—”
“You dare attempt to defile the
Dean winced, rubbing his temple with his free hand. “How d’you feel about cool ranch Doritos?”
Dean bared his teeth nervously, but Castiel reached past him and pushed open the door to the bedroom, gesturing inside to the neatly made bed cocooned in a plain grey comforter, lit dimly by the one lamp that kept the room cast in a warm light.
Castiel’s fork clinked against his plate as he fiddled with it, trying to line it up perfectly with the edge of his napkin. Swallowing, he explained, “He only gets the weekends and evenings off, as do I, so our spare time lines up. I do not understand the third degree, Naomi. I’ve...I’ve only been seeing him for a few weeks, and I’m…”
“I followed a recipe,” Castiel said, blowing on his forkful of lasagna, the string of cheese from his plate to his fork wobbling in the stream of air.
He knocked again—more firmly, sharper, like his tone. “I have Sam’s phone, I just want to drop it—”
He wasn’t sure how long he could do this, not say anything. He wanted to hold out for Cas, to give Cas space to grow into his own person, but his heart was screaming that Cas was already his own person. His heart shuddered with longing, determined to convince Dean that he could love Cas enough for the both of them.
But Naomi powered on, repeating, “
Looking up, Balthazar smiled tightly and shrugged. “Don’t be, Dean. I have a feeling Zachariah will have his way. He always does. He’s poured too much money into this place now to let his friend shut it down.”
Rested, showered, and finally awake after being asleep for nearly fifteen hours by his count, Dean leaned against a wall of his hotel room, looking around.
“Sure,” Dean murmured. “I guess love would’ve been off the table too.”
“Take this,” Sam ordered, passing Dean his hand-gun as he clicked the safety off his own. “I grabbed it. It-it won’t be so useful against angels but if those dudes with the bandanas get any ideas—”
After handing Hannah her badge back, Dean rolled his eyes, checking the ammo in his own gun and kicking off the safety. “How could I forget? Hung out with a kid named
for you. I’ve given you
Home of the Route 66 Hall of Fame and Museum. Home of nearly twelve thousand people. It was right off the Vermillion River, had a handful of pizza places, but only one really great taco stand. Jamie had lived there all of her life before she’d left with Castiel.
“Castiel has many things to say these days,” Uriel commented darkly, his lips twisting bitterly. “She should watch her tongue or she’ll end up with her grace around my neck, too.”
Sam’s eyes darted over Dean’s shoulder. He seemed to wordlessly speak to Bobby, before Sam nodded jerkily and started walking backwards, his gun still aimed at Dean’s face. The muzzle of the shotgun behind him pushed into Dean’s back, urging him forward.
“Would he have even believed you?” Dean asked, shrugging a shoulder. “People don’t normally hear ‘I’m going off with an angel, catch you later’, and just accept it at face value.”
The flame in the lantern off to the side flickered and wobbled, casting a rippled light over him and Cas. She looked up from her lap, but seemed unable to meet his eye. Dean frowned, watching a thick layer of glisten spread across the azure eyes, bright even under the leavy dark brown lashes and sunken eye bangs.
Jogged out of his dumbfounded silence, Castiel all but stomped his foot as he demanded, “What are you reading? Naomi, this is
But by the time he had woven through the spectators and melded into the moving crowds on the vendor’s path, his anger had dissipated. Naomi was his friend and she was worried. And maybe… Maybe she was sort of right. Dean really hadn’t seemed to have told his friends about their encounter or that they knew each other as more than buddies. Maybe the invite to watch the show was truly just Dean’s way of buttering him up to…
“Don’t,” Cas spat, “call me a bitch!”
“Whoa!” Dean yelped, hiding his eyes behind his hand. “You’re super half-naked.”
“Lee, I want you to meet Cas,” Dean said with a smile that reached his eyes and crinkled the skin around them. “My, uh, my boyfriend.”
At seven-thirty that night, Dean knocked sharply on Castiel’s dressing room door. From inside he heard two female voices and the door didn’t open immediately. The anticipation had Dean’s heart crashing around in his chest, flailing about inside him as the seconds ticked.
“Playing tonsil hockey with God’s dad earns a girl some privileges, I guess.”
“My dad’s old buddy has a bar in the city. Sam and I were going to take some friends to the bar, having some drinks, do a bit of dancing.”
“Yup,” Sam said, pulling his jacket closer to him, the collar tighter around his neck. With a wince, he said, “You should wait out here though. Just in case some Samhain-zombies escape.”
“You’re my I.T. guru, little lady!”
Castiel was going to kill Naomi. He was going to kill her, and then give her a hug and never say one damn mean thing about her--even behind her back.
Dean watched Cas as she dropped another angel blade from her other hand and started swinging. It was the worst, most inappropriate time to notice considering the severity and terror of the situation, but Cas moved like the warrior she claimed to be. It looked like she didn’t exist for anything else but to fight, to wield those dual blades like they were an extension of herself. With a duck and a swipe of her foot through the legs of two demon henchmen who threw themselves at her--looking clumsy by comparison--she flipped the blades and drove them down through the air and into their faces with ease.
Dean leaned in, his lips brushing over hers, but only just. Her breath danced over his lips.
“Um, no. I’d like to duck out of this a bit early to, um, meet up with Dean at his booth so we can head to Garbage together. I hope you don’t mind...”
Dean arrived at Castiel’s house at...some point in the morning? From what he’d gathered from Ash, he’d thought Cas’ home would’ve been a five-minute drive, but when Jack pulled up to the house in the Impala, the sun was peeking up over the edge of the horizon on the water, and Dean’s mouth tasted like an ashtray.
“You forget how to use a phone or what?” Dean snapped, scowling at her when they all dropped the weapons and duffels on the map table. “You shoulda called us, Cas!”
to open the portal, so I did!”
Castiel licked his lips. “Very nice.”
Castiel gasped, laughing a bit at the trauma of the very thought. “God, no.
With limited patience for the demon's monologue, Castiel flew down towards him, one of her blades pulled back, prepared to drive through his smug, ugly face. Moments from sinking the blade into the demon, he moved, ducking out of the way, and diverting Castiel's landing. She went crashing into the pews, her arms thrown in front of her face as the furniture exploded under the velocity of her fall.
“I’m me,” she breathed, and he couldn’t decide if she was happy about it or not. Still, her big eyes blinked a few times and then she said to Sam, “I’m fucking starved.”
“Because Sam’s not home,” Castiel repeated weakly, his voice a rumble as a lump settled in his throat. Most of the blood in his body continued to engorge his cock, making it hard to think.
Dean felt sufficiently scolded as the officer walked away from him. He grumbled to himself as he rolled up the window.
Dean spun around too as the angels cried out and chaos broke out in an instant.
They both seemed to realise what Dean had said at the same time. Dean’s stare dipped away and he cleared his throat, sliding his hand back out of Castiel’s hair. Castiel could feel his panic, the gay panic Castiel was just starting to realise had been there for most of their relationship, sitting at the core of Dean’s insecurities. They’d been written plain as day on his face and Castiel had misconstrued those moments as regret, but—
Last chapter, here we go!
“And bringing forth the apocalypse? Calling forth archangels to battle to the death, to destroy Earth? What’s your purpose?” Anna demanded.
and this is what you give to me—”
“Run away with me,” Dean said again. “Let me save you. Let me grip you tight and—”
“And Ashley,” Dean added, “what’s her last name?”
“Sam just told me you’ve been sick for days. I-I had no idea. We haven’t seen each other in days and I just had no idea, Cas. Even when you were at my house the other night, you seemed fine…”
“What?” Ruby grumbled, crossing her arms over her chest. “Ground rules, Sam—”
“I won’t hear any of this,” Dean insisted, clapping his hand against Castiel’s ass. “We’re gonna make up for the weepy tears and sappy dancing with some good ol’ bumpin’ uglies—oof!”
“You gonna tell me the real bad news?”
Dean raised his brows at her. “Yeah, I believe you; you don’t.”
“Ah, so you saw me go down like a sack of potatoes.”
“Kinda thought you’d intended for me to live in it?”
“—We will find Jack, Cas,” Dean went on, determined. “I will do whatever it takes for Chuck to bring him back, or…or I will dive into the depths of wherever the fuck he is to get him back. He was our kid and I...forgot that. But I—”
Alfie and Dean suddenly froze when they heard heavy footsteps pounding down the stairs down the hall. Three sets of army boots came into view, followed by black armour and automatic assault rifles.
“Right,” he cleared his throat. “Of course. Good luck with that. I suppose I’ll see you tomorrow for the official rehearsal of the new scene? Nine AM, bright and early.”
“Boo hoo,” Uriel snapped, literally clicking his fingers at Castiel in anger. “We’re all dealing with personal shit; that’s life. Now you gonna tell me why you had a tiff with Naomi or—”
Uncertainty went out like a snuffed candle behind Dean’s eyes and Castiel found himself watching Dean’s lips spread into a grin, those cheeky incisors sparkling in the dim light.
Anna looked over at him and to his surprise, she reached up and stroked his face, her thumb lingering on his chin. Then, with a hand resting on his shoulder, she turned her face to Castiel and retorted softly, “You can’t hide it forever, Castiel. I will find it.”
Dean’s throat felt like it was closing at the thought; if the angels got a hold of Chuck, or worse, the demons did, who knew what either side would do with the information that Cas had been feeding him angel blood. If Heaven got a hold of that information, guaranteed they’d kill her.
“A heat,” Dean whispered, eyes dropping to the floor, looking but not seeing.
Shakily, Dean got to his feet, slipping momentarily on the slope of his grave, before he hoisted himself up using a low hanging branch. He pressed his back against the damp, cool trunk of an old tree, taking a brief moment to get used to his legs again. He relaxed his eyes; the tree provided shelter from the rain. While the darkness in the forest inspired a bit of terror in him, his eyes were adjusting. As they did, he realised that he could see a light far in the distance. No, four lights.
In the copier room, it was just him, two hundred musty termination documents, a new copier that barely seemed to function, and—
“Thank you for doing what you did, though, Cas. I know it feels shitty now, but you really helped me and we ended up pulling it off.” Dean paused, then added, “If it makes you feel any better, you make a really cute hungover person. One day, when we get out of here, I’d like to get you properly hung over. The kind of hungover where we just hang out in bed all day, order in crappy food, and nap.”
Looking dazed, Chuck, pale and clammy, nodded. “Don’t think it was a vision though.”
Dean pointed it out.
Remember when I said I'd be posting once a week? Well, once a week
Turning his head to face their hostage, Dean pointed at Gadreel. “You ain’t gonna die today, Gadreel. Not for real, and not to the angels. You’re gonna march your ass right back into Heaven, and you’re taking us with you.”
A horde of squealing kindergarteners ran around their legs and interrupted briefly, squealing as they threw spongy building blocks at each other.
Dean and Castiel turned their faces to look at each other. Dean held up the ring and raised his brows. “Dude’s got a point.”
Their feet crunched over dried leaves and the dirt path cutting through gravestones. Unsure where he was being led, or to whom, Castiel followed anyway, his hand in Dean’s warm, clammy one. But eventually, they stopped in front of a lovely, immaculate gravemarker made of white marble streaked in hues of gold and green.
this place with someone else?”
“No! After what we did, after what happened up there, he’ll ruin everything—”
But she could only fly as far as the marina before she had to land. Something was wrong with her vessel. Her face was hot and her heart beat quickly. The stomach-turning sensation in her hands was quickly identified as sweating. She hated it, it felt horrible.
“No kidding,” Dean snorted. “She kind of seems like a handful to me.”
“I came to congratulate you on saving these people,” Cas said quietly. Dean watched that stubborn wave in her face float across her mouth, fluttering in the breeze. She reached up and pulled it away again, but her eyes darkened and she looked over him, slow, her lashes darkening her eyes as she squinted at him. “But Dean, I know about what happened with Samhain. Uriel, he was seeking revelation. He doesn’t know the full extent of what happened, but...I can smell it on you now. You drank again, didn’t you?”
Those were the nights that Dean began to dread, as he knew he’d have to watch the Duke drool over Castiel more than usual. With Thursdays being her night, when she was the main act, when she wore the least amount of clothing, and easily looked the most like a real angel, beautiful and ethereal, it was easily the way the Duke liked her the most. Dean figured the Duke walked around with a perpetual boner in his pants at just the thought in Cas under the limelight, her body sparkling, her eyes dark and sultry under heavy lashes and smoked out eye kohl.
“If you won’t stay for chocolate and sex,” Anna murmured, nudging her shoulder against Castiel’s again, “then stay for emotions, feelings. The ability to choose things for yourself. Stay for the freedom. For green eyes and freckles; for love.”
Despite everything that he’d ever been, every war he’d fought and enemy he’d come face-to-face with, these alphas gave him pause. This alpha, especially. She made him feel fear, he realised as he found a lump in his throat the size of a softball and a trembling sensation in his stomach anyone else might call anxiousness.
The ceramic jug was put down with a click and Dean reached into his back pocket to pull out a lighter. Confusion swirled in his chest, coiling around his stomach and constricting like a viper. A bad feeling crept up his spine and he could hear the rational part of him whispering for him to stop prying, but that just wasn't Dean's style.
Good thing too, because if he’d slept he would have never known where Sam went when he got up and slipped out quietly. Dean would’ve missed careful footsteps or the one creak the floorboard by the door made from under the carpet.
“Wow,” he breathed. “You just...came out and said it.”
“You want...this?” Castiel croaked, eyes darting around the kitchen, passing on the doorway.
Sam’s heart dropped somewhere behind his belly button and he felt like throwing up instantly.
Fuck this, he thought. He reached over the edge of his tub and wrapped his fingers around the neck of his whiskey bottle, intent on pulling it up to his lips and proceeding with the mind-numbing drunkenness.
Castiel slid down the wall, his shirt shoved into his mouth, the fabric damp with saliva, but thick and muffling his moans. His legs trembled under him as his round stomach tightened and hardened, shuddering another wave of agonizing pain through his body. Between his legs he felt pressure and stretching. Every instinct was to push down, to curl his chin towards his chest and
Castiel even didn’t know where to start; Naomi hitting on Sam, Sam being drunk enough to even talk to Naomi for longer than a minute, or the fact that
They pulled away from each other, hands lingering on shoulders. Sam’s dopey, wobbly smile and shining eyes managed to make Dean feel happy and torn up all at the same time. He was getting a little teary-eyed himself.
“Yo, wake up.”
Ishim rolled his eyes at his bacon, but he didn’t speak anymore.
“You gonna have one too?”
Gadreel looked around at the dilaptated, grungy parking lot, his own brow curled. “Do you see an army behind me? What are you implying, Azrael? Surely, if you believe any wrong-doing, you are confident enough to be forthright.”
“I’m sorry,” he murmured to her collarbone. “I’m just—” He gestured to his temple, “—too in my own head.”
The ridiculous, most stupid urge to jump up and down bubbled in Dean’s chest, but instead, he just looked between Cas’ big blue eyes and he felt himself smile, giddiness shuddering through his heart. “You’re staying? What for?”
“We—” Dean squeezed her hands, “—are better together.”
Feeling a bit paralyzed, Castiel breathed, “Dean, I…”
“Cas,” Dean’s voice went soft. “What’s up? You’ve got that face where you’re chin is going all wobbly, and your eyes go all pretty and bright. It makes me feel like an asshole because you look real nice so I kinda appreciate it, but clearly you’re just trying not to cry.”
“Oh, yeah?”
“Bed rest? A doctor?” Dean asked, thrown. “For what? She seems fine, what…”
Castiel shrugged, sliding his cold hands into his pant pocket. He wondered briefly if he wasn’t supposed to use his pant pockets for that purpose, because Dean’s eyes did a quick but deliberate glance down at them, before snapping back up to Castiel’s face. His sharp jaw clenched.
Furious with himself, he got to his feet and stared at Castiel as he had done hundreds of times before, and hoped that Cas could see it in his eyes—could see that he’d never meant for him to be loved like a brother, like the ever-vague concept of ‘family’.
Almost.
Zachariah rolled his eyes and rose to his feet, propping on hand on his hip while the other waved at Castiel loosely. “My goodness does he ever talk, talk, talk, talk,
Gulping down shuddering breaths, Castiel took it from her and swallowed quickly, coughing a bit as he choked on it, but shoved away the small glass of water she offered him, side stepping her and walking out of the room before she had a chance to call him “baby” again.
Sam broke out into a grin and patted his brother’s arm, sliding off the railing and walking back into the apartment. “You’ll figure it out. You always do.”
Continuing, Cas gestured down to her body and added, “I also have access to the catalogue of memories my vessel possesses, and she knows how to have sex well. All of her ex-boyfriends have told her so, as did her husband.”
But from behind him, Castiel held him firmly against his chest and did not relent.
It seemed that even the Angel of Thursday wasn’t immune to Dean’s bad jokes, because her scowl wobbled a bit, betraying her as it tried to smile.
“It was a modestly sized rock,” Cas said flatly, her eyes still darting around the cave, the dull orange light from one singular lantern resting on a ledge, casting half her face in shadow. “I kept coming in and out of consciousness on the way back to the cave. I woke up very briefly when the monster dropped me in the dirt to go attack you.”
“Sure,” Dean said, when he really wanted to ask ‘why’. He hardly registered that he had pulled his own legs back into the bed, but after he had, he felt exhausted like they’d turned to lead.
“Of course,” she giggled, before turning to Sam and beaming again. “I hope I’m not bothering you. But,” she held out a long, wide bag draped over her arm, “I bring gifts from Charlie.” Hannah glanced at Dean, “and Castiel.”
With a nervous little thrill—as if they hadn’t been naked together several times before—Castiel put the jar down on the bed and took a step back, proud of his hands for not shaking as he put them on his hips, hooking his thumbs under his loosened waistband and dragging his pants off slowly. The sparkle of lust in Dean’s eyes helped egg on the burst of confidence he was feeling about how much Dean trusted (and desired) him.
. She planted him there to entice others into giving her jewelry. She does it every once in a while to trick others into bringing presents. And it works; her regulars present her with diamonds and luxuries every time she’s on that stage. She’s a genius.” Charlie paused, and then added, “And she’s my friend, so if you forget again that she’s smarter than all of us put together, I’ll kick your ass.”
“I banished them,” she sniffled. Her hands shook in her lap, and fresh blood oozed out of the cuts—sigils, Dean realised. “I-I don’t know how I knew to do that, but I did. I was in the shower and I
Inside, other angels were packing.
!” Dean grumbled at Sam, after his little brother punched him in the arm. Turning back to Bobby, Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, nevermind. Everyone’s still a bit touchy-touchy about the seventeen hour drive.”
“It was you, wasn’t it?” Castiel whispered, both hands now on Dean’s arms, squeezing. “I wasn’t sure. I wasn’t. But I could not imagine a universe where I would be mated with anyone else. Did...did you mate with Castiel, Dean? Did you mark him?”
left for him anywhere. No one left that he loved. No one left who loved him, either.
It was something—more than something; it was a lot. Because Castiel
“I’d been in love before,” she admitted, almost too quiet, like she’d hoped he would miss what she said. “His name was Jimmy. He… He was married. He was married to my friend, Amelia.”
Although, initially, he was unsure where this was going, he certainly didn't fight it. And now, when he felt a surge of courage and slid his hand under the underwire of the bra she had on and massaged a swell of breast, she moaned. His thumb brushed a tight, hard nub of nipple, eliciting a noise from her that was absolutely sinful; he knew they’d crossed a line, then.
Forgetting about Dean, Sam, and Kevin all ran towards the tower, their feet splashing in puddles that grew as the mist turned to fully formed drops of rain. Dean gripped onto the key in his first, determined not to lose it among the other jingling keys. As he ran up the steps, his breath puffing out of his lungs in a panic, he regretted every word he said to Cas, and regretted every making her feel like anything other than the extraordinary woman she was. He’d spend forever trying to make it up to her.
Dean choked a bit, his mouth gaping. “No, uh, it was a mistake, a miscommunication. I must’ve looked like a real idiot too. I—” Dean felt the breeze turn cool on his skin as his face heated up. His heart sunk. “Oh, god, I told you I wanted to bring my brother with me at one point, didn’t I?”
The phone slid from Dean’s hand, his fingers loosening from around it. His ears rung and his vision blurred. The back of his head grew instantly hot where something heavy, fast, and blunt hit him. He wasn’t sure if he was bleeding or just concussed, but he felt a hot trickle down the back of his neck. Regardless, the world went black as his legs gave out, and the last noise he made was a grunt as the floor came up to meet him.
Dean gave him a thorough tour, explaining everything from the engine model to the vintage upholstery, and leading him through little details like the tiny green army men Sam had shoved into the vents and ashtray as a toddler. The most impressive thing about her was the hidden compartment in the trunk—Dean had installed it himself—where he had all manner of strange possessions; vintage vinyl records, a guitar, a box of old jewellery, a colt rifle that had so much dust on it that it looked gray, and of course, a case of beer.
Jamie crossed her arms over her chest, holding the phone up to her ear with a sweating hand. “Yeah, well…told you I would.”
Dean climbed up onto Castiel’s bunk and sat on the edge, his feet on the steps. He looked around and Castiel saw his throat working a bit. Perhaps, Castiel thought, there was one of those single man tears threatening to fall. It made his stomach hurt worse with guilt.
For a split second, Dean immediately thought she was talking about him and his stomach dropped. His suddenly clammy hands gripped his drink tighter.
“Harry Potter reference,” Dean sighed, waving his hand. More firmly, he said, “This house belongs to you, Cas. It would make me happy if you just let yourself have it. Remember what you said; you want to find love in yourself. Well, start by living in the house you love.”
“It’s okay, Dean,” she said.
) and depictions of grief.
Alfie’s hand turned in the air and curled, gesturing for Dean to come in. “Hi! Are you hungry?”
Words faded on his tongue, and again, Castiel just nodded.
“Stay where you are!” Sam’s booming voice exclaimed from inside the room. Dean’s shoulders were tensed, his fists curled at his sides. Castiel saw him grab the door handle and close the door a bit, shielding Castiel from view of whatever had entered the room.
Bobby looked grumpy, as usual. "Decided to come home drunk off his gourd last night, broke my ma's ol' lamp and wore his shoes to bed. He's stayed home tonight to think about what he's done..."
Sam was alive and Cas…
Hannah was the least likely of all the guards to shoot them in the face. Hannah was a bitch, but she wasn’t trigger happy like the rest of the guards. So when Castiel and Dean decided to carry out their plan, it was when Hannah patrolled their corridor at light’s out.
“It was rather humiliating,” Castiel reported curtly, tucking a strand behind her ear. “You allowed me to make a fool of myself.”
“Can I suck you off?” Dean rasped, his mouth closing for a brief second as he swallowed.
pretty. They’re nearly inhuman. I feel like a troll in their presence.”
Dean’s eyes narrowed so much that he hardly saw through them anymore. “This has to be some kind of human rights violation, are you kidding me? My brother is gonna tear into this fucking government the second he catches wind—”
Sam and Bobby exchanged looks, their mouths turning down into scowls as they stood over him. Their arms crossed over their chests, and Dean shifted on the uncomfortable cot that was positioned awkwardly in the middle of the room.
talk...uh, first.”
Despite Dean’s smile spreading into a grin, Castiel blumbled on. “And I-I’m not sure why I felt the compulsion to admit I cried—”
Dean wanted to say.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat put there by Cas’ unshaken, loyal gaze. “It’s not wrong, Cas. You and me? We ain’t wrong.”
Taking another big bite out of his hotdog, Dean wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, pausing to lick mustard off his skin. Once he swallowed, he said thickly, “Yup. Just getting started in his career but I think he’s gonna be awesome.”
“Thanks for picking me up,” Dean greeted, sliding in and leaning over to plant a kiss on Castiel’s cheek.
Cas moaned and rolled onto her back, swatting away Dean’s hand with her own. As he snatched his hands back, he watched her reach up and rub her face, blowing hair away with a stream of air pushed from her lips.
Despite Hannah’s presence, Castiel felt a thrill through his middle that settled in his cheeks, pulling them into a smile.
“Thanks,” Castiel muttered, not bothering to defend himself or tell this other man that he hadn’t been masturbating. Instead, Castiel sat up and rubbed at his eyes.
“It’s all you, kid,” Dean piped in, after watching silently, a small smile rested comfortably on his lips now. As he wrestled his keys out of his jean pockets, he nodded at Sam. “Take Hannah with you and be careful when you drive. I don’t want a scratch on my baby, and no changing the radio presets.”
He felt it slide out, the rest of his baby, and the angels all gasped.
“Shut it, chuckles!” Dean barked. “We’re working on it.”
“Right,” he murmured, looking at his hand and seeing an empty, dry glass. He set it down and gave his head a shake. “I...was really into it, I guess.”
“What’s your point, Kevin?” Sam snapped, regaining his balance and adjusting Hannah on his back. “Hangover be damned. Hell, it’ll be in-character for Daniel to be hungover.”
Sam scoffed. “That’s absurd. You’re oldest, so you should probably be the first to die.”
Okay, her irritated, cold demeanor had been cute for a moment, but now Dean was feeling the frustration too. He tucked the script under his arm and shoved his hands in his pockets, stopping dead in his tracks.
What the hell was he talking about? Sales? Work?
Balthazar nodded. “Yes, you did. We knew you would, after days of your head aching, didn’t we?”
When she left that night, Jamie tried to give nothing away. She said goodbye as usual to Lia and Claire. She was walked out onto the porch by Jimmy, who was still watching her with a peculiar look in his eye.
“We’re...not speaking.”
“I got you this job,” she said steadily, and Dean felt dread in his stomach at her tone. “I can certainly have it taken away.”
The room was quiet except for the sharp, smooth sound of Cas’ blade sliding into her hand. Without breaking eye contact, she lifted her hands between them and pressed the tip of the weapon into her palm. A small puddle of blood pooled in her hand and she raised it to him.
The room was silent other than the wet, trickling sound of thick blood leaking out of the corpse in spurts, soaking into the carpet.
“Dean, the final seal is set to break tomorrow.”
“I’m not going to kill myself, Jim,” Jamie said abruptly, exhaling a shaking breath. “I’m just going away on an adventure, okay? We’ll see each other again. I-I’ll make sure. I’ll make them promise.”
“You don’t have to fear for her,” Castiel continued, tilting her head a bit as she spoke, watching Sam carefully. “Once she finishes serving Heaven, she will be rewarded. As will you, if you serve your purpose.”
On top of that, Dean heard Cas go back to the bathroom for five more rounds of pitiful, violent sounding puking throughout the night. The retches were so horrible that even Dean felt empathy pain in his stomach and nausea of his own. When Cas stumbled back to bed for good, Dean managed to escape Gracie for a minute to grab a bucket from under the kitchen sink, a glass of water, and a Gravol for Cas. He snuck in some kisses and a cuddle with the former-angel-now-sick-man-baby for about five minutes before he returned to the Screeching Sick Baby Show.
“Sam—”
It wasn’t whiskey this time, but Castiel still accepted the drink bought for him with a smile, letting Dean pry the warm bottle from his grip and throw it away in a nearby blue bin. With an extra-large bottle of water in both of their hands, the men headed towards the misting tent just beyond the crowded walkway, the vapour visible over their heads.
He knew that smell was Cas.
When Dean blinked dumbly, Cas rolled her eyes. “They were starved, having been in captivity for over a day. She’d been giving them milk stolen from the hospital, but they’re too young to survive without sustenance for too long. With a newborn myself, I’m lactating and I could feed two at once.” Cas then scowled and added with a mumble, “Also, I think she intends to kill me in front of you as a punishment for what you did to her babies initially.”
Balthazar understood the meaning of that sentence clear as day. He knew what the Duke really wanted. He could tell by the way he kept dragging his finger over his lips and how he couldn’t tear his eyes away from Castiel for too long. A glass of aged whiskey remained untouched, loosely held in the Duke’s grasp.
“And you’re a good dancer,” Dean added, raising his brows and pointing two finger-guns at him. “A really good one.”
He explained that most of the shop’s furniture was original, made by his father and left over from how his mother had laid it out (for the most part). For every picture of his parents, Dean had a story that brought a twinkle to his eye and left his smile lingering on his lips for minutes after. He’d explained the few merchandising changes he’d made, and even pulled out some of his favourite albums to play on an old record player given to him by his grandmother.
When he’d been allowed to see her a few days later, he saw Sophia’s facial features in the babe’s face.
Dean thought triumphantly when Hannah sighed and moved her weapon out of her way, sliding it around to settle on her back. She bent over and grabbed Cas by his arm, trying to haul him up.
Ruby yelped and jumped to her feet, scrambling over to Sam. “I
Surprisingly, Sam snorted. “No, dude. I mean, I don’t think so. But I’m just saying; if I knew you’d be better off, I might’ve left you.”
“Can you believe her?” he choked out.
“No, fuck you,” Ash snorted, waving his cigarette back at her.
Dean’s jaw dropped when the door swung open.
it, I just forgot about it. I… Dude, you gotta press the button.”
Angels mingled with patrons, no doubt enticing patrons for services through charismatic socializing and flirtations. They all looked magnificent. If Dean thought they all seemed like gods and goddesses the first night he’d arrived at Heaven, then he’d been mistaken. Tonight they truly seemed unearthly, like titans and gods. There was nothing that wasn’t immaculate and perfect about the angels, from their costumes—made up of silks, and velvets, satins, and tulle. They shone under lights that flattered the glitter spread over their skin, the rhinestones and crystals on their faces and clothing, and the diamonds hanging from their ears and wrists.
Exhaling the tension from his chest, he looked around at the brick wall. There were old street names and neon beer signs and retro band posters. He wandered along the CD bins and distracted himself with trying to read the tour dates on a few t-shirts they had pinned to the brick. He heard Dean lead the woman to the cash and after a few words, the till slammed closed and the bell above the door chimed again, announcing her departure.
While it lacked dramatics, the distraction worked. As soon as the vase hit the ground, he heard the Duke growl, “What was that? What is going on here?”
“Following orders!” Castiel snapped, her feelings—oh, that’s what those were—overcoming her, the heat in her face intensifying. At her sides, her palms sweat worse. Her breath caught in her throat for a moment, and then she repeated, “Anna, I’m following orders. These are the messages Zachariah
“Get out,” she panted, lowering the bag to her side, her chest heaving.
Dean’s hands fell loosely in his lap as he gazed up at her. “Chip on your shoulder?”
to be there! This is too much. I-I didn’t want to get in the middle of angels and demons, but I especially didn’t want to get in the middle of angels and
The angels surrounding them broke apart, moving back through the crowd, singing, “...
“So are you in?” Hannah asked, raising her brows at the brothers, eyes darting from one to the other.
“What—” she began to ask, but then she heard it, the ringing of grace, and she felt the hot, warm familiar presence...
“More like his stompin’ grounds,” Ash interrupted, sliding onto a stool beside Jimmy, his beer clunking down on the table. Fiddling around in his shirt pockets, Ash tugged out a matchbook and struck a flame, puffing at a cigarette bobbing on his lips. Taking a drag, he wheezed, “Fucks around on the property, builds shit. You want me to take you ‘round?”
Dean’s eyes scanned the room over and over while he accepted hugs and clinked glasses with everyone. There were too many people to take in and it was becoming overwhelming—all the familiar scents of these people and the bar—memories were rushing him and Dean almost wished for a moment alone to just look out over the crowd. He wanted to be a fly on the wall to all of this joy—
She raised a finger, “He did that to Sammy because
Not that it mattered, memories could be wiped with a wave of her and Uriel's hands. It was just messy.
“It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s not that bad,” Dean whispered to her, his voice shaking as Cas gasped for air, but pulled nothing but blood into her mouth as it stained the cracks in her dry lips. Dean wrenched his head up and was met with the sight of Charlie holding Hannah to her chest, and Meg visibly shaking, holding Claire to her chest, her eye impossibly wide as Cas bled out.
Feeling guilty for making him wait, Castiel slid his hands into his pockets to rub away the dampness of his palms and in an effort to look perhaps less nervous than he was. “Apologies, Dean. I’m only making one set of copies, but there are two hundred pages and this ‘new’ printer is horrible. It’s slow and clunky. I’ve been here for quite some time and there’s—” He leaned over, squinting at the screen. “—still one-hundred and nine pages to go.”
Castiel blinked.
When the burial was done, the crowd broke into hugs and hushed chatter, spreading across the cemetery and catching up on the sidewalks. Sam wandered off, his head low and wrist running under his nose—when he stopped under a tree and leaned on it, Hannah and Charlie rushed off to his side. Kevin joined them after giving Dean a squeeze above his elbow.
“My face isn’t st…” But Dean trailed off, knowing it was best to follow orders, because Sam and Bobby’s tones weren’t playful, and there wasn’t any hint of belief in their eyes.
Maybe Cas was just coincidentally at the end of his super-heat when they’d fucked.
“I’ve been prayin’ since I woke up, and it’s been an hour. I was starting to worry…”
“I won’t tell him anything,” Jamie said.
Beside him, Sam jumped when his phone went off in his pocket. Chuck looked like he had a heart attack, clutching at his chest. With a worried look on his face, Sam flipped open the phone and pressed it to his ear.
“Nah, I mean you and Cas. Sam said you took it hard when Cas died.”
Bobby had begun saying something more about the ghost sickness, but Dean had crossed the room and burst into the bathroom. The terror of facing death, of being thrown back down into the pit, of living down there again with the fire, the screaming, the laughing, and rivers of demon blood being force-fed to him made Dean vomit pathetically into the motel toilet.
“I never let anyone love me like that before, you know? Wasn’t raised to prioritize myself, always thought what I wanted wasn’t important. So when Cas told me that—that thing I’ve always wanted to hear, I didn’t say jack-shit back.” Dean squeezed his teeth together so hard he felt a jolt of pain up the side of his face. His heart hammered in his chest, waiting for the blow, but he pushed on, shoving the words from behind his teeth. “Told myself the feelings of shame about what I wanted were normal, that the shame
“I’ll die trying to escape, if I must,” Castiel rasped, slowly getting to his feet, trying to fight through the weak tremor in his legs left over from nearly being assaulted...again. “I won’t be kept here, I won’t rest until I am with the Winchesters again.”
should I be grateful for?”
“Anything you want,” Dean conceded. “Shoot.”
The tinny sound of Coldplay’s
“Stevie is an angel,” Dean chuckled, tugging a hand from his pocket to wave through the air. “She clearly has no intentions but to do right by you and your family, Mr. Harvey. She isn’t a suspect, not to worry. I just have some follow up questions. She was a bit shy, I was hoping to get her to open up a bit more.”
It was then that the cupid stepped back, his brows knitted together. “You want me to
This was all very similar, except the bodies lined a hallway that led up to a chapel. Candles glowing around an altar.
“Probably gotta step closer—” Dean suggested as the girl kept spelling into the mic. He pressed his palm up against Castiel’s back, pulling her close. Castiel pressed her hands to his chest and nodded, biting her lip in amusement as he struggled to think of what to do next. “Um…”
Dean sat on the hood of the Impala, drinking a beer.
“He’s at your father’s funeral,” Castiel said softly, bowing his knees a bit to catch Dean’s eyes when the green orbs lowered and darked between eyelashes that winced. “He’s here to pay his respects, and—” Castiel turned Dean with two firm hands on his shoulders and pointed. “Look, he doesn’t look angry.”
“At first?” Castiel asked, feeling a distant feeling of amusement pushing through the growing depression.
Alastair ignored him, talking casually to the ceiling. "Although I dunno if he'd necessarily be into your brand of BDSM, Dean. What did you always used to say? Burn-Drown-Slice-Maim? You know," Alastair waggler a finger in his restraints, "you're pretty crafty with your words when you want to be." Alastair paused to look thoughtful. "But otherwise? Dumb as a doornail."
Quickly lifting his head, he whispered, “Hey, hey—”
The gold Civic rumbled under Castiel’s feet as he sat behind the wheel, waiting for Dean to close up shop. Not a single customer had come in after the one woman, so Dean had taken Castiel for an extensive tour of his store; he showed him the backroom, the stockroom, explained each section of the store, and toured him through every odd knick-knack and old band sticker he had hidden behind the counter.
Castiel went on. “Then Hannah was there, as Lucifer fell and Michael abandoned us and Heaven turned on me. Once we’d settled on Earth and I had some time to grieve...I realized that I was allowed to move on. I realized there is a capability to love more than one person at the same time. I could still love your memory, and love the humans, and love her, too.”
A low rumble of laughter escaped Uriel’s throat and he shook his head. “You and I know we did a good of a job manipulating him in order for him to do whatever we please, Castiel. You can take partial credit for that. You did well. Now,” Uriel looked over his shoulder, his eyes glittering. “Best I join Zachariah at the entrance. Our dark hero is arriving shortly. You stay here and remain quiet. One peep from you and I set Anna on fire.”
She lowered his arms to his lap and raised her hands to his face, her warm palms cradling his jaw. Her eyes softened. “Yes, you’ve told me before,” she said fondly. “Many times.”
Dean slid on a pair of sunglasses and grinned. “Oh, buddy. On an empty stomach?”
While Dean had years of practice resisting Sam’s bitchface, Charlie rushed to console him after Sam’s lips pursed and his eyes narrowed. “Like I said earlier,” Charlie reassured, pressing a hand to Sam’s arm. “No one else is going to audition. Balthazar will likely just assign parts. He’ll want creative control of a lot of it. He, and Cas, and likely the Duke.”
me much. Like I said, God tells me things that I need to know. I write down what I see. They’re usually visions of the future, but until I met you both, I was kinda skeptical… Thought I was going nuts.”
“How’s Pam?” Dean asked distractedly, looking more closely around the barn. All over the walls and ceiling were spray painted sigils and wards. Dean spun a finger through the air, gesturing vaguely and pulling a face. “Jeeze, guys. A bit of overkill?”
Anna slid off the hood and gave Dean’s arm a squeeze. “You don’t have to remember the specifics, Dean. But I know you remember the feeling.”
Everyone turned to look at him and asked in sync, “Love?”
“You’re crazy,” Castiel breathed, though she didn’t move when Dean reached out and his hand hovered near hers, fingers brushing.
Looks like all of Alfie’s crying and meltdowns had worked in their favour to weedle Hannah’s patience down to almost nothing.
“It’s quite all right, darling angel. You don’t worry about anyone but yourself. If you must be sick, better out than in. You just—”
“I got it for you.” Dean opened his other hand and held out a pill. “Now take one of these before we have a repeat of last night. Not that, y’know, I minded. I got to have a cuddle with you, even if you were snotting all over yourself and choking on puke…”
Sam groaned from behind him. “A Harry Potter joke? Really?”
Her brows knitted together. “Warned?”
Dean tried never to acknowledge those dreams when he woke up, but sometimes when Sam wasn’t around and Cas wasn’t looking, Dean let himself yearn. He let himself wonder what it would’ve been like if he’d taken Cas in the back of the Impala and not Anna. What would have happened between them?
With the TV muted, Castiel looked over and found Dean was staring at him, searching his face and looking completely broken.
“Okay,
With that, Dean and Sam were left alone in their room, shoulders sagging as the flutter of wings disappeared.
Dean seemed to be fighting a smile too as he gazed at Shirley Manson. With a slide of his hands into his jean pockets, Dean glanced over and said firmly, “Dude, no. It’s a gift. You keep those.”
Daphne stared at Castiel, her eyes widening.
Anna blinked and then clapped her palm to her forehead. “Of course,” she said, before rushing forward and grabbing a hunk of broken statue from the ground. “But the noise will alert them…”
“It’s a date.”
“How,” Castiel finally growled, his hands squeaking on the wheel, “are you planning on returning to your universe, back to
Mrs. Harvey nudged her husband, holding out their son to him. The little boy outstretched his arms, his tiny fists grasping for him, and sighed against his binkie as he settled against his father’s chest. Dean’s heart squeezed painfully; Tim looked just like his baby sister.
The squint lessened. She stared at him with a strange expression. "Sam is not my favourite."
“Can I come in?” Castiel asked, looking at him suspiciously before her eyes darted over his shoulder into his apartment.
“Damn it, Sam! I’m not a
“Why aren’t you warded against angels?” Sam asked, gesturing to the window and wincing as his shoulder oozed more blood into his shirt and between his fingers.
Dean stepped aside and pulled at Cas’ hand, urging her to step forward, which she did, but with a nervous air to her.
“Come on, hurry up. A nurse is gonna come by to get you. Dumah just came by to give you a heads up,” the man said, nodding his head towards the door, which to Castiel’s surprise, was open a crack.
Cas rubbed his palms at his sides and shook his head. “No use waiting until tomorrow to protect ourselves. I’ll make myself useful now.”
Inhaling slowly, gathering up the pieces of his nerve, Dean plowed on. “Thank you for saving me. I haven’t thanked you for that yet, but what you did in that dungeon, what you did for me, and for Sam, and Jack, and all of humanity, it was… I mean, it’s not a surprise, you’ve always been better than us, better than anyone. But it was fucking brave, Cas. You’re the bravest person I know, and the kindest. I—we… I don’t deserve you.”
“Please get up, Dean. I don’t deserve… I said what I said to save us, to...feel some semblance of peace, of happiness. In the end, all I wanted to tell you that I… I wanted to save you.” A shaking, rasping breath. “I love you, but I know I can’t have you. I didn’t intend to make you feel guilty or put another burden on your shoulders. I don’t expect...”
He took a shaking deep breath as the rain stopped beating down on him under the veranda. Dean inhaled the familiar scent of welded metal, whiskey, and leather wafting in from the open front door. From outside, Dean could see the foyer, glowing in orange flickering light from the study, and for a moment he felt his chest tighten, his eyes stinging in the corners. He never thought he’d be here again, never thought he’d smell that aroma or see that sight.
“Charlie—” he started.
,” Bobby repeated slowly, scowling, “‘cause we meet down there if stuff gets hairy. The weapons closet down there is stocked, so you two grab what we’re gonna need and meet back here in five.”
, Dean! A real, not-a-prop gun! The hand kind!”
Using the bed to lift himself off the floor, Castiel stepped over Dean to get to the washroom. He barely made it in time to even close the door. The Winchesters stopped bickering behind him as he fell to his knees and gripped the toilet seat in shaking hands.
“No, Dean, it was the most hypocritical thing, I—”
Dean exhaled heavily and allowed himself to ask quietly, “I just thought you’d been mated to…’
“Thank you,” Castiel murmured. She didn’t reply as she stroked him in uniform strokes, her pressure not too hard, but not gentle either, not anymore.
Sam had been staring at a Bible for three hours and didn’t understand at all what the fuck was happening.
I’m just—I’m just worried! How the heck are you so...so...
But Dean stared into Sam’s conflicted face and he nodded. “You told me not to touch him and you were right to. We didn’t listen and… I’m sorry, Sam.”
Damp, frizzing curls bounced around Meg’s face as she shook her head. “You fool. Once the Duke gives her everything she ever wanted, she’ll forget about you.”
Also, Castiel thought as he ran over to his work desk, rummaging through the junk drawer beside his keyboard, he needed to get the lube somewhere appropriate, that wasn’t completely sad and pathetic. With the half-empty bottle in hand, he ran to the bedroom and threw it into his side drawer beside an old watch that didn’t work any more, his passport, and a few Tums that had rolled out of their crumpled foil package.
“Mabbles!” she called through the apartment. “Mom is home and mom is thirsty!”
Dean grinned and slipped an arm around her confidently, though it was a facade; there was sweat slipping down his spine and his stomach was in knots from the pressure of showing her a good time. “We’re heading to Singer’s Saloon.”
“Ellen, a glass of sherry,” the woman ordered across their group, directed at the bartender.
Thirty-five men per floor, forty-seven floors. That was one-thousand, six hundred, and forty-five men in one facility. All the government needed was one hundred other facilities like this. There were definitely one hundred cities in South Dakota. Hell, Sioux Falls alone was enough of a big city to hide ten or twenty of these kinds of facilities.
They froze. Sam and Hannah exchanged looks, both wide-eyed, both simultaneously stepping closer together and away from Dean.
Dean cleared his throat. “What?”
Sam nodded, and he stepped away from the wall, feeling a bit more comfortable. Castiel clearly had issues with personal space, however, so he sidestepped her and walked over to the window, sitting down under it as his legs felt a bit weak. This was all too much. He’d always thought he was nothing, that he was a freak, that he was destined for something dark and evil. To find out that wasn't true…
, I could tell anybody. A-And I th-thought that I’d finally found the person I could introduce him to. Be-because—”
“I’d like to feed you.”
Pepsi was better, but Castiel nodded, feeling a tingle of glee in his stomach when Dean gave their linked hands a few encouraging pumps. “Yes, I’d like that.”
He couldn’t bring himself to shoot, but thankfully, Sam and Bobby didn’t notice as they emptied their guns into her.
freezing.
Oh no. Back pedal. “Un... Unless you simply want me to call your store, that’s fine too. I can leave the address with Kevin o-or one of your other—”
She explained to them, as they unloaded the trunk and trudged down the bunker steps, that she’d run out of the cash in her vessel’s wallet fairly quickly. Three-days kinda quickly. Dean nearly tripped down a flight of stairs when she admitted she’d been homeless for six-goddamn-months.
“Okay, but you sound jealous,” Sam chuckled, throwing his arm around Dean’s shoulders as they walked down the steps and descended down into the hallway with the dressing rooms.
Cupping his ear again, Cute Guy yelled, “
booming in his ears.
“You would,” Uriel grunted, sighing. “You gotta live a little, Castiel. Shotgun a beer in your thirties, sleep with your boss—” Uriel waved a hand through the air. “—deny a read receipt. Have a little
The angels stopped talking and playing their game, turning to eye Dean at the doorway. A young-looking angel with big blue eyes and short curly brown hair waved at him.
Coughs sounded from both brothers and from the bed, where a fiery red-headed woman and two young men sat in a tangle of limbs, covered in dust, bits of floorboards, and bits of Dean’s ceiling.
“No, I’m not angry. Can I be clear, Cas? ‘Cause this is gonna suck if I’m wrong. Are you attracted to me?”
Castiel waited until he could hear Sam tapping at his phone, before he let his eyes slide open. He looked down and saw Dean’s jacket over him, heavy and impossibly warm. Castiel sucked in a quick breath and looked up into the rearview mirror. Green eyes looked back at him, but quickly looked away.
The monster bared its teeth, and in the lantern light they looked sharp and pointed. The monster’s eyes flashing in the light like a cat. Or a snake, Dean thought, eyeing its scales peeking up from the lifted scalp.
Castiel shook her head.
Despite the fear that she instilled in their hearts, the men erupted into murmurs, looking at each other, eyes wide, lips moving as they whispered to each other.
“You kissed me,” Castiel blurted out after a moment of silence. He was staring at Dean in the dark, unable to see him. Still, he knew they were gazing at each other.
Sam and Dean exchanged looks over Uriel’s shoulder. Sam raised a hand to his mouth and rubbed at his lips. “Uh, well, not exactly.”
“Couldn’t’ve done it without you, sister,” Anna said, reaching over and taking Castiel’s fingers, giving them a squeeze. “You rebelled, but you did it for pure reasons. You followed your heart, you trusted your doubts. God will surely reward you greatly. Wherever he is, I’m sure he’s proud.”
fucked if the Duke leaves unimpressed tonight. Go help Hannah ensure our star is taken care of.”
“Well,” Bobby grumbled, shifting in the seat he’d dropped into, “warn me next time your third eye sees ‘bout four sets of dirty boots falling over my head.”
“Yeah,” Castiel admitted, rubbing at his face, hoping he wasn’t as red as he was warm. “As soon as we, um...finished, I burst into tears. I imagine it wasn’t the most ideal situation to do so, but I told her I was gay.”
“Enough chatter,” Uriel snapped, walking about the bed, past Dean and right up to Sam. “We’re here to relay a message to you, Samuel.”
“You want me to plow you from behind?” Dean asked breathlessly, his eyes rolling back as Cas dragged his teeth across his jaw. “For our first time together? I pegged you as the make-love-face-to-face kind guy—”
“What? Dean, Zachariah is going out of town in a few hours, and besides, Cas isn’t even performing tonight. Meg’s taken over.”
Dean made a fake-gagging noise, but turned the phone from portrait to get a better view. “Gross.”
Dean stared at her when she shook and lifted her head slowly like it weighed fifty pounds. Her lips trembled and she sniffed wetly.
After washing dishes and pretending like everything was normal, Dean excused himself to go work on Baby. He moved the Impala into the large service garage Bobby used to paint cars, and got to work. Dean changed her oil under the growing darkness of night, turning on the garage lights when the magenta that preceded the setting of the sun disappeared and left dark blue in its wake.
When Castiel was conscious next, he felt like he’d been asleep for only minutes, but the rays of soft morning light shining brightly through the curtains told him differently
me? What else is new?”
“I heard your prayer,” Naomi hissed from behind Hannah, her blade pressed to her throat, yanking Hannah’s head back by her brown hair in a fist. “I see you heard mine too.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied back flatly, unsure why he couldn’t find a middle ground between absolute panic and a deadpan, unbothered expression.
Her brother cleared his throat too, chewing slowly on the end of the red gummy string. He looked away from the TV and over at Jamie. “What do you wanna know? You’ve never asked about that before. No one ever wanted to talk to me about it.”
No. “Yes, a bit.”
The three of them jumped as the bunker door released a long croak and swung back. Jack lifted his face, Sam got to his feet and Dean raised his eyes to see Eileen slipping through the heavy door and holding it open.
Sam shook his head, lowering his gaze, disappointment etched into every feature of his face. Beside him, Cas’ stoic stare flickered to Jamie. “Jamie,” the angel rasped, low voice rumbling in his throat. “Thank you for everything. I must take my leave. Rest assured, I will ensure this home is better protected. It will be better hidden, and you, your brother’s wife, and niece will be taken care of. In the interest of shielding their minds, their memories of this night will be removed.”
Dean stared at him.
“Oh,” Annette said, her shoulders slumping, her hands dropping to her side. She tucked her pen behind her ear and nodded, looking glum. “Yeah. A few regular patrons passed away recently. The police were here all weekend asking us questions. Weird questions, invasive questions. Really sad questions. A couple of the gentlemen were my own regulars. I mean, I didn’t get to know them too well before they died, but they seemed to take a liking to me and always asked to be sat in my area.”
Their eyes locked, their chests brushing as they breathed.
Castiel couldn’t speak, her throat closed up and her stomach revolted, roiling and turning. Behind her eyes, she remembered Naomi’s belt strap coming down over her back when she was sixteen, and she remembered Naomi forcing her out into the street to see Jimmy and Amelia’s broken bodies.
Finally, one of Dean’s genuine smiles curled onto his lips and Castiel felt at least a little better from it. He wasn’t sure what possessed him, but he reached out and uncurled his fingers, his palm open to Dean.
“Stop saying that you understa—”
He didn’t have time to turn around and try to swing his arms at Uriel’s head as planned because the hard base of a boot crushed the back of his knee, sending him hard onto the ground, his elbows skinned as they broke his fall.
“Nah,” Bobby replied gruffly, tapping the bottom of the mortar to shake out crumbles of dried leaves. “It’s memorized. You two ready? Guns loaded? Knives pointy?”
Castiel's lip curled. "You guard my jail cell."
Castiel | 8:42 (October 20th, 2019): Also, please keep an eye on Naomi. I don’t know what she’s doing, but if she intends on hurting Hannah in any capacity, she will.
“—If you’re okay stopping by my place, I can run up and grab ‘em. U-Unless you’re going to Uriel’s thing tonight? If not, I was thinkin’ maybe we can, uh, hang out? If you want, obviously—”
One angel blade ripped out from Cas’ palm was all it took. As soon as Dean freed her, Cas reached up with the hand, grabbed Dean by the collar, and yanked him down towards her. He shut his eyes immediately, curled over Cas, his face in her neck as Anna shrieked behind him, the room filled with light, and Alastair began roaring in pain.
They both held their breath, and the apartment was filled with the high pitched crying and hiccuping. Cas’ eyes went wide, and Dean’s heart pounded in his chest.
Dean raised a hand briskly and forced a smile onto his face. “Hi, Han. Uh, can I talk to Cas?”
Sometimes on the weekends, while Dean got to see Castiel at rehearsals and on evenings when the Duke didn’t require her for dinner, his angel would either disappear for doctor’s appointments—the reason for which Dean was still unsure—or would spend time with Claire.
spoken to her about a hookup last weekend that’d gone nowhere, but he hadn’t gone into details, still having felt too sore about it to divulge much.
“No,” Dean choked out, backing away from them into the hallway, slipping into shadows, wanting to run, ready to run.
Time was ticking for them.
Balthazar, poor bugger, still looked completely lost. He glanced between the Duke, who was waiting impatiently, and Castiel whose lips were opening and closing wordlessly.
As he turned the Impala into the road, Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Oh, please. If being a dick is all it took, every middle-aged white lady with a lemme-speak-to-your-manager haircut would be dropping dead in the streets from hernias.”
Cas’s breaths were loud in the small room.
Dean’s heart jumped a bit, when beautiful big blue eyes turned down to watch him. She was singing to him.
It was a stupid remark; of course Uriel was funny.
Castiel’s slow, knowing smirk had Sam stopping mid sentence. Quietly, she turned her head a bit and asked, “Do you believe everything demons tell you, Sam?
“I want to make things right with the angels,” Cas went on, her face taking on a very serious quality. Dean missed that face; that pinched, constipated face she made whenever she was thinking about Heaven. She glanced up at him, wincing. “I am the reason they walk the earth without purpose. I need to bring them back to Heaven and I can’t do that as a nanny. I...realised after the fight with the Zchitri that in battle or strategizing is where I belong. I’ll prove I’m a good human in other ways...”
Raphael was standing before them, receiving orders. Castiel shuddered.
been making heart eyes at her since she walked in, and we overheard your conversation with her in the service room tonight. There was a weird tension—”
Hannah scowled, breaking her intense concentration on navigating them around safely only to glance over her shoulder at them.
? That light was you?” Dean scoffed. “Lady, if that was your voice, you need a vocal coach ‘cause that was rough.”
“Demons can’t stand iron, Jimmy! Leave the fucking dresser and get over here—”
The basin was empty, and Dean set down the goblet, swaying a bit as power shook through him, making his skin feel like it was vibrating. His stomach felt swollen, filled with heavy fluid, but somehow, he was still starved. His hand thrumming and trembling, he raised a hand to his mouth, dragging his wrist across it. The edges of his vision were red and pulsing like an earthquake would make ripples in water. He shook his head to clear the redness, but it just seemed to get worse, closing in over his vision, pulling colour from the world.
“Is that lube?” Castiel blurted out, suddenly realizing what the small bottle was that Dean had put down on the table.
“Good. So you two get that stuff while Cas and I figure out sleeping arrangements now that it’s
“Dunno ‘bout that,” Dean whispered breathlessly, busying himself by taking a deep drink from the bottle and turning his face away. He reached up and brushed at his face, catching a tear drop before it hit his cheek. “I know the angels sure hate me.”
“We require your special skills,” Uriel replied with a smirk. “We’ve captured the demon Alastair and—”
At the back of the building, he saw it, the rear end of a black bus. With a rising feeling of panic in his chest, Dean picked up his pace, his thighs burning as he began to run. He made it around the back corner of the building before he was met with two raised guns pointed right at his chest.
Instead of barking, “Shut up, Cas!”, Dean promptly got sick a few more times, then wiped the tears from his eyes and the sweat on his upper lip with his wrist.
He couldn’t help it, he sounded a bit judgy. The apartment was smaller than the motel room he was staying in. The front door led directly into the kitchen, which was not so much a kitchen as it was a nook with a fridge, a stove, and a counter that had just enough room for a crappy looking toaster and a sink. The cabinets looked like they had been new...back in the sixties. From where he stood in her kitchen, he could see right into the living room, which was big enough for a small wooden table and two chairs, one couch, one small box TV, and a chipped Ikea table that passed as a coffee table. In the distance was a small hallway that led to the bedrooms and bathrooms, presumably.
As the doors slid apart, Dean held his breath, hoping he wouldn't find guards standing there. It was a bad gamble to make, but he was desperate. He wanted out. He wanted to get Cas out too.
Sam sensed it and gently asked, “Cas, do you...know of any nephilim in this universe?”
The boys all exchanged looks. Kevin narrowed his eyes at her. “Dean came up here not even ten minutes ago and told me he was supposed to meet with Castiel at eleven.”
“Boy, don’t even start with me, I will shove those four questions right up your—”
“But you’re out now,” Castiel countered, asking the question with a tilt of his head and narrowed eyes. “What’s the harm in seeing him? You said he was…’chill’.”
Quickly, she felt Anna’s cold fingers brushing her jaw, wiping the dampness away.
Castiel thought, hoping she’d suddenly developed telepathy.
“Don’t look so bummed, angel man, Beyonce and Co. isn’t on until later,” Uriel teased, smacking Castiel in the arm with his wallet. Pointing at a large crowd—or was it a long line—Uriel said, “Buy you a beer? Manson is on in twenty minutes and I need more alcohol in me to put up with your mean friend’s bitching.”
be about him. Rather, Castiel’s stomach twisted into knots, because he hadn’t meant to force this from Dean. He hadn’t meant to force him to bare all, or make him feel like he had to confess deep secrets. He hadn’t meant to strip away his defences. He’d always known, deep down, that Dean had troubles with his sexuality.
‘Leave her alone’ lasted about a day.
“Nothing,” she said quickly, becoming nervous as the space between them shrunk. “He just reminded me of my purpose. And,” she swallowed, looking like she was struggling, “I realised there wasn’t a good enough reason to leave.”
Together, they sighed, entirely happy.
Castiel broke his seduction for a moment to roll his eyes and look over his shoulder at the towering statue of Jesus Christ, hanging on a cross. He looked back at Dean, but pointed at Jesus.
His knees felt bruised as he pushed them onto the floor, compulsively reacting to the involuntary feeling of pushing. Days ago, he hadn’t even known he’d possessed this anatomy. Now, it was all he could feel. Arms, legs, his face, his skin, it all faded away and there as nothing but burning, pressure, and squeezing between his legs and in his lower back.
“You’ve defiled several people in t-that car, Dean. Myself included—ah!”
Although, judging by the look on Cas’ face, those words didn’t exist in Enochian either.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Dean greeted, kneeling down to get on eye-level with her. “What’s that?”
Dean’s smile quirked up a bit. “Sure. I gotta get over my shit eventually. I dunno—” Dean rubbed at his hair, his rings twinkling as the scene changed on TV. “Just talking with you just now… It was a step. I mean—” Dean’s hand dropped and he laughed. “—you mean a lot to me,
Dean walked back towards the car, and Castiel found himself mumbling choice words under his breath, watching Dean’s ass cheeks move up and down in turn as he walked, the strings from the rip in his jeans swaying against his thighs.
Dean hoped desperately that he didn’t look as red in the face as he felt. The water Cas was under was surely freezing, and he didn’t know how to tell Sam that the condensation dripping off the walls and leaving droplets all over the porcelain had nothing to do with a ‘hot shower’.  It had everything to do with the heat of their fevered bodies rutting against each other and their heavy, unsteady panting.
Dean watched her, too, for a second and then he swallowed audibly, asking the question he'd been dying to have answered since he met this graceless angel.
Castiel’s head jerked up, his eyes wide, confused.
“Why’d she take you, Cas?” Dean asked, trying to get Cas on track, and not let her slid into self-blame.
John rubbed at his mouth with his napkin and nodded, eyes still downturned. “Don't call me that. I’m your dad, not your boss.”
Sam stared at Dean from the doorway down the shining silver barrel of a gun, his eyes wide and his mouth dropped open in shock. He was approaching Dean slowly, like a monster on a hunt, like Dean was a monster he was hunting.
“No,” she replied softly. “They turn the moment they’re transplanted into the eggs and wrapped up. If you found them, you should have killed them. They weren’t children anymore, just hungry, bloodthirsty monsters. Vessels for fury, with a taste for blood and flesh.”
Dean felt Sam’s hand between his shoulder blades and drew a little bit of comfort from that. But he drew most of his comfort from the resolve in Castiel’s eyes.
“I make you nervous?” Zachariah repeated, and Dean almost rolled his eyes at the flattered tone in the pompous asshole’s voice.
“Thank you,” Castiel said quietly, accepting the beer and holding it firmly as Dean used a bottle opener on his key ring to pop off the top. “I’m not picky.”
Dean straighten up in his seat, alarm shooting down his spine. “Sleep? No, we gotta find Cas—”
There was a long silence. The room was cast into semi-darkness abruptly as Hannah called lights out from the corridor. The only light available was the light shining in from the grate in their cell door, and the fluorescent light shining into the cell from the bathroom, casting the dark room into hues of orange, brown, and black. Dean had forgotten to turn off the light.
Meg popped off his dick, her cheeks unhollowing and her mouth, now slick with lube, twitched up into a smile. “Quiet, Grace. Let me make this good for you.”
“We hadn’t noticed,” Cas murmured, shooting Sam a scowl.
“Jimmy would have,” Jamie murmured, raising her shoulder to catch the tear that slipped down her face. “He, um. He’d met Castiel before. Jimmy was supposed to be Cas’ vessel, I think. He was around when we were kids. I couldn’t see him, but Jimmy could. Some stuff happened and then…I guess Cas left. I don’t know, Dean. It’s a long story.
His hands clawed at Cas’ face and curled around his back, pawing at the damp shirt and slipping over the sweat-slicked stubble just before their lips were crashing together, faces pressed so tightly they’d probably bruise.
His blade was already sliding out of one angel by the time he swung it at the other one. The two screamed, but he squeezed his eyes shut to the blast of their grace past his face. It probably rumbled down the hallway, but all Dean was privy to was the feeling of the body sliding off his weapon and thudding to the floor to join its friend.
As soon as the cry escaped his lips, a lot of things happened at once. Dean threw himself on top of Cas, slapping a hand over his mouth, his chest sliding over cooling come on Cas’ back. Almost seconds after the sound, Hannah was yelling at them from down the hallway. It seemed almost too soon that she was at the door, banging on it with a baton.
Castiel wanted to die.
Dean looked up, aborting his movement to turn on the old, box set. He cleared his throat and nodded. “All right. Come have another beer with me, then.”
What the fuck was an omega? Dean knew he should ask, but he also felt, due to the clerk’s tone, that asking the definition of an omega was like asking what cheese was.
“I, uh…” Dean stomach did a flip, and then a squeeze. He felt hot very suddenly, very aware of the words he was about to say. But it was now or never. After swallowing, he lowered himself down beside her again, close this time. With their legs brushing, and hips pressed close, Dean raised his other hand ot her face and gave her a little shake. He smiled tightly, and murmured, “I love you, Cas. Like, deep, profound bond kinda love. The kind that’s kept me up all night for a year, and the kind that made us always come back to each other, even when we were both acting like brats. I just...really love you. Like, in-love kinda love. Always have. Wings or no wings. Baby or no baby. This past year has been...a fuckin’ flurry of bullshit that I created. But just know I never thought you weren’t worthy, or not good enough of a human or woman or whatever. I just…” He dropped one hand to his lap as Cas’ frowned lips deepened, and her eyes closed off. “I guess you don’t wanna hear that, huh?”
Just behind him, Dean chuckled. “Yeah. My mom and dad. They used to go to every freakin’ show they could. Met a bunch of celebs, were even friends with a few.”
fair that you’re turning it around on me now. Tell me the truth about why you left!”
“Shut up before we all get uninvited to the wedding!” Uriel snapped. “I’ve never been a best man before, and I’ll be damned if you take that away from me, Bradbury.”
“I have room in my bed for you,” Dean breathed with conviction. His hand slid up, palm pressed to the side of her warm cheek. “My bed and my library and my kitchen and my every-fucking-room-in-the-bunker for you. And if we shuffle some stuff around, we could fit a crib in there, right by our bed. And when Leia is is big enough, we can give her a room. Any room she wanted in that bunker. Please, Cas. Come with me. We're leaving tomorrow, right when I get out of here. Motel checks out at 12 and we’ll be on the road at 1. You could be at the bunker by tomorrow night."
Jamie stared at Dean, her entire body shaking. She saw his eyes shift and drift, and then widen.
Meg glared. “Well…now you know. And you know what? I was the one who made their love clear to the Duke. I wanted to tear them apart. But Castiel, she’s sick, and she deserving of happiness—happiness that your stupid brother can give her, clearly. I want her to have everything she wants… And she wants Dean.”
When she was gone, he inhaled a few times, finding himself a bit breathless, his lungs burning.
“You’re a demon,” Dean sneered into her face, allowing Sam and Kevin—and now Michael and Uriel—to yank him away, all eight hands pulling him easily back into his chair. “You’re unlovable, Meg. You’re evil, and horrible in every way. Castiel doesn’t love you because you’re a snake, you’re nothing but a—”
“Okay,” Castiel interrupted, waving Naomi towards the rock fields. “Let’s go before someone gets stabbed in the eye with one of those.”
Dean’s mouth dropped as he approached the commotion. He couldn’t decide where to rest his eyes at first. Balthazar looked ready to lunge at the police chief, Zachariah was standing beside him, silent but wearing a murderous look on his face, and Castiel was sitting on one of the chairs between them, her face dark and stormy.
stop looking. Obviously you had time to pump some serious iron. Where is my limp noodle of a brother? Did you eat him?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You a good actor?”
“That was rude,” Castiel admitted, snatching a small white napkin from the counter beside the limes to hand to Dean. “I-I’m—”
He thought that the night which had taken an upturn was now plummeting back down to an awkward mess, but when he looked up from the carpet which—oh God, Jack had indeed peed beside the laundry bin—Dean was standing in front of him, his fingers slow as they worked the top button of his pants open.
His voice had crackled and grown weak near the end. God, his heart couldn’t take any more bullshit, it couldn’t handle anymore ache and death and trauma.
BANG.
His thumbs brushed her cheeks, which was supposed to be a comfort, but Castiel wished he would let her go. His touch burned and left a bitter taste in her mouth. “You have led him on, Castiel. He is prideful, egotistical. You’ve humiliated him and now he will tear it all down unless you sleep with him tomorrow night, after the opening show. Castiel…you have to do this for Heaven. You’re the one to save the angels, to save—”
Dean.
Sam pressed his ear to the door too, barely making out any words, though he didn’t specifically hear anyone sounding angry. “I can hear Dean,” Sam murmured.
The Duke forgot all about his hasty exit and moaned while he kissed her back, hand dragging up her thigh as she lifted her leg and wrapped it around his waist. Castiel’s eyes remained open as she kissed the gross Duke and her hand behind his head gesture wildly to the door, basically telling Dean with one look to get out or she’d kill him and everyone he ever loved.
Oh no. Here came the social part. He’d said his name.
Dean blinked, his hands bunched in his coat falling in front of him, the material feeling heavy in his curled fingers. “Cas, I just—”
Castiel paled, remembering Sam leaving dinner abruptly on Friday after a call from Dean.
Castiel’s was unmoved, her eyes intense on his face. “I am not family like Sam is family, or Bobby, or Jody. And I am not a friend like that Charlie you reference, or Garth. I have fought against my feelings for you for years because it would be morally wrong--”
Sam glanced back up at the two men sitting in the warm room. His hand stilled. He watched them, their knees brushing under the table, Dean’s hand accidentally brushing Cas’ as they both reached to scroll the page.
“Come,” she whispered, leaning in, her lips barely touching his, only leaving a tingle as her hot breath danced over his lips. “I want to watch you.”
Dean made his deposit promptly, feeling fucking weird as he came into a tiny plastic cup. He felt weird twisting on the lid and he felt really, really weird handing it to some lady outside the door, as if she didn’t know what he’d done in there, or how fast he’d come.
“I love you, Jimmy Novak,” she whispered.
Dean did nothing else but nod and be appreciative of the night breeze blowing in through his windows, cooling the sensation of heat on the back of his neck.
, which I have discovered are shockingly few.”
Sure, Jamie had been a trooper, and she’d joked about wanting to be woken for sex, but Dean still felt messed up about sleeping with Cas in that state. It made him feel infinitely better to know Jamie was going to paradise, and Cas would be the only one home in her skin.
“I’ll catch up, I still have to label,” Daphne said quickly, obviously wanting Meg to shut up and go. “I’m just gonna let him go and then meet you.”
He stared up at Dean, while his hands stroked slowly, turning in opposite directions around Dean’s cock, now slippery with spit.
“And did what he did to yours and Sam’s lives?” Chuck finished with a hard wince. He glanced between the boys and muttered, “Er, sorry.”
For a moment, they stared at each other in the dark.
“What is happening?” Castiel breathed, faintly gesturing to the stage. “How did you… Are you asking me… I’m going to faint.”
“It’s cool, sunshine. Maybe others might complain, but I’m pretty okay with you napping on our date. Especially when it means I get to leer at you all sweaty and hot, laying there with your shirt off and your abs all shiny.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows as Cas’ blushed. “You got some wicked sex hair going on too.”
“Just say yes, just say you love me, Cas, please,” Dean whispered, his face so close. The hard edge to his voice was gone. He was pleading with her, ripped open and vulnerable before her. “This is the last time I’ll ask. I’ll...leave tonight. You say yes, and I’ll take you away from here.”
Sam went back to reading his fic. He missed the quick glance between Cas and Dean, and then their quick glances back down to the pages.
Disbelieving, Castiel shook his head slowly, sitting up on his elbow. “Were...Were you not really sick then?”
Castiel, who was staring dumb-founded at something over Dean’s shoulders. Cas, being addressed by his full name, pulled up his head and followed his doppleganger’s wide blue gaze locked on something gold and glowing…
“I deserve this,” Naomi admitted with a wince. “I know I do.”
Castiel leaned down and said, “I need love, too. I need
have chosen to serve us, so your powers will manifest in a very celestial way.”
Dean’s finger was still under his chin, but the touch was soft and his thumb was drawing soft patterns into his jawline. Castiel wondered if he should’ve shaved all the way down so that his skin was smoother to the touch. Damn. “Pardon me? Pretty shit at what?”
Castiel, on the other hand, perhaps did require a good massage by that hand in order to function.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once they were alone in the kitchen, Castiel dropped his bag onto the table and sat down in a wooden chair, gesturing for Sam and Dean to do the same.
Melting against him, their sweating skin sliding, from the crook of his neck, Cas shuddered and pressed his mouth against Dean’s shirt, nuzzling against his mate.
Her lips parted and he saw the gears turning in her head as she tried to come up with words. Then, with a tilt of her head, she asked suspiciously, “Me?”
Dean nodded, and Castiel turned away entirely. But before he could make it two steps, Dean’s hand was around his wrist, tugging him back. When he faced him, brows raised in surprise, Dean was staring at him, eyes searching his face, his mouth parted.
“That wasn’t me,” Castiel interrupted bluntly, eyes glancing over Dean’s shoulder to where the angels had taken Cas. “The other one… Are you all from another timeline?”
” he yelled over the music, perplexed.
Sam grumbled under his breath, releasing a string of expletives as he rubbed at his face with a tissue and climbed into the car.
“When did they pipe up?” Sam asked, leaning on the doorframe, Ruby’s stoic, unimpressed face peering into the foyer by his arm.
“You got clothing for Anna?” Sam asked, gesturing to the bag in Ruby’s hand.
Sam and Castiel stood together in the middle of the stage, hands on each others’ faces and foreheads pressed together. Castiel bit her lip, biting back a smile, while Dean straight out beamed at her from the side of the stage, their eyes meeting over Sam’s shoulder.
For a horrendous few moments, voluntary thought shut off as radiating pain shook through his vessel, making his hands shake. When the worst of it was over, Castiel forced himself to swallow a hefty breath and raise his head. He had to blink hard a few times to clear the noise from the edge of his vision, but as soon as he was able to, Castiel slid off the bed and crawled over to the corner at the end of his bed, beside the front door. It was one of the few places in the room that wasn’t easily seen from the slot in the door. It was the only privacy he was afforded.
,” he did a little shimmy and brushed his molars, pausing to add, “
Sam’s big hand flopped out of the open driver’s seat window, his face long as he scoffed, his mouth dropping open.
He knew the first time could be uncomfortable, he’d been there before, on all fours, unsure what felt normal and what didn’t. He knew he’d done all he could—spent time preparing, loosening him up, getting him used to the feeling. He’d used enough lube to slide them across the city, and now he was only moving when told.
Dean glanced at Bobby, only to find him smiling a bit at the floor, a weird expression on his face that Dean had never seen before.
“Hannah? But she never told me…”
Dean felt dizzy as he thumped down the stairs, his hand tight on the railing. Sam was tugging off his touque and throwing his jacket onto a hook behind the door.
Dean groaned as Castiel was tugged away, her hair spinning over her shoulder as Charlie manhandled the costume over her arms.
Sam looked at Dean with confusion, but he was grinning, seemingly amused by their potentially-drunk new friend. Dean shook his head and rubbed his eyes while Sam turned back to the band of misfit theatre people and said, “You…wouldn’t know where I could start looking for something, right?”
Dead. Strewn across the living room by demons like livestock at the slaughter.
“Who?” he whispered, leaning in, his heart slamming against his chest cavity.
He had been so sure that Castiel was feeling something for him, but now, as he sipped free whiskey from Ellen at the end of the bar, he wondered if it was all just wishful thinking.
“I’m sor—”
She panted against his mouth when they broke apart for air, and moaned when he tangled his fingers in her damp mane of brown thick hair. Her arms were around his shoulders when he let go of her hair and instead grabbed her legs, pulling her strong, muscular thighs up around his waist. With a grunt, he hoisted Castiel off the ground by her ass, and caught her by the legs, the other arm snapping up to throw around her waist. Her lips were on his again, this time accompanied by a smooth, warm tongue that ran over his lips and caressed his own in the hot space their mouths made.
Cas pressed his fingers into his eyes and rubbed at them. “Fine. I’m fine.”
When there was one heavy thump and the light stopped shining through Dean’s eyelids, he slowly opened his eyes.
“Hide!” Castiel whispered roughly, gripping him by the shoulder and dragging him back to the bed.
The three of them came to a stop outside a barbershop. Among certifications and health inspection documentation, a business license, a rainbow sticker, and the shop's name, there were other signs; ‘
“Oh my god,” Dean cried out, giving up on trying to close the drawer. He yanked at the contents inside, throwing handfuls of panties onto the bed -- where, coincidentally Cas was sitting. Cas got approximately eight panties to the face.
“If we kill him, Samuel won’t help us,” Castiel argued, seeming to lose her patience. Her eyes flashed and her jaw jumped.
Abruptly, she pushed his hand away from her face and she stepped into the corridor with one foot, beginning her escape. “The truth?” she asked, gesturing between them. “The truth is, this has all been fake. What happened between us was just me, killing time—charity orgasms, remember? So I could tolerate the Duke for six months, but I don’t think I need help tolerating him anymore. He’s going to help make me a star, he has plans for me. He’s already booked me for more shows after Supernatural.”
“Then you don’t get a gun.”
A muscle jumped in Sam’s jaw at the low blow, but he shoved his hands in his pockets, aborting his trek to where his sweatpants flopped over the back of a chair. “Don’t be an asshole, that’s not cool.”
Undoubtedly, Castiel had said, ‘I’m fine’. Charlie knew her well enough to know that Castiel’s catchphrase was ‘I’m fine’.
“You make it sound very vapid, Dean.”
“You think I’ve been with someone I loved as much as...as I, y’know—” Dean shrugged his shoulders, nodding his chin towards Castiel. Idiot angel still didn’t get it. “You think I’ve ever felt this way about anyone else? Cas, you’re a moron.”
“Hurry.”
He was an omega. He’d been in heat.
Maybe she missed the point, or the growl in his tone, or the fact that he hadn’t entirely forgiven her, but Naomi’s lips parted into a smile and a tear rolled down her cheek. “Thank you,” she breathed, sniffling. “I will do that. I will.”
“NO!” Dean screamed, reaching out for Cas.
Kevin snorted, pulling away from the curtain, still waving around Raphael’s gun. “He screamed at Naomi and Balthazar in front of everyone, said he was leaving, that he was done with Heaven. Stomped out like the big toddler he looks like!”
Again, Naomi just gaped before finally choking out, “But
“Don’t make this difficult,” she whispered, and Dean froze when he heard her voice go high like she would cry. He’d never seen so much as a tear fall from her eye, so he was suddenly gripped with guilt and shock at the sight of her eyes glistening. “Please leave me alone. I’m-I’m entangled with Heaven. I have obligations to this place. I—”
Sam | 12:43am (October 21st, 2019): WAIT. NO
“Adam,” Dean breathed, before he and Sam pushed through the group towards the newcomer.
“A play?” Sam asked, eyes widening and taking on a curious quality. Dean scowled at him, knowing full well what Sam was thinking.
“So no monsters,” Dean clarified, pointing at the gun hung over the threshold to the kitchen.
“I won’t be out for long. I’m starved, just gonna eat fast and come back,” he said, sweeping past Sam.
“I felt his death, too,” she hissed. “He was ours, after all.”
Angels around them cried out, while both Kevin and Sam lunged towards them, their hands on Dean’s arms before he had a chance to do anything he’d regret.
And with that, she flew off, too far away for Dean to feel the warmth from her wings.
“My name is Castiel,” it replied, tilting its head a bit. “I am an angel of the Lord.”
By the time Sam returned with a bottle of water purchased from the small corner store across the street, Cas had laid down to recover from nearly being cooked from the inside out. Not wanting to wake him, muttering something about heat fatigue and ‘the smell’ that’d gone away mysteriously, Sam had rationalized that suppressants could wait until tomorrow.
originally been planning on leaving Ann Arbor after the hunt to respect Cas’ wishes. But now that he knew that Leia was his…
Dean watched Castiel’s shaking hand come up and reach under his shirt. A breath punched out past Dean’s lips involuntarily, a gut reaction to seeing his old amulet swinging from a thin chain around Castiel’s neck.
Castiel’s grip on the chains tightened and he bared his teeth again. “And I suppose you believe the angels’ plans to rape their way in to a new generation is just?”
Had they ever had free will?
The men in front of them dispersed. Dean was faced with a scowling receptionist who looked frazzled. Her eyes kept glancing at the armed women on either side of her booth and stare at them with suspicion. She looked like she hadn’t necessarily signed up for this when she’d taken her job.
“Dean…”
Opening her eyes, Cas blinked, and raised her gaze from her daughter. Her face, which had softened as she spoke, hardened again. “Never mind. I don’t want to burden you with my struggles. They’re not your concern. Give my daughter to me.”
she asked in curious whisper. She narrowed her eyes a bit like she was squinting to find something in his eyes. Dean’s heart thundered under her gaze and he felt vulnerable all of a sudden, like she could read his thoughts. Then, in the most perfect way she said like a revelation, “
Ignoring him, Sam tapped once on the keyboard and turned the laptop towards Dean, pointing. “Got it. It’s about an hour away.”
Cas took a moment to inhale deeply, and he raised his hand to rub at his stomach before he carried on loudly, brows raised and eyes diverted to the table. “Human prayers for love, for companionship were always particularly heavy around this time. It was our cupids’ busiest time of year. However, I suspect, with no Heavenly Host to provide guidance, we may indeed have a rogue running amok.”
Sam spun around and threw them a bitch face summoned from the depths of Hell. He grasped the door handle and spat, “Tag your fucking porn!
Hannah shifted her feet and cleared her throat. “Nothing I can’t handle, Naomi.”
“For the first time,” Cas murmured, eyes darting across the features of Dean’s face, “I’m happy I was wrong.”
Someone up here
Why would you do that? Do you know how dangerous he is?
Just like when he’d arrived on Castiel’s property, he was lost on what to say, where to start first.
“It’s fine,” Cas said, unfolding himself and shaking out a pair of black trousers, eyeing them for suitability. “My genitalia is covered, which is what matters. That’s what you always told me, anyway.”
. Nothing says ‘fuck you’ like pretending you haven’t read an email.”
“Are you straight?”
“Thanks,” Sam murmured, nodding and looking away. He stared hard at the handle of the fridge.
“What?”
“In Hell,” Dean explained, “they tortured us...the, uh, new souls. They did stuff to us… I’m not gonna get into that, but it was everything you probably imagine and then more. Like, dark and fucked up and twisted kinda-more.” He shook his head, his chest rising and falling slowly as he took a deep breath. “They poked, and prodded, and they cut. And when you refused to scream, they’d do it more, they’d do it worse. But if you screamed, they’d laugh. The louder you screamed the more they laughed. It was…” Dean laughed bitterly. “...it was Hell.”
Naomi tilted her head, and her brows knitted together. “Where? In your universe? What do you have there now without the Winchesters?”
Dean didn’t deserve this; the clothes removed from a box, laid in careful, neat piles on his bed. He didn’t deserve he turned down covers, the clean towel around his waist, nor did he deserve the red firetruck. Dean didn’t deserve any of this shit; he was an abomination, he was a freak. He deserved to be down in Hell.
Despite the fact that Cas hadn’t answered him, Dean just knew he was here.
“It’s going to be so fun to kill Stevie in front of you,” the monster hissed, walking in front of them, pacing in the space between their feet and the cave wall. “I’ve been teetering between gutting her then decorating this cave with her insides, or setting her on fire...much like you did with my children.”
Dean’s heart ached under their hopeful, but anxiety-ridden stares. He shook his head and smiled gently, “No sir, no ma’am. Nothing yet. But I feel like we’re close…”
Dean opened his mouth and considered answering, but he knew something rude would come out instead, so he dragged his wide, incredulous eyes away from the terrible writer and just focused on Sam and lady-Ash.
“I want you to tell me you love me again,” Cas murmured, eyes fluttering like he was anticipating Dean would say this was all a joke and run off.
“That’s where she’ll be?” he asked quietly.
“Oh my god,” Dean said, snatching his hands away from Castiel and his brother. He threw his hands in the air and glared at Sam. “You kidding, man? Don’t you think we got bigger fish to fry?”
Castiel almost replied, but once again, he was speechless. He could only nod.
He had to get away from Sam. He could hardly make eye contact with him after, knowing that he felt powerful instead of entirely disgusted with himself. The disgust was there, but the sense of satisfaction was stronger. He wrote a note while Sam was in the shower, and he high-tailed it out of there.
“You writers sit too much,” Castiel murmured, her blue eyes flicking away from the sunset to Dean’s legs, then up to his face. “You’re going to get flabby.”
“Thank you,” Dean breathed. “Thank you, Cas. I—”
“Lies,” Balthazar hissed, stopping in front of her, so close he could whisper and still be loud. His eyes swept her face, narrowed and accusing. “Hannah has been missing, too. Tell me the truth.”
“Dean, I’m serious.”
Mom would be home soon with Dad, and then they’d start getting the barbeque ready for Sam and Jess to come over. And Sam’s dog—how could Dean leave out that ridiculously dumb but happy pooch? It drooled like someone hung a steak over its head at all times, but damn, was it ever endearing with its infinitely wagging tail and goofy fumbling gait.
The heartache Dean felt was unprecedented as he watched her turn around and leave, feeling like he lost something he’d never even had.
Dean jumped as someone dropped down into the seat beside him, their footsteps seemingly hidden as they were in sync with the music.
Sam was quiet on the other end. Then, in a murmur, he admitted, “Look, I’m hurt by what was said, too. But we’re brothers, we’re supposed to stick together.”
His hair was wilder, a bit longer, and he had the shadow of overgrown stubble on his jaw. He wielded a gun, not a blade, and he wore a bulletproof vest over dark clothing instead of a trenchcoat and blue tie, but fuck, it was him. It was
At the utterance of her nickname, she turned her face towards him, just enough to vaguely catch him in her peripherals. She stared at his lamplight, her eyes looking far away.
“Say His name!”
“Sounds great,” Dean said, swallowing the appetizer. “Makes sense. They—” Everyone shook their heads. Dean felt a bit sick. “—have access to everything in here… Including the food.”
Castiel’s heavy breathing filled the room as he struggled to get a grip, but the pain, it was searing. He was dizzy and felt weak, his chest aching in a way that was crushing. He reached up and wrapped his finger around the cupid’s wrist.
Sam shut the door behind him and followed Dean down the stairs.
"I haven't seen Bobby in quite some time. Ellen and her girl neither," Missouri said softly, glancing between them and smiling softly. "I know Bobby and Ellen will be touting your father's greatest hits. I know you both used to love those stories, Dean. Would you like to come?"
“Well, I do have a sharp pain in my ass from this job,” Uriel offered with an exaggerated shrug. “But I don’t know if it’s the shitty computer chair, my occasional sciatica, or Zachariah himself. Willing to bet on the latter, though. Any health and safety suggestions?”
He laid on his back, staring at his pointer finger, and occasionally brushing his thumb over it to rid the skin of chalk. Dragging his finger through the sigils that separated him from Lilith had been nerve-wracking to say the least. But the anxiety was under control because he had a plan. The dull glow of sun shone over his face as it began to rise behind Chuck’s house. It cast the living room in a soft orange.
“Yes.”
The man licked his dry lips and tugged a hand from his pocket, gesturing vaguely at Dean, his fingers uncurled and loose, but his shoulders tight. Cas’ lips parted and his teeth bared for a moment, pressed together tightly.
Hurt, and angry, but alone and determined, Dean shut off his phone and tossed it aside. With that, he threw the car into drive and pulled back on the road, heading towards the church where he’d kill Lilith on his own, even if it meant doing it pumped full of demon and angel blood.
“Okay,” Dean nodded.
an angel, before. Before I was born from my parents. I...I remember ripping out my grace.”
Dean’s eyes stung. “You’ve been feeding information to my brother.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas said quickly, though his eyes lingering over Dean’s chest and shoulders, his hand shaking as he ran it down his own chest. “It’s just...when I’m human, and I let my thoughts turn to you, it goes to… I can’t help it, it seems.”
“The yellow eyed demon might’ve left me alone, he might’ve moved on,” Mary spoke softly. “But I saw you, Dean. I hid for a moment, I was trying to assess the scene, trying to figure out how to save you from this intruder...but then I saw him bend over and offer you his wrist.”
As days turned to weeks, more often than not, he failed.
Dean rolled his eyes, but smiled anyway, unable to help himself. “All right, give it here.”
Shrugging off Sam’s hand, Dean trudged forward to clean Cas’ blood off the floor.
They’d aim directly for the heart with their blades, no doubt.
Dean followed, wiping at his mouth with a shaking hand, and noticed that Sam hadn’t disputed his words.
“You get used to it,” Mary finally said, tapping her fork on the edge of her plate. “It was weird at first, almost boring. But your father and I spent a lot of time together. Just enjoyed getting to know each other all over again—”
Jokes. Right. “I get jokes,” Castiel blurted out.
“I do,” Dean agreed, licking his lips. “But I promise, if you come with me, I’ll make sure you never go hungry, or feel lost, or alone. You’ll be warm, and not poor anymore, and you’d have a big bunker to raise Leia, and I’ll be a good dad, I fuckin’ swear. My dad was a piece of shit, so I basically have a manual of ‘what not to do’.”
Dean took the pen she offered him and frowned. “Income level?” he parroted. “What the hell does that have to do with the strength of my swimmers?”
“Metatron. He’s a terrible writer,” Kevin hissed, glancing up at the ceiling. “If you could just sit in on the scene we’re working on—”
The room remained silent. Castiel looked around, seeing some men staring at Dumah and her fellow guards with the same calibre of hatred that Dean harboured for them, while others looked nervous or scared. Many eyes were downcast to their untouched plates.
“Hell yeah, brother,” Dean murmured. With that, he extended a fist.
With a wave of his hand, Dean murmured gruffly, picking himself up off the floor. “Forget it. Everyone get out of my way, I need an Advil and a mickey of something strong.”
Buttons skipped over the floor, bouncing on the dirty tile and rolling until they clinked into the rotted baseboards after Cas—or was it Dean?—ripped Cas’ shirt clean open, tearing the white shirt that Cas had always kept so pristine. The second the flushed skin of Cas’ chest was exposed, Dean dragged red trails into his neck and down into the soft dip of his shoulder until his teeth sunk into Cas’ exposed throat.
Her blue eyes turned up to meet his playful green ones as he curled a knuckle under her chin and tilted it up.
“Been breaking my bones all my life, chuckles,” Dean growled. “You don’t scare me.”
Jimmy went on anyway, running his wrist under his nose, trying obviously not to cry. “I waited. When I turned 18, I figured, ‘I’m an adult now, where is Cas?’, but Cas never came. I think I fucked up,” her brother said bitterly in a rare show of cursing. “I think I turned my back on Heaven, Jamie. And I’m scared I won’t get in anymore, to Heaven, that is. Amelia and Claire will go to Heaven, and I’ll be barred because I turned my back on an angel.”
“What?” Sam asked, slowly getting to his feet.
Dean blushed as he started the car, glancing over at her, trying to stay cool. “That’s
Castiel’s head jerked towards Dean and he was surprised to see shock in her face. “How do you know about that?”
Before he knew what was happening, Dean was on his stomach on the ground, face pressed into the cement. His hands were being restrained and he felt a throbbing pain from his kidney, where one of their knees was holding him down.
“Ask,” Uriel snorted. He shook his head, throwing a side-eye at Cas before he turned to Dean and leaned forward in the back seat. “We’re not here to ask anything. We’re here to tell.”
(See the end of the chapter for
,” Sam vocalized for them both.
“Uh,” Dean said smartly.
Instead, he turned his eyes to Daphne, who had become the embodiment of pain and shame.
“Yeah.” Kevin shrugged. “We heard Raphael was going around looking for you. Meg said he was gonna ‘take you out back and bury a bullet in your brain’—her words, not mine,” Kevin added, when Dean’s eyes went wide. “Anyway, we all went looking for him. Turns out the glorified hitman was trying to sneak up onto the fly tower to get a good shot at you from above—”
“What are you doing?” Castiel demanded in a woosh of breath, looking down through the messy waves of hair down her front to watch her blood pool into the container. It didn't go unnoticed how Uriel’s hand dragged up her thigh as he stood up, faces inches from hers.
“Seems unfair,” Castiel murmured, glaring down the white, narrow hallway from the examination rooms.
is a Bloody Mary,” Uriel countered, pointing and raising his dark eyebrows at her. “You can pour as much clam water and pickle juice as you want in there, girl, but it’s a damn Bloody Mary.”
“Very well.” she breathed. “But we will begin your purification another time. My garrison waits. They wonder where I’ve gone. I’ll...return again soon.”
Naomi looked as surprised as Castiel had felt when Hannah made the initial suggestions. “What…? Why would she want
After taking a moment to stare at the spinning ceiling fan over their heads for a few turns, Castiel murmured, “No, he’s not. Hence why I’ve had to replace the carpet. He’s a puppy, Naomi. He’s still learning.”
“Before, early on when Lucifer had made one of his first attempts to convert Sam, Dean had made one of his quippy barbs--one of the things I was fond of the most, even though it took me years to appreciate it. He’d—” Cas laughed a bit, dipping his head, long brown hair flopping onto his forehead. His laugh lines deepening around his mouth, Cas rasped and did finger quotes over the railing, “He’d told Lucifer he was nothing more than ‘some cartoon villain’ who ‘twirled his douchey moustache and tied damsels to train tracks’, he told him that...that he wasn’t scared of him.”
“I don’t understand,” Gadreel said slowly, looking between them.
With a small gasp, Pam stared at Anna in awe. “You can hear angels? You can hear their voices?”
Thunder crashed above them as Castiel nodded, fresh tears pouring down her face.
me in return some day. And...that’s wrong.”
and Castiel desperately hoped he smelled okay, too.
“Despite it’s message,” Sam murmured, “there isn’t anything of ours missing. I think it came here to grab one of us to use as bait to lure the other. I think it knew we were separated.”
She could hear Jimmy pacing and bursting through doorways in her apartment. She could picture him so easily opening and closing cupboards because he didn’t know what to do. He’d done that when his first girlfriend had broken up with him at Jesus Camp and when he’d failed his first physics exam in the ninth grade.
“Okay,” Castiel repeated, her voice tinged with annoyance. “Where are we going?”
“I… Yes,” Castiel whispered, reaching up with his free hand to wipe his wrist under his nose. With a broken little laugh, he breathed, “I think you’re right.”
Look around quickly and seeing no one of importance, Dean took her by the hand and tugged her into an alcove beside the door, pushing her up against the stone, hidden between a L-shaped wall of cold rock and another glass wall looking into Heaven. He captured her lips hungrily, tangling his fingers into her hair.
Castiel shuddered as pain coursed in waves from between his legs and up through his torso, his abdomen cramping, his legs trembling. He saw a few other men walk past him to the door, their legs trembling too. He thought they were going to leave him there, shaking on the floor at Abba’s feet, when he looked up to see Winchester kneeling beside him, tugging at his arm with both hands.
“I really like you, too,” Castiel replied easily, pleasantly surprised at the lack of absolute terror in his chest. He might’ve never admitted it if Dean hadn’t first, but now that he felt he had license to do so and knew the sentiment was returned, telling Dean how he felt was easy.
The power of grace inside of him made Sam shake. Anna rolled down her sleeve, the cut in her arm healing, the residual blood he’d messily got on her skin evaporating. She was healed, and he had a stomach full of angel blood.
Sam’s face did not.
“You said you want to sleep,” Castiel said. “I’m sure you’re heartbroken, you’re mourning, and I understand that you probably just want to be in bed—”
“They create their own destiny, the angel picks free will. They turn away from destiny. They make it up as they go,” Castiel affirmed.
Sam spent the entire evening with his nose buried in a book. Around seven, Dean watched his brother nod off into a book, and he didn’t blame him. They hadn’t slept in nearly a day and a half. Still, where Sam was exhausted, Dean was alert. His very bones hadn’t stopped thrumming since he’d seen Cas, and the adrenaline from the hunt hardly left room for tiredness.
An unpleasant smell wafted from within the room, and immediately, she knew.
For a breathless moment, Dean thought she’d see him and hightail away, but to his surprise, Cas didn’t notice him and instead, walked off the trail, trudging through the grass and disappearing behind a large willow tree that hung over the lazy river.
His light shuddering turned into full-on shaking as the night grew colder and the crowd disappeared. To stave off the shudders, he walked up and down the street, checking his watch. Then, at the right time, he doubled back and slipped up the side alleyway to Heaven.
trying to gain the affections of the most unattainable woman in this place?
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, he moved his hand holding the half-filled water bottle behind his back. Dean seemed to catch it anyway, and his eyes flickered up from it to Castiel’s face, his pouty lips tugging up on one side. “I was gonna do the same. Kinda boiling under the sun here. I could do with a walk through those misting tents; mind if I come with?”
Naomi continued on, gently petting her hair, her blue eyes shadowed under furrowed brows. “Of this torture room you will remember pain and you will know you’ve been punished, although of me you will remember nothing. I do guarantee, however, that you will leave with a sense of obedience.”
But Daniel reached up and stopped her, grasping her bloody beige sleeve and pulling her close.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greeted, his bow-legged stride doing something suspect to Castiel’s knees. With nothing but ease in his shoulders—perhaps Dean had already had a few drinks—he wiggled two bottles in the air and extended one to Castiel. “You want one? Come on, man, drink the sewer sludge with us heathens.”
Dean opened the door and stepped away, smirking. “Guess you’re not the only one with secrets. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
poke out from the bottom of the shorts.
Uriel | 8:42 (October 20th, 2019): I’m on in 30 secs. Go give Dean all three inches, big boy. Make me proud
“You couldn’t just use your words?” Dean snarled, stepping towards Cas, though Zachariah held out an arm to stop him.
They both relaxed when Hannah’s footsteps disappeared down the corridor. Dean released a long breath and let his hand slid away from Cas’ mouth. He melted down into Cas, leaning heavily on his back, letting his face bury into his shoulder.
Eventually, he got up.
“You’re Fallen.”
With his heart pounding and the sound of his pulse in his ears, Dean leaned down, reached forward, and swiped through the blood with his finger, raising it to his lips.
They left, disappearing into the main hallway. Dean and Castiel sat alone in the kitchen.
To his surprise, she was watching Dean while she stroked Castiel, her face looking defeated, her mouth open and eyes open in realization. When she looked back towards Castiel, she stared up at him with the air of someone who was broken, and sorry, and wanted forgiveness. She also looked quickly over at Dean before returning her gaze onto Castiel, and suddenly Cas realised that she knew. She knew what just transpired between him and Dean. She’d put the pieces of the puzzle together, noticed the meaningful holding of their gaze.
“Love?” Castiel whispered in surprise. “No, I don’t do love. They’re right; I can’t.”
Everyone tilted their chins down as she tugged a key-fob hanging off a lanyard from her pocket.
“You want to recover?” she asked, as if the revelation was a shocker.
that he is using you, Castiel.” Her voice was rising, her light eyes wide as she shook her phone at him. “Proof that he doesn’t love you like you love him, that he doesn’t even
Inside, a few women and older men sat on stools, looking bored and stoic, snapping on gloves and arranging cups, bottles, and other instruments on a small stainless steel tray on wheels. In front of each of them, separated by only a few feet, were shackles hanging from the ceiling and from the floor. Five stations, five sets of shackles, five facility workers, five men being herded into the room at gunpoint. Each of the facility workers had a small murky glass of water and a small brown pill in their hands, held out.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, before sighing heavily. “Dean is very handsome. When I thought
Castiel’s smile drifted off his lips as Dean’s tone changed; it was serious, the lighthearted chuckle absent from his confession.
Dean was patient, sitting still, staying quiet as Castiel fought an internal battle. He knew it was idiotic to lie to Dean. He no longer had his grace; he couldn’t just flee when he didn’t feel like talking. Still, it was hard to speak suddenly—the air in the room felt thick. Castiel was tugged from the dark, lonely place in his own mind when rough fingertips slid across the table and pressed against the back of his hand.
“It’s not ‘bullshit’,” Cas repeated, although the word sounded odd on her tongue. She paused, then pushed on, sounding frustrated. “What she may or may not have heard is yet to be determined, but she cannot fall into Hell’s clutches, or the efforts to thwart the seals will be revealed, and many of Heaven’s secrets may be in jeopardy of discovery. We simply cannot afford this, we--”
Jimmy seemed to buy it. He nodded and wiped at his face with his t-shirt, giving his head a shake, brown fringe falling against his forehead. “Yeah, of course. Thank…Thank you.”
“You’re possessing some poor girl?” he whispered, eyeing her form guiltily.
Sam and Dean stopped only to pick up food, clothes, and toiletries from a bite-sized Walmart—the seemingly only perk to this stupid world—because even if they didn’t have A/C or electricity, they had running water and they both needed showers. Sam was still wearing the bloody clothes from yesterday. That’d earned them a few odd looks on the bus ride home, though Sam hardly noticed with his nose stuck right in that biology book again, his face twisted in disturbed fascination.
Cas huffed, but her lips twitched up in the corner. “Yes. In more ways than just paying bills. I intend on raising Leia to be an excellent human, and helping the angels
It took guts to ask, for some reason. The beer and tequila helped, but he felt nauseous from the smoking. Or the crushing rejection and heartache—one of those.
It was going to break her to leave, and it was going to break him to make her.
Dean mimicked them under his breath, “
Dean blinked his eyes open and raised his hands to his sides like he didn’t know what to do with them. He looked perplexed. Turning to follow Castiel around the car, Dean asked, “Turn off the water? Why? Dude, that can wait—”
Castiel’s laugh—which Dean now recognized as fake—rung out and she waved a hand at Balthazar. “Balthazar, there is no need to pretend anymore. Our dear Duke has met the creative team and the
She did not want Steve to let her know if he needed anything else. She was done in fifteen minutes. If Steve called again, that was potentially another fifteen minutes on top of that, and she really didn’t want to stay late on a Friday when a few cigarettes and a stiff drink at the club were waiting for her later.
Dean smiled sadly. “Little birdies.”
“Dude, time is weird up here,” Dean went on, still on the time-thing. “I can’t figure it out.”
Sam didn’t know how Bobby could stand it.
He felt the impulse to hug her, which was ridiculous. Ridiculous and also physically impossible. Between super-charged, twelve-orgasms-in-one-go sessions with Meg and Abba, feeling sick from the bulking smoothie, and sleeping on what was essentially a yoga mat, Cas was having trouble walking on his own.
“We were hoping,” Castiel admitted, and her voice took on that smooth, sultry tone that she’d used on Dean earlier. “That we could count on your support to move the production forward. You see, the entire thing is very elaborate and expens—”
While his legs shook from the feeling and his cock leaked all over the touch screen, Dean’s grip on his shoulder tightened and he slowly began to move, pulling out incredibly deliberately, before plowing forward, their flesh clapping.
“I was getting settled in my humanity. Jack had just removed my grace and I...wanted to be alone in the house to recalibrate who I was.”
“From the moment I touched you,” she breathed, though a pin could be heard dropped in the theatre. “I was lost.”
It was a little heartbreaking to hear Dean chuckle tiredly. “Dude, who is it that you’re falling so hard for, huh? Anyone I know?”
dragging down the evening.”
Cas froze, teeth still firmly clasped around the hem of some lime green panties.
Dean could practically hear Bobby’s moustache twitching over the phone.
because of you, don’t you ever forget it—”
This was all on Dean, and he was making this choice because he was free to do so. He could turn around and walk away and not have to do this, but he fucking wanted to.
What did you think of this chapter? Please leave me a comment and let me know! Comments make my heart sing. <3
Within that month, quite a few things happened. Specifically, fifteen rehearsals, twelve new scenes, eleven late night visits, four noise complaints from Dean’s neighbours, and twenty-four of Castiel’s delightful orgasms, seven of which were very aggressive and wet; wet, but incredibly hot and very welcome.
Again, there it was; that little smile that broke the ice in Castiel’s eyes and instantly warmed up her face. It was such a lovely, peculiar little smile, like all of her features were apologizing for being genuinely touched or amused.
“I mean, if you don’t wanna talk about it, it’s cool…” Jamie licked her dry lips and cleared her throat, watching the TV set with eyes that weren’t seeing the show at all. “I wanted to ask you about those angels, um, from when you were a kid?”
Sam sighed on the other line, his voice tinny over the phone. “Good news and bad news. Which do you want first?”
He hummed deeply, the sound vibrating in his chest, when Dean finally tilted his head back and groaned in obvious pleasure, his breath coming out in puffs and pants. Castiel’s thrusts were met with the curl of Dean’s spine as he rocked back on his hands and knees. They fucked, although carefully, and eventually Dean’s hand lifted from the mattress to disappear between his own legs, his biceps flexing as he jerked himself off.
“Andi,” Dean whispered. “What about Andi?”
‘Embarrassed’ wasn’t the word Dean would’ve used for the knot in his stomach that’d come with the initial shock of seeing the visage of Cas kissing someone else.
“Hi,” Dean replied in a whisper, licking his lips, and raising his hand to his hair, touching it. He was dry, sober, clean, calm. “Uh, thanks.”
Sam cleared his throat. “Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I’m sorry we stabbed you.”
Naomi seemed to forgive Castiel readily enough for leaving the Jewel show a blasphemous fifteen minutes early, but when it came to helping him pick out an outfit for the upcoming Tool show, she was suspiciously too busy.
He didn’t say it out loud. It did not do him good to dwell on hope.
Entirely out of breath, his jaw aching, Dean lifted himself to his knees and gasped, “You okay?”
Finding his voice, pulling it up from whatever recesses it had retreated to in his chest, Castiel croaked, “What now? What do we—”
“Get your hands off me!” Dean yelled at his brother and friends, jerking his shoulders and biceps from their tight grips. “I’m leaving.”
Sam followed her gaze, and found himself staring at Zachariah, who was every shade of purple, and wringing his hands in his lap as he glared at Dean.
Chuck nodded. “We gotta get to Dean. We gotta stop him before they tempt him with the blood. If he’s strong enough to kill Lilith than we’re fucked.”
“I’ll have to keep trying then,” Dean laughed, low and deep. “Am I safe to assume you won’t be charging me for your time tonight?”
Quietly, her breath against his chin, she whispered, “If you need help with the darker, more lustful scenes, I can be of assistance to you. I’m sure if we work together, we can come up with some vivid scenes that may appeal to our regular audience, Dean-o.”
“Oh, jeez, fine!” Jaime yelled, throwing up her hand, waving her wine glass around in annoyance. “You make it sound like I’m tweaked out all the time even though I do some harmless drugs once every month or two. If it makes you feel better, I won’t do any drugs tonight, and I’ll drink responsibly, so I can come keep you company at your daughter’s birthday tomorrow. I don’t know why you want me to come all alert and stuff, you know perfectly well that you and I will just end up hiding in the den upstairs eating birthday cake and watching Cops re-runs.”
Castiel didn’t want to talk anymore. He felt sick. The rest of the food on his plate got finished, but very slowly and painstakingly. He should’ve asked his roommate's name or said anything else really, but a strange black cloud of defeat and emptiness hung over his head. It felt strangely like fear, like hopelessness.
From the hand on his hair, he felt the cool sensation of healing. His flesh knit and the hot blood on his legs seemed to evaporate. Sweat left his skin and he felt his hair dry against his temples. For a moment, he felt well, and clean, and himself.
The angels up on stage reached out to her, pulling themselves close, arms and hands wrapping themselves around her legs, like they were in worship. Some even lay at her feet as she came to a stop, tilting her head back, blue eyes surveying the crowd. “
Unmated what? Dean had been referring to the dude who looked like he was two seconds from dropping a newborn from between his legs, but apparently that wasn’t shocking to Gothic Jeeves, so Dean had no choice but to assume that, yes, it was normal.
“Listen, I think your hands are washed now, buddy—”
“Aww,” Dean chuckled, reaching up to ruffle the hair at the crown of Cas’ head, making the wild, piecey hairstyle even more of a mess.
Around them, Dean heard cast and crew begin to recognize him, their murmurs rising even over the clapping of the crowd that announced the end of the scene.
unsavory omega spreads his legs for any alpha with a sharp jawline and a big knot. I’m surprised this is his first time carrying a child, though I suppose the near bulk amount of birth control I provide him usually does the trick.”
“Dean,” she whispered, breathing fast, her face flushed and shiny. “Dean...I…”
After his talk with Dean, Castiel still hasn’t been sure if they’d resolved one point of contention: the secrecy of their relationship. As Sam and Hannah arrived at the apartment, there had been a flurry of emotions; Hannah had run into his arms, emotional and full of nervous energy, claiming to be relieved he was there to help, though Sam had approached him slowly, looking a bit stressed and shocked. He mentioned he’d tried to reach him, said he wasn’t sure why but Dean had insisted he wouldn’t talk until he ‘got a hold of Cas’. Castiel murmured some excuse about his phone not working, and Dean corroborated his lie in a croak from the doorway of his room.
The syrup bottle clunked down on the table much harder than Dean intended, but he hardly cared as he slowly looked up at Zeke. He felt sick like someone has shoved ash down his gullet. After swallowing hard for a second, Dean shook his head.
“Of course, Freckles.”
“Your mother is rolling in her grave,” John grunted, flexing his thin hand where his IV no doubt itched.
“Upstairs,” Pamela replied. “Scrubbing blood from his carpet and cleaning his room. There must’ve been a spirit in there with him, by the looks of the place. It was trashed; glass on the floor, and the red truck, the one on the dresser, was all smashed to pieces.”
Dean leaned forward and captured Castiel’s lips in a bruising kiss, their breathing hard and fast against each other’s mouths, their tongues brushing and teeth nipping. Then, Dean abruptly jerked Castiel's head away by his hair and turned him around.
“TELL ME!” Dean commanded, the light emanating from his palm growing. He was scared shitless, but Alastair looked a hundred times more frightened.
His lips felt drier than usual as he stared down at the line. “It’s wrong. This is wrong.”
His head pounded, his skin was slick with sweat, and he couldn’t stop shaking. To add insult to injury, the blood didn’t care for his dignity. The first time he managed to fall asleep against the wall, head lolling forward, he was woken up by the horrific feeling of throwing up all over himself. The blood shot up his throat with a painful wrenching of his stomach, and it poured from his mouth like a tap.
under his breath.
Dean didn’t miss the exchange of heavy glances. He shrugged his shoulders and gestured between them. “What?”
“An archangel, bitch!” Dean said triumphantly, standing up from the couch. “Looks like death is knocking on your door a little early—”
“Not with you,” Dean replied into his skin.
Dean accepted his and sat opposite Cas, who was still staring at him, although the graceless angel looked away quickly when he realized he’d been caught.
And he did, a really nice laugh that made Dean feel infinitely better. Sam had been gone for only a few years, but it’d felt like ten.
“So what’s Heaven like?” Dean asked, raising a bottle of whiskey to his lips, sipping on the sharp drink, and letting it wash over his tongue as he observed the side of Anna’s face.
Castiel felt ridiculously lost as he put on some casual blue khakis and a black sweater, wondering if he was appropriately dressed. Dean had seen him in t-shirts and jeans, both times sweaty and probably extremely unappealing, so Castiel dug around in his dresser and pulled out a pair of pants he hadn’t worn since Naomi’s work gala a few years ago. She’d bought him clothing, not thinking him trustworthy enough to dress himself, especially since she’d wanted him to
While he tugged off his boots, eyes diverted, Sam explained, “She escaped because Hell was worse than it’d been before. All the demons knew she’d betrayed them, that she’d helped us. I guess Lilith put out a hit on her, or like, let everyone know what she’d done for us. Anyway, she escaped because it was unbearable. No one was on her side, so she came back to Earth.”
That sounded scary. Frightened nerves writhed in Dean’s stomach for a moment, but then Cas exhaled through his nose, flashing Dean a crooked, shy smile and the nerves unravelled into a warmth.
Castiel turned to roll down the window, irrationally wanting to throw his phone out and watch it get plowed over by the busy traffic. Instead, he licked at his lips and rolled the window back up as he growled into the phone, “What you pulled at dinner the other night? It was cruel, Naomi. Don’t think I don’t know what you’re trying to—”
The temperature of the air seemed to drop drastically, and the hair all over Sam’s body stood on end, almost painfully. “Oh my God,” Sam breathed. “Where?”
She sounded out of breath.
“If you’ve changed your mind, please don’t feel pressured,” Castiel said slowly, shrugging one shoulder, his hand sliding off Dean’s shoulder. “I just… I’ve been quite lonely lately, and very much cherish the time we spent together that night. I wish it’d gone further. And I’ve been working a lot of overtime, feeling quite a bit of stress... What I mean is that I’d like to take you up on your offer.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up so far that they nearly grazed his hairline. “Excuse me?”
“You checkin’ up on us, Jack?” Dean looked up, raising a brow.
Sometimes, when everyone went home, or they’d had a busy day, Dean stayed a bit too late at Cas’ place. When the house lost the buzz of activity, and Miracle was tuckered out, snoozing on his back by the backdoor, Dean cleaned the kitchen, or fixed himself a late night snack from the fridge that wasn’t his. Sometimes Cas would be watching a movie, and Dean would sit on the recliner without invitation. He’d leave after the movie was done, though sometimes they’d stay up and chat.
Well, fuck her if she thought that was good enough of an answer. Dean gestured to her with the demon blade in his hand, eyes narrowing, his feet crunching over dried hay. "I’m sorry, you expect me to—"
A heavy sigh through glossy lips made Dean feel a bit stupid, though her shoulders drooped and she repeated, “I have to work. I can’t
Her hand slid off Sam’s face, resting at her side. Sam released a breath he’d been holding, and she turned to look at Dean over her shoulder.
Sam’s frame leaned over the breakfast table and Zeke pressed his hands into the wood. In a whisper, hazel eyes darting over to the doorway as well, the angel said, “Castiel is a beacon. She’ll alert the angels to our whereabouts anywhere we go.”
“The room is really small, you guys,” Jamie said, bending over to towel dry her hair. “I can hear you being offensive about strippers loud and clear.”
Dean ran his hand over his mouth and carded a hand through his hair, shuddering as the chills of familiarity ran down his spine.
first editions.”
When he looked back over, he was surprised—and warmed—to see Cas actually smiling. It was so small, but so genuine. He wanted to take a picture of it, unsure when it would crop up again next.
Hannah was confused. “I don’t understand. She loves you.”
’ to yourself?”
Sam stared at the side of her face in shock. “Exterminate him? What are you—”
They stared at each other.
“Yes,” she said simply. “I could see them all as I flew into the room.”
Then Charlie gave Ash the middle finger. "Fuck you!"
“Killing Sam Winchester again?” Uriel was laughing, ducking as Sam swung an angel blade at his head. In response to an irritated growl from Sam, Uriel merely laughed heartily and jutted out the butt of his palm, sending Sam flying backwards, thumping into the opposite wall.
“I-It’s okay, Dean. I’m okay.”
Anna blinked at him, her face shining, and her hair hanging around her face in oily tendrils. “Samuel.”
Most people would’ve been embarrassed or would have backpedaled. To his surprise, Castiel shrugged and offered, “Mothers are useless anyway.”
“So that’s how I know,” Hannah finished, her lips twitching up into a smile, pulling herself close to Sam’s side. “I know she loves you. I just know it, Dean.”
“Y-You heard what Alastair said,” Dean whispered, wiping the palm of his hand down his face, though it did nothing but clear a path for more, fresh thick tears to run down his cheeks and drip off his jaw to the ground.
Castiel’s lip twitched. “That is owing to the embarrassing amount of times you’ve pulled me back into conversation.”
“Sorry,” Dean sighed. “Hard habits to shake, y’know? You can, uh, talk about your period if you want.”
“‘Cause of the demon blood,” Sam and Chuck said at the same time.
Castiel snorted, and released her glass, using her damp fingers to pull a curl away from her face. “Hardly. After her outburst the other day, she came to find me only an hour later. It was nothing but hugs and congratulations from her.”
“Can you summon it?” Sam asked, tapping Pam on the shoulder. Intensely, he stared at her and gestured around as he continued, “‘Cause if you can, we should try to see if it knows something, or if it raised Dean itself.” Then Sam paused, adding uncomfortably, “Or… ‘saved’ him.”
supposed to mean?”
Castiel’s eyes slid shut as Dean smiled against his lips and planted a tender peck there. “Good,” he murmured, the sound rumbling between them. “Then take off your clothes, ‘cause I’m feeling underdressed.”
"Did you have feelings for Castiel before the heat? Before hormones dictated how you felt? Before, when you felt like you had control over yourself in your own universe?"
“Oh, he’s hot,” Dean said, flashing Sam a grin. “But yeah, he’s kinda pukey and achy and stuff. Turns into a big man baby when he’s sick. The more you know.”
However, as their days in the bunker went on and Dean’s interest in this room only grew, Castiel found himself more and more interested in cars. When Dean took to washing each car—lathering it in soap with a thick sponge, water dripping off the sides of each shining metal body—Castiel found he was suddenly very, very interested in cars.
Mega thanks to son_of_a_bitch_spn_family for beta'ing this chapter for me. <3
But Hannah caught on to the tension between them and a furrow deepened between her eyebrows. “What do you mean ‘his plotline’?”
When they pulled away, Zachariah smirked and nodded. “Very well, then. Balthazar and his pauper writer can have their ending.”
Chuck clapped at his chest, and his shaking fingers snaked into the pocket of his robe. Dean watched jealously as Chuck pulled out a joint with one hand and flicked fruitlessly at a lighter that clearly had no fluid left.
Sam stared at Dean through wide eyes, but his lip still twitched, his hands slowly tugging at the scarf around his neck to pull it off. “Uh, wow, dude. You could have told me. I could’ve brought over soup or something.”
“I don’t,” Dean laughed, “but Sam does after a few fingers of whiskey, so I come along to witness that travesty. And hey, I have friends!”
“Wow,” Dean said with a surprised yelp-laugh. He pointed at the bed. “On the bed, now. I won’t tolerate any manner of puns in this house. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
“That’s enough smart aleck remarks from you. Startin’ to sound like your brother…” Bobby paused in carting an armful of pots over to the sink. He looked around, his moustache tilting. “Where is the idjit, anyway?”
“...I, um, wanted to show you, um, some of my things. Come look at this painting that I have.”
“Three Valentine’s Day lunch specials, two teas, one coffee, and a slice of rhubarb pie… That’ll be sixty-nine dollars exactly,” their waitress said as she slid up beside Dean, Cas, and Sam’s booth, her rollerblades squeaking against the ground as she came to a hard stop.
Dean dared to glance up at Sam through watering eyes, and Sam tried to smile comfortingly, but the gesture fell flat and he merely winced in sympathy.
“The Duke!” Kevin whispered. “He’s leaving!”
He’d meant to be cleaner, more careful. He’d only cut a small slit in her neck so she wouldn’t squirt blood all over him, but the more he drank, the sloppier that he got and Dean could feel the blood washing down his neck, probably staining the collar of his shirt. He’d have to do up his jacket when he went back to the house, perhaps wait until dark to slip back into Bobby’s. He’d dunk the shirt in hydrogen peroxide and then shred it, throw it out in the—
They were standing close again, Castiel having had turned right around, right into Dean’s personal space.
Horrible, hoarse hiccups sounded near his ear, and hot breath puffed over his hair. When Dean’s hand raised to cradle the back of Castiel’s head, the hair was wet with sweat.
It was, admittedly, his one and only talent. His fingers lingered on his own jawline and Castiel nodded. “Yes. I know how to move my body, although mostly when I think no one is paying attention to me. That helps.”
Anna spun around as the blade soared by her head and she watched the tall man snatch it from the air, throwing aside a gallon jug that sloshed with remnants of some clear liquid. At the same time she realised the priest was soaking wet, his hair slicked down, his skin red like he’d been burned. Anna shrieked as she watched the tall man spin the blade in his hand and bring it around, sinking it into the pastor’s face.
On a particularly sunny, hot day, Sam came along. Dean watched  his brother and friend embrace for a long time, both of their faces pinched and tear-streaked. He sat back smiling, even with his skin hot and itching with jealousy, yearning deeply for another moment where he’d have an excuse to hug Cas again. Regardless of the initial heavy emotions, they spent the day on the beach, Cas snoozing on his stomach atop a beach towel while Dean and Sam attempted to drown each other in the rolling waves and smacked each other with pool noodles. Their friends eventually joined; Charlie, Jo, Pamela, even Bobby and Karen. Hell, Jack made an appearance, too, sitting beside Castiel and building a sand castle like he wasn’t the most powerful being in the entire universe.
“Yes,” Dean replied flatly. “I would be disappointed if we left our father alone in Kansas and nothing came of it. We’re all he has, Sam.”
“What do you need?” Castiel asked after they caught their breath, minutes later when they were still hugging and Dean’s tight grip loosened, his cheek resting on Castiel’s shoulder.
is the thanks I get?”
flashing across them. “You told me you didn’t remember anything.”
Dean sat down on a step, moping, and rested his head on the rail. “Grace didn’t fall asleep until sixty seconds ago. Cas caught the stomach flu from her and has been hurling all night, and I literally haven’t slept more than an hour and a half in twenty-four hours. How you doin’?”
His hands flexed at his side, but Dean didn’t try to stop her. He stared at her as his vision went black around the edges and his body began to gasp involuntarily, trying to suck in air.
“Because, Sam. Because you need to understand that it has always been prophesied that one of you would become the soldier of Heaven and the other…” Her mouth made a marked tip downwards and the lines around her eyes deepen as she winced. “Dean headed down a dark path, Sam. He’s lost to us, too dark to come back. If he makes it to the church in Maryland, where Lilith is prophesied to break the final seal, the world may end. The only one able to save Earth is you, Sam. With Heaven on your side, you’re destined to save everything, everyone. Dean… Well, Dean has the power inside him to destroy everything.”
From his seat on the other side of the table, leaning against the wall, his foot propped up on the decorative base of Bobby’s chair, Dean scowled at Sam over a real cup of coffee. He wondered if he looked as exhausted as he felt. He felt, frankly, like shit, but Dean smiled at Anna anyway, his stomach in knots.
His gut instinct was to dash across the kitchen and burst out into the living room to dive for his phone, but his feet shuffled awkwardly to the threshold and he stared at the phone instead. He wanted it to be Dean, but he knew it was probably Naomi calling him for the twentieth time since Friday night. She knew he was mad at her for being a complete bitch during the dinner party and purposefully digging for information that’d break his heart.
Castiel nodded and offered her usual short, raspy replies. She was, although mortal now, her typical self. Homelessness and being on the run hadn’t changed her a bit. Dean didn’t know why he’d expected her to be different; it had only been six months since the fall of the angels. How much could’ve changed in Cas other than her hair and the fact that she didn’t have makeup on anymore? Her vessel had always worn makeup, and he supposed he shouldn’t be surprised that the moment Cas was responsible for her own appearance, she ditched the mascara and blue-tied getup. He couldn’t imagine it had been too comfortable to walk around in those black pointed business heels all the time. When they reached the bunker and Cas got out, he was amused to see she was wearing a pair of ugly, dirty, green high-top knock-off Converse on her feet.
“To serve,” Castiel whispered wetly, her lips trembling. She blinked sweat out of her eyes but her vision was still blurry as she gazed at the ceiling, overcome with agony. “My mission, m-my purpose is to serve.”
for love and because of that, yeah, I live with my parents and my little brother because I am fuckin’ drinking in the experiences I missed out on. Family dinners, and drinkin’ beers with my dad, and driving around paradise telling him about my life, because he’s actually interested for once. You know what’s fucked? We had to
Oh, for fuck’s sake.
With that memory of their night together at the forefront of his mind and stored inside his heart like a weapon in his arsenal against The Facility, he felt like nothing could get him down anymore, not really.
Dean scowled, feeling a flutter of annoyance. “Hey, paws off the merchandise unless you want a rag to wipe off the fingerprints you just left all over my baby.”
Jamie loosened her blue tight and scowled. “Okay, first of all, that’s
“Fucking Zachariah. And fuck his lackey. They took my time, and my play, and the love of my life,” Dean whispered. “Of course. Why would I deserve anything more?”
The brother-hug that happened moments after was so heart wrenching that Hannah wasn’t the only one with tears in her eyes.
“Just gimme four hours to sleep,” Dean said, his toothbrush hovering by his mouth. “Then we get right on the case, bright and early.”
At her knock about twenty minutes later, Dean tugged open the door with a sick satisfaction and he grinned at Ruby, who glared at him from the other side of the door.
Castiel leaned on the doorway to the living room and drank from his water until the phone stopped buzzing. Then, with an ache in his chest, he dragged his feet to the table and leaned over, turning the screen so he could read whatever biting text Naomi’d sent him. He could just imagine the message; “
He saw her feet turn in the dirt towards him, and then he saw her trench coat and skirt as she knelt before him. Sam looked up to find Cas staring at him, something shimmering in her eyes.
“You’re possessing someone, aren’t you?” Sam had mentioned it once, but now it seemed disturbing...even more so as he remembered the blood pooling over her palm and wondered what it really tasted like.
The Duke sat across from him, his finger tracing his lips, his cold, silvery-green eyes following Castiel around the room with something that was akin to lust, but held a more predatory edge.
“Dean,” Castiel breathed, his breath hitched, his voice thick and ruined. “Don’t do this, you don’t have t—”
to anyone, I belong to Heaven. If being an escort to the Duke during his stay for the next six months is part of my service to Heaven, then so be it.”
”, but instead, nothing came out and instead the breath he’d meant to exhale was sucked back in sharply as the guy stepped closer—
“Sam won’t say yes,” Castiel growled through her teeth, struggling against the restraints, wanting to lunge at Uriel.
“I think Jack is hitting him hard,” said Sam as he threw money onto the table and slid out of the booth, following Dean towards the door.
He was sure Dean was saying
By comparison, the removal of her blazer was nothing, but Dean watched carefully as she loosened the backwards blue tie—looser than it already was—and pulled open the white shirt Dean had undone for her. She reached between her breasts to unclasp the plain black bra she wore, but Dean’s eyes drifted up and to his right, to the prominent red, raised burn on her shoulder.
“What?” Dean scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. “What’s everyone staring at?”
with you?”
“You’re a fucked,” Meg said simply, scowling.
Dean’s mouth gaped a bit, jerking his head down for a moment to look at his attire and run his hand nervously across his chest. Looking back up at Balthazar, he choked out, “Um, well—”
Sam’s brows came together and he scowled. “Yeah, I am. She fucked Lilith over by helping us again and again. We would’ve been dead a bunch of times if she hadn’t come to our rescue. Why would I turn her away? I told you before Dean, we fight evil and we help people who need it. She’d proven her allegiance to us, why would I turn my back on her when she needed someone?” While Dean’s stomach churned, the bile sloshing around, mingling with anger and beer, Sam tossed aside his jacket and got to his feet. As he walked away, he added, “And she had something I wanted.”
He needed to save Cas.
“Who killed us?” Dean asked in a whisper.
Balthazar’s fists balled at this side, but he seemed to bite his tongue and instead nod curtly. “Of course, Zachariah.”
They stared at each other. Dean felt like he was drowning. Everything was falling apart.
“Azazel,” Sam said quietly, licking his lips as he gazed at the floor. “He said I was meant to be evil. I-I’m a freak. I’m one of the psychic kids. I have nothing but evil in me... He said he needed a leader for his demon army.” Sam looked up at Castiel, who was watching his face with an expression of knowing. “That doesn't sound like I was destined for a heavenly mission.”
you come in here with that fire in you?” Castiel snarled, snatching up her beige robe from the bed and jerking it over her arms. “I thought I wanted you before, but
Appearing from behind them, Zachariah stepped over the tangle of Anna and Castiel’s legs, grabbing Anna by the hair and dragging her to the other corner of the room. Castiel struggled against Uriel when she watched Zachariah throw Anna to the ground gracelessly, and conjure a vase of holy oil from thin air. She bit back a scream when he poured the contents over Anna and snapped his fingers, producing a flame on the end of his thumb.
"Evening, sunshine," Dean murmured to Castiel as she approached him. He was graced with a very small smile, though her eyes lit up with delight.
“Guys?” Sam called out, but was met with nothing. He scowled, then sighed and walked over to Dean’s bedroom door.
“I love you,” Dean replied. “I’m so sorry, Cas. Fuck, I am
sticking up for himself, Castiel went on: “I would’ve never looked for those messages, Dean, to be clear. But Naomi doesn’t have the same respect for privacy that I do, and while it turns out she is a pretty terrible friend, she didn’t want me to be strung along anymore. I saw what you said. Everything you said to Sam about me.”
Charlie turned the dim corner, dodging Alfie and Anna as they ran down the hall towards the backstage.
“You murdered us all,” Mary whispered, and then, she was gone.
“It’s okay, Cas. I’m here,” Dean managed to whisper before Meg socked him in the ribs this time.
He was allowed to put on his clothing and return to his cell. The man who escorted him looked peeved, like Castiel’s very presence annoyed him.
“Exactly,” Pamela breathed, turning on her heel to stare at the basement door.
The hotel fantasy soon faded away and Dean stopped explaining what would have happened. It became abundantly clear to them both that this was much more their style, much better suited to their lives, and endlessly hotter.
The officer shook his head at Sam. “‘fraid not, son. But we have plenty of motels around.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, quieter. He stepped onto the grimy off-white tiles and lowered himself to his knees in front of Cas, who looked
The ceiling fan above Dean spun, and spun, and spun.
The desperation was more carnal now.
Feeling the blood drain from his face, Castiel dropped back down quickly. His chest immediately felt tight and his throat closed up; this was it, Dean was going to break up with him. God, he felt so stupid. He’d let Naomi get into his head, he’d opened his stupid mouth to bring up his doubts to Dean. Now he was being dumped in his own home, sitting on the couch like a statue, mortified about the heartache about to hit him like a freight train. Maybe he should’ve just accepted their secret fling and shut up about it.
The man had been accurate, of course, about the examinations. A cold looking man with grey hair and a bad attitude came by their cell to retrieve Castiel and the other new recruits. They’d been taken to examination rooms, made to strip down. They were weighed and measured, poked and prodded, and made to drink a disgusting concoction pulled out of a medical freezer, a mix of strange textures from ominous looking vials and test tubes. Castiel had actually struggled to keep his down, gagging a bit and pressing a hand to his mouth, but the two armed guards standing at the door with their weapons pointed at him was incentive enough to force it down.
Sammy flashed a fake grin, then rolled his eyes.
There it was. Out in the open.
After taking a long drag and exhaling it slowly from between his lips, Chuck looked between them with a fidgety little shrug. “It’s part of the job description and stuff. I get visions from Heaven, and then I write it down. A lot of that means writing about the angels.”
“It’s okay,” Cas breathed through chattering teeth—maybe he was nervous. He raised his shaking hands off Dean’s shoulders and grasped his face. “It’s more than okay.”
“Thanks,” Meg said off-handedly, waving her cigarette through the air. She turned her dark eyes on Dean. He noticed she looked a lot like Castiel, with the sultry eyes and long brown hair, but there was something distinctly darker about her. She was genuinely sultry in every way. Where Dean understood that Castiel played a character who was a seductress, Meg seemed to naturally carry the trait in the very way she held herself and spoke.
Cas had gone into heat, and Dean, intoxicated by it, had mated him. Claimed him. Marked him.
, so face your fuckin’ maker!”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said quietly from the other side of the property line. It was as far as she could go. Anna had helped them ward the place in. No angel could leave, and none could enter.
Sandy-haired-guy sighed as he speared his fork through a piece of asparagus. He stared at it glumly, holding the floppy vegetable in front of his face. “‘Cause unless you’re a pornstar, you ain’t coming more than one or two times in a row without some bulk and a fluffer.”
