"I told you it was good," Dean says weakly, but both of them know that he has been defeated, and Cas just grins at him, mouth full of pastry.
For some reason, his first instinct is to text Cas. That’s generally his instinct when things are going wrong, because Cas always seems to keep a clear head.
The bored voice comes from the table next to them, from Balthazar, who goes back to his own appetizer and wine—how did he even get that so quickly?
He knows about cars, that's for certain. It's the one thing he knows and prides himself on. When he sees a problem, he can most likely fix it and he definitely can tell which problems need to be fixed rather urgently, and which ones are issues that can be dealt with later. This always comes in handy when he's working on a car, sees something that wasn't part of his project, and tells the customer about it. When they look at him in despair he can tell them the timeframe in which the issue should be repaired, so they don’t have to strain their budget immediately.
“It’s just my stomach... a bit too much...” He vaguely gestures at his stomach blowing up and Cas just looks at him, one eyebrow raised. They both know that they have to address the whole mistaken-boyfriend thing but Dean doesn’t relent at first, revelling in the moment where all of this isn’t his current situation.
After they both get their cocktail, delivered by a waiter who doesn't really speak English, but a lot with his body language, they settle a bit closer together in their booth.
Dean trudges through the apartment while looking through the mail. Most of it is for Cas from random universities all over the country, and he puts those aside for him for later. He stops in his tracks when he sees a bigger envelope, addressed to him. The envelope is an obnoxious pink and he blinks at it and wonders how he missed it earlier. He then sees the game show's logo on the back and looks up nervously, hoping that Cas doesn't show up randomly to ask about it.
Deans stares at him and decides to completely disregard that last comment for his own sanity. Cas probably meant it in the metaphorical sense anyways.
"So I thought today we could watch the new Netflix documentary about penguins? After Doctor Sexy?" Cas says from the kitchen.
They spend their first real afternoon in Paris in a museum. What gives. Dean thought it was going to be boring, just like those trips to the natural history museum back when he was in school, where Mrs. Nilly took them and chose probably the most condescending of all guides to do a tour through the exhibits. The only thing Dean really remembers is a giant skeleton of an elk and thinking that the vending machine was part of the exhibition when the guide forbade the students from touching it (she was also quite mean about it when he asked about when vending machines were invented and refused to answer him, brushing it off as a silly question. He googled it later in life, the question still bothering him, and it was 1883—though it was a postcard dispenser, so not nearly as exciting as candy).
They order pizza and settle down next to each other.  It’s a surprisingly thick stack of printed-out photos and Dean is very excited. There is a letter that tells them to mark down any pictures they absolutely don’t want for publishing.
Cas’s hand has slipped from his shoulder, and Dean takes it, subconsciously, and starts playing with his fingers. He then realises what he’s doing and quickly drops the hand.
Outside, he takes deep breaths, holds them, and lets them out slowly. Just like Cas taught him. At that thought, he feels tears brim at the edge of his eyes. He doesn't know if he can keep all of this up. There are three days left on the trip, and he can't imagine going through the rest of it like this, knowing that Cas is not even remotely on the same page as him. He's probably regretting this whole plan anyway, having to touch Dean, and act all cozy with him when he’s not attracted to Dean in that way at all.
"So, Cas," Dean finally says, clearing his throat right after. He has no idea why he's so nervous. It's his best friend, after all. "You excited about the Paris trip?"
He goes over to her place after work one day. The only thing she requests are some donuts from the newly opened shop around the corner, which she says would
Dean's not even really watching the episode anymore (And it's a new one. With Doctor Sexy in it—though they brought back the side-plot about the failed arm amputation which resulted in a one-armed ghost haunting the hospital, so he’s excused for not being
Hope starts stirring in Dean's chest but he squashes it down as quickly as he notices it, because no, no way. It's better to keep his distance and not project his feelings onto Cas and think of it as any more than a friend taking care of his friend. It's not like he wouldn't do this for Charlie, or Jo.
now. He even debates shaking Balthazar's shoulders to tell him the news, but the photographer just keeps taking pictures like it's normal that they're holding hands or that Cas is just casually laying his head on Dean's shoulder during the tour. Because technically it is. They've been doing this for days, but now the tingles that Dean gets in his stomach and chest every time Cas touches him aren't under a cloud of nervous energy and the feeling is so intensely freeing that Dean feels like he's going to fly away any moment now.
"I mean it's been what. Two months? I've already told Frank to fix it about it three times. And what about Mildred? She's not getting any younger, you know? She needs that elevator."
, what is wrong with me." Channing takes a deep breath and finally looks Dean in the eyes. "Anyways, what I was trying and failing to say—you guys are awesome together and I hope that you know that. Also, Cas is cute, so you really lucked out."
Dean just grins at him and then bends down to smack an obnoxious kiss on Cas's forehead, before sauntering over to the pastry chef.
Cas, who hasn’t stuffed his face full of baguette yet, smiles. “Well, there is some really good bread at Whole Foods. You just refuse to eat that, so…”
The trip’s now only a week away and Dean still hasn't told Cas about the romantic aspect. As far as Cas knows, Dean has everything planned and it's supposed to be a surprise what awaits them in Paris. Dean has taken to sweating profoundly every time he starts thinking about it, to the point where Bobby tells him off for working too hard and suggests seeing a doctor when Dean keeps dropping tools from being so distracted.
Cas wordlessly digs out the pills out of his backpack and hands them to Dean with a bottle of water they purchased right after security (Dean totally hadn't been grumpy about the fact that they had just thrown away their bottle, just to buy a new, overpriced one). With them, he takes out two little protein bars. Dean didn't even realize Cas had packed all this stuff.
“Don’t be stupid,” Cas just says, in a tone that implies that Dean is being ridiculous, and goes into the bathroom, locking the door after him.
Thankfully the pastry chef doesn’t appear to have noticed the commotion, as he re-enters the room, seemingly having left before the whole thing happened. He's carrying three trays and puts them down.
For a nerd, he's surprisingly buff, but Dean logically knows that that comes from the running Cas does every morning at 5am.
"Never mind, actually, don't worry about it, heh. I'll just, uhm, ask someone else, or—or actually just cancel the trip, it's stupid anyway."
Nervously, Dean exchanges a look with Cas, and then holds out his hand on the table. Cas takes it. He then gazes into his eyes, trying his best to look put-on in love. Cas is also doing some kind of… face.
They sit down again when the music eases into some more mellow songs. Cas goes to the bathroom and while he's gone, Dean swipes through the pictures, each making his heart pump harder in his chest, even though they're all slightly blurry. He sets one as his background picture immediately. He also sends one to Charlie and then puts his phone away, when Cas comes back with another cocktail for them to share.
Dean shakes his head with a fond smile because nobody can see him and gets into the kitchen to prepare dinner.
So Charlie it is. He knows that he will get laughed at, but it’s worth it for some of that solid, wise advice that Charlie always seems to have.
He’s too tired to really say anything so he just hums a happy noise and tugs him closer. His heart aches for a moment because he thinks of the time they could have had together for real, how wonderful it would have been to be able to kiss Cas in those moments, to hold him on the couch while they were watching movies together—but then he stops himself. Having Cas as his best friend was amazing. Sure, he could have had a couple of months less of pining, but the time they spent together was still priceless, and honestly, maybe it’s good that this thing between them isn’t rushed.
“Holy shit, dude!” Jo scream-whispers, wide eyes moving back and forth from the screen to Dean’s face.
Yearning to be close to Cas, and realizing that for once it's kind of encouraged, Dean puts his arm around Cas and leans his forehead on his shoulder, and releases a breath, closing his eyes. He feels Cas tense underneath him, but then he also relaxes his shoulders and they sit there in silence for a bit.
“Just for recording purposes, this is Donna Hanscum speaking. Jody is also present, and we’re interviewing Castiel and Dean, the winners of our 2019 Summer Prize Paris Trip. Say hi, boys.”
They go back not soon after to fold their chilled doughs, a task that Cas is surprisingly adept at. All Dean can do is watch Cas with a fond expression as he leans over their station and carefully cuts and folds the dough in just the right way, but so slowly that it’s almost painful to watch. But Cas’s uncharacteristic loud cheer as he folds up his first croissant in the right way, having discarded his first two attempts to Dean’s care, is so endearing that Dean can’t help but hug him and kiss him on the cheek, right on a splotch of flour.
Dean was only slightly dramatic over giving up their dough, and Cas tries to console him with remarking how the new pastry was not looking as perfectly squared as theirs.
Kevin and Channing already claimed one of the tables, so that leaves Dean and Cas to the left, closer to the hanging pots and oven.
Cas leans to the side, peeking into the bathroom. He's standing very close to Dean, who didn't even realize that he was holding his breath the entire time and slowly inhales, catching Cas's nice scent.
But even with his panicked thoughts and racing heart, eventually, Dean lets himself calm down with the help of Cas's steady breaths behind him. In the end, after what feels like hours of not being able to fall asleep (but is actually only about 15 minutes) he finally drifts off.
This Dean hadn't really taken into account, and he eyes the two pastries he took with sorrow. His stomach is pretty full, but he also feels so bad. Is it weird that he feels sorry for a pastry?
It doesn't really matter though, because he already knows what he's gotta do and unfortunately there's no hiding from it, no matter how big the cushions.
“That’s not fair, it’s not my fault you had a conference call with all of Japan,” Dean says. “And I missed your stupid face anyway. But we were just being idiots and watching some Jeopardy knock-off so you didn’t miss much.”
“This is kind of embarrassing, but I’d imagine that we were together. That we had been together for years. It seemed so
He knows that sometimes his head is messing with him. So he looks at Cas, who looks like he’s enjoying his dessert, but also eyeing Dean carefully and Dean makes a decision. He replays all the moments he has had so far and decides that he has to get out of his head for a bit. Enjoy the moment, as Charlie would probably say.
"Hi, Dean, Cas," Donna greets them, "it's nice to see you again. How have you been?" Cas answers politely, while Donna shows them the way through to the dining table where Jody sits and greets them. Dean hands them the wine they brought as a thank-you gift and Donna looks so delighted by it that she hugs him.
If Dean were in any other situation that would allow him to roll his eyes, he 100% would have done. Instead, he swallows a bunch of water and it takes everything in him not to panic.
"Shut up. Okay, c'mon let me out, I gotta pee," Dean says grumpily and struggles to pull off his blanket in a way where he doesn't tangle himself in it. He fails spectacularly.
Cas looks up at that, eyes wide, but there’s also something else in his eyes, that makes them shine. Something like happiness, like something has clicked inside of Cas that makes him understand that Dean is
He’s scrubbing the toilet when he sees a shadow fall over it and a “Dean?” comes from behind him. It startles him so much that he falls back and promptly hits his head against the sink, hard.
"It's fine, Dean. You said this comes with the trip, right? Just enjoy it." Cas look to the front and his eyes light up. "Look, there's even a mini-bar!"
“Oh, so no ‘Hello, Dean. How was your week, Dean?’ ‘It was fine. Thanks for asking, Cas. How was the conference—’?”
Cas just cups the back of Dean’s head and pulls him down and kisses him pointedly and Dean mumbles an “okay, mhm, you’re cool with it” into the kiss.
It had only taken about one month of being roommates before Dean felt bad for the guy and they made an arrangement that Dean would cook good, nutritious meals for both of them if Cas took over dish duty. It had worked out quite well and made them bond over meals. They both ignore how domestic the whole arrangement really is.
Dean scowls at him but tries to discreetly check his pillow, just to see if Cas is being a little shit. The pillow is completely dry and he hears Cas chuckle quietly beside him.
Cas mutters something under his breath, but when Dean stills and looks at him, he doesn't say more, so he's probably just dreaming. Dean lies down fully and lets out a deep breath.
And oh, how amazing is it that he doesn’t have to explain his own weird little things to Cas. Because Cas
Cas used to be anxious he’d talk too much about his passion for linguistics, always thinking he would get started and wouldn’t be able to stop and bore people. But one movie night, after Dean had had one too many beers, he’d shyly confessed that he loved when Cas talked about linguistics and how passionate he was about it (he totally said that it was “cute” but nobody needed to know that) and that seemed to have eased Cas’s worries. At least around Dean. Nobody else seems to get regaled with as many fun linguistics facts as Dean, something that secretly pleases Dean, in a weird way.
Dean rolls his eyes as she starts cursing and helps her maneuver the dishes out of the sink so she can put her fingers under the cold stream.
The place is just what Dean expected. A big open wooden structure with kayaks and paddles lining the walls, some life-vests on the other side. Dean can just about make out the river when glancing through the trees, but the sound of the rush of water is a big indicator that it's definitely there.
Dean doesn't mind, also ready to leave, and they stumble back to the hotel together—not necessarily drunk, but not too sober either. It's the level of tipsiness that, for example, makes Cas giggle uncontrollably when Dean greets the receptionist with an overexaggerated "
but he knew it would have been a lie. Or at least only half-true. Because he did truly care for her, and he tried to show her that in the way he hugged her then. He buried his face in her hair one last time and whispered a broken,
This was like being back in school—but this time with some skills under his belt, and Dean is so ready.
It doesn't get better when Bobby wishes him a great vacation with "his boy", and Charlie tells him she'll miss him and to enjoy his Parisian Love Story at the end of their call about the next LARP meet-up.
“No, Dean,” Cas says, putting an emphasis on his name that Dean could never manage to truly impersonate, “you texted me that you ‘fucked up’ approximately an hour ago and then I found you obsessively cleaning not only our bathroom but what seems to be our entire apartment.” He pointedly looks over their dump-table that’s now completely clear except for Cas’s briefcase. “So what happened?”
He tries one anyway after Cas says they're a French delicacy, and—not so bad. Apart from the consistency, which, while not too pleasant, is way less slimy and squishy than expected, they actually just taste like the basil and garlic sauce they were served in, so not too bad.
"Thank you, Dean. Remember that next time you call me a nerd," Cas says and when Dean turns to look at him, he's looking at him with a small smile and a softness in his eyes.
There’s some more writing on the ‘wonderful opportunities’, and generally way too many exclamation points and some other details Dean skims over to get to the bottom of the letter.
Before his thought gets too sappy, Dean focuses on the road again and they finally arrive at the airport about 3 hours before boarding time.
Dean leans down to kiss Cas again. His mouth is so soft and irresistible that Dean can’t believe he missed out for so long. He moves down to mouth down Cas’s jawline, noticing the stubble and taking a moment just breathing in Cas's scent while kissing down his neck. He can feel Cas shudder underneath him, and suddenly Cas grabs him with both arms and legs and now Cas is on top, looking down at Dean's flushed face.
He notices the pillow he'd been resting his head on and the blanket around him and smiles. Cas is really out there, taking care of him.
Before Cas wakes up, Dean texts back and forth with Charlie, who answered his pictures from last night with a few texts that were a mix of emojis and scrambled letters.
They get to Notre Dame just a few minutes later. There, they both walk around the building in awe, gazing at the gargoyles and spikes. Well, Dean mostly looks at the gargoyles because the grotesque-looking stone-dragons kind of creep him out.
With the little flour-crisis mostly averted, Cas turns back to Dean, who slides him the scale and the big slab of butter.
“The Great British Bake-off!” Victor shouts, suddenly into it. “Man, what a show. Did you see the one where Howard—”
and Dean tries his best to get it on without thinking about how many people have worn it before him.
His eyes are fixed on Dean's, intensely blue and wide and they just stare at each other for what feels like minutes. There's something in Cas's eyes, that almost looks like determination and also a little bit of fear.
"... I don't understand," Cas says slowly. "You knew they were going to put us in a room with one bed, and you didn't clear it up? Donna, and Jody for that matter, seemed so nice, I'm sure we can ask them for a change—"
"Ah, so you were thinking about how they would believe how you ended up with my sexy ass?" Dean grins.
Dean vaguely mentions what Cas should be packing, so that his roommate is prepared for the activities and Cas only questions him a little bit when he tells him to pack stuff for swimming.
“Thank you, Dean," he finally answers in a wobbly way. But it's so subtle that only Dean picks up on it. He glances at the other pair and especially Channing, who looks a bit sheepish.
"Dr. Piccolo is currently removing Sarah from the morgue. I feel like this is important to the plot and you should be paying attention to it so I don't have to," Cas says, his voice betraying some level of investment, but also concern for Dean.
Let it never be said that Dean Winchester doesn’t have a way with words. Cas seems to understand, though.
He's surprised to find that the travel agency also arranged a private driver for them, who will be there for them any time they need. All of this was much more exclusive than he’d ever been thinking it would be. Most of the time he’s just been wondering what the catch in all of this is, and then he remembers the whole Cas debacle and decides that it's not worth thinking about more complicated issues.
Cas can see him struggling and takes pity on him, grabbing one pastry from his plate and stuffing it in his mouth and humming appreciatively.
Cas is still going to need a good 20 minutes until he gets home from the train station, so Dean decides to do the clean-up from last night while he waits. And when that only takes seven minutes, he starts cleaning the whole kitchen. And then the vacuum cleaner gets pulled out from under the clutter in the storage room because he’s already on a roll, and suddenly Dean is stress-cleaning the whole apartment.
The smell also slowly wafts into all of their noses and although Dean literally just had lunch, the delicious scent of freshly baked goods makes his mouth water.
He’s already talked to the organizers of the trip, to make sure everything is legit. He still has some free days left at the garage. The woman he talked to on the phone had said that the trip would be a week in late August and he knows for a fact that Cas would still be free from teaching at the College at that time and as far as Dean knows, he doesn’t have any plans.
"I know", Dean answered, still with a seductive smile on his lips and a determined sincerity in his eyes. Dean's hand was hot and heavy on Cas' thighs, his voice viscuous like honey as he groaned darkly, "But you deserve everything,
Dean remembered the Men of Letter's records and he knew that he had to try it, because right now, he had a strong feeling that he, or rather the archangel Michael, was about to lose this fight. He tried to focus his mind on the only one thing that he could think of, that could have the potential to be powerful enough to awaken every last bit of willpower and determination in him.
Dean walked towards the kitchen and poured himself some coffee. "Mornin' ", he muttered to Sam as he went to sit down at the table. "Good morning, sleepyhead", Sam babbled in a voice that was way too cheerful for this time of the day, "I left some eggs and bacon on the stove for you"
, Dean realized. It wasn't as if he had needed yet another reason to go through with his plan, but when he realized that Jack was in danger too, it only strengthened his will to get it over with as soon as possible. If all clues pointed into the same direction, it had to be the right thing to do..
"You know I've..I've never..not like that", Castiel stammered excusatory and looking into Dean's mossy green eyes, that gleamed in the dim light, didn't make it any easier to keep his voice from trembling, "I mean..I want to. Just..just tell me if I'm doing anything that makes you..uncomfortable". Dean twined his arm around Castiel's waist and let his forehead rest against the angel's as he looked into his deep blue eyes.
"Ahhh..Dean", Cas groaned, his voice husky and ragged, as he chanted the hunter's name. Dean smiled to himself as he felt the innocence slowly draining away from the angel.
When he found the movie that he was looking for, he slid the disk into the DVD player and pressed play. "This is a classic", Dean said as '
, Dean thought to himself as he sighed. They had been looking for ways to kill the devil on more occasions than he cared to count and the only successful ways seemed to involve powerful angels, alternate universes or giant cages - and Dean wasn't particularly fond of either of these methods.
He guessed that on Dean's part, it was mostly due to his unnecessary need to prove to himself and to others that he was the man that John Winchester had wanted him to be. But he wasn't. In fact, he was a better man than their father could ever have raised him to be. But somehow, Dean still felt as though he wasn't good enough and Sam knew just how completely impossible it was for anyone to show him love or appreciation, if Dean wasn't willing to accept it. He was just too damn stubborn and more than that, he was in utter denial about his feelings for Cas.
Nobody had ever said things like that to him and he didn't know how to deal with the way that it made him feel. Dean had never believed that he could actually have the things that he secretly craved and it hit him like a freight train, because he was still convinced that he didn't deserve any of it. Cas had said all those sweet words that he had never even dared to dream about and that made him feel like he was floating on cloud nine, but if he was being completely honest, they still managed to frighten the ever living shit out of him like no demon or monster ever could.
When Michael took posession of him, it felt like Dean was merely an observer in the last row of the auditorium as he watched his body being brutally smashed against the wall. He could feel every bit of it though - the air being forced out of his lungs as Lucifer violently shoved him backwards with two strong palms on his chest, the painful tremble in his bones when his back hit the rough brick wall and the dull ache that spread through his skull from the harsh impact. Michael used Dean's body to fight against his brother and Dean could feel every muscle tensing in his body, but he wasn't able to control any of it, as his conscience was still trapped inside his illusion of Rocky's bar. Only this time, he was wildly aware of it, even if the reality that played out around him was as distant as if he was just watching a movie. Dean could taste the blood on his tongue as his body got hit in the stomach and coiled over in pain.
". Dean couldn't believe it. "Why?", he growled, as he bent down to look into the man's eyes tensely.
Dean looked up at him and raised his eyebrows. "Good", he answered defensively before he continued to stare down into his mug intently, as if he could find some answers in there. Sam ran a hand back through his long hair and chuckled. "Dean-", he began and his brother braced for the worst, "Why are we even doing this?". Dean looked up at Sam, swirling his coffee mug in his hand as he asked, "Doing what now? Drinking coffee?".
Cas looked at Dean with questioning eyes and the hunter's adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. He was aware that he had just entered dangerous grounds again and he waited in anticipation while Cas looked at him with an expression that Dean couldn't interpret. But then Cas smiled, before he agreed, "Yes, I would like that".
Now his brother looked at him even more confused and he couldn't hold back a snarky comment. "Dean, are you sure that this is a good idea? I mean with your clumsiness today..", Sam teased him suspiciously, but he couldn't refrain his chuckle.
Castiel didn't need an explanation anyway, because he knew what Dean was up to. Still, Dean's words felt like a punch in the gut.
"Tell me about it", he answered and threw a meaningful glance to Sam, who pressed his lips together and swallowed his anger before he followed them along the corridor.
minutes later, Sam and Jack were still waiting for them. Sam had already taken his place in the backseat of the Impala next to Jack to give the two of them some space in the front, but they were still nowhere to be seen. "What is taking them so long?", Jack asked innocently. Sam snorted. There was no way that he would give Jack
Cas chuckled at Dean's comment as he heard the hunter's gentle steps approaching behind him. It wasn't long before he felt Dean's broad palms on either side of his waist, as he started a trail of gentle kisses from the side of his jaw down his neck and it made Cas shiver. "You're wearing that just to tease me, aren't you?", Dean asked in a low voice as he pushed his body closer to the angel's back. Cas purred lowly as he felt the hunter's half-hard erection pressing against his ass.
"I believe in us, Dean", Sam said with total conviction, before he hit his brother in the face. "I believe in us", he repeated and was making a move to hit him again.
"Ooh, a bit shaky on your legs now, are you brother?", Lucifer asked him with fake pity. Dean looked down at his own body and saw small spurts of blood flooding from his stomach, where Lucifer had hit him with his angel blade. Dean's body was cringing with the pain, but he ground his teeth together to push it aside. There were more pressing matters that he had to deal with right now, so he balled his hands into fists on either side of his body and kept pushing Michael back, who was already struggling to get the upper hand again.
He turned Castiel's hand around in his and pressed his other palm against the angel's and observed the way they fit together perfectly. "But you get it, Cas. You know our lives..the things we deal with every day. You‘re..
Dean felt Cas' stubble graze over the sensitive skin of his neck and his whole body shuddered at this new sensation. The angel continued his way downwards and when he licked around the head of Dean's dick and over the slit, the hunter couldn't help but bite his lips in pleasure. Didn't Cas just say that he hadn't done this before? And yet there he was, teasing Dean's cock with his tongue like a damn professional.
He planned to go late at night, when everyone at the bunker was asleep. The only obstacle that he still had to face was Cas. He would have to distract the angel so that he wouldn't follow him, which wouldn't exactly be an easy task, because the guy didn't sleep and chances were that he would hear him if he was to leave the bunker in the middle of the night. But Dean had a solution in mind for this particular problem, although he already felt guilty for what he was planning to do to him. But it was for Cas' own good after all and this knowledge comforted him a bit at least.
Dean could still hear the ringing in his ears from the loud noise, when he came back to conscience, lying on the floor of the empty warehouse.
Sam, who had just walked along the hallway and had overheard the last part of their conversation, entered Jack's room. Cas and Jack were standing there, frozen in their movements and neither of them knew what to say. After Cas had filled Sam in on what had happened, the hunter looked at him sympathetically.
Once he dared to open his eyes again, he was still surrounded by darkness, but it seemed like the black void around him was wobbling and boiling like a heated liquid. Suddenly, the liquid drew nearer without taking an actual shape until the scalding waves were billowing right in front of his face.
To say that Dean was touched by the amount of comfort that Cas gave him was a vast understatement. Cas had been even more concerned about his wellbeing than usual and even though Dean didn't feel too comfortable to be pampered like that, he couldn't deny that it felt good to have Cas so close to him, no matter what his actual intention was.
", Cas said soothingly and his voice felt like a caress more so than ever, "I know that you're somehow still under the insane impression that you don't deserve to be saved". The angel shook his head in disbelief, before he continued, "But believe me, Dean. I have seen civilizations rise and fall. I have seen the creation and destruction of empires. I have seen the sun rise and set for a million times, but in all my life, I have never seen a light that shone brighter than your soul does. You are an exceptional human being and even if you're not able to see it yourself, you deserve everything and I don't want to give you anything short of that".
than happy to see you". He bit his lips at the delicious tension, but it wasn't enough. Cas let his hand wander up Dean's thigh as he returned the favor, "But you don't seem too unhappy to see me either,
"It's all true, Dean", Cas went on, "And yes, I am aware that I‘m an angel with many more centuries of my life still before me. You might only have a relatively short life expectancy, compared to mine, but I am willing to do whatever it takes for the opportunity to see you healthy and happy, even if it's just for a few minutes or even seconds". Dean swallowed thickly, but Cas didn't stop there. "I would do anything for you, because I can't just idly stand by and watch you feeling miserable like that when I know that I could help you.
"You got me there", he replied, raising his eyebrows before he continued, "Look, Dean..I don't like this either-". But Dean just scoffed, interrupting his brother before he had the chance to speak any further, "Yeah, 'not liking' being the understatement of the day". Sam sighed. His brother could be really stubborn when his feelings were hurt and he knew that it wouldn't be easy to calm him down. He took a deep breath, carefully contemplating what to say next. "Right..I get it", Sam continued, trying to be as compassionate as he could, "But still..Cas is our
brushings of their fingers and the fact that they were always standing just a little too close. But it was getting increasingly harder to pretend that he didn't notice anything, because they were just getting more and more ridiculous.
. His brother, his handsome and loving angel boyfriend and their adoptive nephilim son were all the people that he needed to make his little family complete. His life still sure as hell wasn't a fairytale. It was far from that. They all constantly screwed up and had to sweep up their messes after each other, but in the end they would always forgive and help each other to become better people and
"You have", Cas admitted unwillingly, rolling his eyes in defeat, "But still..it was stupid of you to risk your life for me. Michael could have ripped you to shreds and..I.. I just can't believe that you really did this". Dean took the angel's hand in his and squeezed it weakly, before he explained, "After all the things that you have done for me, it was about bloody time". Cas smiled, despite the deep worry lines on his forehead, as he felt the hunter's hand on his. "Thank you", Cas said softly, "But please warn me the next time you plan to do
His self doubts came crashing down on him like thunder, the lump in his throat growing stiffer with each swallow.
Suddenly, the warmth around his cock was gone and he sighed discontented at the loss of contact. But he was soon rewarded with the delightful weight of Dean's body on his own, their bodies aligning perfectly, as if they were made for each other. Dean kissed the angel again and rolled his hips, rutting against Castiel's hot skin as their dicks rocked against each other. Feeling Dean's twitching and hot cock against his own was a wholly different sensation than the hunter's mouth on him and he loved how he could feel the heat and pressure of Dean's entire body on his.
Dean looked down at the table as he lied to his brother yet again. It was bad enough that he was feeling miserable, so he didn't need to drag Sammy down with him. He was the only one that he had left now and he couldn't stand the thought of his little brother leaving him too. He had to be strong for Sam.
Cas' punchline had been good, Dean had to give him that much credit. He only wished that he hadn't used his newfound humor against him.
His brother looked at him concerned. Aside from the obvious exhaustion, there was something else in Dean's eyes that Sam couldn't quite figure out, so he asked "Hey man, are you okay?".
care about you?" He could see the pain in Dean‘s eyes as the words that Cas had just uttered began to sink in. Maybe it wasn’t just self-hatred and Dean was really just so clueless about the impact that he had on people..especially the impact he had on Cas.
Dean took a deep breath and shoved his hand backwards through his hair, letting it sit at the back of his head and rubbing slightly at the nape of his neck in a gesture of self comfort, before he finally gathered the courage to speak again. "Cas I-", he stammered and the way Cas looked at him expectantly made his tongue feel numb in his mouth. He closed his eyes and sighed and then, he finally said it, "I..I love you". But even as Dean was finally saying these words out loud, they still felt like a massive understatement. The word 'love' just didn't cut it when it came to Cas, because it couldn't possibly live up to the level of adoration and devotion that Dean felt for this man.
"Mornin' ", Dean answered with a tremble in his voice before he unconsciously licked his lips, watching the angel in this unusual attire. Cas didn't even look all that different, but this morning, his well-shaped body wasn't hidden by his loose-fitting trenchcoat and the way his hair was sticking out in random directions made Dean's breaths come out a bit heavier than usual. The thought of running his hands through the angel's perpetually messy and dark hair crossed his mind, but he reluctantly pushed it aside.
But right in this moment, none of it mattered, because he knew that it had been worth all his pain and that he would do it all over again just to lie here in the hunter's arms, where he knew he belonged.
One final deep thrust and another sharp grind at Dean's cock was all that it took for the hunter's whole body to tense up as his muscles deliciously constricted Castiel's cock. "Caaaahhh...Castiel", he screamed into the crook of the angel's neck, as he came, digging his fingernails deep into the flesh of the angel's back.
In his hopes that a hunt was the best idea to take his mind off things, Dean didn't factor in that Cas might be joining their hunt as well. But there he was, his trenchcoat swishing around his knees as he strode towards the Impala. He muttered a careful "Good morning" as he reached Dean's earshot, but there was no answer and not even a nod in his direction.
Dean closed his eyes and sighed. Had he done something wrong? Was he going too fast? He had been so sure that Cas was interested, so he had tried to make a move in his direction, but it failed. Maybe the angel wasn't ready yet to forgive Dean for all that had happened and he could understand that all too well.
He remembered the day that Dean had gone off on his own to fight Lucifer to save Cas, which in itself was a huge thing to do for
Dean pulled a clean cloth from his pocket and pressed it onto his still bleeding palm before he continued towards the Impala. He started the engine and pushed a mixtape into the tape slot and 'Blaze of Glory' by Bon Jovi started playing.
When the credits started to roll, he stretched himself out and turned around to look directly up at Cas. "You're awake", the angel remarked in a soft voice and Dean looked at him dreamily. "Yeah, I couldn't miss the finale, could I?", he answered with a smile, not taking his eyes off the angel.
Suddenly, Dean‘s long eyelashes fluttered and his sleepy eyes opened. He squinted. "Cas?", he whispered. "I‘m sorry, Dean..I was just-", Cas stuttered. "Watching me sleep", Dean grumbled, but he was still way too tired to start an argument right now.
It was in this moment that Dean realized just how vulnerable and fragile Cas was without his angel powers. Dean imagined that, in his current state, Cas was very close to being human, so he tried to be as gentle as he could. "That's it", Dean announced with a smile on his lips as he finished up, "Good as new".
Dean took a deep breath. "Cas..if you're a friend of mine, then you will understand that I have to do this and you won't try to stop me", he said slowly, with a bit of hesitation, because he knew that the words would hurt his friend and it wasn't easy for him. Regardless, his voice got louder as he added "You think this is easy on me? It has to be done."
Everything about this deal was so ambiguous and right now, Dean was afraid that he wouldn't be able to save the angel from his fate. That he would fail him
He lingered just for a moment, when he realized that Dean had stood up for him even back then. Even when every instinct and every fiber of his being had been telling him not to. Although Cas would have loved to lose himself in these memories, he realized that he had to carry on.
Dean looked at the angel ruefully. Even now, when Cas had more than enough reasons to hate Dean and to send him right away, he didn't. The forgiveness that he gave Dean without a single question felt like a stab to his heart. Whenever Castiel had apologized to him for the mistakes that he had made, Dean had always given him a hell of a hard time. And instead of paying him back in his own coin, the angel showed him forgiveness in a way that he had never experienced from anyone else before. Dean felt entirely unworthy of Castiel's kindness as he realized yet again that Cas was so much more than he had ever deserved.
"No", Cas answered with his dry and sassy humor, "You're still living on planet earth and I'm afraid that you're now stuck here with me". Dean chuckled and leaned his forehead against the angel's, still looking into his eyes dreamily. "I hope that's a promise, sweetheart, because there's no place I'd rather be", he whispered, before he leaned forward into his space to kiss him gently. Once. And then again.
He finished his sandwich quietly and when he looked back up at them, Sam could see the sheer affection between his brother and the angel, as they once again sat way too close to each other, silently smiling like the two idiots in love that they were. It was almost gross to see how deeply in love they were, but he couldn't deny that he was happy that they had finally figured things out between them.
Castiel was startled by Dean’s sudden outburst and turned his gaze back to the windshield. He, too, was relieved that the song had been interrupted, as it gave him way too many feelings. He tried to catch Dean's glance in the rearview mirror, but - for once - he was just staring straight at the street in front of him.
And now Dean can’t say it does, or Sam will laugh, and he can’t say it doesn’t, because he can’t stand that look on Castiel’s face. Wouldn’t you know it, demons or no, he’s screwed again.
Dean takes in a breath, lets it go, and smiles. “Tell me you got a spare copy at your place,” he says, “and I’m there.”
Castiel starts it. Dean’s poring over a book of lore in the rebuilt Men of Letters library, and Castiel is passing by with an empty mug of coffee. On his way back to the kitchen to refill it, he drops a light kiss on Dean’s ear.
A stone of dread settles deep in Charlie’s stomach. If Castiel doesn’t want it to come to this, then what they need Dean for can’t be any good.
Now, he looks back and laughs at his own blindness. The seconds, he knows now, are not just building blocks to build the great arcs of time. It’s time that exists for the sake of those seconds – the ticks of the clock between which everything important happens. Decisions are made in a moment, and decisions drive everything. Ideas leap to minds, lives are lost or fortunes won, and brothers protect or destroy each other in a matter of seconds, not years. He’s seen so many of those crucial moments now that he can never go back to viewing life the way he did before.
“Uh,” he says, and oh my god the guy is close and he’s cuter up close, no, cuter isn’t the right word, he’s handsome, hot even.
Oh, screw everything. Charlie turns over and buries her head in her pillow. This isn’t her fault. She can’t help it. The author is shipping it. The author is the one making the overly grandiose parallels between the two of them. “Sharing more”? “Something moving within him”? How was that not written as a deliberate tease?
“Anyway,” Dean says. “Off topic. Why don’t we ask him what he wants to be called? Hey. Clayface.” He pounds on the table until the inebriated golem pays attention. “You got a name? You want a name?”
A long time ago maybe Cas would have zapped in. Imparted a few words of wisdom, flown off again. But Cas doesn’t care. If he cared, he would have come along.
Dean frowns. “What do you mean, what about them? You have the chance to meet them. Why the hell would you stay around here?”
“Castiel. I’m named after an obscure angel. So, growing up, I was obviously interested in angelic lore. I’ve seen myself as a sort of grounded angel my whole life… I suppose that sounds egomaniacal, but it was just my version of imagining. Some children play that they’re princes or cowboys.” He reddens, visibly even in the dim light. “I’m rambling.”
Dean starts. The pedal hits the floor, and he’s going 100 for a few seconds before he gets the throttle back down to a reasonable 80.
Either way, she hopes they will find themselves on the same side of the equation soon. Having them at odds like this is killing her.
Dean looks at Castiel then and forgetes to breathe. Castiel has the pick of a thousand million stars to look at, but he’s staring at Dean right now. Staring as if Dean is the only thing in the universe. Dean feels his heart twinge, and, to avoid enduring that gaze any longer, reaches out and pulls Castiel close, slinging an arm around his shoulder and slotting his own body in behind Cas’s, leaning down to breathe in the scent of him.
“Castiel.” Charlie grinned, wrote the name down on the yellow pad next to her computer, and stared at it. “That’s it, I’m gonna figure out what you are.” She minimized her e-book reader and opened a Chrome tab, typing in the name and watching as the hits lined up.
There is something bewitching in familiarity. Something that lends a person to behave in a way they did years prior when times were easier and less constricting. Trauma tends to be a type of bridge, where old lovers reunite, if not as lovers, as comfortable strangers.
Castiel forces himself out of the memory, shifts slightly in his seat, and continues: “Would you care to explain, my child?”
“Please, thank you.” Lisa smiles wholeheartedly. She doesn’t know why she is so at ease with this man who was the love of her man’s life. She knew he was, she knew she couldn’t deny it. She wanted to hate Cas for what he did to Dean, wanted to be jealous, wanted to ask him why? But she couldn’t, she knew she couldn’t, there was just something about Cas that made Lisa feel calm and at ease, and damn it all - she enjoyed being around him.
“I don’t. I vet each suspect thoroughly.” She goes through event after event, call after call, looks at bruise after bruise, and reads their stories.
every time he chooses movie night, so it’s okay.” He leaves to go to his room, and Lisa scoots her chair closer to Sam and Eileen.
Dean begins fidgeting the moment he gets home. He cooks burgers for the three of them on the grill he set up and begins drumming on the table after they finish eating.
Lisa had the most confused face when Dean got home the previous night, that Dean was positive guilt was seeping through every fucking pore. He didn’t really know guilt for what, though.
Dean shrugged, Sam’s look was warranted, but when convictions were in the balance, anything was fair game.
Dean walks into his kitchen expecting to see his girlfriend, but instead he sees Cas, washing dishes. The urge to go up and hug him from behind like he used to do all those years ago is only thwarted by the agent at his side. Dean clears his throat slightly to get Cas to turn around.
He twisted his wrists to free his hands, causing intense rope burn that delighted Mary. All the pain was being inflicted by him, which was just… glorious.
Dean walks into the sanctuary, unable to find Cas. He wanders throughout the Church and finds him in his office, papers strewn everywhere, a tablet with another murder on top. He knew about it, Benny called him on it about ten minutes prior, but he just wanted to see Cas first. Hell, he needed to see Cas first.
Father Novak agreed to sit with Ben on a park bench. It was after their talk in the kitchen that Ben felt the priest would be a good confidante for this journal. Ben needed to place it into someone else’s hands.
Dean arrives home to find his packed suitcase at the door, along with several boxes. He goes in search of Lisa, to find out what she had decided for him - and what he had decided for himself.
He smiles fondly as he pours himself a cup. Dean must have programmed the coffee maker the evening before, while Cas picked flowers for Lisa to explain Dean’s prolonged absence.
“I don’t plan on losing the man I love again over you, nor do I plan to be imprisoned due to your master plan.”
Searching for the strength to draw breath, Castiel responds. “Those words you need are here: I am in love with you, Dean Winchester.” He wants to pull Dean into him, wants to console him, wants to reiterate the words Bobby said to Dean all those years ago,
“Yeah, Benny called me.” Dean watches as he sees Cas become more and more restless, and yet also somehow more and more resolved.
Dean shakes his head fondly at the floor. He never thought he would be doing home repairs as a member of some nuclear family in some suburb. Yeah, he did small apartment maintenance with Cas, but when he thought of his future -
“Why are you doing this? Why now?” He wants to know, truly. Why follow them, why here, why not let them live in peace? No one was chasing her anymore.
She laughs slightly as she follows her son downstairs to make some coffee and instruct the movers as to what goes where.
“That don’t ring true, Benny. Cas knew what you were looking for. He would have only given this to you without a warrant if he weren’t guilty.”
Dean’s forehead creases and he purveys one Bloody Mary with squinted eyes. He knew there was more to this than just Cas.
Dean pauses to search blue eyes for strength. He steels himself and continues. “I’ll probably get mad about it again, I’ll probably get mad at you again, it’s just who I am, anger, anger lives in me, man, and I hate it, and sometimes I hate myself. I saw it in Dad, you know, and I see it in myself, and I just… You loved me so much that it made the anger kinda chill out. But when you… when you kinda lost it there for a bit, I lost it too, in a different way. Fuck baby, I forgive you, of course I forgive you.”
Cas smiles slightly, amused at what Dean perceives to be a rejection. “Yes, both of those things are true, but in addition to the possibility of fornication in a Church’s kitchen, I am attending your home for dinner tonight.”
Eileen elbows Mary in the stomach, causing her to drop the knife, which really pisses off the serial killer, but the woman had a hell of an elbow.
Cas’s nostrils flare and he grips the arms of his chair. Mary smiles at the thinly veiled rage. She is taken off guard when Cas leaps across the desk, knocking them both on the floor.
Ben swallows the bile that creeped into his young throat, yells: “Coming” in the general direction of the stairs, looks around his room once more to make sure nothing looks disturbed, and leaves, shutting the door behind him.
“Hiya, I am just so pleased to meet ya. I am your next-door neighbor, Melanie. My husband will be home in a little bit, or I’d introduce you to him too. He works at the law firm Williams, Hawkins, and Bridges.”
Dean huffs a smile as he dries his eyes with the back of his hands and resumes his position across the desk.
Cas takes the mixture off the stove and turns to Ben, taking whole apples out of the water and slicing them alongside the young teenager. He puts them into a new bowl and Ben follows suit.
“So, I left, thinking Dean didn’t love me any more anyway. He said he did, he said we would work through it, but I… I couldn’t believe it, he didn’t make me believe it. The empty bottles of Jack didn’t make me believe it. So, I made myself believe he would be better off without me, that he wanted me gone with each rugged attempt at love making, at each sound of disgust when I would have a case file out. I hated myself, so I made myself believe Dean hated me too. I was too tired, too worn to truly realize he hated himself too.”
Dean knew his father was a bounty hunter, and he never knew how many guys he killed, and he didn’t want to think about it.
Dean knew Cas wouldn’t fall for that. Of course he wouldn’t fall for that. This was Cas, an ex FBI agent.
Dean came to Lisa damaged, hurting, in more pain than he thought he could handle. He remembers her opening the door and letting him in, trying her damnedest to put him back together. Sam begged him to go to her, so Dean did. Not because he loved her, but because Sam thought it would put together the broken pieces of a man who drank himself into suspension and a desk job. A man who gave up on life because the love of his life gave up on him.
“This… this case.... is a very, very personal one for me, Sam, as you know. It ruined me. I…I allowed it to ruin me. I allowed it to ruin us. I wanted nothing more than to be Dean’s husband, and I royally screwed up.”
The young teenager thumbs through the rest of the pages. He notices graphic drawings of crime scenes, each with burned bodies being the final product - like some horrific graphic novel. The victims all started out in a cross shape on the ground, ashes on their forehead. Ben’s hands grow clammy and he notices all the scenes look eerily the same. There’s handwriting next to some of them, some with things crossed out - scrawled out. There’s a map at the back, with stars in all the locations Ben saw earlier on the timeline. He knows there’s gotta be over 20. He sees the one in New York marked with orange. He feels sick.
Shenandoah Valley was not completely devoid of interest, Mary Collins noted. She looked down at the paper in her hand to make sure she had the right address. With gloved hands she casually knocks at the back door.
The spunky redhead mutters as she stands staring at the body of Gregory Ball alongside Benny and Dean.
With a slight shake of her head, causing her shoulder length brown hair to tickle her shoulders, her smile turns deadpan - although somehow still reassuring. This was not the first time she woke the man she loved up from screaming into his pillow.
“Uh, well…” Sam hesitates, not knowing what to say or where to go. Technically this was Dean’s deal, and technically Dean and Cas did nothing wrong, but Lisa deserved to know. She deserved to know the shattered man she took in was eye fucking with the local priest. Okay, that was harsh. It was
“Oh all right, he angered me. He incensed me. He knew why I did what I did but said nothing. So, I had to make him a victim too. I planned to drive him crazy, or at least have him on trial. Was there really a hair?”
“I know you were a federal agent, Father Novak. You were on my case for a while. We became good friends I think.”
“Because their lives were so entwined probably, because they were both so fucked up they didn’t know when to quit and everything bled into everything else and their hatred consumed them both.”
Mary finally found the perfect sedative. One that kept her victims out for just long enough to be dragged to a chair and tied with expert knots she learned from a public computer’s YouTube. She got the blood bags she ordered from a slightly less than reputable site she had delivered to a P.O. Box in another state.
The real estate agent takes it upon herself to introduce everyone, because she was Susan Struthers after all - and as such she had a reputation to uphold in this little community of hers.
Dean awakens to a hand on his shoulder and tears wetting his pillow. He turns to his girlfriend, who wipes his tears with her gentle hand.
“The neighbors here are just wonderful, aren’t they?” Susan more or less cooed, pouncing upon the chance to highlight the doe eyed lady’s appearance of niceness.
“Wasp spray.” She nods her head in understanding, as she pointedly looks away from the object of his indication.
He looks at the dates and times of the murders and seems to remember each one for various reasons other than them being the dates of the murders, which just happened to be times he and Cas were at the exact same places the murders take place. But they were always together.
Ben looks to Cas and nods. “Yeah, she sent me in here to help. She’s wondering when Sam and Eileen are gonna make it back with the charcoal.”
Ben swallows. “Uh, okay, so like, how do you know two people are happy?” The young man figured he just might as well go all in now. I mean, the dude was a priest wasn’t he?
Dean reaches out his hands and puts them on the arms of the chair, millimeters away from Cas’s. He can feel the heat, the electricity radiating between them, and he yearns to reach out. But he doesn’t, because this time his actions are going to be words, like they should have been all those years ago. He should’ve told him to stay. He should’ve recognized that sometimes quitting takes strength, and maybe they should’ve quit together. But he’s here, in front of him, and Dean will be damned if he loses the chance to tell him it even once more.
“So, if I were defending Cas, I would say this signature is not his style at all. I mean, the perp got the nickname because the crime was distinctively feminine, right?”
Dean thinks, then sighs. His fingers run over the grooves Cas’s nails made on the office chair all those years ago.
“Sucks, doesn’t it?” Mary leans back in her chair as she lazily plays with the letter opener. She watches as the priest squints, examining it.
She didn’t worry about competing with a memory, she wanted Dean to hold on to every memory of a love that consumed him.
“You know, I was thinking. We are settled, more or less, in life, and I think it is time we thought about those children we have been talking about.”
Dean knows he could have been more descriptive, he never talked about Cas, only screamed out his name at night. Of course Lis thought he was dead - if only because of the type of grief Dean demonstrated. But Dean did feel dead inside, and he brought that horrible type of wretched pain to this glorious woman, who had every right to be angry with him right now.
Dean is hit with the blue all over again and he tries really hard not to focus on Cas’s forearms - as his shirt was rolled up. He swallows and looks back and forth between Cas and Benny. He notices Cas’s eyes are trained on the man at his side, and he can see the guilt and pain in them and how he yearns to take that away.
She also wanted to be jealous. He was beautiful, and they had spent a decade together, while she and Dean only had three years. They were a good three years, but she knew Cas got the best of Dean, and she wanted to be jealous of that too. But she couldn’t muster the feeling, and she wondered what was wrong with her. Standing in front of her was the person who made the man she loved cry every night - but how could she compete with that?
But the priest and the FBI agent know that right now at least, they can’t have it - that carnal knowledge they had once shared countless times.
“Bullshit.” Dean was not going to let him go again, and Cas was gonna have to reckon with that, because Dean knows he wants it too.
Castiel does not remember what he spoke on. He thinks he remembers mechanically reading from his notes, perhaps something about kindness? That seemed right. That must have been it. Words left his lips freely, but he did not care what they were. The only thing he was focused on was the exquisite beauty of Dean Winchester. Castiel remembered every curve of his body, but he felt the pull to his soul more than anything else.
“Earlier today when I told you I had cause to think these men might have deserved it, I had reason.”
He gets up to hug the other man, their embraces were always the same: rough, ending with a final pat on the back.
She walked into the kitchen, pulled down a glass, opened a bag of blood into it, added an airplane sized vodka, a stalk of celery, and a green olive from a jar she kept in her bag.
Dean chuckles as he places his arm around her waist. “Well, Lis, at least it didn’t make too much of a mark.”
Benny bends down to examine the body just a bit closer. Like all the others, it’s pale, and it’s a man, but unlike the others, this one has a loose hair on his head that does not match the others.
At least, that’s what he thought. He told everyone he was the heir to the Ball fortune, of mason jar fame. While it was a good story, it was not true, and everyone knew this. The heir to any fortune, mason jar or otherwise, would not live in Shenandoah Valley. People would smile politely at Mr. Ball and walk away.
Dean nods sadly. Sadly because he knew what would happen when he got back to Lis, knew what would have to transpire, and although he knew, he still didn’t want to hurt her. Or Ben.
“Okay, so, let’s pull up Charlie’s info, the contacts. Yeah, sure they are from that college, but tons of people work at that college.”
Cas sighs as he nods. “I understand Ben, but the writings in that journal do not seem at all to be parallel with the morals of Dean.”
He also forgot to turn off the TV. Mary pushed her hair back with one hand as she grabbed the top of the railing with the other.
“Tell me why you left, babe. Please. Tell me about this case now. I got the new details now. I need your help, I need your cooperation, fuck, babe, I need you.”
Mary drums her perfect fingernails on the cold table. “It’s where my father was injured, shot probably.”
“Benny was in agony for months, she just kept killing, and we were always one step behind. Every time Dean would come home from the hospital, he would make sure not to make eye contact with me. Benny was so bitter for so long, not that I blamed him. I caused him to lose a leg.”
Cas rolls his eyes as he begins kissing his husband’s neck. Dean’s body was his altar and he placed his worship in a holy place.
“I planted nothing, no evidence of any kind, that would have been far too obvious. Yes, I was trying to frame Castiel Novak, but leaving one of his hairs at the scene of the crime would surely have ruined my years of work. I would never do something that left me so undone.”
Mary bites the corner of her bottom lip in thought as she looks to her husband, who is taking tiny nibbles from his dry, cough-inducing, toast.
Great, his boyfriend had felt a connection with a serial killer. Wait, what kind of connection? Dean felt all types of envy when it came to Cas. His fiance was a beautiful man, Dean knew that, and others’ eyes often ogled him just as Dean did every morning, noon, and night. He felt that familiar pang, and was none too proud of it - especially when it came to a serial killer.
Dean looks down momentarily before once more resuming the question. He knew who the insider was. And he knew why they did it. But it did lead them to the truth.
Lisa looks up from the tablecloth she is laying out with various types of foods to see a smiling priest.
“All right, well, you said Cas discovered something about the victims, that they weren’t exactly innocent, right.”
“I was sitting at a kitchenette table, my dad feeding me dinner, and you know who kicked our door in and blew my father’s brains out in front of me?”
Just like he knew he would, Dean’s eyes go straight to Cas’s lips. He sees them, he wants them, wants to taste the salt from the priest’s tears. But fuck, he was a priest. And Dean was involved with Lisa. He couldn’t, and he wouldn’t. Cas would let him, of course Cas would let him. But this - this wasn’t the time, or the place. So he stood there, allowing the keys in his hand to ground him. Why the fuck did he come here anyway?
A middle-aged woman with auburn hair, hazel eyes, and a strut that mirrored the best cat walk in the countryside, wanders into the foyer, her summer cotton dress clinging to her chest from the heat, the perfect picture of a Tennessee Williams’s play.
“Dude. Joe and Mary.” Dean gets excited with the possibility of a lead as he looks up their names in the University database.
“I get that I’m a genius, but there’s nothing for me to do here. No phone calls to trace, it seems random.”
“Maybe. But I knew him well enough to know he does that to everyone he loves at one point or another.”
Dean looks up from his desk to a smiling man in a fisherman’s cap and a beard. Dean truly did love the man standing in front of his desk like a brother. He’d been through so much shit with him, trained with him, graduated with him.
“I was tired Dean. And I had lost faith in myself. I didn’t care about the victims anymore. I wondered if they deserved it.”
He left him then. Dean felt a pang of guilt, but bright blue encompassed everything - just like they always had.
Ben stays silent through the long pause. He plays with the ties on the journal, twirling them in his fingers.
“I don’t just wanna leave you and Ben like…” He didn’t want to leave, to forsake. He couldn’t be that man, but he also knew Lisa was right, as usual.
He handed her the flowers and she gave him a kiss on the cheek and told him dinner was in the fridge.
“My brother never gave up on the love of his life, and that led him here. Dean has been a mom, a dad, and a big brother to me ever since I was a kid. He got me through law school with money when I needed it, and Cas got me through it with studying help when I needed it. Pretty sure my brother-in-law knows just as much about the law as I do. I am so grateful you two dumbasses finally ended up here.”
Cas wakes violently. Sweat trickles down his bare back and he looks over, expecting Dean to be there. He’s not. Of course he’s not. He left suddenly after their hands touched, mumbling about how he had to get beer and he was already late. Cas implored him to stay long enough for the priest to pick a bouquet of flowers for Lisa. Dean agreed, but went inside the church to go to the bathroom.
“Definitely. But I don’t want him to even get to trial Sam.” He wanted him in his arms right fucking now.
Cas draws his bottom lip into his mouth in thought. He would love for nothing more than for Dean to cook for him. To watch Dean as he expertly places things in a pan, as he savors every molecule of his taste test. But now probably was not the best of times.
“I have good life with a warm woman and a screaming kid that I couldn’t love any more. I have a boat I take out fishing on the weekends. I run 5k’s every so often ‘cause I want to show people I can. I ain’t got a bad thought for the man whose stray bullet caught me in the leg. Hell, I’m just grateful to you for saving my life.”
Sam walks into the Church’s office to see Cas sitting cross-legged on the floor on a mountain of papers.
A woman he instantly recognizes as Melanie Hawkins by her distinctive perfume, sits on the other side of the screen. Cas smiles slightly at her profile, her new hat’s feather bobbing up and down.
Their stroll is in silence, not for want of anything to say, but of a coming together of a type of peace. A peace they only felt in one another’s presence. Castiel stops below an apple tree, and extends a hand to pick a low hanging ripe fruit. Dean stops beside him as their hands brush against one another, and for one blessed moment, in that garden - time stopped.
, but Dean knew he had to control himself. This man, this man who kept giving and giving - reminding Dean of Shel Silverstien’s
Sam smiles slightly and shakes his head as he looks at Dean’s computer. Dean had to make himself focus, yeah, he was proud, but did this shelter have a connection?
Mary let herself in the back door of the Ball’s home with a lock pick she ordered online. Handy thing, the internet.
The first pew is generally occupied by the Smiths, a generic family with a generic name. It was a good, strong, name – full of possibilities. In the family, Josie Smith, the nineteen-year-old daughter, a college student, planned to build windmills in countries without access to power. Mark Smith, her father, was an architect by day and a professor by night. His wife, Patricia Smith, sold a popular brand of cosmetics. They were always first at the door, and always in the first pew - devout in their faith. However, it is now occupied by Father Novak himself, as he sips from his coffee of many colors and looks at the statues in front of him.
Warm, smooth, bitter liquid passes through her lips, soothing her slightly dry throat. She nibbles on the dry toast in front of her while reading the news on her tablet. She keeps tabs on certain locales, and just as one thumbnail catches her attention, her husband speaks.
“If it fit so well, why didn’t you and Bobby arrest him?”Dean knew the answer and he just wanted to see Benny admit it.
If the man he loves more than life itself did kill all those men he didn’t even really consider victims, did that make him such a bad person?
“Okie dokie. Here’s what I’ll do. I’ll make a database of all the victim’s contacts, all their contacts, and see if there’s a pattern, but it’ll take a while.”
Her voice is almost breathed, it's deep, raspy, and Cas almost feels it is the female version of his own. He swallows.
“You have no choice. You cannot tell anyone what you know, it is the rite of confession, and regardless of your love, you still took vows, you are still a priest.” She was nothing if not thorough.
Dean finds him in the garden, as he knew he would. He watches him for a moment before coming up behind him.
Cas could picture Dean then, probably one hand running down his face, the other clutching the phone, trying not to throw it.
“Just say it, all right. Say it so I know I ain’t crazy. Say it so that every time I fucking sob your name in my sleep it will have been worth it.”
Sam sees the pain in her eyes, and he hates this next part. He waits, he licks his bottom lip, thinks about not saying it. But he does, he has to, because it’s Lisa, because she’s good, because she deserves to know.
Cas smiles to himself as he begins to cook the butter and sugar, making a type of caramel sauce. It was an unconventional way to make an apple pie, but it was delicious.
“Well, Father, there is a new character on my favorite Soap Opera, and I find myself very attracted to him.”
Once everyone has gone to their respective homes, hotels, and churches, Dean turns to Lisa with a smile. They are in the kitchen, cleaning up, very domestic, very usual, when in reality it was everything but.
Sam sighs, he tries to allow a type of calm anchor him, knowing this wasn’t going to be an easy conversation.
Dean looks at him with the tiniest hint of tears in his exquisite green eyes. Cas hates seeing those tears and knowing he is the reason for those tears. He hated causing Dean any kind of pain.
Cas’s breathing becomes ragged, and he tries to channel his days at the Bureau - attempting to steel his nerves so he can continue. He needed to do his job - both of them.
“Hm. Perhaps, but you will be the one on trial. And I will be the one living in your parish, only two doors down from your beloved, watching as he lives his life unable to save you. Again.”
Mary laughs, and in spite of various types of warnings Cas has been trained to detect, he finds himself drawn to her all the more.
“What would you have had me do? Glorify another serial killer? I stayed silent on what I knew hoping you would stop because there was no glory in it. I knew how smart you were, how careful. I know how difficult it is to be that careful. I thought you’d stop caring.”
Gabriel’s debut of his one-man comedy show was very fresh in Dean’s mind. He and Cas were very drunk after and also very, very horny. They realized they left the lube at home and Cas went downstairs to the gift shop of the hotel to buy some. He staggered back a while after with an industrial size bottle unbagged and said that was all the drug store two miles away had. They made good use of it.
Mary adjusts her red sundress and Cas can’t get over the intense feeling of deja vu. Cas follows her gaze towards her husband, who is laughing with Lisa. It’s a good type of laugh too - straight from the belly, and Cas finds himself envious of the mirth.
Fucking hell. His knees become weak and Cas intuitively holds him up with a strong grip, an imperceptible motion to anyone but them.
They stare at one another, each seeking the other’s eyes for their home - a place readily found. And when home is found, one likes to stay there.
“Yeah?” He doesn’t know what she’ll ask, and the only thing he has on his mind now is Cas. Cas, his Cas, his goodness, his light, his love. And they made it through this. And it was over, and he didn’t care what came out of her mouth next.
Melanie Hawkins’s sin of the day was no less amusing than usual, and Cas was a tiny bit sad to lose her company once she felt absolved. His mind had been perpetually distracted since he had seen Dean, more so since there had been a murder seemingly done by none other than Bloody Mary herself. His mind needed the distraction of Melanie Hawkins.
Castiel reaches out a hand, wanting to feel the heat again. Dean takes it, and it's there, better than he ever imagined it could be. Heat travels from his hand, to his heart, and settles in his pit. He notices the clamminess of Dean’s palm, and he wants that palm everywhere, as it had so often been in the past.
“Oh, hello Benny, can I help you?” The priest is surprised to see Benny there, mainly because even though he had received Benny’s forgiveness, he had no disillusion they were going to be friends.
Dean finds a small smile on the right side of his lips, in spite of everything. This was the philosophical Cas he could never get enough of - the one who thought of angels while looking at the Ocean.
Mary once more turns her attention to the article, hoping she can make it through the story this time.
“Yeah, I’ll miss the hell outta them man, not gonna lie, but you, damn Cas, you’re it for me, man.” Leave it to Cas to care about other people more than his own happiness.
Cas starts and sits forward in the confessional. He feels his palms begin to sweat and wipes them on his pants. He licks his bottom lip that had suddenly gone dry.
Ben stopped reading, put the journal down on the table in front of him for a couple seconds before picking it back up. He noticed the asterisk.
“You will always be the best humanity has to offer, and I can’t ask you to leave the life you’ve created for an uncertain future with me.”
She smiled her beautiful smile when he handed her the flowers and a bottle of her favorite wine. He wanted to tell her then. Wanted to tell her that the love of his life was their priest and he wanted him, and he wanted to forget everything and everyone and live with Cas in some secret hideaway for the rest of their lives.
Mary dragged him into an armchair and began her work. It was routine now, every step coming back to her due to what she deemed muscle memory, and a hint of desire.
Dean’s shaking hands betray him and he looks to the man he so readily considered his father. “I uh… Cas…”
Dean nods, scared, but trying to be strong for both of them, like he should’ve tried to do three years prior instead of being a drunken, blaming mess. He wants to give Cas everything he needs, and God how he wants to try.
Cas nods reluctantly, knowing full well Dean can’t see him. He wants to stall, he wants to keep everything close to the vest, he doesn’t want Dean to hate him, to turn away - again. But he proceeds, because he must, because it’s Dean and Dean
“What are you doing here?” Dean knew, but he hated how all the past was being dredged up right the fuck now. It was too much too soon: Cas, the case, the murders. It was all there and it was all intense. He was a man of action, he acted impulsively, and he just hoped he didn’t do something stupid.
Dean looks away as Cas places his hands behind his back for Benny to handcuff. Castiel wishes he could heal his love’s pain.
Cas embraces Benny fully, his arms engulfing the man and holding him close. He allows himself to cry into Benny’s shoulder, and Dean can’t help but notice Benny’s face is dry, his eyes open staring at the mess of flour on the counter.
“We gotta get going, just wanted to say hi, and possibly welcome you to the neighborhood.” Lisa turns around, stops, then suddenly turns back around. “Oh, and you are more than welcome to stop by to our BBQ tonight, around seven?”
Dean is accustomed to the ritualistic rites he must perform as a pseudo Catholic. He makes sure to not make eye contact as he walks down the aisle behind Lisa and Ben. He kneels at the altar and crosses himself before making eye contact with the Priest – whose oceanic blue eyes are glued on his.
With a robe haphazardly thrown over broad, muscled shoulders, he wanders to the area that has become his kitchen and finds a note in front of the coffee maker.
“Your inaction caused my action, not to mention the actions of your beloved. And, as I will not harm anyone else, you must stay silent, priest.”
He didn’t really even think about his brother being there to visit, the only thing he really thought of – the only thing he could think of – was Cas. The man’s bedhead, those ridiculous boxers, those blue eyes he always got willingly lost in. Looking up into those eyes in so many different positions. He grabs the handle of the cart tightly, thinking about Sam’s words.
Emerald eyes turn hard. “You can’t?” Dean can’t fucking believe this guy. They have a second chance, their second chance, and Cas is what? Giving up again? Giving up on
Two smiles break the tension, and Dean knows he’s forgiven, but he doesn’t move. He likes that position - he’s shattered at the altar of Castiel. Kneeling in front of him, imploring, wanting, yearning felt
“Mary, Joe, this is Lisa and her son, Ben. I sold them a house a few doors down just a little bit ago. Don’t you love it here?”
She wants to hate him, wants to dislike him for what he put Dean through.  Lisa remembers Dean standing on her porch, eyes red, bloodshot, and empty. She remembers letting him in, holding him, kissing him, telling him everything would be okay. She remembers how the priest’s name has been screamed out every night for the past three years, bringing wet wash cloths to wipe off Dean’s sweat soaked body, oh how she wanted to hate Castiel.
Dean puts his forefinger up. “Not possible, man.” The man whom Dean had knowledge of in every sense of the term could not possibly be guilty of taking lives, regardless of their ‘guilt’ in life. His lover believed the lives of men were sacred, this could not be him.
Returning the vial, the man pulls out a pack of matches, lights one, throws it onto Mary’s scarlet-soaked dress, and leaves through the window of whence he came.
Ben nods as he puts the journal in his jacket. “Yeah, that helps, I guess, I guess I was just worried Dean had some weird obsession like that too, you know?”
Dean starts. “Deserved it? They bled out slowly, man. They were fathers, husbands, charity workers, and you think they fucking deserved it?”
Castiel Novak knows how difficult of a confession that was for Dean Winchester to make. He typically didn’t believe in shrinks, but for Cas, he would. Just like for Cas he went to church, for Cas he went out to eat at fancy restaurants, he went to plays and operas and dramatic readings, and Cas felt sick.
The words shocked Castiel somewhat and he sat up straighter. The voice echoes something he’s heard before - and then he notices this woman seems familiar - but from where? He struggles to place it, and he feels that it must have been very long ago, if at all.
Dean and Benny arrive at Dean and Lisa’s house to a driveway full of cars, and Dean realizes that this is it. His brother, his sister-in-law, his girlfriend, his buddy, and his ex fiancé were all gonna be there. What a great fucking time.
Her eyes turned to Mr. Whitmire, life slowly being drained from him. It seemed fitting somehow, for him to have to listen to her voice in his final moments.
Ben’s hand shook slightly as he put the journal down. He knew this wasn’t Dean’s, it couldn’t be. Dean was only a kid then. Ben looks around, tucks the journal under his arm, goes to his room, and puts it under his mattress. He wonders if he should ask his mom or Dean about it.
The priest’s nerves lay him bare, as he knows he did not hear wrong at all. He swallows the air he feels, invading his throat.
“I love you. I love you more than I have ever loved anyone. The memory of your face, your green eyes, they have allowed me to live these past three years. The idea that you existed in the world and that you were happy…”
John Winchester is suddenly arisen from his television induced slumber by the smell of smoke. He runs upstairs to see his eldest son trying to battle the flames to get into the room where his little brother is wailing in his crib.
“I appreciate it, thank you.” He did appreciate the gesture, being handcuffed from behind was painful.
The BBQ is much more crowded than Cas anticipated, but he was always peaceful among his flock. Melanie Hawkins stopped by, as did Susan Struthers. They could each only stay for a minute as they had important things to do, but Cas found himself the most entranced by their newest neighbor - Mary.
They hadn’t seen each other since that fateful day three years ago - the day Cas left and the day Dean let him.
The church’s garden was Father Novak’s favorite place in the community. They raised vegetables for a farmer’s market they had on Saturdays in the parking lot. The profits went towards members of the community who could not afford basic necessities, and the extra produce went to them as well. Castiel felt somewhat reprieved.
“What did, babe?” Dean took his free hand off the steering wheel, and held it to his stomach. The anger had subsided for the most part - and he knew he forgave Cas without even a second thought. It was just like this with them, Dean’s anger, Dean’s misunderstandings, Cas’s good intentions, and their falling back together - except last time. Dean sits a bit straighter and listens.
Castiel, emissary of the Lord, traces his lips with his forefinger. He wonders if he would have put up with the insults for that one kiss.
“I should’ve stopped you. There ain’t been a day where I didn’t regret not stopping you.” It’s here Dean decides that even though it won’t fix a fucking thing, it still matters. “I uh, I don’t know how this’ll work out Cas. I mean, how could I, ya know? There’s so many factors, so much shit, that it’s too much, but uh…”
He strolled with his hands clasped behind him until he stopped in front of a gardenia. He felt the petals, closed his eyes, shedding a tear.
After the movie about cartoon fish ends, Ben returns to his room and pulls the journal out from under his mattress. He can’t explain why he wants to look at it again, maybe he just wants to know.
“Then I’ll find them.” And he would, damn straight he would. Cas look at him with sad eyes that hold no hope, and Dean wanted to make that spark of hope return, and if he had the chance, he would make sure that spark never left again.
“I found this house. It’s in a neighborhood fairly close to the University. It looks like a great place to start a family. What do you think?”
Cas begins to highlight one of the papers and puts it on top of another. He does seem to have some sort of system, and Sam is somewhat impressed. He happens to glance over at a pretty horrific photo.
Dean knew she was right, knew she was making the best decision for her. She deserved to be loved fully.
Cas allows needed tears to fall. Sam hands him a tissue he found on the desk. He pushes it against his eyes.
Cas gingerly places the letter back into the front page of the book and places the book in Dean’s nightstand drawer.
He exercised his right to remain silent, much to Dean’s relief. He knew Cas would need a good lawyer, he had already texted Sam.
Mary’s eyes trail over to a teenager and his mom building what looks to be a type of gazebo-looking thing in their front yard.
“Call me for anything, got it?” He didn’t want to admit how much he wanted to hear his phone ring as soon as he left that room.
“We clung to each other as if we needed one another for survival, and we pushed each other away at the same time .It was a constant back and forth, where we were either yelling at one another or crashing together. I blamed her even more then, thinking she had ruined the one wonderful thing I had in my life. I hated her.”
“You were my brother for a decade. You almost killed my blood brother when you left, you don’t get to be so fucking flippant with me.”
“You know I love you. You know leaving was the greatest regret of my life. If I do not have a chance to make it up to you that will be my second biggest regret. However, if we want to catch Bloody Mary…”
“Don’t you see that makes no fucking sense! Why would a killer be that obsessed with you?” Benny’s anger surprises Dean, and he would argue more, but he needed to get Cas out of jail.
Bobby and Ellen were the hosts everywhere they went, including people’s houses. A trait everyone was good with, especially since they often brought the alcohol. This one year wedding anniversary party was no exception.
The office door is suddenly swung open. A tall, looming man stands in the doorway, hands awkwardly by his side, his mouth hanging slightly open at the sight in front of him. He clears his throat slightly, as the two men didn’t notice his presence somehow. Which, to be fair, they didn’t - not immediately anyway.
Joe nods, his smile replaced by a look of complete confusion. His wife was not prone to sudden outbursts of violence.
“I cared, Dean. About you, about our family. But no, I did not care about those victims, not one bit.”
Dean asked for and was granted an extended lunch hour. He forgot he had a shit ton of food to buy for a BBQ he completely forgot about, between seeing Cas and moving and the murder and absolutely fucking everything. He got a few weird looks, especially since this case was sitting in his lap. Literally in fact – in a manila folder. He wasn’t needed at the crime scene, not this time, as Bobby told him in his usual gruff manner.
“Do you know who did?” This suddenly dawned on Dean, and he doesn’t know how he missed it before. It explained Cas’s actions, his sudden rekindled obsession with this case, the papers, he knew, but for some reason he couldn’t tell, and what would prevent him for telling.
Cas began to scratch an itch that suddenly developed on his chest. He had to plead. Their joint obsession would lead to his downfall.
“Hey, Cas, come on. We’ll figure it out, just like we always do, all right? Come on, let’s get you dressed.”
God, how Dean loved that man. He looks to the ground. “But uh, what if I wasn’t with him all the time?”
. He’s done everything short of kissing Cas, but he knows he’s still cheating. Emotional cheating, one of Lis’s friends called it.
Mary scoffs, then nods. The images of her father being gunned down in front of her replaying in her mind.
“Yeah, he’s uh, looking over some files Charlie’s sending him. Thing is, seems like just about everybody in this town has been in Mr. Ball’s home. We are trying to separate the old DNA from the new and are collecting samples from everybody in this area.”
Dean chuckles as he stops trying to pile the fruit back on the display and starts handing them to the clerk.
“I ain’t happy you held this in, man. Although it does explain a hell of a lot.” Dean sighs, relieved to finally understand more of why the love of his life left - he was consumed, and Dean wasn’t helping.
“An alcoholic father who only toyed with our lives for his own entertainment, whatever you call that.”
Ben knows there are some things of Dean’s he was not supposed to unpack - namely ‘confidential’ FBI files. This made sense to the young teenager, as he would prefer not to see real photographs from crime scenes anyway. But, he also knew how Dean liked his office, and it was a way to escape his mom’s discussion of the most durable plastic tablecloths with Eileen.
“I knew I was diseased and that unless I cut myself off from you, you would have been diseased too.”
Cas leans his head back on the office chair. He can’t make this work, he can’t figure out why she came to him, why she…
Dean licks his lower lip and Cas stills, his heartbeat increasing, afraid Dean is going to go for it, afraid that he himself will not be able to stop. But just as he has done for many years, Dean surprises him.
want to catch Bloody Mary, then we will have to do much more than rehash the past. Not because I do not wish to be chided for my actions, I can never make up for how much I hurt you, but because it will do us no good in finding her. The case is fresh, so the outlook has to be.”
Guilt runs throughout Castiel’s veins like lead, and he can no longer sit still for fear he will never be able to get back up from the weight of it all.
Dean thought about that for a moment. Yeah, he was a federal agent, he took care of the kid’s mom, but he was also a broken shell at times, drinking himself into a stupor because he lost… fuck it. He lost the love of his life.
Cas smiles sadly at him. He hopes Dean can sense his peace with this. He hopes Dean can go on with his life. He hopes he can stop crying out his name in his sleep, hopes he can find all he needs in Lisa.
“Yeah, it could be. That makes sense. The dates match up.” It was a coincidence he moved in then. Okay, so this person was obsessed with Cas, confessed to Cas, wanted to be close to Cas, which means, they were probably
..again". And he did, sending spark after spark down Dean's cock, that was throbbing between their naked bodies.
, he told himself, as he shook his head and tried to banish the memory from his mind. He tried to push past Cas, but the angel grabbed a harsh hold of his arm, turning it slightly only to find dark red drops of blood dripping from the hunter's palm. "Dean, what-", Cas started in confusion, as his grip on the hunter's arm eased, but he was interrupted by Dean.
Dean's eyes widened and he opened his mouth in shock. He didn't want to believe the words that he had just heard, but deep in his heart, he knew them to be true.
..oh..please", Dean almost begged in his throaty voice and the angel could feel his own dick twitching as the hunter moaned his full name like a dirty prayer.
Despite his pain, Jack could see blurry pictures flickering before his inner eye like a vision. It felt like his blood was boiling inside his body, but he tried to focus. He could see Nick as he stroke a match and threw it into a bowl that contained Nick's own blood and the shirt, that had Jack's blood on it. As the flames devoured the contents of the bowl, Nick was uttering the Latin incantation.
And yet, it was true. Whenever he had thought that his life had become bearable, maybe even a bit happy, it was like he got another punch in the gut. When would this neverending downward spiral finally stop? Would it ever? Or was it his destiny to be an arrogant and insensitive asshole, who drove everyone that he loved away?
But somehow, the combination of molecules in this specific double-pepperoni meat blaster pizza made for a harmonious combination that was just to the angel's taste. He was lucky enough that Dean was willing to share his pizza with him and he knew that it meant a lot for a foodlover like Dean.
The angel opened his eyes and looked around himself in bewilderment. He was lying on Dean's bed, tucked into the warm sheets while Dean was sitting on the side of the bed and looked at him, his green eyes weary and full of concern. "Hey", Dean said softly and his lips curled up in a warm smile, when he finally saw the angel stir. Cas could see the deep shadows under his worry-filled eyes. He felt the hunter's warm hand gently squeezing his own where it was resting on the duvet. Castiel shook his head in confusion and decided that he needed a moment to assess the situation he was presented with.
When they arrived back at the Browning's house, Jim was already standing in the driveway and his face lit up as he saw his husband's face through the Impala's window. "Dan", he exclaimed relieved, as he ran towards them and wrapped his husband in a tight hug, "It's so good to see you. I was so worried".
Castiel suddenly froze in his movement and Dean's eyelashes fluttered open, his eyes looking into the angel's expectantly while his body impatiently bucked up against Cas' palm. "I think this is hardly the appropriate time to say my father's name", Castiel warned him, his voice even deeper and raspier than usual and there was a dangerous glint in his eyes. Dean sighed and bit his lips playfully, "I'm sorry, it's just..with all that you're doing here, it's kind of easy to forget that you're actually an angel of the friggin' lord". Cas nodded and his face lit up again as he reached into Dean's boxers to let his fingers close around Dean's adamant cock. "But if it's..ah..any consolation to you..", Dean breathed between moans, trying to gather the right words as his head was swimming with arousal, "I think Chuck stopped listening to my ahh..prayers..oh, fuck..he stopped listening..a long time ago”.
The hunter straightened himself up to clear the way for the angel, even if he didn't really want to let him go. Castiel looked at Dean apologetically, letting the tips of his fingers ghost across Dean's arm, as he turned around to leave. Dean shivered under Castiel's warm touch. As touchstarved as Dean was, this simple and casual touch felt like so much more than it actually was, but it still wasn't quite enough.
Maybe all he had to do was wait. His heart felt like it was shattered into a billion little pieces, but as an ancient being, he was used to having patience.
"Just shut up, Winchester", Cas groaned and Dean could feel the low vibration of the angel's voice against his cock. He dragged Cas closer by his tie until the angel was straddling him, before Dean undid the knot with shaky fingers and pulled the blue fabric through it and carelessly tossed it away. Dean looked into the angel's deep blue eyes, as he began to unbutton his white shirt with clumsy fingers and groaned in frustration when he couldn't get them open. Cas helped him, chuckling almost devilishly low as he shrugged his shirt off. Dean looked at him in awe as he let his hands roam over Castiel's bare chest.
Dean's thoughts trailed off for a good second as the images of the events that had transpired in this exact spot a few weeks ago filled his mind. He could almost feel the touch of Castiel's soft lips against his and it took him all his self-restraint not to give in to his desire to push him against the wall and kiss him.
"What have you done?", Cas asked the hunter, his blue eyes filled with something between worry and anger. "I've saved your ass", Dean chuckled proudly, despite the throbbing pain in his abdomen and just about everywhere in his body, "Lucifer is dead and the Empty won't come after you anymore".
Dean sighed as he put the beer bottle to his lips. Sam and Jack had already gone to bed, because this day had been physically and emotionally exhausting for both of them. Cas had also excused himself in order to watch over Jack, to make sure that he was okay and to monitor if he would have any other visions. Dean was sitting in the library again, his only companions being the plethora of books and the small army of empty beer bottles that stood on the table in front of him. He was reading the only record that he had about the Empty, trying to find some new meaning in the words that he had already read over and over again during the last few weeks.
He rubbed the back of his neck as he sighed. He didn't know what he had expected and it had been idiotic to even begin to think that Sam wouldn't be okay with it. Dean looked up into his brother's eyes, admitting defeat, as he said, "Thank you, Sammy".
Cas couldn‘t even imagine the strain that this burden had put on Dean and he was feeling guilty for not being able to prevent this from happening in the first place. But most of all, he felt guilty for adding even more to the already heavy burden that Dean had to carry with his emotional outburst. Ever since he had kissed him, Dean had been trying to stay as far away as possible. And worst of all, he had refused any kind of help from Cas. Cas could have spared him a lot of the pain that he had gone through, but Dean didn‘t want to accept his help and it was entirely Cas’ fault.
"To be fair, he didn't do anything that we haven't done a hundred times over", Sam prompted him, "Was it the right thing to do? Maybe not..but looking back at our history..
..I can't stand the thought of losing you and it doesn't matter how long my life could possibly be, because it wouldn't be worth anything without you in it", Cas admitted and then, he took a deep breath and another one, before he unleashed the truth that hit Dean right in the gut, "Because I love you, Dean. I have since the very first time I laid my hands on you and rescued you from hell. And I will never stop, whether you choose to be with me or not.
"Does your uh..husband have any enemies?", Dean asked. "No, he doesn't", Jim answered, "And even if he did..Daniel is tough. He's the strongest man that I know, so I'm really worried that something bad happened to him". Dean looked over at the worried man and then over to his brother Sam. "We will find your husband", Sam said reassuringly and patted Jim on the shoulder, before they stood up to leave.
"All things considered..yeah, I'm okay", Dean muttered, "More okay than I've been in a long time actually". Sam nodded and smiled. "What's that smell?", Dean asked as he turned around towards the kitchen counter, hissing through his teeth as he strained his stitches just a little too much. "Here", Cas said softly as he approached behind Dean and set a plate in front of him, "This will help you to regain some strength". Dean's eyes lit up as he incredulously eyed the tasty looking bacon cheeseburger and steaming fries in front of him.
He was no more than a broken shell. Every time he thought of Cas his chest physically ached, and the alcohol did its job, and numbed the pain.
it’s because Dean is no longer making it for him. Three years was a long time to go without good coffee. Still, he sips.
As the young man squirts soap on a sponge, he thinks. “Yeah, I mean, I guess? I love Dean and all, he’s great. He teaches me stuff about cars, but I don’t know? He seems sad a lot. I think it sometimes makes Mom sad, or depressed. I know she loves Dean, and all, Dean used to have this partner, and the person died, and like, I hear him scream out their name all the time, that’s gotta be hard on Mom too, you know? I know Dean tries, and I know he cares, but like, Mom can’t fix him?” Ben didn’t mean to let all that slip, he looks over to Father Novak, wide-eyed.
Ben keeps slicing as he asks the next question, something he didn’t really even mean to let slip, but like, he wanted to know if what his mom and Dean had was normal. “Okay, yeah, but uh, do happy people like... smile a lot and stuff, and kiss and disgusting stuff like that, or...?”
In a lonely corner of an exquisite desk sits a crystal globe. Occasionally it catches its owner’s eye, acting as a screen into the past.
The killer expertly slices across her throat, staining the white gown. The blood gushes from the oversized wound, and the killer places the body carefully, ceremoniously onto the floor. He began his true work then, the work he also enjoyed, the work that was his true calling.
Cas looks to the ground, ashamed. His eyes hold the pain Dean thought he erased moments before. Cas knows this feeling, he’s lived with it for years now - the gnawing ache that never seems to go away. The ache that bites away at a person bit by bit until they’re a hollow shell, the ache that makes a person leave a man they love more than they thought they ever could love. A man who made them feel worthy of being alive - a man who made him feel alive for the first time in his whole existence. A man who taught him how to love, he was able to leave that, to leave him because he lost one thing that even Dean could no longer make him believe in.
Dean nods from inside the Impala, understanding. Once more his thoughts are drawn to his own Father, whose game with his serial killer ended in more deaths than one.
Mary looks to the ceiling, her bright green eyes following the movements of a spider wrapping its prey in silken threads.
Bobby nods. “It takes a hell of a long time to go about murder the way she done, Dean. It wasn’t Cas. All right? Now you have faith in your boy, and you get him the hell out of this mess, you understand me?”
He finds him kneeling in front of the bench in the church’s garden. He somehow knew he’d be in the garden. He felt at home among nature, and Dean always tried to oblige him, even when they lived in a shitty apartment with a small balcony. He walks over to him slowly, rethinking his impulsive decision. He begins to fiddle nervously with the keys in his hands.
A boy, who has only recently entered the teenager stage and who has his mother’s looks and his role model’s  personality, comes into their room, a rope in hand.
Dean can’t help but feel nervous. There were rarely times Cas wasn’t calm, cool, and collected. He looked at most things methodically. This reminds him of that night, after Cas read the letter. This was a level of Cas that Dean hated to see, because he knew the man he loved was torn up inside and Dean wanted to help piece him back together.
“Marcy eventually opened up to me about all the horrible, truly heinous things you do to her. Or did, rather, considering this is your demise.”
Benny shrugs. “I told him it was routine, that we were, ya know, ruling out everybody that had been in Ball’s house.”
Cas looks at him, shock apparent in comically wide eyes. He fights his feelings, he fights the blood rushing South, and he knows Dean’s gotta get away from him
“Lis, I…” He doesn’t even know where to begin. How does one begin to describe that kind of love? An all consuming love that invaded every sense he had ever had. It was like there was nothing before Cas, and… He hated himself right then, because he was gonna think, nothing after. And how could he even think that? The beautiful woman in front of him dropped everything to cradle his pathetic ass, and he thought his time with her was nothing? Fuck, he did not deserve her.
“Why’d you do it Benny?” Dean knew it was him, and he tried to keep the anger from going to his fist.
“Yes, I sat on this. We were good, but I didn’t think we were her level of good. There was really no gratification for her. She felt she needed to do this, yes, but she didn’t make mistakes.”
Mary packs dishes carefully into a box, each wrapped in newspaper. The repetition causes her mind to think back to all those years ago, after the first.
Cas huffs a slight sound of disbelief through his nose and shakes his head fondly. “For you, Dean Winchester, I’d abdicate in a heartbeat. For you are my church, your body my altar.”
Cas nods. Of course, that was the only thing he could think of that morning, of course he knew the man who was murdered.
“I need another explanation for this.” He knew Sammy would be able to help him find one, he should’ve come to him earlier.
Dean nods and thinks. I mean feminine because all the vics were stabbed in the crotch. He rolls his eyes, knowing full well what will be argued.
He gets up, puts his coffee mug on the desk, and goes over to the man in the upholstered chair. He kneels in front of the priest, not touching, although he wants nothing more than to reach out and grab his hands.
Mary sighs and adjusts her glasses with a gloved hand. She gets up, crosses over to him, and expertly changes the blood bags.
Cas sighs as he sits back, and she smiles wider, knowing she had won. She drops the letter opener as she pushes the glasses up her nose.
Castiel smiles kindly at the lovely woman with earnest dark brown eyes as he shakes her hand. “I would be honored, my dear.”
Cas barely looks up from his folded hands when Dean and Benny enter his office. He knows why they’re there, of course he does, Mary laid the trap too well. He had to admit, from a poetic standpoint, it was beautiful. He looks at his hands, hands that were willing to commit heinous violence only moments before.
“Lives are in danger. I have a higher purpose than the laws of the church, the laws of God are more important than any sacred rite. If human lives are in danger, I will speak out.”
Castiel and Dean moved from the bedroom with a bed in too accessible a location to the Church’s office.
Dean sits back in disbelief and slight pain. His emotions with Castiel, and this case, ran high. He understood everything now - about Cas’s emotions, his strength - but what he didn’t understand were the details of this case.
“I ain’t gonna tell nobody Benny, cause I don’t want you to lose anything. I don’t want Andrea to look at you like I’m looking at you right now, but lose my number, got it? Don’t ever dare try to contact me ever again.
“Yes, there are Scriptures that can lead one to believe that. However, I feel we are beings with souls and a human nature. Our actions are what matter. Yes, thoughts can lead to actions, but we are not responsible for the thoughts alone, we are responsible for our actions – what type of fruit we bear.”
, Cas wasn’t trying to piss him off. Cas only was doing what he felt was right. But somewhere, deep in the back of Dean’s head, he thought if they caught her that everything would be alright, with
"Yeah, yeah, whatever, I just did what I had to do," Dean says. He wasn't prepared to have such an existential conversation at that moment, in the middle of the street in Paris.
he? They’re together now, so why would it matter? Dean thinks about five different ways to get Cas to stop talking, one of them involving just running out without his shoes on. But it never gets that far, because Cas continues talking.
Dean wakes up at around 8am, ready to go. Because of jetlag and going to sleep early, he's fully awake and decides to check out the breakfast bar.
“Okay, you know how I had my get-together with the guys and Jo last night, to get over the whole Lisa thing? Well, I might have… forgotten to tell them exactly why I wanted to hang out and get wasted.”
They don't stay for long after finishing it, Cas kind of dropping in and out of the conversation, which usually indicates that he's getting a bit antsy about being out and surrounded by so much noise for long periods of time.
"It's a romantic trip," Dean blurts out. "It's a romantic trip, meant for couples in a romantic romancy relationship and I won it, but I- I had just broken up with Lisa, and-"
Dean doesn’t realize that he’s been biting his nails while looking at his phone until Jo hits him in the arm.
For the evening, they have their first fancy wine restaurant on the list. They actually have to wear suit jackets and white button-ups, and Dean feels incredibly out of place just looking at the restaurant from the outside.
He turns around, away from the mirror, partly to put the lightbulb on the shelf, partly to create a bit of space between him and Cas. But Cas stays right where he is. It's so close, that Dean can see every single eyelash and also the way Cas's eyes dart across Dean's face, lingering oddly long on Dean's lips, which he subconsciously licks— which is a movement Cas then follows.
The pills are still in his hand and he eyes them with suspicion after finishing his bar. Cas said they're over-the-counter calming meds, but it's Cas and Cas has odd contacts. But he also trusts him, so after looking at Cas, who nods at him encouragingly, he swallows them down.
"Not to sound rude, but you really need a shower," Dean hears Cas say. It's a mix between teasing and sincerity and Dean grimaces when he realizes that Cas is right.
Dean sighs in relief but can also feel his heart bumping louder, because this is happening right now, and all real. But Cas doesn't seem to be too happy about it and Dean should have known and he feels kind of bad for dragging Cas into this whole mess.
Sprawled out on the couch, Charlie lets out a little burp and after Dean laughs at her, she looks at him for a moment, as if contemplating something.
“I’m glad to hear that. So how did you find out about the trip? And is there any story with the sign-up?”
Well, Dean didn't expect that. He looks at Cas, his blue eyes sincere and beautiful in the dim light, the candle lighting up and accentuating his cheekbones and jawline in a way that makes Dean's fingers itch to touch, to caress, to do
“Just act natural, the way you always do when around each other. And enjoy your stay here,” she says, smiling at both of them. She then sincerely adds, “I hope you have a wonderful time.”
“No, I mean—should I—should we do the head to feet sleeping position? So, you know. It’s less weird?”
Sitting down on his bed, he quickly tears into the envelope and looks at the little stack of papers. The first one is a letter that starts with,
"Long time then," Jody says, with a nod. "Me and Donna have been together for about six years. Would have been longer if we had gotten our heads out of our asses sooner." Jody chuckles, probably remembering those times. She looks fondly at Donna, who is still in deep conversation with Cas, who Dean looks at. They both don't notice their respective partners gazing at them.
Suddenly there's a softness between the hard window and his face, a hand strokes over his temple with the material—lingering a bit longer than would be normal, but maybe Dean imagines that. Then a warm blanket gets draped over his awkwardly-positioned body. Large, warm hands tuck it over him so that it doesn't slip away. It feels like he's being tucked in and a warm feeling of contentment spreads through him.
The music is slightly too loud to have a normal conversation, but it's also the kind of music that makes people sing along and before they know it, the whole bar is singing along to Girls Just Wanna Have Fun followed by Bohemian Rhapsody and other great nostalgic hits that all blur together at some point.
"I heard you walk in but then you weren't there so I thought I'd check," Cas says. "Also, I'm hungry."
Dean laughs nervously. "Oh, nothing really, just thinkin' about the flight. Not a big fan of planes, you know that."
"Bye, Hannah," he says casually, and pats Cas on the shoulder, who is looking at his legs with a face Dean can't quite decipher. "Let's go, Cas."
to have with Cas. He shifts his head around so that his forehead is smushed fully against Cas's shoulder.
Dean is sweating. This is not a place where he should be. It’s not often at this point in life that Dean feels unwelcome or uncomfortable in a place. That was a thing he worked on all his life, back when he was the new kid at school so many times; he finally learned how to adapt and just be proud of himself in any environment.
“Yeah, about that…” Dean shows her the screen. On it, three texts, all in caps, exclaiming that he won the big trip and a code with which to register on the given website.
"Alright, then," Balthazar interrupts the slightly awkward silence. "Do we want to get this party started?"
Balthazar gets their attention again by waving kind of maniacally, and gestures to the other side of the space and Cas pulls Dean along so they can take some pictures with the Eiffel Tower in the background.
Dean just holds the mug in his eyesight and Cas hums, pleased, and sits up to receive his life potion in both his hands. Then he sits, eyes closed, sighing into his coffee and looking incredibly adorable.
"You know—if you're okay with it—I mean—what if we just go along with the whole boyfriend thing? Pretend to be together to make it easier? I mean, they don't need to know that we're not actually together, right?" Dean laughs nervously. "And I mean, we can just do the things they planned as friends, they don't need to know, but just for the time being, we could—" Dean makes some gesture with his hands. He doesn't really know what he'll do if Cas says no. If Cas is so completely disgusted by the thought of even
They laugh at some of their ridiculous expressions, and especially when they get to to the kayak day, Cas has to set down his mug so he doesn’t spill tea all over himself from laughing.
As Cas promised, preparations were being made. After a bit of squabbling, Dean willingly accepts the over-the-counter stress-relief pills Cas got him for the trip.
"I have our croissants here. All six of them. And oh—" Cas starts rustling around in the paper bag. "Here are some recipes from Jean. He told me you asked for them. They are for three different types of pastries. He tried explaining it to me, but to be frank I had no idea what he was talking about, so I asked him to write it down.
"Sorry Dean, can you please hand me the butter?" he carefully asks, voice a bit louder than necessary.
He goes to the bathroom to wash the sandwich sauce off his fingers (although there's not really anything on his fingers, he just wants to take a little breather).
It’s not like the apartment they share is really big, but Dean is so used to always hearing another person moving around, and being greeted by another person when he gets back from work, that it felt weird not having that. So he spent most of the time in his room, where he could pretend that Cas was outside on their couch and Dean was just choosing not to spend time with him.
"It was Charlie's idea," Dean adds, but Cas cannot have heard him, because Dean is suddenly surrounded by a mass of soft but also firm man, destined to squeeze the life out of him, while murmuring
“The croissant class was certainly a highlight. And the kayaking had—it was a stimulating experience, for sure.”
, who takes the luggage and puts it in one of those wheely things that Dean has only ever seen in movies.
Dean doesn't need to change, since he hadn't planned on sleeping and already changed during the evening, but decides to brush his teeth again to get rid of the odd after-nap taste in his mouth.
This is nothing like that school trip. For one, Dean is now an adult with a healthy appreciation for history and culture, and an attention span that lasts longer than two minutes; another thing that helps is that he’s with Cas. While walking around the museum, they start pretending to be high-end art-critics, traveling from their world-renowned art gallery on a mission to add another terrible piece of art to their ever-growing collection.
Still, Dean feels way out of his depth. When the waiter finally comes to take their orders, Dean is still trying to dissect what half the dishes even mean (he at first thought that the waiter had given him a French menu, until he saw the salad part). He looks up at Cas with pleading eyes, and Cas orders for both of them.
He feels more than sees Cas settle in next to him, and suddenly he is very aware of the fact that they're sharing a bed, and that it's Cas he’s sharing a bed with. His heart starts beating faster, he can feel it going in his chest to the point where he's afraid Cas might hear it.
Suddenly there is a knock on his door. He hears a soft "Dean?" as he shoves the pages under his duvet like a teenager who has to hide his porn, and smiles up at Cas when he sticks his head in.
"Sure!" Stupid mouth, stupid brain, stupid Cas and his stupid sexy voice asking if he wants a beer. As if he can say no to anything to a voice like that. Really, it's all Cas's fault.
Then those hands move around his waist, and Cas is dragging him back to the boat. Cas climbs back in, arm muscles straining—and then turns to help Dean up, which is a more complicated endeavor than Dean thought.
"Yeah, uh, the same thing happened to me and Cas. We were roommates for a long time before—" Dean makes a notion with his hand, trying to express what he means by not saying it explicitly "—you know."
They don’t really hold up very well. By the second commercial break, Jo is singing along with the show’s jingle, very loudly and very off-key, continuing after it’s already ended, and Garth decides that the rules aren’t for him—that it doesn’t count if he specifically doesn’t know the answer.
Balthazar joins them again but has a separate table set up, close enough to theirs so he can still get pictures.
"They're cute together, but wow they're grouchy," Dean suddenly hears. Channing clearly didn't intend for it to be overheard, since she murmured it into Kevin's ear, but the space is small and even though Dean is apparently old and grouchy, he still heard it.
After the waiter takes their plates, Cas conspiratorially leans over the table. On the way, he almost knocks over the candle on the table, which Dean grabs with reflexes he acquired from years of being around Sam who knocks over everything that is slightly loose, fragile, and in his vicinity.
"No, I'm serious, you should wear them more often," Cas says, smiling a bit too much, and then opens his car seat to get out before Dean can respond, leaving him with a burning face.
It doesn't take long for the heat to start building in Dean's lower stomach and he gasps out Cas's name as a warning. Thankfully Cas seems to be just as close, and Dean can feel him tensing up, and dragging his fist over both their cocks with renewed vigor.
They try to inconspicuously join one of the guided tours of the place, and they listen to the tour guide explaining gothic architecture for about 5 minutes before they get ushered away by a very stern-looking elderly tourist in a Hawaiian shirt.
That makes Dean open his eyes again, but he’s too into all of what’s happening to laugh the statement off.
They row back in silence, Dean not helping very much because he's too weak from swimming for his life (or, as Balthazar points out, too busy pouting into his life-vest).
"Oh, so you wanted to go with Lisa? To reconcile? Dean, I'm so sorry—I apologize for pushing myself onto you. I'm sure this would have been a great trip if she—"
It's a bit awkward when they have to wait for the elevators a bit longer than expected, and Dean keeps checking if the receptionist is still watching them. Cas is almost completely red at this point from trying to suppress his laughter to seem more serious.
If Dean hadn't known previously that this was a trip intended for couples, then this would probably clue him in. The list is filled with "fun little activities for couples" and also a list of restaurants where almost all of them have some form of the word
The tender moment is interrupted by a loud French curse and Dean rips his hand away from Cas's face. He looks to the source of the sound and sees Balthazar sheepishly moving down from a countertop, from which he had been apparently taking pictures.
Cas shrugs his shoulders. "You're not asking questions either way. I am very bad at tying things behind my back. I can barely wrap gifts." Dean doesn't even really listen but turns Cas around to tie his apron. He takes the moment to let his hands linger on Cas's back.
Cas groans and Dean can hear him flopping back onto the bed. "Just―go and come back with coffee," Cas says, voice slightly muffled, probably from a pillow. "Please," he adds.
"You have a good nice rest now. There's an optional dinner planned for today, but that's for you to decide, they also have excellent room-service here," Donna says, and hands them their room-cards. "You can book everything onto your room number. Oh, and at 11 am tomorrow after breakfast, we have a meeting here in the hotel lobby to discuss some logistical things for the trip.”
They drive the rest of the way in silence, so Cas can sleep. Dean sometimes glances over and looks at Cas. The way his face is relaxed and lit by the passing streetlamps, illuminating his cheeks and jawline. He looks like a sleeping angel.
"There you go, sweetheart," and turns away to the table to hide his burning face. Cas also seems a bit startled and turns around slowly.
“Yeah, I mean getting attacked by wild animals is surprisingly quite a bonding experience,” Dean says, and smiles at Cas, who is translating his story into sign language to Eileen, who giggles quietly.
Before the older man hands them their life vest with a stern warning to not take them off, he turns to his son and exchanges some quick French with him. The younger one nods and translates. "Just a reminder not to get too close to the swans. They are, err, how do you say in English... territorial creatures."
After reaching base-camp, stowing the boats away and thanking the owners, they pile back into the car that's ready for them—Dean wet and miserable, Cas more upbeat and slightly amused, although also wet.
Cas is thankfully checking out the bathroom, so Dean quickly messes up the rose-petals, but it doesn't really help the look of the whole thing. There seems to be no escape, and it's time Dean faced this whole thing dead-on.
So they walk out and Dean must admit that it's a beautiful walk. The streets surprisingly aren't too busy and the sun is shining. Cas is looking at him, smiling.
Dean sits for a while, sipping his coffee and content with his place, but then decides to get up to talk to Jean about more recipes. While getting up, he snatches Cas's pastry from his plate. Cas looks at him, betrayed.
“I know nothing, Dean. I’m a dumbass. There we go, no more shots for me, what a pity,” Garth loudly declares. And hearing is apparently also a thing he knows nothing about, because he seems not to notice when Dean points out that out of all of them, Garth is the only one with a college degree.
The area is beautiful, with cobblestoned streets and old buildings and busy bars. Everywhere around them, people are talking, walking down the street, and it's odd not to understand a word.
Dean just grins at him and goes to the couch. “Let’s order take-away. I wanna look at these, pronto.”
and suddenly Dean is on the ground, on his back, shoulders first, his feet still tangled in the sheets on the bed. It's an incredibly uncomfortable position and Dean has never in his life been so grateful for plush carpet.
He glances up for a moment, hoping that the next time he looks, the shorts will have magically morphed into normal pants. He looks down and no, there they are, taunting him. He briefly considers just keeping his wet swim shorts on, but then he thinks about the nice hotel and the way they would drip all over the carpet. Not to mention how uncomfortable this whole ride will be if he keeps them on.
But it is an idea that he definitely has, while Cas is raving about an amazing French professor who gave a talk about a very specific French dialect in the 17th century or so. And the thought takes root, to the point that Dean can’t imagine anyone else coming along with him.
It’s also weird, because now Dean holds Cas's hand in the elevator and it feels different— even though it's exactly the same as the first day they did this. He can barely contain a grin all throughout breakfast and he doesn't even complain when Cas steals one of his mini-croissants off his plate in exchange for a grape.
Sam just sits there, head in his hands, with Eileen now laughing full-on and rubbing his back in mild consolation.
"Hmm, yeah, I don’t like weird, stinky french cheese, so I can see that being a thing,” Dean says, wrinkling his nose. He takes a deep breath before continuing. “How would you feel about going to Paris? Uhm. With me." He adds the
"Oh!" Cas exclaims and reaches for his phone on the nightstand. Dean totally does not stare at the sliver of exposed hipbone he gets to see because of this.
That's why, when the main course arrives, and with it the wine, in a fancy cooler, he smiles at Cas and gently clinks their glasses together.
When Dean asks for more pills from Cas, his friend just shakes his head and tells him that it’s inadvisable to take more than two in the span of 12 hours. Seriously, what
He decides in that split second that this is his chance. He's doing this to prove a point, so it's okay. Once he finishes tying Cas’s apron he pointedly kisses the back of his neck and loudly proclaims,
Dean suddenly feels a bit sick for having forced Cas into doing all of this and he quickly exits the bakery. He needs to get away for a bit, get some fresh air.
Dean looks ahead, and there stands the tower everyone always talks about. They had caught sight of it over the last few days from afar, but they never really took the time to go see it, knowing that it was planned for the last day. And it's sort of worth it. He looks at Cas, who is also looking at the Eiffel Tower in awe, while the sky turns into beautiful orange purply-blues around it.
Dean turns his gaze back to Castiel. Their eyes catch. Possibility glimmers between them, bright as a flame.
Bees. Oh, God, that’s right. Bees.  "You weren’t answering your door. I followed the buzz,“ Dean says. He points to the picket fence. "I’m your neighbor. Right over there.”
“So,” Dean says, shutting off the TV and turning to Cas, “what state do you want to get married in?”
Dean sighs heavily. “You better damn well have gone back upstairs to rest,” he shouts at the sky, and walks around the car, taking out the keys.
And how is Charlie supposed to read that without getting jealousy vibes? Unless Cas and Anna are supposed to be a thing, which doesn’t ring true. There’s such a thing as chemistry, and certain couples have it and other couples don’t.
That’s when Dean realizes he’d probably better check in with Sam before the whole Death thing goes down.
It’s not exactly what he did the last time. But it’s nice nonetheless. And it sends pleasant chills down Dean’s spine in a way the hair stroking didn’t. His nerves are reacting to this. He’s not falling asleep, but right now he doesn’t want to.
And here he lies, a victim of another crucial second. Beside him vibrates a dagger, stuck into a book, that could have ended him. Castiel is vibrating too, with panic and fear and pain. And hope, a little, because the decision was made, in that moment, to spare his life. That must mean there’s still time. He can still pull Dean back from the brink. That deciding moment is yet to come, even though it feels right now as though all is lost.
And the way he was grinning, and looking Castiel up and down, made Castiel consider – just for a minute – letting this curse stay unbroken a while longer.
The genuine regret in his face makes Dean’s heart twinge. “Naw, man, it’s OK. It was for you to begin with, so…” He crouches by Cas. “You want me to turn the lights on?”
in a class together. I can’t promise we’re never gonna have to share the stage. But like I said, I’ll try and respect…”
There have been so many times Charlie has wanted to throw her e-reader across the room, but this takes the cake. “Demon blood, Sam?” she shouts. “Really?” She loves Sam, honestly she does, but really, that boy makes the worst decisions. Especially where women are involved. Damn, but Charlie wishes he would just stop letting the wrong ones in. Someone needs to stage an intervention.
“Heh.” Dean hefts the beer bottle from one hand to the other. “There’s a couple answers to that question. One, I like the kid.”
He remembers breathing slower. He remembers craving more, wanting to be closer, to feel Castiel’s breath as it seeped from his nose on the low note. And as he tilts his face up, he remembers the moment of connection, when the song was pressed directly into his lips, infusing him with music, sending him adrift.
This. This is what he’s been yearning for. Cas’ mouth on his mouth, the soft touch of his tongue, the feel of his hands in Dean’s hair and at the small of his back. Cas’ body, hard and solid but so responsive, first surging against his. Then pressed between Dean’s body and the wall. Then, at last, beneath him, on the bed, arching and shuddering as Dean takes him apart with tongue and fingers. Cas’ lips parted, soft gasps sucking in air, sharp cries letting it out. Cas’ hands, tentative at his waist, on his chest. Cas’ legs, wrapped around him.
Castiel turns around quickly, his heart hammering. The knowledge goes down through his spine and hangs out in his hips, and he’s going to have to name Shakespeare’s complete works before he can turn back around without embarrassment. He should have seen this coming. But no, it’s snuck up on him and grabbed him tight, and now he’s screwed.
Dean. And she totally buys his straightness, or at least his general preference for women. For another, as much as that last scene in the previous book was reeking with sexual tension, she still doesn’t much like Castiel as a character. Dean’s right, he’s a dick. Cool entrance notwithstanding, he’s not the most sympathetic character, leaving Dean there to deal with the witnesses and then telling him off.
“You and I have been through a lot together,” Castiel muses, either not noticing or not caring about Dean’s discomfort. “And I’m grateful for those experiences. Much as I’m grateful for the time I spent with Claire. That’s the parallel I’m trying to draw here.”
There's an interesting block of missing time during 9x06; it's night and they're in the car, Dean asks Cas "where to?" The next thing we know, it's morning and Dean's dropping Cas off at the Gas 'n' Sip.
“How could it be obvious?” Dena says finally, her words slow and deliberate. “You never tell me anything.”
Dena laughs, a soft little chuckle that reveals a dimple to the left of her mouth. “‘Course you’re a burden,” she informs Castiel pointedly. “That’s what family is. We’re a big freakin’ load on each other’s back, but it’s worth it, because we
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m a bucket of fun.” It sounds a lot less convincing than it did five (or forty-five) years ago. “Anyway, for what it’s worth, Death’s not a bad guy… for, you know, Death. He might ask you do to something crazy, but if you go with it, he’ll probably bite. Just keep your head, Sammy. You suckered that manwitch all those years ago, you can do this.”
Dean had thought Castiel was scared of the angel. Ephraim was scary, yes, but Dean is the scarier one right now. Castiel doesn’t know the right thing to say or do around him. And yet he still wants to be around him. He doesn’t want this ride to end, uncomfortable as it might be. Something is right with the world when Dean is close by.
At that, the dog’s ears droop, and it makes a whining noise. Dean groans. He has the feeling he’s gonna be worn down on that, too. Still, the prospect of a decent game of fetch isn’t so unpleasant. And Castiel’s face when the dog leaps up and licks at his hands – that’s pretty much worth anything the mutt can throw at them.
“I thought you would like to know that I’m in love with you.” Castiel stops, squints. “Was I unclear?”
Castiel stands outside the door to the bunker. His hand is upraised, curled into a fist to knock, but he can’t seem to make contact.
For a moment, in the darkness, he thinks Cas’ shifting on the blanket means he’s going to just that. But the next moment Castiel’s pressing kisses into his neck, hands working up swift and sure inside his shirt. Dean gasps.
“It doesn’t have to be you in danger for you to be nervous,” Castiel notes. “There doesn’t have to be any danger at all. I’m surprised at how nervous I seem to get at the least provocation.”
Castiel looks him over for a minute, and Dean gives him the best dagger-stare he can muster. God, he doesn’t want to hate this guy’s guts. Not when his outsides are so damn nice. But bees are bees. He sticks one leg out, pulls up the jeans around his ankle to show the mark. Castiel stares at it, then up at Dean’s face. Slowly, his mouth and eyes go round with horror.
Languid, soft, warm – lips on lips, as natural as breathing. Cas has no problem continuing to hum. This is part of the rhythm, this kiss, part of this slow ritual of relaxation they’re sharing. It’s not passionate, it’s not new, though it’s the first one they’ve ever shared. It’s just another way for them to be close. It works.
He does know that he’s almost grateful when the attacks do come. Because he’s way better at swinging his weapons and diving for cover, leaping from the shadows and slitting throats, than he is at enduring the long silences that occur when they’re just making their way across the endless forest. The sound of their footsteps fades into a slow beat, crunching leaves and snapping twigs, and a song starts to form in Dean’s head to the beat.
Castiel’s lips are soft beneath his, soft as they pull away, and they glisten a little in the moonlight as Castiel stares at him with wide eyes. “Dean?” he manages.
Castiel sighs. There goes Dean Winchester again. He never passes up an opportunity to get into a compromising position.
“What, did your wings get cut off?” Dean’s voice is cheerful, but the grin on his face falls right off when Castiel meets his eyes. “Wait, *did* they?”
“I, uh.” Dean’s suddenly self-conscious about how very far from essential his own job is. “I run a specialty garage.”
Imagine that. A minute ago he appeared and the universe was created, and now we’re hugging and it’s gone again. Short universe.
Dean is so pissed off at this point he’s past scowling into almost laughing. The whole thing seems absurd. “So now you’re the one trying to solve everyone’s problems.”
“I’m gonna guess,” Dean says lazily, “that this is supposed to be a prank, right? Dean Winchester wakes up wearing women’s underwear?”
A few minutes ago in the story, Sam finally met Castiel. It went pretty much the way Charlie expected it to go, with Sam being a bit fangirly and then ultimately disappointed at the lack of fluffy wings and caring at all about the human race. A few books sans Castiel has cured her of her enchantment with the dynamic between him and Dean. She must have imagined it. Maybe the writer just doesn’t know how to write their relationship well. All that gazing into each other’s eyes could have been just awkward silence, jazzed up for the purpose of gaining readers. He would not be the first author to throw that kind of bait out there.
