"I was just thinking…" Steve said.
Steve leans down to capture Tony’s lips with his own. "I’m planning on it," he says into the kiss.
"I’m 28," Steve says, trying to think of a way to get Tony out of the line of fire.
"You’re naked," he says. Then his eyebrows furrow. "Why are you naked?"
Steve looked back at him.
"Similar enough that there would be… compatibility between our two species. It would not result in offspring but I’ve heard it’s considered incredibly pleasurable for both parties. More so than same-species unions."
"Well, in that case," he says as he leans down, hovering inches away from Steve’s face. Tony looks at him for a moment, gauging his reaction, before he smiles and presses his lips to Steve’s. The kiss itself is soft and gentle but the man behind it sets Steve’s nerves on fire.
"I meant to do that."
Tony ignores the comment. “Maybe we can try swing dancing next. You know, get a little hot and sweaty.”
But if he was pressed. If he was really pressed… his answer would be Tony.
Steve can’t resist smiling back, “Yeah, I’m talking about you, Iron Man.”
"You know when I said I wanted to spent time together with just the two of us, this isn’t what I meant."
He’s expecting heavy bass and slow, sensual beats. It surprises him when the sound of a bright, happy guitar fills his bedroom.
“Why did you tell me that you don’t dance?”
He sits up fast, arm blindly reaching out for the lamp on the nightstand. He’s ready to fight, muscles already tensing and plans of attack rolling through—
Steve’s brows furrow and Natasha gives him a sympathetic look. A sense of impending doom settles in the kitchen, like Steve is about to be involved in an awkward conversation. His fight or flight instinct is about to kick in and since there are no aliens or robots in the vicinity in need of a swift punch, he thinks flight would be the smart move to make.
"The culmination of a lifetime of work. Ms. Potts has reliably informed me that Mr. Stark frequently toyed with the possibility of your being found. Alive. These were a sort of…welcome-home present from him were that to occur."
miss-ingno asked:
Steve freezes, halfway between sitting and standing, as everyone turns to look at him. He collects himself slowly, straightening up and smoothing out the front of his shirt before he looks around the room, gives a brief nod, and walks out with his head held high.
“Mmhmm,” Steve hums, trying to capture Tony’s mouth again but it’s no use. Tony’s happiness is a living, breathing thing between them and before long Steve laughs too and they’re both smiling too hard to do anything more then rest their foreheads together after Steve straightens them up.
Steve drops his bag on the lone king-size bed in the midst of a very large, upscale room, before he walks over to the gigantic window. The view is breathtaking and he takes a moment to appreciate it.
“Tony, it’s fine. Seriously don’t worry—” he starts.
Anonymous asked:
“Uh—” Steve says looking down at the sensible sneakers he’s wearing.
Steve leans down and rests his forehead against Tony’s. They breathe each other in for a minute, Tony rubbing his hands up and down Steve’s back in an effort to relax him.
Steve laughs and shakes his head. “So you don’t care that they sent us on a fake under cover mission in an attempt to get us to sleep together?”
How about the cliche-iest (?) cliché of them all: Tony and Steve have to hide their relationship for whatever reason (Tony's company/Steve's reputation/people are stupid homophobes) and then something happens, one of them is in danger or hurt, or something and then BAM! It's not a secret any more. :)
“He looks lonely,” Bucky said. “Why don’t you go keep him company?” He winked and turned away before Steve could say anything unfavorable.
“Tony,” said Tony.
Steve, never wanting to be wasteful, gets on his computer, downloads the software and plugs in the original MP3 player and loads it up with some of his favorite songs from both his previous life, and from what he’s been able to listen to so far this time around. He slaps a sticky note on it that says, “Don’t be so wasteful. Listen to this, it’s only fair. - Steve” and calls up a courier service.
He approaches Steve and sets a hand on his shoulder. He’s not big on comforting people and this thing between he and Steve is still a little new (and exciting, which may explain the current predicament) so he’s not sure what exactly he
"Just giving my compliments to the chef," Tony said.
"Hey, team, listen up," Tony said into the comms and Steve’s heart faltered. "I saw a place on 38th and Madison. Let’s regroup and get some grub before we deal with… the entire world, I would assume."
“I thought you said you don’t dance,” Natasha says simply, looking back to the television.
anonymous asked:
kayytx posted this on tumblr:
"I did."
After the testimony, Steve tried to find him in the halls. He spotted Tony right as he was about to head out the doors.
,” Steve says.
of the spatula on his behind.
I love when Tony has fail moments like IM3 where he calls his armor & it gets hits something & smashes to pieces just as it's about to get to him. Or the whole city is burning and he says 'I think I did ok'. So how about Steve fail moments. He's so bloody prefect with his shield throws. Would flirting from Tony on the battle field case Steve to miss the shield (or get hit by it)? Would Tony find out Steve likes him due to Steve's sudden clumsiness around him. I love awkward steve
"Mmm," Tony hums. There’s a beat of silence. And then, "Hey, Steve?"
“Ready when you are,” he said.
American legend, indeed.
he’d love to go on a date with Tony, he’s only been head over heels for him for the past eight months, but then he hears the familiar sound of his shield slicing through the air.
"Ah."
Steve lifts an eyebrow. “Lessons? Nah,” he says. “But a little practice never hurts.”
"Good," Tony said. "But first, I’ve wanted to do this for awhile," he said.
There was a loud, wet sound before Steve spoke. “Tony,” he said.
“I see him,” Steve confirmed, looking away quickly. “But I still have no idea why I’m supposed to know him.”
Sometimes Tony would go back and hang around Steve’s office before his shift started, sitting on Steve’s desk wearing whatever costume he had planned for the night. Steve just kept on working, gracefully conducting business around Tony’s body while also keeping up with Tony’s tendency for one-sided conversation. (It surprised Tony the way Steve always seemed to be able to keep up with him, even if it looked like his attention was elsewhere. It surprised him… and turned him on.)
"You didn’t," Tony says.
“We’re going to talk about the sentience and thought process of a hammer
"We’re going home," Steve agrees. "We’re going home, we’re going to get into the shower, I’m going to wash his touch off of you, and then I’m going to lay you out on
It doesn’t explain the butterflies in his stomach, though.
“What?” Steve asks, a little defensively.
"I was thinking that we should hang out sometime," Tony continues. "As in… without other people around. Like a date," He stops and inhales right as Steve lands, rolling into the impact and popping back up on his feet.
Tony loves music. He makes playlists for everything. One day, Tony makes a playlist to fuck Steve to.
“My ma? No. She’d never do that to me,” Steve said, absolutely certain. “She might lay in a guilt trip here and there, but isn’t that how all mothers are?”
Steve shook his head.
Steve tilted his head. “It depends. Does the rule apply to living things only, or will an inanimate object be subject to the same judgement?”
Tony smiled back. “She won’t kick you out?” He asked.
When the elevator opened, Steve spotted Tony immediately, hunched over something on a workbench, his back to the glass doors. Steve put his palm on the scanner and the doors slid open silently.
"I had an idea and wanted to make some adjustments to the communicators. JARVIS said you’d put one in your nightstand, I didn’t want to wake you so… Steve," he says, looking at him and finally holding eye contact. "What are these?"
"Well, this is me reminding you," he says. Automatically, his hand comes up and cups Tony’s face, his thumb stroking Tony’s cheekbone as they stare at each other like a couple of love drunk idiots. Dopey smiles and all.
, and
Anonymous asked:
"JARVIS, what am I looking at?"
a date. An actual date. Dinner, maybe dancing, the whole shebang. You and me. What do you say?”
"I’m an old… pal of Tony’s," Tiberius says simply.
Tony loved being proven right.
Tony himself is already barefoot. He’s also far more dressed down than Steve has ever seen. The tank top is a staple, Steve has seen it more than he can count when he visits Tony in the shop, but the jogging pants are new. They look soft. Steve’s tempted to reach out and feel if they’re as soft as they look.
Steve gives him a long, knowing look, before turning to Tiberius. “Hello, I don’t think we’ve met before. I’m Steve.”
Tony looks around at the mess he’s made in the kitchen. The stovetop is cluttered with used pots and pans, the chopping board and counters are covered in varying bits of fruits and veggies, and the kitchen table barely has room for cutlery it’s piled so high with plates of every breakfast dish Steve could think of and some he couldn’t.
Within a year of working as a stripper, he was their biggest draw. His muscles, good looks, even his
Steve paused, his eyebrows furrowing as his forearm pressed into Tony’s chest, keeping him firmly against the ground.
stevetony, alien au (different planets to each other)
“And by that, I mean that Tony is
For now, he turns the volume of the television down, and settles in, ready to help Tony in whatever way he can.
He sat in the cool night air and listened to the sounds of the city around him, leaning his head back on the patio chair and closing his eyes. It was painful, sure, but it was better than the constant uncertainty that plagued him every time he thought of Tony. He just hoped he hadn’t made things awkward between them. Not that he’d see Tony until the world needed saving again—
"Not here," Steve said, voice low.
"Steve."
Barely a month later, Steve has mostly forgotten about the weird interaction between the three of them.
Someone (let's be honest it's almost 100% probably Tony) anonymously deposits a huge bag full of dildos in Steve's room thinking it will embarrass him and/or make him moody and irritated (but instead he gets all artsy crafty with them. Paints some of them, uses some of them creatively in decorations and then leaves them randomly around the tower to the frustration of the others. Tony is impressed, amused and a bit turned on by the thought of Steve handling them while he's working with them.
Steve smiles and turns in Tony’s embrace. He cups Tony’s jaw gently before leaning down to kiss him. It’s a kiss with intent, nips of teeth and the slow slide of tongues, but he pulls back before it goes too far.
"I believe he wanted to ask you out on a date, sir."
Tony sighs and rolls his eyes, enough with the pretense. “Make it quick, Ty. I have better things to be doing. What do you want?”
“I’m going to lead first,” Tony says. “Just to get a sense of how you move. So just follow me and don’t worry too much about the steps. Though I would appreciate it if you avoided my feet.”
Tony can’t keep the revulsion off of his face this time. “Sorry. But I’m going to have to decline.”
The air goes still around them. Steve can’t tell if the silence is from JARVIS taking a cue and turning the music off or if it’s just the muffled silence of his sudden rush of adrenaline.
He paused, something felt off.
“Thanks,” Steve says smiling.
"There is not a single part of my body that has not been touched, fondled, caressed, licked, or sucked by you and vice versa." He turns and lifts an eyebrow. "Are you really that concerned?"
Natasha lets the silence settle between them like a warm, threatening blanket. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stand up.
Images explode onto the screen. Cross sections and plans of what looks to be his shield… except it’s not
"ANNA?" He asked.
Tony looked at him up and down quickly. An odd expression overcame his face. “You actually listen to what your mother says?” He asked.
Steve has mostly tuned out the ambient noise of the kitchen (read: Clint speed-eating his customary breakfast—an overfilled bowl of sickeningly sweet cereal) while he eats his eggs and reads the news feed that JARVIS has kindly curated for him on his tablet, so he doesn’t notice it right away.
Tony took advantage of this often, despite the fact that he has a personal pole at home, because there was always the off chance of running into Steve. Plus, he liked testing things out in the real environment. Who had time for careful planning and consideration these days?
Before Steve can do anything more than stare at her dumbly, a reply comes from behind him.
So much for the undercover gig, he thinks. Then he thinks about how he’s going to have to explain to Pepper why he and Steve were arrested. And Coulson. Fury’s face might make it all worth it, though. Either way, it’s going to be a fun day when they get back to New York.
"Steve!"
The strippers at Steve’s club had 24/7 access, a nice set of shiny keys handed over to them with their paperwork upon hiring. This allowed them the ability to come in when the club was closed for the day and to work on their routines right on stage.
He’s only barely just gotten over his unplanned appearance on the front page of multiple tabloids for feeding ducks in Central Park. How was he supposed to know about the perils of feeding bread to waterfowl? It was perfectly fine back in his day.
"JARVIS?" Steve asks, still secretly amazed at Stark’s creation.
Tony just shrugs and pockets his phone before turning to head down the hallway. “Steve,” he says as he walks away, drawing out the name is some semblance of seduction. “You coming?”
Steve laughed outright at that, and approached the stage. He peered up at Tony critically before pointing at the pole.
1) Stoneh 2) Teacher/student high school AU
“Clearly I didn’t think this through,” Tony says with a little smile.
“My mom taught me. She loved to dance. It was pretty much the only time I got her to myself. You wouldn’t find my dad near a dance floor of his own volition,” Tony admits.
friendship between them, but maybe he can manage to swallow his own pride and extend the olive branch.
“Is it… Is it hard to kiss with that in?” Tony asked, still looking at Steve’s mouth.
Anonymous asked:
headcanon: tony blushes more than steve does
He narrows his eyes at the expressions on the everyone’s faces, and then locks on to Steve. He pauses, searching for something, and then breaks out into a large, scandalized grin.
Steve’s face gets a little warm.
"Steve," Tony says, his voice a mixture of awe and disbelief.
"Well, that’s comforting."
“You don’t know how to dance?” Tony asks.
"Really?" Tony asks, voice higher that he’d like and catching a bit in the middle.
Unfortunately, before Steve can remove himself from the situation, they’re all distracted by a noise in the doorway.
He nearly jumps at the sound of his name. A glance around the room tells him that he must have been lost in his own thoughts longer than anticipated, it’s now empty save for himself and one other. (He’s only briefly concerned with the amount of time he’s spent contemplating the dildos in front of him.) When he shifts his gaze, he finds Steve, who’s looking at him with eyes full of innocent concern.
He leans in the rest of the way and presses his lips to Tony’s. It’s soft and chaste and they break apart after just a moment.
Tony pursed his lips. “Wouldn’t the elevator have to be worthy, then?”
"Look," Tony said. "I really appreciate it but that’s going to be a no go. I’m just not interested."
"In a way," Bruce says breezily, answering for him.
"So," Tony says.
Anonymous asked:
Tony nodded and joked his way through his brief orientation, and Steve kept right on smiling, the picture perfect gentleman even as Tony paraded around in a red thong. When they parted and Steve went back to his office to make a few phone calls, Tony was a little disappointed to say goodbye, but man did he appreciate the view.
"You’re the genius, I’m sure you can figure it out."
Okay, Steve thought. Maybe he just hadn’t been clear before. He was never any good at the whole flirting and asking someone out thing. He could take charge in all areas of his life except for this one, it seemed. He was going to settle this once and for all. He even had a plan, this time. He was going to find Tony and ask him straight up if he’d like to go to dinner with him. Alone. On a date.
“Why don’t we start with a waltz,” he says. “That should be pretty simple and then we can figure out where to go from there.”
Steve sighs and downs the rest of Tony’s drink and tries to think of a decent excuse to use for rejection number six.
Natasha shrugs. “Let one of them teach you,” she says, waving her free hand towards the room at large.
Steve made it through one lesson, showing the way Tony should wrap his leg around the pole, before the hand on Tony’s thigh slipped up high enough to make Tony inhale sharply. Then it was a flurry of motion and they were kissing… and Steve’s hands were
He turns around; fake smiled plastered on his face, and returns the greeting.
"Just because we know doesn’t mean we want to
Tony’s eyes flicker back and forth between the two men.
"Of course, Captain Rogers," JARVIS replies. Steve thinks there’s a sense of ‘this is pitifully easy’ to the tone and does his best to stamp down on the smile threatening to show on his lips.
"Funny," he deadpans. "I need a shower… it’s been a long day," he says, kicking off his shoes.
Tony’s doesn’t take his hands off of Steve, but he certainly moves them. Quick enough, they’ve found their way to the hem of Steve’s shirt and slipped up underneath to press his fingers into the bare skin of Steve’s back.
"Shut up. Just shut up. I don’t have enough blood left in my brain to pacify your insecurities. It’s perfect. It’s… it’s fucking hot is what it is."
, Steve thought.
Steve’s happiness in this moment is incandescent. He could live in this singular moment in time and never want for anything more. And in this moment he would pledge his life to Natasha for pushing the both of them into it.
Luckily for Tony, he spent most of his life under the glare of harsh, hot lights and it wasn’t unusual for his face to become red with heat, exertion, or simply flush with drink. He always had an excuse handy as to why his cheeks have suddenly gone crimson, and it definitely never had anything to do with something as lowbrow as emotion.
"Captain Rogers, how has it been working with The Avengers now that you guys are officially a sanctioned team?"
dirtysouthavenger asked:
Tony’s torn between applauding Steve’s thinly veiled insult and laughing at the bald-faced lie. Steve’s mind is like a steel trap, not to mention they’d had the ‘past relationships’ conversation a few weeks after they had started dating.
“What about you?” Steve asked.
"Did you know there’s a little tattoo parlor up the block?"
Tony just drops Steve’s hand and waves him off.
“Steve,” Tony said, his voice stilted and harsh.
“I suppose that would be a problem,” Tony says, ignoring Steve and taking a glass off the tray of a passing server. He holds the glass to his lips, idly looking into the crowd as he takes a sip.
Steve grinned at him. “Natasha’s calling.”
(They break apart at the sound of someone clearing their throat. The look on the nurse’s face vaguely reminds Steve of small children on Christmas morning.)
"You don’t look so different from us." Tony says as he looks the alien named Steve up and down.
“If Steve doesn’t know how to dance but is too afraid of stepping on strangers toes to learn…” she trails off pointedly.
theappleppielifestyle asked:
He tilted his hips up, giving Tony a better angle, and was rewarded with a sloppy kiss before Tony moved to nip at the crook of his neck, breathing heavily into Steve’s skin. A thought struck.
"I’m starving. Food now. Sex after. Get me the eggs?" Tony asks.
Tiberius smiles down at him and Tony fights the urge to gag. He reaches up and brushes a thumb along Tony’s cheekbone and Tony flinches back. He mentally berates himself for the showing of weakness, but the idea of Tiberius’ hands on him for any longer overcomes that particular shame.
Pepper holds up a hand and Tony grins.
Steve smiles against Tony’s lips. “It worked didn’t it?”
“Not even awkward high school swaying at prom?” Tony asks.
"Oh," Steve said. Then, "
"Dinner." He said, his voice going up an octave.
"I’m sorry," Steve says between a bout of giggles. "I’ve just never been—"
to respond. So he walked away instead, feeling Steve’s eyes trailing after him as he went.
Steve laughed. “You were, I mean it. You should’ve seen my testimony. Watching paint dry would’ve been more interesting,” Steve said.
Tony steps up into Steve’s space and Steve freezes for a moment before Tony takes his hands and arranges them into position.
Anonymous asked:
“Shoes off,” Tony says as Steve walks by.
"Tony, I’ve been thinking about this for awhile now and, well, the thing is I really like you. I thought maybe it was just a silly crush at first, you know, you’re handsome, intelligent, and ambitious so that’s not too surprising. But then I got to know you and I realized it’s not just a crush. I think you’re pretty amazing, actually. And I just—if you thought you might be interested—I’d love to see if we could maybe have something here? Between us? And I don’t mean—I don’t want to push you into anything. I’m not looking to jump into anything serious right away, but I thought—oh, hell. Tony would you like to go to dinner with me? on a date?"
"Um."
Steve feels his cheeks heat but he mumbles out the answer anyway. “You, uh, you asked me out on a date.”
And when the man sticks out his hand to shake Tony’s, he smiles and reveals dimples in his cheeks that make Tony’s heart stutter in his chest.
“What?” Steve asks, confused. “Of course I know Tony.”
"He wanted to ask me out on…" he trailed off.
"What isn’t?"
He’s not ashamed to admit that any excuse to touch Tony is an excuse he’ll gladly take. The large smile he’s giving the camera is in no small part due to the strong arm around his back, and the man attached to it.
There’s silence followed by a loud peel of high-pitched laughter. He shoots a look at Tony, who quickly tries to school his face back to a serious expression but fails miserably.
Tony looks over his shoulder and tosses him a grin. Then he does a ridiculous little shimmy before turning back to the stovetop with his spatula. Steve pauses, crossing his arms and leaning against the doorframe. He appreciates the view before speaking.
“Do you want any tattoos or piercings?”
“You know Tony,” she says.
Soft, slow music fills the room. Steve doesn’t recognize the song but when Tony starts to move, it would be almost impossible for him not to follow.
seeing Tony weekly, at the thought of no more pizz, beer, and movies with Tony’s wisecracks in the background. His lips purse at the thought of not feeling Tony’s warm thigh against his because Steve’s couch is small and sags in the middle and more often than not they wind up pressed against each other’s sides by the end of the night.
"Yeah, Tony?"
It’s not unusual for Tony to be on television. And, these days, the mention of Tony Stark gets no more than a flicker of a glance to the screen by the Avengers. Today, however, is a bit different. Half of the team is lounging around the living room when the television show changes over to a trashy entertainment news program.
“I’ve never danced. Period.”
bed and take you apart inch by inch.”
Tony snorts when Steve walks into the room.
Tony’s eyebrows furrow and Steve laughs.
“I’ll show you ‘keep going’,” Tony growled.
needs to get out more, after all—and heads over to the art building. He knows that’s where Steve will be.
activity is nice. Relaxing, even.
’s go around the reporters recording them before they separate. When they do, Tony makes a quick joke about Steve being the man with a plan and a strict laundry schedule and heads back to his interview.
"Please."
"If you’re saying I looked at him like I’d want nothing better for him to bend me over this desk right now and—"
“Not surprised that Steve is the one who needs to be told, highly concerned that you’re the one doing it,” Natasha said.
Tiberius laughs and Tony has to briefly admire the amount of condescension he manages to squeeze into that sound.
"For science," Steve agrees as Tony grips his wrist and takes him somewhere private.
"Very… very interesting. You’re very… good with your hands. You must know how to work the material well," he says, trying to wind Steve up a little.
Steve chuckled then, the sound sending a tingle up Tony’s spine.
"Coming?" He asks.
“I’d rather not step on any strangers’ toes,” he says. “Can you imagine the newspaper headlines the next day?”
“They won’t even notice,” Natasha says, “they’d just be thrilled that Captain America said yes.”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says conversationally.
"Not since we left the tower two hours ago, Rod Stewart. But it’s nice to be reminded," Tony says, the warm air of his breath caressing Steve’s neck.
different. A student is a student and I saw the way you looked at him.”
“I was afraid if we started doing this, I’d never want to stop. That if I was allowed to touch you… I’d never want to take my hands off of you.”
It starts out, as you’d expect, with Tony sending Steve a playlist of must-listen music to help him catch up. Because even though it’s been well over a year since Steve has graced them with his presence, Tony knows it’s been a year full of battles and wars and very little downtime for Steve to just… relax.
Eventually Steve learns how to use them as a barometer for Tony’s mood. JARVIS helps by populating the playlists with statistics regarding what Tony listens to. He learns to scale back the banter when Tony’s been listening to what Steve mentally refers to as the ‘Fuck Off’ list, to find an excuse to visit him in the lab when he’s listening to his ‘I’m Sad But I’ll Never Admit To It’ list, and then Steve finally gathers the courage to kiss him stupid when JARVIS kindly points out the list that Tony tends to listens to whenever Steve leaves the workshop. The one that’s full of songs Steve knows that Tony would never admit to listening to. Songs that make Steve smile.
“Just a little,” Clint said.
juanitatequila asked:
"Really," he says, not breaking eye contact.
“The red’s cool. But I don’t care for the blue,” he said, wrinkling his nose. “Maybe… a dark blond with it? Something that looks almost golden?”
Tony lifts the pillow and glares at Steve, who raises his hands in mock surrender before standing up and crossing the room to turn out the lights. He tries to bite down on his desire to say ‘I told you so’.
"Ugh, sweat," Tony says, his nose wrinkling and leaning back slightly.
"Good," Steve said. "That’s good."
Steve smiles. “Breakfast first. Then we’ll see where things go.”
"Images Ms. Potts scanned into the database. They were found among some of Mr. Stark’s possessions in storage."
"No, no. Now’s fine," he says, smiling brightly into the flash of cameras.
Steve turns his blinding smile on Tony and wow, he completely understands the woman’s predicament. Sadly, the smile drops off as Steve takes in Tony’s expression and nods. Tony pulls him off down the hall and into the empty library, shutting the door quietly behind him.
Steve leans back, their arms still around each other, and he smiles down at Tony.
Tony remains silent. Steve remains confused.
"Jesus Christ, Pep. Give a guy a heart attack."
Tony craned his neck, tilting his head up from the pillow it had been resting on, to look at Steve. Steve with the puffy red lips, wide bright eyes, and chocolate syrup smearing his mouth.
Steve shakes his head and Clint laughs again, taking his mug of coffee and leaving the kitchen, his snickering echoing down the hallway.
“No, probably not,” Steve agreed.
Steve lets out a sigh. “It’s not him,” he says as the ‘news’ anchor resumes talking.
, Steve thinks. Why is it he can spot a trap a mile away on the battlefield but never the one two feet to his left when it really counts?
"What—what—" Steve says, unable to find any words that could possibly make this better.
"Tony, what did I tell you?"
“Alright, first things first… put your foot right here,” Tony says, nudging Steve’s foot into place.
Steve’s laugh turns into a moan when Tony cups him through his jeans.
“What about hanging it from a coat rack?”
Tony did just that.
The air rushes out of Tony’s chest in one fell swoop.
And then he’s out of the room, just like that.
"Are we going to have a problem?" Steve asks after a moment, his voice is low and threatening. It’s enough to set the hairs on the back of Tony’s neck on end.
and Steve just can’t help himself but bend down and try to capture the taste of that smile with his own lips.
Plates and silverware were strewn about the table and the bed. A variety of syrups sat on the floor near them. Steve had made crepes that morning and Tony was, once again, impressed. Every day, Steve seemed to come up with some new talent or ability that had Tony falling a bit more in love with him.
Tony turned to look at him, a small amount of shock on his face. “Hi.” He said. There was a hint of a question in the tone.
,” Steve manages to choke out before losing himself to another fit.
At least that’s what Steve thinks it is.
“What if we had JARVIS run the elevator with the hammer in it?”
“You asked,” Natasha replied.
They were quiet for another five minutes before he saw Tony pocket the cell phone and lean back, resting his back and elbows on the bench behind him. He cleared his throat gently and Steve’s heart stuttered just a fraction, waiting to see if Tony was going to speak. He wasn’t disappointed.
"So," Steve replies, smirking.
Steve turns back to the table and sees Natasha smiling to herself. Clint has become re-absorbed into the television.
“Hey,” Tony complained.
So Tony was more than a little excited when he saw the job opening at Steve’s club. He was
“Ty, it’s been ages,” he says. And he’d like for it to be even longer, but he’s trying the whole ‘civil’ thing lately.
Steve levels him a look.
“It was worth a shot,” she says, a deceptively delicate-looking shoulder lifting in a small shrug.
of all people.
Tony moans pitifully, covering his face with a pillow.
After a moment, he says, “I warned you that frying bacon was a bad idea.”
"Yeah," Tony breathed.
If asked, and he
expansive music library.
Tony’s breath seems to catch in his throat. “Yeah, yeah I can,” he says.
“Hmmm,” he says. “Well, the bright side is at least you won't have to unlearn any bad habits.”
Steve didn’t know if it was possible, but it certainly felt like his heart skipped a beat.
"Mr. Stark’s childhood drawings."
Tony, though… Tony, despite any reports to the contrary, had always been an emotional person. His mother used to tell him how much she loved his rosy cheeks when he was growing up and maybe for that reason, or simply because he didn’t have the patience or stability to train it away like Steve, it has just become another fact of life to him.
"Made
"Date? Who said anything about dating. Besides he’s a Grad Student that’s—"
Tony sticks out his hand. “I’m Tony. You’re hot. Nice to meet you.”
“I don’t think I’ve seen you around here before,” Steve said. He cringed almost immediately. He was skirting way too close to lame pick-up lines when all he wanted to do was introduce himself.
Steve owns and runs the strip club but he’s a legend in the business. He came from nothing and worked his way up in the world. The American dream, some would say.
“Yeah?” Steve breathed.
So the first playlist comes via small package that shows up at Steve’s doorstep containing a Stark MP3 player and is loaded up with a hundred songs and a small note attached saying, “Tried to keep it manageable. Let me know when you’re finished and I’ll give you the next 100. - Tony”
Clint makes a choking noise.
Steve’s chair screeches against the tile as he tosses his napkin down on a plate still full of food and follows Tony out the door.
"No, not here. Come with me."
"Time will fly by, trust me."
Steve wakes to the sound of rustling paper, immediately aware of two things. Fact number one is that it’s the middle of the night, if the darkness of the room is anything to go by. Fact number two is that he knows he went to bed alone, but there’s quite clearly someone standing over him next to his bed.
"Alright," Tony claps his hands together, a wicked gleam in his eyes. "Let’s show these idiots not to mess with the science teachers, shall we?"
Tony looks at Natasha and lifts his mug in acknowledgment, a smirk on his lips.
Within five years, he’d completed his degree and managed to find the financial backing to buy the club. That was the day he hung up his pretty little red, white, and blue g-string for good. Tony was only just starting in the business then, but even he had heard about Steve Rogers and was disappointed that he’d never had the chance to see him in action.
He’s so distracted with his worry, he doesn’t notice as Tony walks up to him. He does notice, however, when Tony grabs a handful of his shirt and pulls him down into a bruising kiss.
Tony went down on his back with a thump. His breath rushed from his chest, yet he still managed enough air to speak.
The guy stands in the doorway, turning a shade of red that shouldn’t be so attractive on human skin, like he’s frozen on the spot.
do anything about it while Steve’s still his student. At least, nothing outside of his blatant staring and pretty overt flirting. But Steve ends up dropping Tony’s class the day before the final drop date. He cites the fact that he has overloaded on his art courses and he doesn’t have time to eat and sleep, much less study for something as intense as Tony’s class this semester.
Natasha glances up from her book, looks at Steve and then looks at the television.
. When they parted, lips red and plump, they grinned each other other like a couple of lovestruck fools.
"Experimented on," Tony repeats, licking his lips. "Right. Yes. Let’s do that. For, uh science."
“Why did you agree to this, then? I would’ve been fine—you didn’t have to—” Steve instinctually moves to take a step back, hurt and flinching away from the answer. Tony’s hands tighten on him, the intent more than strength keeping Steve in place.
? Steve thinks, but Tony continues on.
“What if someone pressed the button and got out, and it was in the elevator by itself?”
(Chris Evans & RDJ during a press junket) where Steve and Tony accidentally out their relationship during a press line at an event because they’re so damn handsy with each other
He tries not to think too hard about what that means.
“Hmm,” Tony trailed off thoughtfully.
“I’m Steve,” Steve tried wanly.
“I’m a little rusty myself, but I can teach you enough to impress the next person who asks. You’ll be buying a yellow gown in no time.”
Tony’s brain is a little fuzzy from, well, everything, and all he can manage to say is, “What-“
"Alright, alright. I wont do anything while he’s a student."
"Thank god," Tony murmurs against his lips and Steve laughs.
he needs someone who’s
Steve is still confused, “Afraid? I don’t understand.”
He paces outside the ballroom door for a minute, trying to commune with said butterflies, before he’s startled out of his line of thought when the door creaks open and Tony pokes his head out.
“Do I need to ask the question, Steve?”
Steve nodded, a cocky smile on his face.
But mostly, Steve is in love with the dorky goofball who makes playlists full of cheesy, sappy love songs for when he makes love to his new boyfriend for the first time.
Natasha watches Tony thoughtfully for a moment before turning back to Steve.
By eight o’clock that night, Steve is… well, he’s nervous, truth be told. He knows it’s not a big deal. It’s just dancing. It’s dancing with
He gets through the first list in one night and sends a quick text to Tony telling him so.
"Not everything needs a plan, Tony."
Steve’s tempted to move, to have Tony sit up so he can undo the tie and divest him of the jacket. He wants to wipe away the traces of the day that have reduced the man who’s always so full of talkative energy to groans and mumbles and sluggish movements. But he catches the way Tony’s face is relaxing, the way his breaths are evening out, warming Steve’s skin through the fabric of his shirt, and thinks there will be plenty of time for that later.
Tony eyes him appreciatively as Steve shucks off his shirt and lets it fall to the floor, glitter raining down after it. He smiles to himself, making a few selections on his tablet and sitting down on the edge of the bed just as the bass of the song fills the room. Steve’s fingers freeze on the button of his jeans, his eyes flicking to Tony’s
“He would be, if he knew how to dance,” Natasha interrupts.
Instead of parting and pretending it didn’t happen, Steve straightens his proverbial backbone and leans down, tilting Tony’s head up with his hand, and captures Tony’s lips in a kiss. The crowd around them goes silent for the same amount of time it takes for Tony to open his mouth and turn the kiss into something a little more PG-13 than PG (hint: not long at all) and then there’s blinding flashes of light and deafening shouts of questions.
"Who?"
But no, no one else seems to be concerned. Maybe they don’t realize… Tony’s the one who bought them after all. And they’ve been painted over and parts have been carved off to slot together. But he can still see the vein on the sides of a couple of them, for god’s sake!
Everyone is watching now, with a variety of expressions. There are a couple of grimaces, a look of surprise, and one of intense interest as the clip starts. It’s short, showing what little they can on a cable show, starting out with a shot of the back of a man’s head. There’s a bout of laughter, one that does sound eerily like Tony, and then the camera pans down, blurring out the woman on the bed but giving a clear shot of the man’s rear.
"You’re slipping, Cap. How does that even happen?"
Tony shivers slightly. “Breakfast, huh?”
to dance. So I was wondering…”
And then his heart skips a beat at his own realization, at the way things finally click into place for him, and his face must be a reflection of his thoughts because Clint laughs at him and pats him on the back.
"You told them, didn’t you?"
"I believe the most recent project was updated just last week," JARVIS says and Steve can picture the smirk on his nonexistent face.
"Yes, Captain?" The female voice would take some getting used to.
“I was thinking,” Tony said.
Tony grins and reaches out to run a finger along Steve’s pecs and then down further.
"Oh, well," Steve laughs. "Tony’s certainly had his share of life experience, but I can’t hold that against him. I guess if anything, I’d have to thank you. No matter how insignificant, every piece of Tony’s past has shaped him into the man I love today.”
“Not her fault she’s better than you,” Steve pointed out.
Steve struggles to keep his eyes focused as he scrolls through more of SHIELD’s database. He leans back and rubs his eyes, sighing. Since Stark had taken them all in, he finds himself spending most of his free time like this, trying to devour and take in everything Natasha leaked.
Of course she noticed all of them. Steve would think he would be used to having his every move observed by now.
"I’m sorry, have we met? I’m Tony Stark, I don’t do things by halves."
a stranger.”
Steve shrugs. “Heard the explosion, came running.”
Tony grinned at him, like always. “Hey, Steve. What can I do for you? Besides keep your ass out of jail, that is.”
”Accept?” Tony asked, eyes wide and hopeful.
"And the rest?"
It does make Steve think, however.
Tony laughs and laughs when Steve finds it in the shower. He even laughs when Steve grabs the shower head attachment and turns it on its most forceful setting, dousing Tony as he stands at the sink, toothbrush still in mouth. He lets out an insane little giggle when Steve finally gets out of the shower and walks over to him, rolling his eyes but smiling, before giving him a long kiss and heading to their bedroom to get dressed.
The next time Steve saw Tony was in front of the grand jury. He watched in awe as Tony danced around the questions before finally driving points home that no one could refute. Over and over they tried to trip him up, tried to get him to say anything that would give them legal grounds to send him or the rest of the team away for good, but he didn’t falter once. It was a sight to behold.
Tony’s only slightly upset he doesn’t see the look on Tiberius’ face as they leave, but Steve’s expression more than makes up for it. He knows it’s petty and immature, but seeing Steve jealous sends a zing of pleasure through him.
"You’re so dramatic. We had some good times, didn’t we?"
"Trying to recruit a stripper for the team or were
Steve followed the direction of Bucky’s nod and spotted the person in question immediately. He sat on the small set of metal bleachers in perfect view of all the equipment. Even from this far away, Steve was a little struck by how attractive he was.
Damn.
As he delves deeper, he stumbles on something even more unusual—what looks to be a kid’s drawings. Drawings of Captain America standing next to a small dark-haired boy looking proud. Drawings of that same little boy holding a shield… It’s been a long, long time since Steve has been this lost.
“Sure. But if it’s hot and sweaty you want, I have a different idea,” he says.
Tony stopped suddenly, lifting his head up from Steve’s neck to get a better look at Steve’s face, his expression thoughtful. He shifted around until he was resting back on his ankles, arms wrapped under Steve’s thighs to ensure they stayed together.
Steve laughs and leans back, looking at Tony’s face, his heart warming at the expression he finds there. “Yeah, once or twice.”
being interested,” Tony said, interrupting him.
Anonymous asked:
“Absolutely.”
"Yeah? How different are we talking about here?"
When he arrives he sees Tony laying under a pile of rubble. A pile that looks like it had been a carriage in its past life. Before Tony got his hands on it, anyway.
"Hmm?"
“Slightly, yeah,” Bruce said.
"Can I help you, Captain Rogers?"
"What do you say tomorrow we—"
Tony opens his mouth to tell Tiberius off, but he’s interrupted.
“JARVIS said you were out here lurking,” he says.
brightki asked:
He isn’t all together surprised at the pillow that hits the back of his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
In between calls to assemble and board meetings, they manage to work their way through the catalog of dances Tony knows offhand. When Tony mentions it, Steve is afraid their lessons will end there (he might even think for a split second that maybe he can pretend to be worse than he is—just to squeeze a few more lessons out of Tony) but Tony just shrugs it off and says it can’t hurt for him to learn new things as well.
Tony leans in ever so slightly, his lips inches away from Steve’s.
"Steve," Tony says seriously. "For all intents and purposes, they sent us on vacation. I may be a workaholic but sometimes even I can recognize when I need a break. Why not take it on someone else’s dime? Even if they think they’re pulling one over on me."
“They’ve all seemed perfectly nice.”
Steve took a step toward him. “Look, don’t worry about it, you can’t help who you like—”
"Did they teach you any moves?" He asks.
“Alright. Get off me, Cap.”
No matter what day they meet, though, it easily becomes the highlight of Steve’s week.
Tony laughs. “Unusual method, but I guess I can’t argue with the results.”
Anonymous asked:
Steve nods, eyebrows furrowed. “Hmm, the name’s just not ringing a bell,” he says and then chuckles to himself. “I’m sorry, my memory’s not too great. If it’s not important, it tends to fall through the cracks.”
“If you’re going to step on any toes, I’d prefer bare feet. I can deal with bruises but I’d rather not deal with any broken bones.”
Anonymous asked:
Natasha smirks and a pit opens in the bottom of Steve’s stomach.
By the next day, a couple of rounds in bed, Steve showing a routine on the pole, another round on the floor, and more laughter than he thought possible, Tony learned that the stripper pole wasn’t the only pole Steve knew how to work.
Natasha grins slowly. “I don’t think he can handle the way I dance.”
Could you please write a thing where a guy Tony slept with at one point sees him again and is all up in Tony's business while Tony is asking him to back off and Steve goes into full over protective boyfriend mode? PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!!!
Steve huffs out a laugh, his head giving a throb and reminding him exactly why he’s there.
"I’m Steve," says Steve and his grip on Tony’s hand is firm and confident even if the expression on his face doesn’t quite match. And Tony’s already thinking about how best to move the furniture so he’ll never miss one of Steve’s smiles again.
"No," says the authoritative voice behind him and Tony nearly jumped a foot in the air.
Steve may not have time to eat and sleep but it turns out he has enough time to bend Tony over that desk a couple weeks later.
"So I was thinking," Tony begins and Steve takes off. He sends his shield flying at the monstrosity on the adjacent rooftop, and gets a running start, launching himself over the gap between the buildings.
“I didn’t want to dance with you, Steve, because I was afraid.”
"They’re real nice bunch of people there. Different from what I expected."
So, tonight I volunteered at some carnival/fair and I worked the glitter tattoo station. I had these little girls give me all these tattoos and I'm covered in glitter! What if Steve and/or Tony worked the station? Fury?
"What are you doing in my room?"
“It’s not like—” Steve starts.
"Rumor has it you were pretty good," Tony said.
“He’s a person to us, of course, but we don’t know what Mjolnir thinks,” Steve amended.
"At least I can quit making excuses. Steve. There’s something I’d like to show you in the bedroom," Tony starts, and Steve lets out a nervous giggle that’s completely unlike him. "Well, there’s a few things I’d like to show you in there but the biggest one right now is my d—"
"Yes, Captain Rogers?"
Steve was stunned at how much he wanted to fix whatever had put that look into Tony’s eyes, despite the fact that they had just met. Knowing they didn’t know each other well enough to pursue the topic, he went in a different direction.
There’s a loud bang that causes the trees near Steve to sway followed by a large crash. He’s out of the water and on his way back to his camp before he even consciously makes the decision.
A minute later, Tony straightened up with a huff and took the earpiece out, tossing it on the workbench. He really needed to screen his calls better.
“She won’t let me get any. But,” Steve grinned, “only four months until I’m eighteen and then she can’t do anything about it.”
One day Steve falls asleep while drawing in the workshop, face down and almost drooling into the couch. Tony goes over with a sharpie, pulls Steve's sweats down a little, and draws the Iron Man helmet on Steve's butt
"You don’t say," Tony says a little dreamily.
“Hey, you could’ve kept going,” Steve said, shrugging.
"Yes, sir?"
"Of course, sir."
"I could show you, if you want," Steve says as he stands up, voice low.
Steve’s mouth snapped shut. Alright, he thought. At least he had a firm, clear answer. He’d gotten over heartbreak before, he could do it again. He nodded shortly and made his way quickly out of the lab.
Fix idea: Tony has a half built CA shield on his table in IM 1 so what if he always dreamed of Steve being found & has been designing stuff for him for years. as a pet project or destresser. Then he comes back & Tony tries to hide it from him
Steve lifted an eyebrow. “She’s my ma. And she’s all the family I have. Besides, I’ve had enough broken bones to last me a lifetime.”
When Tony pulls back, his eyes do a sweep of the room and then another longer, distinctly more lascivious, sweep of Steve’s body that makes him shiver.
"Arrested?"
Two weeks later when he stumbles back in after a tense business trip and Steve greets him with a crushing hug and roaming hands, he doesn’t laugh when he finally has Steve stripped naked and on his stomach on the bed.
Steve watches Tony’s eyes flicker around, a crease growing between his brows. He laughs and walks over and wraps his arms around Tony’s waist.
Confused, Tony asks, “So you decided the best way to fix that was by flirting with her?”
Tony laughs.
3. This is going to hurt.
Then Steve notices the playlists. The playlists with odd names. Some are a mixture of letters and numbers that Steve quickly realizes are times and dates (sometimes he’s even able to correspond them to specific events), there are a handful of playlists named after people (“Clint” never fails to make Steve laugh), and then there are ones that look like gibberish. A string of letters that look like someone smashed their fist against the keyboard while occasionally hitting the ‘shift’ key. Steve’s a little proud at how quickly he manages to decode those.
"Rough day?" Steve asks softly.
Steve laughs but then looks at Tony seriously. “Thank you, Tony. I really appreciate it,” he says honestly.
Steve hums. Swing dancing does sound like fun, but he also thinks that can wait until next week.
That was why he was at the club that day. The bar and stage were empty but Tony could see the glow of the light under Steve’s door, indicating his presence. Not wanting to bother him (yet), Tony set up the music and got to work.
"I’m sorry," Steve says quietly. "I don’t know… I don’t know what came over me. But seeing him touch you like that. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t—"
“When Natasha said you should teach me how to dance the first time… you said you don’t dance. But then we all saw you in that picture with Pepper and, well, obviously you know
"What? Right now?"
The noise is Tony’s arrival—a vague moan of greeting followed by a few mumblings about caffeine.
"That centerpiece. New?" He asks, playing dumb.
i couldn't help myself.
And then promptly surprises himself, his body seeming to move of it’s own accord the moment Tony’s eyes meet his and Steve sees the way the edges crinkle because Tony is smiling. Tony is smiling at
Tiberius opens his mouth to speak, but Steve beats him to it, glancing at Tony.
shield. It—no, they, as there are multiple designs, are clearly inspired by his shield but they’re all different. And they’re all brilliant. Not only that but there are sketches of motorcycles, upgrades to his uniform, plans for a jet pack, and so many other things clearly designed with Steve in mind, that he finds himself at a complete and total loss.
They lean back into each other and this time Steve nips at Tony’s bottom lip, relishes the feel of Tony’s tongue soft and velvet against his own, delights in the scratch of Tony’s beard against his clean-shaven skin.
And if that happens to be nothing more than being a warm pillow for the moment, he’s more than happy to provide that service.
He had planned on downing some orange juice, taking a quick shower, and then coming back to make breakfast, hoping to surprise tony in bed. If he was honest with himself, he was mostly hoping that if he stopped Tony from getting up, he could keep Tony in bed for other reasons. But those plans go up in flames when he sees what’s in front of him.
“Are you insinuating you’re the Beast in this scenario?” Steve asks innocently.
"Yeah? Well. Why don’t you teach me a lesson, then?"
"You’re right," Tony says without a hint of surprise.
“How do you even know all of this?” Steve asks.
"TONY," Bruce says.
"You sure did."
Instead of shutting up in the face of an angry super soldier, like someone with a shred of intelligence would do, Tiberius smiles, “So soon? I was hoping for a bit more of Tony’s time. I’d love to be able to catch up.”
"I’m sorry," Tony started.
"My hero," he says and leans forward to bite at Steve’s neck. "Let me give you a reward."
"No, sorry, not
Tony opens the door further and ushers Steve inside.
“Hmm?”
"Pfft. I’m working on it."
"That’s right, I forget you used to do this," Tony added. He picked up his towel and made his way to Steve, settling himself on the edge of the stage, swinging his legs just a bit.
Steve lets out a small laugh, and sets his sketchbook on the arm of the couch, and cards his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony’s arms snake around his waist awkwardly, pressing his face even further into Steve.
Tony’s busy arranging the furniture to maximize his privacy when he hears the door open. He turns around, mouth open to do the—
"I’ve had my share of experience in the area," Steve says, giving Tony a long look that has his stomach twisting. "You just need to know the strengths and weaknesses of what you’re working with. Learn how to manipulate it, learn how to handle it in just the right way and eventually it’ll do anything you want it to."
“Get out of here and go practice, you jerk.” Steve said, laughing.
It’s an expression that’s complete and total bullshit. Tony narrows his eyes.
Tony skirts the table like it’s a wild animal, fingers clutching his mug, eyes darting from person to person wondering why no one has said anything. After all, this is not a group of people who would take a pile of dildos in stride without comment.
“Ballroom,” Tony says. “Eight o’clock tonight, twinkletoes.” Steve’s about to protest but Tony keeps talking. “The Lannister twins here are not invited. I’ll have JARVIS electrify the doorknobs if I need to.”
"It’s not too painful, you know." Steve said.
"Can you tell me where Tony is?" He pauses. "And, uh, how does he like his coffee?"
Tony laughs and Steve watches as he loosens his tie before flopping backwards on the bed, Steve’s luggage bouncing at the impact. He stretches lazily before crossing his arms under his head and looking at Steve through heavy-lidded eyes.
Steve is about to say something sympathetic that would probably sour the whole mood but he’s saved by Tony telling JARVIS to play the next song.
"Yeah, sure. What were you thinking?" Tony asked. Steve didn’t get a chance to answer before Tony continued."Wait, no, I’ve got just the place."
Anon asked for a Punk!Steve/Prep!Tony high school au.
“What if he put it on the passenger seat of a car, and I tried to drive the car?”
"Made it myself," Steve says, grinning slightly.
Steve nods in agreement. “They were.”
made him into the main attraction. His routine, though… Tony had only heard rumors about the things that man could supposedly do on a pole.
"It should be."
"Oh? It doesn’t look like you have anything better going on, all alone like you were."
And then it’s a flurry of activity, of hands pulling and pushing, a door slamming shut, flicks of tongue, teeth nipping at lips, and tripping and laughing their way through Steve’s living room and straight to the bedroom.
"I love you too."
"What’s up, Cap?"
Steve grins in response, knowing that Tony is about to do something brilliant. And thinking that maybe later he and Tony can do something dirty.
"Isn’t this unsanitary?" Steve asks, stripping out of his shirt all the same.
Bucky rolled his eyes. He was about to speak again when someone yelled his name, very loudly, interrupting him.
"Stop talking," he said in warning, glancing down pointedly.
Steve’s initial reaction to the photo is mostly, ‘Oh, that’s a nice picture of the two of them.’ This thought, however, is immediately followed by a slightly painful and weird twist in his chest.
“What? No prom for teenage Steve Rogers? That’s a shame, I've seen the photos… you were adorable,” Tony says.
Tony tsks as he rolls out and stands up, brushing the dirt off the front of his toga. Then he looks up and notices Steve’s state of dress.
"I really can’t see myself
"Now I’m sure that’s a lie."
“And by not knowing how to dance, you mean you’ve never done a dance with actual steps or…”
"Was someone just in here?"
"I’m sorry. I’m not sure I know who you are. How do you guys know each other?" Steve asks.
“What?” Tony asks, turning his head to look at Steve.
"Tony, I—"
"—wait a second. Are you
The silence permeating the room gives him all the answers he needs. Not that he can blame Tony, after their auspicious start together, but at least things have been getting better between them. They’re cordial, at least, and Tony’s proving to be a very gracious host considering the nature of his guests.
Steve clears his throat but avoids answering.
"Yeah,"  Tony says breathlessly. "I guess we will."
There was silence again, but much shorter than the last.
,” Clint adds, wincing.
Steve’s reporter opens her mouth to ask another question, but Steve can hear someone asking Tony for a picture of the two of them together. Tony refuses, insisting that Steve’s busy with his own interview but Steve can’t resist. He takes a step and reaches over, grabbing Tony’s hand and reeling him back in.
angelfireeast asked:
“Maybe not a stranger, but certainly strange,” Tony says. “But
“What about an elevator?” Steve asked.
"Relax, Tony. The doctor said you’ll be fine in a couple of weeks."
Tony wiggles his eyebrows. “Donuts and morning sex? I think I may just have to keep you.”
“Not bad,” Tony says when the song ends and they’ve both come away unscathed.
Steve sighs. He knew it was inevitable, someone noticing. It’s often the downside that comes with having so many spies and otherwise hyper-intelligent people as friends.
Steve uses every inch of his height to his advantage as he addresses Tiberius again, looking down at him.
Steve stood up and extended a hand to help Tony up off the mat. Tony took it gratefully and shook out his arms before settling back into his opening stance again.
And then Steve feels his stomach drop a little at the thought of
Tony looks up at him with wide brown eyes, searching.
When Steve turned around and awarded him with a brilliant smile and a quick greeting, Tony’s cheeks just burned that much more. Steve gave him a curious look at the lack of response, but his lips remained curved upwards as he searched Tony’s face.
"I’ve got no plans tomorrow night,” Steve said, giving Tony what he hoped was a flirtatious smile. With his track record on that type of thing, though, it may have been more of a grimace.
The next day, there’s another box at his doorstep and Steve rolls his eyes because he really doesn’t need two MP3 players and it would be just like Tony to do that instead of updating the one he already has.
There’s a small smile on her lips. He frowns at it, then sighs. “I don’t know how to dance.”
“Alright, Fred Astaire,” Tony says, his arms crossed over his chest. He’s clearly trying to pretend he’s upset at Steve laughing at him but he can’t stop the grin spreading across his own face. “Get off your ass and see if you can do it, then.”
“Why don’t you teach him, Tony?” she asks innocently.
“Hey, you approached me. This is all your fault,” Tony said.
Tony looked surprised, like it was something he had never considered. “I don’t know… yeah, maybe. Someday.”
"Was that planned, Cap?"
“Absolutely.”
Steve nods shortly but doesn’t move. When Steve opens his eyes, the look he gives Tony makes him forget how to breathe.
"That’s why," he huffs as he lifts the largest piece, "you don’t do this alone."
"I didn’t know what you’d like and JARVIS said you eat something different every day so I just—"
Tony nearly laughs himself, but then Tiberius steps towards him, invading his space.
"Yeah," he says. "Yeah, I’m good with that."
They’re standing in the middle of Tony’s classroom, Steve’s gun to his side as the building shakes with another explosion. Steve nods and does another once over of the room. The door is barricaded but it wont last long to a frontal assault. They’ve got to figure a way out or a way to fight.
And, boy, Tony was going to fabricate the guy an Oscar because until this moment he wasn’t aware that Steve could act so well.
Steve, not realizing he’d tensed up, relaxes in a haze of relief.
“Did you just dip me?” he asks against Steve’s lips.
Steve/Tony, not exactly an AU-Setting. Steve's the jealous one, he's always jealous when Tony flirts with woman on Galas etc. Then he walks to him and blinding the woman with his charms and smiles until she doesn't know anymore what she wanted from Tony. And Steve has him for himself :p
“Seriously, get out of here before I deck you.”
"Hey, Tony!" He yelled, jogging to catch up.
when he auditioned and got the job.
"What do you say to a quick romp, for old time’s sake?"
Steve hedged for a moment, clearing his throat. “I dunno, I’ve never…” Steve said honestly, trailing off.
"Captain Rogers just left."
There’s a moment of silence, a moment where Tony is legitimately worried a fight is about to break out, but then Tiberius drops his wrist and takes a step back.
Tony’s expression closed and he gave a half-hearted shrug. “Sure, I guess.”
“His feet
All of which they ignore for now, enjoying a slow and lazy kiss until they finally part and Tony looks at him, pure joy written into every line of his face.
Even though he knows full well what’s going on, the smile on Steve’s face still manages to creep Tony out just a tiny bit. He’s surprised that Tiberius is still trying to talk to them, much less the fact that he’s holding eye contact with Steve.
"No, no. It’s fine," Tony says, still breathless.
rather large,” Tony says thoughtfully, sitting lightly on the edge of the table, inches from Steve’s fork. Tony looks him up and down. “But he also seems to be sitting down... so I fail to see the problem here.”
"Did I catch you in the middle of a bath?" He asks, stepping closer.
silently waits for someone to write a fic based on
Anonymous asked:
His throat felt tight. “Right,” he said, voice strangled. “Can you playback the security footage?”
“Say, Steve,” Tony says, stopping in the doorway. “I’ve got something you need to take a look at downstairs. You free?”
Steve raises his eyebrows. “Really? You don’t see the reason why? Why don’t you get yourself out of there, then?”
"I take it he wasn’t exactly thrilled by the reality of that situation," Steve says.
“No,” Tony agreed, but didn’t say anything further.
It’s more than a little frustrating because, honestly, very little has made sense to Steve for about two years now. Much less seeing a picture of Tony dancing after he explicitly stated he does no such thing.
"Don’t try to change the subject, Tony. You cannot date a student."
"You know this is a set-up," Steve says as he watches the waves crash on the beach.
He thinks Steve will shake his head and laugh before moving into the bathroom. He’s taken by complete surprise when Steve’s hips actually start to sway in time with the music. His breath catches in his throat when Steve stalks every so slowly towards him.
starkasmic asked:
“Steve here was saying he didn’t want to step on any strange toes.”
Natasha turns and looks at him, eyebrows furrowed.
“Should I be afraid?” Steve asks.
Steve felt like he had been doused in cold water. Part of him wanted to make his case, part of him felt like leaving and finding someplace quiet to lick his wounds. He tried for the former.
Natasha stands up and pats him on the shoulder before following Tony’s lead and disappearing into the crowd, leaving Steve alone at the table yet again. He pulls Tony’s glass into his hands to give him something to look busy with. Unfortunately, it’s not long before he spots a man eyeing him across the dance floor with a look Steve is all too familiar with.
“You want the truth, Steve?”
"Undercover?" Tony stares at him, shock evident on his face.
But that was all blown out of the water the moment he met Steve himself. Tony was never one for flowery language but he swears that his heart stopped beating for a moment when Steve’s baby blues locked on him. It started back up again, double time, when Steve smiled at him.
was what made Steve a star.
"S’pose not," he says before leaning in for a kiss.
Steve goes limp in the chair, like all of his strings have been cut. It’s one thing to see the drawings from Tony’s childhood, he’s gotten fairly used to the idea (as much as he can) that he was a hero to more than one generation. But the other files, things that were made by adult Tony, the ‘coming home’ presents…
Tony gave him an appreciative smirk in response, but immediately launched into his plan of attack.
"I didn’t—I’m sorry I shouldn’t have presumed without—"
“Tale as old as time,” she says.
“I’m starting to think you might not need me anymore,” Tony says.
He cleared his throat, unsure of what to do next. “Excuse me,” he said.
It’s the last coherent thought he has that night.
“No,” Steve says.
Tony glared.
“So,” Tony says, looking Steve up and down.
"Tony?"
Five minutes ago, Tony’s skin would have been crawling at the touch, but now he’s thoroughly engrossed and distracted by how Steve’s acting. It’s both amusing and slightly arousing, this display of protectiveness. He doesn’t even have it in him to be upset over Steve talking for him.
Steve frowns but walks over anyway, making quick work of the rubble.
By the end of the song, Steve’s cheeks hurt from smiling and he finds that the coiled tension in his body has completely evaporated.
"Wow," he says.
"Why don’t we grab that box of donuts, I’ll take a quick shower, JARVIS can let everyone else know there’s food in the kitchen, and you and I can have breakfast in bed."
"I was on the phone," Tony interrupted.
"Yeah. It was good to see you too, Tony," Steve said wanly.
Tony watches, interested, as they shake hands. By the way Tiberius’ eye twitches he gets the feeling that Steve is giving a new meaning to the term ‘firm handshake’. To his credit, Tiberius tries his best to appear unfazed, but Tony knows him well enough to see the cracks in the facade and the way he clenches and unclenches his hand when Steve lets go.
Thankfully, Tony had given clearance to the entire team for all of Stark Tower, including his workshop and personal quarters. Steve walked into the building and to the elevator on a mission.
Bucky laughed. “Sure thing,” he said. He started to head towards where Natasha was standing on the top of a ramp before he stopped and looked back at Steve.
So he defaults to what he usually does when he’s lost and unsure. He looks at Tony. Tony, who’s still smiling at him but with something softer, more intimate on his face. Tony shrugs as if to say, ‘What the hell?’
Tony hums in response as they continue to sway. Steve resists the temptation to pull Tony close and rest his cheek against Tony’s beard, the way he sees in the movies.
“No shit,” Bucky said. “She’s going to kick my ass again today.”
His eyebrow is lifted and he’s leaned into Tony’s space ever so slightly. His voice a little huskier and oh, wow—is he
Natasha watches Steve fidget in his seat when Tony walks into the kitchen. There’s something different. There’s… something in the air. Something that wasn’t there before.
"Tony, unless you’ve figured out how to to turn all these machines off, I don’t want to know what you’re thinking," Steve says, dodging a blast before pausing to peer at the distance from his rooftop to the next.
"It’s not, trust me. Anyway, I wanted to ask—since we’re both here and we haven’t seen each other since—do you want to grab some coffee?" Steve asked. He had gone for casual, but knew his face betrayed him. He’d bet money you could read his hopefulness a mile away.
"That kid over there in the school uniform."
Tony freezes on the spot, forcing Steve to stop with him. He looks Steve in the eye, all traces of mirth from earlier gone.
Steve shrugged. “They’re just small holes. They’ll shrink up and pretty much disappear if I leave them out long enough. Tattoos are a different story though.”
Steve rolled his eyes and Tony laughed.
Steve came to rest a couple of feet behind Tony as he finished talking. He stood there, holding his breath as he waited for a response.
"Are you saying that’s
Damn. Maybe middle-of-the-possible-end-of-the-world wasn’t the best time to try his luck at dating. Especially with Tony Stark.
Steve nearly jumped out of his skin. As it was, he jumped out of his chair and took a step back, prepared to fight—
Tony gets the hint and from then on simply takes the MP3 player from Steve whenever they see each other (Steve who has taken to always having it on him), adds a new playlist, and hands it back to Steve without comment. If they go too long without seeing each other, Tony swings by Steve’s apartment and they inevitably end up spending the next few hours talking, usually ordering a pizza, and sometimes popping in a movie that Tony thinks Steve absolutely needs to see. Pretty soon, it turns into a weekly ritual.
It’s late one Monday evening when they’re working on something particularly complicated. JARVIS has been projecting footprints on the floor for them to follow along with, but Tony keeps getting stuck on a step which ends in him tripping himself and landing flat on his back at least twice. Steve laughs so hard the second time he has to sit on the floor himself because he’s afraid he might pass out from lack of air.
The silence that follows as they all watch Tony walk to the coffee pot and pour himself a mug is, if possible, more awkward than the conversation that his presence distracted them from. He must be able to sense it in the air because as soon as his mug is full, he turns around and clutches it to his chest protectively, like it’ll save him from what’s about to happen.
"Where’s Tony at right now?"
“His dad’s a billionaire,” Steve corrected.
He’s surprisingly graceful and delicate as he steps around Tiberius and positions himself at Tony’s side. The weight of Steve’s warm hand on his lower back replaces the weight in Tony’s chest as he feels the tension drain out of his body.
He hears Tony slide off the bed and pad across the carpet, coming up behind him. Arms snake around his waist and warm air caresses the side of his neck followed by a pair of gentle lips.
"I have an idea," Steve says into Tony’s skin.
He reached out and grabbed Steve’s wrist, tugging him towards the railing and pulling him into a kiss that made Steve’s toes curl. It was a bit unusual, Tony moving up and down just barely as he hovered, and Steve wished he could feel Tony’s warm and firm body against his, but it was good. It was better than good; it was
On screen, they’re still gossiping about the state of Tony’s love life, which means the picture of him and Pepper has only been relegated to the background behind the hosts instead of taking up the entire screen.
"Like I said, better things to be doing."
He stopped talking, then… save for a few choice words here and there, mostly consisting of Steve’s name, ‘yes’, and ‘oh god right there.’ Steve seemed to appreciate the compliments all the same.
The third and final hint comes by way of a full-grown adult male casually throwing himself over the back of the couch, shifting around until his head is in Steve’s lap and his nose is buried in Steve’s stomach.
They both led busy lives, though, so their friendship mostly began and ended at club’s doors, despite how badly Tony would like to see Steve off hours. But he enjoyed what they had, he was content with it.
Natasha rolls her eyes.
Whatever reason Tony has for not wanting to dance with Steve—since it seems apparent his issue is with Steve and not with dancing in general—is something Steve would rather not hear in front of an audience.
That’s when he notices Steve’s hands gripping the steel bars, his knuckles turning white with the force of his grip. His head is bent forward and his shoulders are moving up and down quickly, harshly. Like he’s hyperventilating. Tony wonders if Super Soldiers can still pass out from that.
“Tell me if I’m reading this wrong, Steve. Tell me what you want.”
Tony hummed, looking at Steve thoughtfully. He shook his head.
Steve is clearly trying to keep his attention focused on his breakfast but his eyes keep darting towards the back of Tony’s head as he pours himself a mug of coffee. Tony turns around and leans back against the counter, catching Steve’s glance and smiling at him. Steve says good morning bright—too brightly, even for him.
Steve sighed. He could take a hint and he knew when he wasn’t wanted. He let the attempted conversation lapse into silence while he watched Bucky and Natasha on the ramp. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Tony tapping away at his phone. Every once in awhile, though, he thought he saw Tony steal a glance in his direction. It was probably just his imagination.
Tony purses his lips.
"You weren’t complaining about it last night," Steve replies, dipping his head and pressing a kiss to Tony’s jaw. "This is a little… much, don’t you think?"
“Spoiled little rich kid with important parents,” Tony says. There’s something in his tone, though. Steve doesn’t think it’s the whole truth.
"While I would relish the vast amount of free time your untimely death would give me, I don’t want you dead quite yet."
"It was nice to meet you, Mr. Stone," Steve says, ice in his voice as he puts his arm around Tony again and they turn towards the exit.
Tony’s grin spreads across his face.
“So,” Natasha says, taking the empty chair beside Steve. She watches the woman in a slinky red dress walk away before she props her elbow on the table and looks at Steve pointedly, chin in hand.
"I hope it was the good kind of distraction at least, otherwise the fact that I’ve been holding your hand for the past couple of hours is about to get super awkward."
"Are you free?" Tony asked.
Tony’s eyebrows go up and he watches as Steve tries to compose himself.
Tony smiled at him and Steve felt his face heat just a little, surprised at his sudden boldness. And ‘smooth’ was not something Steve had ever been described as.
Steve settles on the only question his mind can formulate.
—polite thing and introduce himself but instead what comes out is: “You’re hot.”
Tony doesn’t look at him, his eyes remaining fixed on the pages upon pages in his hands as he turns enough to sit on the bed next to Steve. The warmth of Tony’s thigh against his own does little to settle his nerves.
Steve lifted a brow. “Show me what you got, old man.”
are we talking about my strangeness?”
"It looked to me like you were drinking alone at the bar."
“Just ask the question, Nat,” he says, finally.
“Thor told me he tried it once. Held up alright… until he called Mjolnir to him across the room.”
know better than to say anything about it while they’re making their way through the crowd, though, he can feel the tension thrumming through Steve’s body through the thick material of his jacket. The moment they’re out the door, Steve leads them around the building into the alleyway and before Tony can speak, Steve’s got him shoved up against the wall, his tongue already licking his way into Tony’s mouth.
“Now isn’t that one for the imagination.” Tony smirks and takes another sip. “But sorry, Cap. I’m afraid I don’t dance.”
Steve is honestly more than a little tired of people ending conversations with him by just walking away and one of these days he’s going to prove that he’s not above sitting on someone to stop them from leaving prematurely.
Tony wiggles around for a bit, tries to lift a piece of wood off of him, grunting and straining before he gives up and lets his head thump back onto the ground.
“He’s turned down at least five people asking him to dance,” Natasha says, returning her gaze to Steve, eyebrows raised.
He may have built a bit of a prickly wall around himself, but Steve thinks Tony’s a good man through and through. Steve also suspects Tony will likely never make the first steps towards a
This seems to surprise Tony a little, he glances at Steve before looking back down at the letters.
Tony’s grin is dirty and perfect and just like him. “There’s a lot I’ll suffer for a week alone with you… I just can’t wait until they find out you and I have been together for months. I’ll have to make sure JARVIS gets a good image of the looks on their faces.”
Tony closes the distance between the two of them and stretches up to place a quick kiss on Steve’s cheek. Steve’s arms automatically come up around his waist and they share a warm, but quick embrace.
Part of Steve’s routine every week or so, is to check out Tony’s music library. He has an
"Very creative," Tony added. "Also very sticky." Tony looked at his hand, pressing his fingers together and watching them stick slightly. He grinned before closing his eyes with pleasure, licking his lips. Steve really was amazing.
He’s just confused.
“I didn’t expect him to bend so quickly,” she says. She pushes away from the table and walks out of the kitchen with her book.
trying to recruit
teach him, Natasha?” Tony shoots back.
While they may not have gotten off on the best foot originally, he likes to think they’ve become friends. In fact, he kind of wishes he could spend
Tiberius’ smile was more like a sneer as he spoke. “Tony and I used to date. Enthusiastically, if I remember correctly.”
going to happen?” Tony murmurs into Steve’s skin.
Steve’s couldn’t have wiped the smile off his own face if he tried. “Yeah, I’m free.”
“Want to go check it out?” Tony asked.
"Hmm?"
“Sorry, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS says, clearly not actually sorry at all.
Steve is stuck in the middle of a stilted conversation with a woman whose name he should know but can’t quite manage the effort it takes to remember. He feels bad about it, kind of. Or at least he would if she wasn’t taking every opportunity to put her hands on him, despite him constantly shrugging off the contact and stepping away. She just steps right with him.
"You know me, I work best when distracted."
He spent the next two hours working up a sweat, swinging around the pole, and gyrating to the music. It was a build up, though, to a finale Tony had been working on for months now. A trick that required an insane amount of core control and perfect balance.
He freezes. The flood of relief that flows through him is almost dizzying when he realizes that it’s just Tony.
Tony pulls away far too soon.
He turns his head and whispers to Tony, “Have I told you lately how much I love you?” He asks, his nose brushing across the tip of Tony’s ear.
Hi Rachel, I dont want to bother you too much. Ive had a really awful day with application stress for colleges getting to me. Reading your drabbles always tend to cheer me up, so thank you. I can just sit in that page for hours. If you arent too busy can you please write, or rec some fluff with steve or tony cheering the other after a horrible frustrating day?
“The piercings?”
"Aw shucks, Cap. You know just how to compliment a man," he said.
They watch one another for a moment, Steve’s body warming at the way Tony looks at him. He clears his throat and looks away, missing the way Tony smiles.
Stony, ancient greek au
"What, tonight doesn’t count?"
"I’d love to, Steve, but Pepper’s got a few things she wants me to do while I’m in town. We should get the team together soon, though," Tony said. "It’d be nice to see everyone when we aren’t being hunted down by aliens or genocidal robots. I don’t know if I can remember what everyone looks like without blood and dirt on their faces."
“Music, J,” Tony says, unaware of Steve’s weird little train of thought.
He’s debating the most polite way to extricate himself from the situation, glancing around the room for a spark of an idea, when he spots Tony. Suddenly the need for politeness evaporates and Steve simply says, “Excuse me,” and walks away.
"Naked breakfast," Tony states, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. "Now are you going to strip and help out or are you just going to stand there and stare?"
Tony rolls his eyes before asking, “Would you like to go on a date? With me.”
do, but he wants to try.
"Tony?" Steve asked.
"Mr. Stark is currently in the workshop, Captain. Shall I send you there?" She asked.
The heart monitor signals the effect the sound has on him and Steve rolls his head towards the voice and cracks his eyes open. Tony’s smiling at him fondly in the not-quite-darkness of a hospital room.
Even back then he ran the place. He brought in too much money for the higher-ups to do anything that might tick him off and send him to a competing club. Steve took major advantage of this, finding ways to make the working environment better for him and his peers by threatening to walk if management didn’t acquiesce.
"Uh, Tony…"
Steve smirked at him.
"Then you came here to…" Steve said, taking another step towards him.
Bucky grinned. “Who said it was a bad thing? It’s why I love her.”
Steve always catches Tony’s awkward silences and starts speaking before Tony can ask.
He sits down in the open chair and sips carefully at his coffee, eyes not leaving the sculpture. He doesn’t realize his mind has wandered until someone speaks.
But then Clint asks the question, “Why doesn’t he just have JARVIS do it? I mean, you guys don’t really need to have a date night just to update an iPod.”
“No, no, no. I think you’re absolutely right. You definitely fit that role better than me,” Steve says, dragging a knuckle along Tony’s sideburn. Goosebumps travel up his own arm at the feel of Tony’s hair against his skin.
"Well, I’m sorry," he says. "But not all of us can be the illegitimate son of a God."
Steve pulls back enough to whisper against his lips, voice low. “I’m sorry. I just couldn’t stand the way that woman was hanging on to you.”
"No scar. Tony’s got a pretty big scar on his, well," his eyes flicker to the screen and back, "that he got a few years ago. So either that’s not Tony, or it’s an… old…" He trails off, realizing what he just admitted to.
Steve spends the day internally freaking out back at his apartment, and when there’s a knock at his door around nine that night, he knows precisely who it is. What he doesn’t know is how to act around the man he just realized he was in love with. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do when he opens that door and is faced with Tony’s smile and Tony’s wide, brown eyes.
Tony opens his mouth to speak again but Pepper beats him to it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wouldn’t it be like the car thing? Would the person in the elevator have to be worthy?” Tony asked.
time with Tony than he currently does. So, all in all, this is kind of a win on multiple fronts for Steve.
The look that Tony gives him when they wake up a mess of entwined limbs and unstoppable smiles tells him that Tony feels the same way.
“What?” he asks, suspiciously.
"We’re going to need a shower after this, I think," Tony said. "And I’m going to have to leave a massive tip for housekeeping."
Steve rolls his eyes, his face and neck shimmering with glitter.
"—a date," ANNA finished for him.
So when he walked into the kitchen one morning after a full night’s sleep and spotted Steve standing half naked in front of the stove scrambling his typical half-dozen eggs, he could feel the warmth of blood rushing to his cheeks.
