“It just, did not go well,” Steve said vaguely, returning his attention to Dodger who had long finished his lunch and was prowling around the kitchen sniffing at their feet as if he could somehow startle them into dropping pepperoni onto the floor.
The Avengers who had been on the run had signed, and predictably, Steve had been the last to do so. Apparently, it had been Barnes who’d convinced him to finally do it. They’d returned five months ago and Tony still hadn’t seen Steve outside of a professional context since Siberia happened. A fact that he had been more than happy with until fucking now because Steve was fucking here, at the gala.
“You wouldn’t happen to have a bobby pin on you, Cap, would you?” Stark asks, still completely nonchalant except for the occasional wince that suggested there was quite a bit more behind the unbothered facade.
Another screen appeared behind Fury, this one playing a short video clip that SHIELD had received shortly after the team had been deployed. The quality was very low, and Tony knew that couldn’t be because of the tech or the reception. The camera shook violently, the video cutting off frequently. Whoever was filming seemed to be moving, and fast. They had captured what would have normally looked like a picturesque wooded area, a blanket of velvety, untouched snow covering every inch of the ground and large coniferous trees. Sharp, flickering horizontal lines cut through them as the video glitched and groaned.
“Does your father know about this, Peter?” The aforementioned doctor asks, and Tony is doubting that he was aware of this is happening if he was even half of a rational parent.
Tony was at the stove, Natasha had her feet up on the breakfast table, frantically shoving forkfuls of hot waffle into her mouth as if she was afraid of someone coming to take them away from her. Clint and Sam goaded Bucky on as he neared the bottom of the coffee pot, banging their fists on their table as they chanted “chug, chug, chug,” eerily in sync with each other. Bruce had three different tablets spread out in front of him with a tiny carton of yogurt sitting idly and abandoned off to the side. Thor was at the toaster, halfway through the pile of Pop-Tarts on his plate as he waited for more to pop out.
Thor jolts upright, Mjolnir at the ready. His eyes dart to every corner of his darkened room, prepared for a fight at any instant.
“As far as I know, which isn’t much, this cabin is very real for the both of us,” Steve quipped, before frowning at the sudden flurry of crackling in his ear. Tony similarly brought a hand up to the comm link in his ear, moving into the larger room of the cabin with Steve on his heels.
Later, when Peter’s resettled at his spot at the kitchen island with his pile of letters, Bucky hangs around near Steve, helping him put away the groceries.
Tony rolled his eyes, grabbing his coffee and slipping out of the kitchen, all the while muttering under his breath about hauling their asses up to the Quinjet before he left them all behind.
Bruce watches him go with faintly concealed amusement, and then sighs to himself as he casts one last look at the skies. He starts to disassemble all of their equipment another ten minutes later when the skies remain clear and unblinkin, carefully packing it all up in the cases that Tony had brought them in.
“Well, I’m not exactly thrilled to fly into a ghost town where everything’s gone to hell, but who is?”
Whatever had ensnared them here was beyond any of their understanding. Tony wasn’t sure if he’d go as far as saying that there was magic behind it, but he knew for certain that there was something beyond just the extraterrestrial at work here.
Tony shrugged, looking away. “No sign of it. I was thinking it might’ve been buried where the jet is, but the Quinjet and the suit’s scans suggest that it’s not. Bruce thinks someone used it here and then left.”
“That omelette is done, alright!” Clint snickered into his bacon. “Stark, you fried the shit out of that egg.”
He blinked his eyes open on day 156, dully watching the window that wouldn’t open and the wall of stacked logs that wouldn’t give. He heard the sounds of Steve rattling about in the kitchen, a muffled curse as something vaguely metallic sounding clattered to the floor.
A holo-screen popped up in front of Tony, screen gradually brightening into a familiar blue as several other smaller screens came to life around him. He ran his fingers over his keypad in a gesture that looked like he was tracing a crescent moon, mind running faster than his tech and his body in a way that didn’t seem plausible but most definitely was.
Thor shifted next to him and Steve could feel the slight tingle of energy that seemed to constantly hover over Thor’s skin. It felt like the uncomfortable pull of static electricity making your hair stand up on end after pulling off a sweater on a dry winter’s day. Most of them had gotten used to the feeling after years of living with Thor, but Steve found himself noticing it more prominently after Thor had returned from being off-world for some time.
“We’re trying to locate him using the satellite locating systems installed at the Mansion,” Widow informs him. Steve can hear her fingers tapping away at what is presumably a keyboard in the background of the call. “Hold on, I think we’ve got something.”
This time, he had been invited to go on behalf of SI, hence Pepper’s presence and his tag-along self because of his lovely last name that carried the money and the insurmountable legacy like a truckload of shit behind it.
“Clint, I’m not arguing with you anymore. Your room is ten steps away, and we’re about to find out who didn’t do what very soon,” Natasha cuts into his thoughts, her voice steelier than steel, and Clint shuts his mouth because that was the voice she used when the knives were about to make an appearance.
Tony takes a deep breath, dropping his head to his hands and squeezing his eyes shut. He can’t be thinking about a widower, a single father, who’s probably been bombarded with mail and calls from rabid women in the past few weeks. He’s losing his mind. He closes his eyes and hears Steve’s voice again like he’s sitting right next to him.
“What the fuck, JARVIS? Why isn’t the door opening?” Tony asked, his voice taking on a hint of desperation as the repulsors charged, again and again, blasting the door relentlessly and without any result whatsoever. Not even a splintering. Steve charged forward with his shield, bringing it down onto the knob and then standing back and flinging it with every ounce of his strength at the door.
Usually, Tony wouldn’t give a shit about being late to a meeting. When the only people whose time he would be wasting were ageing, white men with gaping bank accounts who all somehow had the misfortune of contracting male pattern baldness at the ripe ages of thirty-five and had a side of Viagra with every meal, Tony couldn’t bring himself to give a shit. Also, he was definitely not the only person who would be pulling up fifteen minutes late with Starbucks in hand.
Steve nodded decisively, still fumbling with all the information that was being filed in the “after the ice: aliens and other fucking weird shit” part of his brain that was rapidly running out of the room. “We don’t know what we’re dealing with.  Thousands have disappeared and the evidence we have suggests that some sort of foul play was involved in the disappearances of both SHIELD crews. As far as we know, this is a threat.”
“You said that we should be friends,” Tony says, bringing his hand up to the side of Steve’s face, stroking his bottom lip with his thumb. “Then 15 years later you asked me to be your husband.”
“Good,” Steve told him, eyes impressed as he grinned at him. Tony felt a prideful smile tugging at his lips, listening to the whoops and cheers going up around them as everyone else closed in around them.
Thor’s eye twitches as he lunges forward and rips the thing right out of the wall with an almighty cry. He drops it onto the floor and bears down on it with Mjolnir until it has been satisfyingly smashed into smithereens.
“JARVIS, autopilot,” Tony mutters, watching the HUD of the suit flashing once before the suit remains airborne without him controlling it. “I’m too fucked up for this right now.”
“Where are you going again?” Ty asked, his expression condescending and just a little smug, as if he knew he’s gonna get what he wants with Tony’s silence and his parents’ not very subtle appraisal of their son with a guy like Ty as they’d fox-trotted past them minutes ago.
“Sam? What’s your location?” Steve barked into the comm, striding up to the front door. “Stay where you are! We’re on our way.” He reached out to pull open the door, hand tugging on the knob.
He swallows back a yawn, thinking to himself that he’ll catch the meteor shower on a pre-recorded livestream somewhere come morning. Bruce closes the last metal case, the latch falling shut with a firm click. He stands up, rubbing his cold hands together and absently walks towards the door.
At his first customary glance of the room, it seemed to have been untouched for years. However, Steve knew better than to be fooled by that when an intergalactic threat was involved, so he kept his guard up as he slowly led them both deeper inside the cabin.
“He thinks you’re having a hard time-- adjusting.” Bucky managed, his metal arm clenching into a fist and unclenching again next to his plate. “Thing I don’t get is the literal brainwashed ex-Hydra assassin gets the greenlight but fuckin’ Captain America doesn’t?”
Tony turns to face them all, the faceplate receding into the helmet. “So, now that we’re all up again, wanna watch a movie?”
“Why yes, Tony, they are new, thanks for noticing,” Pepper replies smoothly, her voice oozing with an exaggerated pleasantness that makes Tony want to run and hide. “No thanks to you, I’m not going to get to go home until all these are signed, which probably won’t happen for the next few hours,” she says, a muscle in her jaw jumping as she glares at him.
“Tony? I made breakfast,” Steve said, the bed dipping behind Tony as Steve climbed onto it. He could smell the coffee and Tony knew that Steve would’ve made it exactly how he liked it in the morning - black with two spoonfuls of sugar  - and the thought made his eyes burn under his eyelids.
The remainder of breakfast went without further event. Thor finished his last Pop-Tart and debated aloud whether he should bring another box with him for the ride over, a decision which Bruce firmly vetoed. Natasha left the table after finishing her own breakfast, not bothering to bring her plate over to the dishwasher. Sam and Bucky began to bicker as they cleaned up after themselves. After sharing a tired look with Clint, Steve got up himself, deciding to head up to the Quinjet himself.
“Lights,” he calls out, and the room brightens up instantaneously. Thor crouches down, squinting at the now very broken object.
He spots the Black Widow over at the far end of the room, her hands flying over the keyboard in front of her as she gives curt instructions out of the corner of her mouth to a younger agent at her shoulder. He makes his way over, making sure his cowl is secure over his face as his presence starts drawing more attention than he would have liked.
“Okay, that’s fair. But you’re in over your head, Steve,” Bucky pointed out, smiling at Sam in thanks and moving the remaining boxes with the pizza still remaining inside of them into the fridge. “You gotta admit, this ain’t exactly healthy. You need to move on.”
“So, heard you’re famous now. You’re all the rage now, bud. Everyone’s been going on about ‘Sleepless in Seattle,’” Bucky says, his eyes studying Steve carefully.
Although, Tony was starting to think Obadiah may have been in on it for far longer than he had suspected. Through the encrypted files himself and Pepper had investigated, Tony was starting to think Obadiah might have been the one to have him abducted the first time during his demo in Afghanistan.
“I think I can help him if I can talk to him directly, Peter. I’m sure he wouldn’t be angry at you if he knew how concerned you were,” Dr. Fieldstone suggests, clearly attempting to prolonging the episode so they can milk the most out of this for the show.
Unfortunately, Basic Brittany’s poor coffee establishment navigation skills meant that Tony was going to be late to the urgent Avengers meeting that was about to begin in ten minutes.
“Shit, yeah! I’d forgotten about that,” Tony exclaimed, pushing his stool back and hopping off so he could go over and take a closer look at the pile of DVD cases scattered all over the rug in front of the fireplace. “You told me that if I didn’t get my ass to bed you wouldn’t hesitate to leave me on Earth when we end up leaving.”
When he reemerged twelve hours later, lifting his self-imposed sentence of the hermit life, Tony let himself feel that joy that thundered through his veins for just a moment longer.
“SHIELD’s not a big fan of Cap,” Sam nodded in agreement, also having abandoned his pizza in favour of alternatively shooting concerned glances at Bucky and Steve. “The whole man-hunt situation two years apart is kind of telling on its own, in my opinion.”
They were shuffled into the waiting QuinJet which already had other people that Tony didn’t recognize huddled inside. Only after he was gently pushed onto a bench next to Steve with a blanket thrown over his shoulders did he realize that they were the SHIELD agents that had gone missing before. Steve seemed to arrive at the same conclusion judging by the way his gaze kept returning to the small group as his leg bounced in a familiar nervous tic.
He made it outside, but his heart started beating doubly faster. Tony trotted down the front steps and impatiently craned his neck to see if the car was on its way. He peered at his phone again, tapping frustratedly at the holographic screen and waving away the concerned valet who popped up to help, immediately feeling guilty when the valet quickly apologized and faded back into the background.
Steve’s mind unhelpfully provided him with the image of a rotting slab of meat that had been sitting out on the communal kitchen counter with various species of flying insects swarming it, which Thor had claimed to be his famous roast that he had been preparing for their team dinner.
“Exactly what I said! I can’t get him to go and now it’s too late, because he’s at work and he won’t get back until tonight. Then we’ll never go,” he whines, upset at the thought that he might never have another parent and his dad would be sad and lonely forever because they aren’t going to New York.
“It’s not showing up on the sensors either,” another voice said, this one a little more garbled than the previous. Suddenly, the camera began to shake, just as violently as in the other clip and in the exact same pattern of jerky movements. There was another chilling scream, eerily similar to the one that had pierced the silence of the conference room mere moments ago, and then— nothing. That same abrupt cut to black.
“I’m gonna be an artist when I grow up. My Ma says I can do whatever I wanna do,” Steve says, looking down at his drawing proudly.
“Glad you agree, man. It was incredibly satisfying to take that fucker down,” Sam chuckled, moving his pizza slice to gently touch Bucky’s in an approximation of some kind of pizza toast.
“This better be one of your stupid jokes that no one understands, because I placed them on your desk this morning with a note saying Fury wanted them in by tonight,” Natasha is saying, her voice steadily growing more and more steely, although it hadn’t increased in volume.
He brushes his hands down Tony’s sides, warm to the touch from being pressed up against Steve. Tony winds his arms around his neck, pulling himself closer as the abandoned blanket draped over them slips onto the ground.
Tony waves his hand dismissively, quickly averting his gaze. “Oh, you know. Word got around,” he mutters, hoping she’d move on from him.
Tony turned away from Ty, craning his neck to see past the balding heads and stiff updos. There was a hushed gasp that went over the room, the steady beat of the music making Tony’s foot tap-tap without him really being conscious of the movement. That was when Tony saw them.
“What,” he asks, suddenly self-conscious. He reaches up to rub at his face, wondering if he’d gotten some soot on him during the explosion.
After that failure of a night at the charity gala two months ago, it had taken a few weeks for Tony to approach Steve, who had taken to giving him the space he had requested while dripping sadness wherever he went. They’d had a chat, Tony had officially forgiven him, Steve had forgiven Tony, and they had also talked about what that meant for their relationship, coming to the conclusion that it was probably for the best if things remained as they were. Tony wouldn’t say they were friends now, but that conversation had given him a lot of the closure that he’d been craving, and he hoped it had given that to Steve as well. The ache grew less prominent with every passing day, and Tony fell a little more out of love with it.
“Fuckin’ heathens,” he muttered under his breath, mutinously glaring at Natasha who merely looked up at him with wide, fake guileless eyes and shoved the rest of her donut into her awaiting mouth.
“Get your ass back here, Captain,” Fury snarls through the line. Steve thinks it’s a little too late for that.
“I can help with those,” Tony suggested, reaching forward to lift one of the watermelons trying desperately to abide by the rules of gravity into his own arms. He watched with his lips quirked up as Bucky contemplated him with the watermelon cradled in his arms, jutting his chin out in the direction of the house and turning back around.
Tony looks unsure, but apparently the thought of Steve waiting for him downstairs was too enticing as he thanks Bruce profusely, assuring him that he can do whatever he wanted with the Tony Telescopes as he’d dubbed them,  and makes haste for the door leading to the elevator.
“Over a year,” Steve said, his voice barely louder than a whisper. The silence that followed was almost too much for Tony to handle.
“I think if you went and looked at your own desk you would find the reports, because you never gave them to me.”
Iron Man laughs, and Steve can’t help but feel at awe of the quality of the suit’s technology that makes it so his laugh sounds so real. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time Steve had been curious about one of the aspects of Iron Man’s infamous armour, and probably not the last time either.
He swings his legs back and forth, idly watching his new shoes light up with the movement. Peter heaves a deep sigh, trying subtly to let his dad know just how much the boredom has caused him to start wasting away slowly, and hey, maybe some ice cream would do the trick of reviving him once more. He swings both legs faster and faster when the sighs don’t work, and the bed frame starts to squeak ominously.
“We brought you some pizza,” Bucky said, placing four boxes onto the kitchen counter. “Figured you hadn’t eaten in God knows how long.”
Pepper had left his side a little while ago, citing a few potential donors for SI’s own September Foundation as the reason for her departure, but Tony knew that she’d had a thing with one of them for a couple of weeks now and he didn’t want to ruin that for her by being his usual clingy self for tonight. And so he had been at the bar by himself, still nursing his first glass of champagne that he’d picked off a passing waiter earlier after stopping to say hello to the usual balding ladies and gents, steadfastly refusing any topic of conversation that included the casual mentions of how much everyone had donated to the cause, because he hated the fuckers who showed up just to boast. He had been peacefully people-watching until a certain familiar blond hunk of patriotic beef had wandered into his field of vision.
They’d played a couple of rounds of chess before they quickly realized that Steve would (very happily) lose every single one to Tony. Monopoly had come next, but it turned out that Tony hated losing and upset the board when he lost the first game. It was difficult to play with just the two of them, and it made the absence of their usual players more glaring. Steve had instituted the rule that they would auction off properties at random in order to have the game progress much faster after they’d spent hours on the second round.
“I swear he was just here with MJ, but when I came out to get them for dinner, he just wasn’t there. MJ tells me he’s gone to the airport. I’m so sorry, Steve, I should’ve been--”
And yet, there was so much that they didn’t know. What kind of intergalactic threat were they dealing with? Had this source been brought to Earth from another planet or had it only been recently activated somehow after years of being hidden somewhere on Earth? Why did the anomalies seem to be concentrated in one particular location, rather than the generic world-ruling goals of the other intergalactic visitors that they had faced in the past?
Steve was finishing up with assigning their roles, going over their entry and exit points, and contingency plans, of which they had multiple, because things would most likely go to shit at one point or another.
Fury sighed in that deep, long-suffering way of his that pissed Tony off, because if anyone should be sighing long-sufferingly it should be them for still dealing with SHIELD’s same bullshit.
“Aye, aye, Cap,” Tony saluted him with a wide grin, which Steve couldn’t help but reciprocate. “When we check out that cabin, I’ll see if I can pick up some samples for Brucie and me to science.”
“Gimme,” Pepper says, making grabby hands at the paper Starbucks bag with another sandwich inside of it. Tony hands it to her, watching as she pries open the wrapping and digs in.
They were in some sort of winter wonderland, like what Narnia must have looked like when Lucy Pevensie stepped out of the wardrobe, or what Steve imagined Dean Martin was singing about in the popular Christmas song. The ground was a blanket of white snow, untouched and so velvety soft that Steve was nearly overcome with the urge to stomp his foot in it. Thor had long succumbed to the urge evidently, as he pranced around giddily in the snow, exclaiming about how cold yet light it was, and was asking Tony why the snow in New York was always brown and dirty.
Tony jolts awake, his hands scrambling for his sheets. He swallows hard as his eyes slowly adjust to the darkness, trying to shake away the remnants of the dream. It was Obadiah again. He’d paralyzed Tony, ripped the arc reactor right out of his chest and walked away. It wasn’t real, he tells himself again, jerkily leaning over to manually turn on his lamp.
“Oh, sweetheart,” Steve says when he sees the state Tony’s in. Then he sees the drawing that Tony’s got clutched tightly in his hand. “Oh my god, is that--?
Steve grimaced as bits of potato went careening out of Tony’s mouth as he spoke. “Let’s hear it then.”
It doesn't seem to be a malicious creature. At least, from where Thor is. Yet, there is something very suspicious about it, and he is incredibly frustrated with himself that he cannot seem to pinpoint what exactly that is.
“Don’t do that to me again,” he whispered desperately, clutching at Tony’s shoulders like he was an apparition only seconds away from disappearing. Which, come to think of it, was probably what Steve thought when he’d first laid eyes on Tony in the kitchen on day 174.
Steve can’t manage a verbal response, but he does respond with a weak nod, hoping it relays his tired enthusiasm. Tony buries his face back into the curve of his neck and for a short second Steve thinks he may have fallen asleep, before he’s pulling away again squeezing Steve’s bicep as he pushes himself off the couch.
Once they were about fifty feet from the ground, Steve almost wanted to jump out of Iron Man’s hold. He knew that he would make the fall.
He carefully places the frame on the ground next to the box and digs deeper. Out comes the heart-shaped sunglasses that Tony had accidentally brought back home from kindergarten after goofing around playing dress-up with Steve on their second day of school.
The sight that awaits them is not one that Steve was expecting in the slightest. At the centre of the empty room, Tony Stark sits on a wooden chair, handcuff dangling off one wrist as he looks up at them in surprise. Five men of very large stature are writhing on the ground before him, their limbs tied up in very innovative positions.
Tony faux groaned quietly, tossing his head back in a flail that would make bat-pirate hybrid Fury proud of his dramatics. “Oh no, the horror.”
Steve sighs, feeling his face heat up with a flush. “Is that why you’re here? To tell me how stupid that was? Because trust me, I know how stupid that was.”
Thor also eventually made his way back with his Pop-Tarts that he was inhaling as fast as the toaster was popping them out. Bruce stacked his tablets on top of each other and turned to the sad cup of yogurt, smiling sheepishly at Steve when he placed a full plate of food in front of him.
“Also the lightening and the thunder. I think Thor just out-entranced you, Iron Man,” Hawkeye retorts through the comms.
“I’ll get him back,” he promises, stalking back towards the elevator without waiting for Widow’s response.
“Make that three,” he mutters, his words muffled in a yawn, his hands making grabby motions at Natasha as she stands up.
“What do you mean, he was taken?” Steve barks into the phone as the Helicarrier touches down at the landing pad of Stark Mansion. “Where’s Iron Man?”
The boy’s face scrunches up at the question and turns to the big white clock on the wall. The big hand’s at the 8 now, but Tony doesn’t remember what that means or how long they have until he can go home again with Jarvis.
“Copy that, Widow,” Steve says, directing his attention to the various superheroes gathered in an ill-arranged circle with their backs around the glowing portal. “Iron Man, take to the skies, I want you on the ones that can fly. Hawkeye, scale that building to the South. Take out as many as you can, keep them inside of the evacuated zone.” The two nod and Iron Man lifts off into the air with the twin sound of his repulsors whining, taking Hawkeye with him.
Tony couldn’t say he didn’t enjoy Steve’s breakfasts, especially when he got to eat them in bed while Steve eventually started sitting next to him, his back against the headboard and his nose buried in a book. They still didn’t talk much, but the awkwardness that had lingered even after their talk a few months earlier had seemed to dissipate, a development that relieved Tony immensely.
Tony sighed and wished that he hadn’t put his champagne back before trying to make his escape. Alcohol would be the only thing that would make this conversation even slightly bearable. He turned around anyway, knocking his shades down from where they had been perched atop his head and silently berating his stupid car which he was definitely taking apart and donating to a city college if he ever made it out of this with his sanity and patience intact.
“You know what the source is,” Steve said, because he knew that Tony would probably have a thousand ideas already about what they were dealing with if he hadn’t figured it out already. Judging by the way Tony glanced up at him with naked surprise, Steve had guessed correctly.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony shook his head decidedly, turning away from him with a sense of finality in the movement. “I can’t do this right now.”
Iron Man was probably the one good thing that had come out of his life, and he had no intention of letting the world know that he was really the man behind the mask. It would most definitely taint the wholesome, heroic image of Iron Man that the public had come up with, and Tony found that being anonymous could actually be enjoyable sometimes. Other than having to install better internal climate control into the suit, because it could really get hot in there, Tony didn’t have much of a problem not being known as Iron Man and remaining tied to the Avengers publicly by being their benefactor.
“Excuse me, sir,” he says, making his voice sound plaintive. “I’m supposed to be on the plane to New York City right now, but I can’t find my dad.” He pushes his bottom lip out in a magnificent pout and relishes in the moment the guard takes pity on him and offers Peter his hand.
One guy hiked up the girl in his arms, his hand shifting well below the waistline and making Tony shift uncomfortably, as he tried to figure out whether he wanted to high tail it out of there or jump into the fray. Another girl looked over her partner’s shoulder, her eyes heavily lidded and head full of curls thrown back as she winked at Tony. He flushed, wildly casting his eyes about the room as he tried to find a safe space to rest his gaze.
He looks back up at Steve, waiting for his call. It feels eerily like they’re out with the Avengers, battling the next threat and Tony waiting for Cap to call it. Always waiting.
Steve ignores him, turning off his comm. He waits for Widow’s cue; an explosive arrow nearly nicking his ear as it flies past him and into the graffitied overhead door. Steve raises his shield against the plume of fire as it expands out towards him in the explosion. When it clears, he raises an arm, motioning the others forward. The Avengers storm inside, metaphorical guns ablaze.
Steve steps back from him, dropping one last kiss to Tony’s lips and reaching behind him to grab the cooling cup of coffee. Tony whines and reaches for him again, but Steve thrusts the coffee at his chest with an amused smirk.
Tony recognizes it immediately. The patchy blue sky, scribbled green grass, vaguely rectangular boxes meant to resemble the many highrises of New York City, and of course, the distinct green blob that is the Statue of Liberty in the background that Tony had recognized even as a 4-year-old.
“Goddamnit, Peter,” he swears, unfastening his seatbelt and rising out of his chair. He shuts off the phone and tosses it down onto his seat.
“How would the infinity stone being there explain the disappearances?” Steve wondered, idly noticing the way Tony’s gaze flitted to him once again when he spoke, before he hurriedly schooled his expression into one that was more closed off.
“Like, he has it, as in he hasn’t taken it apart for parts slash chucked it into a dumpster yet?” Sam asked, as if he was bewildered at even the idea that Tony might have kept the phone that admittedly even Steve had thought was a bit ridiculous after he had mailed it along with his letter.
“No one person has the same reality, Cap. I’m experiencing this differently than you are even though we’re looking at the same stuff.” Tony said, his voice oddly contemplative. Steve looked over his shoulder, catching Tony’s eyes just to have him tear his gaze away toward the slightly protruding logs that made up the walls of the cabin.
“You been moping up here all day then?” Bucky asked with a nod in Steve’s direction, his cheeks bulging with food. Ah, there it was. The topic of conversation that Steve had thought he’d managed to evade when his saviour, the pizza delivery guy, had arrived at the door bearing his distraction. Unfortunately, his two closest friends were also probably in love with each other, meaning that Steve would never not get the third degree about anything ever again.
“Give me a couple minutes to get these set up on the shelf and we’ll go out for burgers?” Peter’s dad says, interrupting his train of thought. At the sound of the word “burgers” Peter perks up immediately, all else forgotten temporarily. He nods enthusiastically until his dad chuckles and places a large hand on top of his head to stop his head from moving so much. Peter nudges his head into his dad’s hand like a sleepy cat, even letting out a quiet meow to complete the act.
Tony touched them down a couple hundred feet away from the cabin itself, which was a lot smaller than Steve had thought it would be in person. Steve righted himself once his feet were on the ground, or rather, in the ground, as his boots sunk fairly deep into the layer of powdery snow covering the forest floor. He took a deep breath, shivering as the brisk air filled his lungs almost painfully. His teeth clattered as he looked around, completely unrelated to the cold.
“When did you guys get back?” Steve asked through a mouthful that was bordering on too much but also was not quite enough to satisfy the neediness of his body.
He listens to a popular station that’s playing the Top 40, but after hearing (and unfortunately recognizing) the opening bars to Wannabe, Tony decides he cannot subject himself to anymore Spice Girls until the sun has come up and he’s had at least three steaming cups of coffee.
Steve stuck close to the trees at the edge of the clearing, peering into the dark forest to see if there could be any signs of activity inside. He honestly didn’t know what he was hoping to find. A secret alien base set up in the forest so they could watch their cabin trap lure unsuspecting town residents and SHIELD agents into? That wouldn’t even make Steve’s list of top ten weirdest things he’d ever come across on a mission.
Steve looked up at that. “You’re shitting me.” He received two very emphatic head shakes with both Bucky and Sam wearing the same expression of immense smugness. “How’d he take that?”
On day 37, Steve had found Interstellar in the stack of DVDs that had been pushed into the TV shelf.
“Sounds like you had quite the day,” he said, humming to himself while turning to give Dum-E a quick once-over, wincing at the creaks that Dum-E’s joints made with every errant spin. “Looks like we’re gonna have to grease you up a little today. You like the sound of that?” He laughed as Dum-E chirped excitedly and wheeled around himself in a misshapen circle.
Seeing Steve right here right now, right in front of him, and there still being the largest emotional chasm in the world between them, hurt like nothing else. Tony missed him like hell. Their falling out had been months in the making, but neither of them had gotten any closure. Steve had up and left him there in that bunker in Siberia after nearly taking him out. Steve had lied to him for months and months. And all Tony had gotten was a half-assed non-apology for all his trouble.
“Where’s the jet?” It was someone off-camera. The voice was hard to make out through the reverberating hum of the flying Quinjet, but they sounded positively perplexed. Tony realized that this was the retrieval crew, probably doing an initial surveillance flight. They were looking for the original team’s Quinjet, which, unless they had activated the reflective panels that would enable its camouflage into the surrounding forest, should’ve been visible.
Bucky shook his head. “Nah, we all grew up together, and Nat’s fuckin’ scary,” he said, his grin growing wider as Steve Rogers and the redhead—Nat, emerged from the crowd, their faces gleaming with sweat.
“Sorry, Stevie. I can make you more?” Bucky offered, but Steve declined with his lips quirked. He cut into his pancakes, taking in the utter chaos of the scene around him. Tony had given up on the omelettes and was heading back to the table with the original omelette that was black where it was definitely not supposed to be black. Steve almost wanted to get up and make another omelette for him. It looked that bad.
He doesn’t think he’s been at his new school for very long, because the big hand on the clock has only moved to 6, but it was at 12 when he’d last looked at his Mom’s watch when he was holding her hand as they’d walked into school together. Tony tries to remember what Jarvis had taught him about time last week, but he forgot.
He looked up at Steve, mouth twisted in an apology he couldn’t quite convey with his words. Tony saw the rising hope behind Steve’s unbelieving stare.
“Six of SHIELD’s best. Xixi, Rachel, Kielan, Mariam, Dulquer, Evan.” Fury listed, his voice betraying nothing about what could have happened to them. “Their last contact with SHIELD was over a week ago. A retrieval crew was sent out to the same coordinates two days ago, and we’ve also lost contact with them just five hours prior to this meeting.”
“Ha! Cap wants to “cap” this, get it guys? Hilarious.” Hawkeye says as he approaches them in a car that must have been abandoned during the evacuations put into effect earlier that night.
They had sat around the dining table the night before, with dozens of burgers, so many varieties of fried potatoes, and milkshakes, poring over the videos from the meeting and the recordings from Dulquer and Rachel. They’d made note of every detail, every odd sound in the background that might’ve gone unnoticed by the original agents as they had made their way through a deserted town. Nat had pointed out that when Dulquer began to hear the bells, the constant howling of the wind that had accompanied the agents’ stream of observations had suddenly been replaced with silence. After that, they weren’t able to hear any noises other than the sounds of the agents’ voices.
Thor perked up, his brows furrowed in an inquisitive frown that looked foreign on his face. “You think it’s another stone?”
“Oh, so you’ve finally managed to pare your lectures down from the usual three and a half hours? Wow, Rogers, I must say I am impressed.” Tony sniffed condescendingly, eyeing Steve through his tinted shades. Miraculously, Steve’s face did not contort into that all too familiar scowl and instead went from his trademark soft-and-earnest-with-a-hint-of-exasperation look that he’d somehow always sported around Tony, to a sheepish grin.
When Tony turned onto his side after a few minutes of them both lying on their backs and staring up at the ceiling, each with a thousand thoughts and assumptions racing through his mind, Steve looked at him with something akin to awe shining through his eyes.
“What the fuck,” he said, meeting Steve’s eyes as whoever was at the front door pushed their way inside.
“Cover the radius and then make our way in?” Steve spoke into the comm, turning around to face Tony who still had his faceplate up.
“I just feel horrible all the time, Martha. I often wonder if I’m enough, if I’ll ever be enough for him,” a tearful voice replies, and Tony fights the urge to roll his eyes.
He didn’t look like the perfectly moulded specimen of a man that adorned the blue uniform and was adored by millions around the world. He definitely didn’t look like the guy in Tony’s poster that he’d stuck to the wall across from his bed so Captain America’s cheesy smile would be the last thing he’d see before he closed his eyes.
They inched their way across the room until they reached the door at the far end, next to the fireplace. Steve pushed it open with his boot, letting his eyes adjust to the dim lighting and using the faint light from Tony’s repulsors as his guide. There was a large, queen bed at the centre of the room, pushed up against the far wall. A similar Oriental rug to the one that had been in the other room, however, this one seemed to be a darker red colour, had been placed underneath the bed.
“No, well, I don’t know. You know how my dad’s kinda famous now, because of the radio lady?” At MJ’s nod of confirmation, Peter explains further. “Well, we’ve been getting a lot of letters from people who want to marry my dad, right? But there’s this one that I read, and I’ve read all of them. This one though, the guy, Tony, talked about the Dodgers, which me and Dad also love. He wants to meet us at the Empire State building at sunset, MJ,” Peter says, his voice lifting at the end of his sentence.
Steve ate in the kitchen by himself and went to sleep on the couch. Tony sometimes heard his choked sobs, the silence not heavy enough to muffle his grief.
That realization had placed yet another significantly large roadblock in front of their attempts at getting out of what Tony had figured was an elaborate time prison. It also brought into existence several questions that neither of them could even begin to answer. For one, where were the other SHIELD agents being kept if the two of them had been trapped in this cabin? There hadn’t been any other source of shelter within a fifty-mile radius of the cabin, and that was assuming that any other shelter wouldn’t have been magically shielded from any of their radars.
It made sense for Tony to have his own Identicard. Being known as the Avengers’ benefactor couldn’t bode particularly well for an infamous genius billionaire, and though Iron Man was Stark’s bodyguard, it was probably a good idea that Stark had his own Card. It certainly was going to help him in this particular situation.
Steve didn’t seem to mind, or if he did he didn’t show it. His grin grew wider and he popped open the DVD case, releasing the DVD from its plastic confines and scooching forward on the rug to slip it into the DVD player.
Tony found himself not able to finish his fries later that night, as they all sat around the kitchen table with various packaging that had once contained every time from the Burger King menu strewn across its surface. Steve had dragged in a giant whiteboard at some point, where he’d scribbled out a pretty effective plan of action based on the data that they’d received after their meeting with Fury earlier.
“I can’t remember what they look like,” Steve admitted to him in a hushed whisper. “I mean, I do. But it’s like—”
“Okay, I feel like that was a lot of information and I’m having trouble processing—” Sam shook his head as if clearing it of the rapid influx of stuff and shot an incredulous look at Steve, who was having a hard time understanding himself.
“He doesn’t want to talk to me, though. Said he’s not ready, which I need to respect,” Steve argued, watching Sam rinse his plate, tuck it into the dishwasher and then turn around to do the same for Bucky’s dirty plate. They had that sort of easiness that Steve found himself envious of and then was annoyed with himself for being envious of them, even though he was also immensely happy that Bucky was finally settling into his life here with people who cared about him as much as Steve did.
That was ages ago. Peter remembers staying with his Uncle for a long time, and he hadn’t seen his mom after all that time in the hospital, because his dad had told him she wasn’t going to be coming back with them. When Peter had asked if it was because he hadn’t eaten his peas for dinner the night before, his dad had started to cry. That was most definitely the worst thing Peter has ever seen, and it had made him cry as well.
All of the Avengers had been called in by the looks of it. The Wasp has grown to be the size of a three-storey building, and she along with Iron Man are working steadily to disarm….giant Iron Man? Steve hurries toward them activating his comm link as he approaches the fight.
“I think you’re gonna be famous, Steve,” Tony says, peering down at the blue sky and the green grass and the gray boxes with squares in them and the green lady in the background which Tony knows is the Statue of Liberty from his history book that Jarvis had got him for Christmas.
Thor tucks Mjolnir into the little space Bruce had helped him create in one of the empty drawers in his nightstand. He chuckles to himself as he drapes the soft fleece baby blanket over his hammer, remembering when Tony had bought it for him as a joke and Thor had immediately thanked him and brought it up for Mjolnir, much to his friend’s surprise.
“Did you find anything?” Steve inquired, resisting the urge to wrap his arm around Tony’s shoulder and usher him into the cabin when he began to rub his hands up and down his arms in an effort to stave off the cold.
His dad smiles down at him with a sad but very determined look in his eyes, and Peter instantly knows he’s not getting his way this time. “Pete, we can’t just up at go to New York, because of someone who likes the Dodgers, who is also a stranger. Besides, you’ve got school now. We can’t just leave, bud.”
“I’m just messing with you,” Stark dismisses, shaking his head. His smile is more genuine when he looks up at Steve again. “Besides, I kind of had this covered.”
Steve flushes, stepping away from Stark as if he was standing next to a ticking time bomb reading to go off any second. Stark doesn’t seem to be very bothered by this or the Wasp’s subtle insinuation if his wide grin is to say anything, but Steve catches him gazing at him thoughtfully as they exit the warehouse and board the waiting Helicarrier.
Fury nodded at him, almost gratefully. “Thank you, Captain. I won’t lie to you, we are well aware that we did not have the most effective response to the situation. After SHIELD’s compromisation, things have not been running as smoothly as we had hoped, as you all know.”
“It wasn’t a banana,” Steve replied, very pointedly ignoring the jab about the crying. “Is this pepperoni?”
“I think I know what the source is,” Tony replied, carefully pasting on what Steve had come to know as his press face, his smile stretched a little too thin and his eyes guarded. He turned back to the screen, flicking the infrared image out of the way and zooming in on something else. When Steve peered closer, he noticed that Tony had replaced the previous display with a satellite image of the location. The zoomed-in portion of the screen showed a small box, which Steve was able to identify as a cottage or cabin of some sort. Tony flicked back to another image, this one with a date printed on the bottom right corner telling them that it was taken about two months ago. The small box was gone.
“Hey mister, cognac is for adult people, not robot babies,” Tony said, gently nudging Buster away from the bottle of cognac that sat on the coffee table in between their bowls of chilli from the can. “Steve, get Buster some apple juice please.”
The man is silent for a moment before sighing, as if he wasn’t expecting this but isn’t very surprised about it either.
“You think that’s good tech, Iron Man? What’s all that crap Stark’s been working on then?” Hawkeye retorts, aiming an arrow at an oncoming craft containing at least three Doombots.
“How about a movie night? You’re not busy are you?” He asked Tony, a familiar playful twinkle in his eye that thrilled Tony when he saw it.
Tony rolls his eyes. Why else would they all be listening to this crap show if not for that sole reason?
By the time Tony got back to the penthouse, he felt more resolute about his decision to walk away from Steve. Maybe this was the closure he needed. He’d finally got himself the closure he had been vying for. It hurt like a bitch, but Tony kind of felt good about doing something that wasn’t completely awful for himself. He didn’t love Steve anymore, and he could take his sweet fucking time to forgive him if he ever did.
And even though they were nearing the 100 day mark, Tony was feeling hopeful. He often caught Steve looking at him when he thought Tony wasn’t paying attention, and he noticed that Steve had taken to sketching again. Some days, Tony could close his eyes and listen to the soft scritching of Steve’s pencil against his legal pad and Buster whirring as he wheeled to and forth on the bedroom floor, and pretend he was back home. It was a fleeting fantasy, one that just made him feel even more depleted than before he’d conjured it, but he couldn’t help himself from desperately clinging to the familiarness that had bred from the disaster.
“You don’t like the one he has now?” The doctor asks, her voice carrying a distinct tone of amusement.
Fortunately, they’d gotten through it and without any altercations that would suggest their incompetence at working as a team. Surprisingly, it went very smoothly, almost more smoothly than their missions before the Accords had happened. Steve figured that a distinct lack of friendly chatter over the comms and Tony’s constant curt, professional demeanour that was so unlike him that Steve often felt that he was working alongside a complete stranger, were the causes for their eerily efficient success.
He wanted to turn away, turn his back to the noise and the crowd so Steve would have a harder time (not much harder) looking for him. But he found himself standing there, not really frozen but also not really moving either. He had his glass of champagne still cradled in his hand, the moistness of the condensation dripping from the glass and wetting the tips of his fingers.
As soon as he brought out the bag, Dodger immediately let out an excited yip, closely following at Steve’s heels as he opened the bag and filled up Dodger’s little bowl. Steve hadn’t even taken a step back yet before Dodger lunged forward to devour his lunch. The familiar guilt began to stretch open that endless black chasm inside of him as he watched his dog eat like a man who had been starved.
This seems to catch her attention. MJ pauses in organizing her cards and leans forward in interest, her brows drawn to the centre of her forehead. “Is it a secret?” She asks, her voice lowered to a precarious whisper.
Bucky grinned, shifting his hold on the watermelon as he leant up against the doors. “Not bad, Stark,” he said, and pushed the doors open.
Tony shakes his head in amusement and only partially catches what the other woman says to that through a series of very loud and obnoxious sniffles. The show cuts to a commercial break and he tunes them out, wondering how bad life must get that you feel that the only solution to your troubles is calling into a late night radio interview with, essentially a “love doctor.” He thinks to himself that he isn’t really one to judge, when the break ends and Dr. Fieldstone is back on air.
The only thing he didn’t regret about that fight was protecting Bucky. In the mornings, Bucky would walk into Steve’s floor, Sam usually in tow as he usually was these days. He’d take one look at Steve and know how he’d spent his night. Bucky never said anything. Steve knew that he felt an exorbitant amount of guilt because he felt responsible for the mess that Steve’s relationship with Tony had become. The therapy had certainly helped and Steve knew that Sam helped as well, even though neither of them seemed to realize it yet. Bucky was the only thing in his life he would never regret.
Looking around at his home that doesn’t feel like a home, Tony feels a sharp pang in his chest. The man he had trusted for most of his adult life after his parents’ death had been hungering for his own death all along. Tony had spent his life thinking he was making weapons for his country, when in reality he had been sentencing an innocent child to death with every dollar he was making for himself.
“Where do you need me?” Steve asks, pulling his cowl down over his face as he walks out of the aircraft and into the Mansion.
The kid scoffs. “Are you kidding? He thinks shows like this are super dumb. I can only get away with this because he isn’t home from work yet,” there’s a pause where it sounds like the kid left the phone and the host attempts to call him back. The kid picks up the phone again a minute later, fumbling with the device before he speaks again. “He just got back.”
“I am here, my friends,” Thor begins, turning swiftly before he can finish his sentence to thrust his hammer into a group of oncoming Doombots, sending them flying into the air.
Tony opens his mouth to reply when they’re both interrupted by an awkward clearing of a throat, and Steve steps away from Tony hastily. Tony merely smirks lazily and pulls him close, looking up at Bruce hovering uncomfortably in the doorway.
They’d noticed that on day 13. Tony’s meds were already in the medicine cabinet, and Steve’s emergency inhaler was there too despite the fact that he hadn’t had to use it since he’d come out of the ice. Razors, shaving cream, body wash, shampoo, toothpaste, a blue toothbrush and a red one, both sitting in the same translucent cup. The nightstand had lube and condoms, which they’d both wordlessly decided to ignore. Cleaning supplies under the sink, a first aid kit. Fire extinguisher.
He’s so lost in his thoughts that he doesn’t really process the Wasp gently touching his shoulder to grab his attention, passing a SHIELD issued phone into his hand. He presses the device to his ear on muscle memory, half expecting Fury’s voice of disapproval to assault him and his surprised when the panicked voice of MJ’s mother greets him instead.
Tony slept through day 142 and 143. Then 144 and 145 as well. His body reset itself with the coming of each dawn. He felt no hunger or thirst. His muscles didn’t become sore and atrophied. His bladder never prodded him awake with the need to empty. Tony felt everything and also nothing at once.
Tony nearly stopped breathing when he saw the blonde Adonis from before. At the centre of it all, holding up the leg of the redhead to his hip as he rolled his hips against hers, a wicked grin stretched across his lips. Bucky noticed him staring and grinned.
“I really don’t think half a banana while crying about last night counts as a meal, man.” Sam offered, climbing onto one of the stools at the counter and watching as Dodger followed at Steve’s heels as he stood at the counter, inspecting the pizza.
It’s so nice that Tony thinks it should be in one of those fancy art galleries his parents took him to sometimes. He tells Steve so, and he smiles big at Tony.
“Tell him I’m doing just fine.” Steve suddenly lost his appetite and he stared down at his pizza crust a little forlornly. “I won’t shut down during a mission if that’s what he’s worried about.”
Bucky scoffs again. “Of course I didn’t. Gail was, and she called me over as soon as she recognized Peter’s voice,” he explains.
If they weren’t already stuck re-living the same 24 hours over and over again, Tony would wish that he could stop time at this very moment even though they’d had dozens just like it.
He deleted the messages as well as the singular contact, flipping the phone shut and tossing it back into the drawer. He was about to tell JARVIS to lock it again, but he swivelled back around in his chair, reaching for the stupid phone. He shoved it into his pocket, very steadfastly not thinking about why he had done that.
“Nick, this isn’t like anything you’ve dealt with before,” Natasha interjected softly. She was right. They’d run missions before to retrieve SHIELD hostages or takedown intergalactic visitors who had somehow rightfully figured out that the right time to target a crowded Starbucks was before ten o’clock in the morning. How they’d figured out Starbucks was the perfect human location to target was beyond Tony. SHIELD has dealt with numerous mishaps in the past, most if not all relating to Earth’s safety in the face of a potential extraterrestrial threat. None of which had resulted in such a delayed and costly response without effective use of the resources available to SHIELD.
The missing agents were another aspect of it all that they had very little to go off of. Two teams of trained SHIELD personnel had been sent to investigate these anomalies, and neither team had returned. The amount of data that each team had been able to secure before they’d lost contact with SHIELD was also very limited, including the video clips that Fury had shown to them at the meeting the day before, and the scientific data that had been given to Tony and Bruce to investigate.
Steve hurried his pace as he approaches the elevator that would lead him down to the operation centre in the basement of Stark Mansion. “What is it, Widow? I’ve lost you.”
“You’re too dumb to care anyway. I appreciate that,” Tony murmurs softly as he moves to his worktable. He places his coffee down on the surface of the table, shoving his tech away just in case he accidentally knocked it over onto his work.
“See that?” Tony asked, pointing to a patch of purple on the screen capturing what the jet’s infrared sensors were recording. “That’s not supposed to be there. It’s an abnormally large force of energy beginning in the area surrounding the coordinates we’re heading to, and moving towards the town….over there,” Tony explained, pointing towards a nearby area that was a little further away which Steve presumed was the town.
Steve did not know how he was supposed to respond to that. “You know, Thor? That sounds about right.”
“Yeah, of course. Make sure you don’t forget about us, Steve.” Bucky says as Steve rushes over to say a quick goodbye to Peter before he has to take off. Steve winces at the remark, silently promising himself that he’d explain everything to Bucky as soon as he got back, a vow he’s been making to himself ever since his first gig as Captain America after Peggy had died.
“Yes, please,” Tony says, eagerly scooting forward in his chair to get a good look at Steve’s drawing.
In her hands, was a file with a bright yellow Post-It stuck on top that said, “Mission reports!! Send out by tonight.”
“That’s why the cabin’s here now, but it wasn’t in that other photo,” Steve supplied, sticking his nose inside of the wardrobe. Nothing of notice except a few men’s shirts and jeans hung up inside, with the drawers showing assorted pairs of socks and underwear. All men’s clothes, though. Steve didn’t speculate about that too much; he was aware that anyone can wear whatever clothes they wanted and the fact that these were traditionally worn by men, that meant very little.
Sam shared another Look with Bucky that Steve once again failed to decipher. It was frustrating to watch them do the little dance with each other and them just-- absolutely not be aware whatsoever. Although, Steve was starting to think they were just humouring him at this point.
“Well, maybe they’re waiting for us in there,” Steve suggested dryly, nodding at the bright red door that was almost taunting them with its faux, homey appearance. He fell into a familiar defensive stance, shield pointed out toward the door. He heard the whirring of the Iron Man armour behind him, the metal plates shifting apart to presumably let Tony back inside.
Steve stands in front of the pantry, staring at the five bottles of Nutella he has somehow acquired, and the two more in his hands.
He didn’t recall ever having the same instant fight or flight response at seeing an ex before. Even though he’d only had one other serious relationship besides Steve, and that whole situation had been equally horrible when it had fallen apart, especially since he had essentially broken up with his boss who also happened to be his best friend.
Tony and Bruce shared a glance with each other, before diving back into the screens in a flurry. Bruce scribbled some more notes into his notebook, pushing his glasses up his nose when they began to slide forward, as Tony described to him what he was seeing. His words were a blur of equations and theories and a number of things that Steve couldn’t even begin to grasp, but he realized that he’d never get tired of watching Tony work. It was always like everything went away, even the worst things, until it was just Tony and the data in front of him.
Tony nodded slowly, unable to look away from Steve Rogers and the way his biceps flexed every time he spun the redhead out from his chest and then brought her closer to him with one swift movement again. “They look great together,” Tony murmured, not really meaning for Bucky to hear him over the steady bass of the music.
Tony had understood why Steve had been so reluctant to sign.  After the whole HYDRA takeover of SHIELD that had left even unflappable Nick Fury flapping and Steve’s trust in SHIELD thoroughly lacking, his extreme displeasure at having to operate under a government super council was more than reasonable. Hell, he figured that if he hadn't operated just based on his guilt alone, he also would have been reluctant to sign a set of laws that was backed by the same guy who'd sent the military after Bruce years ago. By enabling the Avengers’ independence in the event of any future compromisation of SHIELD and incorporating, Tony had worked his ass off to amend the Accords so that they could retain some autonomy while still being held accountable in a way that they definitely had not been before.
Sam’s eyebrows rose, clearly dubiously, which Steve ignored. “Oh yeah, how’s that been working out for you?”
An elevator arrives at the deck with a chirpy ding, and Tony’s heart pounds in his chest. He curls his fingers inside of the armour, waiting anxiously for the doors to slide open.
Tony snickered tiredly, picking at a piece of lettuce that had fallen on the table in front of him. “Thor, probably.”
“Morning, Cap! I would offer you an omelette, but I don’t think you want this one,” he said, gesturing to the burnt mess in his pan with a grimace. “Nat made pancakes. If you want,” he waved in the general direction of the table with his spatula before turning back to his omelette, probably thinking of some way to salvage it.
Tony knew that Steve didn’t like plans. If it were up to him and he was working this mission alone, he would just wake up tomorrow morning, pull on the suit and figure it out on the Quinjet ride over to Thunder Bay. He worked on impulse, doing whatever the fuck felt right to him on the go.
There was a chorus of dry chuckles, some “goodnight’s” haphazardly muttered as they shuffled out of their chairs and filed off to their respective rooms. Tony caught Wilson following Barnes out of the room and his eyebrows shot up of their own will. And when had that happened, he thought to himself incredulously. Nat patted him on the shoulder and kissed Steve on the cheek, murmuring something to him, quiet enough that Tony wasn’t able to pick it up.
He quickly pulled on his suit, buckling his boots up and easing the shield out of its unnecessary leather casing that Steve hadn’t quite been able to bring himself to get rid of, as it’d been a gift from Tony from back when they were together. He hooked the shield onto the magnetic harness attached to the back of his suit and headed out with Dodger’s leash and a bag of goodies in hand.
“No, I think you mean that’s what he said,” Steve suggests, sliding off the arm of the suit and landing on the ground, just barely avoiding being squished into a Cap pancake by a gigantic hovering boot.
“Uh, you bet I do. I’m sleeping with Captain America, Bruce. I’ve got a hot date every night,” Tony says, lifting his head to peer up at the empty night sky without the aid of his telescope.
Sleep came to them both that night without the extensive hours long fanfare that Tony usually fell victim to.
Peter huffs and pushes the book away from him, sinking down into his pillows with tears rapidly gathering in his tired eyes. Steve sighs and moves in closer, pushing away some of Peter’s stuffed toys to perch on the edge of his bed.
The Norse god lands at the giant’s feet, directing the lightning blast being channeled through his hammer into the suit’s large, protruding arc reactor. The giant immediately stops, arms and legs suspended as the electricity courses through in punctuating waves. When Thor lets go, the giant tumbles to the ground sending the Avengers scrambling it get out of its way.
Tony groans in frustration. “This is so unfair. Sex or science. Science or sex,” he mutters. “It’s like the age-old question of ‘sex or food’ except so much worse.”
“However, we are calling you in now,” Fury stated, steadfastly ignoring the heated glare that Tony kept aimed his way. “Banner and Stark, we’ve forwarded the necessary data that had been compiled by both crews with the included video logs. The Quinjet will leave tomorrow morning. I suggest you get some rest.”
He barely spared Fury a glance as he stepped forward to place the box down at the centre of the long conference table they were all seated at. Tony quickly grabbed a couple of hot donuts for himself before the others pounced forward. Nat grabbed two before anyone else could blink, to absolutely nobody’s surprise. Barnes grabbed one for himself and Steve, while Wilson grabbed three for himself, before guiltily handing one over to Bruce who had been watching resignedly. Thor gasped delightedly and took one for himself while Clint sat staring at the now empty box with an incredulous look on his face.
” There was a deafening shriek from behind the camera, one that sent shills spilling over Tony’s shoulders, the frantic sound of crunching as whoever was holding the camera tried to sprint through the deep snow, and then, then there was nothing. An abrupt cut to black, no fancy fade, no transition back into reality. Just the cut-off scream of someone who had been seeing something that no one else in the room had managed to watch with them.
“Pete, we talked about this,” Steve tries to reason once again, probably in vain. “You got two chapters of Harry Potter today, that’s one whole chapter more than we’d agreed on.”
Tony turns back to an adorably confused looking Steve and runs his hands over his chest. “Showers?” Steve asks at last, moving to rest his hands on Tony’s hips, thumbs rubbing circles into the soft material of his band shirt.
The mid-afternoon sun that has been beating at Steve’s uniformed back for the entirety of the battle suddenly disappears behind a cloud of darkness. He looks away from the fight briefly, watching in awe as the bright lines of lightning form cracks in the sudden black skies. Thunder claps thrice, signalling the imminent arrival of Thor, and Steve can hear everyone heave a deep sigh of relief.
“When is this supposed to start again?” Tony asks, and by Bruce’s count it’s the nineteenth time he’s asked the exact same question since he’d arrived lugging two strange objects that Bruce later found out were supposed to be telescopes. NASA would be honest-to-god crying if they ever got a chance to look at Tony’s telescopes.
“HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY STILL BE MAKING THAT HORRID NOISE, YOU STUPID CREATURE?” Thor demands, striding forward to demolish the thing once more.
His anxiety brain didn’t quite receive the memo. He impatiently stood in line behind Basic Brittany, who had somehow returned with her coffee and was currently complaining about how she’d asked for her drink to be shaken with ice but no ice in the drink but there seemed to be ice in the drink, while the poor barista explained to her with that dead smile that was universal to all retail service workers who had to deal with characters such as Basic Brittany, that there was no ice in the coffee. Tony idly tapped his toe against the linoleum floor as he mentally fought off intrusive images of flying out of an alien's asshole for the second time in less than a decade.
Natasha stops mid-rummage, and glares at him. Clint swears there might’ve been a growling situation as well, but he swallows hard and keeps his mouth shut. He’s dealt with much more extreme rage from Natasha, and he is fairly sure she wouldn’t do anything to him after two in the morning. Or maybe the fact that it’s two AM makes it more likely for murder to take place.
Their words didn’t bring about some sort of revelatory moment for Steve, where all the messed up parts of his mind suddenly rearranged themselves to bring to right everything that was wrong. They actually did little to actually reassure Steve, because the “we” felt more like a “them” where Steve was this other guy on the outside looking in. But he felt less alone. Like they weren’t going to be there just because Steve had been there for them. They were here by choice, because they wanted to. That was enough for him.
Tony was terrified of this mission. His vision of his teammates dying was still etched into his eyelids, refusing to budge no matter what he invented to be one step ahead of whatever might bring that vision to reality. He hadn’t been on top of it this time, having been scrambling with the Accords, amending it so that the Raft would be shut down indefinitely, Barnes’ innocence proven and having a team of enhanced individuals responsible for holding other enhanced individuals accountable when necessary, rather than the super council of politicians and liaisons that had been originally suggested. The amendments had taken months to be put in place, and in the meantime, Tony had forgotten about the real threat, the one that they couldn’t predict or come up with a set of documents to hold accountable.
Steve finds himself grinning wide despite the urgent nature of the situation, looking up to catch Iron Man waggle is metal fingers in a silly wave.
“I have no idea. Wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t going to serve any purpose though,” Tony mused out loud, joining Steve on the ground and reaching out to touch the steel dials that were each about the size of his own hand. The dials stuck out of the ground like the floor underneath the nightstand itself was some sort of elaborate combination lock. Tony wasn’t sure how the nightstand had been placed over it all without sliding off the uneven surface.
“Watch me. Watch my eyes,” Steve said when Tony kept his eyes glued to his feet. Tony swallowed when his eyes met Steve’s blue ones, and Steve rolled his hips against Tony’s, rotating in one direction and then the next. Tony tried to follow him, letting himself go loose in Steve’s arms as Steve took one of Tony’s arms and flung it over his own shoulder. Tony linked his fingers loosely behind Steve’s neck. They bounced and rolled and jived together to the blaring music that Tony could barely hear over the constant roaring in his ears.
He frowns, pushing his glasses up onto his nose with his pinky finger, and trying again, only to receive the exact same response.
“This isn’t me, Cap,” Iron Man says, his voice breathless as he leans away from the larger suit’s clumsy swinging gauntleted arms. “Tech’s not as developed so a lot of it isn’t working the way it’s supposed to, which makes this easier and harder for us.”
“Talk about what, Steve? Didn’t we already hash out your non-apology in that letter of yours?” Tony asked tiredly. This was the last thing he wanted to be doing. He had thought that avoiding Steve when he and the other Avengers who hadn’t signed the Accords had returned to the States, would work out just fine.
He arrives on scene less than fifteen minutes later, the Helicarrier blasting away at supersonic speeds to get him there as fast as possible. It’s utter chaos when Steve arrives, fully suited up and shield grasped tightly in his hand.
It started with the discovery that his algorithm was a bust. He’d redone the math early in the morning after a discrepancy had kept him up in the night. The algorithm that he had been so hell-bent on for the past three months had led them to nothing. They’d essentially wasted weeks trying to apply it to solve the puzzle.
Tony shot him a surprised look, not realizing how much he’d missed the casual back and forth banter that had made up most of his conversations with Steve before everything had gone wrong. “I’m gonna pretend you didn’t say that,” he muttered, hoping that the fondness he was feeling wouldn’t leak into his words.
Day 278 was the day that Tony had unearthed the pile of dusty board games that had been hidden under a floorboard under the rug in the living room.
A few more strikes from an always (usually) helpful Mjolnir later, he is satisfied enough with the damage done to the strange object, and decides to return to bed.
“Dad, I think it’s on the other side,” the familiar voice of a kid says, pulling a large man outside of the elevator. Tony finds himself unable to move all of a sudden as the man looks up, his eyes widening in recognition.
Natasha looks up from her search to spare him a single withering glance. “You wouldn’t find anything there.”
Selfishly, Tony wanted to keep Steve all to himself. At his lowest points, he hoped they would be stuck in the cabin for longer, even though they were barely speaking to one another.
“Doctor Martha Fieldstone,” she replies, apparently opting to be helpful for the first time during the entire exchange.
“ -- And how does your husband’s indifference make you feel, love?” Tony hears the tail-end of what promises a very interesting conversation, so he cranks up the volume and listens attentively.
