John didn't.
there's no link between Douglas and Sarraf – aside from the fact that they're both victims. We
"My life is not open to your scrutiny," he replied.
He kept it light, pulling back just enough to refuse Sherlock anything more. Sherlock forced himself to acquiesce, John's hum of approval sending a faint shudder down his spine.
3 July
It wouldn't be easy, he thought, and there would be a lot to get through. But it would be worth it.
Sherlock met John's eyes; the doctor had seen Mycroft's name light up on the screen.
"Usually! But Mycroft dragged me into this– no, shut up! Whether you like it or not and what would you like, Sherlock? For me to be caught unawares walking up the street by this Magnussen person?"
But not the Woman. She was far too hands-on for that approach.
"God," John managed as Sherlock slumped again, kicking his pants away. He manoeuvred a pillow under his hips and John had to close his eyes, dropping his head. It didn't help when he buried his nose in short curls, inhaling the musky smell of Sherlock and sex. Sherlock squirmed, John bit the insides of his cheeks, sucking in another deep breath through his nose.
Couldn't face living with Harry all over again, but this time worse, because it was his husband, not his sister. There was no way he could fight this, no way Sherlock would give it up for John, for anyone.
He doubted they'd seen the last of her – despite her promise to Sherlock that they'd never see her again. It didn't have to be her, after all. The last time (two times if John counted Wales), it had been Bridget. It wasn't going to be her again; the police had had as much luck tracking her as they had Mary. Occasionally, John wondered where she was and vaguely hoped she was all right.
. He'd text his husband as soon as he'd dealt with his brother.
Unless, of course, she was working for Mary.
"Are you coming for cake?" Josephine asked, pulling the doll back from the screen.
Why bother with what some part-time nurse thought?
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock replied, and John could hear the utter practicality in his voice, but there were faint shadows around his eyes, sobering his expression in the dim common corridor light.
"You said you knew Jenny at school?"
a holiday so much," John replied. Sherlock grinned and kissed him quickly.
"What?" John and Molly asked at the same time.
"Good," Alexandre said, pushing himself to his feet. He gave her one more long look, then stalked away without pausing or glancing back.
But so was he; Sherlock had seen to that training and neither of them would have lasted long in their business if they weren't.
John cocked an eyebrow, something of a challenge, and Sherlock sighed softly, his body relaxing as he turned to face John fully, his hands and forearms on his desk, fingers interlaced.
Sherlock felt his mouth go dry.
Also (again because this isn't series 3 compliant), I knew I'd be writing a Mary who was different than in the show. Consequently, in my head, they look nothing alike.  I picture here more as
"That," John said, waving his good hand toward Sherlock; the detective glanced down at himself. "I'm going to get a little drunk and encourage you to take advantage of me."
He shook his head as they arrived at the cabana and set his bundle down. Sherlock had insisted on carrying the wine with him, so as not to hurt John's shoulder – as if two bottles of wine and a short walk were going to do any damage. But John had conceded and had carried a couple more pillows as compensation. They set to work putting the chairs and low tables aside so they could spread out the foam pad. John fitted a sheet over it and then they put down the blankets and the pillows. He moved one table to each side of the bed as Sherlock closed the canvas curtains so that only the front of the cabana remained open. Then he opened the wine as John sliced the baguette on his small table and fixed them each a plate of bread, cheese and fruit.
It hadn't, but it might have.
The sound of the front door opening was like a gun shot, like adrenaline straight to the heart, half of Sherlock's mind working out how quickly he could get to his gun and if it was properly loaded in the split second before he registered – impossibly – John's tread on the floorboards below, the familiar sounds of a greeting being called out.
"Sure."
Silence washed back in. John held himself rigid, heart hammering with a useless adrenaline reflex, listening hard. There was no further sound and he strained his ears, trying to pick up on any hint of movement from the living room – then realized the sound had come from above.
"Johnny," she said in a tone that told him she thought he was being thick. "Of course I have. We discussed it together. It's not a decision I can make on my own, you know. But he agrees with me. It's the best option, really. And hopefully it will never be necessary."
ignorant.
"Why?"
"It's probably because he's paying attention to the road that he doesn't remember his fares," Lestrade sighed. "Holly will get what she can out of him."
"Forgive me," Georges said, claiming an overstuffed arm chair for himself, deftly moving a baby monitor so it was resting on the table next to him. Now that John noticed it, he could hear the faint sounds of soft breathing coming from it. "You probably 'ear this all time, but meeting you – it is amazing! I am a 'uge fan,
"It's not his case," Mycroft replied. John sighed again, this time not bothering to hide it. "I see you've taken quite a personal interest in it, though. Does it strike a chord with you, I wonder?"
"You need a shower."
"And he's been very conscientious about my arm the whole time," John replied. "You'd be amazed at what I'm not allowed to do right now."
"Good. Now, on your side, lie down, I think I've got the proper set up… yes, perfect." John's arm, held carefully in Sherlock's hands, was lowered gingerly onto the pillows, adjusted minutely until he was comfortable. Two more pillows were shoved between the ones holding his arm and the headboard, almost standing up until Sherlock stuffed them down with a satisfied look that made John smile.
Nothing from Gabriel, which indicated he'd been on baby-sitting duty prior to Mycroft arriving; it annoyed Sherlock even more than John had gone to such lengths to ensure he was supervised, but hadn't stayed himself.
"John."
John balled his hands into fists to keep them from shaking.
They were both speaking far too rapidly, and overlapping with one another, angry voices mingling. He heard Sam's name frequently, of course, and picked up the odd word here and there with his school boy French.
"A son? Are you sure?"
"This isn't good enough," John said, voice verging on a snarl.
want to do that and run into a gunky mystery substance.
"They are," John agreed. "Well, he said he reads the blog, so maybe he got the inspiration there."
He woke up in the middle of the night with Sherlock's skin burning up against his. The detective was shaking and sleeping fitfully, shifting restlessly against the sheets and murmuring snatches of incoherent sentences. John reached out and turned on the lamp nearest to him, squinting in the sudden light. Sherlock groaned and blinked himself awake as John rolled over, grey eyes were bright and somewhat glassy. John pressed the back of his left hand against Sherlock's forehead and each of his cheeks while Sherlock watched him, looking miserable. John hated to wake him, but he needed to get some fluids into him and take his temperature.
– and, of course, because it would let him go charging back to London instead of dithering on a Paris sidewalk, arguing about Mycroft's intentions.
," Sherlock said, tipping his tea cup toward Gabriel for emphasis, "sounds like a pseudonym."
Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
He squeezed his partner's hand again, rubbing the inside of Sherlock's wrist with his thumb.
Someone.
possible. Lestrade had seen it, more than once. In a city the size of London, it was easier than most people thought to get lost, even despite the pervasive CCTV systems. Those cameras recorded millions of people every minute of every day – finding one person amidst the masses wasn't like finding a needle in a haystack, it was like finding one specific drop of water in the ocean.
"Doctor Bannerjee," Donovan greeted in return, shaking the doctor's hand perfunctorily. "What have you got?"
Sherlock's body saw the threat, his mind shouted the rational explanation at him.
"You can't tell me?
"No, you just convinced me otherwise."
. He could figure these things out.
Leaving John to unpack was a dubious prospect – for a military doctor, his lack of order was alarming, and socks were always replaced incorrectly, and often intermingled. Sherlock followed behind John at each step, correcting the inaccuracies, peering over the doctor's shoulder to give him proper instructions.
"He suffered some serious head trauma – not to mention some internal injuries. To be honest, I'm not sure how he managed to walk in or stay conscious as long as he did. We had him in surgery and he's in recovery now. Prognosis is tentatively good. He was damn lucky, Inspector. Could have been a lot worse."
"Fine," Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes at John's cheeky grin. "I promise."
It brought some measure of relief, but not much.
Which was why she was keeping a sharp eye on the unrest now – unrest she had caused herself when she'd brought his name back, casting around for information. They were small ripples, fairly easily smoothed over, but the unease required consistent reassurance.
A flash of memory blindsided Sherlock, a fuzzy recollection of his brother’s face, etched with exhaustion and worry, the first time Sherlock had regained consciousness enough in the military hospital in Afghanistan to register his presence.
He watched her go until she'd vanished into the darkness, then sighed, glancing down at Hudson, who looked up at him expectantly.
Sherlock closed his book as John turned on another lamp. The golden light chased away some of the oppressiveness brought on by the oncoming storm, holding the darkness of the day at bay. It was comfortable this way, Sherlock thought. He enjoyed this sort of atmosphere when John was around. The warmth and cosiness seemed to fit him, as if he were bringing them into the room.
A phone rang, an order was shouted out. Paramedics were running toward them now and Sherlock heard John and Sam's footsteps stop, felt a hand on his arm, pulling him toward the bland, neutral-coloured wall. Sherlock flared his nostrils, inhaling John's scent, giving himself a focal point. John's hand on his arm was a small spot of welcome warmth, a touch that wasn't unfamiliar, unasked for.
But she said nothing, turning back to her phone to occupy her during the short commute, and then following him up to his office, a silent shadow he couldn't shake.
"Let's find out, shall we?"
"One time, Mycroft! One bloody time! It was sixteen years ago! Let it go!"
He hoped if Donovan ever caught wind of this, she'd share his point of view.
The Personal Blog of
"I do," Irene murmured. Scandal was hardly new – or a deterrent – to her, but a woman like Katherine, a public figure and a figure of public trust, would need to be much more circumspect in these sorts of enquiries.
"No," Sherlock replied, his voice muffled by John's skin. "I want our bed tonight. We'll use the candles."
"What about the lights?" John asked. "Were they outside with the snow?"
"Go get changed," Harry said, giving his arm another gentle squeeze. "I'll wait here."
"Well," John sighed, looking down at the phone, "Technically, she's texted both me and Tricia, to see if we want to meet her for coffee today – which, by the way, I can't do, because I'm in France. I assume by 'coffee' she actually means coffee and that she's not using it as an innuendo to suggest some sort of the threesome."
"Are you serious?" he asked Tricia, meeting her amused blue eyes with his stunned brown ones.
. Sherlock knew it for what it was, but naming it hardly mattered.
John swallowed and reminded himself to breathe.
London would always be there, after all. Waiting. In need of his services.
He was cut off suddenly by the buzz from the door. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and then disentangled himself from John, slipping his wedding ring back onto his finger. John watched the movement, remembering the first time he'd put the ring on Sherlock's hand, how awed he'd felt. How lucky. He remembered splaying his left hand over Sherlock's heart that night in bed, captivated by the colours of the metals against Sherlock's pale skin.
"There is certain – sensitive information regarding this case that I've kept from you until now, yes. I'd rather hoped Laurence's murder was motivated by his friendship with Murray and his public denouncement of the refusal to delay the vote in April. This would have been far simpler for me– for all concerned."
"Sorry, why would I know you?"
He ran his hands through his lighter brown hair. This was his hair, not Sam Waters'. He frowned at himself – was there really a line? He was always surprised whenever he realized he never thought of himself as Gabriel anymore. Only his mother and sister called him that. He had his reasons for it.
"Good point," he conceded, sitting back on his heels.
"Well that settles it then," John said.
“Sit down,” Sherlock said without preamble, nodding at the leather chairs framing the small coffee table. “I’ve got a plan for Ms Hawkins.”
"She was shot point-blank range in the head and then dumped there. She
"You misunderstand me," Sherlock said, his grey eyes flickering over John's face.
He hesitated, looking back at the webpage.
He waited for an answer that did not come.
"Sometimes," John said. "Look, I– I was with women all my life until you. I guess I'm functionally bisexual but really, Sherlock, you're the only man for me."
Sherlock was crouching again now, the muscles in his thighs starting to protest the extra weight pressed against his body as he tried to keep Sam braced. Sam was slumped against him, unwilling or unable to hold any of his weight himself. He was still shaking almost violently now, making it difficult to support him.
"And you hurt me," Sherlock snapped, his eyes flashing back to meet John's. "You insist that I need to talk to you but you left me nonetheless."
"It's been almost two weeks," John said.
, he thought with a grin,
"Oh yes, because now
"I know what you meant," Sherlock snapped, piercing grey eyes finding her like a laser sight, holding her hostage for a moment before he exhaled slowly, a deliberate relaxation. "And what you didn't mean."
"I quit smoking, John," he said quietly but with a definite urgency in his voice.
Sherlock's grip tightened on the phone, eyes scanning the greeting, the way the first two letters jumped out, highlighting the message. He glanced down at his phone screen again, seeing the "h" almost mirrored there.
"You need to take her for a walk," John said. Sherlock huffed, plucking the hat from John's fingers and tossing it aside. "It can't all be fun and cases."
Sometimes he'd fall asleep in this position, only to jerk himself awake when the front door opened and John came home.
“The, um… ’ow do you say… guards of the body?”
"Yes, I know all of that," Morgan replied but there was no impatience in her voice. "I've spoken with all of his doctors and most of the nurses. But you've spent the most time with him. I want to know what you think, Doctor Watson."
John kept himself from answering again, nodding slowly.
"To be fair, I've only really done that twice," Sherlock said.
"I can't."
2 June
"Coming?" Bridget asked, arching her eyebrows.
"I'm quite capable of entertaining myself," Sherlock snapped and John rolled his eyes, aware that Mycroft had noted it.
"Suit yourself," Bridget said.
Irene kept the option open, but relegated it to the recesses of her mind. It didn't bear thinking about, particularly not when there was so much that did.
"Business?" he asked, glancing between Sherlock and Irene.
"No, I don't. Like I said, coincidence. And that would be a hell of one. But that doesn't mean there isn't a pattern here."
A few minutes later, he heard the faint strains of violin music drifting up toward him – just scales at first as Sherlock warmed up, transforming into soft Christmas carols that made John close his eyes. He could picture their tree downstairs, decorated, glowing gently with its green and red lights. He still had to dig out the stockings that Mrs. Hudson had made for them the first Christmas they were married. Sherlock had acted appalled at the idea of a personalized stocking but had secretly been delighted.
And now this.
"What is it?" he murmured.
"It's almost eight," John said. The tube ride had eaten up some time with its standard delays.
"Yes," Sherlock hissed.
“Who’s watching him?”
It came as a shock to realise he had no desire to have Mycroft die on him, despite how much Sherlock enjoyed when his brother wasn't meddling in his life. Nor could he imagine what it would be like if his only immediate biological relative was his father. It would be like having no family left at all.
"Of course it's been bothering me," John sighed. "But I've got the sling and it
Sherlock shook his head once, emphatically.
"I mean I gave Amanda some ideas of where to take Harry."
"John, I know you've become friends with him–" Donovan started. John shook his head, cutting her off, wondering for a moment if this was how Sherlock felt on a case, when he hit on that one detail no one else had spotted yet.
“Could you do it?” he asked, feeling a rush of relief when she nodded. “Mary, you’re a bloody miracle worker.”
, Sherlock reminded himself.
"Possibly, but I don't see what the point of this is–"
John sighed gently, close enough to his partner that he felt his own breath come back to him, brushing his lips.
"It's a delicate matter, Sherlock. I have a… colleague who would appreciate both your efforts and discretion."
The distant sound of water – not a torrent, more of a trickle, like a small stream. Run-off from some drain pipe, no doubt. It lent a dampness to the atmosphere, but only slightly; enough to smell it if he inhaled deeply, not quite enough to feel it. There was something on the air, almost spicy, like pine in the underground breeze. Movement and space were the culprits, not the true freshness of unfettered air from the surface.
They had access to the balcony through the bedroom as well as the living room, but John's position meant he could be out and blocking that more quickly than Sherlock could reach it. The flicker of expression told him Sherlock had just done the mental calculation and had reached the same conclusion – thunder followed the shock in his expression, and John took a deep, steadying breath.
He staggered a little bit, with deliberate dramatic flare, making his niece laugh again.
, John!"
Grey eyes slid sideways to glare at him; other than that, Sherlock didn’t move. John caught the irritation there and was surprised by it – normally, Sherlock wasn’t bothered when John was the one bringing him back from wherever he’d gone to in his head.
It meant something.
John nodded.
"Well, then you tell me, did I bring the lube in our bag with our books and sunscreen?"
After Mary, his sister had been wary of leaving her flat for anything other than work, claiming she felt like she was being watched. Whether by Mary's people or by strangers who might associate her with the story, John didn't know – but he certainly understood the feeling.
"John–"
"Nothing," John murmured, tracing his thumb down the line of vertebrae on the back of Sherlock's neck. "Nothing but watch."
He spun the laptop towards John, revealing a short article concerning a temporary stoppage of work while a small legal issue was addressed. Dated from two weeks ago.
He was a mess. The blood from the exit wound on the back of his head had congealed on the carpeted floor along with what John knew were bits of brain matter. It angered him suddenly that no one had cleaned this up yet, that the man had been left lying where he'd died like some sort of sideshow exhibition.
Because he’s brilliant. Hair or no hair.
"It's called body memory," he said. "It's often unconscious. But it means you remember something. It means you're familiar enough with the technology that you probably use it on a regular basis. You probably have a smart phone – who doesn't nowadays?"
. His husband. His best friend. He should
"A set of twins that needed to come by C-section – the mum was pretty upset about that and I don't blame her. We were on stand-by for a couple other potential problem cases, too, but they were okay in the end. Nothing traumatic."
He ignored the assessment deliberately, checking his phone in the secret hope of a text from John. There were several from Irene, all of which had been read, judging by the fact that they were no longer displaying on his lock screen.
Gay porn had never really been his area, and that hadn't changed, even with Sherlock. The two men on the screen (and vaguely John wondered what variations of number of participants Sherlock had explored) didn't interest him much.
That was Sherlock's doing. The detective had (none too subtly) arranged that she go see her sister. John hadn't been party to that, but he'd figured it out in short order when she'd told him of her travel plans for a long weekend in Dorchester – that just so happened to coincide with Sherlock's appointment to discuss his latest x-rays.
Sherlock's lips twitched and he swallowed a chuckle of his own.
"No," John answered belatedly, shifting onto his knees, two fingers on Sherlock's chin tipping his head up, holding his gaze for a moment before leaning down to kiss him.
What he'd said, what he'd done. The fact that he'd walked out on his husband with barely a word, leaving Sherlock yelling after him, panicked, on the pavement. The fact that he'd felt nothing while doing this, numb, shut off.
"Know about the smoke damage to your lungs?" Sherlock asked, scowling slightly when John nodded and gesturing to the main room. John followed Sherlock out, choosing to ignore the relief that flooded Sherlock's features when he eased himself onto the bed.
"Leaving for some space isn't the same as leaving for good. It doesn't have to be. Not if you don't let it turn into that. Both of you."
"Really?" John asked.
John traced his fingertips up and down Sherlock's forearm, enjoying the faint shudder beneath his touch, keeping his movements lazy, as if he had nothing else in mind. He tugged lightly on the cuffs, watching the tendons jut briefly on Sherlock's neck, then trailed up along his spine. Sherlock titled his head back into the contact, and John smiled, tracing an ear with his thumb before pressing more firmly into the base of Sherlock's skull.
''We just came for milk- we're leaving- Sherlock, come on.'' John opened the front door and turned back to look at Sherlock, who stalked towards him, slamming the door shut and pointedly glancing up and down Anthea's body.
''Happy now?''
Of course. Sherlock is quite taken with him. A
When the unassuming black car stopped outside the gentleman's club Mycroft favoured, she shifted into his lap more, murmuring quietly as she woke up.
5/7- Sherlock asked about bonding.
''You're looking pale. Is my brother being greedy? More lack of control than usual then.''
''Hind?'' Mycroft's head twisted suddenly to look at John.
''Not now, Mrs Hudson- they're a little busy. I'd leave them alone for a few hours.'' Anthea placed a hand on the older woman's elbow and gently turned her away from the upstairs flat.
''Thank you.'' He sat behind his desk, already looking through the papers and files stacked there.
There'll be a week's delay before the next chapter (which is the last one), because real life is stressful. If there is anything you think I haven't cleared up or that you want to see, please let me know. There might be some 221B's coming in this verse, so if you want to prompt those, let me know in the comments!
Anthea nodded, typing emails to update the office staff on the new stage of the plan. It was time to begin the final stage.
''She's a liar,'' Anthea smiled to herself, watching the little screen of her phone. She waited for him to tell her what he'd decided was her biggest flaw today, watching as the genius got distracted, another sign that his brain wasn't functioning as it should- he was usually focussed intently on one thing at a time, not this flighty distracted mess of ideas and worries. ''She always says she won't tell and she does. She always does. Cause she belongs to him.'' He seemed to lose his train of thought, staring at John face- reaching out to touch but pulling his thin hand back at the last moment. John shook his head and stood up, pulling the thin figure with him and supporting him as he found his balance.
As Sherlock knelt by the body, John stopped, sniffing a little. He turned to the nearest crime scene officer.
''It's Victor, Sherlock. I'm sorry- but you drained him and the evidence has to go- I can't risk your actions causing more danger for people like us. And if it got out how easy it is to drain- there'd be riots. We must keep it contained. Who saw the files, Sherlock?''
She slid silently into the leather seat beside him, tapping on the raised partition to signal the driver into action and going back to her Blackberry. There was a conversation, but she paid it little attention, beyond giving polite responses when necessary to fool Watson into thinking she was giving him the attention he clearly craved, when the truth was she was paying him no more attention than was required to make sure he didn't reach for the unregistered service gun in his waistband. She easily rebuffed his clumsy flirting and noted the almost resigned acceptance of her refusal. Low self esteem. Could be dangerous when forced into close contact with Sherlock and his constant need to insult those around him, especially those he cared for. She made a note to inform Sherlock of the need to be cautious. When given the high stakes, she was almost sure he would listen to her advice.
She shook her head, almost switching off the programme, one she left running all the time but rarely used. Mycroft's office knew where the people they wanted to find would be, not often needing to use something as time consuming and uncertain as facial recognition software. She saw who the programme had flagged up- S. Holmes. On almost any of the other areas of the city she was watching it would have been nothing noteworthy, Sherlock and his partner often wandered the streets of London, and most of the screens were concentrated on popular areas, Trafalgar square, the Palace, the British museum. Others focused on areas that at first glance seemed plain and uninteresting- side streets, alleyways, cafes. But those feeds were showing the very elegant solution to Mycroft's current pet project- vampire/human relations. Something Sherlock should not be anywhere near. She saved the text files and closed the window, clicking over to the video feed to allow it to fill the screen, and saving the recording to a secure server. Fishing a pair of headphones out of her desk drawer, she plugged them into her computer and turned on the volume.
It was getting late and she was finishing up checking bank transactions for the other donors that arranged their payments through Mycroft's office, tracking the little flaws- late payments, amounts that were slightly too small, when Mycroft appeared in front of her desk.
They walked out of the office on the evening of their wedding hand in hand, followed by whispers like shadows, stares and a single peal of laughter, quickly stifled. Despite the fact that the wedding had been a closely guarded secret it was difficult to keep the change in their relationship from the people who saw them most. However, it had been very easy to keep the wedding a secret from two people in particular.
''Today? No- not today- I have plans for it.''
''You're welcome. Are you- is everything alright?''
''Yes.''
''I'm sorry, alright? I would have sworn you were here. I will try to wait for you- and I'll make sure Mycroft pays you on time- you can do that right?'' he turned to Anthea, who nodded in return and did a quick search on her phone to find the payments that had been sent to John Watson's account. They were irregular and smaller than the agreed amount, and she sent an email to her boss to make sure he was aware of the issue. She then authorised an instant payment to make up the deficit.
''Sherlock, just get dressed.'' John was rumpled, but dressed. He dumped the rest of the clothes on top of Sherlock, who rolled slowly off the sofa and got to his feet, dragging his bare feet back down the hallway to his bedroom.
''Could have been better. Not too bad. Are you ready?'' He nodded up at her and tugged gently on her waist, sliding her down to sit in the narrow gap between his thigh and the arm of the chair. She swung her legs over his, settling more comfortably across his lap. He flicked her plait over her shoulder and tucked his head into the smooth curve of her neck. She tipped her head back against his shoulder as he wrapped his arm around her back to support her weight and bit.
Doctor Watson replied to my email. A
''Do you think he loves you? He isn't capable of that.'' He sneered at his brother, who turned away, dismissing them all to return to his bedroom. Sherlock watched him go, and as soon as he was out of sight he pulled Anthea roughly towards him, ignoring John's sound of alarm.
''I haven't found it yet, sir. It's happening across all payments to donors that go through us, I'll pull the list of people who can access them.''
''Probably. Doesn't usually last this long but I haven't eaten properly in a few days.'' Sherlock's head lolled to one side as he looked down at the man between his legs. His legs were twitching and he had pulled in on himself, hunching up and tucking as much of his long body as he could into the warm, dark folds of his coat.
''Where are we. What do you want?''
''Hind works for me. Anthea- get her in. And check her access codes.''
When the security team arrived they brought with them an armoured car. Anthea lifted the Starbucks from the cup holder and took a big gulp to steady her nerves on the way to the office. By the time they'd arrived the drink was empty, but there was another waiting on her desk she she sat down. Mycroft was clearly putting some effort into cheering her up. He often used small gestures to show affection when he remembered, but two coffees plus the muffin in her in-tray were more than she usually got in a week, never mind a morning. When she found her favourite meal had been ordered for lunch- from a restaurant that she had previously been aware would deliver, alongside another drink, she decided that it was time to go and make sure Mycroft knew he was forgiven, before he bought her diamonds or something equally ridiculous.
15/7- Donor drained. Registered as accidental overdose.'
Anthea interrupted, her voice calm and steady in counterpoint to his rushed panic. '' Why must I be lying?''
''Found whatever you were looking for?''
''It's safe. Get changed, there's no harm in it.'' He began taking off his shirt, passing the smaller suit to John and motioning for him to undress.
Watson leapt forward to grab him as Sherlock swayed towards the wall, catching his arm and pulling him over towards a chair. Once Sherlock was seated,  the doctor knelt in front of him and slowly reached for his wrist to take his pulse- but Sherlock pulled his arms back and tucked his hands up in his sleeves- shrinking away from the gentle touch.
Mycroft picked up almost instantly.
''Your assistant there might as well see what a man's supposed to look like- can she even find yours under all the fat?'' He sneered up at them  in silence for a couple of minutes until a shirt hit him in the face.
''What is it , Sherlock?''
''I am far too careful for that.'' Mycroft sounded almost offended at the possibility of harming his donor. ''Sherlock is very free with his feeding- doesn't always take the preservations he should, things like making sure you've eaten first, checking your diet is replacing what he takes. But Sherlock has done this before- overfeeding. Did it a lot, especially as a child. He's never been good at controlling his impulses. He knows to bring them here- that I'll deal with the aftermath of whatever he does. No matter what it is.''
''Ow. When he said hurt a little bit- that hurt. A lot.'' He poked gently at the healing bite mark, the chemicals in Sherlock's saliva healing the skin faster than usual, leaving two tender, pale, scars slightly raised against the tanned skin of his neck. Anthea smirked at his cautiousness.
The quiet of the early morning was shattered by the sounds of a key scraping in the front door lock and the door slamming back and hitting the wall. Recognising the voices she could hear, Anthea stood calmly in the doorway and watched as Sherlock and Dr Watson entered the house. Sherlock walked straight into the kitchen and took the bottle of milk from the fridge. Anthea was used to this behaviour- he often took food from his brother's house instead of buying his own, despite the fact that it took almost an hour to get from Sherlock's flat to Mycroft's home, and that it would be far easier to simply buy the milk at any one of tens of shops that were within fifteen minutes walk of Baker street.
After almost another year of carefully orchestrated publicity stunt dates, meetings with sexist, prejudiced bigots, and secrets, made up for by surprise coffees, randomly winning competitions she hadn't entered, and nights spent hiding from the rest of the world in Mycroft's townhouse, Anthea decided she was done playing the assistant.
John simply ignored her, waiting for Sherlock to answer as though there had never been an interruption. The dark haired man seemed to shrink for a second before he pulled himself together.
''The one who was so sure the fire was accidental? I'll let him know. Sort the computer and meet me by the door.''
''Sherlock? Any ideas would be very helpful here.''
''His name flagged up in the system. Above my clearance but you know what higher-ups are like- I'm here to do legwork, they'll take the credit.'' The silver haired man was clearly not impressed with his superiors. Sherlock seemed to cheer up at the implication of further intrigue. The doctor at his side was very quiet, watching the white covered technicians move around the smoke blackened garage.
Mycroft opened the front door and stepped back for Anthea to pass him. She led the way to the car and settled back into the seats, already making updates to both Sherlock and John's files on her phone. The rapid clicking of her nails on the keys was interrupted by her boss' words- already moving on to a new problem.
Anthea always arrived at Mycroft's offices at precisely 6.55, in order to be ready for her boss's arrival at 7. He walked through the door exactly on time as she expected, and as she fell into step behind him, they set off through the halls leading to his office, and he began to list what he wanted from her that day.
He stopped, reminded perhaps of who he was talking to- his own life-bonded donor.
''Sherlock''. Mycroft appeared at the top of the stairs, frowning down at his younger brother. Dressed in a silky, deep maroon dressing gown and plain black slippers, bare legged and with his hair mussed from sleep, he was still an intimidating figure. John stepped back, towards the front door. Sherlock laughed.
They walked into the office at Scotland Yard shortly after 9, Sherlock whirling through the sleepy staff clutching at mugs of coffee, leaving John behind as his stride grew longer and longer, almost running in his haste to find the Detective Inspector. John gave up on staying at his partner's side, detouring into a kitchen area to make himself a cup of tea, ignoring the looks of the officers waiting for the coffee machine to brew with the ease of a man who has long known he is capable of defending himself.
''I assume he's told you what to expect- attachment issues, misunderstanding simple emotional cues, no concept of personal space or privacy. He'll forget you exist some days- and refuse to let you talk to anyone else on others. He doesn't understand how relationships work- professionally or personally. He's never learnt. I simply want to make sure that you understand now- and that you are aware that you have signed your contract.'' John nodded, an amused smile on his face. Mycroft barely paused in his tirade. ''Do not come to me in a month's time to complain that he's difficult or rude. You are aware of his... particularities. And you signed anyway. There will not be a raise or any more benefits. You will have the option to renew the contract for another six months when it expires.'' The cardiganed shoulders of the army doctor began to shake. From Anthea's  position by the door she couldn't see his face and feared there might be tears- something neither brother was capable of dealing with, however often they caused the response. She stepped forward, ready to deal with the problem as always, but was brought up short by Dr Watson raising his head, laughter lines etched deep on his face as he tried to hold in his amusement.
Mycroft sorted through the papers in the file on his lap while dictating new information to his secretary, Anthea, who was typing it up in a short hand of her own invention on what appeared to be a blackberry. He tutted at a note on one of the sheets, a heavily annotated room plan of the upper floors of the Bulgari Hotel.
Anthea's new house was smaller than her last one- she was prepared to  put up with it temporarily, but was already looking at better places to move to when the scandal of donors and vampires existing throughout society died down. Stereotypically, vampires were upper class, paying 'feeders' who had no other way of making a living, basically little more that prostitutes selling their bodies. Stemming from Jekyll and Hyde fantasies of rich men using poor women, living double lives of society dinners and late night murders. Anthea was uncomfortably aware that her relationship with Mycroft fit almost exactly into society's expectation of human/vampire interactions.
''Sherlock. Stop now.''
''I thought I was buying you a dress?'' She smiled at him and shrugged, taking the garment bag from him and turning around.
''Sherlock?'' The captain's voice was panicked as he searched the crowds of uniformed officers for a dark curly head. When he saw his partner's hair he ducked and pushed his way through the crowds to his side, standing at the desk he'd been working at, silent and looking overwhelmed.
''Is this a new dress code for your minions, brother dear? Naked and in love?''
When Mycroft woke up, the first thing he saw was her- Anthea. The woman who had given up everything, including her name, to be his. She was standing at the side of the bed, dressed for work, holding a cup of tea and a stack of files. When she saw he was awake she smiled slightly and put the tea on the nightstand, before turning and walking away towards the door. She stopped in the frame and turned back.
''I thought a house. Once this is all done with, you'll need somewhere better than your current address.'' He took the cheque back from her, his fingers brushing hers.
Take the blood to Baker street. Supervise the first feed- they'll need you. MH
''Anymore? It hurts?''  He took a step away from Sherlock, his hand flying up to protect the unbroken skin of his neck.
''Yeah, the engine is split, they reckon his cigarette fell when he got crushed and started the fire. Everything in here's soaked in oil or fuel, so...''
''He just passed out- I wasn't even trying to bond, I didn't take that much, and he'd eaten first- I checked like you always tell me to- I  gave him a blood transfusion but he didn't wake up- then I didn't know what to do?'' His voice was higher than usual, panic causing him to revert to the scared child Mycroft remembered- this wasn't the first time he had dealt with a donor that Sherlock had taken too much from.
''But you needed me to. Why shouldn't you be happy? Your brother has his own donor now- he'll soon understand.'' She reached for his hand and held it tightly between her own, trying to get him to understand- that emotions didn't make him weak, no matter what both he and his brother thought. ''I'll see you in the morning. As always.''
''I've sent more money, John. There has clearly been an issue with the payments, I'll see it sorted. Do try to discuss your relationship problems more quietly next time, you're worrying Mrs Hudson.'' Anthea left, shutting the door behind her quietly, cutting off the quiet sounds of the two men shifting from their respective chairs to the sofa- somewhere more comfortable for a feed.
The front door had been left unlocked when they arrived, and Anthea barely slowed down to shut it on the way into the main sitting room.
''It's a biometric lock.'' She twisted the doorknob, waiting for the warmth of the scan to pass over her fingertips before she pushed it open. She glanced around the room, checking there was nothing too dangerous for Sherlock to see. Once she was confident there was nothing he didn't already know, she let both men in, carefully not looking back at where Mycroft was watching them through the cracked door of his bedroom.
He nodded once in silent acknowledgement and she shut the door behind her and set off up the path.
Before John could voice his clear disbelief at that, Anthea jumped in to explain.
''Good morning, Mr Holmes. I've set your suit out. I'll be in the downstairs office when you're ready.''
''I'm not feeling very ravished. Maybe you should put more effort in.'' She grinned at him, turning back to the garment bag and unzipping it. The dress inside was white, floaty and ethereal. She turned so Mycroft could unlace the corset and set it to one side. The dress was light in her hands, thin and almost transparent in places. When she looked back at Mycroft he was much closer than before, almost backing her against the bed. She smiled at him and raised an eyebrow.
''Mycroft- what's going on?'' Sherlock stood up, stepping towards his brother before halting suddenly, almost falling forward with the momentum. '' You look ridiculous. What are you wearing?''
The only reason Sherlock ever voluntarily contacted his brother was when he needed to feed and couldn't be bothered to find a supply of his own. She took a rattling box  filled with syringes and vials from beneath her seat and began to slowly extract blood for Sherlock, carefully monitoring the amount so as not to faint again. She set a reminder on her phone to get herself hooked to an IV fluids line once they were back at the office and took a ready mixed nutrient shake from her bag to help replace the fluids she was losing.
First feed complete. A
"Make it one, I don't have time for his self important nonsense today. And I'll have a steak." He waved a hand in her direction to dismiss her and she turned away, already sending the email that would encourage John Watson to take the generous offer she was planning to suggest.
''Someone's thrown a rock through my window. I want security. And I'm buying a new house- ill be using your pass codes.'' She hung up on him to make absolutely certain that he knew she wasn't happy. He sometimes missed subtler clues, so she'd learnt to make sure he understood when it mattered.
''Is he okay?''
''I'm fine- I'm- fine-you're blurry.'' He tipped his head at her, his eyes slightly unfocused. She glanced over him, noting the signs of a drained donor- paler than usual, a slight sheen of sweat, quick, panted breaths.
Once she was in her bedroom she put her wine on the dressing table and dropped her shoes onto the soft white carpet, leaving them there. She emptied her pockets onto the dresser-top, laying her work things; phone, Bluetooth earpiece, and security pass, to one side, and throwing her worn stockings into the laundry basket on her way to hang her jacket on the back of a chair.
''And the fire?''
''Thank you, Mycroft. I'll see to it that your brother and John get home, if you want to go in to the office- I've sent you an email with the shortlist of suspects for the fraud- and the far meeting room has been set up for interviews.''
''Good try.'' Anthea appeared in the doorway behind Mycroft in a full length white dress, a red ribbon a slash of colour across her waist. She smoothed a hand across Mycroft's shoulders, then stepped past him to face him, pulling his jacket straight and pressing a quick kiss to his cheek.
She slipped into the car, sliding across the chair to let Mycroft sit next to her. Relaxed and tired, she leant against his side, shivering at the cold of his skin through the thin jacket.
They visited the family to ask about the illness, Sherlock talking a mile a minute to the poor widow, whirling about the house looking for clues, leaving John to sit alone in the living room and drink his tea. Having learnt his lesson about phone calls, he sent Sherlock a text to get him to ask the widow about holidays they'd been on as a family. He complied- the widow said she couldn't remember where they'd been, Spain, possibly. Maybe Greece. John nodded once and smiled a grim little smile. As soon as they got into the taxi Sherlock turned and looked at him expectantly.
''Yes. I don't need your pity-''
The doctor settled back against the soft white pillows and closed his eyes for a second.
After the meal, the car took the pair back to Mycroft's home, a three floor red brick townhouse in a wide, leafy street south of the river. Anthea didn't bother to put her shoes back on, walking up the familiar front steps in her bare feet. Mycroft followed, waiting close behind her as she opened the door with her copy of his key. She crossed the wide hallway, dropping her shoes  to the marble floor with a clatter that echoed loud in the silent house. She put her key back in her bag and dropped her bag with her shoes. Mycroft, behind her, turned on the lights and walked to the kitchen. She could hear him pouring a glass of scotch, the tink-tink of the ice hitting the glass as it dropped from the silver tongs, the glug of the amber liquid leaving the cut crystal bottle. She walked slowly up the stairs to the second floor, where she had a room that was ostensibly for overnight meetings or emergencies, but was more often used for nights like this- late feeds after what they called a 'working dinner'. She changed out of her dress, hanging it up and putting it to one side to be sent to her home in the morning. She shook out a pair of soft cotton sweat pants from the wardrobe, sliding them up over her smooth legs and her lace underwear. A thin grey cotton t-shirt and a quick loose plait in her hair made her ready to go back downstairs.
''He shouldn't have solved this- he shouldn't be capable. He's going to want to know about all of them- the others.'' His voice was quiet, resigned to the fact that his carefully constructed house of cards was tumbling down around him.
''I found him, didn't I? What did you do to them?'' his voice broke and he pulled away from his brother's grip. ''You said they were safe- that they went to hospital- how many of them? How many, Mycroft?'
She smiled in response and lifted his coat from the coat stand by the door, holding it out for him as she had done so many times before.
''Its exhaustion, actually. We've been quite busy.'' Anthea hid her smile inside at the falter in both John and Sherlock's step, and closed the door behind them, waiting for the sound of the front door closing before she turned back to Mycroft.
''Half seven.'' She flicked through to the correct email to check the booking, but she already knew the answer.
''Mrs Hudson. I'll deal with the boys.''
''She's got it, Sherlock. Let's just go.'' He led the way out of the house.
''Miss. We're here.'' He smiled a little as she stretched out in the cramped interior of the car, pointing and flexing her toes. She ducked down a little to collect her shoes and wrinkled her nose at the thought of putting them back on, before deciding not to. She stepped out of the car onto the paved drive up to her house and turned back to the driver.
Edit: Sorry but I need another week. It's proving harder to write than I expected and I have no real excuse :( I promise it'll be up by next week.
''Shut up, Mycroft- like you can talk-''
''You should have gone home.  I didn't ask you to stay.''
'Vamps infiltrate the highest levels of power'
''The photos in the house are fake. There's one of the victim with two people who are supposed to be his parents- they both have brown eyes and he had blue. Not possible. And the holiday pictures are photo shopped or something- a man as sick as the dentist thought he was would not have been able to fly. And then the widow couldn't name one holiday they'd been on, even though there are pictures all over the house. She never even looked at them when you asked about holidays.''
She sent a quick text to John Watson, warning him of backlash from anti-vampers. He text back minutes later.
She woke up almost an hour later at a gentle tap from the driver.
''Fine. Do you have an ID on the victim?''
His voice was clear but slower than Anthea knew it usually was, and his movements were more exaggerated than they should have been. She made a note in his file that he had found a new supplier.
''Why are you here? Its half six, you don't start work till seven. You stayed the night- no- you stayed with him? Ugh. Do you have to be so obvious about it?''
''Whaa, Sherlock-'' John pushed the phone's bright screen away , batting at Sherlock's hands and tucking his face back into the pillow. ''Go away. It's too early.''
''Sorry- I- He didn't tell me this was your house- he said it was important- Sherlock- come on.'' The taller man turned away from where he was turning the tins in the cupboard so that their labels were all just off centre and smirked.
With a clinical eye, the doctor looked over the legs and torso of the burned remains.
''I can get changed. You can wait inside, if you want.'' She led the way back up the stairs and into the bedroom, unbuttoning her blazer to reveal the tight red corset underneath it.
John slumped against the wall as soon as he turned the corner onto the busy main street. After a few seconds, he pulled himself together and set off walking down the dark street. Tracking his movements via CCTV, Anthea picked up her phone and sent a quick text. The town car soon pulled up beside him and he had a quick conversation with the driver before getting in, his hand slipping to the back of his waistband before he did. Anthea made a note to check the registration of his gun and make sure it was as untraceable as he thought it was, at least to anyone but Mycroft's team, then called for a car and set off for Baker street. She had a feeling that there would be some feathers to smooth.
''Thank you, Eddie. I know it's been a long day.''
Sherlock was rifling through the suits, checking seams and lengths.
Anthea stopped at the cherry wood doorway to Mycroft's personal office and watched as he activated the biometric sensor to unlock the heavy doors. She waited for him to enter, his footsteps falling silent as he stepped from wooden floorboards to thick carpet, and sit behind the high desk before she spoke.
''Sit down. You'll have questions and it's quite a complicated enough issue as it is.'' He gestured to the plain chair opposite his desk and she sat, placing the file on the desk in front of her. He used one neatly manicured hand to spin it around to face him and flicked it open.
''They stole the identity of a body- paid a fake family to lie for them- they're covering up a murder by showing us the body. Very clever. But not enough- not this time. That thing on his neck- could it be removed? Will the skin underneath be burned or not?''
''Sherlock. What happened?''
''Don't worry Mr Holmes. It'll all be clear soon.'' With an unreadable smile he was gone, the door locking behind him.
''Don't be smart, Sherlock. It's not cute or funny, and your sidekick isn't aware enough to find you clever for it.'' Mycroft turned his back on them and strode across the hall, shutting his office door firmly behind him, leaving Anthea to deal with everything.
The meal was delicious, she was sure, but she barely ate anything, her stomach fluttering at his casual touches, something she wasn't used to but clearly something her body craved without her realising. The night passed quickly, time blurring between one gesture and the next, the meals in front of her changing almost without her notice. When the car pulled back around her skin was warm with anticipation, her dress whispering across her skin in the evening air causing almost more sensation than she could bear, light and teasing. Mycroft's arm on her hand was grounding, a solid presence cool against her skin.
''Are we being watched?''
Anthea smiled at the smug tone hidden behind the unassuming  printed letters and tucked her phone away, allowing her eyes to slip closed as the car drove through quiet streets.
''Dr Watson, I presume.'' Sherlock stepped out of the shadowed doorway and smirked at the little twitch of surprise as the smaller man saw him and made an aborted reach for a service weapon he no longer carried. Underneath the dark coat he had wrapped tightly around his trembling shoulders it was clear that Sherlock wasn't well- thinner than usual, with yellowing skin and hollow cheeks, he looked every inch the stereotypical vampire, except for the slight signs of his nerves and desperation. His hands were tightly clenched on the fraying cuffs of his sleeves and he was shaking all over. It was clear that they had made the right choice with Doctor John Watson- all it took was a quick glance and it was clear he knew what was going on. Anthea relaxed back into her seat, confident in her choice, and watched the two men size each other up.
She settled back as he stood and left the car, relaxing into the seat and snuggling back against the warm leather, pulling her blanket tighter around her shoulders as she watched him enter the Diogenes club. She awoke a little as a shadow in a long coat detached from the wall and followed her employer into the building, always a few steps behind, but close enough to slip through the gilded double doors before they closed. She shook her head a little, taking her blackberry out and sending a quick text to Mycroft's phone.
It's still Wednesday so technically i'm not late? Sorry. I have no excuse. Also, here, have some plot. Not much, but it's there, I promise. Let me know if you liked it. :)
''You have another meeting with the Prime Minister at 12. Shall I order your dinner for half one? What would you like today?"
Your brother is following you. A
''And you got overexcited.'' Mycroft's voice was wry, clearly disapproving of his brother's antics. He shook his head and stood up. ''You'll have to lift him, I'm not putting my back out. He can go in the guest room.''
''Why did you ring me? I don't like phone calls.''
''Yes. That- I will book it. And I'll get you a dress. And shoes. the ones you've been looking at.''
John was tired. A long day at a new doctor's, dealing with crying children and worried mothers had worn him out enough, and returning home to find Sherlock's latest experiment had involved the use of both the shower and the bed, and had rendered both unusable, had been enough for one day. Wandering aimlessly through London's darkening streets he relied on his frown and the still strong frame of his silhouette to keep any potential threats away, not caring enough to avoid dangerous areas or empty alleyways.
''Of course.''  He patted absently at John's leg where it was pressed against his. The pair moved impossibly closer, squashing against each other until there was barely an inch of their sides not touching.
She smiled at him, glancing up through her lashes, the very picture of innocence and docility.
Opening the glass-fronted wine cooler, she chose a bottle of strawberry flavoured rosé and took a step back, letting the door swing closed and hoisting herself up to sit on the island counter, reaching across for a glass and swinging her legs as she poured herself a glass of the expensive pink alcohol. Once her first glass was empty she poured herself another, set it down beside her, and swung her legs forwards, using the momentum to tip herself off the white marble counter.
“I can put their wives between them, but that will mean the French ambassador's wife is next to the Spanish ambassador… she doesn’t speak fluent Spanish, so that won't work…  if I move them both across the table they'll see it as a slight, but they can't stay there- I'll sort it for Monday.” She shook her head slightly, chocolate curls springing neatly off her perfectly tailored jacket collar, and closed the file, pulling up a calendar in its place, only for a bell to ring out shrilly, echoing off the plush interior of the car and bouncing around in the enclosed space. Neither of the occupants flinched at the shriek, Mycroft simply pressing a button on his phone, silencing the noise. He closed his file and set it aside on the smooth leather seat, turning to face Anthea more fully.
Sherlock grinned and turned back to the grey view out of the window.
''Staging an intervention?'' she quipped, taking her mug from Mycroft with a soft smile. The comment earned her a quick grin from John and blank gazes from both Holmes brothers.
''I'm feeling kind.'' He reached into his suit jacket and took out a cheque. He slid it across the table furtively, glancing about in tiny movements, almost unnoticeable. She picked it up, glancing at the amount and trying not to laugh. She folded it in half and slipped it into her bag. She smiled up at him, fuller and more clear, before standing, careful to let her dress billow and flow around her, to make her way to his side. She leant down and kissed his cheek, allowing him to slide his hand across her waist and up her side to the ribbon in her hair. He pulled it free, twisting his hand through her curls as he did so. She pulled away, almost reluctant to continue the game they were playing, and returned to her seat.
''Sherlock?''
''The techs think the fuel tank must have split and diesel spilled- there was an accelerant, at least.  And Mark was a smoker.''
Check his dental records-SH
On the other side of London, Sherlock was standing by the entrance to a garage, arguing with Sergeant Donovan, gesticulating wildly. John was stood at his shoulder, absently leaning out of the way of his partner's flailing hands, looking mostly bemused about his presence at the crime scene. The Sergeant quickly grew bored of the fight, perhaps sensing that she wasn't going to win, and stalked off to berate one of the junior officers.
In the living room, Sherlock flopped back onto the leather sofa, letting his dressing gown fall open. Mycroft turned away and snapped over his shoulder at his brothers confident smirk.
''Sherlock?'' John opened his eyes slowly, blinking in the dim light. Anthea shook her head to wake up and leant forward to help him sit up.
''I think that's enough, gentlemen.'' Anthea's calm tone cut through the loud, brash tenors of the two brothers, causing them both to turn and stare at her.
''You're too high for me to even ask you to explain. Come on. Your address?''
''Thank you. Doctor Watson, if you'd sign this form, please.'' She handed him a short term contract detailing his agreement to donate blood for six months time, barring any serious injury or illness.  He scrawled a rough signature in the bottom corner without reading it and handed it back.
Anthea switched her phone into work mode and organised a security team for John and Sherlock as well as vetting hers and making sure that Mycroft had arranged for his own protection. She followed up a few quick emails as well, before setting her phone to one side and going for a shower. Dressing quickly she chose plainer clothes than usual- ones she could run and fight in. When she sat before her mirror she plaited her hair tight against her scalp so it couldn't be grabbed. This was not the first time there had been worries of attack, and there was protocol.
''Anthea? Is everything alright?''
''Sherlock- you idiot.''
When the digital clock at the top of her screen clicked over to 9:00, Anthea stood up, reaching up towards the ceiling to stretch out her cramped back muscles, and picked up her empty wine glass, leaving her kindle on the chair. Making her way back down the glass and oak staircase to the kitchen she glanced at the food in the fridge and the cupboards before ringing for pizza and refilling her glass for the third time. She crossed back to the fridge and took out one of the new shakes, draining the cup in a few gulps and setting it to one side.
''It's Mycroft's house- he'll be in bed still? He glanced at Anthea on his way past and left the room, walking up the stairs. He got halfway up before something seemed to occur to him and he turned slowly.
''How long have you been alone? A long time?''
''Leaves. It's like he forgets you exist. You're not nearly as important to Sherlock Holmes as you think you are. No-one is. He doesn't do relationships. Or friends. So whatever you think you are, you're not. He doesn't work like that. There was this one girl- some young, pretty thing. Thought he loved her. Then a week later, he's alone again. They never last long. You'll be gone soon too.'' She looked him up and down and sneered. ''Do you even have the money for a taxi?''
''Please put these on.'' He put them down on a gilded table and turned on his heel to leave.
''It's okay- I won't touch you if you don't want me to. But you nearly passed out. Can I get something for you to eat, drink? Meat, a nutrient shake, something like that?'' He looked deeper into Sherlock's eyes for a second before the detective glanced away. ''Are you high?''
''Show off.''
It flashed in the corner of Anthea's screen, part of the heightened surveillance Mycroft had placed on his little brother's phone. She sent it to Mycroft immediately, and slipped her shoes back on to walk through the bland corridors into Mycroft's office.
''You- you are brilliant!'' he stepped forward and wrapped his hands around John, pulling him into his chest for a hug, pressing a quick kiss to the top of his head. John stepped back when he was released, shocked at the affection from a man who sometimes forgot he existed.
''I'm going to marry you. I'm tired of waiting and I know you'll have it all planned out, and it'll change things in the public perception scheme, but-''
''They kidnapped us to invite us to their wedding?''
''Wha-''
Anthea spent the next morning looking through the files Mycroft held on Sherlock, trying to find a reason for her employer's refusal to allow himself to feel in the notes he had made on his sibling. There were many small indications of Sherlock's issues with emotion- instances of him insulting others for allowing themselves to become compromised by relationships, snide remarks about the general population's lack of intellect resulting from their overabundance of complicated feelings. The further back she got, the more vivid the remarks were- until she found out why.
''It's been planned for a very long time. And I got tired of waiting for it to fit into Mycroft's schedule. Speaking of-'' she tapped Mycroft once on the arm, interrupting his silent argument with his brother. ''It's almost time.''
''Thank you, Sherlock. I had figured that out. You're content with your donor?''
''And what do you want me to do with this?
Goodnight, my love-Tia
''Does what?''
''At least they both seem happy.''
John spent the rest of the afternoon making phone calls to dentists and doctors to find the victim's dentist. When he found the right surgery, he learned rather more than he expected.
''Get off my- my- my John. He's mine. You can't have him.'' Pouting like a child looking at his favourite toy in another's hand, Sherlock satin a flounce of silk opposite Anthea, long legs crossed, and tugged John's head from Anthea's lap to his own. The stunned, weakened John just frowned a little at the rough treatment and burrowed his face into the blue silk of Sherlock's stomach. Anthea took a quick photo for Mycroft and left Sherlock half carrying John back towards the bedroom- which she suspected, as Mrs Hudson had insinuated in their earlier conversation, that the two men would be sharing.
She settled more comfortably against him as he sucked the warm, clean blood from her throat, relaxing when he became less tense as his hunger was sated. She closed her eyes, thinking of ways to rearrange seating plans and of the lists of things she needed to do once they returned to the office. Used to the regular feeds, she no longer flinched at the feeling of blood leaving her body, ignoring the odd pull of Mycroft's sucking and the way his skin felt cold against her neck.
Pick him up. MH
''Not yet. Now that I think about it, I might have lost it before we came here. Come, John, we have places to be. Such a surprise seeing you here. Do try not to break his heart. He's already at risk of heart attacks due to his lack of control over his diet.'' He led the way out of the room, stepping around Anthea with a quick glance.
Throughout the day she found herself checking her phone for messages- usually there were one or two, but today her phone remained annoyingly silent. She found herself glancing at the wooden doors of her employer's office as though it would cause him to ignore his brother's rash words and reorient the tentative balance between them.
Sitting together on the couch, Sherlock tapping his fingers on the arm of the chair with one hand and holding John's sleeve with the other, the pair looked up when they heard the door opening for the first time in almost two hours.
John carefully balanced his cup of tea and the coffee he'd made for Lestrade in one hand as he opened the door to the detective inspectors office. He nodded at Lestrade and put the coffee down on the cluttered desk while Sherlock talked without pause for breath, issuing instructions and reprimands alongside insults to the new Scotland yard staff and the public in general. John gave him another two minutes before he stopped him with a hand on his arm and a stern word.
Nothing to worry about yet.
He smiled, absently, not looking at her. He patted her knee, gently, and wrapped his hand around her waist.
They woke up tangled together- her leg tucked between his, his hand resting on her waist, tangled in her hair, hers on his shoulder, on his hip. She woke before him- she always did. She took her sweatpants from the floor and put them on before taking her phone from the bedside table and checking it while she looked for her t-shirt in the mess of bed sheets. After pulling it on she wandered around the room in the morning light collecting glasses, clothes. Tidying and straightening the room. Removing all evidence of last night's tryst. As usual.
''What? They need to learn from their mistakes-''
She slipped the phone into a hidden inside pocket of her tailored jacket and leaned forward to tap the driver's partition with a neatly manicured red fingertip. He twisted to get the address before smoothly turning around in the busy street and setting off swiftly in the same direction as the taxi.
''Sherlock Holmes, cover yourself up. No-one is impressed.''
Once Sherlock was settled and ready on his bed, Anthea instructed John on how best to lie to allow access to his pulsing jugular, and explained where the bite would be. She stepped to one side to allow Sherlock to curl in close to his donor, his long body hunching down over John's neck, and listened to the sharp inhale of shock that accompanied the first bite through the tanned skin.
His voice cut off suddenly in the cold air, echoing eerily from the damp stone walls of the street for a second before fading like the stain of breath on a mirror.
Behind him, Sherlock turned to stare. The officer checked her notes and nodded.
''And doctor Watson. You'll stay?'' Mycroft turned pointedly towards the smaller man, addressing him directly to remind him that there were in fact other people in the room.
Anthea saved her files, and quickly changed her phone to vibrate before putting  it away. “Eddie, screen please.” The driver responded quickly to her quiet instruction, pressing the button to make the opaque screen slide into place between the driver and his passengers. As the mechanism clicked into place the secretary unbuttoned the top two buttons of her cream silk blouse and moved her hair to the side, allowing her employer to pull her closer to him and bite through the scarred skin of her neck, carefully lapping up the blood that spilled from his teeth before it had a chance to stain her collar.
''Sorry- did you want to tell them? I saw you look at the smoke and the engine. Why didn't you say?''
''Right. Um. So, they said you're a vampire? And I'm supposed to be your donor? How does that work then? You just- bite me? Are you alright? You don't look so good-Whoa!''
She smiled a little at the response.
"Dr Watson? You applied for the job as a personal assistant to Sherlock Holmes.'' Anthea smiled easily, knowing the image she portrayed. Weak, gentle, completely submissive. Easy to overpower, easy to outwit. A good image. One she used often with men like John Watson. Men who thought of themselves as honourable and dependable. Easy to manipulate. Easier still to control.
Sherlock sighed, giving his head a small shake.
"If Mycroft thought she was dead, wouldn't his people?" John asked. "What good would selling that information do?"
"You did," Sam said. She'd moved to London the day she'd turned eighteen, leaving him in Bracknell with their mother. At least by that time, their brother had moved away to Liverpool for work.
"Jesus Christ," John said, passing the phone back. "Is that– is it her, Mycroft?
"Ronald Adair was–"
Deep breath, not his, voices right there now and other hands touching him.
He was also aware that this constituted some kind of payback and that he didn't really have any grounds for complaint.
Sherlock paused, giving John an evaluating look, wondering if the doctor knew what he'd revealed then.
22 July
"Check it again," Sherlock insisted.
had never made him feel trapped here.
"I didn't know that, but it's okay. I'm glad you told me. It's nice to know, even now." She smiled, her expression softened, but there wasn't really any sadness in there. "It's been almost eight years, John. It's all right."
"Really," Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes, and John grinned.
"And what is this rather poorly made point?"
"He was a soldier," Sherlock said simply.
"Hmm, that could be a problem, then," Sherlock sighed, tapping his book absently, still not looking up. "One of the nurses at St. Thomas' perhaps? It's not Sandra, is it?"
He crawled over, checking futilely for a pulse, noting the blue tinge on Sherlock's lips, the too-pale hue of his skin. Shaking his head frantically, John pulled off his pack and tilted Sherlock's head back with trembling hands. Trying to work calmly, he checked his husband's mouth for obstructions to his airway, then pressed the heels of his hands on Sherlock's sternum and started compressions.
It might be worth it, if they got anything off the tips.
"It would be a hell of a coincidence."
The victim lay on his back, eyes open to the ceiling, blood soaked into the pillow and sheets and trailing down toward the floor. Not entirely congealed or dried. Mycroft had said an hour on the phone; his brother's assessment was probably correct. The victim was on one side of the king bed and the side closest to where they stood was untouched. The sheets were somewhat rumpled where the victim's movements in his sleep had disturbed them, but they hadn't been turned down.
3 July
He shook his head, abandoning the idea of storming into Sherlock’s office and let himself into his, surprised to find Mary already there.
He leaned forward, nosing the silk aside, keeping his kisses as light as his touch. Sherlock's thigh muscles tensed against John's arm as he pressed upward, hips canting gently, trying for more friction. John eased up in response, earning a low groan, tracing and tickling with his index finger.
know and he’d known before, once, voice following the same path as the sharp note now, loosening the locks around
"You make it sound like we sneak about at night in black ski masks."
He sat up fast, ignoring the twinge of dizziness as he did so, the afghan falling aside unheeded as he twisted around on the couch. Veronique was standing just on the other side of the threshold, wrapped in a light weight black trench coat against the autumn chill. She raised her eyebrows at him, her dark brown eyes bright and questioning.
John nodded silently, thinking of CCTV footage and the photographs.
Assuming it was actually her who had sent the text, of course.
of this would have driven RIRA – and the rest – so far under the ground we'd never had found them again."
He could handle his brother.
"Coming inside?" John asked. There was a pressure on the cushion behind Sherlock and breath against his neck and ear as John leaned against the back of the outdoor sofa.
, stripping away the illusion of his business to reveal Mycroft beneath.
Sandra saw them out and they went down the stairs in silence. Only when they had left the building and were out of earshot did Sherlock stop and put a hand on John's arm, halting him as well.
But abandonment was what
"Well then?" he demanded.
It was the simplest option, but perhaps the most irresponsible.
He remembered others – the puppy and the Frenchman – he’d seen them both but separated like droplets of water suspended on glass, distinct and glittering but then gone, although the puppy came sometimes, or once stretched into more than once, hard to know, didn’t matter. The Frenchman was a faded echo – he caught him sometimes in Sherlock’s eyes or voice or hands, like a remnant laid over or traces that wouldn’t ever quite be shaken away, sinking into Sherlock and staying there, but he hated seeing that, because Sherlock was Sherlock without bits of other people, and even the puppy made him different, but somehow more, amplified – he didn’t like that either, because Sherlock
Most of it wasn't actual video footage, thankfully, but even in the still images or the shots where John couldn't quite make out a face, the names of the clients were splashed across the bottom of the screen.
"They can arrest me," Sherlock pointed out. "You can't."
Sherlock consented to eat a little more slowly but still polished off his large plate before John had got halfway through his food. The fact that he'd eaten it all told John how hungry he really was, how much he was ignoring his body's demands while trying to solve this case. With a sigh, the doctor took his husband's empty plate and put it in the sink. He leaned against the counter, finishing his own supper at a more sedate pace.
be bored. Although Bill was John’s friend and had saved John’s life – something for which Sherlock was grateful – he had never inspired much interest from Sherlock.
"Otherwise why would I what?" John asked.
been in there, the same way Moriarty had, insinuating herself into their space.
get something to eat, right?" he pressed. Sherlock's nose wrinkled but he gave a curt nod, edges of his lips tightening with displeasure. John held his ground, Sherlock's dislike of eating during cases be damned. He was still far too thin for the doctor's liking.
"No, he's been given orders and is carrying them out creatively and efficiently." He glanced up at the bridge again. "We all fall down," he murmured, that familiar smile playing on his lips. John wanted to close his eyes or take Sherlock by the shoulders and shake some sense into him – he was appreciating this. Not the death, John thought, but the detail. Without meaning to, he turned his head slightly, catching a glimpse of Donovan out of the corner of his eye.
hard to match the email locations to his car. Even for us normal people."
It was the last thing either of them needed, especially after such a good day – John had felt Sherlock really being Sherlock again, rebuilding a crumbled confidence that he hadn't ever fully admitted to. It had been working – it
“Do what?” she asked.
And, if he was completely honest with himself – something he liked to avoid when it came to this topic – each of them was still working out how to deal with Mrs. Hudson’s death. John found it easier to leave before the emptiness of the downstairs flat became a physical sensation.
There was no reply and John spun.
Knowing where he’d been treated after being rescued would also have helped. An army base in Afghanistan was the most likely first point of contact, but Mary had written off being able to access that information. As skilled as she was, she wasn’t going to get that information, not without either an unrealistic amount of luck or without being caught and spending the rest of her life in prison.
John sucked in a breath and Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but John beat him to it.
"I will need to put him down to eat," Charles pointed out.
"What else do you remember? What about William McKinney?"
he reminded himself. It was the reason Moran and Moriarty were dead and, as Sherlock had explained, the reason why she hadn't been behind their impromptu trek in Wales.
"My personal life is not your business," Sherlock said, more bite in his voice than he would have preferred.
A sergeant was slumped against the dash, motionless. John pushed him up then took a step back. It was Jamie. His eyes skittered over the mechanic's lifeless form, looking for a bullet wound. He had no idea why he expected one or why he thought it should be in Jamie's neck. His eyes were closed. There were no marks on him.
But they'd at least found the cabbie and had rounded him up. Sherlock let his eyes flicker over the driver through the one-way glass before he entered the interview room. The man was in his early fifties, of Indian descent, and obviously irritated that he'd been pulled off the job. He was scowling, not in the manner of someone on the defensive because he was surrounded by police officers, but in the manner of someone being inconvenienced.
"Go on then," John said, Sherlock's frozen, petrified look only making him grin more. "She wants you to pick her up."
John froze, mind stuttering for a moment before catching up, and he put his cup aside, crossing the room in two long strides to stand right in front of Sherlock.
"Known as 'Kipper' to his friends for reasons I cannot fathom, and last registered signing into the building twelve days ago. While his company had him listed as being on holiday."
"Making a point, actually," John said.
"Didn't what?" John asked. "Run off into the sunset together?"
"Mm, good," John said, dipping his head to work his way along the underside of Sherlock's jaw. The detective gave a small gasp and then a quiet moan, tilting his head back to give John better access. John sucked on the pulse point and felt one of Sherlock's hands weave quickly into his hair, trying to pin him there but he managed to move slowly upwards to suck on Sherlock's earlobe, tugging it gently between his teeth.
"Look what I got," she said, holding up a doll proudly. It was one of those plastic girl's dolls, similar to a Barbie. John had no clue as to what it was called, being so uneducated about dolls that he wasn't even a philistine. It had dark hair and wide, painted blue eyes and was wearing a yellow sundress. Josephine held it in front of her so they could see it, obscuring herself for a moment.
She gave him a wry half smile, tucking the file under her arm and brandishing a piece of paper with her other hand.
She walked herself carefully through the events of that night, starting with the house – a typical dwelling on a typical street, stone with wooden shutters, nothing to distinguish it from the rest of the block.
"Still, you are not me," Sherlock agreed. He pressed another kiss into John's palm and interlaced their fingers, a faint smile touching his lips. "I will deny saying this if you repeat it, but he does not need me, John. He needs you."
He was faking it pretty well, he thought, the movement helping him ignore the pain, the slower pace letting him get a good look around. Sherlock was channelling his inner tracker, following the marks left behind the by the body bag that had dragged Douglas away from the scene his own death.
Three children, all adults now, and more photos in the corridor and in the stairwell going up to the first floor confirmed this. Two daughters and a son – the son was the middle child. Grandchildren from both daughters but not the son, although there was a framed photo of him on a small table in the corridor holding a tiny newborn baby – the first grandchild. Beside that a more recent picture of the couple with all of their grandchildren – a young boy, a toddler girl sitting on the man's lap, and a baby held by the woman.
That kind of game was right up Mycroft's street, and the doctor would have bet their house and all their savings that Sherlock would never knowingly accept such a gift from his brother. They needed a break, but Sherlock wouldn't have copped to that even if John had suggested it, say nothing of Mycroft.
Given the situation, that counted for a lot.
"Yeah, good," John said, rubbing his hands together, mercifully no longer fisting them. "Heather's growing like a weed, of course. Really starting to get the hang of walking now."
just said that she will put her people first if we force her to choose. She wouldn't be so stupid to try that again, John."
Which, according to Mycroft, was meeting to discuss the situation and how to best approach it.
"With Greg."
As soon as the words had left his lips, John realized what he was saying and froze. His stomach twisted and he wished desperately that he could pull them out of the air where they hung between him and Sherlock and erase their existence altogether.
"Well, what the bloody hell did you do this time?" Sam snapped. He knew as soon as he said it that he shouldn't have. He saw the wince of panic on Sherlock's face. But his patience was already strained and he didn't have the energy to be sympathetic.
"I'm not going to break it," Sherlock said without glancing up. John sighed, pushing himself away from the doorframe to cross the room and climb onto his side of the bed. He sat down cross-legged, regarding Sherlock thoughtfully. Sherlock kept his eyes on the bow, his expression unreadable in the low lighting.
"I think so," she said.
"He's in London," he replied firmly.
that he was being taken apart by his partner's gaze because Sherlock had no idea what the hell John was talking about.
He yanked open the door and stepped out, shutting it again behind him harder than necessary so that John looked up from his position at the end of the walk, somewhat startled.
"Does he have any metal in his body?" John repeated. "Any implants you might have stuck in him while he was away?"
"Coffee?"
However much he wanted to deny it, Magnussen's name had sparked much the same response in him, and there were traces of his own reaction to Mycroft's request in Jim's to his. Not entirely the same, but Sherlock had no reason for unpredictability (although it was certainly tempting with his brother).
He tried to get Sam to focus on his breathing and Sherlock picked up the pattern John wanted Sam to follow so that the younger man had some sort of cue. He could tell Sam was trying, sucking in deep breaths through gritted teeth, but he was still breathing too quickly and John worried about hyperventilation.
"Well, I feel like one," he sighed. He got out two mugs and filled the kettle, then looked over his shoulder when he heard his sister come into the kitchen. She pulled him into a hug and held onto him tightly. Sam hugged her back, closing his eyes, some of the anxiety and unhappiness he'd been carrying since the day before evaporating.
The day after that verbal battle, Sherlock had accompanied John to work, setting himself up in the doctor's office and refusing to leave until John had seen the last of his patients. Two days later, following as many sleepless nights, he'd found Sherlock perched on the sofa, a small, velvet-lined case open on the coffee table in front of him, with a full needle resting inside of it.
"And most of the time?"
"We could go out," John said as Harry shooed him into a chair, giving him a sisterly scowl.
"It is," John agreed, holding the door open for Mycroft, who gave him a thin smile of thanks. He was pushing it closed when Mycroft glanced back from the top of the stairs, a familiar knowing look on his face.
Phillips smiled.
"You didn't take me to the hospital," he commented, his voice flat, inflectionless.
Plus, despite it all, he had just been injured in a bomb blast. The doctor in John didn't want to subject McKinney to any more shock.
"Not me!" John snapped.
"I reckoned noon was enough time for us to have a bit of a lie in, then a nice, leisurely breakfast, and we'll be back in London before teatime," John said.
Careful of the blood bag Anthea was still holding over John's head, Sherlock bent and carefully lifted his donor into his arms, setting off up the stairs to the bedroom.
''Of course I love you.'' He stroked a rough hand over Sherlock's chocolate curls, letting them spring back and twisting the bouncing locks around his fingers. Sherlock simply sat, allowing the touch, leaning into it, his eyes sliding closed. Anthea led the way out of the room, Mycroft following.
''Thank you. That wasn't what I wanted- Sherlock's triggered the alarms at my home. I've called a car.'' He looked worried, something Anthea wasn't used to. She grabbed her phone and locked her computer quickly, following him past the cubicle farm of the outer office and ignoring the whispers and stares from employees who had never seen their boss show any kind of emotion, especially not worry.
Mycroft entered the room silently, standing just inside the door in his dressing gown. He raised an eyebrow at Anthea's state of undress and she gave him a quick smile, which caught John's attention from where he had been very studiously watching his partner crawl around the floor.
Her phone held a long list of emails and messages that required responses, ranging from press offices asking for her advice on the many articles that had run that morning, to reporters who wanted a comment for their next piece, to the usual political machinations that required steering in a particular direction. She scrolled through them, getting rid of the reporters and journalists, sending a blanket press statement to the press and publicity teams, and reorganising the political news and events by importance, forwarding the ones that could be dealt with by someone with less demands on their time than Mycroft and his primary team. She finished the journey by searching through cctv of Sherlock's actions over the past few days, sending John Watson a quick text to tell him that Sherlock's cufflink was most likely still at the Chinese they'd eaten at two days before.
She stopped at that one and gave the article a quick scan, worried for Mycroft, but it was mostly nonsense about vampires in the royal family. She could lay that one aside- there hadn't been any royal vampires for generations, the mutation required a purer bloodline to stay strong. The rest were similar- wild accusations with no facts. One alone would be ignorable, but the very fact that there were three in her hands was cause for concern. It suggested a new wave of anti-vampire feelings which could be dangerous for both vampires and donors.
''He panicked. You'll know by now how he gets when he can't be in control.''
Despite the late hour, Officer Hind didn't seem surprised by the knock at her door, following Anthea to the car without comment. The personal assistant walked the silent woman to the door of Mycroft's office and closed the door firmly. Back at her desk she signed in to the secure server and checked the undercover agent's access codes, lining each system access up to a discrepancy in the donor payments. She changed the codes and corrected the flaws. After a few long hours the door to Mycroft's office opened and he passed her a sheet of notepaper as he marched the agent out of the door and into the waiting arms of a security officer.
Anthea walked into the office without knocking, confident and at ease in the house she knew so well, to see Mycroft had got dressed. He was  surrounded by paperwork and files, ignoring it all. His head was in his hands, elbows on the polished oak of the desktop.
The donor is still alive, then? MH
''Yes. Coffee would be nice.''
Anthea stood up, folding her blanket neatly and setting it back on the chair. She led the way to the kitchen, keeping a careful eye on John as they went down the staircase. Mycroft followed, clearly waiting impatiently for something, shifting his hands in what would be called fidgeting in a less controlled man.
''You think you can scare me away? You think I don't already know what Sherlock's like? That I won't be able to cope? That I would ever sign something like that if there was a possibility I'd want to leave? Trust me, Mycroft Holmes. I'm not going anywhere.'' There was a core of steel beneath the soft exterior of the seemingly harmless doctor- a reminder that no matter what his current circumstances, he had been a Captain in the British army, used to his commands being obeyed without question.
There was a scramble of sheets and tanned skin amid a cloud of expletives as John covered himself up. Sherlock simply stared at his brother, naked and unashamed, his hair a tangled mess and his skin flushed from sleep, one eyebrow raised in challenge.
He's an adrenaline junkie with caring tendencies. Healthy enough to donate and lonely enough to accept the position. A
Sherlock stood at the window with his back to her, clearly doing his best to ignore his flatmate and lover. John stood in front of his customary red chair, as though he'd begun the argument seated and stood to demonstrate his anger.
''Your pretty little donor there not using it? Given up pretending she's just your assistant, have you?''
John was silent, staring at his friend.
and that everything gets checked. Come on, I'm sure there's an empty desk out here- ta, Greg, I'll get his report to you by this afternoon.''
''He likes to wait and tell us everything all at once. Thinks it makes him seem smarter. Freak.'' Sergeant Donovan's voice was arch, sneering at the pair crouching among the ashes.
Anthea left the room while Sherlock fed, listening to the soft sucking sounds while tidying the kitchen, re-boiling the kettle and helping herself to a drink of orange.- but only after she'd used litmus paper to check it really was orange juice and hadn't been used in one of Sherlock's experiments. She'd just finished wiping the surfaces down when Sherlock tapped her on the shoulder, still licking blood from his lips, dressed in a thin blue dressing gown over his usual shirt trousers and ridiculously expensive silk shirt.
''Sherlock? What happened? Is it-'' Mycroft dropped to his knees by his younger brother's side, pulling his thin hands away from the limp body of the doctor and replacing them with his own, plumper ones, slumping in relief when he found a weak pulse at the man's throat. The detective and his partner were both rumpled, dressed sloppily, Sherlock in smart black trousers and his usual long black coat, fastened over what Anthea suspected was a bare chest. John was wearing plaid pyjama bottoms and a black hoodie- one that the secretary had never seen either of the pair wearing- she guessed it was from one of the younger Holmes' disguises.
The doctor's eyes slammed back to Anthea at the mention of her blood, who lifted her hair to the side to more clearly reveal the pale scars on her neck, the older ones just think white scars, the fresh ones dark bruises. ''I don't mind it. Doesn't really hurt anymore.'' She smiled a little, remembering the first few times, the sharp pain before the rush of endorphins from Mycroft's fangs. John picked up on her words.
''Then there are the ones who thought they could manage but couldn't. Usually they were desperate themselves- or thought it would be fun. Some wanted the high that comes with the reciprocal chemicals, some wanted a new experience. They didn't last long either. The longest ones are the ones you've marked. The ones who thought they were his friend- or saw him as a charity case. Either way, Sherlock finds any sort of positive attention addictive. He began to form connections- to see bonds that weren't there. He wanted to bond with them for life-''
''We have reservations. And roles to play. No red tie?''
John turned at the sound of a car in the quiet street, aware of his surroundings in a way his army training had never allowed him to forget. He relaxed marginally when he saw the large black car slowly following him down the street. When it stopped he turned to face it, opening his mouth to tell them he was fine. Before the sound escaped his throat he was falling, a tiny white dart piercing his throat in a crude imitation of a vampire bite.
Sherlock turned towards Lestrade as he walked past and took his little black notepad straight out of his hands. Even before the detective inspector had a chance to complain about the theft, John had stepped forward, pulled it out of the taller man's hands and passed it back. Sherlock looked at him, shocked and confused about the irreverent treatment.
He took one long, slow look at her, up and down, lingering slightly on the painted red smile, the shiny black stilettos. His eyes snapped back to hers the second he realised he was taking too long. A lonely man as she had suspected, but at the same time self aware enough to know he was rude, and not caring enough to stop it. Just the type of man they were after. Rude enough to put up with Sherlock's behaviour and self aware enough that in time, he would begin to influence and control Sherlock's more socially unacceptable tendencies. He stepped heavily into the car, resting his weight on his right leg and favouring his left. Anthea filed that detail away for later scrutiny. His file showed no history of injury in that leg. Possibly a physical manifestation of post traumatic stress disorder as a result of emotional trauma during his military service.
After a long day of meetings, Anthea was tired of the forced public smile she had to wear in front of the officials, ambassadors, politicians and lawmakers of Mycroft's office. Holding a polite smile and being easy, forgettable, even as she was groped, leered at, ignored. It was draining. The smile she wore for Mycroft was always easy, and she looked forward to a relaxing evening where neither of them would have to hide.
''Will that be all, Mr Holmes?''
This chapter is for Insomniac2010 who asked in a comment about Sherlock and John's first meeting- This is for you, Insomniac, hope you enjoy!
''Listen, Sherlock- the victim's dentistry records don't match- you know how Molly said he's missing teeth? The victim isn't- and he's been ill. The dentist said he had been talking about appointments at the hospital. Palliative care. Sherlock?- Oh piss off.'' He hung up on the dead air and saw a text from seconds earlier-
''Of course. Book the car for half past six and we'll have drinks first. Two hours for eating- I'll want to feed by ten, of course. There's a new shake in the fridge, should replace the lost nutrients faster than the one you're on now.'' He waved his half eaten slice of toast towards the mini fridge by her desk. The fridge door, unlike the others on this floor, was opaque, hiding the fact that the unassuming white drinks fridge also contained at least a pint of carefully stored blood, ready for Sherlock to visit unexpectedly and demand feeding.
(See the end of the chapter for
He walked around the desk and pulled the ear bud out of the detective inspector's ear.
''You love me.'' It was loud in the quiet room. His voice was shocked, almost disbelieving.
''Almost all of them. Twenty three. You always go too far- and I promised I'd protect you.  I always will, Sherlock. You weren't ever supposed to find out- you don't usually care. I can get you the reports.''
The tie he wore was black against the grey of his shirt, the darkness of his clothes bringing out the ginger in his hair.
“It's my fault, my dear, I apologise, I was hungrier than I thought. You stay here, I'll go into the meeting alone.” He tucked the file he had been studying back into its bag and twitched out the wrinkles in his jacket.
Anthea returned to work as usual, doing as she was asked and carefully monitoring the lives of both Holmes brothers and John Watson. She split her computer screens- one for working, the other segmented, showing cctv from all over London, monitoring Sherlock's activities and his investigations into the burned body.
''Yes. Thank you- shall we have dinner later?''
''Morning, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson. Did you need something form that office?''
''Molly sent the picture. Look- scars. He's a donor. We have to go get Lestrade.'' He whirled away from the bed, his dressing gown flaring out behind him as he opened the doors of the wardrobe, selecting a dark suit, already matched with a shirt and hung together, a habit he had never managed to break from a childhood of staff and unreasonably high standards. John rolled over and propped himself up a little to watch him dress, smiling as Sherlock noticed him in the mirror and turned so he could see more clearly.
Anthea interrupted his thoughts as he frowned back at the empty vial again. ''You're still thirsty?'' He nodded at her a little, absently, before going back to his pacing.
The peace and gravitas of the Diogenes club startled Doctor Watson into acquiescence as Anthea led the way through the oak-panelled hallways, her heels barely making a sound on the carpeted floors while his worn out shoes dragged across the fibres, loud in the silence. He took the seat she offered, declined the drink, and stayed still and rigid throughout her explanation of the supernatural world. He seemed to know some of the details, but not enough to suggest previous close contact with a vampire. Anthea thought it may be a product of the very basic training given to medical professionals to help them treat the supernatural, but it seemed to be more detailed that the training usually required.
''Oh- yeah, of course I'll stay.''
''Mark Horton, 42. It's his garage. His wife says he was working on the truck, and it must have slipped off the jack and crushed him. She says he'd been acting odd lately, but we've not found any enemies, and there's no sign of foul play so far.''
Once she had enough ready for Sherlock to collect after he was done antagonising his brother, Anthea turned her thoughts to the new problem: how to find someone who wouldn't panic at the thought of donating blood to a vampire, a subspecies  which the modern world viewed with disgust and often terror. Lost in thought, she startled slightly as her phone vibrated again.
Sherlock stopped in his attempts to tip the last few drops of blood out of the vial at the sound of the panic in his donor's voice.
''You know my brother has a history of emotional instability-''
''Greg? You can hear all this, right? Greg?''
He took it from her hands and tapped her waist so she'd turn. Lifting her hair in one hand he gathered the curls to the base of her neck and tied the ribbon, the ends trailing over her shoulders like blood.
(See the end of the chapter for
''I'm done. He's shaking. Make him stop. And he tastes better than you do. Why is that?''
''Ah, so it worked then. Good. Mycroft will be pleased.'' She ignored John holding his jacket out and stepped just a little too close the Sherlock, pleased when he held his ground, refusing to move back.
''You hurt him and I will personally see that you are fired, do you understand? You think you're so clever, tricking him like this-he'll see through you, he always does. But I don't- I know you're lying to him-''
'Well that made everything better. Do we get changed?''
''It's already in your bank. I'll meet you at the door in an hour, if you'd call the car?''
''Over what now?''
Once the flat was as clean as it could be without fumigation, case notes organised and stacked neatly on the desk,  Anthea let herself out of the front door, locking it securely behind her with one of the five keys on her key ring. Anthea slid across the custom leather of the unassuming black car, quickly told the driver to take her to home, after a glance at the dark sky littered with stars, and unlocked her Blackberry. She opened a text to Mycroft.
Anthea told the driver to wait and settled back in her warm seat, switching on the live cctv feed from the strangers room in the Diogenes club. It showed a flickering, grainy picture of the two men at first, but she quickly typed a few pass codes to raise the quality of the image she received to their full potential. The cameras were of course completely illegal, but Sherlock was hardly going to press charges against his own brother, and even if he did, there would be no proof it was Mycroft's doing- there never was. She kicked off her heels and tucked her feet up beside her on the seat, turned her attention to the two men on the screen and watched as Sherlock prepared himself for what was sure to be a dramatic entrance- lurking in the dark corners of a room was something he had clearly picked up from his older brother.
The car was quiet, the silence comfortable, broken only by the tap-tap of Anthea's sharp edged nails on the keys of her phone and the rattle of pages turning as Mycroft rifled through the file on his younger brother. The driver pulled smoothly into a space a few doors down from Speedy's. Anthea slid across the seat and opened the door, standing to one side as Mycroft stepped out behind her. She followed him through the unlocked front door, past Mrs Hudson, and up the worn stairs, stepping around a pair of work boots on the landing. The living room was empty, cluttered as usual, but there were signs that someone had at least tried to tidy it up a little- piles of neatly stacked magazines on the floor instead of a jumbled heap, a sink piled high with dirty dishes instead of half eaten meals scattered around the whole flat.
'2/7- Sherlock thinks he's in love.
She put all three papers in her bag and took a  quick shower before pulling out her favourite dress- tight and deep red. A dress for getting things done. Coupled with a pair of skyscraper louboutins and a soft curled bun she was ready to face whatever the world, and Mycroft, asked of her.
She unbuttoned her pale blouse and unzipped her skirt, letting both fall to the floor at her feet. Relaxing out of the upright posture she held herself in for work, she unclipped her bra and let that drop, adding to the pile. Taking a deep breath she stepped out of the pile of clothing and folded at the waist to gather it up,  dropping it into the basket on top of her stockings as she walked past. She folded her garter belt in half and put it on the dresser, exchanging it for her glass of wine with one hand as she snagged her fluffy, tattered dressing gown with the other. Tying the belt around her waist with one glass of wine in her hand and another inside her took some manoeuvring, but she managed it. Her simple- but very expensive- earrings, necklace, and watch went in their places in their carved wooden box. She grabbed her kindle and folded herself into the armchair by the window, using the fading daylight to read as she sipped her wine. After a long day, the simple fantasy of historical romances was an easy escape.
''I think I left a cufflink, would you let us in? Unless Mycroft's hiding naked in there for some kind of role play. You do seem to be playing a lot of games recently.''
The computer screens were bright in the dark of the office space, their glow accompanied only by the thin sliver of yellow pooling under the heavy oak of Mycroft's door. Anthea sat alone in the outer office, the rapid tap of her computer keys and the soft click of her mouse broken only by the pause every few minutes as she took another sip of tea. The clock in the corner of her screen shone 4:36 when she took the last sip of cold tea. She rubbed her eyes and stood up, stretching her back and quickly redoing her hair in its twist.
She turned on her bright red heel and walked away, not looking back.
''Yeah. Just weak and tired. I'll be fine after I eat.''
Meaning? MH
''Gentlemen. Both of you, sit down. Sherlock, don't argue, this isn't the time.'' Her voice was strong, and both men obeyed, Sherlock with ill grace, flopping back into his chair with a huff.
Sherlock reappeared bouncing down the hall to sit back on the settee, almost on top of John, who simply shoved him slightly and allowed it.
''Mr Holmes- oh, Mycroft.'' She shut and locked the door behind her and crossed the thick carpet to his side, using a single red tipped finger to lift his chin out of the cradle of his hands.
''You'll get used to that feeling- it'll get better as the skin gets thinner... Right.'' She reached into her jacket pocket, pulling out a tiny packet of antibacterial wipes and wiping the bite mark clean. As the endorphins of Sherlock's saliva began to fade from his system, he began to sober up, wincing at the sting of the disinfectant. He propped himself up on the thin pillows.
Mycroft headed straight through the kitchen towards the bedroom at the back of the flat. He knocked once on the door and opened it without waiting for an answer.
As the car slowed to a halt outside the carved sandstone facade of the Diogenes, the doctor slid slightly back in his seat, straightening up as if preparing for battle. Anthea hid her smile. So far, he had behaved exactly as she expected, although if he didn't do something unexpected soon, she would have to lower her expectations of his ability to cope with Sherlock.
''We are. Shall we give them something to write about?''
Can you remove the neck brace- send me a photo. SH
''You were very prepared for this, me passing out, I mean- does- do you-''
Anthea turned to her employer and nodded once. Mycroft smiled a small, calculating smile and focused his gaze on the unassuming doctor.
Pulling a face at Sherlock behind his back wasn't the most adult thing John had ever done, but it made him feel better about following the bossy detective into the middle of the chaos.
''We are having good sex. We would be having more sex if you weren't here.'' Sherlock clearly delighted in horrifying his brother.
''He hasn't done that for a while now.'' His voice turned quieter, softer, as he flicked through the lists of names and dates. ''I think he came to understand, incorrectly, that he'd always be alone- he's so used to it. Being supernatural and being, well, Sherlock- it hardly makes for an appealing life-partner.'' He ran his finger down the list, tapping at the final entry- Doctor John Watson. ''But now- we'll have to monitor the situation closely- and supervise a bond attempt. But this one... '' His voice trailed away, the softness vanishing as he closed the file and placed it to one side.
She walked into the office the next morning and went straight to his door, opening it without knocking and marching to his desk. He looked up at once, almost panicked.
She slipped soundlessly through the heavy doors into Mycroft's office and nodded at his bleary stare. She pulled a dark plastic box from under the office sofa and rested it on her knees as she sat down. Opening the box she took out a small syringe and needle, a pair of small plastic vials, and a packet of wipes. She wiped the soft skin inside her elbow clean and screwed the first vial to the syringe to begin filling it with blood.
''Thank you for the coffees, and the muffin, and the lunch.''
''And what would you have me buy with this?'' She waved the cheque at him.
He reached into the storage compartment and pulled out a small blanket, the fluffy white fabric almost comedic against the black leather interior of the town car. She pulled it around her shoulders and leant back against him, pulling her hair back, using the ribbon from her wrist to tie it back. He kissed her temple in a rare show of affection as she let her head tip back against his shoulder, breathing in against the slight scratch of his teeth slicing through the skin of her neck. When he was done she took a wet wipe from the storage console and wiped her skin clean, careful of the healing scar. She stayed tucked up against Mycroft's side, warm and comfortable, almost asleep.
''There's a riot brewing out there, Greg. Can't you hear it?''
'High stakes relationships- 70% of vampire human relationships end in death'
After explaining the job to the doctor, Anthea let him alone. He seemed sceptical, but was growing more and more open to the idea as he took in the clear benefits and the chances the position would offer him. She nodded once in a silent greeting to Sherlock, waiting in an alcove, as she left the office, and he quickly slipped through the door as it shut behind her. She returned to the car to wait for the verdict.
''Mycroft.'' He turned to face her fully, focusing his considerable mental capability on her next words- often something she found off putting, but occasionally, like now, very flattering.
''Playing to stereotypes? The poor maiden in the corset, ravished by the rich vampire?''
The next morning Anthea woke to a crash and the sharp tinkle of glass falling down hardwood stairs. She wrapped herself in her dressing gown and stepped slowly towards the door, pulling her arms in tight against her chest as the cold wind blew through the shattered window and into her room. The rock that had broken it had scratched the stairs and left chalky marks on the wall. Anthea pulled her head back into her room and sat back on the edge of her bed, pulling her phone from it's charger and dialling the first speed dial.
When Mycroft pulled up outside Anthea's new house she was waiting in the doorway, silhouetted by the glow from the living room. He walked slowly up the path, glancing from her head to toe.
She unfolded the cheque from the night before, holding it so that Sherlock could clearly see the ridiculously large amount over her shoulder before folding it back up. Mycroft raised a single eyebrow at his brother, interrupting the silent conversation he was trying to have with a very confused Dr Watson.
Please find him a donor. MH
''Well- you know what that means- he asked some of them if they would- some said yes, some no- but either way, he's always been used to getting what he wants. He tried to bond- taking more blood, planning to transfuse his own back afterwards- without understanding properly what he was doing, drunk on the excess of blood. It never ended well.
''Sherlock- don't do this now-'' John stepped in front of Anthea and gestured for Sherlock to come back down the stairs. ''You've got the milk, you've annoyed your brother, let's just go before he realises you're here.''
Mycroft dropped his gaze from his little brother's face.
''Isn't that what I'm here for?'' John looked a little unsure, but determined to go through with the job he'd been hired for. Perseverance and bravery- more characteristics to tick off on Anthea's mental  list. Sherlock spun on his heel, dark curls bouncing as he fixed his gaze on the soft skin of John's neck. Anthea interrupted as he took a step forwards.
''I thought it was tradition for the bride to be hidden till the church?'' Sherlock looked the bride in question up and down, his gaze lingering on the red sash.
He flinched slightly at the impersonal address, she usually simply skipped calling him anything when in the office, as it was clear enough that she was speaking to him. She only ever used his surname in order to clearly delineate between work and home. He gave a tiny nod at the request for information, as though he'd expected it but wasn't looking forward to the discussion.
''No. I've decided something.''
''Good morning Dr Watson. I see you've recovered?''
The politician was trying his best to restrict the amount of blood he took, but he had been away from his donor for days and was unusually hungry, so when he finally stopped taking blood, his secretary had fainted, slumped across his lap. It wasn’t a new occurrence, so he just pulled the blanket from under the chair, tucked it around her as he moved her to be led more comfortably across his knee, and cleared up the bite mark on her neck with a wipe from her bag.
She met him at the door, black skirt and white shirt hiding her body from his gaze once more. She handed him the briefcase for the day and a flask of tea for the journey and opened the door for him to lead the way to the car.
She rolled over to face him, amused by how young and how unintimidating he looked in sleep. She left him to rest and crossed the house naked to get her clothes from her room. Which would have been fine, had Sherlock not been in the process of trying to break into Mycroft's office. She took a deep breath and decided to act as though nothing was wrong. Sherlock blinked once or twice and stared for a second before John tugged on his arm and he looked away.
''But it's a diesel engine- this is a petrol fire. The smoke is all wrong- petrol fires burn faster. And it takes a lot of energy to start a diesel fire- it wouldn't start with a cigarette- and it wouldn't have spread as far. This is a petrol fire, started on purpose.'' The officer turned and started issuing orders for samples to be taken and tests to be run. John nodded once and turned back to Sherlock, looking surprised to be the focus of the vampire's attention.
''Thank you. Now. Sherlock, why did you leave John at the crime scene?''
There were five or six entries that ended in the same way- donor drained. Sherlock seemed to get attached to his donors very easily and often asked about bonding- two entries ended as failed bonding attempts- resulting in the donor being drained. So this was why Mycroft had requested someone with a history of violence- someone who would be able to fight Sherlock off- even through physical pain.  She highlighted the important sections- including each time a donor left in suspicious circumstances, printed the document and stood up. Taking a deep breath and squaring her shoulders, she knocked once on the oak panelled doors and walked into Mycroft's office.
Finally- A case!
''He's lost a lot of blood, Molly said- more than was at the crime scene. And we know he's been dead a while. Could he be- you, know like me? A donor?''
That's it! All done! This is the first proper fic i've ever written, so thank you to everyone who sent comments or kudos- you definitely made this worthwhile. Special thanks to insomniac2010 for comments and kudos and love- hope you liked it!
