“They’re right you know,” John had said, apparently just sitting on the edge of the bed in his boxers at this point.
So John had gone about his day seeing patients. He'd handed out the usual diagnoses and prescriptions and encouraging smiles: “You’ll be fine.”
John thought the information that his role would be ‘imperative’ for an appointment with a prostitute did not bode well. “Where are we meeting her?” he asked warily.
“Abroad, yes, but in London…” Sherlock rolled his shoulders to stretch them and stood. He turned around and leaned back against the table. “His closest agents were—still are—well protected. Moriarty would have known that his death was a possible outcome of our confrontation. Clearly, as he showed with vivid performance, it was an outcome he was not entirely averse to. Of course he would have prepared his closest operatives with instructions to carry out should he not return. We know he must have had powerful allies here in London, but there’s no evidence connecting anyone to him.”
Sherlock stood still for a moment. It was annoying that John was still angry about the suicide hoax. He thought they had settled that a long time ago. Sherlock had tricked John into forgiving him in a bomb Tube car, hadn’t he? So why had John continued to think about it? He wasn’t supposed to continue to think about it.
“Yes, yes, you are always ‘simply.’ Everything is simple with you, isn’t it? It must be so bright and clear inside that simple head of yours. A cloud drifts past, birds sing, a butterfly flutters by…”
John reminded himself sharply. The young version of Sherlock he’d met in the garden was a figment of his own imagination. It was a highly realistic figment, based on the childhood photographs he’d seen (the outfit the boy was wearing was the same one he wore in a photograph on his parents’ living room mantel, the ten-year-old glaring at the camera as though whoever touched the button would have hell to pay) and his memories of what Sherlock had told him (“Mycroft hasn’t been any fun since he gave me lasers to play with,” Sherlock had complained after one of Mycroft’s unwelcome visits to Baker Street), but it was an illusion all the same. The words the child had spoken were inventions of his own mind.
"I'm Sherlock," Sherlock had said, offering his hand stiffly to the tall, auburn-haired gentleman, who shook it warmly.
. Sherlock. Heavy breaths echoed in his ears as they broke through years of tension, years of building need: half unconscious, half willfully ignored, now turned feverish.
Sherlock had called him from the wedding. Why? Of course John and Mary didn’t care whether he attended. No, Sherlock only called when he needed something. And maybe that day at that wedding his little brother had needed him. The two of them could have stood in the doorway disparaging the wedding guests who had the audacity to enjoy themselves at such a staged, specious and affected ordeal. But for Sherlock the mockery would be just as contrived and hollow as the reception. This time his primary reason for hating the wedding would not have been based on principle. It would have had everything to do with losing John. And Mycroft had no interest in humouring his brother by standing with him on the periphery of the party and allowing him to play pretend.
Sherlock guessed it was a rhetorical question and stayed silent. For a moment there was nothing but the sound of the wind rising off the cliffs and the sea below.
“Yeah, I should.” But John didn’t move. Instead he looked at Sherlock with dilated pupils and the subsequent wave of norepinephrine flooded his veins with such sudden force that Sherlock nearly jumped back, dropping his arms and turning away.
Lestrade wished he could say his relationship with Sherlock had warmed after the incident at the hospital, but really it hadn’t. The only noticeable difference afterward was that Sherlock plainly preferred to work with him, being almost
John gave a short, humourless laugh. “I’m going to have a hard time believing anyone is dead after this.”
From his position on the dance floor Sherlock watched John closely over Mrs. Hudson's shoulder. He was doing all right, only occasionally fumbling the steps. He had the same stiff posture as he'd had during his wedding dance. Sherlock had
He’d been fooled by his own brain’s red herring, even while it tried to hint the deception to him. Even the contemplation of Moriarty's death had only been a piece of what his mind was doing.
John couldn’t help laughing. It felt good. Really good. He took off his coat and he let the thick drops soak through his shirt. When he glanced over he saw Sherlock watching him.
"Hypoperfusion,” John cut in. “The organs don’t receive enough oxygen, the body goes into shock and shuts down.”
“I couldn’t,” John continued, still not looking at Sherlock. “I saw you on the roof and I froze. I couldn’t… You told me you were a fake and I tried to argue with you. That was one argument in our whole
The men disappeared through one of the various doors leading off of the warehouse’s main space, and the lackey who remained behind brought over a chair. Sherlock knew there was no use trying to fight. The sniper at the door was still in position, and when he looked up he could just see the outline of two more snipers in the shadows of the rafters. He wondered if the Russians had noticed them. They probably hadn’t. People never notice anything.
“Sherlock,” John said, blinking up at him. His heightened skin sensitivity was making the rain feel very interesting. “What was—What was
Sherlock leaned against the kitchen doorjamb. “I fail to see how chatting with a bunch of unattractive, half-braindead people who don’t really like you can be considered an enjoyable night out.”
So John busied himself with his first opportunity to re-establish his old Baker Street Sunday routine: laundry, tea, and newspaper, Tesco (Sherlock’s favourite biscuits, not Mary’s), and a stroll through Regent's Park which concluded at the dry cleaner's. Picking up Sherlock’s dry cleaning was not something he’d ever intended to do, but he’d found, to his horror, that Sherlock had a habit of dropping off his clothes, forgetting to go back, and simply buying new ones. That kind of waste (especially of really
“Yes, there’s a reason!” Sherlock snarled, whipping around to face the DI. “There’s always a reason! I do not do actions without reasons. Frankly it’s astounding that you don’t know this yet. Really, Lestrade, how long does it take you to learn anything? You must’ve spent ten years in secondary school. Miss and Mr. Bauer are involved in my murder investigation. If they have a problem with that, they can file a complaint with themselves, because it’s their own fault for living their inane, stupid lives in a way that has put them directly in the way of
he wanted to say because he wanted Sherlock not to hurt. But his mouth wasn’t responding. The fog was settling back down, pressing in around him.
He began to play from memory. He knew some songs so well he could put his hands on autopilot, muscle memory freeing his mind to consider any problem undistracted. The piece was complex, the bowing fast and complicated, but he’d repeated it so often in youth the notes came to him instinctively.
“If you expect nothing from Mycroft, you’ll never be disappointed,” Sherlock said, reading John’s thoughts again. He raised his arm and a taxi pulled to a stop in front of them.
Of course he enjoyed being out on a case as much as Sherlock did, but whenever he had missed Sherlock—when he thought Sherlock was dead or while his marriage was unravelling—it was the memories of their quieter nights in that came back to him the most frequently.
“Can I—?” John asked hesitantly, eyes flicking down to the scar on Sherlock’s chest. He hadn’t actually seen his flatmate with his shirt off since—since the incident.
“Send me a text though”—John placed Sherlock’s phone on the bedside table—“Don’t strain your voice.”
John shook his head. That was the problem with logic. You could have a perfectly logical explanation for something and still be completely wrong. But for Sherlock logic functioned so accurately in his work that the (in some ways, surprisingly naïve) detective hadn’t quite learned how it can fall apart in life.
His eyelids were heavy and he struggled to look up. When he met Sherlock's eyes John felt a jolt through his body, a shock briefly pulling him back from the brink of sleep. For a moment he was awake again, looking up into the detective’s face. And suddenly it was worth it. The dizziness, the wound, all of it. Was he wounded? He didn’t feel any pain, but he must be. Why else would he be lying in the street? Why would Sherlock be here holding him like this? It didn’t matter. It was worth a wound; it would have been worth many wounds to see that expression on Sherlock Holmes’ face. His usual mask of cold and arrogant indifference had vanished completely, and John had a window into a depth of emotion he would have never thought possible. And it was for him, John understood in amazement. Sherlock’s eyes were wet and he was looking at John like he loved him.
necessary to please a sexual partner. He assumed that would mean hurting John, and he wouldn’t do that either.
Sometimes it seemed like Sherlock’s pale eyes could really cut his skin. "So you work at the surgery to get away from me."
He had only meant to be doing reconnaissance work tonight. He knew drugs were being stored for mass distribution. The plan had been to find the supply and connect it back through Moran by piecing together an information trail. The plan had not, admittedly, been to find Moran simply standing in the middle of it. The encounter went against the balance of probability. His timing was really was off tonight.
Sherlock looked ready to protest but then seemed to reconsider, probably also realising the unpleasantness of wet fabric against the drug-induced sensitivity of his skin.
“By the way, if you’re planning to be naked all day I should warn you Mrs. Hudson’s threatened to come up with tea in an hour.”
All had gone relatively smoothly—excluding a few outbursts: failed tests that required her to shield the equipment with her body in order to keep him from smashing it—until now.
He laughed, giddy from the excitement of the night. Going undercover to meet a prostitute, getting thrown out of a brothel—his nights with Sherlock... Well, he was never bored.
"I didn't think anything of it until yesterday," she continued. "We got another body in with almost the same pattern of scarring, also on his thighs." She handed her phone to Sherlock. He held it up, swiping through to see the photos. He passed the phone to John.
Dark eyes regarded him curiously for a moment. Sherlock shifted his weight, leaning into him, and John could feel a brush of his curls against his cheek. Almond. The scent brought him back to the morning and the living room floor.
“And it didn’t occur to you how it would be for me—having you take off like that. Not hearing from you for days after—”
"Did you call her?" Sherlock asked, finding as he said it that his brain had been following two tracks of thought simultaneously.
The experiment was necessary, he believed, because John was too close to him. Sherlock had never been a constant presence in anyone’s life before. Based on his peers’ reaction to his presence for even short durations he concluded that prolonged exposure to him must be significantly detrimental. And he needed to know. He wanted evidence—measurements, exact numbers—that could tell him how adverse his presence in John’s life had been, and how much John’s life would be improved without it.
“Right,” John said, following just behind him, “your experiments always go swimmingly. Like the time you turned the living room radioactive. Great leap of progress for science on that one.”
John was awakened around three o’clock in the morning by Sherlock’s tossing and turning. John sat up, blinking away sleep and looking over at his flatmate. He was awake, breathing heavily. He tossed onto his right side, but John put his hand on his shoulder, easing him on to his back.
It was a large, luxurious room. The bed was certainly big enough for three people, and if there were any force on Earth that could erase that last observation from his mind he would've happily paid for it.
Sherlock was sunk in his chair, arms dangling over the armrests, eyes closed, legs stretched out in front of him. John’s footsteps on the stairs brought him up from his dense network of thoughts.
And wasn’t it possible… The way John looked at him, the way he touched him… Sherlock stamped the thought down before it could go any further. Even if it were possible that John could want to be with him in that way (despite the doctor’s peculiar hobby of announcing his heterosexuality at every opportunity), first, regardless of what he was now acutely aware that he wanted, romantic entanglements had never been an option for him. He couldn’t have his mind palace flooding with Feelings for John all the time. They hadn’t even kissed tonight and still his mind was a disaster zone. It was out of the question; he wouldn’t be able to think clearly; he wouldn’t be able to work; he could lose important documents in floodwaters. He needed to get the mess in his head cleaned up as soon as possible if he wanted his cognitive functioning back on full power.
John sighed, shutting his eyes. “And I know who he’ll tell it to first,” he said, pushing himself off the wall.
The Ricoletti case had reminded him of Moriarty's own death of course, but that had been the point from the beginning. In fact it did remind him of
Sherlock sat up again. “Stay,” he said, possibly more forcefully than he meant to, because he cleared his throat and tried again. “Erm, please stay.” He looked hard at John, who shifted under the intensity of his stare.
“Well, I guess that was one way to get out of there,” John said, rubbing his arm where the guard had gripped it.
He stepped out into the corridor and found the walls there similarly altered. John followed as Sherlock walked through the palace, inspecting his new design. It had been accomplished flawlessly. The rooms were completely dry. The water cascaded harmlessly down the walls into depths below the floor. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t thought of this before. The reason his emotions for John had caused such chaos in his mind was because there was no space for them, and they were too powerful to be locked away.
John didn’t respond, probably thrown by the contrast between the intensity of Sherlock’s hesitation and the innocuousness of his statement.
The rain picked up and was coming down heavily by the time they reached a main road where they could catch a cab.
aren’t they? Following you around with those puppy eyes, all admiration and ardour…” Moriarty looked faintly disgusted. He replaced the expression with a smirk. “I’m sure even Samuel Johnson couldn’t look at his without a certain amount of
John froze as Sherlock moved, shifting his hips closer, knee sliding further between his legs. He rested his hand on John's waist and John swallowed hard. But Sherlock settled and resumed the same pattern of steady breathing. Relief uncoiled the muscles that had tensed, prepared to spring back in an instant.
“How we can get him to take off his trousers for us.” He intertwined his fingers and squinted at the page.
He remembered the study that found increased brain activity in coma patients who could hear familiar voices. The patients who were constantly spoken to by family and friends recovered significantly faster than those who heard unfamiliar voices or silence.
John reached to touch the scar, but his eyes darted to Sherlock’s face for confirmation. Sherlock was simply watching him. He didn’t say no. John lightly brushed over the spot on his chest. After just over a year the scar had flattened and faded. The ring was silvery white now. He remembered when it had been gushing red. He remembered Sherlock on his back, on the floor of Magnussen’s office—he blinked hard to shut out the image, but he couldn’t help the surge of hatred toward his ex-wife that coursed through him. It was smooth, youthful, unblemished skin torn open, ripped apart. It had healed well but it would never heal entirely. A beautiful body forever marred by
Sherlock started when he found John standing at his side. “It’s not quite as moving when he says it with the ducky hat on, is it?”
Like atheists who, when confronted with death, find themselves asking god for help. Fear can make a believer out of anyone. She died within the week, and he understood: Fear can make even the most intelligent people stupid.
Fuming, John went to sit in his chair. He grabbed the morning’s newspaper and read impatiently. More than a few minutes later Sherlock was walking into the living room, overdressed in a smart suit as usual, and towelling off his hair.
He was shocked when she wouldn’t agree to give him the information unless he met her for coffee. She had something to say to him. John was on the verge of telling her he’d have no trouble finding a divorce lawyer elsewhere when she said, “John, please. I think it’s important.”
“It was lovely to spend the day with you, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson beamed. “Let’s do it again sometime, shall we?”
“You could at least tell me what he has planned,” Sherlock grumbled. “The hero is entitled to a revelation of all the secret plots before he dies. Hollywood says so.”
When Sherlock was talking to him while he was unconscious he’d mentioned something about dishes. John had thought it was his own confusion but what if—had Sherlock…? The sentence came back in full: “If you come back I promise to put the dishes in the sink.”
He looked over at John and saw him gazing at Sherlock with rapt attention. Lestrade bit his lip in agitation. Maybe John was secretly a Zen master, skilfully trained in the art of patience. He furtively glanced sideways again to recheck John’s expression: still captivated. On the other hand maybe John wasn’t so much enlightened but simply mad as a March hare. For all he knew John was currently mistaking Sherlock for a football match. He shook his head and decided that waking up at five was not good for his reasoning processes.
Sherlock was standing in front of him looking a world apart from the ordinary. One of the beautiful people—his intelligence a palpable energy, the potential for danger woven through his genes.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and John grinned. “That's right, I know all about your and Mycroft’s term for ordinary people. And I can tell you it’s a very popular pastime for goldfish to meet together in pubs every once in a while.”
“Sorry, I have to make a call.” John ducked out of the room and leaned up against the hallway wall, searching for Mrs. Hudson in his contacts.
John cocked the gun and Moran looked up. He smiled, a look of recognition crossing his face. He opened his mouth and John shot him through the forehead before he could say his name.
It wasn’t seldom John wondered how it was possible that this man, who was so wholly extraordinary, had chosen
He tasted sharp, like vodka and like lemon. He stepped forward, pushing John harder into the wall, forcing his head to tilt up and his jaw to open. Sherlock dragged his tongue along the side of John’s, and John’s head swam with the sensory overload. The scent of his skin—that expensive soap, lemongrass: earthy with a hint of spice like ginger—the alcohol on his tongue, the pressure of his lips, the strength in the grip on his shoulders, the rain sliding down his neck—
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back into focus and John savoured the look of surprise on his face when he realised the woman he’d been absently watching was directly in front of him on all fours. She turned around, shaking her arse for him.
He put his palm over the scar on John's left shoulder. John felt the heat of his hand burn into his skin. He’d forgotten he was also shirtless, and was suddenly very aware of what their position would look like if anyone were to walk in. Thankfully it was too late for Mrs. Hudson to come up—she would have been in bed hours ago.
“Trust me when I say I’m just as disappointed about it as you are.” It was a strange sensation, to be physically so relaxed while mentally knowing death was imminent.
Sherlock threw a glance at him before looking back at his laptop. He began typing and John knew he shouldn’t, but the question had been nagging him for years. He hated himself a bit for needing to know. But he did. He needed to know, and he wouldn’t get an opportunity like this again. He decided to throw caution to the wind, and simply hope it wouldn’t get blown back in his face.
He walked around the living room as he played, lost in thought, only vaguely aware of the crunch of tennis racket strings underfoot now and then.
“Wait, this doesn’t mean you have to leave, does it? There are fifteen minutes left. We’re going to win, you can’t—”
Sherlock very often had interesting and important things to say and he needed to say them out loud. He used to talk to the skull, which regarded him eyelessly now.
Sherlock talked to John when he was away because he wanted him to be there. Sherlock left him at crime scenes when there was fast work to be done, and he texted John as soon as he’d done it. Prioritising for Sherlock wouldn’t have anything to do with being polite or coddling, careful communication, waiting around patiently for the sake of someone else’s fragile feelings. That wasn’t in Sherlock’s nature and he respected John too much to affect it. Prioritising for Sherlock would mean fitting John into his work where no one else fit (which he’d done). It would mean wanting John at his side during cases and between them (which he did). It would mean dropping everything if John was in danger (which he’d done). It would mean choosing John over his work, if he had to (which he'd done).
“Solved another one for Scotland Yard then?” John asked, waiting for what he hoped would be a satisfactory explanation for the abrupt end to his latest relationship. “Another threat to the citizens of London to be eliminated?”
Sherlock wondered if Moran spoke Russian. From his lack of attention he didn’t seem to. He was whispering something to the lackey on his left, who stepped behind Sherlock and snapped his wrists into handcuffs.
At the time, he’d counted on John’s anger to distract him from the weakness of his explanation for why he hadn’t contacted him: ‘I thought you’d say something indiscreet.’ A pathetically weak excuse considering Sherlock trusted John with his life; of course he would have trusted him with a secret about his fake death. But he’d taken the risk, and it had worked. John’s anger had been blinding, and he hadn’t questioned Sherlock further about it.
“The answer to that question is the reason I like this case already. Normally people endeavour to make murders look like accidents—”
He dropped his head back down on the pillow and breathed a long exhale. He closed his eyes and willed the memories from last night to come back to him. He’d been drunk, there was no arguing with the dizziness and sticky dry mouth of a hangover, but he hoped not drunk enough to have blacked out entirely. Today was Friday, he remembered. No shift at the surgery, thank god. He rubbed his hands across his eyes as though it could stimulate thought. What happened last night?
“Why do you do that?” John asked, following him to the entrance of the building next door to their victim’s.
Sherlock dropped slightly down onto the edge of the kitchen table and John stopped with some astonishment. He hadn’t been aware that he was walking Sherlock backward, pushing him back toward the table. He stood between Sherlock’s legs taking a moment to appreciate the image before him. It was like nothing he had ever seen. Sherlock was beautiful, breathtaking: breathing heavily, lips swollen and pink from kissing, pupils blown wide, eyes never leaving John’s face.
When John arrived home from his meeting with Mycroft he tripped over an ice skate and fell forward into a stack of
John sighed and Sherlock felt his chest rise and fall. "I'm going to have to leave soon," he murmured.
what you can’t believe about tonight?” Sherlock said, looking up from the screen. He did not like his work overshadowed.
John’s skin felt numb. Spots danced on the periphery of his vision. He supposed he should have sat down. But wasn’t it—? It was Sherlock running toward him. Why was he running? It didn’t seem necessary. John wasn’t moving. He was standing perfectly still. Or, more accurately, he was falling. He didn’t realise it until Sherlock caught him.
“Oh, all right, now you’ve done it. I was going to push the button that turns this cab into a hovercraft but now you can forget it.”
“You would do better,” Sherlock said, moving several inches to his left, and scrutinising the new measurement, “to date girls who aren’t so flighty.”
The strength of the emotion in the kiss—the one they both hadn’t known they needed for so many years, yet had wanted all the time in dreaming and in glances and long looks and light touches—it was all-consuming.
. You need to face me because otherwise you’d have to face yourself. And we both know you can’t handle that. You’re an idiot, Sherlock. You’re drowning in your own mind and you still need me to distract you from it.”
And, in a déjà vu moment from a restaurant two years ago, John lunged at Sherlock, sending them both crashing to the ground.
The flush at John’s neck deepened and he cleared his throat. “Me, I meant. Er, running.” He shook his head, closing his eyes as if to focus on getting the words out in the right order. “I meant, I think I’ll go for a run.”
“I would come with you to catch Moriarty and his gang even if all it involved were days’ worth of paperwork.”
“Excellent,” Mycroft said with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “If you don’t mind I’ll just have a word with the doctor about Sherlock’s treatment.”
“Then why don’t you leave?” Sherlock hissed, close enough John could feel the warmth of his breath on his face. “Or am I the closest thing you have to feeling important?”
case. Emilia Ricoletti was not the first gun-wielding bride Sherlock had encountered. Wasn’t she based off of another, more formidable, more real precedent? (Succedent? It didn’t matter; the chronology was nonsense.)
“Why is it all so dull?” he demanded of it. “Human bodies are wondrously complex, but humans are idiots. Mindless work, mindless eating, mindless television..." He pulled his feet up onto the chair, hugging his knees to his chest. "Dull, dull... The average person is nowhere near as intelligent as his circulatory system. It's pathetic."
To his own surprise, what had made him text Sherlock was the man’s socks. One black and one navy blue. Five years ago Lestrade wouldn’t have even noticed this detail, or if he had he wouldn’t have assigned any meaning to it. A man rushing to get ready for work on a Friday morning accidentally grabs two different socks. Mystery solved. But now… Maybe he’d been working with Sherlock for too long, or maybe because it had been five-thirty in the morning, but something about the mismatched socks struck him as ominous: wrong by more than just a fashion mishap.
“No, sorry, look, just forget it,” John said, backing away. “I’m going for a walk, we can talk later.”
"I don't know how you expect anyone to take you seriously as an author," Sherlock grumbled, though his tone was inescapably good-natured.
and he was sure he was losing his grip on sobriety, because the cold fear of an overdose is a short-term memory, and in the maddening silence of his flat Sherlock was forgetting the point of being sober at all.
John crossed his arms, listening. Sherlock liked the way John listened. It was much better than the way anyone else listened.
“Oh right,” John said, blinking at the thought which should have been obvious but of course never was. Not unless you were Sherlock Holmes. “God knows how many have scars but haven’t died.”
Sherlock had his elbows on the arms of his chair and his fingers intertwined. He didn’t speak, so John continued. “Things didn’t get better,” he said. “I thought things would get better but they didn’t.” John finally lifted his eyes and met Sherlock’s. He needed Sherlock to understand this, and not to argue with him. “I don’t want to—I can’t—live like that anymore. It’s over. So, if you’ve got used to having the flat to yourself I can rent my own place, but either way it’s done, and I’m not going back.”
It was late in the afternoon on the third day of John's holiday when he was coming back along the cliffs, having finally slowed to a walk. The day was cool and clear and the sun, low in the sky, cast long shadows.
Not at all convinced it was a compliment, John stood and glowered at the detective. Then something occurred to him. “Oh god, you’re not really going to take him to dinner tonight, are you?”
“So,” Moran continued, “while we wait for that to fully kick in perhaps I can explain my dilemma to you.”
Mary had been prepared to kill his best friend just to have her own way. And then, to add insult to injury, if Sherlock hadn’t survived (which he almost hadn’t), she’d been prepared to pretend to grieve with him. To imitate the comfort and support she’d given him the first time he’d had to cope with Sherlock’s death. She would have put her arms around him, let him cry on her shoulder… Sherlock’s murderer: tricking him, acting out grief for his benefit, and getting away with it. Every. Single. Day.
mind palace.” He grabbed hold of the bookcase across from Sherlock’s and pulled himself up onto it. Water cascaded from his Westwood suit as he twisted, sitting on the edge to face Sherlock, shiny black shoes dangling in the water. He pulled the goggles up onto his forehead. “If you want me gone, make me disappear.”
John breathed through his nose as a calming strategy. Normally he didn’t mind when Sherlock talked incomprehensibly about genius mind palace stuff, but right now— “Look, I’m not in the mood. We’ll talk later,” John said, trying to shove past him.
And then there were hands. There were rough hands on John, maybe four, maybe fifty, trying to pull him away. Sherlock wouldn’t let him go. He was yelling, yelling something, he didn’t know. John was ripped out of his arms and then there were two more hands, firm on his shoulders, pulling him back, pulling him up.
Mycroft thought about his answer. He loved Sherlock. Of course he did. Sherlock was horribly annoying and stupid at times, but he was also his genius little brother who Mycroft knew even then he would spend his life protecting. Because Sherlock was always going to be in danger. The boy was reckless, antagonistic, ostracized by adults and his peers alike: a magnet for trouble and even violence. When the girl died Mycroft had vowed to never be foolish enough to love again, but it was already too late when it came to his brother. Mycroft could remember the exact moment he knew he loved him.
For a minute they only breathed together, Sherlock’s weight pressing heavily into him, and John felt his adrenaline seeping away, down into the ground, as his muscles relaxed.
Sherlock turned to give John a scathing look. “I am arguably the best chemist in England and I specialise in poisons. I had an idea what to look for.”
“The logic,” Mycroft said sharply, “has nothing to do with pretending not to have fallen in love once one has already done so.”
Sherlock pushed his chair back and stood. “It’s not exactly a required skill for detective work.” He began to pace the room.
“You know you’re pretty, you toff.” Sherlock blinked up from his phone at that. “It’s an obvious fact. Everyone knows it, including you. So don’t act like what I said last night is any kind of revelation.”
John raised his eyes to the ceiling and let out a breath. Patience, patience. He waited while Sherlock darted around the room with his end of the tape. Finally, Sherlock dropped it and jumped across to his laptop. John re-rolled the tape and had just enough time to place it back on the table when Sherlock shouted, “YES! That’s it!”
“People don’t normally take off their trousers in front of two strange men,” John commented, feeling the need to point out the crux of their problem.
“So, this is something that couldn’t have been resolved with a phone call? Or have you just missed me?” John asked. He remained standing with his arms folded.
He grabbed Sherlock's arms in attempt to reach the card and Sherlock fell backward bonelessly. John scattered the board pieces as he fell down with him. The sensory combination of hot skin and cool silk was particularly delightful and John was perhaps slower in rolling off of him than he had to be. Confounded sex drug.
When John stopped in front of him, Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but was momentarily taken aback by what he saw.
John blanched, caught completely off guard. But he recovered quickly. “Really?” he laughed humourlessly. “Are you giving me permission to be gay? I’m not, by the way, but thanks. I’ll remember it the next time I feel like picking up a bloke on my way home. I’ll think, ‘This is ok because Harry says I’m allowed.’”
John barely had time to think as he jumped to his feet and was immediately almost knocked over again by three of his teammates and the combined force of their enthusiasm.
Sherlock felt the pressure of the water around his legs disappear. He could still hear the sound of rushing water but he didn’t open his eyes. He carried on kissing John. He kissed him like there was nowhere else he would choose to be, and nothing else he cared to do more.
But evidently it had taken just one military doctor to turn everything upside down for Sherlock. Mycroft had seen it right away. That Sherlock had chosen a
“I do trust you,” Sherlock said, his voice deep with a sincerity he didn’t consciously have to summon. It was the truth, but he knew John wouldn't believe him. Not this time.
He couldn’t believe how much had happened since Sherlock arrived in Ireland the day before. Being around Sherlock was a consistently stressful, dangerous, exhausting experience, and he thought—as the clock read midnight and he felt his eyes getting heavy and he shifted to a more horizontal position on the couch—that he wouldn’t trade it for anything.
“Sherlock Holmes”—Moran shook his hand; firm grip, powerful negotiator—“I’ve heard so much about you.”
“Because, John, you are tediously predictable and I knew that you wouldn’t wear it if anyone else bought it for you.”
“Thanks, Billy,” John kept his voice cordial though he would have liked to bash the junkie’s face into a concrete wall for being such a lousy
John’s eyes flashed up at her. He opened his mouth to protest, but bit it back, remembering his promise.
Sherlock cared for John more than anything, and John had been too stupid to see it. Sherlock was like no one else; of course his way of showing affection would have nothing to do with being affectionate. But that didn’t make it any less true, any less real or intense.
“Such an assumption would be purely guesswork at this point. Best not to make assumptions with insufficient data.”
From the window Sherlock watched John get into a cab and drive off. He dropped the curtain back into place and pulled out his phone. He still had three more locations on his list that could be used to store a large shipment of drugs, and he fully intended to check them all.
There was a long silence in which John wasn’t even trying to think of a response. Words drifted aimlessly in his mind; his thoughts scattered and blurred. A coherent sentence seemed an unreasonable request.
He raked his hand through his hair trying not to remember how John’s hand had felt there, pushing back through until he was falling asleep. It was a surprisingly sedating motion. Sherlock hadn’t remembered. No one had touched him like that since he was very young. He was astonished to find it worked just as well on adults. John must have known that. There were probably a lot of things John knew that Sherlock didn’t about—
Downstairs Mycroft had suggested Irene Adler might have been the one woman who mattered to the detective and John had dismissed it: “He doesn’t feel things like that.”
“My research this morning was productive. Sebastian Moran: ex-military, currently one of London’s leading psychologists. He has an expensive practice near Trafalgar Square.”
John repeated. He tried to gauge how this made him feel. Relieved? Depressed? Angry? Liberated? He couldn’t tell. Maybe it was too early in the morning. He dragged his watch off the night table and blinked at it. 11:14. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept so late. 11:14, Sunday, October eighteenth. Day One of New Life. Again he waited for an appropriate emotional response: Optimistic? Miserable? His emotions department sent him back a large question mark, and nothing else. He resolved to check back later.
John’s eyes fluttered shut as he attempted to turn his focus inward. He needed to bring up to conscious thought what previously had been nothing but murky, subliminal hints and innuendo. In order to determine how Sherlock thought of him, he would have to think like Sherlock. Evidence. He needed to sort through the evidence to gauge what was real and what was not. It was all there in his memory, but he’d never dared look at it too closely for fear of what he’d find. Now he’d have to haul all of it up out of the dark rivers of his subconscious mind.
Lestrade realised with some surprise that he had no idea who the detective’s family were, or if he had any family at all. Sherlock had never seemed quite… human enough to have a family. He found himself distinctly incapable of picturing Sherlock sitting at a dinner table being asked to pass the potatoes.
It was ironic working at a surgery full of equipment and medications and knowing none of it could help him. He’d poured over Sherlock’s notes on the poison that first day, and though they were mostly haphazard chicken scratch, he’d been able to decipher them well enough to understand the basic pathophysiology.
John’s eyes flashed up at him in annoyance, but he returned his attention to the text. Sherlock waited. John was a writer. Perhaps he could make something of it. Well, he wasn’t a
The grey light widened to an image of a darkened hospital room. It blurred into focus. There was a man sitting at a table across from his bed, pale face tinted blue by the glow of a laptop screen.
When Sherlock was five he became obsessed with pirates, only wanting to watch pirate movies and only wanting to hear pirate stories at night. He played ‘pirates’ in the garden with Charlie, who was nicknamed Redbeard for the game, and Sherlock was Captain Shezza. He wore a bandana over his head and tied one around Redbeard’s neck. He had a plastic sword and the two of them went on many daring adventures, some of which involved attacking Captain Mycroft on his way home from school.
Sherlock silently apologised to his flatmate, doctor, soldier. It wasn’t suicide; it was bad timing. He’d been rash about checking the locations. If he’d known the drug deal was happening tonight—
And then there was the way Sherlock looked at him, the way he watched him. John felt the hairs at the back of his neck prickle remembering the sharp brilliance of those exceptional eyes and the way they moved over his skin. He’d caught them lingering on him more than once at crime scenes or in reflections. John wracked his memory to think of any instance where he’d seen Sherlock look at anyone else like that, but he came up empty. Even his gaze on Irene Adler had been different, his expression suggesting something more like uncertain curiosity, grudging admiration, and intellectual appreciation than whatever it was when he looked at John. There was want there, John understood, swallowing. Nothing so obvious as lust, but undeniably more than what he’d told himself was merely the cold scrutiny of an inquisitive mind. No, the instinctive tensing of his muscles under that gaze was a reaction to the burn in the scientist’s eyes that had nothing to do with the dispassionate calculation he used on clients.
But hadn’t he remembered John’s hand in his hair? John wrapping his arm around him when he had climbed into John’s bed? No, but he was dreaming. He was asleep then.
Sherlock’s mouth parted in surprise. He had not anticipated this turn in the conversation. Although it was hardly a pleasant topic, Sherlock couldn't help feeling a twinge of pleasure at receiving further evidence that John was one of the few people he knew well who could continually surprise him.
He looked over at the recently flung-shut door and cleared his throat. "All right, Sherlock, I'll stay here then." He could at least have the pretence of normal communication if the real thing were impossible.
“Thanks,” John said, tucking his gun into his jacket. He knelt down and checked for a pulse: none. He furtively moved the man’s arm, checking for a squash ball (just a nervous habit he’d picked up): none.
“I see you’ve let the police stampede through here,” Sherlock said brusquely, dropping to the ground and whipping out his magnifying glass to scrutinise the pavement.
But despite everything, here John was anyway. For John to leave Mary—for him to have known the potential for a different life and still to choose to come back to Baker Street—on his own volition, actually
your honour right back in that house and lock the door. There’ll be nothing left but the soles of your shoes by tomorrow morning.”
John would have raised an eyebrow at such a marked lack of the detective’s usual eloquence, but actually it was impressively clear for someone battling the all-consuming haze of heroin. He supposed he shouldn’t be surprised. Sherlock was high-functioning in every sense of the word.
John was awfully fond of mad detectives who showed up at his door in tuxes offering him the choice between chips or cake). But he felt tied to the door by his responsibilities and it made him resent them doubly.
here then,” John said, tossing the documents onto the coffee table in front of him, “because you really did miss me.”
The psychologist’s light blue eyes told Sherlock he was quite surprised to see him, although not entirely displeased. Two lackeys flanked him on either side. They were younger, just in their mid-twenties, wearing suits that were smart but not designer: smaller fish, lower on Moriarty’s ladder. The two of them had a very similar look, though Sherlock observed they were not brothers (the distribution of dominant and recessive traits made the possibility very unlikely).
"I know." John stopped stroking his hair and gently held his chin. He tipped Sherlock's head back so that he was looking into his eyes. "I trust you."
“He’s fine, dear,” Mrs. Hudson assured him when he returned with the prescription. “I looked in on him earlier and he’s sleeping quietly.” She shook her head. “The scrapes he gets himself into. You know I think it’s for the best that his mother knows nothing about it. I can’t imagine…” She trailed off for a moment and then gave him a warm smile. “He’s so lucky to have you, John.”
“What is this supposed to mean then?” Sherlock demanded, brandishing the poem at John. “Has he changed his mind? Is he telling me he was wrong?”
"You're being ridiculous. You don't have to do work you don't enjoy just to prove your independence. People won't think any less—"
Also, while I have you in the clutches of an obnoxiously long author's note I'd like to THANK YOU all so much for reading, for your kudos, and your wonderful comments. They're like rays of light in my email inbox, shining through all the spam I'm too lazy to unsubscribe from.
“I suppose,” Sherlock said, “that you’ve made up your mind about this, and I won’t be able to persuade you otherwise?”
“I believe its enthusiasts have termed it, ‘Foxy Methoxy,’” Sherlock drawled, the last two words the vocal equivalent of an eye roll. “A fad drug—it’s main selling point is the enhancement of tactile sensations. It’s quite prevalent at the moment; you could get it from Billy if you wanted.”
He blinked in amazement. Shouldn’t he have known? Because wasn’t the reverse true for him? Wasn’t John’s death his own greatest fear?
John had relaxed considerably from when they started. Sherlock could feel the tension easing in the muscles across his back. John was not overtly muscular, although in the t-shirt his muscles were noticeably defined. He'd known John was strong—he'd certainly received enough evidence the night John knocked him over in a restaurant. The doctor was in good shape, and he could feel the strength in the grip on his back and the sturdiness of his shoulders.
The answer to that question, he imagined, was complicated enough to keep London’s best psychologist busy for a year. But he could say definitively he missed the distraction. Silence hung heavily in the empty flat. He’d never needed to be distracted more than he did now.
John sucked in a deep breath. The MIA status was nothing unusual for his intractable flatmate. However, it was more common for Sherlock to disappear without a word than it was for him to bother lying. The fact that he’d lied meant there was something he was hiding. The thought made his stomach want to roll over in protest. Because John’s past experience with Sherlock lying to him—it tended to end spectacularly badly. Semtex and swimming pools and rooftop phone calls.
He breathed deeply, closing his eyes and willing the flood to dissipate, now that it had done its damage. The waves of Feelings seeped down through the floors of his mind palace, back into the depths of his subconscious. There was shocking disorder in the aftermath, but Sherlock could deal with that later. He could function well enough for the time being, now that the storm had cleared.
Sherlock had watched John’s recovery carefully. He'd been pleased on Sunday that John had felt strong enough to go out, and he’d wasted no time in following him that day, and each one after. He could have asked to walk with John, but he’d already deduced John would interpret the offer as a form of mollycoddling (which he supposed it was) and refuse anyway. On Monday it was clear that John had much of his strength back, and Monday night had been spent in furious internal debate. But he'd come to a decision in the early hours of the morning.
“Are you all right?” Sherlock asked, eyes flicking again to the bandage and wondering if his friend hadn’t broken.
Sherlock glared. “Why? I’m smarter than you and your team combined. If you trust me why can’t you just assume I have spectacularly brilliant reasons for everything I do?”
They turned a corner, taking what was presumably a shortcut through an alley. Sherlock had every street and alley of London mapped out in his mind. John had learned never to question the directions when Sherlock was leading the way (which was always).
“Yes,” Sherlock addressed the ceiling. “Its conversational skills have declined alarmingly. I’d say Alzheimer’s if it weren’t already dead.”
, John thought. The underhanded detective had a way of making ‘humiliate John’ an important part of his plans. “Sorry, I’m not going to explain to the police why I was standing in the street shouting obscenities in front of all the mums walking their children to the park. ‘My mad flatmate told me to’ is not going to hold up in court.”
“Want to give it a test run?” John asked when they stopped in Sherlock’s library, smile playing at his lips.
She had asked where he was staying. He told her he’d moved back to Baker Street. There had been a silence on her end of the phone.
Sherlock bristled. “If we were boxing I would’ve beat you faster than you can string two thoughts together.”
John rested his hands on his hips. "You could have been nicer to her, considering she just cracked this case wide open for you."
His wrist trembled as he held the cigarette to his lips, remembering the scrape of John’s teeth against them—of John’s tongue against his own… It was only kissing. What state would he be in now if John had— Sherlock shut his eyes in attempt to stop the thought in its tracks. He remembered the tenderness of the kisses on his face. He wondered if John had kissed any of his past partners like that. He felt a wave of nausea that had nothing to with the dousing of nicotine his body was taking.
crime scenes, and that he was only there by invitation. Unfortunately Lestrade knew he was going to get absolutely nowhere on his own with only a pair of mismatched socks to go on, so he set about steeling himself against everything that was
Sherlock looked down at the cookie in his hand. He took a bite and it was just as good as he remembered it. Cinnamon, sugar, vanilla, soft, sweet.
“This is getting a bit scary. Just say something. Who was that on the phone? Was it Moran? Moriarty? Not dead? Is he back?”
He had spent a significant amount of time musing about the way he would finally be killed. Gunshot was the most likely. And it had nearly happened that way, thanks to Mary Morstan. Poison would be fitting, considering it was his passion. But strangulation? Sherlock supposed he would have to take it.
The bodyguard was on him in an instant, knocking him down flat on his back, heavy hands at his throat. The drug in his system didn’t allow Sherlock to make any kind of effective resistance. He struggled weakly.
Sherlock straightened up and leaned back. John rested his knee on the edge of the couch and braced himself on the back of it. He looked closely at the scar. The surgeons had done a good job; the ring where the bullet entered his chest had healed as nicely as one can hope a bullet wound to heal. Very unlike his own, which had been done rushed at a field surgery, leaving a jagged, uneven gash on his shoulder.
John rolled onto his back and spoke incoherently. Although Sherlock couldn’t make out any individual words, the distress in his voice was cutting. Sherlock started to reach out, but pulled his hand back. If he woke him, John would be embarrassed and upset and Sherlock wouldn’t know what to say.
He'd said he needed his blogger, and he meant it. But what he hadn’t told John, and what he hadn’t said again today, was how unlikely and unbelievably efficient it was to have a blogger, doctor, soldier, and best friend condensed into one person. But ‘efficient’ wasn’t the right word. Of course it was
They walked on, statues and monuments looming over the graves of whom John assumed were the wealthier departed. It was a large cemetery, and John was just understanding how long it could take to check each grave when Sherlock stopped short, causing John to walk into his side.
Sherlock snapped his head up. John was gazing at him steadily—irises flecked in shades of blue… This exchange might have been easier if he had imagined John with a bag over his head.
Sherlock whirled around and found Mycroft standing in the doorway sporting a similar pair of black wellies.
Sherlock was watching him, sharp, penetrating eyes seeming to read all that was in John’s mind, only waiting for him to come to the conclusion on his own.
John snatched a protein bar from the shelf in his office, the only lunch he'd have time for today between the crush of patients. Apparently flu season was early in London this year. He was just tearing open the wrapper when his phone buzzed against his desk.
John’s eyes lost their focus and his hand dropped. Sherlock tried to hold him tighter, as though he could stop him from falling. But he couldn’t. Because it wasn’t John’s body that was falling. It was a part of John that Sherlock couldn’t reach, falling away from him.
“You think I care?” He threw on the soaking wet jacket to prove his point. “Is that it? If I punch this little twat in the face,”—he pointed up at Sherlock—“you’ll get my jacket wet?”
Light, he knew, was supposed to scare away the monsters of the subconscious, but somehow he felt that John wouldn’t want light. Glaring, exposing, unforgiving light forcing the moment into reality. In the dark the scene could exist somewhere between waking and sleeping; a liminal space where words and actions have softer consequences.
It was true some part of him wanted to give up and give over all the space he had in his mind to John. That, perhaps, had been the part of him responsible for the decision to kiss his doctor so recklessly today. But a stronger part of him knew that if he let go of his mind palace he would lose himself, which meant losing everything John admired about him. A Catch-22. But there must be a solution. He had to be able to reason his way out.
John was too stunned trying to register what he’d just done to duck. Sherlock hit him back fast and he reeled from the impact. But his reflexes were quick, and he grabbed Sherlock’s coat before he could move back out of reach. Sherlock twisted and John grunted trying to hold him. Sherlock snatched John's shirt and pushed him back, but John spun them, slamming him back into the tree. Sherlock gritted his teeth, eyes flashing brighter than anything on that grey afternoon. He propelled himself off of the tree with surprising force. John tripped backward they hit the ground hard.
When John pulled back and Sherlock opened his eyes, there was no damage. Not even stray splashes. The water lessened, dwindling back down to quiet streams, thin enough just to glisten along the walls as it caught the light from the palace windows. Sherlock turned, looking around the room as the realisation sank in. He had done it. The water his mind had chosen to represent his emotion for John was contained.
Sherlock fell asleep on the carpet beside Redbeard and at three o’clock in the morning Mycroft knelt by his side. He put his arms around his brother’s shoulders to raise him up, and still half-asleep Sherlock automatically, like he’d done when he was much younger, wrapped his arms around Mycroft’s neck. Mycroft lifted him without difficulty—the boy was too thin—and carried him to Sherlock’s bedroom. When he put him down in his bed he was already sleeping—that deep, trusting sleep only children can manage. When he woke the next morning Redbeard was gone.
Initially he hadn’t been keen on Sherlock at all. Having a baby in the house was most inconvenient, not to mention noisy, and he didn’t understand in the slightest why his parents felt it necessary to keep him. He was seven years old, but he had already heard of adoption agencies. However, one afternoon, around six months after they brought him home, Mycroft was sitting on the floor of the living room, back against the sofa, watching telly. Sherlock had recently learned to crawl, and he was doing so around the living room. After a while he crawled over to Mycroft and looked up at him uncertainly. Even then his hair was already curling thick and dark, and his eyes were as bright as ever.
He leaned up on his elbows and had just enough time to see Sherlock jump down from the fence onto the pavement. He went off down a side street, disappearing around the corner.
“Got one!” Sherlock said, eyes shining as he looked over at John from their positions flattened against the wall. “Twitch of the curtain. I don’t think she saw us though.”
“I think the dead men were guinea pigs. Randomly selected test subjects. I told you before the drug is new: they’re testing it. I think the woman who administered the poison is merely a pawn in a much larger game. We have to find the king.”
“Which explains why he has scars but no poison.” Sherlock liked watching the moment John twigged. His blogger was just as eager as he was to find the puzzle pieces that fit together. And though it always happened for him a bit later than it did for Sherlock, he still enjoyed seeing the energy thrum though him at the moment of comprehension.
John was standing in the doorway with luggage; it didn’t require Holmes-level deduction skills to work out what had happened.
John would have wondered where Sherlock was going with this, but he was far too experienced to bother. Sherlock’s mind was a thousand paces ahead of his and anyone else’s; he’d have to wait until whenever Sherlock felt like cluing him in.
John looked back over at them, but Sherlock recaptured his attention by tugging his sleeve. He pointed to a spot below his collar bone. John squinted at it and saw the mark where the needle had pierced the vein. His torn shirt; the injection done in a convenient location if Sherlock had had his hands cuffed behind his back… John may not be able to read a crime scene like a consulting detective, he may have next to no clue what had happened here tonight, but the evidence was enough to know Sherlock wasn’t lying. The drugs weren’t his fault.
Sherlock lowered his violin. “Do you want me to make a joke by saying it’s something other than a tuxedo?”
Sherlock's mind raced through memories from when they’d lived together. John making late night runs to the twenty-four-hour fish and chips place near their flat, nudging the chips toward Sherlock until he was absently picking at them while he worked. John's curious habit of leaving out plates of fruit and vegetables. Were they all for him? Did he eat them? He supposed he did, a bit, sometimes. Was all the tossed, uneaten food worth whatever nutrients Sherlock might glean on the occasions he picked up a slice of apple or cucumber? John would be no poster boy for sustainability.
Sherlock had the decency to look sheepish. “Mycroft sent me his picture; I didn’t delete it, I was distracted by the case…” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck. “Thank you,” he said, looking at John uncertainly.
What were the odds that one man could have such an exact combination of genetics and life experiences and ideas to make up such an appealing person? A person with dark blue eyes and soft blond hair and a charming, youthful face; a person who could save people as skilfully as he could kill them; a person who liked to wear jumpers and make tea and run after murderers with him through London’s alleys; a person who admired him and chose to be his friend in spite of everything; a person who thought him worth protecting; a person who laughed at crime scenes and made him toast…
But John spoke immediately, “No, it doesn’t matter. That’s the point. That’s why I didn’t want to—was never going to say anything. Because it’s all so unbelievably stupid. You were never going to kill yourself.” John shook his head. “You didn’t need me to tell you anything. And now that I know I’m glad I didn’t say more, because I would have looked that much stupider.”
It took a while and some effort for John to tear his eyes away from Sherlock long enough to take out his phone to send a text.
She hoped to god John would wake up soon. He had to stay alive. He had to. Because while John had lived a broken, faded existence for two years when Sherlock died, she felt a cold grip of fear around her heart when she thought of what might happen to Sherlock if John died. Because Sherlock didn’t fade. He burned.
It turned out that John's landlady, who had expressly promised he wouldn't have to dance, was as underhanded and manipulative as her mad scientist tenant.
She turned around and bent over, fingers grazing the floor. “One night, two weeks ago, she didn’t come home.” She raised herself slowly. “She always comes home. I haven’t seen her since.”
Sherlock sat cross-legged on top of a bookcase in the library of his mind palace. He looked down dismally at the water flowing past the top shelf. The books in his library were mostly waterproof; they had experienced ‘feelings flooding’ before, but never to this extent. He couldn’t know there wouldn’t be any lasting damage.
it had to contend with even as the plane left the ground, left England, left John standing on the tarmac with Mary, his abominable bride.
John took a bite of the bar. He rolled his shoulders, stretched his neck, and something caught his eye. From where his jacket was hanging on the back of the door he could see a piece of white paper sticking out of the inner pocket. He hadn't noticed it before. Wondering whose vital lab results he’d forgotten to submit he crossed the room and plucked it out.
“My apologies for the mess,” Moran said. “I’m afraid they reneged on our previous contract and, well, you know, business is business.”
He moved to the living room, targeting the bookshelf. He scrutinised it carefully, reading the dust on the shelves. Mycroft owned an e-reader; he wouldn’t have had cause to take one of these books down recently. He just needed to find—there it was: a break in the thin layer of dust. The book had been removed and replaced recently. It was leather-bound, one of many in a set of classics. Sherlock looked at the title:
The method wasn’t ideal, but there was no time. No time for tourniquets and careful venipuncture. Even if he wanted to do it here, the gauge of his hypodermic needles was better suited for injections than extractions, and John would insist on going to the lab to have it done properly and there
He lifted his eyes and regarded Sherlock’s face in amazement. “Just by noticing that hook you could see the whole scene: The men stuffing the body into an armoire and lowering it out the window onto a moving van. You only needed to talk to the Bennis lady for confirmation.”
“I wanted to give you my compliments on your poison.” Sherlock tilted his head back to meet Moran’s pale eyes. “The one you used on Rodgers, Parker and Riley. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
"John, I think they're better at drinking than we are," Nathan said, swayingly observing their stability.
“The subjective ‘sluttiness,’ or whatever you want to call it, is immaterial. The fact is that Amy received the poison through the kiss. There was meant to be no connection between the victims. The two of them then had to be gotten rid of. So, what’s a good way to kill two people and make it look like an accident?”
John scrubbed a hand over his face. The whole thing was scarcely believable. Him, Sherlock… But the evidence was there. What was it Sherlock was always saying to him?
He looked down at the couch. John touched his wrist and his eyes flicked up. The warning in John’s expression told Sherlock he must have been making a face.
"What time will you be home? I'll see you when I get back from practice then, or whenever you bloody happen to come back through the door, whether it's in two hours or two weeks. Have a nice day!"
They had met when John was twenty-nine, far too late to make a ‘best friend’—at least for someone like him, someone who didn’t have close friends. And the relationship hadn’t developed over time. It had been immediate, urgent—
“I didn’t—” Sherlock paused. “I wasn’t aware of the extent to which you would be affected by my absence.”
“Oh, no thank you dear, I’m just on my way out. I only wanted to pop in to drop off some biscuits,” she said, walking to the kitchen and placing them on the worktop. “Homemade; I thought you might like them.”
Sherlock’s expression remained fixed, but Mycroft observed the twitch of his fingers on the bedspread. “Where is he now?”
When he spoke his voice was soft, barely more than another breath lifting and lowering his ribcage. “Christ, Sherlock.” He shut his eyes and when he opened them again the detective’s gaze was burning into him, making John feel the heat through his skin. But John kept his eyes steady on Sherlock’s and didn’t waver. “What do you want from me?”
where they were. He had searched the entire flat looking for them. Sherlock was in the kitchen in a flash, inspecting the dishwasher door. The cunning woman had known he wouldn’t find it there. Sherlock examined the compartment; he hadn’t known it existed, let alone that it opened. What was it for? Soap? Bleach? A very small dish?
Of course he knew John liked danger, had needed it even, but how long could that possibly last? With a few years’ hiatus—without Sherlock monopolising his time—John would be able to clearly assess his other options. By the time Sherlock arrived back in London (assuming he wasn’t killed in action) John would have stabilised enough in his new life to make an informed decision about how much time he wanted to devote to Sherlock and his work and his danger. With enough distance and the option for a different life, surely John wouldn’t choose Sherlock. (Would he?)
“I’ve seen this before,” Sherlock said, studying the container. “Women who use lip gloss to drug people. They wear a protective lining on their lips to ensure they don’t receive the effects of the drug themselves. Or possibly it’s triggered by a reaction with alcohol. Did it feel like she had some kind of lining on her lips?”
“Cameras which you will not tamper with,” Mycroft clarified, clearly having anticipated Sherlock’s answer, “under pain of my
“You’re BORING. And everyone’s going to find out. You’ve done an excellent job pretending to be above it all, really you have. But in the end they’re all going to know the truth.”
He tightened his hold on Sherlock and thought he had to give credit to all the people in their lives who had seen how apparent it was from the very beginning. Because it really was obvious. There were no two people who belonged together more than Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
He wished he could sleep. His mind palace was currently inaccessible. There was nothing but a vacuum of black space where it normally existed in his mind. Since Mycroft brought him to the hospital his sleep had been blissfully blank. He wished he could go back to that empty nothingness until John woke up.
John logged into Sherlock’s bank account, as he’d regularly done when they’d lived together, and checked the situation. Not good. He’d have to find all the cheques Sherlock had acquired, and clearly not deposited, in the past year and a half.
John blinked down at him. Sherlock must have met Moran tonight. He figured only Moran, possibly acting through Moriarty, could clean out a warehouse full of bodies and drugs that fast.
“Come in,” she said, opening the door wider and stepping back. “Have a seat.” She had a subtle accent John couldn’t place.
He smiled ruefully. It was comforting to know that Sherlock had such secure pillars of support in place. Between Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and Mycroft, he would be taken care of. He would be ok.
“John’s addiction to a lifestyle that involves a certain level of danger began long before he met me,” Sherlock said acerbically. “England has a pressing need for surgeons. They’re reputable, high-paid positions. John chose the army instead. What does that tell you?”
John wanted to laugh out loud at the absurdity of the statement. Sherlock would carry on talking to him, oblivious to whether he was even in the room. Sherlock would forget him at crime scenes. Sherlock’s work was his priority. Everyone knew that. John scoffed, turning his head to the side.
“John, here are the pills,” she said, popping a plastic bag out of some kind of snapping compartment in the dishwasher.
He dove down. When he resurfaced he tossed up a sodden book and Sherlock caught it. It was his documentation on the Scowrers, one of his more fascinating researches into nineteenth century organised crime in America. He opened it and stared at the running ink, the blurred words nearly erased.
If Mycroft was surprised by the unusual request for assistance, he didn't show it. He stepped behind the worktop, surveying seventy-two hours’ worth of crazed calculations.
Sherlock was looking into John’s eyes intently. He was serious, John realised. With a slow exhale John closed his eyes, willing himself to consider the possibility rationally. With Sherlock’s body firmly pinning him to the ground he wasn’t going anywhere anyway. Memories began to surface in his mind.
John hesitated. “You would really make pasta?” It was difficult to believe, but on the other hand Sherlock seemed to be all right, and he wasn’t eager to disappoint his colleagues. Again.
John scoffed, “I suffered for two years because you didn’t even trust me enough not to go running to the press to tell them the suicide was fake—or whatever it was you imagined I’d do if you contacted me. If you couldn’t trust me with a secret like ‘don’t tell people I’m alive,’ then I wouldn’t expect you to trust me with much of anything.”
“It’s—” Sherlock winced and shook his head dismissively. “How did you—” his voice was as rough as gravel. He succumbed to a fit of coughing and John braced him, tightening his grip around his flatmate’s back. The coughing subsided but John remained tensed until he felt the detective breathing steadily again.
“Because I will have the light on in the living room and I will be working. You’ll sleep better here.”
Sherlock turned from the window as he played and John tensed, feeling as though he were intruding on something private. But Sherlock’s eyes were closed. He almost never played with his eyes closed. It occurred to John that Sherlock was feeling the music this time instead of seeing it, and the result was incredible. He couldn’t help thinking that such a performance was being wasted on him, who was hopelessly ignorant about such things—that Sherlock should be on a stage being judged by international experts, who would no doubt be impressed. But just because John couldn’t evaluate his technique didn’t mean he couldn’t appreciate the intensity of the sound enveloping him. The drama of the melody captivated him: its urgency and its insistence and its melancholy.
Eventually he settled on a workable tactic, but still it was more than a few moments before he put it into effect.
“Oh, he’s very good at it,” John said, warming to the subject. “He can be very distracting. Some would say irritatingly so.”
John was surprised to pain flash across her face before she replaced it with what was probably her standard-issue sexy smirk.
“But what?” Sherlock leaned forward. He was looking at him in a way that kept making John look at the carpet.
He disappeared into his living room and Sherlock smirked at John before walking in. John wondered if geniuses came in any other variety than smug.
“Ok, we’ll get you Bauer’s blood sample, and three grave exhumations—Jesus…” He trailed off probably thinking of the paperwork ahead.
“Well”—she shifted her weight on her feet, suddenly nervous—“I was wondering…” She hesitated. Perhaps this was going to be more interesting than he'd thought. “Well,” she said more firmly this time, “it’s just that my charity, you know the one I help out with from time to time?” She received blank looks from both Sherlock and John but continued bravely. “There’s a ball on Thursday to raise money. The man I’ve been seeing—”
Slow, measured footsteps. A sudden turn on his heel and his coat flares out behind him as he spins and drops to a crouch. Evidence recorded. A leap to his feet. Graceful, even steps. Mind cataloguing torrents of information. A pause and a half-step back. Something worthy of closer attention. A slight shake of the head. Maybe not. Forward. Pause. Crouch. Leap. Turn. Forward. Whirl. Back. He’s mesmerising.
John walked into the bathroom as determinedly as his hangover would allow. He grabbed Sherlock’s shampoo and conditioner. He marched up to the conceited ball of ego in his living room and shoved the products in his face.
For a moment Sherlock searched his face. Finally he said, “If you leave, I promise I’ll make pasta.”
"But really we are busy." John almost jumped. He had no idea when Sherlock had appeared at his shoulder. "Crimes to solve, you know murderers don't wait for idle chatter." Sherlock stepped between them to pull open the door.
Sherlock was pulled away and John found himself unable to protest. There were people around him fussing over monitors and Sherlock was gone.
were…” Sherlock waited, but John just ducked his head and smiled ruefully. “Look, what do you think about a stir fry tonight?” he asked, shrugging off his coat and walking toward the door to hang it up.
When Sherlock walked back into the flat around four-thirty in the morning he was surprised to see John sleeping on the couch.
The point of the stories was to remind Sherlock he wasn’t special, despite their parents insisting he was. Sherlock was a genius, he was beautiful, but he wasn’t special. He wouldn’t be immune to the forces that would line up against him: the fate of all people who are different. (“When a great genius appears in the world the dunces are all in confederacy against him,” Johnathan Swift had famously written and Mycroft remembered it well.) People would hate Sherlock, Mycroft knew. Jealousy combined with the inability to understand him would make it the most vicious kind of hatred, and Sherlock’s unwillingness to disguise his arrogance would only make it that much easier for the people who would condemn him. It was obvious—entirely predictable for anyone who knew anything about the world and Mycroft certainly knew enough.
John gave a short laugh and said, “It’s all part of the strategy. He’s the eye candy—distracts the criminals into muddling up their alibis.”
He took a deep breath and reminded himself that the cats, hateful as they were, were innocent in the matter. So he settled for dumping the cat food on their heads, grabbing a throw pillow from the adjoining living room, and squeezing the life out of it instead.
“I didn’t kill him!” He heard Mary’s voice in his head from another of their never-ending arguments.
Harry dropped her eyes to her coffee, but she took the comment about his wedding in stride. “I won’t play at anything by saying, ‘I know I wasn’t the best older sister’ or some bollocks like that. I was anyone’s worst nightmare of an older sister and
But hadn’t Sherlock been the one who’d asked John to stay with him last night? John argued to himself (a bit manically). What had Sherlock been playing at, asking him to sleep in his bed? Was it possible that he’d
. John snickered, dismayed to find it was still funny in the absence of any mind-altering substances. He truly felt he didn't deserve the number thirty-four as an age marker.
Fortunately, this was not the first time he’d lived without John. Having met the doctor at the age of twenty-seven, he’d had a few years before John to find strategies for living independently. He knew what he had to do; he just didn’t want to do it.
Sherlock’s response was amused. “John, while as usual your opinion of me is very flattering, you forget that though I may be godlike in many ways, I am not actually omnipotent. My mind’s capacity, while still much greater than yours, is in fact limited. I only use that capacity for information which is actually important. Yes, actually important, don’t give me that look.”
John leaned forward, gripping the edges of the kitchen worktop. He would have left Mary then and there last year. But Sherlock, of all people, had persuaded him to forgive her, manipulating him with his infuriating Sherlogic. ‘Sherlogic’ was John’s not-quite-endearment for Sherlock’s theoretically logical but completely impractical way of reasoning. It worked quite neatly as long as you discounted emotion and human nature in general.
John waited, aware of Sherlock’s sinewy form beneath him. He kept his eyes on his face, pale irises striking beneath dark hair, beautiful, somehow no less so for the red smudge darkening the porcelain skin just below Sherlock’s right cheekbone where John had hit him. The air was cold around them as the afternoon faded toward evening, but though John was only wearing his rugby shorts and shirt his muscles were warm from the game and his skin was hot from the energy pulsing beneath it. His bare knees were pressing softly into the grass on either side of Sherlock’s waist.
In hindsight it was obvious. He’d been stupid, stupid. The experiment had been arranged under the assumption that its subject was sane. A colossal waste of time. Had Sherlock actually convinced himself that without his influence John would simply turn around and find happiness in a kind of average, married, domestic lifestyle? He’d let John go and he’d found an assassin.
The two of them presented quite a picture, standing alone on a path at the edge of the cliffs, John in his jogging bottoms and Sherlock in his dramatic Belstaff coat, glaring daggers at each other.
“He’s up,” the nurse said urgently. “We have to examine him”—she jabbed her finger at Sherlock—“and we need this guy gone.”
"They always will, no matter how many times you wash them—typically the curse of the medical or scientific research professions, but you don't work in either. A dentist, perhaps, but dental work is too mundane for you, the girl who obsessively reads John's blog and not for its literary merit."
John had, justifiably, been cold toward her at first when Sherlock came back. But he’d warmed eventually—probably, hopefully, understanding he would have done the same had their positions been reversed. She knew he had fully forgiven her when he invited her to his wedding. It was sweet that he counted her as a good enough friend to be invited to the relatively small wedding; he was sweet. They had never been close, but Molly felt tears welling in her eyes that first night they’d brought him in, and she didn’t bother trying to stop them as they spilled over, running freely down her cheeks.
“They want another few days for observation, but I negotiated an option for you to be discharged today with the necessary supplies to maintain an outpatient status.”
“I believe Mr. Holmes is just as surprised to see us as we are to see him,” Moran explained placidly.
you a flatmate. And you can be certain I’ll choose one who won’t allow for your… antics,” Mycroft finished, wrinkling his nose in distaste.
Sherlock didn’t appear to acknowledge the comment except for his eyes—they blinked a few times rapidly and Lestrade knew he’d heard it.
As a goldfish, despite being a highly superior—if not the most superior—goldfish, John would want to do goldfish things sometimes. Sherlock couldn’t ask John to forever forego pub nights in favour of crouching in dark alleyways, trade movies for morgues, and love for labs.
John put his elbows on the kitchen worktop and his head in his hands. This wasn’t the first time he’d been caught off-guard by these thoughts. They ambushed him unexpectedly, time and time again, and now he recognised the automatic sensations of disgust and hatred coursing through his body. He’d survived the last year mainly by blocking out these thoughts, working double shifts at the surgery, spending more time at the gym than he had since university—he’d even joined an amateur rugby team just to get out of the house on Saturday afternoons—but they always caught up with him. And each time his barriers broke down and the flood of arguments, the knowledge of injustice, washed over him he’d had a blow-out row with Mary.
Afterward he watched Sherlock trying to pretend it wasn’t true. And John being oblivious—relying too heavily on his previous heterosexual history to see things as they really were. There was a point when Mycroft thought perhaps the two of them had found such an unlikely balance that they could remain in limbo forever. But then Sherlock had decided not to tell John he was alive after he died and John got married and Mycroft was forced to remind Sherlock that he had, indeed, told him not to get involved.
The boy lunged and Mycroft side-stepped him easily, grabbing the back of his collar and stripping his school jacket off.
do it, because John would not die. Sherlock was the best goddamn chemist in England and the unrivalled bloody expert on poisons. He could do this. He had to.
“How was it at Scotland Yard?” John asked, hair glowing bright under the light, still damp from a recent shower.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock’s brother inquired when Molly rang him from the detective’s phone. “This is a surprise.” His voice was soft and smooth and somehow terrifying at the same time.
“Of course I haven’t changed my mind,” he said, walking to stand directly in front of Sherlock. “And of course I’m not wrong.” He raised his chin, using his extra two centimetres to his advantage. Sherlock got his own back by giving Mycroft a rubber duck pattern on his boots. It was still his mind palace, after all.
John sighed. It had been a long day and he wasn’t in the mood to talk about it. But considering he’d just barged in on Sherlock in the middle of the night, he figured he owed him an explanation.
“Tony Bauer,” Sherlock clarified. “Are you aware that all of them, except Mr. Bauer, have died very recently? They were poisoned.”
). He smiled when Sherlock played Mozart, and closed his eyes listening to Brahms and Schumann. He put his reading down completely for Bach.
Sherlock squinted at him in a way John knew he used to affect keen interest. “Really. And what else did my dear brother say?” His eyes gleamed as he waited for an answer.
John closed his eyes. His legs were warm where they were folded with Sherlock's. Body heat was radiating in the gap between their chests. Sherlock's breath was warm on his skin. Well, John didn't mind. If Sherlock was finally sleeping John was not going to wake him. He didn't seem uncomfortable.
Sherlock held his gaze until John shifted uncomfortably, crossing his arms and looking away across the street again. He glanced back and met Sherlock’s eyes briefly as he said, “She’s not my type."
John watched her until the door clicked shut. He turned on his heel and walked into the bathroom. Sherlock heard the shower run a moment later.
“Waffles?” John asked, hardly daring himself to guess. He turned and put his arms into his black coat. Sherlock did this so often when he was in a hurry—helping John into his coat—that John almost didn’t notice it anymore.
To be fair, Sherlock was right. The chemicals that made up the drug were relatively harmless. But still; John looked at his ex-addict friend who was looking back at him with wide eyes. God he would be in an entirely different place in his life if he had ever been able to say no to those eyes. He was glad he wasn’t.
John rocked back on his heels to get a look at the ceiling. “You knew. All this time you knew I was lying.”
“Where’s Sherlock tonight? I thought you would be at his place,” Mary said, standing in the doorway of their bedroom.
Sherlock walked quickly through the streets, destination only on the periphery of his consciousness. He knew the city well enough that he could put the part of his brain concerned with directions on autopilot. The night air was cold on his face; he tried to let the sensation ground him while the chaos of his thoughts blurred the edges of reality.
“Poison,” he said. “Whoever stabbed him did it to distract the police from the real cause of death. No other visible wounds on the body suggests poison.”
He considered John’s words. Mycroft had never said it in those terms, but as a nine-year-old boy wasn’t that exactly how he’d interpreted it? Really it didn’t matter. Even as a child Sherlock had never blindly accepted a rule, not even one from Mycroft. He did his own research; he evaluated evidence on his own terms. Redbeard’s death had lent credence to his brother’s words, and with time he had come to see the soundness of the logic for himself. Sherlock had spent most of his childhood learning, rather bitterly, that Mycroft was usually right. And he wasn’t wrong about this either: Love is only weakness.
As a child Sherlock was just as nightmarish as you would expect. Far from being in control of his emotions, his was a personality of extremes. The things he liked delighted him to a state of joy that had him giggling and jumping up and down and charming everyone in the room. On the other side his tantrums were enough to make the neighbours call to confirm the boy wasn’t being murdered.
Mary watched motionlessly as John glanced through the documents. He scratched his signature at the bottom of various pages. He walked back to her, holding out the packet.
Sherlock was the first friend he’d ever had that he not only cared about keeping, but had found himself utterly destroyed at his loss. It had taken him two years to not even remotely get over losing Sherlock.
But in spite of everything Mycroft couldn’t help feeling a soft spot for his little brother, who looked up at him with wide, earnest eyes and said ‘Mycot’ before he’d mastered the more difficult ‘r’ and ‘f’ sounds.
“That’s all right.” She waved her hand dismissively. “How about your girlfriend, Mr. Holmes, does she believe in fate?”
Sherlock had thought about this. He had thought about this all night. He needed John, and ever since that night in the cemetery he’d known he needed more from him than basic companionship. And he was tired of holding back. He wanted everything John could give him and more. And he wanted it now, before either of them died again.
So his instructions to Mycroft were tell him nothing of John barring serious illness or injury. Funny to think that if John had only come down with pneumonia, or gotten non-fatally stabbed, Sherlock would have been at his side as fast as he could get to an airport. Mission paused. Experiment cancelled. But John didn’t do either and Sherlock deleted all of the half-written messages he typed into his phone.
John tried to walk toward the voice, but the sound was illusory. As soon as he was certain he heard it in one direction he was just as sure he’d heard it in another.
Sherlock stood with his arms at his sides, violin and bow dangling from either hand, quite speechless.
magazine more closely than he resembled ordinary people. And he knew Sherlock made girls like Molly trip over their own feet. (John had gotten some very interesting requests for photographs on his blog from the—he was almost certain—entirely female Sherlock Holmes fan club.) But ‘beautiful’ was an odd word to use for a man. Although, John figured, if there were any man to use the more feminine adjective for, the one swanning around in his unignorably tight shirts, with his high cheekbones, pale skin, and dark eyelashes— John silenced the part of his brain attempting to point out the speed and ease with which he’d just listed Sherlock’s more attractive features. He’d spent the majority of the last five years in Sherlock’s company;
Mycroft sighed audibly. “So we’re not skipping it then.” He pulled a manila envelope out from underneath the newspaper on the table and held it out toward John. “Kindly have a look at this.”
“And now this,” Sherlock said, sliding his hand down from John's shoulder to his upper arm where Carl Reeves’ bullet had grazed him.
“Like a RAT in a CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT,” John shouted. “Just like Dartmoor, right? You wanted to torture me and watch how I’d do?”
When Sherlock calculated her to be on the top stair he stopped his bow and yelled, “MRS. HUDSON, IF YOU TRY TO BRING ONE MORE CUP OF TEA IN HERE TONIGHT I WILL THROW IT OUT THE WINDOW.” The footsteps stopped, hesitating. "I’LL CONSIDER THROWING YOU OUT AFTER IT,” he added for good measure.
He knew this angle. He had been in this position before, strictly with women, but he was here now, and Sherlock was brushing his thumb across the cut on his cheek, and his eyes were asking him a question, and suddenly John understood. Sherlock didn’t know what he was doing. It was something beyond the reaches of his vast knowledge. Sherlock couldn’t do this, but John could.
Sherlock kept his left hand on John's shoulder, but moved his right to John's hip, meaning to push him back into the correct position. John's left hand reflexively gripped Sherlock's arm as if to push it away, but he didn't. His eyes shot to Sherlock's and neither of them heard the door opening.
“My mother was forty when Sherlock was born. My parents already had two children and they certainly hadn’t planned on a third.”
When they were younger there was no problem Mycroft didn’t already have the solution to, no threat Mycroft couldn’t make disappear. Sherlock resented him for it, of course, but he trusted him at the same time, coming to him for help when he’d exhausted his other options. Sherlock had always been bitter that Mycroft had answers he didn’t, but Mycroft knew he grudgingly respected him for it.
Sherlock looked puzzled for an instant—perhaps at John’s tone or perhaps at the question—but it faded quickly. He glanced down John’s body and up again. It was all John could do to keep still while the detective’s penetrating eyes raked over him, reading god-knew-what from the thin material of his clothes, his skin. Sherlock stepped forward, ducking his head to kiss him. But John grabbed a fistful of his coat and thrust him back, holding him at arm’s length.
He had just enough time to get home, shower, and change clothes. He supposed John would be more inclined to kiss him if he didn’t smell like cigarette smoke.
It might have been an ideal moment to panic, but his aching brain refused to make any such effort. For the moment the best he'd be able to do was to take stock of the situation. He slowly slid the sheets back and grimaced. He was wearing just his boxers.
“And that’s just fine for you then, if he chooses death?” There was audible strain in her voice. “You won’t cry at his funeral because it was his choice?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock said and rushed down the stairs. John shook his head, unable to suppress a grin as he locked the door behind them.
“Yes, the woman at reception sympathised deeply with Waffles’ untimely death.” Sherlock grabbed John’s jacket and held it up.
Sherlock leapt off the bed and groped around the floor for his shoes. Images of a flatlining monitor, nurses pulling him off the bed and trying to restart John’s heart, Mycroft barking orders for Sherlock to be sent home—Sherlock nearly choked, bile threatening to surge upward from his stomach.
John considered pointing out that he’d been joking, but decided to let it go. The point of a joke is not to have to explain that it’s a joke.
Sherlock smiled broadly and John wished there were more things besides murder and drugs that could get him to smile that way.
He sat up fast and the room swam around him. Drugs. He had been given more than morphine at the hospital.
“You pulled your punch.” Sherlock’s voice broke through John’s thoughts. His flatmate was looking at him with some amusement in his eyes.
The next morning John deposited all the cheques before work. And after work, as he was walking out through the large, clear doors at the entrance to the hospital, he was hailed by Mycroft’s pretty assistant.
“Tell me again why you shot him?” John asked on one of those nights. One of those dreaded, poisonous nights when the thoughts seeped past his defences, tainting his blood until he shook with barely controlled rage.
, Mycroft’s lips tightened at the memory. Magnussen had known weaknesses, pressure points, better than anyone—he’d known Sherlock was his.
“But I know how to use it too.” She raised an eyebrow suggestively. “Many of the girls here can; it’s very popular now.”
Although… he walked over to check the lock. It had gotten rusty lately. Since John had left Mary and come back to Baker Street it wasn't as strong. He would have to put in a new one. He made a note to replace it at his earliest convenience.
When he opened his eyes, Moriarty frowned at him. “Oh, that’s right,” he said in mock revelation, “you can’t, can you.” He dropped his eyes, shaking his head and smiling almost ruefully. “A glitch in the system; you can’t control it. That is rather the point.”
When he arrived home, it was close to five o’clock and Sherlock was up. Or not ‘up,’ but awake at least. He was lying on the couch, wearing his wine-coloured dressing gown over pyjama trousers and t-shirt, reading an article from a medical journal he was holding above his head.
He leaned back in his chair, hating the quiet stillness of the flat. He rechecked his latest texts from Molly.
He turned to look out his own window. He knew none of this was going to be easy. Sherlock would still be Sherlock. He was difficult: temperamental, impatient, moody, sulky, explosive, and without hesitation John knew there was nothing he wanted more. The other side of Sherlock’s passion was his volatility and John loved both. Sherlock was a challenge,
There was a fountain just a few paces away and Mycroft wasted no time in submersing the jacket in the water. Turning his back to the kids who were watching him, he furtively pulled a bottle from his pocket and poured it over the jacket as well. He handed it back to the child.
But who was Moran? He was Moriarty’s second in command; clever, sure, but in the end just a man. He knew it wouldn’t solve all of Sherlock’s problems, but it would strike a lasting blow against the opposition: the forces trying to hurt Sherlock, the ones John wouldn’t be able to protect him from anymore.
John shot him a glare. Sherlock took it in stride. If he had an unmarked corpse for every glare John threw at him he would be a happy detective.
John flexed his hands and took a deep breath. He hadn’t been able to say it at the time. But he owed it to Sherlock to say it now. He walked over to where Sherlock was sitting and cleared his throat.
John nodded and looked toward the window. He was clearly still shaken. Sherlock hesitated, uncertain how to proceed. He could be callous, would be if it were anyone else.
Sherlock sighed. “Contrary to what I’m sure the staff at Barts believe, I don’t spend time beating corpses just for the fun of it. I
Mycroft had almost turned to leave when Sherlock shifted, raising his head and sitting up. Mycroft waited for him to speak, but he didn’t. Evidently unaware of Mycroft’s presence he leaned his weight onto John’s bed and, to Mycroft’s surprise, crawled onto it.
Sherlock felt a wave of endorphins rush through his body. It was exactly what he’d needed to hear—what he’d wanted to be true but couldn’t believe was. John had proven his courage and tenacity time and time again, but somehow Sherlock had never quite believed it was possible he could have found someone who would—or not
kicked Sherlock in the ankle as he crossed it over his knee. Sherlock hardly shot him a glance before zeroing back in on his subject.
He was sitting in his chair, idly flipping his phone around in his hand. Apart from the increasing number of dizzy spells he wasn’t experiencing any debilitating symptoms yet. He had worked the past two days at the surgery as though nothing was wrong. He didn’t see why not; when the poison triggered the shock-inducing reaction it would happen suddenly. There was nothing preventing him from functioning normally until that time, and god only knew he wasn’t going to spend the days sitting in an empty flat waiting to keel over.
Sherlock observed John tighten his grip on the doorjamb where he was leaning between the living room and kitchen and close his eyes, just for a moment, almost a longer blink, as he took in the words and judged them accordingly. When he glanced up again he said simply, “I believe you.”
It was close to three-thirty in the morning when Sherlock’s eyes flew open. He had dozed off sitting up in bed with the laptop balanced on his legs. He estimated, considering the screensaver and battery level, that he’d been asleep for about an hour.
Sherlock. His best friend. But no, not his best friend. Sherlock was so much more. He was everything. The hero of his stories. Sherlock had given him a reason to live at a time John was sure he had none. He’d cured his limp and turned his world upside down within a day. The man who’d saved him. The man who he devoted all his time and energy to protecting in return. And she—the woman he’d chosen to love—she’d
Moran shook his head. “You misunderstand. I wouldn’t kill you by overdose; far too messy. This is a sample of our product for you, on the house. I know what a connoisseur you are, and I believe we have a particularly fine supply this season.”
Sherlock’s bright eyes sliced toward him over the edge of the paper. "There are many things I could do. Just as there are many things
In one of his mood swings Sherlock snapped from lethargy to energy as he leapt out of his chair. He walked to the wall where he’d pinned the pictures of the corpses. John followed him. This was his favourite part. In his mind he had a tangled web of theories. As he spoke them aloud they smoothed out neatly into a logical progression.
John guided Sherlock up the stairs to their flat and down the hallway to his bedroom. He was walking all right, but in a kind of half-asleep, half-drug-induced-trance. John pulled off Sherlock’s top layers—coat, jacket, ripped shirt—and he dropped heavily onto the bed. Sherlock pulled weakly at his belt but gave up when his numb fingers wouldn’t work the way he wanted them to. John gritted his teeth, silenced his accusatory mind-crowd, and undid his flatmate’s belt, sliding it off of him. He moved down to the shoes, unlacing them and pulling them off. Sherlock immediately curled onto his side and John pulled the blanket up over him, his hand lingering on his shoulder.
John knew that before they’d met no one had ever considered Sherlock funny. Sarcastic, sure, but incapable of any joking, light-hearted humour. He knew this because the first few times John had laughed at something Sherlock said, his face had gone blank with surprise before eventually smiling sheepishly himself. Since then Sherlock had endeavoured to make other jokes with varying levels of success. Timing and audience were still an issue (John recalled with a shiver the, “Well, Mrs. Higgins if your husband had kept his head in the situation I’d be able to solve the problem much faster,” comment in reference to the recently decapitated Mr. Higgins, whose head inconveniently had not been present at the crime scene), but Sherlock had undoubtedly improved. John couldn’t help feeling a warm fondness for the consulting detective who, icy by default, nevertheless appeared to be pleased with himself if he could make John laugh.
“I’m aware this attitude of yours is merely compensation for the fact that you have no power in this dynamic,” Mycroft said, folding the newspaper and placing it on the side table. “But can we skip it this time, in favour of discussing something more important?”
Sherlock stepped away into the adjoining dining room. John could just make out parts of his sentences: “Incident last night”—“Neighbourly Movers”—“recent hires.” Evidently he was giving Lestrade orders; nothing new there.
She stepped forward to take what she knew would be her last chance. “He lied to you too, you know. He allowed you to believe he was dead for years without bothering to contact you. He’s just as manipulative and deceitful-”
“Sherlock,” John said in his best warning tone before looking back up at their landlady. “What can we do for you?”
Those incredibly distinctive eyes were as exceptional and enigmatic as their owner. Arresting verdigris tinged with darker green in some areas, greyer blue in others, and spots of bright gold flecked throughout. As a doctor John recognised this as partial heterochromia iridis, a not entirely uncommon condition which causes multicoloured irises. But as a person who was often on the receiving end of Sherlock’s renowned Piercing Stare it was difficult not to be mystified by the colours. The irises seemed to have changed every time he looked at them, like something in a dream that can’t be held by memory; something fluid and shifting. It was frustrating. Several times John had even missed part of what Sherlock was lecturing (or shouting) about due to his suspicion that Sherlock’s eyes had changed again.
“Sherlock! What are you doing here?” John asked, stepping out and shutting the door behind him. “You look, erm—” John was not at all sure why he had started that sentence, or where it was going. Fortunately he didn’t have to finish it.
John was sitting on the edge of his bed, facing the door as though he’d been waiting for him. He was also wearing wellies, absently splashing the river flowing across the floor with one foot.
If the situation hadn't been so alarming the detail would have been sweet, almost childlike: needy, possessive the way children are.
He remembered this part clearly. Sherlock crossed the room swiftly and grabbed his arms to prevent him from tearing the shirt. With deft fingers he’d undone John’s shirt in an instant.
They stood in the centre of Tony’s living room. There was an open beer on the side table next to the couch and
John grabbed his gun and his blood ran cold as he remembered emptying the bullets. But there was no time to waste on frustration or regret. Every second was vital now, and it took him less than one to form an alternate plan. He flipped the gun in his hand and smashed the window with the pistol. Glass rained down around him as he leapt into the warehouse. The thick soles of his desert combat boots hit the concrete floor and he crouched low to absorb the impact—army drills had made the action automatic, faster than memory.
John stepped forward to fill the space Sherlock had made when he'd stepped back. He took Sherlock's right hand with his left and he wrapped his right hand around to Sherlock's back. The spot was warm from where John's hand had been before, and he felt the heat of his palm again through the thin material of his shirt. The music was still playing and Sherlock counted, "One, two, three."
But no, John couldn’t be sure of anything, because Sherlock was different. Like him, Sherlock didn’t have friends or best friends either. John had no frame of reference, there was nothing to compare him to; there was nothing like Sherlock. But the lines of friendship and
He kicked a pair of handcuffs aside and stepped over a teacup. He was annoyed by the flat’s illogical ability to be oppressively cluttered and yet feel empty at the same time. It was too quiet. He went to the windowsill and unlatched his violin case. The beautiful Stradivarius was easily the most valuable item in the flat.
John relaxed as his live-in scientist placed another sample into the chemical analysis device for processing.
Settling on a decision, he tore himself away from John’s side and slipped back into his bed, prepared to feign sleep in an instant.
The time was almost ten, and the club was in full swing. It was crowded. The majority of the patrons were men, although John spotted a few women here and there, and one particularly conspicuous group of women surrounding a platform, shrieking and cheering.
It was around ten o’clock and they were halfway through the film when the doorbell rang. Mary looked questioningly at John, who shrugged. Standing, he muttered, “I’ll see who it is.”
“I got him to eat breakfast, but no luck with lunch,” Mrs. Hudson was saying. “And I gave him a pill at four, so don’t let him tell you otherwise.”
“There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.” John’s eyes flew open at the sound of Sherlock’s voice: deep silk answering his thoughts as though he’d spoken them out loud, reading his mind the way he always could.
One o’clock found Lestrade standing by Sherlock’s bedside and feeling rather like a child being reprimanded. Sherlock was awake, sitting up in the hospital bed, looking worse for the wear, and doing his best to focus on the ceiling instead of his brother.
He’d steeled himself to let John go, but as soon as the drugs loosened his control his mind threw the truth at him hard. He'd made a mistake. It wasn't right. It wasn't right to leave. To leave John with Mary. The overdose was his brain screaming it at him.
He stood up slowly. He couldn’t feel the floor beneath him. There was no air in the room. How was he breathing? He must have forgotten how to breathe. The point seemed unimportant. He walked into the kitchen in a trance. He took two small knives from the wooden block—short, steel blades—placing one in his pocket and the other behind his back.
John flexed his hands from where they’d clenched into fists around his sheets. He breathed. He had to refocus his thoughts or lose himself to the futile frustration of bitter regret.
Final note: This story (like so many other BBC canon based fics) could not have been written without the flawless transcripts by
John dropped the gym bag. His lips parted in surprise and Sherlock pressed his advantage, pushing his tongue into John’s mouth. His taste shocked through him, filling his head so completely he could barely think beyond the word 'more.' Sherlock was on top of him, pushing into him, his mouth, his hands, his hips. That expensive almond shampoo blurred to a background note beneath the raw scent of Sherlock’s skin. He smelled like the night, like the electricity of a storm, like adrenaline. It sent a wave of aching desire through John's body and he nearly groaned at the sensation. For a moment he wanted nothing more than to kiss back just as roughly; bite at the detective’s full, improbably soft lips. He’d never wanted anyone more, and at the same time he knew he wouldn’t be stupid enough to put himself in the same position he’d been in three days ago.
“Hooks like that are used, most recognisably in Amsterdam, for moving furniture in and out of flats that don’t have lifts and are too narrow to carry large objects up and down stairs,” Sherlock explained. “Our killers probably thought it would be a quieter method of getting the body out of the building in the middle of the night.”
And yet he wasn’t. He wasn’t here at all. The liminal space of a coma. He could take John’s hand and still not be able to reach him.
He didn’t wait long. Sherlock was striding across the field and stopped just in front of him. Too close. It was always too close. His coat was unbuttoned. He was wearing one of his more flattering suits (as though the wanker owned an unflattering suit) with a grey shirt underneath, deep blue scarf hanging loosely around his neck. He stuffed his gloved hands into his coat pockets. John, in his rugby kit—knee-high black socks, black athletic shorts, and a red and black striped shirt—set his jaw and didn’t step back. He had the spikes on his rugby boots dug into the grass, good traction if he needed to knock Sherlock over. (He really might need to knock Sherlock over.)
“Halloween party,” John said, placing his gun in the holster on his belt. He’d just finished removing the bullets from the magazine. He didn’t have time to buy a fake gun for his ‘costume,’ so he'd compromised by emptying the bullets from his real one. Everyone would assume it was fake—few people could tell the difference—and the gun wouldn’t be loaded if anyone asked to see it. “For the surgery; promised I’d go.”
“Yoo-hoo!” came Mrs. Hudson’s voice through the door barely a moment before she opened it. She was carrying a large plate of biscuits covered by cling film. “Hello, boys,” she said looking back and forth between them. “I hope I’m not interrupting anything.”
"Yes I'm serious." Sherlock jumped back up from the chair. His eyes flashed: a surge in current that switched shining to burning. "Your work at the surgery is dull and beneath your capabilities. 'Yes, Mrs. Higgins you may take two paracetamols for your headache,'" Sherlock sneered. "'No, Mr. Jones the freckle on your arm is not cancer,' 'Let's have a look at your colon, Mr. Davies.'"
“Amy Elliott died in a car crash earlier this month when her body was flung through the windscreen of Brandon Riley’s car. Riley also died on impact,” Sherlock stated.
when he’s with you, John. At the very least you could stop him from causing a scandal by announcing who’s sleeping with whose husband—”
“We were in the neighbourhood and Kathleen asked us to drop off your work badge,” Sherlock said, drawing a white ID card out of his pocket. John looked at it in amazement. He must have nicked it from Kathleen’s living room.
“Is that a threat?” Moriarty furrowed his eyebrows. “Erm, look, Sherlock, I know your mind palace has gone aquatic and all that, but do I really need to remind you that it’s largely ineffective to threaten dead people?”
John crossed his arms. “So in order to test your hypothesis you shoved me up against a wall and kissed me.”
He’d only seen it for what it was on the surface: a misguided exploration of a case from the past, loosely linked to the possibility of Moriarty’s reappearance. Now he knew what it really had been. It had been a warning. A precursor to exactly what had happened with John in the cemetery tonight.
Sherlock stared at him blankly. John gave up and held out his right hand. Sherlock grasped it firmly, aware of John’s eyes darting to his face. He took the knife from behind his back and slashed it quickly, shallowly, across John’s palm.
“You just—you just need to sign them.” She pulled the packet out from the envelope and offered it to him. He took it, walking to the table and lifting the pen Sherlock had been using to make notes.
He opened his eyes. But Sherlock was here, now, pressed so close to him John could feel his breathing. And this time he wouldn’t let him go. Sherlock would always be there to talk to him, tearing the universe apart in deductions with that voice, telling him to send a text to Lestrade in that voice. Because he had to be. He was, by far, the most important thing that had ever destructively crashed into John’s life and John was not going to lose him again. He couldn’t. If Sherlock dropped dead tomorrow they would have to pry John off of his body because he would never believe it again.
"Ow," John said to the newly empty living room. His neck hurt like hell. His shoulder was stiff. He didn't remotely understand how Sherlock could spend the night on the floor and still jump up as agilely as a child. It wasn't fair. How could a thirty-two-year-old man spend his days crawling around the pavement on his knees and never feel the aches and pains of age?
. But for some reason, despite knowing Sherlock’s motive, Mycroft continued to allow him to invent new ways to pickpocket his wallet. Perhaps Mycroft’s passivity about this was a manifestation of Caring about his brother’s financial situation.
John smirked at the detective’s usual amount of tact. No one stood a chance. With Sherlock you were stupid long before you even had the chance to open your mouth and incriminate yourself.
Sherlock did his best to lock his eyes on his abhorrent older brother even as he blurred out of focus. His skin was buzzing. He could feel his heart beating at a pace that would have been alarming if he'd cared even slightly.
When John opened the door to the flat he was not surprised to find Sherlock with his violin at his shoulder. He’d heard the music from the street as it drifted through the open window. He was quite taken aback, however, to see his flatmate dressed to the nines in a strikingly smart tux with his hair even more precisely arranged than usual.
He refocused. “Take a look at this,” he said, pulling the page he’d memorised from his pocket. He handed it to John. “Mycroft says there’s an answer here.”
on, he needed nothing else. Neither food nor rest nor any of those restraints that chain mortals to the drudgery of their daily lives. When the game was on he broke unbreakable cyphers, bent steel, stripped the universe to its chemical contents, ran as though he weren’t bound to Earth…
“And that will be a very embarrassing day for me professionally, so you have to understand why I’m taking precautions.”
They’d been a couple without benefits and John couldn’t believe the sheer idiocy of the concept. But he had to remind himself that he hadn’t known. Not because it wasn’t obvious—it was—and not because people hadn’t told him—they had, repeatedly. He hadn’t known because he hadn’t been ready to know. And he assumed the same was true for Sherlock. The feeling—that electricity—had always been there, but until now they’d moved around each other as though there was a wall between them, unacknowledged but constant. Now it was gone, and there was a sudden, dizzying freedom in being released from what had been an invisible cage.
His untouchable flatmate had never been sexually interested in anyone before. Why should he be interested in John now? Irene Adler had come the closest, and she had been, well,
As he’d expected, there was a considerable backlog of Sherlock’s clothes to be picked up. They were delighted to see him when he walked in.
John angled his head and when their lips met he paced the kiss deliberate and slow. He kissed Sherlock like he watched him at crime scenes, doing his best to communicate all of his admiration and amazement. He kissed Sherlock like he deserved to be kissed: tenderly, honestly, thoroughly, with all the adoration a person can single-mindedly focus on the body in front of him, on the dazzling mind behind those spectacular eyes. He kissed Sherlock like he was not an outsider, ostracised by all who knew him; he kissed him like he belonged—like there was nowhere he belonged more completely than right here at the centre of John’s world. He kissed Sherlock like he was precious, exquisite and rare, extraordinary, like he was worth protecting, like he was worth everything.
"Oh, love, you know how much I care about you. I'll support you in whatever you choose. But just… think about it. You still have time. I know you boys don't think much of my history, but I've learned a thing or two in my years and I can tell you it's better to change your mind now than later."
As he walked back through the stuffy, silent Diogenes Club John thought about how satisfying it would be to bring in an air horn and shock those white toupees right off.
But now John was walking away from him, believing Sherlock didn’t trust him at all, and that wouldn’t do. Sherlock quickly ran through the options in his mind and realised the truth was going to be the only workable solution. And John really wasn’t going to like it.
John cleared his throat. “Erm, he’s right, actually,” he said to Mrs. Hudson. “I barely managed my wedding dance, and if I did it was only because he taught me—”
John walked briskly down the path. The wind had picked up and it felt good against his face. He regretted his outburst. If he was going to confront Sherlock about trust issues he’d wanted to do it when he was better prepared. He’d said all the wrong things and he just needed a moment alone to think about how to handle the situation.
“And you’re worried he’s going to whack Sherlock”—Mycroft closed his eyes—“as a side-errand while he’s out. A nice revenge treat for himself after ten years in prison with only Sherlock to thank for it.”
difficult to feel sorry for Sherlock Holmes, but sometimes… Sometimes, when Sherlock stood too close to John, when his eyes lingered just a fraction of a second too long, when Mary called and he turned his head away, when he caught John’s sleeve to show him something…
This was the best part. After they made it through a case, scraped and bruised they could laugh about the whole thing over whisky and takeaway. Not that John’s stomach would be up for either any time soon, but they’d get there. They had time now. Eventually they’d get there.
John lapsed into silence and Sherlock was able to return his attention to his work. But after just five minutes he was looking into the microscope when he felt John's presence close at his side. He looked up and John was standing over him with his arms crossed.
Sherlock chucked his phone into the couch. He knew the price for using Mycroft’s money was his brother’s prying, but he needed these chemicals. London had been dismally quiet since the obscure “Did you miss me?” message almost a year ago. There had been a handful of cases interesting enough since then to keep him sane (see Blog, Dr. Watson), but that message… It had saved his life, pulling him back from what would have been a suicide mission, and initially it had been so promising. The promise of intrigue, thrill, a distraction, a
“Well,” John gave her hands an apologetic squeeze before extracting them from his own and stepping back, “it’s for the best…”
“All right, all right, Jesus,” he said, making his way to the bathroom. “You know, I—” The door slammed and Sherlock was gone. John sighed and looked at his reflection. Six a.m. One should never look at one’s reflection at six a.m.
Sherlock looked hard at Lestrade. “God, it’s physically painful to watch you connect the dots. Rodgers was killed by a slow-acting poison. The stabbing was a cover-up, as I said. I have a feeling we’ll find poison in the other two bodies as well,” Sherlock said, tapping the pictures of Neil Parker and Brandon Riley. He turned back to the inspector. “If Bauer has scars on his legs he might have poison in his veins. We need a blood sample, and sooner rather than later. You know,” Sherlock added glibly, “in case he’s dying.”
Images and impressions, everything he had banished from his conscious mind was being swept at him in the flood. It was all he could do to catch bits and pieces of each thought.
“Our parents were too old for a child like Sherlock,” he continued, straightening his posture (if it were possible for it to be any straighter) and clasping his umbrella behind his back. “He was a terror, if you can imagine.” John nodded. “Yes, I’m sure you can. They hired a nanny for him. They hired many nannies for him, in fact, all of whom eventually left in tears until one didn’t. She was Czech—only twenty-two years old, blonde hair, very pretty. Her name was Eliška Mila. She seemed to hold a kind of spell over Sherlock. She spoke to him in Czech and he was quiet, listening—he was two years old then. She played with him, sang to him, kissed him—I believe she loved him, and, incredibly, he was almost docile in her presence. She could quiet his tantrums by holding him in place, looking into his eyes, and speaking to him in Czech. Sherlock, being what he is, learned the language quickly enough that it nearly rivalled English as his first language.”
John wondered if Sherlock would be as patronising with his scarf wrapped and tied around his face. He clasped his hands together to prevent them from trying it. “So what’s my role then?”
Mrs. Bennis smiled at John fondly. “It’s nice to see the police taking a real interest in our little troubles. And such gentlemen! London would be much better for it if all officers were as lovely as the two of you.”
Sherlock watched John half-sleepwalk (fully sleepwalk?) up to his bedroom and remained standing in the living room after he’d gone.
“It doesn’t matter!” Sherlock suddenly turned and grabbed the lapels of John’s jacket and his eyes turned grey. “It went out the window with the glasses and the flowers.” John looked around and it was true. Shards and stems of shattered champagne glasses gleamed on the pavement around them. And flower petals, purple and yellow, were falling around them, settling lightly over the pieces of broken glass.
But John couldn’t think about that now. He needed to focus. How could he find Sherlock? He could be anywhere in London. Calling him wouldn’t help; if Sherlock had lied before, then he wouldn’t tell him where he was now. His only hope would be if Sherlock had talked to someone—if someone else would know where he’d gone.
float by. He looked upstream and squinted at what looked like a plastic tube, vertical in the water, moving toward him.
"John!" Sherlock gave his shoulders a shake, snapping his attention back to centre. "This is an unprecedented stroke of luck!" He snatched the envelope from John's hand and ripped it open, tearing the girl’s information down the middle. His eyes skimmed rapidly across the pages. "Yes, yes, everything is here. Excellent. This morning we had an isolated incident and now we have a pattern! Rodgers isn’t the first cadaver with these scars; he’s the third."
John’s train of thought was instantly derailed as he came upon the visitor centre and saw Sherlock sitting on the steps.
The beat throbbed on and he watched the woman display impressive strength, pulling herself up and down the pole. She was fit, to be sure. It wasn’t difficult to see why she would have success in showing off her body. His eyes flicked sideways again, a repetition John found he couldn't help. Sherlock in the seat next to him was surreal, eyes fixed blankly on the woman in front of them, colour shadows playing across his face warm and cold. John wondered where he was in his mind palace. Even after all the years it was still incredible to John that the detective could leave the conscious world like this, shut out all sensory input and turn his gaze inward. The mental control was truly amazing and John wondered, not for the first time, what it must be like in Sherlock's mind palace. He would give anything to see it. Because the rooms must be filled not only with enough stores of science and crime information to rival the British Library, but also treasures of Sherlock's memories and imagination. If he could have even just an hour to explore the corridors and doorways of that unfathomable mind—
“Several things,” Sherlock said, stroking his hands up her back. John tried to keep his mouth shut as he goggled at the detective and the prostitute. “First of all you arranged these chairs, which are normally on the other side of the room—I can tell from the impressions in the carpet—so that from the camera’s angle the bedpost is blocking my face and you’re mostly blocking my partner’s when you move in front of him.” She spun around so her back was to him, almost sitting in Sherlock’s lap but continuing to move to the music. “Second, you wouldn’t speak until you turned on the music. It’s loud enough to cover the audio. The camera won’t pick up anything intelligible from our voices.”
John slept on and off for the next few days, vaguely aware of Sherlock moving around the flat like a shadow. He never slept, as far as John could tell. He was engrossed in some experiment involving singed hair—not his, John was relieved to learn when he stumbled out of bed at the acrid smell and found Sherlock’s head not on fire.
“It might not happen. But in any case you should know that Reeves has murdered almost a hundred people, both criminal and innocent, and would continue to do so. He’s not a person to trouble one’s conscience over.”
John picked up his pace; he couldn’t waste time wondering if he was going in the right direction. He just had to go.
At the moment, the most pressing consequence of John having absconded with all the magic was Sherlock's bank account. He wasn’t sure if his card hadn’t been accepted due to lack of funds or some other problem, but it was all so tedious he was loath to be bothered with it. He hadn’t logged into his bank account for years. Bank accounts were boring; keeping track of finances was insufferable. His mind was of such superior quality it could only be occupied with the most complex puzzles humankind had to offer. He couldn’t be concerned with anything as dull as money.
John did the last button and looked at himself in the full length mirror on the door of his wardrobe.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “She wouldn’t be likely to agree if I told her it was for a criminal investigation, would she.”
Mycroft’s presence at Speedy’s was odd to say the least. He’d given John the file as he stepped out to take a call and John hadn’t decided whether he would tell Sherlock the truth or the lie even as he reached the top of the stairs.
Moriarty smiled softly. “But we both know that’s not quite true.” He bit his lip and sighed. “There are certain people whose opinion you could live or die on… Certain people who could
Mycroft went to the hospital. She was unconscious. The doctors said she wasn’t responding well to treatment.
Sherlock was saying things and he had no idea what he was saying. He hoped he was telling John not to leave him, because he needed John to stay with him, to wake up, to get up.
The notes rang out with such clear passion John wondered that anyone, even himself, could ever have thought this man unfeeling. Raw emotion poured from the violin now and John could feel it washing over him.
He sat down in the chair next to the bed. It didn’t look like sleeping. He was too still, too posed. Sleeping was more random. John lay on his side when he was sleeping. He shifted and moved when he was sleeping. But most importantly he always woke up from sleeping, whenever Sherlock touched his shoulder to wake him for a client or a case, eyes fluttering open, murmuring Sherlock’s name in the form of a question.
A year later it was clear they had to put him down. He was old. He was in pain. The line had been crossed—it would be unkinder now to let him continue to live. Except for school, which their parents forced him to attend, Sherlock never left Redbeard’s side in that final week.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, reaching for the file. Lestrade jerked it back. He needed to make his point clear.
John knew he should ignore it. He knew from experience that any words at this point would provoke an attack. However, he really wasn’t in a pacifying mood. The break up with Emily was still fresh from the morning, and the reason she’d dumped him was petulantly stomping around the flat trying to make John as miserable as he was. So a fight had sounded pretty good right about then.
John had gone upstairs to change his shirt or whatever goldfish do in preparation for a ‘pub night,’ and Sherlock grabbed his violin. The frustration of being kept from his work by bureaucratic nonsense was compounded by the discovery that he wouldn’t even have John to distract him from it. He needed an outlet. Since John and Mrs. Hudson had been very clear that target practice (involving John’s gun and the living room wall) was not a viable option, he figured the violin would have to do.
“Do you really not know that I’m bloody insane?” John hissed. “I don’t want a normal life, Sherlock. What I want is to follow you straight up to the gates of Hell and die fighting whatever meets us there."
It was midnight. The thoughts were relentless. Hours and hours. They tore at him. He was nauseous. He couldn’t breathe. He hadn’t let go of John’s wrist. John’s pulse was the only thing anchoring him in the torrent of vicious abuse. The steady pulse reminded him there was hope, a way out of the all-consuming dark.
An opposing player was sprinting toward him with the ball. John threw himself forward, smashing into a body moving full speed. He hit the ground hard, but he was up again in a flash. His teammate passed the ball backward and he caught it, tearing up the field to gain valuable ground. He somersaulted forward when he was tackled around his legs and he landed on his back.
John looked around the room and registered its welcome familiarities. The yellow smiley face spray painted over the wallpaper, the bullet holes in the wall, the bison skull (still wearing the old set of headphones John had clapped over its ‘ears’ after they’d broken), Sherlock’s music stand, the harpoon, Sherlock’s coat thrown carelessly over the couch… The closeness of the room, with its clashing wallpaper and mismatched furniture, seemed a world away from the understated colour coordination and open space of the Kensington terraced house he’d just left. John let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding. If he’d had any misgivings about coming back here he knew now that he’d made the right decision. He was home.
Sherlock’s phone was in his pocket. There was no chance of being able to get to it while his hands were bound behind the back of the chair. No possibility to contact John. Well, he said he would finish this case alone, and now it looked like he was going to. They had enough evidence to arrest Moran for Karina’s death. The drugs would have been a nice bonus, but barring any deus ex machina level intervention, they were going to complete the trade tonight and get away with it.
“Then listen,” Sherlock hissed, gripping John’s shoulders hard enough that the bark of the tree dug into his back. “I couldn’t do it before. My mind hasn’t been set up for anything like—” Sherlock’s gaze wavered from where it had been boring through to the back of John’s head. “I needed to… rearrange. I can do it now.”
intolerable if he had to assist another DI. Lestrade would have preferred a card. Because in the following year the conceited amateur seemed to appear at his shoulder to correct him every time he made a mistake.
After a moment John breathed, “We should not be laughing about this.” He raised his eyes to the sky to try to calm himself.
, he scoffed at Mycroft, plucking out the pack of cigarettes. There was an envelope folded behind it. When Sherlock turned it over he was faintly surprised to find his name written there. (He supposed it was just as well considering he would have opened it anyway.)
The pain, when she was gone, was surprising. He hadn’t had much experience with psychological pain, and was amazed at how he’d underestimated it. He felt torn inside out, like his nerves were exposed and everything hurt. He was drowning and he couldn’t breathe and he knew that
Usually entirely eloquent, Sherlock had discovered soon after meeting him that for some reason ‘John’ was one of the only topics for which the words seemed to vanish even as he reached for them.
It was a while before he noticed the fog was thinning. He could see stretches of grass farther and farther out in front of him and finally there was a dark shape outlined in the distance. A house? John picked up his pace to a jog. Where was he? What was this? It was the first concrete image he’d seen since he shut his eyes in the street with Sherlock—a blur of a memory—how long ago? Days? Weeks?
Sherlock glanced up at him through black eyelashes. God he was beautiful. John wished like hell people would stop trying to break him.
“You can’t tell me any more about what happened here?” Lestrade asked, irked by Sherlock’s demanding tone. “How did he die if it wasn’t the stab wound?”
The detective’s eyes ran over him, reading him, John knew, in that piercingly analytical way of his and John was suddenly hyperaware that he was still wearing only his boxers. The only clothes he had in Sherlock’s room were the ones from last night, and in his current state he truly couldn’t be arsed to get them on again. Sherlock would just have to cope with his boxers. They were nice boxers, anyway. John’s head swam and he wished his unbelievably intense flatmate would stop looking at him like—
Back downstairs Sherlock stretched out on the couch, soil research abandoned for the moment. It was the first nightmare, as far as Sherlock could deduce (and that was pretty far) that John had had since moving to Baker Street. John's nightmares had been placeholders for the real danger John needed to keep him steady. At Baker Street there was no need for nightmares.
Assassin, John scoffed inwardly. Maybe Mary knew him. John scanned the criminal record. Status: Inmate; Offense: Murder, first-degree, multiple.
Sherlock exhaled in a longsuffering way. “We have no reason to believe our three victims are the only people with these scars. They’re only the ones who’ve died.”
Sherlock called back, “Normally I’d agree there isn’t anything better to do than sit.” He reappeared holding John’s toothbrush and John saw with amazement that he’d put toothpaste on it. “But not today. Today, John, we have a case!” Sherlock thrust the toothbrush at John’s (left) hand, and John took it, shoving Sherlock away.
John had taken to running along the cliffs each day on the virtually empty paths. He hadn’t run in a long time, but he was in better shape now, thanks to weekly training with the rugby team and the extra time spent at the gym avoiding Mary. Because of this, and because his army training had taught him to ignore physical fatigue, he’d been able to run five miles on his first day out.
He examined his flatmate. John’s breathing was still slightly rapid, though returning to normal. His hair was sticking out in odd places from the pillow, fair enough to look almost silver in the pale light. Callous wasn’t an option.
“Don’t get your knickers up your arse; I'll pay it,” John said, easing Sherlock into the cab. “221B, Baker Street.”
And John had tried, for a year and one month, to make himself believe in Sherlock’s warped reasoning—that Mary could be forgiven. He’d tried to convince himself he could love the woman he married, who’d turned out to not to be the woman he married at all. How much easier would everything be if he could forgive her? But his unconscious mind, his heart, and his body were rejecting it.
Sherlock shrugged. “The other was to receive the… services we paid for. I assumed this way would be preferable to you as well.”
That must be it, mustn’t it? The poison from the Rodgers case; it was Moran’s poison. It would stand to reason that if he caught Sherlock he would want to poison him, to ensure his death in case Sherlock escaped the man that had been sent to kill him last night. Moran had called him just now to inform him of it. Sherlock had gone to the lab to test his blood, and he would use John’s as the control.
Standing in the darkened hospital room Mycroft looked grimly at the unconscious and wrecked form of his brother holding desperately onto John’s wrist as though it were a life preserver. The tableau gave him a sense of déjà vu. He’d seen this scene before. He’d seen it the night John shot the cab driver. He’d watched Sherlock realising, understanding—watched his eyes as John was suddenly reinterpreted in his mind. And the look on his brother’s face then, eye’s never leaving John’s—Mycroft knew what it meant. It meant this scene, here, now, in the hospital. Like a premonition, Mycroft had seen Sherlock just as he was now at John’s bedside. But of course there were no such things as premonitions. It was simply the balance of probability. His brother’s work was dangerous; it was only a matter of time before John ended up here, either dead or barely alive. It was incredible it hadn’t happened sooner.
Sherlock was arrogant and bossy from the time he learned to talk, cleverer than any of his tutors, and a constant torment to their parents. He was a genius—officially declared so by the Stanford-Binet test (although Sherlock’s score, Mycroft discovered with no small amount of smugness when he pinched the envelope from his father’s study, was two points lower than his had been when he’d taken it at the same age)—but he was a hazard as well. He was a profoundly destructive child, gleefully breaking apart toys to see what was inside, cutting his skin to find out what was underneath, and lighting fires to watch how things burned.
John leaned into his flatmate’s wiry, sturdy body, thinking of the road through Hell they’d taken to get to this point. Walking through the door of 221B just now had felt like coming home from Afghanistan—wounded and weary, but this time he had someone to come home to. And not just anyone. The person who held him now was his comrade in arms, his flatmate, his detective, his scientist, the man who had saved him again, this time by inventing an impossible antidote, and by simply being who he was: genius, beautiful, inexplicable, infuriating, endearing, intimidating, immature, challenging, wonderful—someone to die for, but more importantly someone to live for.
He had warned Sherlock not to get involved. Of course it had been too late even then. And now… He would watch Sherlock closely now.
John released Sherlock with a shove. “No. Not until you ran out the fucking door. Three days, Sherlock. Three days and I haven’t seen or heard from you. Not one word. Do you have any idea—” John cut off the words. It was obvious Sherlock didn’t have any idea. He didn’t empathise. It wouldn’t occur to him to consider how it would feel if the situation had been reversed. Wherever he’d been these past few days he probably hadn’t given a thought to what John was feeling—the nausea that had gripped him when Sherlock pushed him away. The crushing, suffocating desperation John had felt at Sherlock letting him kiss him like that and then leaving as though he’d changed his mind—as though he’d re-evaluated and decided it wasn’t good enough or wasn’t worth it. As though he wanted nothing more to do with him. Sherlock wouldn’t have considered any of that. He never would.
“It’s imperative we aren’t seen,” Sherlock said. “Moran can’t know we have this information, that we’re this close on his trail.”
On Sunday he felt well enough to venture outdoors for a walk. On Monday he went out for longer. Today he felt almost fully recovered, and when he came home from his walk, trotting briskly up the stairs, he was optimistic enough to consider going for a jog tomorrow.
But the data hadn’t made it through to his conscious awareness. He’d been distracted by the flooding. His emotions for John had made him miss the facts. The feelings had drowned out what was important: namely, the fact that John had—what he had confirmed himself to be—an irreversible poison running in his veins, killing him slowly.
The depth of Sherlock’s skill and the extent of his genius—whether it was deduction or chemistry or code breaking or acting or fighting or speaking foreign languages or playing the violin—never ceased to amaze John. Sherlock had talent woven through him like a silver lining and so often it shone brighter than anything else around him.
John looked out the tinted window at the passing streets and allowed himself to acknowledge that his remark may not have been entirely sarcastic. Underneath his principal annoyance at being shanghaied, he found the smallest amount of pleasure in the familiarity of the situation. This was life at Baker Street; it wouldn’t be complete without routine kidnappings by Mycroft’s lackeys.
John's eyes snapped open. Hot embarrassment shocked through him as the situation crystallised from soft, dream-infused nonsense to tactile reality. Cuddling. Sherlock Holmes. His brain scrambled to make sense of the inflow of stimuli.
John shut his eyes and for an instant saw the inverted scattering of sunset light on the inside of his eyelids. Sherlock ‘wasn’t aware of the extent to which he would be affected by his absence?’ Hadn’t Sherlock considered how
him. Even just out of the corner of his eye, Molly knew he was tracking John’s movements, glancing up if he left the room or entered it. He was aware of John’s presence the way he was of no one else’s.
What was he seeing? Was it the pool every time? Or had the experience been triggering? An opening of gates that allowed memories of the war to come flooding back into his unconscious mind.
The new design fully integrated his feelings for John throughout his entire mind palace. They took up no space at all, but at the same time they were omnipresent, surrounding his mind completely—insulating it the way John insulated him from the world. They were like John’s presence at Baker Street: Unobtrusive and quiet, but so essential, so thoroughly woven throughout the space that it would be someplace else entirely without it; comforting, pleasant, always with him, in every room of 221B and now in every room of his mind palace.
John stopped in his tracks. “Oh, you know? Good, because I’ve seen it,” he hissed. “Just transport, right? Blood pooled under your head, streaked across your face, no pulse in your wrist. What does that matter? It’s only transport.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s arms. “Are you hurt?” he asked, eyes running fast over John’s body. He’d heard the second shot as well. “Your arm,” he murmured, whipping off his glove to gingerly twist John’s upper left arm.
He leaned back against the pillar, hand on his gun against the small of his back. He was dizzy now. He hoped the spell would clear in time to get a good shot at Moran. He only needed one good shot.
John crossed his arms, instantly on the defensive. “You nearly died last night; I wasn’t going to leave you here alone.”
Carl Reeves—formerly an assassin, currently dead thanks to one John Watson—had been hired, presumably by Moran, to eliminate a “prominent drug dealer,” as Mycroft had put it when he’d texted him the assassin’s picture. If Sherlock was correct in putting the pieces together, then his might not be the only murder on the evening’s agenda.
John laughed, shaking his head, and when he looked back at Sherlock there was an emotion in his eyes that Sherlock found was immobilising his legs. He was vaguely aware that he hadn’t let John go, but suddenly he didn’t want to. The paralysis in his legs seemed to be spreading through his upper body as it occurred to him that this is exactly what he had wanted. Ever since he’d jumped off the roof of Barts he’d been waiting for this.
Moran laughed. “We’re hoping you’ll live to get our surprise. But don’t worry if you don’t. It’s a win-win situation for us. Good luck, Mr. Holmes.”
“He’ll be fine,” Sherlock replied dismissively. “He’ll have worse happen than getting a picture taken of his legs.”
This was the angle he looked at lovers from. Never friends. Never patients. In all his life he had never seen anyone but a lover looking up at him from this close angle; and never anyone looking anything like Sherlock Holmes. His mind reeled, struggling to interpret the situation.
John leaned back in his chair, exhaling slowly. The predominant feeling was relief. So he was dying, and not Sherlock. It wasn’t ideal, but it was infinitely better than the other way around. Because he wouldn’t do that again. He couldn’t. It wasn’t an option. It would shatter him completely, again, but this time there wouldn’t be pieces large enough to put back together—a consequence of repeated breaking. No, it was better this way.
Undernutrition. Overdose. Collapse. They had treated him immediately and Mycroft had waited by his side. He’d done it once before. Six years ago. Sherlock had overdosed on heroin. A detective inspector from Scotland Yard had brought him to the hospital and Mycroft had sat by his bed all night, only getting up to leave sometime mid-morning as Sherlock woke.
He navigated Sherlock’s phone as easily as his own and prepared to type whatever Sherlock would tell him.
“We’ll have to move him for rounds in an hour,” the nurse said to Mycroft, looking sceptically at the extra body in her patient’s bed.
Did John remember the moment? Of course he must; it couldn't be a coincidence. A thought struck Sherlock and his eyes perused John's face in attempt to confirm it. Did John record information about him the same way he did about John? One thing he’d eaten voluntarily and John had remembered it all this time. Was John quietly cataloguing his food preferences? And using the information to manipulate him into eating more, as John, ever the good doctor, was always insisting he do?
at him and he could feel it rising in his own blood. He remembered that night, running with Sherlock, the cops just around the corner. The rush had been exhilarating. Just the two of them against the world (close to literally at that point, with Sherlock’s name slandered and the police after them). But then, that had also been the night before—
John had not meant to choose that moment, of all moments, to suddenly decide consulting detectives were for kissing rather than biographing. And now there would be consequences. It would all depend on Sherlock’s behaviour when he got home. John had debated waking him up in the morning, eventually deciding it would be best for both of them to have the day off—a little time to sort themselves before any commentary on last night’s events would have to take place. Maybe, if John was really lucky, Sherlock wouldn’t say anything at all, and they could pretend it never happened.
John looked up at his impossible flatmate. He had his blue dressing gown thrown over pyjama trousers and t-shirt. Strikingly thin, as usual, but never frail; there was visible strength in the sinewy muscles just outlined by the thin fabric. His hair was mussed from sleep. So he'd only just woken as well.
John never thought he would feel so at ease living with such a difficult personality. He’d been shocked to recognise how well he and Sherlock got on. There was a calm comfort (which paradoxically included blowtorches and the occasional appearance of murderers) in 221B that he’d missed sorely since his falling out with Mary or, perhaps more accurately, since the night he’d returned to an empty flat after Sherlock had jumped off the roof of Barts.
“I wasn’t laughing at you,” he said, knowing this was the unquestioned answer John needed to hear. John looked back at him, waiting. A step in the right direction but it wasn’t enough. He’d already apologised. Apologising again wouldn’t have any further effect. He needed to give John something in return for what he’d told him. It was the only way.
“No. Far too many possible side-effects and risk factors. Monroe’s doesn’t want its clients coming back with health complaints. What’s in here”—Sherlock tapped the tube against his palm—“is a variation on the same concept. The pharmacology has been manipulated to make the drug milder, and much safer. There’s an expert chemist somewhere in the works…” Sherlock trailed off, thinking.
Sherlock wondered if he could put enough pressure on the right people to get Mycroft transferred to Siberia.
“Stay here,” John barked as he flung open the cab door. “Keep the meter running I don’t care.” He ran toward the warehouse the GPS on his phone was indicating.
It was a headache Mycroft didn’t have time for. Normally he wouldn’t care—normally being forced to consider his brother’s sexuality would have made him rather cross (in fact it was a blessing that heretofore there hadn’t been one to consider)—but this was different.
John knew Sherlock wouldn’t be bothered by his absence, considering he’d apparently already forgotten John had moved back in, having left the next morning without a word. John guessed he could stay in Ireland for a month and return to find Sherlock surprised to discover he’d been away at all.
John fumbled, stepping forward and pulling Sherlock toward him when he should have been pushing him back. They collided and John stopped.
From where he was lying in the grass John turned his head to the side to give Sherlock a hard look, but it softened when he saw that the detective had drawn his knees to his chest and looped his arms around them. The posture, which John had often seen Sherlock adopt while thinking, was endearingly childlike for a tall man wearing an expensive suit.
Mycroft had seen it too. They rushed to John’s side as he shifted, lifting his arm to embrace the man curled around him.
Molly didn’t look back as the door swung shut behind them. John and Mary were divorced? How? When? Why? And more importantly, what did that mean for Sherlock?
John didn’t know how long they stood there like that in the doorway, but finally he pulled back, separating them just enough that he could see Sherlock’s face. The expression in the detective’s eyes made John’s words catch as he spoke them. “Thank you.”
John thought, turning in circles as he walked to try to get a glimpse of anything through the fog that could ground him.
“It’s genius—virtually undetectable by standard autopsy,” Sherlock said to himself and by proxy to John. “I was only able to find it because I was looking for it.”
John knew Sherlock wouldn’t need an explanation. He would know the drugs by name. He took them and handed the glass back.
“It’s heroin,” he gasped, acutely familiar with the sensation. “That’s more than I’d normally take but unless you’ve laced it with something it’s not enough to kill me.”
“When I came back to London and I said I didn’t contact you because I thought you’d say something indiscreet.”
his protector, his saviour, his break in what had been an impenetrable wall of emotional and sexual disinterest
She waited for a response. Receiving none she went on. "It's true I read Dr. Watson's blog.” Her blush faintly reappeared. "I couldn't help thinking this was something you might be interested in..."
“Each of the men has a large number of these small scars, and each scar was made at a different time. Unless they were repeatedly being threatened—which is highly unlikely considering the background checks Lestrade ran on them—we have to assume they were electing to have these cuts made.”
John’s uniforms, don’t you?” Moran’s eyes gleamed. “You like that he’s a doctor. You’re as impressed by the white coat as you are by the camouflage. You admire John because he succeeded in the system where you never could. Uniforms, honorary signs of achievement, belonging—he belongs where you never did. You survive only by operating outside of it.” His voice softened. “It would have killed you. But you’ve always been attracted to things that would kill you, haven’t you. Your self-destructive addictions.”
Sherlock almost laughed out loud. He'd had no idea. Sherlock Holmes—the detective of detail, the master of minutia—he actually hadn't noticed. He never bothered paying attention to what he ate. Food was at the bottom of his list of interests along with golf and poetry. He closed his eyes and saw clearly the meals he ate reappearing on their table and the meals he didn't failing to do so.
dancer. He glided across the floor as gracefully as—well, as he did everything else. John had never met anyone so agile and poised. It was only logical that he would be an exceptional dancer. Sherlock's body was made for dancing like it was made for expensive suits.
“If you’re still in mediation mode you may go back downstairs and tell Mary I’m not leaving,” Sherlock said. He didn’t care whether Mary, the hospital staff, or the British Army came through that door. He wouldn’t leave without a fight.
He blinked at it. Not lab results. It was the torn envelope with the girl’s—Hannah's—number on the back.
Sherlock’s eyes were flecked with gold, wide as he watched him. John couldn’t help squirming under the intensity of his gaze and the weight of his body.
He lifted his gaze from Sherlock’s neck and was surprised to find he was looking at him hesitantly, and all at once John remembered that Sherlock (most likely) had never done this before. Technically John had never done this before either, not with a man, but he was a doctor: he knew the logistics at least in theory. But Sherlock had chosen not to be physical with anyone until now, and John resolved not to push him. They would go as slow as necessary—
The victim was young and in good shape. Maybe the poor sod had even tried to fight—coming home drunk from the bar, being held at knifepoint, just enough alcohol to convince him to play the hero… The story was fairly straightforward. In other words, not a situation in which he would normally text Sherlock.
“Fine, fine, fine,” Mrs. Hudson replied hastily. “It’ll be worth it anyway to see the looks on their faces when I show up with the two of you. You’ll be the handsomest men there. By a long shot,” she added.
John woke up on his right side with a dull pain aching through it. The living room floor was not nearly as comfortable as the drug had made it seem. The rug was thin, very thin, and the wood floorboards were pressing into his hip and shoulder with bruising force. His left shoulder was stiff. His back was cold—no blanket. But he supposed he didn't really need one, what with his peacefully sleeping, heat-generating flatmate curled into his front. No, a blanket wasn't necessary when he had—
The next evening John was in Ireland, standing on a path at the edge of the famous, western-facing Cliffs of Moher looking out at the most spectacular sunset he may have ever seen. The stunning view accomplished everything he’d hoped it would. London and liars seemed far away and unimportant as he watched the sun sink into the water and light the clouds like fire. There were bigger, more incomprehensible things in the world than any of his current problems. He allowed this understanding to wash over him, and he felt at peace.
He concentrated hard. The flat. Last night. How did he end up here? He got a flash of an image. Stairs. And then… Yes, that was it. He’d fallen on the stairs leading up to the flat. He confirmed the memory by touching the bruise on his leg. The resultant dull pain brought back the memory in full.
“What, no plan?” John lifted his eyebrows. “Sherlock Holmes can trace a locked-room, delayed-action stabbing to a wedding photographer, but he can’t get a man out of his trousers?”
John was referring to Sherlock’s last serious bout of boredom when they’d lived together. It had resulted in an experiment involving the effectiveness of duct tape to gather particles (hair, fibres, dirt, dust, etc.) for forensic evidence. John had come home to find many things wrapped up in the tape, not the least of which being his laptop, all of his socks, and the couch.
that taste; it was almost alarming how fast his body responded to it. Sherlock leaned up into the contact, and John felt the field and the park around them dim to nothing.
Hello, everyone! As you know, this story deals quite heavily with BBC canon and in the wake of a new episode it seems I was unable to resist weaving it in already. (I meant to give it at least another update, but it just dropped in so nicely!) The reference is only a few lines of dialogue from the episode pulled out of context. I wouldn't call it a spoiler, but feel free lob pitchforks if you read and disagree. There will be continued TAB references in the following chapters, so if you haven't seen it I hope you'll be able to watch it soon and continue on here with me!
The bedroom was about John's personal life. There were bookshelves full of his memories—stories he had told Sherlock and stories he hadn't, the ones Sherlock had deduced. A few photographs of his childhood dotted the shelves; not so many as to be cluttered, but the ones that stood out in his memory from the time—early on when John had first moved in— he'd stolen a photo album from a box of his things in an effort to obtain more information about his new flatmate.
