Tony rubbed his forehead wearily and muttered under his breath. “Well aren’t you two full of sunshine and daisies today.” He continued in a louder voice. “You’ll have to talk to the Captain then.”
“Oh? What’s that?”
“Ah...well, I will get out of your hair and let you do what you were doing without me intruding.”
Steve only barely registered what was going on in the news because he was engrossed in his work.
“I hear everything you say.” Tony was looking at him. Really looking at him and Steve squirmed.
The brunet pouted. “After graduation then?”
“I don’t. I just get the impression that most people enjoy the whole master aspect. I could be wrong but having absolute power over someone must be appealing to certain types.”
Tony was not entirely sure when it happened, but somewhere along the way he and Steve grew to like each other and ultimately became friends. Great friends. Thick as thieves. The whole shebang. And it was good. Really good. So good, in fact, that Tony had to go and fuck it all up by falling for the soldier. Not just a little, but head over heels, ridiculously, wanting to sing it from the rooftops, hopelessly in love with Steve Rogers.
Of course, he also met all sorts of interesting people doing his undercover gig at Iron Man. People adored him in that respect and it had nothing to do with his status as a piano prodigy. No one knew his true identity. Well he took that back. The people in his band knew, but they were sworn to secrecy and he’d come to trust them to keep that secret eventually.
“So are you going to tell me what’s funny or will I need to phone a friend so I can get the answer?”
“You’re so romantic, Tony.”
Steve nodded, “I would imagine so. Let’s get this show on the road.”
Loki cut off Steve with a wide smirk. “Who says there had to be a reason? I did it because I wanted to. As much as I’d enjoy continuing this chat, I have places to be.” He snapped his fingers, most likely only for show, and was gone in an instant.
He turned slightly so he could face Steve a bit. When he looked Tony in the eyes, Tony could only stare at how wide Steve’s pupils were blown. His lips were red and he kept biting them to hold in the moans Tony knew he was trying desperately not to make. He leaned over and kissed Steve hard, the hand stroking Steve’s crotch adding a bit more pressure and moving a bit faster.
The genius lifted a meat tenderizer and glared at the disgruntled machine. “I don’t care if you’re upset because no one around here knows how to properly work you, but if you don’t give me my coffee soon, so help me god…”
As it turns out, she was leading him backstage and told him he would be able to watch Tony from the right wing because his back would be facing it. He had just taken his seat at the piano when Steve finally moved to a spot where he’d be able to see. He’d heard Tony play for him before. He’d listened to Tony on his iPod not realizing it was the same Tony. All of it paled in comparison to what Tony was doing right now. He had known from the get go that Tony was amazing, but seeing this live and in person was something Steve couldn’t put into words. This was Tony in his most natural and comfortable state. This was Tony showing the world just how much of a genius he was. And all Steve could do was stare at him in awe.
“Tony. Please wake up. Please.” He pulled Tony into his lap as he sat, waiting for medical to come and get them.
Tony’s jaw twitched. “What?”
Her lips were pressed together, forming a thin line. “Yes. I have seen the news. You also said that you had every confidence the team could function without you just once and that you’d show up.”
Still nothing.
Nope. Tony tried to maintain a neutral expression.
“And this is Steve.”
Tony blushed and looked away, but Steve gently grabbed his chin and made him look back up. “You are and I mean that.”
“The only information they have is that he went missing and no one knows much afterwards. Those on the inside believe his plane went down and others have tried to locate him, but nothing proved fruitful. He was declared dead and his body was never recovered.”
“No need. You didn’t tell me you were alive. I’ve been worried sick about you and I had to find out from Pepper that you were still with us.”
“Huh. Well it’s all real...swell.”
Rhodey caught Steve’s eye, gaze searching and untrusting. “So…you left one mob to work for another?”
Steve wasn’t bothered by how fast it was happening. He didn’t care that Tony lacked modesty and that he might be a little arrogant because honestly, Tony deserved to be. He didn’t need to hear Tony confirm that he was a genius. That much was obvious already and Tony could have been unbearable in his arrogance, but he wasn’t. He was cautious and only showed the arrogance in short bursts.
Tony snapped his fingers in Steve’s face. “Iron Man, more like. It has a certain ring to it.”
“I wish you could remember, Steve,” he muttered as he grabbed the prototype he’d been working on quickly and put it over his hand, his palm facing the larger man. When Obie laughed again, Tony fired. He hadn’t even tested the repulsors on the suit he was putting together, so he wasn’t prepared for how hard he was going to be thrown back or the sudden paralysis he was feeling.
“Have I told you how fucking hot it is watching you do that?”
*****
The vibrator shut off again.
Steve just shook his head. “Nah. I guess it just...sometimes I feel like Tony gets too involved in his own thing to bother helping out with something like this.”
The god dropped his metal beams into the pile waiting to be taken away. “Of course he would. You have a lot more influence over him than you might realize.”
Tony resorted to drawing smiley face dabs on his because everyone else was finished and it took him all that time just to draw a penis on a cookie. He at least put a barely decent looking star in the middle of Steve’s because Steve deserved the best Tony had to offer and apparently that was it. So when Steve handed Tony his cookie, the genius suddenly found himself a little embarrassed by his tacky creations. Steve had somehow managed to draw Tony’s helmet. Not only did he draw it, he drew it perfectly. There was even some shading in there.
Tony nodded, laughing a little. “Or something.” He might be persuaded to get used to this. You know, one day.
“Oh my god,” Tony muttered. “Well, we need to go. I’ll call you soon though.”
“They’ll be ready soon, Tony. Go get washed up and changed into something else.”
Steve shrugged, let his shoulder fall. “I just don’t.”
It was one thing he had to give the youngest Stark. He’d given Bucky back a piece of himself and with it a sense of purpose again. For that, Steve had always been grateful.
Truth be told, he was sort of eager to find someone to connect with.
“HYDRA is your thing. Not mine,” Tony said with an air of nonchalance that was only partly convincing. “All I care about is holding Obie accountable for whatever he’s done.”
Shit. He thought they had stopped producing those.
Tony shrugged and then looked away. “I don’t think it matters much.”
*****
“Thanks, Dad! Thanks, Steve!”
What the hell just happened?
“Uh, Cap?” Clint called out, slightly out of breath.
The genius pointed a finger at Steve. “You say that a lot.”
“A little cold there, Capsicle?”
Tony snorted. “Well that’s a loaded answer if I ever heard one. Come on, Captain. Tell me about her.”
Steve rubbed at the back of his neck and looked at a spot somewhere to the left of Tony’s head. “What I guess I…” He let out a hard breath, muttering to himself. “Come on, Rogers. Get it together.”
“Steve.” He made sure to stay in front of Tony as the man continued to walk.
Steve nearly jumped when a hand landed on top of his sketchbook and he ripped his earbuds out to glare at his best friend, this time with a bit more malice. “What was that for?”
“So you wore spandex.”
“Is that your answer to everything?” Tony asked, disgusted. “Eliminate anything that gets in the way of things going your way like a kid throwing a tantrum?” Tony squeezed his eyes shut, got quiet. “If you wanted me dead, why did you have me tortured first?”
“That’s what you are to me.”
Tony was shivering.
Tony popped the tab on his root beer and took a sip while staring at his fellow scientist. “I guess just not as much as the whole mob life yeah?”
Dum Dum found him in the back while he was spiking his hair up a bit more. He used an ungodly amount of product to achieve this look so he was going to make sure he got his money’s worth. He’d taken care of his eye liner right away because that was probably his least favorite part. He’d poked himself in the eye more than enough times. He was wearing his usual torn vest and on both arms were his spiked bracelets, which he actually kind of liked and sometimes (only sometimes) thought about wearing more often. The spiked collar he could live without but it definitely helped with the image. He looked over when Dum Dum stepped in front of the mirror to give his moustache a twist and positioned his bowler cap just right. He insisted that it was punk rock after he added some spikes to it, but he refused to perform without it. That was Dum Dum in a nutshell. He cared little about fitting in and was ready to perform after having at least four beers. At least his drum solos were always top notch.
Steve smiled at Tony and rested his head on the back of the couch next to the genius. “Not so bad for an old guy huh?” he said between panted breaths.
Steve gave him a slow smile and kissed him as passionately as he could, wanting to make sure he conveyed every emotion he could. He felt Tony relax and he pulled away slowly, kissing his forehead before pressing their foreheads together again.
Tony grumbled a bit, pretending that he was offended by the idea that he might actually be lying just a little, but he didn’t want to seem too eager to spend time with Steve. He didn’t want Steve to know how eager he was. The thing that Tony knew for sure, no matter how much he wanted more than just friendship with Steve, was the simple fact that he was the absolute king of fucking up. He didn’t want to hurt Steve or make Steve hate him, and that would be if Steve didn’t run for the hills if he ever found out just how much Tony actually liked him. He didn’t deserve Steve even as a friend, much less as something more.
Tony pouted a little. “Okay, point, but…”
They didn’t talk much on the way to Central Park, mostly because Steve was so fascinated with everything going on around him that he didn’t pay much attention to Tony. Tony just used that time to fire a few texts to Pepper to update her on a few things and she yelled at him for texting because it wasn’t like it was hard to track him down through that means of communication. So Tony was in a bit of a sour mood by the time they showed up.
Tony smirked. “I can’t make any promises.”
Tony didn’t speak for a full minute, eyes focused on Steve in a way that made him feel just a little exposed. He was trying to refrain from folding his arms over his chest when Tony snapped his fingers a few times and pointed at Steve, expression excited as if he’d just solved a tough equation. “You’re a secret troll!”
Tony smiled once more just to hide the panic on his face. Dinner. Crap. “I won’t. Just make sure your stomachs are ready. I ordered half the shop. We’ll all be in tryptophan induced comas after tomorrow night. That’s a Stark promise.”
“I can’t…” he inhaled deeply and let out the breath slowly. “I just thought I’d be able to get to Bucky this time, you know?”
“Thanks.”
*****
Tony shook his head. “Okay this is going to sound a little crazy, but stay with me here. Steve is a genie.”
“Maybe,” Steve answered with the sound of doubt lacing that word.
“Oh. Yeah no, that’s, it’s understandable. You’ve got another life after all. I’m not going to tell you that you have to stick around.”
Steve had managed to avoid everyone for about a week. Tony hadn’t attempted to bother him once, but he knew the genius was checking in on him through JARVIS since the AI appeared to be asking how he was doing a lot more frequently than normal. He was somewhat surprised JARVIS hadn’t tried to retaliate after the way he’d treated Tony and that seemed like something Tony would code into all of his machines.
“Are we okay, Tony?”
Steve tilted his head a bit. “It’s not a good idea to trust someone so quickly, especially considering where he just came from.”
“You kicked him? Why the hell would you kick him?” Clint hollered, looking more scandalized than Steve thought the admission warranted
“Yes, yes, yes,” Steve chants, working hard to maintain what little composure he still has. No one is looking, but he’s still being fondled in front of so many people.
“Now…”
Steve turned his head to look at the brunet. “Like what?”
The soldier nodded. “I know. And I love that. You always think of other people first.”
Tony shook his head in disbelief. “What’s the endgame here, huh? What were you hoping to achieve?”
This was how Steve and Tony had found themselves resting in front of a fireplace. He felt miserable and knew Tony probably felt worse. He continued to shiver. Despite that, Tony seemed relaxed as Steve held on to him.
He saluted and turned to walk toward the limo, pausing briefly to turn around and blow Steve a kiss.
“And when did you make him exactly?”
They were both silent again, though this one was shorter than and not as tense as the last.
“Kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss.”
“Just stop it! Stop bothering me! Stop! You’re wasting your time.”
“Why not? It doesn’t seem like any other time is convenient and you have been running away from me.”
Steve scowled at himself when he realized that he was just the slightest bit put out that Tony wasn’t flirting with him this time around. Definitely something he’d have to work out later, when he was preferably alone, and in the mean time he’d have to focus instead on the T-Rex chasing those kids and not on trying to guess what it was that was going on in the genius’ head.
“But this is just a phase. Something you’ll realize you need to grow out of!”
Steve’s head jerked up and he looked at her, his mouth falling open. “Peggy?” He had to look away because he needed to reboot his brain after being thrown into such a loop, but he had ignored the biggest sign of all that she knew Peggy and was probably related to her. So not a coincidence then. His eyes slid toward his friend as he searched for some sort of help.
“Thanks. I uh…” he ran a hand through his hair and gave Tony an apologetic look. “I need to…”
Steve had no idea what to do with this. In his mind, he knew that Tony was only five years old and the idea of superheroes was probably cool to any kid that age, but he also knew that it had to mean something different too. Tony knew he was a genius, knew what he was capable of and had so much to be proud of this early in his life. Then again, he was a kid and probably had no idea how important his genius was, and definitely had no idea how it would end up saving his life in the future. Present. Whenever he remembered. Gosh, this was confusing.
Steve adored Peter. That made this much easier for Tony. It’s not that Tony hadn’t dated at all since he’d had Peter, but it was always difficult and most people were not interested in being a relationship where a child was already involved. Steve didn’t even seem to mind. Peter loved him. Peter talked about him nonstop. Tony could spend the rest of his life talking about how much he loved his son with Steve honestly.
“Now would be a really good time for Steve Rogers to come out and play, Steve.”
“Fuck you, Rogers. We’ll play a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors. Best two out of three gets to sit here while the other gets the snow.”
Tony looked from Clint to Steve for verification, and Steve wondered just how much this was going to happen. “It’s all true.”
Fifteen minutes later, Steve was somewhat amused to find himself being ordered to make pancakes with chocolate chips by Tony who now claimed he was starving.
Bucky breathed a sigh through his nose, a disappointed look on his face. “No.” He took a seat next to Steve. “I think you should sit this one out.”
He had his music blaring. He had a prototype he was working on pulled up. A body armor designed for flight capabilities, one that would allow him to walk into a war zone without being harmed, one with weapons that he could use to destroy what was left of weapons. He felt like he owed it to the citizens of Gulmira to make things right for them. He owed a lot of people so many apologies and the implications of how bad things were had hit him square in the head.
“It might help you sleep.”
“No. I keep acting like I don’t know what anyone is referring to because I can’t get a read on you, but just…” he took a few steps back, his hands lifted. “Figure it out. Give me something to go on. But figure it out first.”
Steve started laughing at that. “He has a point. He gets ice cream out of this.” And then he cleared his throat and got a very serious look on his face for Tony’s benefit. “But your dad is right. You shouldn’t be making bets at this age. You should at least wait until you’re ten.”
“I know, but I figured you wouldn’t feed yourself, and you’ve been hiding for hours now. You made me a dog, the least I can do is make you dinner.”
“Bullshit, Rogers. You don’t need that much time to adjust. What’s going on?”
A sandwich appeared in front of him but Steve was not amused. “Seriously?”
“Mysterious and sexy…”
“I have more than enough proof to put you away for a long time. Emails, transactions, payments, photographs, video feeds—you name it, I’ve got it.”
Steve swallowed. “Well then hear this. I might as well say it and see if our friendship can even survive this. The truth is, Tony, that I sort of fell in love with you not long after we became friends. In the beginning it was easy enough to ignore, but I don’t know. We weren’t close anymore and it hurt. I hate that we keep fighting and that I’m freaking out over something as ridiculous as the fact that we have both changed. I thought you’d move on and that we’d never get the chance to have any closure if you did. It even hurt thinking that, but I didn’t know how to talk to you about it. And you can shut me up anytime because I’m sounding like a really cheesy romcom and I don’t want that.”
“Do you often spy on people like this or...”?
“Nothing, my friend. I think you’re being flagged down. Put those muscles to work, Rogers.”
“Because of this.” And he dropped an advertisement on the table and slid it towards Steve. “Because you have a chance to work things out. You can take the opportunity I’m placing on the table. Go talk to Tony and make it right.”
Steve just winked at Tony. “Don’t worry about it. No pressure. If you don’t want to then you don’t have to.”
Clint swallowed visibly and made a dash for the door, quickly followed out by the others as they split off into every direction looking for their resident kid genius.
“That is not what I’m saying and you need to stop putting words in my mouth, Steve!”
“It doesn’t matter! I still treated it like it was you! I kissed it. I hugged it. I shared a bed with it and now…” he has to stop because he might start hyperventilating soon. He didn’t want to think about it too much.
Tony stopped, rubbing at the side of his face.
Steve nodded and then paused. “I’m glad to see you happy too, Bucky. You and Natasha.”
Steve shook his head. “It has nothing to do with me not wanting to be around you though.”
Steve growled and cupped Tony’s groin, giving it a squeeze. Well that answered that question.
Steve blushed. “I think you’re safe, Tony.”
“Everyone knew.”
Happy gave a small wave.
“Pretty sure that’s what was implied when I said Natasha was performing tonight.”
Tony took a breath. “I can get you clothes. Or you can do that. I’m sure you can do that. Or Pepper can help. She’s good with clothes.”
Tony Stark was sitting just outside the gym when he heard the laughter. He knew from experience that that kind of laughter was the kind usually followed by trouble. He slowly stood up and walked to the corner of the building before peering around the side. A boy, skinny as anything he'd ever seen, was backed into a corner by two basketball players who already had their fists raised. Before Tony could act, one of them punched the boy hard, in the stomach, and laughed as he fell before delivering a kick to his back.
The boy beamed at Steve. “Maybe I can show you what I made. I make a lot of things.”
Steve nodded and had Thor follow him toward the rubble of a fallen building. “We’re clearing this out. There are cranes but they’re sort of everywhere else, so that’s where we come in.”
“Thought you could use a break. That look on your face is killing me.”
“And now she’s calling.” He answered the phone. “Hello, my darling PA. Me and Peter are on our way. ...yes, I know you’re on a tight schedule...no, we have a good excu--...we’re about to lea--...yes, okay, we---...” Tony rolled his eyes. “Pepper, you know I love you and all that, but stop interrupting me, woman! ...sorry, not woman. ...yes, I know. ...I know what time the wedding is. ...you can’t revoke my best man duties just because… fine we’re coming now!” He ended the call. “Peter, chop chop. Pepper just ripped me a new one.”
“Living that way won’t bring you any happiness either.”
Tony was already making his way toward the elevator and the genie followed.
Steve waited for Sharon to take her seat before occupying the seat right next to her. She began talking immediately and not at all at a speed he could keep up with. It wasn’t that she was annoying, but she was working a lot quicker than him and it was making him even more nervous. The server came by and took their drink orders quickly and returned in record time. He continued to listen to Sharon, smiling and nodding at proper intervals. She was animated in the things she spoke of, seemed rather passionate about the things she enjoyed, clearly had a mind of her own and he liked that.
He couldn’t stop thinking about that guy Steve. The one that had been watching him play. At first Tony had been angry about the intrusion but then he saw the look on Steve’s face and decided he was cool with it. It had helped that Steve didn’t know who he really was either. He’d been genuinely impressed, which Tony was always going to be used to, but Steve had seemed earnest and also a little peculiar. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but whatever it was Tony liked it. He had a wholesome American boy next door appeal and the brunet definitely found him appealing. In hindsight, he wished he’d gotten more than just a name because Steve disappeared just as fast as he’d shown up.
Tony shook his hand. “I’m Tony. This is Peter. Great job with the storytelling. I think you just won Peter over.”
Steve visibly relaxed once he saw Tony and he was smiling from ear to ear. “Tony! You’re back! How did it go?”
JARVIS paused for a moment. “I do believe he wants to make his whereabouts known, Captain. I believe this may be a trap.”
Bruce sipped at his tea quietly for a moment. “I guess…I guess this is something you’ll have to figure out yourself, Tony, and I trust that you will. Like you said, you’re a genius.”
That pulled Steve out of his quiet contemplation long enough for him to look at the genius and roll his eyes. “I mean I feel like I know it personally.”
Tony nudged Obadiah a bit roughly with his foot until the other man opened his eyes and narrowed them at him. “You had my family killed. You used me to further your cause until you decided I wasn’t playing well with others, had me tortured in an attempt to gain information all because you were….desperate? Money hungry?”
Steve looked up with a start, pulled from his thoughts and then smiled. “Oh. Hey, Nat. Yeah. Almost finished.”
“I’m calculating the percentages of that possibility, including the variables that will allow me to forgive sooner or hold onto that grudge even longer.”
That caused Steve to laugh a little. “No. I’m going to have to watch you die. If we went the rest of our lives without fighting villains and lived in a world where we could be normal people, I’d outlive you. All of you. Except Thor. And possibly Bruce. But I’d lose you, Tony. Do you not see that? I’ve lost Bucky. I’m losing him again. And the thought that I’m going to lose you one day too scares the hell out of me.”
“You’re a man of contradictions at least. I’m sure she’ll appreciate it.”
He looked up to meet the genie’s gaze to discover he was blushing and Tony smirked. That was apparently the wrong thing to do because his face shifted from embarrassed to angry and he slapped Tony across the face as hard as he could.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and hugged him. “I think it’s perfect the way it is, Tony. I can’t build anything like that.”
“I know,” Tony murmured. “And I’m sorry.”
"I didn't even hack your system this time, Nick."
“It’s just a flesh wound,” Natasha retorted, a wince audible in her voice. “I’ve had worse.”
Steve went back and forth between glaring at the genius and ignoring him completely. He gathered up the firewood that was inside the cabin because, unfortunately, they could not get the door open thanks to the four feet of snow that didn’t so much drift to the ground but rather seemed to fall all at once.
“Apologies, sir, but I am under strict orders by Ms. Potts to have you vacate the area for the following three days or until you speak with Captain Rogers.”
“I’m still trying to process everything. I’m on information overload right now. It’s a lot to take in.”
Rhodey spoke slowly. “You made him an arm?”
“Look, Cap,” he squeezed his shoulder. “I get it. I know. But, Steve, he’s not Bucky anymore. He’s not your friend. He’s was programmed and no matter what you do, he’s never going to be the same again.”
“The moment I get out of this bed, I’m going to hurt you.”
“Then one of us will. Problem solved.” Steve sounded more blase about it than he preferred.
Tony’s head was turned toward Steve and he was giving the blond his own smile as if he’d been waiting for him to show up. Steve lifted his hand and gave Tony a small wave and Tony nodded his head as a hello. He smirked before turning back to the piano and carried on playing a tune that would be recognizable to anyone who heard it. Steve, on his part, felt his smile growing and he had no idea that was actually possible at this point.
When I first met you, I was disappointed to see that you were nothing like Howard. You were and still are disobedient, disrespectful and completely reckless. You were more concerned with doing your own thing and that frustrated me. Then I realized I was being unfair to you because what I was really looking for was that last link that allowed me to hold onto someone from my past.
“I think coffee is the last thing you—“ Steve began, interrupted when his comm alerted him. “Bucky, Thor, and Sam are on their way back from the warehouse. ETA less than five minutes.” He eyed Tony warily.
to die, but if he did, at least it was because he was trying to save the world and it would have been worth it.
Steve’s eye caught on the little rectangular green screen in the center of the bots chest when it briefly paused near a wall. “Sergeant Nuts-N-Bolts,” he read aloud, sounding the words out before mouthing them quietly to himself.
Steve paused his movements and pressed his comm closer to his ear. “What’s wrong?”
“Was that weird?”
Steve cut him off. “No no. It’s...I need to go.”
He heard Pepper apologizing to Steve as he hit the elevator. This wasn’t how the rest of tonight was supposed to go. He was going to tell Steve and watch movies and spend a couple of more days living in denial. He wasn’t even angry at Steve or Pepper. He was angry because it was Obie. It was the man who had taken care of him after Howard had died. He’d been Tony’s mentor and father figure and taught Tony the ropes at Stark Industries. He was angry because his weapons were the crux of the entire problem and because he was too stupid to know what was going on before it got this far. He was supposed to be a genius. He should have noticed. He should have known.
“Tony, this is...swell!”
Warning: Non-graphic depictions of violence in this chapter, but the aftermath and description of the injuries might be a little more difficult to bear. I don't think they're too bad, but use your best judgment. The injuries are listed in the second section.
“You may leave your motorcycle in the driveway nearest the front door.”
Their friendship had happened fairly naturally and they ended up spending the majority of their time together. Tony was great at helping Steve get through his science classes and in return, Steve was there to cram art history facts into his brain because Tony was notorious for falling asleep in the middle of anything art related. Unless it had to do with music. Tony would listen to anything from AC/DC to Frank Sinatra to Beethoven when he was working, just as long as there was some sort of background noise.
“There’s a lot I haven’t really told you yet.”
“I feel so lucky right now,” Tony responded sarcastically.
“Lead me to Schmidt,” Steve responded.
Tony had somehow managed to drag him into a hallway to the side, next to a door that read “employees only”. He kissed Steve again and turned the vibrator back on, amping it straight up to the middle setting.
“Stupid wedding,” Peter grumbled.
Steve couldn’t hear Rhodey’s reply. It wasn’t important. “Stick with him, I’m sure he knows what he’s doing.”
*****
“Then what, Tony? You have ties to two different mobs right now. Had you known beforehand, what would you have done differently? Your lie would have certainly been less feasible than the truth, which was that you had no idea what was going on at all. You got hurt, and I am sorry for that, I’d give anything for that not to have happened in the first place, but I still believe that you not knowing anything was for the best.”
Steve laughed and hoisted Tony up, wrapping the brunet’s legs around his waist. “Then I guess I won’t keep you waiting any longer.”
So he was back and he wanted to date Tony, but he wanted to move slow. He was still old-fashioned that way and Tony was oddly all right with it. So he’d have to wait awhile for the sex to happen. Big deal.
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve said, voice both too quiet and too loud.
“Can’t we stay in and order something? It’s cold outside and Pepper will have me assassinated if I don’t at least have notes that even the dumbest of the board members can follow for this meeting. Did I mention that it’s cold outside?”
Steve wrapped one giant arm over Tony’s shoulders. “You’d have known, if you’d have bothered to talk to me at all, that I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
--Tony
“Well it’s not like there was anyone else to explain every single reference in the movie to me, and you do have the innate ability to talk my ear off.”
The brunet’s breath hitched audibly. “I’m fine, Steve.”
“Fair enough!”
As the noise got closer, Steve became less and less sure it was a remote car, mostly because he could usually hear Clint and Thor giggling to themselves between curses by now, yet the hall remained silent, but also because he had the distinct feeling he was being watched.
Steve just smiled down at the bot, and muttered. “We’ll see about that.” He stood up, looking smaller and more nervous than Tony could ever recall seeing him. “Congratulations.”
“We still need to talk, Tony.”
“Oh please. We all know that’s a lie. You were never heartless and we all have insecurities.”
Steve nodded. “Everyday.”
Steve grabbed at Red Skulls leg before it had the chance to touch the ground and yanked until he was flat on his back. He tried for the open paneling again but got caught around the ankle, tumbling once again the ground where they grappled, exchanging blows that left Steve winded and more than a little banged up.
“You weren’t there…”
Tony looked at Steve’s face and Steve blinked. He felt his body tense up and the air seemed to be escaping his lungs rapidly.
“Yeah,” Steve mimicked, unintentionally.
Steve licked at the blood on his lip and thrust his head up until it cracked against Schmidt’s, the other man startled just enough the Steve got the advantage back, rolling out of reach and jumping to his feet. He spun to face the other man who was on his feet as well, devilish smirk adorning his face even as he bled.
Steve staggered closer using the wall of servers to hold himself up. Red Skull’s eyes fell on him, his smile covered in red. He began to laugh, gurgling on blood, choking on it. “You think you’ve won, Captain….” He trailed off, voice lost in a hacking cough. He picked back up as if he was never interrupted, voice quieter but no less smug. “Cut off the head and two more shall grow in its place.”
He walked back onto the elevator and the doors shut, taking him on the first leg of his journey to find his best friend once again.
Steve just shrugged. “Decades? Centuries? I don’t know.”
Tony realized he’d put his foot in his mouth when Steve flinched. “Joking. It was a joke. You know what a joke is. I hope you know what a joke is. Considering you’ve got the whole smart ass angle going for you, I can only assume you know very well what a joke is. So are you ready to go or are we going to keep standing here?”
“Why--why is there a tiny robot rolling around in here?” Steve asked to who, he wasn’t sure. There was no one around to answer him except for the robot which didn’t seem inclined to answer him in any way.
Tony simply scoffed. “Are you kidding me? This is getting shellacked and framed. One day it’s going to be in an art museum. I can’t eat this. I’d feel guilty after ruining it.”
Steve tapped his fingers against the table. “He’s a genius. He needs to think like one.”
“My building. I think we could definitely both use a shower.”
Tony looked at Steve. “You know. That talk you get from people when you start dating someone. ‘Hurt him and I’ll hurt you’ type thing.”
Steve ran a rough hand down his face, eyelids drooping as he tried to focus his attention on the writing on the page. He couldn’t let himself sleep just yet, didn’t have the luxury of that kind of time on his hands, not with everything he knew that required his full and immediate attention. Business deals that needed finalizing, corrupt politicians to work around and debts to collect on. Steve was always good at collecting what was owed to him.
Tony lost whatever fight he might have had left in him and shoved his hands in his pockets, hoping Steve didn’t notice the flicker of hurt that crossed his face. “Okay. I see.” He looked down, his head nodding as he laughed bitterly. “Thanks, Steve. From the bottom of my spoiled heart, I truly do appreciate hearing this coming from you. I guess I should be glad this is happening right now. I’d hate for you to have to hold on to all that resentment you seem to have for me. At least this is happening before it’s too late for us to get out of it. I don’t want to be a constant reminder to you that your struggle is monumentally worse than mine.”
“Steven, we are so glad you could join us!” Thor already had two burgers in front of him.
Steve grabbed Skulls fingers at his throat and yanked them back until he heard an audible crack and the grip on his throat loosened enough for Steve to barrel into his arm and break the grip. He used the momentum from his spin to turn and kick Schmidt in the head, sending him crashing to the ground.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I figured it would be you.”
“My daddy reads it to me all the time. He does silly voices.”
Tony continues to work Steve over for a few more minutes, enjoying the gasps and the moans that Steve is making just for him. Then he powers down the vibrator again and Steve wants to cry. He was so close again.
Tony felt his face drain at that. He gave him a smile though. “Well you know me. If I’m coming back from the grave I want to make an entrance.”
They both laughed and looked down at where General Nuts-N-Bolts was racing around their legs. “Now that’s and order I can follow. You better follow it too, seeing as he outranks you now.”
Steve watched as Tony waltzed into the room, a tablet in his hands and a pep in his step as if he didn’t have a care in the world and something broke. One strand of hay too many on the camel’s back and Steve was across the room and on Tony before he really knew what was happening.
Steve bit into his hot dog and nodded. He didn’t speak until he swallowed because he apparently had manners or something. “This is the most fun I’ve had in...a long time. There isn’t much to do inside a bottle, you know.”
Steve scowled at that. “No.” He sighed. “Yeah. I guess so. He’s always been leagues ahead of me, but I never worried he’d be bothered that I couldn’t keep up with him until recently.”
Tony shrugged a little. “My mom tells me I’m just like my dad. It’s ‘cause I’m smart.”
Steve smiled. “Because I know you, Tony Stark. I know you don’t have very little self-worth and you’re the most reckless human being I’ve ever met. Did you stop to think that if impressing me was the only way to get me to like you that maybe I wouldn’t really be worth your time? Come on.”
“How may I be of assistance to you, Captain?” JARVIS asked, voice tiny inside his comm.
“No, Tony!” Steve snapped. Tony jumped, eyes wide for a moment. “Just no.”
“It is 7:00 p.m., sir. Perhaps you would like me to close this down while you enjoy your meal.”
Tony smiled. “Good.” He crushed his lips against Steve’s and wrapped his arms even tighter around the man’s neck.
Tony stared with wide confused eyes as Steve just held him there for a few moments. “Steve, what are you—“ Steve crushed his lips to the brunet’s, quieting the words though Tony did manage a rather high pitched squeak that Steve was going to tease him about later.
“Well, maybe not—“
Steve pursed his lips slightly to stop from smiling. “Get up, Tony. We’ve got somewhere to be.”
Happy held the door open for Tony to climb in and then gave Pepper a kiss on the cheek before she climbed in the back with Tony.
Steve groaned, pinched the bridge of his nose and shut his eyes. When he opened them his gaze caught on the Newspaper in the center of the table, untouched and brimming with information Steve could probably use. Also, maybe he had time for a quick game of Sudoku in the back.
His eyes travelled back down just a little. He tilted his head. Those abs. Were amazing.
Tony nodded. “Fair enough.” Steve hadn’t even blinked when Tony made a comment about being a rich, spoiled brat and didn’t comment any further on it. Tony generally mentioned his wealth when he felt like people might be getting too close to gauge their reactions to the news. It helped to determine if people liked him for who he was or if it was because of his money. Rhodey passed the test right away and Steve did too.
Sharon just smiled and placed her hand on his forearm.
“I mean it’s not that I don’t want to, but…”
He peeled off his shirt and pants, letting them land next to the foot of his bed. His shower was quick and then he was in bed, burying himself under his blankets. Maybe he’d wake up only to find this past month had been nothing but a bad dream. Maybe he was dreaming right now and he’d wake up to find his best friend was really here with him.
“I’ll make sure you’re the first one to find out next time I almost die.”
After a moment of silence…
Tony laughed when the bot raced into Steve’s leg again, hard enough that he stumbled back into the table. “Pretty neat, huh?” He addressed the bot, cooing as if talking to a child or a small animal. “Wave to the Captain now,” and laughed delightedly when he did just that. “Okay, a bit more complicated. Remember what I taught you though. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes. Eyes and ears and mouth and nose. Head, shoulders knees and toes. Knees and toes. Alright!”
The soldier’s shoulders slumped. “Sometimes I wish I could figure out what has been happening between us for the past few months. You flirt and flirt and then you’re distant and I’m so confused but if you could just…”
“God I hope so.”
Steve milked him dry, his eyes gazing over Tony’s face as he finally felt himself fall over the edge, hips erratic before he finally released into Tony, not hiding the loud moan of pleasure he couldn’t make himself hold back any longer. He’d never experienced this sensation with the genius and he was overcome with an emotion he hadn’t wanted to give a name to before collapsing on top of Tony, mindful of not crushing him.
Steve grinned slowly and rolled his eyes. “Sure thing, Mr. Hot Stuff.”
“Rogers.”
Steve looked around, glad to see they weren’t attracting a crowd. It was hard to surprise New Yorkers. Most of them have heard and seen it all. He hung his head. “Please don’t do this. Don’t make me talk about this, Tony.”
He knew that if his father were still alive that he’d be just as appalled by what was happening. He had no doubts about that. His father might have been cold and distant and obsessed with his work, but he wasn’t malicious and he wasn’t a murderer. A part of him had to trust that his father might have made the same move had he been put in this position. A part of him was hoping that he’d be making his father proud of him in some way.
Steve lifted his eyebrows. “Because it was a gift?”
Pepper at least had the decency to look apologetic. Tony just winked at him again.
Steve just nodded as one of his arms was currently wrapped across his middle and Tony was sure that he was going to have some pretty wicked bruises. “I think you just got yourself into your own trouble by helping.”
“Where in the hell did you come from?”
“You’re dressed like a grandpa, Steve the Genie. You know that right?”
Tony sighed and looked down. “I don’t deserve your help. This is all on me. Not you.”
“Sure, but I don’t need them.”
Bucky simply nodded.
So this ended up coming a week later than I promised! Sorry. My poor beta ended up having computer issues and being sick and it was hard for her to try and finish all this within the initial allotted time as a result. She rocks though.
Steve just hummed and Bucky knew that was Steve-language for ‘please don’t make me eat right now.’ Bucky laughed and walked out.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., begin recalibration on Mark Twelve.” Tony looked like he was orchestrating a symphony with the way his hands were held up as they expanded a holographic screen. He pointed to the area where the HUD had malfunctioned earlier, resulting in a less than spectacular and rather painful crash into a parking garage.
Steve let out a self-deprecating laugh and shook his head. “No. I don’t agree.”
“Could you stop staring at me like I’ve got some sort of trick up my sleeve? In case you haven’t noticed, I don’t exactly have the capacity to pull any sudden movements nor do I have any decent places to hide anything. Of course, if you’d like to do a full body check yourself, I wouldn’t be opposed, Captain.”
The blond hesitated. He was generally fairly private when it came to his drawings because while he knew he was good at what he did he would always feel slightly nervous whenever showing it to people for the first time. He had seen Tony do amazing things with the piano though, and that in all likelihood could have been considered just as private, so he thought it’d be fair. With a curt nod, he stood to retrieve his school bag and pull his sketchbook out. He held onto it pretty tightly for a moment before he finally managed to gather some courage and hand it over.
“I haven’t shown you the best part though.”
Clint was the first to lift a hand. “I volunteer as sweater tribute.”
“Wha--?” Before he could finish Tony had grabbed him by the waist and lifted up into the sky with the soldier. Steve was holding on pretty tight if the sensors in his suit were anything to go by.
Steve winked at Tony and turned his head to watch the sky.
Steve grimaced in pain. Tony walked over to him and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, placing the smaller boys arm over his own to help him walk. Steve attempted to protest, but finally gave in when it became too difficult to stand on his own. “I don’t like bullies. I’d rather it be me than anyone else getting pounded on.”
Finally though, they finished their meal. Cake included. And if Tony had to be honest he’d say this was one of the most amazing nights he’d ever had in his life. He helped Steve clear the dishes from the table and waited while Steve packed leftovers into the fridge. The dirty dishes needed to go into the dishwasher but that could wait and…
Steve stopped messing with his hair and took the shot glass, throwing the burning liquid back instantly and chasing it with his beer. He swallowed and cleared his throat, giving Bucky a smirk. “Better? Have I appeased your gods now?”
“Right,” Steve replied, voice soft. “Well, I guess today is your lucky day then.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall as Tony explained to his friends how he was captured, tortured and held for three months until he finally managed to escape. He let them know about Johann Schmidt being HYDRA’s mastermind, how he went by the name Red Skull most of the time, the things he made Tony do, the way Obie was likely just another pawn in Johann’s game of chess.
Peter sighed dramatically. “Can we come back next time there is a story time with Mister Steve?”
It took him a bit longer to take notice of the keyboardist, and he couldn’t pinpoint what exactly drew his attention in, but once he noticed he couldn’t...stop...noticing. There wasn’t anything striking necessarily as he was in some sort of similar fashion as the rest, although he seemed to have a fondness for red and gold. Flashy red and gold. No one wore outfits like that anymore, but this guy did and he did it well. He couldn’t look away. He knew he should be making an attempt to pay attention to his date, but all he could think about was sketching the intensity seen on the keyboardists face.
“I like you, Tony. I like you a lot.”
“I AM TO UNDERSTAND WE ARE SUPPOSED TO SPEAK OF THAT WHICH WE ARE MOST THANKFUL FOR, ANTHONY. I AM THANKFUL FOR MY BROTHER DESPITE EVERYTHING AND I MISS HIM. I AM THANKFUL FOR SUCH ADMIRABLE AND HONORABLE FRIENDS HERE ON MIDGARD.”
Natasha breathed roughly, as if she were running, “We have Stark, he’s injured. Transporting him to Bruce as we speak.”
That earned a long, pleasurable groan from Tony, who had to jerk his head away from Steve’s lips. “Steve. I need you. Inside. Now. Before I explode.” He removed his own hand from Steve’s erection to reach for the same pocket, removing a condom.
Thor just winked at the soldier. “Perhaps you are in denial then, my friend.”
“Well now I can put a face---voice to the name. How’s Tony?” Steve asked. “He’s not—“
Bruce gave Tony a small grin. “I told you, Tony. He’s not safe to be around, and I’d hate myself if I accidentally hurt you.”
So when Steve slid his hand up Tony’s shirt, he didn’t stop the blond despite knowing what he’d find there when he did it. He shut his eyes and noticed the way Steve paused when his fingers moved over the scar on his chest, but Steve’s lack of a response had him cracking an eye open. It was as if Steve didn’t notice and Tony frowned.
“Is that any way to welcome home your boss, Pepper?”
“Please. That blush on your face. You met someone.”
Steve chewed on his thumb, anything to hide the fact that his lip was actually quivering.
“At one of the tree lots a little ways away from the city,” Steve answered.
“So, what now?” Tony asked, looking unsure of himself. The way the brunet went from emotion to emotion was truly a feat, one that was leaving Steve with whiplash.
“Well it definitely wasn’t an insult, that’s for sure.” Tony looked up from the cookie again to see Steve giving him another one of those fond smiles. “Thanks, Cap.”
“You look like someone kicked your puppy. What’s wrong?”
“Then perhaps it is best that you request his presence.”
Peter’s nose scrunched. “That’s boring. I want to do this instead.”
He listened closely as he heard the muted sounds of the final band getting their performance started and he hummed to himself as he stared at the keys. What did he want to play this time? He’d gotten Steve’s attention the first time because he had been playing Sinatra and decided to stick with the 40s theme of musical artists. He had a secret fondness for all of them and he didn’t necessarily hide it, but it was something he didn’t have to share with the world. Call him crazy, but it felt like the last sense of privacy he could have and perhaps that was why he had been angry with Steve initially for watching him. People had quirks and Tony wanted this to be just his. Now he found himself wanting it to maybe be theirs. If Steve came back. Would Steve think to come back there?
Tony took a deep breath and deflated. “What do you want me to say? I—I don’t know who to believe, Steve. I can’t afford to be the naïve guy again. So much of my life has been twisted and built on lies. Trust isn’t just something I can give away so easily anymore.”
Tony clenched his jaw. “How long have you been working with HYDRA?”
Tony grinned. “Maybe now would be a good time to ask you if you’d like to go on a date.”
Tony shrugged. “It’s time for something new, something bigger and better. Stark Resilient has been in my head for awhile now, and any employees loyal to the Stark brand are welcome to follow. I’m going to change the world Obie, and I’m going to do it my way.”
Luckily for Bucky, he hit all the notes, got all the words right, didn’t fall down. Definitely a win for him. When they were finished playing, Bucky jumped down from the stage instead of walking back with the rest of them. Before he turned around, Steve caught a quick glance of Tony who smiled and waved at him before quickly making his exit. The blond felt his heart flutter and he made his way behind the stage with his bass guitar. As he was putting the instrument into its case, Bucky came back with a whoop and clapped Steve on the back.
“Didn’t my father mention that name? Like all the time?”
Peter grabbed his father’s hand with a disappointed look on his face. “Bye, Mister Steve,” he said dully.
“I don’t think anyone would be especially happy to see me.”
“I can’t say I’m familiar with the other voice you and Pepper were conversing with, but it’s safe to say if he’s in the building he isn’t going anywhere for awhile.”
He swallowed the lump in his throat and looked Tony in the eyes for the first time since he’d returned. He rubbed his hand over his face, rivulets of water falling from his bangs and into his eyes. Tony, who of course was wearing a nice and probably very expensive suit, looked like he’d just gone for a swim in the Hudson River but his gaze didn’t waver and Steve knew that if he didn’t talk at all he’d probably end up losing his friends for good anyway.
“I know that! But he can be. I just need to find him in there and trying to bring him back out.”
Tony groaned again, louder this time and allowed his head to thump against the wall. “No! Steve, you’re important to me! I want to keep you around!”
*****
“And you want to make sure we make you look extra good for her?”
Tony opened the folder and began reading. From what Steve could see they contained older looking documents, communications records, transactions and purchase orders. Tony swallowed roughly a few times, squeezed his eyes shut momentarily before forcing them back open to continue reading.
“I don’t want it to!”
Tony quickly kissed Steve, resting a cold palm against the soldier’s warm face, his voice above a whisper. “It is. It’s perfect. I’ve never enjoyed the holiday season. This time of year. But you forced me to do the stupid Christmas traditions and I found myself enjoying them.”
Steve frowned, opened his mouth to explain that that’s not why he brought Tony here but was stopped by voice, just a broken breath really, calling out. “Tony?”
“No no, there can’t be anything added or it messes with the half life of the alpha—“
“Absolutely.” He had to look away for a moment while thinking to himself. “So, Steve...are we uh...is this something? Are we going to try to be...well an us I guess?”
The trickster smirked. “Glad to know I’m still capable of surprising you lot. Not that it’s difficult, but...” He abruptly stopped speaking and looked pained, clacking his teeth together and hissing inwardly. “I’m under strict orders to turn Stark back into an adult. Thor is rather displeased, which pleases me, but no one has ever cared about what makes me happy, so why start now?”
Pepper. He’d recognize that hair anywhere. And the man, that had to be Obadiah Stane.
Tony let his gaze fall to the wall just over Steve’s shoulder, one hand moving to scratch at his chin. “It’s nothing. This is what I do.”
That earned Clint a flip of the bird from Tony and he was looking at Steve.
“Are you sure about that, Stark? You’ve seen first hand what’s going on. You’ve lived it.”
Steve looked up from the paper he was trying to work on, glaring. “What?”
Tony could do this. Right? He could try to help Steve and not make this all about him. He was Iron Man. He could do anything. He still loved Steve.
Steve rolled his eyes. “And you said no one ever called you a romantic.” He grinned and leaned down to kiss Tony at the same time he pressed a slick digit into his opening. Tony just moaned into the kiss, squirming even more and the soldier took that as his cue to press in further, twisting his finger and crooking it a bit as he thrust his finger in and out. He pulled out and just as quickly pushed back in, this time with two fingers, scissoring and twisting, locating the brunet’s prostate and gently rubbed the pad of his finger over it.
A hand fell on his shoulder. “Steve?”
Tony couldn’t take his eyes off this guy who he assumed was Mister Steve. He was really...hunky. Blond hair, bright blue eyes and built like a superhero, but he was dressed like a grandfather which sort of added to Mister Steve’s attractiveness.
Steve nodded, humming in reply. “You seem ready to go.”
Tony shrugged. “He always does. He’d say I wasted my time making something that isn’t useful. It probably has a lot of flaws too. I tried to fix most, but whatever isn’t good enough I can definitely work on later.”
Steve gave his friend a small nod. “Throw in some breadsticks too.”
The boys rolled their eyes but backed off anyway, one of them pointing at the genius as he walked away. “Your time is coming, Stark. You can’t hide behind daddy forever.”
“Yeah except we live in a world where we do fight villains and okay, our lifespans might be a little shorter because of the risks we take, but you’re not invincible. What do you think losing you would do to us?”
“I can already tell that the talk he’s going to have with me later is going to be a joyous occasion.”
The two stood across from each other, Tony’s eyes unreadable no matter how hard Steve tried.
“Steve?”
Steve was resting against the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest. “Just a little in the way of plans and all that.”
Steve laughed quietly at that before passing a cookie to each Avenger. “Not perfect, but I drew your faces. Sorry, Bruce. I ran out of green before I could finish Hulk’s face. So he’s using a little bit of Clint’s purple too.”
“Wait!”
Steve lowered his weapon and stared at the man in front of him.
“Leaving your friends…only seeing them for a brief moment. No knowing. You pick one.”
Tony groaned as loud as possible. “Fine. We’ll just talk about it later. Whatever.” And with that, he turned and stormed off, leaving a guilty looking Steve to follow after him. Tony stomped up the stairs the entire way, too mad to talk at all. He was stupid. So stupid. One of the first things he should have told Steve was that his dad must not, under any circumstances whatsoever, know about Tony’s involvement in anything outside of his piano career. He hadn’t made that particularly clear when he had been talking to Steve about his life. He knew it was stupid but he was also partly angry with Steve for it even though Steve had no idea he needed to keep his mouth shut.
“Getting into the Christmas spirit. That’s all. I want to make sure it’s memorable for all of us.”
It had ended just as quickly as it had started, and while it was heartbreaking for Steve, he never regretted one moment of it. He was sure he’d never meet another woman quite like Peggy again, and he honestly wasn’t sure he even wanted to. She was one of a kind. He had no idea how he’d managed to win her heart, but he had done it fair and square and while they were not as close as they’d like to be now, they were still friends. He had no hopes of winning her back. That ship had sailed and she was engaged to a guy she had met at school over in England.
“Steve, move!”
“Get in the car first.”
Tony beamed proudly. “Thank you. I really can’t wait for my dad to see you again. He’s always grumpy when he can’t find you, and I found you before he did. Do you think he’ll like me more when he sees that I have you?”
“You’ve got yourself…” He paused, trying to breath, “in a bit of a dilemma.”
“I’m surprised your buddy Schmidt didn’t tell you,” the genius said flatly. “I guess you should be used to it though, the art of keeping secrets and backstabbing. Remember what you told me? This really is a cut throat business we’ve found ourselves in.”
Tony shrugged away from Steve and covered his face with his hands. “I do and can we not talk about it?”
“Well being still isn’t really going to help get the blood circulating again. Being still this long is really hard for me. Do something.”
Tony couldn’t even argue the point. He was cold, shivering, and his fingers were already beginning to go numb. It didn’t stop him from grumbling and cursing under his breath at Captain Bossy-Pants. Much to his amazement though he did locate several blankets and even a slightly shabby down comforter and a quilt. Whoever was here before must have left in a hurry.
“Don’t. Please don’t apologize. You’re the one who figured it out. I was wearing a...terribly ridiculous outfit and trying to grant wishes. Seventy years cooped up in a bottle with no memory of how I got there was enough time for me.”
Tony was suddenly looking down at his shoes, fidgeting nervously. “Can I come? Can you take me with you? I think my dad will want to see you anyway.”
“He almost backed out of that deal when he ordered your plane to be taken down, but it seems that plan is still in motion.”
Steve settled back into his seat, closed his eyes and tried to count to ten lest he get up to shout at Tony some more.
Steve shrugged helplessly. “I can’t answer that for you. You have to make that decision on your own. Just—do what’s best for you.”
It was probably a blessing too because that’s when Happy and Pepper showed up. He appreciated his bodyguard and Pepper was great at micromanaging his entire life as well as leaving out the part where Tony was actually in a band. She said she thought it was good for him to explore venues outside of piano concertos. So he had her on his side and Happy had no objections as long as he was able to follow Tony everywhere because what kind of bodyguard would he be if he didn’t do that?
Steve frowned and stepped back. “No. My fault. I just felt…”
Tony was so tired. “Maybe one day I’ll believe it.”
Steve tilted his head and studied Tony’s face. He was handsome, that was a given. He also looked familiar.
Tony wanted to reach out and take Steve’s hand, but he didn’t know if he should.
He tried to push that thought from his head for the moment. Hopefully he could reveal himself to Steve slowly. It wasn’t a huge deal. It was to Tony but in the grand scheme of things it probably did not matter.
“Ow.”
Once he recovered from not walking into a wall, he shot back a reply.
“Yes. Yes it does. Even if you do make him remember who he is, he’s not going to go back to being the guy he was. There’s no way. It’s never going to happen.”
“No, Tony. It’s a request. Just a request. I know you have things that are more important in your life but doing something to give back to the city we constantly destroy. You’re Tony Stark. You could do so much more and make people happy just by showing up.”
Steve couldn’t figure out what that expression on her face meant, but it suggested she knew something and was amused by the fact that he was basically clueless. “Okay.”
Tony waited quietly for all of five seconds. “Oh. Well that tells me everything I need to know about you, Art Student Steve. Would you care to fill me in just a little more?”
Bruce laughed. He and Tony would probably end up having a long overdue science talk later. Steve sometimes hated that Bruce could keep up with Tony better than he could.
“It’s amazing, Tony. It really is.” He stared in quiet awe. “Everything about you is amazing.”
Tony waved a hand dismissively as he turned to walk away. “Wouldn’t dream of it, dear.”
The genius looked up from the box of hooks and to Steve. “Uh...I think we just used to have people do that for us. Can’t I just watch?”
The kid looked at Tony and after a beat he replied. “Steve Rogers.”
Howard’s expression remained stony and unpleasant and then it immediately changed to mortification. “What?”
Tony gave him a dark look in return. “I know Obie. He’s a remarkable liar,” he said, tone bitter, hiding something deeper than just these recent events. Steve didn’t press. “He’s power hungry, greedy and—Ow!”
“Get out of bed, you big oaf. Natasha’s making breakfast.”
“Why?”
“That’s the only thing you have made clear.” Tony took another step closer. “Steve I—“
“I’m an old man. It has to happen eventually.”
The soldier blushed a little more. “I just really like drawing Tony’s suit.”
She stopped, placing her hands on her hips and sighing heavily. “Okay. Fine. You two have been butting heads so much this year because you both changed and are equally threatened by what you see. You think Tony thinks you’re too dumb and Tony thinks you’re too hot and you’re both driving me crazy.”
Shut up,” Steve demanded, voice low. “Do you think everything is a joke, Stark? Do you think we’re playing a game all for your fucking amusement?” Steve didn’t give Tony a chance to answer. “What the hell do you think you were even doing? I told you not to go out because it wasn’t safe and you didn’t listen, you never fucking listen—“
When the room was empty, Steve made to pull his hand away. “I’ll be around.”
“Tony.”
And then there was a gun in Obie’s hand. Tony could do nothing and he wanted to scream. This isn’t how he was supposed to die. Obadiah wasn’t supposed to get the better of him. He heard the gunfire and waited to feel any sort of impact, but when the grunt came from further away he felt himself suffocating. He wasn’t sure how much damage Obie could do to Steve, but Steve wasn’t in a better state than Tony at the moment it seemed.
"OH...oh...Tony."
They were silent for minutes on end, Steve’s mind racing with a million and one questions.
Bucky thrust Steve’s leather bomber jacket into his hands. “Wear this and go. Get out of here. Fix this so I don’t have to watch you be like this anymore.”
“Some things come to me. Like I’ve known them all along. Maybe like I had a life outside of being a genie but I can’t remember.”
Tony smirked. “You say that like you still don’t believe me.” He pet the bot again, fingers gentle along the metal. “He’s very curious, he’s practically a teenager in bot years. Don’t worry though. I told him that under absolutely no circumstances is he allowed to cat call you at any point or make a pass at your virtue.” He spoke to the bot then. “Isn’t that right, Sergeant? Uh huh, that’s daddy’s job.”
Bruce nodded. “I will, but Steve?”
The rest of the team exchanged uncomfortable glances.
The blond finally hoisted himself up and made his way toward his bedroom, only running into about three things on the way there. He felt along the wall for the light switch and turned his light on. There was already a large bottle of water and some Advil on his nightstand along with a red white and blue birthday balloon.
“We’ll cross those bridges when we get to them. Sometimes your flaws make you better. They make you unique and maybe you should call them quirks instead of flaws. Flaws implies that you think you should correct yourself whereas quirks imply that it’s who you are and they make you stand out from the rest.”
The brunet looked like a deer caught in the headlights. “It’s uh...it’s nothing, dad. It really isn’t. I just…” Tony’s hands flailed a little as he tried to come up with a believable lie but had nothing. “I...I’m in a band.”
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. “Natasha is scary but she isn’t guilting me into anything and Barton is Barton. He really couldn’t guilt me.”
“Yes, but there were a half dozen robots--”
Tony had known Steve for not even two days and he could tell he was in trouble already.
“Yes. I do,” Steve replied with slight exasperation.
“Whoa, wait, hold up. What’s going on? Trouble in paradise?”
His words must have had an effect on Steve because the soldier pulled him into a rough kiss, tongue working its way over parted lips and Tony gave way immediately. His hand kept up the work it was doing on Steve until he could tell Steve was close to the edge. Reaching into his pocket, he turned the toy off abruptly and Steve wasn’t able to stifle the disappointed moan at being denied his release.
“I’m out.” Tony picked up his son and peppered his cheek with kisses. “Be good. Go to bed when Natasha tells you to. Don’t make any bets with her. And no more ice cream.”
Steve showed up thirty minutes later. He passed the crowd, the band, tuned out everything as he focused on getting to the back room. He had no idea what Tony was up to, but he figured there would be another song. He’d only stopped to pick up his guitar because he was going to show Tony he wasn’t the only one who could play music. He knew he didn’t have the talent that Tony had, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t be proud of what he was capable of doing.
He felt the soldier nod, but it wasn’t very confident and Tony felt helpless. He couldn’t stand the thought of Steve reliving a nightmare, worrying that he was going to miss another 70 years of his life again. He, instead, did the only thing he could think of and slid his hand to the back of Steve’s neck, pressing a kiss to his lips. Very cold lips. He felt like this would be a good place to start.
“Yes.”
Tony opened the pad to the first page and smiled softly as he began to flip through the pages. The first few had been faces from Steve’s past no doubt, but it did not take long for him to notice drawings of the Avengers. Some of them were stunningly beautiful and Steve had an eye for detail. Tony was pleased to see cartoony versions of them as well though. He lifted his eyes to look at Steve when he saw a cartoon drawing of himself and Clint as children who were obviously taking great pleasure in all of their mischief. Steve grinned in response and continued to wait for Tony to get to the final drawing.
“Yeah. It’s more than okay. Fuck. Start moving.”
“I think we’ve established that I trust you. And I hope you trust me.”
“You made a wish. I granted it. I thought you knew how this worked.”
“Because you like me.”
Steve rolled with the subject change. No point in pushing. He definitely knew Tony was stubborn, almost as stubborn as Steve himself was.
Steve just sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Whatever had been making him go seemed to leave his body too as his shoulders slumped. He couldn’t look at Tony. “I see. ” And with that he turned and left Tony’s room.
Steve tried to futilely wipe the amused smile off his face. “That’s not how I operate. Buck swears it’s some sort of insane hero complex, which is ironic considering the life I lead, but that’s not it exactly. What I wanted and what I want are worlds apart now, there’s no use dwelling on the past when I wouldn’t change a thing that lead me here. Even the part where I somehow adopted a tiny annoying robot created by a tiny annoying genius stowaway.”
Steve let out a long sigh. “I don’t know how it happened. I kept telling myself that I’d tell you tomorrow and tomorrow happened and I convinced myself to put it off until the next day. Look, it’s fine that you don’t feel the same way, it’s why I never said anything. Like I said, friendship. Don’t want to lose that.”
Bucky’s head peered back in. “Check your phone, by the way. You appear to have multiple text messages.”
Tony laughed quietly. “Maybe we’ve made a name for ourselves in the genie world too.”
Tony finished his song and glanced at Steve. His face was heated and he realized this was probably the sappiest, most romantic thing he’d ever done in his life, but the look on Steve’s face was definitely worth all of it.
What was the point of saying something when it could just as easily be expressed or proven through an action? This is how wars were won. This is how his dad did it. Telling someone to fear you was not as effective as giving them a reason to fear you. The Howard Stark philosophy.
Tony glared down at the other man. “You wanted to mold me into someone like you then? Someone corrupt and power hungry?”
He was finally able to walk into his mansion again though, this time without the flock of press out for blood littering about at his front gates. Not now that everything was finally settled, Stark Industries on its way out and Stark Resilient on its way in with Pepper running as active CEO and Happy as his head of security. It was great, perfect really, leaving him with all the time in the world to invent to his heart’s content. Invent things that would change the future for the better.
“We’ve been waiting for you. It’s not long before your flight leaves and you need a change of clothes. Meet us outside in no more than ten minutes.” And with that she turned around, her heels clicking loudly as she exited.
She cleared her throat and sat up straight, pushing a stray hair from her face. “Next time I reschedule a meeting for you, you better show up. Come hell or high water.”
Tony was staring again, that unreadable look shifting in and out of focus. “Uh, what?” He shook his head. “No. uh--” Tony tugged at his sling a little. “It’s getting better and I thought I’d test it out by working. I mean, I can’t exactly make all these things you ask for with the assistance of only one hand. I mean, I get the work done, so plus, even if afterwards my arm hurts and Bruce yells at me to take it easy--Not a very good watchdog you got, Captain. He’s spent more time trying to get me to rest than work.”
“We’re going to have a talk about how I had to find out from Natasha that you’re dating Steve, Tony. I’m your best friend and you can’t just keep shit like this from me. Now turn the damn camera off and get up here because I haven’t seen you in months and I’d like to hang out with you if that’s all right.”
Nuts-N-Bolts chirped questioningly at Tony, tugging at his pants just slightly. Tony looked down at him. “As much as I’d love a coffee, you can’t exactly reach the counter top.”
Steve leaned in and gave him a quick kiss, smiling shyly. “I can imagine. How do you even have time for your Iron Man gig? It’s not like you guys are short on performances either.”
The genius smiled. “Okay.”
The child gave Clint a glare that erased all doubt that they were looking at Tony Stark. Fury looked down at Tony for a moment. “Our best guess is that Loki got to him before he even attacked the city. He seems to have no actual memory of his time as an adult, so he will not recognize any of you.”
The smile fell from Tony’s face and he grabbed for the burger Rhodey had ordered for him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Why haven’t you turned into the green monster?” Tony questioned the doctor in earnest. “I want to see what he looks like. I bet he’s huuuuge.”
Eventually the tension between all team members died down. Well mostly. Enough to matter. Steve found himself spending most of his free time with Tony and ignoring comments from his less mature teammates (that’s right Clint) about Steve and Tony sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g. He hated that he was so easy to read and it took him longer than it should have (try five months) to realize that Tony’s feelings for him were mutual.
“You just can’t do it here.”
Tony stayed quiet. He hugged Steve for a moment longer before letting go and then getting on the floor to make the robot dog show off some more tricks. Steve clapped and laughed.
“Already in route,” Bruce said, voice a forced calm.
Steve rolled his eyes and Tony turned off the car, climbing out and waving at all the cars honking behind him.
