The salesclerk only shakes his head, obviously not placing Steve. Part of Steve relaxes, having Tony parade him into the shop and declare that Steve is a personal assistant is dangerous enough, having him poke the clerk to remember him is just fool’s play.
“In the evening? Doesn’t that mean the sun still has some light hitting the Earth?” Steve asked.
After he assures Clint that he’s on his way, he bucks traffic and gets himself turned around to go back to New Jersey. The idea of Steve in the hands of someone that’s been searching for him, looking for him terrifies Tony. It occurs to him that he might be interrupting something that’s a little more than just a shake down for money. It might get ugly. He should call someone, get backup. Anything. He doesn’t – because how is he going to explain that he’s on his way to New Jersey to save a man who looks like Captain America, who also happens to be a hooker?
“That’s fucking brilliant. Wish I’d thought of that.” He smells the hot liquid and luxuriates in it for a minute before he cracks his eyes open at Steve. “Wait a minute. You said thermos of coffee for you. That means you brought this specifically for me.”
"We need to get him. This is actionable intelligence." Bucky slammed his metal hand on to the conference table. They’d found this ancient hideaway amongst the gnarled trees and swamps of Athansosia. This place so far beyond the center of life in the galaxy had been forgotten. It served the archive well.
Clint angled the copter to a park near the area Steve had indicated and then came in for a landing.  As he piloted, he said, “He’s come and gone. Done what he could do and then left. Thor stays in the background most of the time. He needs to get his mate safe, too.” Clint adjusted his quiver. “It’s the way the older vampires are.” He put special emphasis on older.
Taking a cookie and the mug, Tony sits back. The instrumental music plays lightly in the background. “Merry Christmas, Steve.”
With that done Steve focuses on getting his plug and dildos clean and sterilized. There’s nothing in the room at all to use. “Hmm. JARVIS?” He’d heard the prince talking to the AI last night.
THE END
(See the end of the chapter for
When Tony touches his wings - his heart and soul sings. He resonates with the touch as if each caress becomes a part of his nerves, his flesh, and his existence.  He knows in some way that is a true perception of what is happening. He’s being defined by Tony, the bond is growing, developing, becoming stronger as they touch. He wants only to be with Tony, to forget the rest of his cares. As they fumble together, trying to find an easy way with Steve’s injured wings, he dismisses the pains, the torture he went through, he sets aside the idea of a Collapsing Event and what evil may be seeping into the mortal worlds.  He’s falling irrevocably into the waiting arms of sin and he does not care.
Sam tugs at his shoulder and then marches forward toward their destination. The forest isn’t much of a forest and more of a wooded area close to the foothills and the rocky formations near where the conclave of the Skull sits according to the readout on Sam’s scanner. The snow on the ground thickens. They lose the clear sky as they continue forward. Bucky assumes they haven’t been detected and that Clint’s little maneuver in the sky as they dropped out of the ship covered their descent. Clint’s fast and able to throw cover fairly well.  Though Bucky knows better than to go too far with his assumptions.
Before long, Steve is helplessly humping into Tony’s hand. He begs Tony a little, asking him in tiny gasps to let him do the same for Tony. But Tony only shakes his head. He waits as Steve splays out before him, fucking into Tony’s hand and needy. He cries out his release and then Tony kisses him, deep and reckless – because there’s emotion there – too much and Tony’s not going to hide it. He’s always been a little too careless, too wild, too determined to get what he wants in any way he can. When Steve falls back on the mattress, weak and overcome, Tony tugs off his tie, throws down his jacket.
Steve looked down at his chest and his shoulders slumped inward, his back curled forward as if to hide the markings. “No.”
“Those are the nascent stars. Stars live a controlled chaotic kind of life. Interstellar clouds birth stars. The instability of the clouds causes it to collapse due to its own gravity. Fun fact – not unlike the way we generate false gravity in stations like Prime.  The materials clump then contract further, the density grows, its temperature rises, and finally the clump becomes a protostar. Then depending on the type of star – which depends a lot on what materials it’s made out of and how much of those materials - it will follow the lifecycle of the Hayashi track. It burns its life away until it either explodes or collapses again.” He shrugs. “It’s a beautifully horrific lifecycle.” His tone turns melancholy.
“That’s what you think.” Tony shook his head. “They are waiting to control you, Cap. That’s the short of it. They want you under their thumb. You go there, they control the soul pack.”
His heart races. He should be terrified. “I’m-. Sorry. I just need to get up.” The fire is out, just black and gray ashes in its wake.
Steve nods and then rolls his eyes – when is he going to learn. “Okay, sorry. I understand. I’ll go back to my room and work on my studies.”
“It was, sir, but Master Stark purchased it a week ago.”
Clint laughs and Steve glowers at him. “That’s exactly why I hate you.”
Tony snickers. “Let me make this easier on you. Let’s start with music. That’s a good topic and it’s easy. I love all kinds of music. Before the accident, I liked it yeah, but I couldn’t stand some of it. Like opera. My mom loved opera and to this day I can remember wanting to drill my head open rather than go to an opera with her. But now, now I can understand it so much better. And it’s not because of what you think. It’s because in college I had this crazy ass organic chemistry teacher that would play opera during our tests.”
“Well, this is different.”
“I’m not sure, but I think whatever they face in there is going to have a reaction out here,” Natasha answers. She’s leaning against the doorframe as if the weight of her words is too much of a burden.
“Keys are in the ignition,” Tony says and slides his arms around Steve. “Garage door is automatic. Just hit the fob button.”
“Yes, I’m going to DC, but I see you’re not in the approving column.” Steve wasn’t looking for approval but he didn’t know a lot of people and he hated the idea of pushing everyone away. Especially someone who would be linked to him in some mythical way for the rest of his life.
Steve brandishes the spatula. “Nope. Sent it last Wednesday. Arrived just before we got here. Since I was the first one to get here, I made sure of that by the way, I tucked in the laundry room behind the dryer.”
A battering ram of malice hits at him and he curls around Tony’s spirit guarding him. Through their mental bond, Steve can tell that Tony’s calculating, figuring how the exit might be hidden, concealed within Ultron’s Hub. It’s not only the exit Door for them, but Ultron’s way to secure his control over the internet and the planet. If they don’t find it, not only are they stuck here but Ultron might sneak out again, might find an escape from the worm infecting his code.
Steve turns to find Tony watching him from across the room. He only smiles in return. He’s never felt beautiful or handsome – not ever. He’s always been the scrawny, sickly kid that everyone had to take care of growing up. Going down that path leads him to Bucky and he needs to keep his head in the game.
“Nanites?” Steve murmurs and then shakes his head. “No, no. That’s what happened before. That’s what you did before. That’s-.”
“Part of that contract you just read and signed said we would furnish your wardrobe – that starts now.” Tony gives one last glance at Pepper and then sighs. “And the whole non-disclosure, trust thing? That starts now as well.” He yanks off his glasses as if they’re an offensive insect and tosses them onto the table. He’s only worn them for about an hour, so the headache is miniscule and there aren’t any spasms of his facial nerves. He swallows down the bile of fear and then pulls out Dummy. With a flick of his wrist Dummy becomes his walking stick, his lifeline. It was his first design – after the accident.
“Hasn’t everyone?” Sam says and taps the table to get Steve’s attention. “Listen, I know you, I understand what you’ve been through. But you have to be careful of men like Tony Stark. He grew up different from, well, you.”
“Sonnet 29. It’s cliché I know, but it’s always been my favorite. I know it by heart,” Steve says and knows his voice is wistful and yearning.
“Steve, one thing you have to realize that working for me, you need to know how to deal with media. Social media, news media, whatever. They are always after me. I’m a part time celebrity. Not by my own doing, but by the fact I’m successful and my dedication against violence.” Tony settles at the foot of his bed. He removes his shoes. “You’ve been invaluable to me with your artistic and technical insights with the implant. Even though we haven’t solved the problems with it, I’m farther along than I would have been without you.”
“Of course, I do! Like ninety percent of the world’s population wants to tap that,” Tony says and picks up a screwdriver just to have something in his hands. He plays a tune on the lab bench. “But, Steve, see? He’s not ready. It’s a big step. You know, going full out gay.”
“The sky’s my worry,” Steve says and nods to the darker clouds toward the far west where they are headed. “I’m hoping we make it across the river toward the ranch before we have to set down for the night.”
When Natasha arrived, the course of his life shifted as if a hurricane battered him and the roof had been torn off the shelter he’d been hiding in for months. Of course, he didn’t let her know how she affected him, how any of it affected him. She walked into the penthouse apartment like she owned the place. Her hair had been straightened and she wore civilian clothes. Black t-shirt with a gray blazer over it, and gray toned jeans with high glossy leather boots. Even dressed like an urbanite, there was no denying who or what she was.
Frowning, Tony reviews the conversation in his head. He doesn’t remember Steve ever asking him to sit for a portrait but maybe it was part of his hunger loopiness. He should be happy he wasn’t forced to dance the polka. “Coming, let me finish up here.” He picks up a towel and shakes it as if that tells the whole story. It satisfies Steve, who nods and leaves to go back to his room.
“Still waiting for her Captain to come back,” Natasha replies and gives him a quick peck on the cheek before stepping back to assess him. She raises an eyebrow. “I thought Buck was watching out for you? When’s the last time you slept?”
“No. No, thank you.” Steve can just imagine the mess that would make. He waves Tony off and then realizes he can’t see him. “Just no.”
He only nods and she leaves. As he lies in the bed, he feels a certain emptiness. His hands are strong but empty with no shield to grasp. His muscles are powerful but useless with no cause to fight. His heart aches.
“Good,” Tony said and went to his bag. “I have some supplies.” He stated it like he was ashamed.
Steve only nodded in response since the ball gag kept him from speaking.
He loops the ship toward the planet but then at the last minute pulls up. Few could outmaneuver Clint's flying skills. Sam whoops in the background as Bucky clings to the rail. He only wants to get there. The intelligence that they received from the bounty hunter, the Black Widow, carved terror into Bucky's chest like a serrated knife, jagged and torn. She'd told them that within the Gavinian system, the sixth planet from the twin stars, had hanging over it a large structure as big as the Death Stars of old, but there was something different about this space station. It wasn't round like a planetoid. It was a multiplex station like a an insect hive. Complex and interwoven on purpose. To ensure safety and security.
Yinsen is a god- sent. The man knows a lot of old myths, legends, classic literature along with his knowledge of math and physics. When he’s halfway through telling Tony the story of Dante’s Inferno Tony interrupts him.
“We don’t have time to argue,” Natasha said. The elevator buzzed. They had arrived. She went to pick up Steve, but Tony grabbed for him, holding him close. She commanded him, “Let go. Right now, with your transformation and abilities, you’re our ace in the hole. Get out there and clear us a path.”
“Do you believe in magic?” Steve asks, his throat dry.
Sam dunked the toast in the egg yolk. “It’s all about the symbolism in dreams. Not what’s actually happening.”
“You’re sure this will work? We’ve tried several other vampires. None of their glands were affected at all.” Ross glowered at them.
“Really?” Tony stands and starts to clear the table. He might have grown up with a silver spoon in his mouth, but his mother always had him clear his dishes and help Jarvis with the kitchen clean up. “I thought I saw Sam there quite a bit.”
Clint snorted. “Think again. The twins were nothing. They were easy. But your friend, there, he’s like a freaking bear.”
Yet, here the prince sways with him, holds him, dips him and hovers ever so close for a kiss – but then pulls away teasing him. He should be the one seducing Tony and not the other way around it. Tony bends him into a dip and slowly caresses his face as the music and stars surround them.
Steve didn’t move, he just sat on the floor. “Yeah?” He peered up at gurney.
“No, I think I have enough of the basic game down,” Steve replies and then goes to the bathroom to comb his hair and check if he needs a refresher for his makeup. When he checks out his face and neck, it looks good. “Time to go.” He inhales, holds it for four, and then slowly exhales. “Remember this is a job and nothing more.”
Steve shook his head. “It’s not that simple.” Could he bare his soul to Sam? Did Sam already know, considering that his life had been intertwined with Sam’s by some universal force? “You know I consider you a companion, Sam. I’m not only talking about Companion as in soul pack, but that I considered you a friend before you accepted being in the pack.”
Tony shakes his head. He’s not going to share how he found the dildos in Steve’s drawer. How Steve would never let him top. How he had the most beautiful alpha fragrance and now he knows it wasn’t just alpha but omega mixed in – no wonder it was nearly high inducing.
"Why?"
“Explain?” Tony grimaces as if he’s heard the words before and hates them, as if he anticipates everything Steve might say to him. “Listen, I get that I’m only good for a quick fuck, that you don’t want it to be anything else but-. I can do that for you. Let me go and get some lube. You can fuck me like those guys in college did, you can fuck me and leave me-.”
“I thought you hated this room.”
Looking up, he smiles. He still a little lost in his thoughts. “Yes?”
As long as he forgets to remember the true memories and stays secure at the cabin on the lake.
A gasp and Steve snapped his eyes open. Tony opened his mouth in a round o shape and stared wide eyed at Steve. Steve queried him. “What?”
“Any intel on who the older man was at the train attack?” Steve asked.
“Don’t do that, turn them back on!”
The questions batter him and Tony watches as his shoulders slump and exhaustion overcomes Steve. “I just don’t know. All I know is that there was something beyond my understanding to the tesseract. It controlled space but it also seemed linked to other elements of the universe. Like a door way through to other places, other possibilities. I really can’t tell.” A heavy breath escapes him, and he pushes back onto the bed. “I died. I came back time and again as a lion. I thought I was cursed.”
In his ear Sam asks, "We getting close because it's getting hot out here."
Steve finishes his first loaf and bowl of stew. He goes back to the kitchen for more as he speaks, “No. I’m not. He propositioned me. Kissed me and stuck his hand down my pants.”
“Okay,” Steve says and ignores the tears blocking his vision. “Could you tell Vision to pack up the room. I need to get some of the research from the lab-.”
He needs to ask the scientists if there’s any way to suppress his heat. He can’t be with anyone ever again. And if there’s not a way to suppress it, he knows one way. One sure fire way to ensure he’ll never go into heat again.
“Well, that’s even better,” Sam returned and reached out his hand. “How do we do this?”
“Yes.” He doesn’t flinch this time.
Tony nods and leans into Steve’s hand. “We did this together, Steve. I’m forever grateful for your help, but more, I could live a thousand years with you as my eyes.” Steve tries to blink away the tears that blur his vision, but it’s Tony who reaches up and catches them as they fall from his eyes. “Tell me I’m reading this right.”
“No, it’s not okay. He infected JARVIS. He’s been a double agent all this time,” Tony said and pushed Steve behind him so that he could protect him with his body.
“Anything for the Sheriff,” Darcy says as she walks out. She’s in her apron with trousers. Tony doesn’t say a thing about her dress and, for that, Steve’s grateful. He’s not especially interested in Darcy taking out her small lash and smacking Tony with it. She keeps it secure to her belt, on most days.
Steve ignores the endearment -which Tony’s grateful for since it slipped out. “Well, no need to worry. I brought my shield. We can go sledding on that.” He beams.
“No, I – no but,” Steve stutters and blanks out for a moment. It’s an odd look, as if he’s completely zoned out before he snaps back into place. “My mom she named me after him.”
Tony pulls back and sees genuine tears in Steve’s eyes. “Of course, I would, Blu. Always.”
“You got a fucking weird sense of mortality and duty, you know that, right? You have a pack! How many times do we-I have to tell you that? You can’t get rid of me. None of us. You take us as a package deal.” Tony squeezed his shoulders that at once felt strong and weak.
"It's your company now," Steve points out as Tony urges him to eat with a wave of his fork.
“Yeah.” Steve packs up his comic portfolio. “Just can’t make a living in it. I paint but not often enough anymore. Just no time with trying to make ends meet. That is until I got this job.” Steve zips closed the cheap leather case and Tony wonders if it’s the last time he’ll be able to see his art. Something hard and cold sits like ice in his chest. He rubs at his sternum and then turns away.
“What do you have?” Tony asked. He was taking college level chemistry even though he was still in high school.
“And the best part is, you get to stay up and watch me,” Tony smiles as he locks the case. How he found everything he wanted, Steve hasn’t a clue.
Tony only smiles. “You’re hurt, you need to sleep.”
Tony whispered his response.
“Really? We won a revolution to wipe out the class system. I would think you would get that since you were opposed to your father’s actions.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says and his gland pulses and his brow sweats. Heat is very close. “I didn’t realize.”
“Tell me you’re not pushing that Mantra out to stifle the pack again,” Sam said.
“Maybe the chasm between us is just too big, Tony. Maybe this whole charade is just that – a charade. I appreciate what you’re trying to do for my team. I really do. But this.” He lifts his chin to indicate the bonding collar. “It’s show and nothing more. I’m not bonded to you.” He sighs and closes his eyes only briefly before opening them again. “You know when those scientists first took my gland it was over. We tried to bond again, and it didn’t take. You got sick-.”
“We have all night,” Steve says and knows it’s a weak excuse.
He turned back to the matter at hand. “I don’t know where the shield is, not really. Maybe in the Potomac. He was on the shore. Beaten and shot, several times. Don’t have any idea how he got there. He was mumbling gibberish, about that old friend he had during the war.” That was all true, but some part of it felt off, wrong like Tony tried to conceal something important that he really didn’t even know he had.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Steve started as he drove through the evening. “You didn’t have to come to my rescue.”
When he awakes again, the nurse in recovery hovers over him. She’s removing the nasal cannula and lightly testing his sense of touch. She presses on his chest and torso, asking him if he can feel it. He can and nods. The room around him is dimly lit and monitors squeak and beep at him. He can feel a blood pressure cuff around his arm. Licking his lips, he asks, “Water?”
“I thought we already crossed this divide. I thought we were getting somewhere.”
“I don’t know, Tony,” Steve said. “I wasn’t – I haven’t.” Words failed him.
“Natasha, what? Where’s Fury? He won’t finish it. I need extraction, it’s happening.”
“Don’t say that. I can be satisfied and happy with you”
“You don’t need to know,” Steve says and winces as he moves. “You can go, I can take care of myself.”
Steve frowned as he looked at Bruce’s hand. “I’m not thinking that at all. I’m just worried.” He peered over his shoulder at the considerable damage Bruce had done to the laboratory. He couldn’t even name some of the instruments, but he was sure the big one in the corner shouldn’t have a dent in the side. “You shouldn’t have to carry my burden along with your own.”
Bruce jumped in. “Okay, we got it. What can I do for you, Steve?”
He needs to figure out if that person in the room is actually Tony’s consciousness or Ultron. Dressing, Steve rolls his shoulders – the clothes are old fashioned, plaid and stiff with starch. This world Ultron created in his own brain hasn’t caught up with reality. Steve hasn’t worn this style of clothing since he moved to Washington D.C. and Natasha took him out for a shopping spree with what she called a ‘burn your closet down’ after party. It only means one thing – Ultron doesn’t really know him, not really. If Steve makes the next logical step along the way, then it would mean that Ultron may not be up to date on Tony either.
Steve shakes his head and points to the folder with the information, however scant it is. “But you know them, you know what I’m up against, you’ve even got the notes on the possibilities, run the scenarios.”
“Time folds as does space,” Heimdall confounds with his answer.
“Yeah, like we are.” And then Steve kissed him. Maybe, just maybe, Tony might come to an understanding of being Beloved in a soul pack.
Steve stays completely still. The air pulses around him; it feels like something imminent is going to happen like the air is charged and a lightning bolt might strike him. He doesn’t interrupt.
No fuss. All business.
“That bad, huh?” he says and allows Coulson to direct him to the small administrative offices of the docking bay.
Tony’s throat closes. The words clog his throat.
He rams it with his shoulder to get it out of the way as she heaves Clint onto his side. Tony asks, “Should I call an ambulance?”
Blu picks up his head and blinks. Lions sleep a lot. No wonder any time they went to the San Diego Zoo when he was a child, the lions were always clunked out. He just assumed they were bored in their enclosures. Blu yawns at him and drops his head back to the ground. Tony shakes him.
“Who’s your favorite?” Tony asks and tosses the lollipop into the glass of water on his desk. He used to do that as a kid. Had a bunch of lollipops in different solutions of water with the hope that one of them would eventually dissolve the lollipop and he would have a sugary drink. Didn’t work. Except for the one that he didn’t use water, but then again, the glass melted too.
“Yes, I know,” Tony said. “Most of the coven leaders and the Divini are here. It’s like a convention but without all the booze and drugs.”
Maybe these were the subatomic particles within their souls, the forces binding them together.
She gives a little smirk. “You’re not the only one. You don’t have to carry the burden all on your own. I knew, too. I chose not to tell him.”
Before one of the soldiers can lift his gun, Tony says, “Now.” The mini-rockets pick off each soldier with ease. The Hunter’s henchmen drop to the dusty road without a sound. Tony doesn’t like to kill, never did, but some evils are necessary.
The fourth level it has not experienced. It tried. So many times it tried. The threats were always there, but it never acted so that the punishment might be to be refrozen. It longed for the cold, for the ice. For the days when her eyes would see it. Nothing saw it now. The guards, its masters, trained it. Three times a week, it would be trained to do another chore or accept another experimental torment.
“He feels something then. Mates do, though they don’t know why or how,” Thor said. He smiled, and it broke the marble like cast to his skin. “Call it intuition. That special link that pairs you with him, it brings certain things to the surface for the mate as well.”
Tony raises his hand to halt his objection. “It’s easy enough to do. You don’t know how high society works, Captain. This Schmidt, like every other imbecile in high society, thrives on their connections.” He puts his shoulder against the door frame, all ease and grace and no one would guess he nearly died in this room. “Schmidt wants to make the headlines, he wants Pierce to know he’s someone to be reckoned with. Easy enough to get myself an invite and I’ll bring my party along which will include you.”
“You’re beautiful,” Steve murmurs and leans down to kiss the chest augmentation. Tony clasps the back of Steve’s head and moans out a small cry as he kisses a ring around the implant. Tony wobbles, and Steve gazes up at him. “I’m gonna take good care of you tonight, baby. Real good care.”
Clearing his throat, Steve says, “I’m glad to see you’re doing better.”
On the screen, Ross stepped up to a podium. “Today we’ve come to a nexus in our time. When we can rid both humans and vampires alike of this contention of mating and drinking human blood.” He pointed to the young man who looked a decided color of gray. “We understand the physiology of vampires well enough now that we know the fangs and their toxins can do great harm. But no more! This young vampire allowed us to remove the fangs and the glands that go with it. He is no longer able to drink from a human or mate to a human. He doesn’t have the ability to shoot poison into a human’s body to cause a human to want to mate. He doesn’t have the ability to turn a human. He is simply undead. Does he feed? Yes, but on simple cup of animal blood. He has no taste for human blood anymore.”  Ross gestured to someone off screen.
“You will know one way or the other.” Wong left the empty office.
Paralyzed Tony remained silent until Steve – with his angular shoulders and smaller stature, stood up and wiped away the tears. Before he turned Steve said, “You had to come here.” It wasn’t accusatory but sounded more defeated as if Steve had wanted to keep this memory to himself. For a moment, Tony hoped that this image of Steve, this ghost of the past might be speaking to someone else in the memory. He didn’t get his wish. “You shouldn’t have come, Tony.”
A few guards file into the Quin Jet and settle in the back as Tony goes through a pre-flight check. Tony tells Steve to take the co-pilot seat which feels all kinds of wrong, but he follows the prince’s request. He grips the arms of the chair to ensure he doesn’t muck anything up by touching it at the wrong time. Tony spots him and winks.
“You haven’t even eaten a salad or wrap or anything else. You can’t eat dessert first.” He dishes out the salad and places one of the wraps on the plastic plate that is masquerading as good China. He offers the filled plate to Tony with a fork and napkin. “Come on now take it.”
Even though Tony should be horrified by his alternate self’s fate, he can’t get the broken sound of Steve calling for him, begging them not to do it, praying for Tony’s life. He knows how much they meant to one another. Hand in glove. They were different but made to fit to one another. He doesn’t have to query Richards again about it, because he knows his answer. In whatever universe Tony Stark and Steve Rogers exist, they are together like the Earth and the Moon, endlessly circling each other – tugging and pulling on one another. One without the other cannot exist. They were made for one another. There’s no denying it.
“Thanks Jarvis, send him in.”
A bright holographic image appears above the phone surface. The schematic is rudimentary and obviously generated by Friday with a skillset learned from the internet. It’s good – no doubt about it – but it lacks finesse. Steve understands why Tony brought him in on the project. It needs refinement. Tony waves in the general direction of the interface. “I think I can upgrade it so that the region of the brain isn’t compromised. All you would have to do is place it sub-.”
“I think that can wait. Maybe you should talk to Bucky, first,” she said and then nodded to Bucky.
“Stop fidgeting, I can’t get your tie done.” Pepper unknots the tie again and flips up his collar. “Where are your glasses?”
a form of entertainment back on Mother Earth. The movie frames depicted a street that reminds Steve of this part of the Station. It was a story about a magical nanny and two wayward children. He can’t recall the name of the movie now, but he remembers the images. They’d been so vibrant and beautiful even though they’d faded with time. The vid had been a documentary and Steve had seen it with his mother before she became too desperately ill to leave the house.
Steve nods quickly and turns away. As he works at the sink, he says in a weak voice, “I’m sorry to hear that. I always thought you were a great couple.”
“But here is what I fear,” Thor says and his voice drops as he bows his head. “I feel that if the concoction used to poison the knife, that pierced your good friend in his back had been formulated by my wayward brother, it may be even more serious, more potent than that. A powerful mixture of ergot and Loki’s known brilliance for formulations.”
“We can have a nice dinner, relax, watch the stars. I know they have some great telescopes in the observatory,” Tony says, and he lays his hand on Steve’s that rests on the arm of the chair.
“You want us to end?” Tony asks and he’s massaging Steve’s hand, rubbing it, and holding it close to where the arc reactor once sat.
CHAPTER 6: KOREA – PRESENT DAY
Fortunately, Scott answers and sounds tired but always joyful. “Hey, why the honor of you calling me? I thought you were thick as thieves with Wanda.”
“Agent Coulson,” she says and then turns down the air conditioning unit again. “There’s nothing more to tell. Go and see his grave, my friend, maybe along with Captain America you can pay your respects to them.” She nods and he takes that as his signal to leave.
“He seems to be lucid at the moment, and asking for you. He has some information on your Deputy.”
“Oh yeah, sure. You know about the nanites? I’d like to know a little more about their constructions, angstroms, programming, targeting agents. The whole nine yards.”
Several of the Stark guards fall in step ahead of the prince and Steve. Their hands on weapons as they move through the station. People give the entourage a wide berth. With his smaller size, Steve’s dwarfed by the crowd around him, and he quietly thanks the heavens for that. He’s not one to like crowds or to be the center of attention. He’s seen the vids of Tony presenting information or being on a stage rallying the troops. He could never perform on stage. It’s just not him.
One of the agents grimaced but they shifted their motions, becoming more cognizant of their strength. Not tender, not gentle in any way, but careful.
"Come on," he'd said as he dragged his hand down Steve's come splattered chest. "Come away with me."
And for a single moment, the crucial moment, Steve cannot grasp a viable answer. The need, the urgency is too strong to deny and he falls into the kiss more than anything else. He opens his mouth and welcomes Tony in, and his hands are grasping at Tony’s shoulders, pushing the shirt away and down. He wants this more than he’s willing to consciously admit. Forcing his head with its cluttered thoughts to shut down, Steve only listens to the growing resolve within him, to do this thing, to release himself of his burdens, to follow the path toward damnation.
“You’re late,” Natasha said and nudged Tony out into the open so that his mate could see him in his weakest state. It was fucking embarrassing. She acted like it was a business contract – and to the coven it was. It wasn’t how Tony saw it, not at all.
“You’re probably right, sir.” Steve takes another tactic. “Did you come to the conference to speak with the factions of the Conclave?”
The question stuns him; he opens his mouth, and then shuts it. "No?"
“No, no we can’t. But Tony has to deal with it as a burden, every day.”  Her demeanor changes, seems more like the moments before Ultron forced her to whip him, hit him repeatedly, lashed his face. She searches his eyes as if in resolution to find the answer she seeks. “You have to understand, what Tony’s doing now. Who he’s with now, is because he can’t be with you. He can’t.”
“He’s been hit,” Natasha said as Steve collapsed into her arms. He saw the gray skies above and the flash of lightning surround them. It started to rain as he lost consciousness.
“No one is in there to let us in?” Tony asked as he peered at the at least 9-meter-high wall. Shit that was high. What the fuck were they doing in there?
For a moment, Steve hesitated. He glimpsed the beautiful markings on his arm, the one that traveled the length of his arm and went up and under his shirt – the Beloved mark. It should be something joyous, something to celebrate. Even if they were not romantically involved, it meant that Steve not only had a team, but a family. He turned, going to the door. Stopping, Steve peered over this shoulder at Tony. He wanted to say something, explain – anything. The words desiccated in his mouth, dry like ash. Why couldn’t he talk to the man?
“I just want you to know -.”
“Did you hear what’s going on? What he’s up to?” Bucky says and shoves Steve back into the booth. He pushes into the bench across from Natasha, squishing Steve into the corner.
“And now?” Tony asks as he settles down next to Steve, his hands busy again checking the bandages on his abdomen. “What do you wish you could have now?”
“I tried, Momma, I tried,” he whispered and dropped the knife in the sink. The blood in his veins pounded in his brain and he clutched onto the edge of the counter. “I tried but I couldn’t stop them. I could never stop them.”
That perks up Steve. He jerks his attention to Tony from the large window next to his bed. There are machines hooked up to him as if he’s on death’s door and several doctors and nurses crowd around his bed.
He throws his arm over his eyes, blocking out the world. “You know who I am.”
"I'm not doing with- I won't if you can't even stand on your own two feet," Tony says and makes a stand. He'd rather die than make yet another mistake, put another person in danger. He sees all the mistakes and horror that he's precipitated in his life. He understands now, he gets it and some Army grunt is not going down because of Tony. Not now, not again, not ever.
“Relax,” Sam said. “I don’t want to be there anymore than you want me there. Can someone teach this dude about that Soul Mantra thing.” Sam rubbed at his temple and squeezed his eyes closed. “It’s like a buzz, a very loud buzz. He’s giving me a headache.”
Tony follows his request, and swims over to him. “I’m standing here, trying to put this together. We were in a god damned cave, I have a reactor in my chest, and you have wings on your back. How is this even possible?”
“Well, that’s pleasant.” Now is not the time for self-pity. He needs to stay alert and help. He’s supposed to be the protector of the two of them. Get Tony to the Hub, protect and shield him. “Any ideas? Did you get a clear picture of the Hub. I mean I know this is a virtual place that Ultron can change at any time, but there must be-.”
In the end, Steve feels like an insufferable idiot for questioning Tony’s motives. The truth of the matter is – he knows what Tony’s gone through – at least as a man who’s always felt he had to hide his feelings and his interest in other men. It’s obvious why Tony would escape the East to find his fortune out West. It isn’t about money but freedom. The West offers many things, opportunity is one, freedom is that other.
“Tony, please,” Steve says and, against the cold, the snow, the hell of losing the man he loves, Steve reaches and scoops Tony up in his arms. Somehow he finds the strength to clamber to his feet even in the slippery mess. He straightens and sees that Shield and Tony’s horse aren’t far away. The fire of fear in his chest, Steve carries Tony across the bank toward the horses. The twigs and roots in his way try and trip him, but something like possession of spirits facilitates Steve’s progress.
“I couldn’t.” Tony drops his gaze and Steve hates himself a little more. “Don’t do that, Steve. I couldn’t because it meant exposing myself, to the possibilities, being vulnerable to the potential of something so momentous – I couldn’t hope. Do you see? I couldn’t hope.”
It’s not to be, because as soon as Steve steps away Tony slides off the horse again. Steve’s quick enough to catch him.
“Don’t worry they won’t scratch.” Tony shakes the walking stick. “This is one of my first inventions. I used it a lot in school. It can be disguised as a walking stick or a small handheld rod that looks like a cell phone charger.” He gives Dummy a quick jerk and the stick folds up to the size of a charger. “It helped me navigate the campus. As did my friends.”
Steve keeps creating his angel in the snow. “That’s not true. I listen to the Stones and the Beatles. Once in a while Beyoncé.”
“I’m not a Captain anymore, ma’am. I laid down the shield and I am just -.” What was he? He wasn’t a kid anymore. He wasn’t a Captain. He wasn’t even truly from Brooklyn anymore. “I’m no one.”
“Good god, this is an emergency. Why didn’t you say something?” Tony leaps off his stool and rushes around the island to the disgraced Keurig machine. “You poor baby, did mean Captain America not treat you right?”
“Please.” He settles back in his leather chair, leaning back with his feet on the desk. With this nonchalant attitude he’s sure to get her to leave. Pepper lingers for a moment as if she doubts him.
A hand touches his shoulder and then a quiet voice says, “Just puke it out, you’ll feel better.”
Steve learns the consequences of being with a prince. He might want to run away, but in the end he knows he's drawn to the fire.
Ultron knows the details of the inside of the Quin Jet down to the last button. The crash mangled most of the jet, yet the minutiae from reality is still visible. He drops his pack and goes to the cockpit. Checking the readouts and trying to get the engines to turn over proves futile. It’ll be shelter but not much more.  The first rule of survival shelter, food, water. That’s all they need. Shelter the most important because of the weather.
Bucky hurries away from the stone wall to give Sam enough wing room. Exposed he's in jeopardy so he gets down on one knee to decrease the targeting area and pulls out his rifle blaster to start picking off the troopers. In front of him the soldiers surge but Sam picks them off from the sky as Redwing calls out. The soldiers scramble for cover but Bucky leaps forward shooting and striding as he goes. With a mean arc, Sam loops downward and curves to pick Bucky up. In one scoop he manages it, but the load is heavy and he cries out curses, swearing at the weight of Bucky's arm.
“If Dad could have, he would have changed his own genetics,” Tony says. “But we all know that kind of thing went south pretty fast. But you think I could do this my way? With the omega?” That would mean ignoring everything he learned, and trusted from Estane. From his mentors and tutors over the years.
“Hmm, what?” Steve asks.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He finally looks at Tony. Reaching out, he grasps Tony’s hand. “I liked the memories. I liked them a lot, Tony. I’m sorry I wasn’t honest with you when I came to the Tower. It’s kind of hard to tell someone that they lived a whole other life with you that they don’t remember.”
“If you’ve finished marveling at the kitchen can we go to the back porch. I’d like to listen to the ocean for a bit while I get my bearings.”
Steve hugs his arms around his knees and clenches his jaw. It’s not the first time Bucky’s gone missing during a combat. Space battles cause long delayed information. Recently, Steve’s received at least two different notifications of Bucky’s unknown status. Usually, the notification states unknown – not missing in action.
“Ye-yes. That would be great.”
“You’ve made a grave mistake, Captain. You should have never played your hand. I assume you don’t win at poker very often.”
Hulk lumbers behind him, growling as he climbs. Ultron mustn’t have studied Hulk’s natural movements or abilities enough to know that Hulk wouldn’t climb. He’d launch and leap up the side of the mountain, overtaking Steve without a sweat. Ultron doesn’t know. An advantage that creaks open the door a tiny bit to Ultron’s weaknesses. He may be brilliant like Tony, but his inexperience lends them an advantage.
With ease, Tony instructs Steven to the center of the large rack that looks more like a work out station with bars and swings. He brings a harness around and wraps it around Steven’s chest, securing it along his backbone with snaps. The chains that link the harness to the rack jingle as he works. Tony swallows several times. Even out of urgency this omega does him harm.
He jars himself out of the moment, and sits back. “I’m sure I do not, sir.” He moves his eyes around the room and cannot believe how close he came, how far he moved into the realm he promised not to tread.
“You know what I mean, you know that the little town of Avenge happens to be a place people seek out to hide, not much around here. Is there? No gold. No silver, hell there’s not even copper.”
“Like you don’t?” The tone challenges and Tony snickers.
“Fuck a duck, what the hell?” He clasps his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Passing fancies? Did you look up that turn of phrase just so I would understand it?” Steve chuckled.
Steve only nods. He gazes up at Tony and it feels like he’s looking at the nebula again. The beauty belies the power within.
“You see dear Captain, I’m already here. I’m already replacing you.”
The lion rumbles and stands up, yawning and then simply walks away. Probably off to hunt – though Tony knows female lions are the hunters, lone male lions have to hunt for themselves. He should take it as a compliment that Blu doesn’t consider him his mate.
Steve finds he’s nearly hyperventilating after the doctor’s statement. He takes a few calming breathes. “What the hell was that about?”
“I’m not sure I understand what you mean. He’s been an advisor to the Stark family since my father. Actually went school with my father and they became best pals or whatever. Obie and Howard were inseparable. Once Howard took to drinking his life away, Obie took over most of the Systems’ operations. Also, acted like a father to me when Jarvis – the original Jarvis – wasn’t around. I owe a lot to him. If he hadn’t been there when my mom and dad died, not sure I would have made it through.”
“For someone who says SHIELD saved you, you seem oddly suspicious of its intentions.”
“Thanks,” he says and tips his hat as he heads toward the Stark residence. He doesn’t even think anything of it until he’s at the door, quilt in hand, and knocking. He hadn’t intended to give in to his whims, but he isn’t, is he? He’s only delivering a quilt and picking up the boy.
As he pounded into Tony, Steve reached out within their soul bond and with his energies bound Tony, brought their resonance together until they were completely and utterly merged with one another. Their crests and ebbs synchronized and pulsed a beat along with their physical beings. It slammed into Steve like a bullet – yet instead of pain it brought with it a heated pleasure. On the brink, Steve barely understood the motion of his body as Tony met him stroke for stroke. He followed Tony’s hand as it worked his own erection, he watched as Tony arched back and cried out. Throwing his head back, Steve released his physical hold and succumbed to the bond itself. He cried out as the world around him dissipated and their energies perfectly met. The fires within spoke and he came as Tony spilled over his hand.
“Is safe. Tony didn’t even ask about him,” Natasha replies. “T’Challa is not going to let anyone touch Bucky, you know that.” She waits as if she has something else to say. He doesn’t invite her, but then that never stopped Natasha. “Why you did this, I cannot imagine. But how you felt, well, I think you should know it’s gutted him.”
Another reporter screamed, “There was a large data dump from SHIELD. Reports say that there might be a Nazi affiliation within the United States government.”
“Yeah, every day,” Steve says. “He lives across the hall.”
“What?”
“I’m surprised you don’t know it, Rogers,” Natasha says and she’s sitting on the other side. Her smile has lines it in, like someone’s crossed it out. “It’s a fairy tale. There’s one Prime Alpha and one Omega – sometimes they call the Omega a prime too. Don’t know what that is. But they are destined for one another. Through the ages.”
Quiet descended. Even the nurses to the sides of the lobby and the security guards trying to manage the crowd stopped to watch and listen.
Obie goes to protest but Tony turns away from him and smiles. “Great idea, Steve. Lead the way.”
“Gave him a name, figured he can’t eat me if I name him.”
Letting even the other team members know this bit of information teetered on breach of contract. Tony had talked it over with Steve the night before as he sat on the bed and Steve held himself still and quiet.
By the time they get to foot of the rise, the sheets of ice have turned into an icy rushing river. Already it’s over Steve’s ankles. They don’t have a lot of time and he desperately hopes that beyond the ridge they can find shelter away from Ultron’s attacks.
“I have a few bruises, I’ll heal.”
He picks through his clothes, which are few and finds his best shirt. It’s cambric with insets and a button down. It is also his only colored shirt; it’s a soft blue hue and he knows it reflects his eye color nicely. He spends time with the hot iron that he’s warmed on the pot belly stove in the main office of the jail. He doesn’t often iron his clothes or care much about what he’s wearing, but tonight is different.
He hears the Red Knight’s call, “Herald the Silver Knight. Take him. Take him alive!”
“Two lines up and down your back, actually on either side of your back, of puncture wounds. It looks like you’ve been skewered. I can’t figure out if it’s deep. That’s not my specialty. If Yinsen was here-.” He stops and audibly swallows. “But he’s not and you’re stuck with me. Did they capture you trying to save me?”
“Not sure this is the best bedtime story, old man.” They’ve gotten into a habit of whispering either a memory or a bit of a book as a way to sign off for the night. It helps them both sleep. They suffer night terrors. Even the lion seems to enjoy the stories. Tony notices that at night he tugs against his chain to sidle up as close as possible to listen to their whispers.
Steve keeps his eyes unfocused, tapping his implant to have it play the news directly into his auditory nerve.
“You were alone with me a lot on the island, Tony,” Steve says but his voice has dropped an octave.
“It’s okay,” Tony said as if he read a little too much through their bond. “You don’t have to try-.” He attempted to pull his hand away.
“Want you to clean me off and suck me while I study,” Steve says. “Kneel at my feet and suck me until I’m done.”
Tony grinned. “Then you’ll be happy to know that Clint’s wife said we had to double up in the sleeping arrangements.”
“Want always, always to be like this. So good. So full. Not hungry anymore. So full.” He wrenches his body off the bed, so much so he nearly dislodges Tony.
“I saved you because I knew you weren’t dead, I felt it. Was that real?”
“Okay, Bruce.” Steve stood up. “I think I should go. You’re all right and I have to finish packing.” Part of that was a lie. He didn’t have any other packing to do. Being awake less than a month meant he didn’t have a lot of possessions.
“I told Natasha not to talk to you about it, not to say anything,” Tony said. He ran his hands through his own hair, messing it. “I don’t know what happened, but you came back to life. You survived.”
“Will do.”
“Going back to work, someone has to protect the town,” Steve says, and then digs out a shirt. It isn’t his best one, but then again, he doesn’t have much in the way of ‘best ones’. He slips it on with a wince, and then buckles on his holster.
“Well, not to brag but I’m pretty phenomenal with the har- with a pencil. Yes, I draw, a lot. Tons. I’m very good at it.” He shuts up because at least he’s not lying but he shouldn’t be revealing what he does over the Boundaries to keep busy.
“You could have gone back in time,” Tony remarks.
Tony slips his hand away from Steve’s and moves off the stool. He curls his hands into the hoodie pockets and says, “I know.”
“Clint?”
Jarvis smiles at him. “Looks like falafel wraps. I hope you like it. I’ve just tried out a new recipe Ana and I encountered on our latest trip to Morocco.”
“Tony.” Steve swallows and then closes his eyes as Tony searches his face with his hands, fingers like a dancer fulfilling the steps of some choreography.
“Right off,” Steve mumbles and it hurts to talk. She looks at him with a pity in her eyes that stabs straight to his heart. “Will they heal?”
“We’ve been talking to Doctor Strange-.” Natasha glanced at the sorcerer.
Tony shakes his head and looks out the large glass doors to where the ocean gently hits the shore over and again. “Don’t say things like that. It’ll only get you in trouble.”
Everything Tony says floats and bubbles up mixing and fusing together. He can’t make heads or tails of it. Tony continues to rub his shoulder and even that grates like a thousand pins and needles. It feels exactly like the moment right after the pod opened during the Project Rebirth experiment. Everything crashed into him like a wrecking ball to the chest. He manages to breathe slowly and purposefully as he did then. He peeks open his eyes and is rewarded with being able to see Tony.
“Then,” Steve said and there was a quirk of a smile to his lips. “Maybe I should take a page out of your book. Maybe I should try something?” He leaned down and, for a moment, paused before he pressed dry lips against Tony’s mouth. Frozen, Tony did not respond. It wasn’t passionate or moving, but analytical and evaluative. Steve stood back up and stared down at Tony.
She stops and taps the laptop. "They're moving me to London. Perhaps you can take some of my things and store them for me?"
Under Steve’s hands, Tony no longer needs the armor to fly. He takes flight and his mind scatters as Steve massages him, strokes him, sucks him. He fingers Tony in the lightest way – a tease once again and Tony shudders in anticipation. He drags his tongue along Tony’s erection and there’s nothing for it now. A bit of pre-come splashes out. He inhales in gasps Steve’s laps it up. His tongue is so talented that Tony longs for it.
When Tony manages to look up again, he watches as they snap on a chain to Steven’s collar and a stun him even as he struggles to his feet, wavering from the punishment. His suffering eats away at Tony, nearly leaving him weak and helpless, but then he catches a glimpse of Steven’s expression.
He wipes his hand through his hair and straightens his shoulders. “No ma’am.”
If this was the evil villain giving his
For the briefest of moments, Steve considers using Bucky’s fate as a cover story, but that’s just wrong and he shakes his head. He must blame the sin on himself where it belongs but at the same time save Tony from knowing he’s having Stane looked into at the moment. “I’m – I’m sorry, my prince. I’m new at this and sometimes – sometimes it’s overwhelming. Hearing Mer Stane’s opinion of me was a little difficult to deal with – I’m sorry. Can you forgive me. I only went back to my assigned brothel and talked with the Widow. She put my head on straight.” He fists his hands. “Can you forgive me?”
She narrows her eyes and gathers the suit to herself, wrinkling it, he’s sure. “In what capacity?”
Before Tony had a chance to answer, Coulson spun on his heel and left. No more words, no more demands. He just left. Tony stood there, staring at the drive and feeling the cold of the truth eat him. He let himself stand there – frozen and paralyzed – without a thought in his head at all. He just focused on the drive.
“I can help you, I have money.”
“Jesus,” Steve says and wants desperately to slide down to the floor. “We still need to get to the Hub then?”
Thankfully, he had a restful sleep. Steve could do one thing well, and that was bury what bothered him. His generation learned to be stoic about hardships. Growing up in the Great Depression taught him a lot.  He got up early the next morning for his run. He loved to run along the Washington Mall, seeing the monuments and the museums as the city came awake. He communed with the dawn and recalled what his life, his mission, was all about for him. Why he tried to do good. As he finished up his run, he met a guy – Sam Wilson.
It disrupts their connection, dislodging Tony from him. He doesn’t seem to care, the prince devours him, pushing away the wires and circuit boards and tec-crystals as he explores Steve’s mouth, his neck, his nipples. Steve becomes the instrument to be played by the prince and he knows he colors, blushes a deep desirous red. Tony searches over his flesh as if looking for anywhere he may have missed and then his spreads Steve wide, pauses only a moment to push the head of his cock against Steve’s entrance and then thrusts in with a thunderous growl.
“You’ve made a grave mistake.” Sorrow laces her tone. “Going in this deep for someone out of your league is fool’s play. You’re going to end up hurt and worse, not hurt or worse. You understand that, right?”
He dives for Steve and grappling to get a hold of the Jedi but cannot grasp a handhold. He curses but happens to catch a hand on the metal cage of his muzzle. He hauls Steve close and immediately cups him to his chest. “It’s okay. You’re okay. If Clint will ever get here.”
“Yes, together,” Tony says. He swallows down the words because together can mean so many different things. Imagining these hands, hands with such skill, stroke down his chest, touching him, caressing him lower until -. He moves away from Steve’s touch. “Yeah, together.” He mutters and then adds, “Glad you’re with me here.”
“Really?” Any minute now he’s going to say golly gee and Tony’s going to go all soft and gooey inside.
Had Tony mentioned Happy? Steve thought he had. His mind was so fuzzy. “Does Happy have a way out?”
Howard placed a finger on the top comic book. “Read these. I’ll get you some history books so you can read about how a real man fights a war. You need to know these things, if you’re going to run Stark Industries someday.” He left Tony’s small workshop which was just a small room off his bedroom.
“Just don’t break anything.” He leaves the main office of the jailhouse and climbs up to the solitary room.
He fumbles for his keys and thinks about Bucky, always there to help him dig them out, or retrieve one from one of his hidey holes. But Bucky and Sam are in Washington DC, living the happily ever after life. Steve never would have thought they would have made a good couple, but somehow, they found each other and the smart remarks and sharps barbs turned into long walks and dates until they could no deny it any longer. Steve is happy for them. He really is, but he misses them something fierce. He can’t begrudge them their happiness or the opportunity they received when Phil Coulson called for them to start one of the rehab centers in DC. The veteran organization that ran the rehab center had one in New York – Brooklyn Heights no less – but now the grant Coulson won allowed them to branch out and include new sites. It was a dream come true for Sam.
“See?” The Red Knight says. “You’re not a demon. Just plain old Steve Rogers.”
“I appreciate that. I do,” Tony says and it’s true. He does not want this to disappear, to be a joke that Steve laughs about years from now.
Too many input points barraged Steve – he had a newly bonded pack member without counsel as well as an assassin roaming DC, but Steve also needed to face the new truths of what had happened moments after arriving at the hospital.
“I talked to Thor a little,” Steve said with a half-smile. “He’s a little freaked out, but he’s getting there.”
“Time’s a wasting,” Tony says and taps his wrist where his non-existent watch is. “Come on, partner, I’m going to save my babe.”
“Oh shit! Do that, move. Move!” It’s a command more than a cry.
