Pepper regarded him sternly. “You don’t have to do this,” she said. “I’ll be fine on my own. I’ll stay at home and work on embroidery for the child. You can tell Mr. Jarvis to call in on me, if you absolutely have to. Fury’s charges will probably be down to visit once they arrive. I’ll be
Yes, that wasn’t Barnes at all. He’d always griped about flowery turns of speech and Tony doubted that had changed with his years in the Navy. Probably the wife, then, though why she wanted to pass it off as a letter from her husband was anyone’s guess.
Yinsen gave him a narrow-eyed stare. "I don't suppose this would have anything to do with Lieutenant Barnes?"
"You gave me a heart attack," he said as Sousa approached him, leaning heavily on his cane. "I'm too young and pretty to die like that."
Hm. Tony considered Parker's honest, righteous outrage. A good-hearted kid who didn't know the meaning of subtlety. Tony could feel the weight of that little journal in his breast pocket. He could use someone like Mr. Parker in his corner. A little back-up from a place no thief would think to look.
"Not yet, Miss Carter." Tony hoped his voice sounded light instead of strained. He'd lost the ability to tell.
Rhodey kept him close, holding him by the elbows and examining him up and down. "Look at you, all grown up. Never thought I'd see the day."
It wasn't until nightfall that Tony was finally, blessedly alone. In the darkness of his room, in the comfort of his bed, he allowed the clenched emotions he'd kept locked down to release at last and bitter tears swelled up in his eyes despite his better judgment. He swiped angrily at them and pressed his wet, hot face into a pillow. His despair and fury were almost too much for his body to contain - he wanted to scream them out, to hurt or smash something, wail like a toddler. He gritted his teeth against the overwhelming wave of them and eventually he relaxed, the worst of their potency dimmed.
Barnes finally looked at Tony, his cheek still cradled in his wife's palm. His expression was chilly despite the tender gesture between them.
He jumped and the book thumped to the ground. He collected it with a curse and turned to find Mrs. Barnes watching him from the door, faint amusement on her pale, beautiful face.
“Ah, that.” Fury examined her. “Well, you seem accomplished enough even without that school, so I would say our goal has been reached. Stark, you’ve settled in all right?”
"If you've room for one, I guess that'd better be me," he said finally with a sigh. "As brave and heroic as I am, this walk back has become too much for even me to handle."
Tears clung to Pepper’s eyelashes as she pulled away from him. That disturbed Tony almost more than anything else—the last and only time he’d ever seen Pepper cry had been during their disastrous fight six years ago.
Peggy smiled. Tony did not like that knowing glint in her dark eyes, but she did him the courtesy of not saying anything further. Instead, with a gentle pat on his arm, she too turned back to the others.
courting," she said. "I simply wish to introduce you, them being so new to the area. They've only heard stories about you, you know!"
Tony kept his distance, wary of another box to the ears, and sighed. “Mrs. Killian seems to be having a troublesome pregnancy,” he said more seriously. “With Rhodey out in London, I’m the only one she’s got, God help her. I just need someplace to stay until she’s settled and then I’ll be on my way to London.”
The letter was waiting for Tony at his door when he arrived at his apartment, several of the heavy books he’d borrowed from the library tucked under one arm, sheaves of drawing paper under his other. He paused on the threshold of the stairs, eyeing the little envelope with no small trepidation. The paper was already finer than Tony had seen in about six years, which was enough to set alarm bells ringing. But it was really the brilliant red ostentatious griffin seal that made his heart drop all the way to his toes. He’d grown up seeing that seal on cutlery, tapestries, and every bit of available flat space which could hold it.
Tony couldn't talk about that. "Do you remember when they went to sea for the first time? We were all about eleven."
Tony's stomach twisted. He'd spent too many years looking away, he thought as growing, icy dread began to crawl down his throat. He hadn't wanted to have anything to do with his father and he'd been content to bury himself in his work at Cambridge. He wanted to say it couldn't be true but the sad thing was that he just had no idea; it wasn't like he'd ever spent enough time with Howard Stark to really know his character. And hadn't he thought it odd that Howard would lend out Stark Manor?
"You loved him," Pepper said, less outwardly gobsmacked. She settled her hands on the swell of her belly, frowning up at Tony. "You still love him."
Tony sat down on the bed by her elbow, taking her hand in his. “Cry? Don’t be absurd, Stark men don’t do anything as plebian as
Tony stiffened. In his excitement, he'd completely forgotten the others were still with him. He tried to turn, pull away from Rhodey, suddenly embarrassed by the puppyish enthusiasm, but Rhodey pulled him in instead, slinging an arm over Tony's shoulder and tucking him into Rhodey's warm side just like he always had when they were children.
He saluted her solemnly to get another laugh as he left. As he turned to escape, he caught a glimpse of Captain Rogers' face out of the corner of his eye. Icy eyes, stoic expression; he could have been a very lifelike statue watching Tony leave. Tony didn't flinch from years of long practice, but only just. Why, he wondered as he trudged up the stairs, did it feel so much worse to have Captain Rogers' cold indifference instead of his fury?
It wasn't long before the shadow of Shield Hall appeared in the distance and they pulled out of the protection of the trees. The lights were all out in the windows; doubtless, most of the household had gone to sleep before Tony had decided to go out. He sighed a little as they pulled up to the stables. Fury was not going to be happy with him tomorrow. Maybe he could downplay things a little bit or even hide the situation entirely. The last thing he wanted was a lecture.
"You know I think I spent half my childhood in here?" He moved away from her to the opposite side of the room, where the row of bookcases were interrupted by a door. A storage closet, Tony remembered. It had always smelled like the lemon polish Jarvis liked to use on the wooden floors. "Maybe more. Strange the things you forget when you get older, isn't it?"
“If it’s that bad, I’m glad they’ve decided to take on the Manor,” he said. “It will be comfortable for them. And Barnes always did love that master bedroom.”
Tony's bitterness reared its head. Once upon a time, he would never have suspected Captain Rogers or even Barnes of using any of his vulnerabilities against him. He wished he could still believe that they would have his best interests at heart.
"I was friends with everyone in this area," Tony said, a little uncomfortable with the way Sousa looked at him. "You know how it is with children that age."
“Politeness towards staff is a sign of good character,” Jarvis said. “But you are not simply polite, Master Stark—you are
The walk, at least, was pleasant. The heat of the sun soaked through Tony's clothes and the crisp breeze carried the smell of wildflowers and growing, green things with it. They made their way through the meadow of grass in front of Shield Hall to the road that led into the forest, forking toward town and following the river only about a half-mile in.
one of the things i knew going into this project was that tony's reasons for saying no to steve were going to be different than anne in the original persuasion - he and anne are so different personality-wise there was no way i could keep that the same and keep tony at least somewhat in-character. as for the robbers - some of y'all can probably guess the situation, but that's a thread that will unravel further on in this story. i do promise that it does tie in to the overall persuasion arc we've got going, but much like the failed proposal background, i added them in to make the story a little more tailored to steve and tony's specific dynamic & personalities.
“I see,” Coulson said. It was difficult to tell with his stern face, but he seemed disappointed. “I’ll convey your regards, then.”
Pepper lay on the floor of her bedroom, still in her night shift. She was breathing heavily, eyes screwed tight as she grimaced. Tony reached for her clenched hands, taking them tightly in her own.
He pulled away. Tony was free. He could have turned and demanded to know exactly what the Captain meant, asked him to explain himself and his odd questions. He could have chased that thread, forced a confrontation that would air out everything between them.
Tony nearly clapped as his stomach dropped with sheer relief. He had never really believed in God, but if this turned out to be an actual emergency that would get him out of this dinner, he might have to actually care about going to church again. He hurried after the butler and his eyebrows went up. He had half-expected Dr. Yinsen, as the only person in town Tony knew, but it was a stranger standing there, wringing a hat in his hands and looking around with his eyes eating up his face.
Tony's scowl deepened. What a devious woman, he thought with begrudging respect. How she'd known that Tony would hide away his injuries was anyone's guess, but she'd selected a practical method of preventing him from doing so and making herself look even more compassionate in Bella's eyes.
It was a little odd to hear Mrs. Barnes list out this wifely fretting in her soft monotone. Tony would think she was putting on a show if he hadn't seen her with Barnes that night. Mrs. Barnes might fake a lot of things, but she hadn't faked that.
Tony's mouth dropped open, pure outrage overtaking any awkward feelings he might have had around Barnes after their recent encounter.
"I can drive him or you can," she told her husband without a hint of regret at further hurting a wounded man. "Which would you prefer?"
Tony was heading upstairs with dread curling in his stomach, just about to get himself presentable for the dinner, when Fury's old butler stopped him, face stern.
Captain Rogers recoiled as Tony had known he would. But he still soldiered on, squaring his shoulders and taking another step forward. He loomed over Tony now, almost as close as he had been when he'd lifted Tony onto the carriage last week. Tony took shallow breaths and kept his expression forcibly casual.
Tony didn’t remember making it to his room—one second he was on the stairs, hearing the name James Barnes for the first time in six years and the next he was sinking onto his bed, struggling to breathe. He gasped on every inhale, chest tightening to the point of pain. His mind was white noise, full of everything and nothing, pulsating with panic.
"Well," he said. "I guess I should." He cleared his throat. "That is, I'm sure you'd like your privacy. I'll go. Pepper will be expecting me."
Decided, he nodded to himself and increased his pace, changing direction slightly. He deliberately forced himself to think only of the next step forward and not of Pepper, still in pain and waiting for him.
"What on earth's gotten into Captain Rogers?" she wondered aloud. She turned back and surveyed them. For some reason, when she looked at Tony, her stern expression lightened into something closer to amusement. "Hm," she said. "Perhaps it doesn't matter. Shall we all go inside, then?"
Tony smiled; he couldn't help himself. He saw Fury shake his head out of the corner of his eyes, but he didn't pay him any real attention, not when he had someone who was actually interested in learning about machinery. He had only met a few people - man or woman - who really cared to learn about it and he was always attuned to any sign of interest, anything that would let him talk at length about his favorite subject. Peggy blinked, obviously taken aback by his enthusiasm, so Tony tried to reign it in a little.
Tony made a little disbelieving sound. "It's a child's toy, Captain. It was fun enough at the time, but it's nothing I need now."
"Lord Stark." God, it really was clear how relaxed he'd been talking to Mrs. Barnes versus how uncomfortable he was talking to Tony. "I didn't see you."
Tony's breakfast sat unhappily in his stomach. He carefully drank some more coffee, but it didn't help the sudden nausea.
“It’s all rather thrilling,” Peggy said. She had seemed stately before, a woman grown, but now, with her cheeks flushed and her eyes alight, she looked more like the girl she was. She really was quite stunning, Tony thought. “It’s said he grew up in this area, or that’s what everyone in town has been talking about. That’s why I wanted to ask you, Lord Stark—is it possible that you are acquainted with Captain Rogers?”
Obie had managed to convince Howard of the merits just barely. Perhaps his father would have sent letter after letter heckling Tony to return, reminding Tony of his proper future, if Tony’s mother hadn’t died from a sudden illness only six months after he’d left home.
A man came around the corner. He wasn’t Dr. Falcombe, who had been in his late eighties the last time Tony had seen him—no, this man was much younger and slimmer, dressed in a tidy if patchwork suit, with slicked back dark hair and tiny spectacles clinging to the tip of his nose. His eyebrows rose when he saw Tony.
Bella laughed. "Don't be absurd," she said. "Our bet about which of our lovely nieces will get proposed to first!"
He managed to keep up a stream of chatter for the better part of a half-hour. Most of it was shop-talk; it wasn't like he had a personal life nowadays. He carefully skirted his feelings about Captain Rogers and their falling out.
But it would be worse to have come and gone without even trying to speak to her. He took a deep breath and knocked on the door.
above it. The captain was saying something, but the letters are all jumbled together and make no sense. Tony had guessed then, and had it confirmed, that it was Steve’s best guess at the spelling for the Chinese word for hello.
Yinsen looked like he was already regretting lending Tony his books but he didn't try to take them back. "If that's all?"
"Stark Manor is right around the corner. We have carriages. You should know that, it used to be your home."
Better lighten the mood. He didn't mind people knowing he was a genius but exposing the depth of his own feelings -about anything - was highly uncomfortable. He probably wouldn't have said a word if Sousa hadn't challenged him on a subject he felt so strongly about.
"He's been devoted to Pepper, though," Peggy continued thoughtfully. Tony wondered if she noticed any reaction from Captain Rogers - she was perceptive. But her voice was light and airy and he couldn't see her face, so he couldn't tell. "He's been going to see her every day. Oh, I'm so sorry - do you know Pepper? I mean, Mrs. Killian?"
Jarvis cleared his throat. “As you were,” he told the servants and they dispersed with some covert glancing. Tony sent an amused side-eye toward Jarvis.
She wasn't at all what he'd expected from Barnes' wife. And why was she out in the forest by herself after dark?
Parker stuck out his tongue. He realized what he'd done only after doing it - he flushed again, snapped out a salute, looked even more embarrassed doing that, and hurriedly scampered away. Tony had the decency to wait to laugh until the kid disappeared from view.
"Well," he said to the headstone. "It's been a while, but not much's changed. I never did grow those last few inches you insisted I would and my hair is as wild as ever." He thought. What else would she like to know? "I'm doing well at Cambridge. Top grades of my year. Beat out that little pissant Justin Hammer - you'd have hated him, he's got that weaselly look. If he's not in the papers for murdering his wife in cold blood, I'll throw away my fortune and live on the streets. But that's not—" He sighed and leaned back, resting his weight on his hands. He normally didn't have much trouble finding things to say. "One of my professors is very interested in the new kind of steam engine I'm working on, but there's a lot of work to be done on the design. I'm having some trouble with the rotating pistons—"
She took Goose's reigns and calmed him with a few softly spoken words. Without letting go of Tony's arm, she began to frog march him down the path toward Stark Manor.
"Sure." Captain Rogers' eyes darted down Tony's leg. "Did Dr. Yinsen clear you for longer walks already?"
Despite the warnings from Yinsen, Fury, Bella, and practically everyone in Shield Hall (including a disgruntled Harley, who threatened to sit on him in punishment) Tony went into town only two days after his fall. He took a carriage most of the way, stopping to check on Mrs. Keener. She looked much better than she had even the previous week. It wouldn't be long until Harley and Lucy could go home again.
Tony had wondered if his father had just forgotten he’d had a son. It had certainly felt like that during Tony’s childhood, when his parents were in London more often than not, with Tony left behind in the country house. It was only when Tony turned sixteen that his father had begun to pay him any attention, and considering how that had all turned out, Tony had been almost relieved to have lost it again.
Peggy was young and beautiful. She had a good family and a solid dowry and she was witty and kind. She would make anyone an excellent wife. Steve could choose no one better to court.
"Is this Mr. Wilson courting her?" Tony asked. He hadn't gotten the impression that Sharon was seriously considering anyone. "Or are they just friends?"
flowers." Tony's heart turned over. "We didn't know what else to do for decorations," he added to Mrs. Barnes, a little abashed.
Tony’s heart shivered. So Captain Rogers really had come and he would be at dinner tomorrow night. He handed the letter back to Bella.
," he said which was an astounding lie on any day, let alone to the person he'd run further away from than anyone else.
to summon up some propriety." He cleared his throat and in a stuffier, more proper voice, he said, "Lovely to meet you, I've only heard good things, etc. etc."
Tony would have. Not that there was ever a chance for that. For him, there never had been anyone else; the moment Steve Rogers had saved him from the back of a rampaging horse, had walked back into his life after years away golden and sheepish and intent on Tony, there was never any chance for someone else to worm their way in.
"You're thorough." Tony meant it as a compliment but Yinsen's brow crinkled. "It's a good thing, doc."
That broke the tension. Sousa laughed. "No, Lord Stark," he said. "I do believe you've made your point. The honor of mathematics is well-defended."
He could feel Mrs. Barnes glance at him as he turned quiet, but he hoped the dark hid most of his expression. She was already unnervingly prescient.
He reached out and brushed his fingers over the little charm pinned to the top of the box. He’d utterly forgotten about it. Carefully, he unsecured it and held it in his palm. It was a small leaping horse made entirely of silver metal attached to a hoop. Tony was fairly sure it was a necklace charm or something like that, but he hadn’t laughed when Captain Rogers had given it to him so many years ago.
"Hm." Yinsen didn't look like he believed Tony. "Well, I don't. Believe it, that is. At least, not about you."
That made Captain Rogers blink and some of the bristling tension sloughed off of him. He didn't relax but he did step forward into Tony's space. Tony shivered, a little too aware of the Captain's warmth and breadth. He wished he'd rolled down his sleeves or put on his boots again. He was too damned vulnerable with so many of his layers missing.
He realized too late that he'd said it to Captain Rogers, and in such a casual aside that it edged into the territory of familiarity. He slouched, trying to look like he'd meant to do it. Captain Rogers, straight-backed and tall, tilted his head, something around his eyes softening just a little.
Falling out? Could something that had ruined Tony so grievously, had left him shattered so completely, be summed up in such flimsy words? Tony almost laughed at the thought. But Jarvis, like everyone else, was not privy to the details. No one knew them entirely outside of Tony and Captain Rogers himself and Tony was determined it would stay that way. His pain was his own, not to be shared or gawked at or whispered about, even amongst the people he considered his friends.
Pepper, still humongous and obviously feeling some emotional strain about waiting for the birth, burst into tears when she saw them standing on her doorstep. It put a little damper on the stern talking-to Rhodey had planned to give her and Tony watched, leaning against the kitchen door, as Rhodey hovered over Pepper and tried to comfort her and scold her at the same time.
Nothing else. Tony didn't let his unease show; it was strange for Barnes, who Tony remembered as a chatty, outgoing little wise-cracker, to be so close-mouthed. He'd half-expected a tongue-lashing for how things had gone with Captain Rogers; Barnes was his closest friend next to Tony and doubtless they'd only grown closer during their time in the Navy. But perhaps Barnes had changed in more ways than just his appearance. War could shake even the firmest of characters, let alone a deadly injury. Tony couldn't stop from checking Barnes' left side - the arm really was gone. The sleeve of his shirt was pinned neatly away.
Eventually, even he ran out of things to talk about. When he fell silent, voice a little hoarse for the effort, he felt surprisingly lighter. He hadn't expected to feel any relief at talking to thin air. Maybe Bruce had been on to something - Tony had always dismissed his talk  at university about feeling catharsis from speaking to dead loved ones as nothing more then trite spiritualism. He'd have to send a letter to let him know he might have changed his mind; Bruce had always enjoyed making Tony admit he was wrong, not that he'd ever say so.
"Steam engines are the future of travel," he said. "I'd wager we'll all be traveling on trains powered by them within the next ten years, if not sooner."
?" Harley tried to get himself to stop crying, his voice fierce and furious. He scrubbed his face, scowling. "You're just some lord I've never met. Why do you care if he takes my hand?"
Of course not, Tony wanted to tell him. Even though it hurt, even though he knew it would never change anything between them, there was always going to be a part of him that desperately wanted to be around Captain Rogers. But Barnes would just go and tell him that and the last thing Tony wanted to reveal just how deeply he'd taken the blow of their fractured relationship. Better if Captain Rogers thought he was also indifferent than to show any weaknesses that might be used against him.
"I saw him here and there during the war," Sousa said at last. "I was shocked. He'd changed so much - not just in body, but in soul. In many ways, he wasn't the man I'd watched grow up. He smiled less, shared less. War changes every man but I could hardly account for how much it had shaped him. Even when we were on leave, he never spoke of home, not anymore. Not to me. Not to anyone." Sousa's mouth thinned. "Despite his success, he was the unhappiest man I saw during the war. And that's not a title I give lightly."
Tony's stomach contracted so sharply he almost gasped. He clenched his hands on the straps of the worn little suitcases that Harley and Lucy had packed with their clothes and toys.
Pepper and Rhodey exchanged one of their speaking looks, the kind they'd developed to say things about Tony that Tony couldn't understand. Tony scowled at them.
“Pleasure to meet you all,” he said, adding in a wink and delighting in the way it made both of the young ladies blush. “I promise I won’t get in your way
She grabbed his finger and then his whole hand. For a long moment, she searched his face, squeezing his hand. Then, finally, she sighed and released him.
Barnes snorted a little. "You have no idea," he said and, for the first time, sounded like the boy Tony had once tromped around the woods and pulled up petunias with. Barnes' face was still chilly and distant, though, and he didn't return Tony's awkward smile. "He's a grown man. He can drive himself."
It would take too long to return to the manor for a horse—the town, and the town’s doctor, was in the opposite direction. Tony ran his hand through his hair, considering. Baronet Fury’s mansion was on the way—if he stopped in to borrow a horse from him, that wouldn’t delay him too badly, and it would be faster than running the entire two miles.
It was early still, the sun barely peeking over the trees. Tony had not slept at all through the night and had waited until first light to leave his room, as it seemed more respectable than skulking about at night and alerting the servants to his insomnia. Tony passed one of the new housemaids in the halls; she dipped into a nervous curtsey and hurried on her way without looking him in the eyes. Tony wasn’t sure why all the new staff seemed to be afraid of him; he did his best to reassure their nerves with kindness and smiles, but it didn't seem to help.
Eventually, he gave up trying to fight it. He made his way soundlessly down the stairs, slipping past the butler with a nod, to the stables. There were plenty of horses tied up inside their stalls, nickering softly as Tony passed them, but he made his way directly for Goose. He needed speed.
Tony blinked, taken aback. He'd expected questions about his relationship to Captain Rogers; surely Barnes had told his wife what had happened between them when they'd decided to stay in the manor. Or perhaps he hadn't? But he had no idea why she'd be interested enough to ask about renting the manor more than once. Shouldn't Coulson have already informed them about that?
"The more the merrier, really," Peggy said. "I'm sure Mr. Wilson would love to meet you both. He fought in the war as well, in the army."
Tony closed his mouth with a sharp click. He, like the rest of the table, looked at Captain Rogers. Captain Rogers flushed under the weight of everyone's surprise.
wouldn’t be far behind. If he arrived before Pepper’s baby was due, they were bound to run into each other, perhaps even be forced to socialize. Could Tony stay, knowing that awaited him?
Tony sighed as the carriage came to a stop. He got out and helped down Peggy and Sharon while Fury attended to Bella. The girls chattered together excitedly. Tony hung back as the others led the way up the drive. It was a little strange to be coming up the drive as a guest.
He walked through all the rooms on the third floor, and all the rooms on the second. Many of them had been opened up, sheets put away and furniture arranged. Yesterday had been a frenzy of dusting, according to Jarvis, though Tony had been away for much of the morning and afternoon. The rooms all gleamed, the furniture looking new and untouched. Bucky shouldn’t have any complaints.
Oh, Lord. Tony had never breathed a word about what he'd gotten up to in that smithy to Captain Rogers; he'd been embarrassed at the time and later it hadn't felt necessary.
“Dr. Yinsen said you had to ask Sir Fury for a horse into town,” she said. “Tell me true—did he make you cry?”
Tony made a low sound in his throat. He didn't think it sounded pleasant, but Bella clearly took it as an agreement and she chatted on about the prospect of a summer wedding for the rest of the ride home.
him, Tony. He's being so distant with you because you lashed out at him and he thinks you—I don't know, toyed with his affections! He doesn't think you care for him at all and that you didn't back then either. He deserves to know that's not true!"
“You need someone to stay with you,” he said, proving how good he was with strategy by the slick change  in conversation.
"Don't go filling their heads with ideas, Stark," Fury said. "Not when we both know you're promised elsewhere."
Pepper smile at him, a little wry and sad. “Tony. The only person he wanted to see when he came back was you.”
Silence reigned. Tony breathed slowly in and out through his mouth, resisting the urge to throw up. Laying this old wound bare made him sick. He'd nursed it and hidden it for so long to reveal it felt almost taboo, even to the people dearest to him in the world.
And yet, how was it, Tony thought a little hopelessly, a name still had so much power over him after six years? How was it just the mere thought could be enough to reduce him to this quivering wreck? How long would it take for Tony to face his memory with indifference?
Pepper and Captain Rogers had once had a three-day-long argument about the outcome of a cricket match; they had always been the ones who'd actually liked the nasty teas Jarvis used to force on all of them; Captain Rogers had gotten into more than one fight with a town boy who had pulled on Pepper's braid and called her a nasty name. Strange how a friendship like that could be swept away by time.
Tony knew Yinsen was waiting for him to leave but he lingered. After a couple of awkward minutes of Tony trying to pretend he was examining the books on the nearby bookshelf and Yinsen nearly tapping his foot waiting, he heard a sigh.
"I'll really come." Tony patted Peter on the shoulder and contained his own frown at how thin it was. "I doubt the magistrate will listen to me, but I can at least throw some jargon around and see if it will get this boy released."
Sharon didn’t seem to be aware of that silent exchange, but both Bella and Peggy looked bemused. Tony offered them a tight smile.
Tony feigned being stabbed in the heart. "I give you my time and my devotion and this is how you repay me? With betrayal?"
"I'd bow, but I think I might fall over," he said, trying to regain his equilibrium. "But I think I can
Yinsen seemed as surprised by the strength of his voice as Tony was. They stared at each other. Yinsen's sharp features softened just a little.
He strode away without another word. Obviously bewildered, Sousa offered a longer goodbye and hurried after him, struggling to catch up to his speed. Peggy frowned after them, hands on her hips.
"You could write me your own letter telling me that you don't believe there's anything to worry about. Then you would be following in your father's footsteps."
It wasn’t a large box. He’d bought it in town when he was fifteen, from the local antique store. It was a beautiful little thing, made of rosewood with tiny starburst inlays along the hinges. Tony had wanted it immediately. When he’d brought it home, he’d dithered for weeks on what to put in it—it was too large to keep odds and ends, too small to house any clothes or knick-knacks.
Pepper managed to get close enough to smack his head. He pouted at her and she rolled her eyes, turning away with a mutter that sounded suspiciously like a wish for Rhodey to be there. More the fool her—Rhodey had never managed to get Tony to behave either.
Peggy, seated near Captain Rogers at the head of the table, seemed enthralled. Whenever enthusiasm for Navy stories flagged, she encouraged another one and the Captain and his friends were happy to oblige her. Tony found it difficult to look at her sparkling eyes focused on Captain Rogers and the way he seemed to straighten under her adoring attention. He focused on Sousa instead.
That made her relax and laugh. She examined him one more time and then turned back to the men. Peggy lingered for a moment.
“I’m not sure,” Tony said. “She was bleeding, but she couldn’t tell me what caused it. Half-hour ago—I came as soon as I found her by horse.”
Dr. Yinsen had clearly been bemused to see Tony again so quickly and in such company, but he promised readily enough to check in on Mrs. Keener. Fury, on the other hand, was not pleased when Tony finally returned to the Hall in the carriage with two children in tow. He was waiting on the steps of Shield Hall as they pulled in, arms crossed over his chest and a deep scowl on his face.
Peggy’s eyes danced with laughter. “That finishing school you tried to send me to insisted that it’s bad manners to ignore someone just because your uncle doesn’t like him.”
As they passed Captain Rogers, he didn't offer a hello and Tony ducked his head instead of meeting his eyes. He could feel the stare on the back of his neck as they entered the house, but he refused to look back.
"I don't think that will fit either," Mrs. Barnes said, nodding at the little helmet. "Which color were you?"
"You know, I think you have the greatest talent for self-misery I have ever seen in a person, Tony."
“What—?” He gaped at her. “I know we didn’t part the best of friends, but surely you could have mentioned you were with child! Damn Rhodey, why didn’t he say anything?”
He wrapped his arms around his waist, trying to anchor himself. "What was I supposed to say, Pep? Don't mind me, I just broke the heart of the only person I've ever loved?"
Tony turned to the door. “Mr. Coulson said they’ll be moving in the day after tomorrow. Better get a move on, lots to do.”
"I've been most interested in the flora in the area," she told Sousa, stepping forward and releasing her hold on Captain Rogers' arm. "Perhaps you could tell me a little about it as we walk?"
"Ouch," he managed to get out, the word so breathless and surprised it hardly encompassed the throb that had taken up root all along his side and back. He was sure to have a nasty bruise there tomorrow. "
He looked at Pepper. She was so wan and thin. She had wrinkles at the corners of her eyes now. Tony’s heart contracted. She really did have no one except him and Rhodey. If he left, she’d be entirely on her own—not just for the last few weeks of pregnancy, but when the baby was born, too. He couldn’t do that to her. Not after breaking her heart six years ago, leaving her in a puddle of tears in the Stark Manor’s library like some heartless cad. He couldn’t do it—not even if it meant facing the cause of his own heartbreak for the first time in six years.
"Good morning," Captain Rogers said to Peggy. He didn't look at Tony. "Natasha sent us to see if you'd be interested in tea at the manor, but it sounds like you're already planning a visit elsewhere."
She didn't look like she believed him. "I remember your little gang. I don't think I ever saw you go anywhere without Captain Rogers right at your elbow."
"It depends." Tony figured any close friends of Sharon and Peggy were probably good people, but he wasn't sure how much Pepper wanted other people to know. "Sir Fury's been kind to let me stay at his manor, but who knows when that kindness will run out?"
Goose went with him willingly enough, lipping at Tony's hair and making inquiring noises as they went out of the back of the stables into the night. The full moon provided enough light to see by and a chill had settled in despite the warmth of the afternoon. Tony ignored his shivering as he situated himself on Goose's back, patting the horse's neck and soothing him a little. Goose settled under his hands without a fuss, ears pricked and alert. Tony took a deep breath. With a gentle kick, he directed Goose for the woods.
“It reminded me of you,” he’d said with one of those bashful smiles. “It looks a bit like Jericho, doesn’t it?”
Fury's scowl deepened. "I just think she's a little too interested in us," he grumbled. "She asked a lot of questions about you especially, Stark."
Tony didn’t let the affect that name had on him show. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Fury watching him. Fury, unlike Peggy, had been around for much of Tony’s childhood. Their group had never spent much time near the Fury mansion unless they wanted to steal something from the gardens, but doubtless gossip had provided many tales of their exploits. Tony didn’t think anyone knew the full extent of Tony and Captain Roger’s relationship, but he wouldn’t put it past someone to have figured
Sharon whirled toward him and took both of his hands in hers. She was younger than Peggy by a year and far less reserved—she was already dimpling with a bright smile.
Tony didn't even have a chance to thank him before the Captain turned away. Tony stared at his tense back as Sharon and Peggy surrounded him, asking anxious questions about his state of health.
"It'll be fine," he said flippantly. They'd adapt, anyway. "Fury's not that bad. And we can always prank him if he gets too intolerable. That makes him
"Thank you." Peggy sounded a little breathless. After a pause, she added, a little uncertainly, "But do you really believe that Lord Stark isn't the type to marry?"
"We'll take our leave." They all turned to look at Captain Rogers at that. Peggy and Sousa were frowning and Tony could see why - the Captain had said it so abruptly it came out pained. "Good night."
"You're being dramatic," Pepper told him when he voiced this thought to her at the end of the week, unable to keep it to himself anymore. "You've never been a cat person, anyway."
"No complaints," she said. "James is recovering well here, I think." He felt her eyes on him but he kept his attention on the books, restlessly prowling up and down the shelves and pulling ones out at random. "How is Mrs. Killian?"
"I am not going to say a word to him." Tony pointed a fierce finger at her. "And neither are either of you. It's for the best. We wouldn't have worked out."
Tony offered Sharon a flirty smile, silently cursing Fury in his head. "Definitely not engaged," he said. Sharon deflated. "I wouldn't do that to anyone, not when they couldn't really compete with my
Tony was surprised to be asked about it at all. "Yes," he said, cautious. "The pain's mostly gone. It's just annoying now. Everyone's trying to get me to stay in bed."
The inside of the clinic was small but bright, clean and tidy and smelling of herbs. Tony paused in the threshold.
is Euler's number, a mathematical constant, while i is an imaginary number. I'm sure you recognize the quaint pi and, of course, 1 is 1 and 0 is 0."
"Ouch!" Tony tried to shrink away from the hands poking at the bruise on his side, but it didn't do him any good. Bella scowled down at him, relentless and without mercy. "God, woman, can't you be a little gentler?"
Tony bit the inside of his cheek and viciously reminded himself that the Captain's disdain was something he had cultivated six years ago.
asked him not—” Tony stopped. His heart squeezed and he felt like the smallest man alive. “You really hate me that much?” he asked quietly.
“I’ll stay,” he said. The words were difficult to force out of his throat. He cleared it. “I’ll stay,” he said, and they came more easily this time. “Until the baby’s born, at least, and maybe a few weeks after.”
It wasn’t written by Barnes, Tony could tell that at once. Barnes had always had nearly illegible chicken scratch. This letter was full of elegant penmanship, clear and beautiful. Tony skimmed the introductions, the initial offer to dinner, until he came upon the paragraph that mentioned him.
Tony's smile felt odd and waxen. "I was getting a bit of alone time," he said. "As charming as I am, everyone wants a piece of me - frankly, it's exhausting. But I'm all better now, so I'll leave you two—"
He turned. Captain Rogers was in the doorway. Tony's voice died in his throat with a strangled sound and he involuntarily took a step back, bumping into the table. Captain Rogers' face flickered but it was impossible to tell what he was thinking. God, Tony thought, that smooth mask really did hurt. He thought he knew why now. Once, Tony had been able to read Captain Rogers' expression from the tiniest of hints. To have that intimacy stripped away just drove home what a precious gift he'd lost. At least anger would have been
When he was a child, Tony had thought there was no grander place in all the world. The manor had been his own personal kingdom, a never-ending playground. He’d known every nook and cranny of it and the surrounding grounds, the bustling town down the river, the thick, dreamy woods that separated their property from Baronet Fury, their closest neighbor. He’d known every tree stump and field and cow. While his parents preferred the London townhouse, Tony had loved Stark Manor with all of his heart.
"Without any issues," he confirmed. He offered her a rakish smile. "You've even more ravishing in candlelight than moonlight, Mrs. Barnes. Are you sure you don't want to trade up for an earl?"
and you're not even paying attention to what I'm saying." Harley stared over Tony's shoulder. "What are you looking at you little
She knew. She had to. Why else would she zero in so quickly on what Tony was most afraid of? Either Barnes or Captain Rogers had told her. Or she had amazing intuition.
They turned another corner and, reminding Tony that if God did exist he had a horrific sense of humor, almost ran into Peggy and Captain Rogers. For a moment, everyone was so startled they stared at each other in silence. Peggy had her hand on Captain Rogers' broad forearm, tucked in close to his side. Tony gritted his teeth against the swoop in his stomach. If Captain Rogers was finally happy and stable again, he reminded himself savagely, it didn't matter who had caused it.
Tony paused in the middle of turning away. The words were what they should be but something about Captain Rogers' tone made the simple inquiry about a mutual acquaintance feel barbed, somehow.
"Lord Stark." Yinsen crossed his arms over his chest, mouth thinning. "Is there a point you're trying to make?"
Much of the manor was already sealed up, white sheets out and all the furniture put aside. The servants' main job was to keep the place up and be prepared in case Earl Stark decided to make a visit. Tony wondered how they'd occupied their time otherwise these past several years. He knew his father had not visited this house either since his mother's death.
“So let me get this straight.” Sir Fury crossed his arms over his chest, eyebrows high on his forehead. Between his bulk and the black eyepatch he perpetually wore, he always looked intimidating. However, there was the tiniest twitch at the corner of his mouth undermined that a little at the moment. “You want to come stay with me at my manor, which you made a point to never step foot in despite living only three miles away for eighteen years?”
Time lost meaning in the middle of the project. Tony got so engrossed in nitpicking the way a certain cog would sit and trying to figure out a way to increase pressure without compromising space that he wasn't really surprised to look up and find the light outside darkening without any sense of the hours passing - he was, however, surprised to see Harley tucked into one of the dining room chairs, watching him avidly.
"I know I can, kid," he said. He hesitated, then said, "These people—they're dangerous, Mr. Parker. Look after yourself, do you understand?"
"Oh, but you didn't say what you found in the closet." Tony didn't trust Mrs. Barnes' sweet, girlish tone for a second. He didn't think Captain Rogers did either from the quick, furrowed look he gave her. "Lord Stark seemed surprised to find it. I'm quite curious now."
because I did do some basic research, please listen to my infodump: trevithick is one of the early inventors of the steam powered vehicles in Britain - probably most famous for the catch me who can train built in 1808. persuasion is set around this time but I'm giving tony a lot of the ideas and improvements that were made on steam engines much later in the 1800s. also automobiles were largely useless at this time but they WERE something that existed. i like the idea of tony designing faster cars - he's got to get that collection somehow.
The mindless fury of the action helped a little. He breathed against the heavy brocade pillowcase for several long minutes and forcibly convinced his eyes that they were
"It means that if there's a sad little stray around to pick up, you somehow inevitably sniff it out and adopt it, Stark. You're a soft touch. You always have been."
"They caught a thief in town today, sir," the boy said. His expression, once nervous, firmed into something more formidable. "After all the robbers and everything, everyone's been really keen to catch thieves."
Sharon's expression remained sweet and easy, despite her cross flush, but Peggy tensed. Tony glanced at her, surprised to see that most of the mischief had fled from her expression.
Tony smiled a little. This was why he was here, he reminded himself. And the sooner he got this little piece of business squared away, the sooner he could convince Howard to let him return to Cambridge.
“I’m so terribly sorry, Dr. Yinsen,” she said. “It’s only, Tony—excuse me, Lord Stark and I were having a… conversation—”
, Pep. I couldn’t hate it.” He sighed. “I’m just tired of knocking over ant hills every time I turn around. Cambridge doesn’t have so many blasted ghosts.”
Tony frowned. "Well." He shrugged, uncomfortable with the odd way Captain Rogers was saying all of these innocuous things. "She just puts up with me, really. I think she's keeps inventing things for me to fix just to keep me out of her hair." She'd insisted he work on her thermometer the other day.
"No." Tony held up his hands. "No, no, no. We're not going to talk about Captain Rogers. Hell, let's not talk about the past at all. Let's get some drinks and relax and celebrate Pepper's impending lack of sleep when her baby finally decides it's time to enter the world. Okay?"
Barnes swung around to look at Tony, a concentrated head-to-toe inspection that made Tony want to squirm. What? Tony straightened under the attention, then forced himself to slouch, ignoring the pull on his bruise.
Oh, he was one of those. Tony had met more than one person at Cambridge who expected him to be useless because his father happened to be nobility. Tony supposed he couldn't really blame them; he'd met more than one member of the peerage who fit that stereotype.
Sharon laughed but Peggy looked thoughtful. "She wanted to know why you were renting out manor," she said. "I didn't think it was odd at the time, but she did ask a few times about it."
Sharon colored. "That's not true!" she said. "Mr. Wilson was just kind enough to recommend some books to me, that's all. He knows a great deal of poetry," she added to Tony. "He's very learned! They both are, really."
Captain Rogers' hands clenched and unclenched. "I don't see why you'd lower yourself to visit a peasant's grave, Lord Stark," he said, all ice. "You've made your feelings about our differences
“Oh, that’s right! You’ve been away for so long, I’d quite forgotten you grew up in this area.” Peggy’s eyes began to sparkle. “I’m so sorry if this is rude, but does that mean—I mean, you don’t have to answer if you don’t want, but—”
"Perhaps they'll get married now," Peggy said. She sounded thoughtful, a little pleased. "He's been so good to her and her baby. Don't you agree?"
"You can call me Tony, kid," he said. "And It's nothing. Sorry, just—a little tired. Old men like me have early bed-times, you know."
Tony woke to the taste of death in his mouth and Rhodey pulling urgently at his shoulder. "Tones. Tony!"
Tony would have been more defensive if she had sounded condescending or even concerned. But she pointed out each detail without any emotion, just plain facts. It made it difficult to refuse her.
"It's nothing," Tony said, already knowing he was fighting a losing battle. "Just some childhood knick-knacks. Worthless, really."
He tapped the paper. "Well, mathematics is the same. Here, look—" He pointed to each aspect as he explained, using the visual aid to make his point. "See the five mathematical constants - 1, 0, pi and e, both irrational numbers, and i, the square root of -1, the fundamental imaginary number."
haven't seen anyone there and I'm there a lot. They stole from Mr. Sitwell last month after he sold all those dresses to some ladies traveling through the area - it was more money than he'd had in three years, he said."
Tony smiled at her and her mouth ticked up just a hint. "Poetry gets its beauty from all of these things," he said. "Composition, image, word choice and, yes, even rhythm." He grinned as Dugan pointed a triumphant finger at Farnsworth. "How a poet uses all of those things together, that's what makes it beautiful - to those of us who give a damn about it, anyway."
Tony froze, a little startled by the size of the group. While the invitation had mentioned there would be others there, he hadn't know it would be this large a party. Fury, sequestered near the door, clapped him on the shoulder.
"I plan to take in Mr. Keener and his younger sister as wards at Shield Hall," Tony said. Harley inhaled, quick and hard through the nose at the mention of his sister. Tony didn't look at him. "And I will be paying for the services of Dr. Yinsen to look after their mother until she has fully recovered." He raised his eyebrows as Toomes' mouth opened and closed in silent outrage. "Do you have a problem with that?"
"Rhodey!" The great shout leaped out of Tony unbidden. He let go of Peggy's arm and began to run, uncaring of his ankle or the dust kicking up around his legs. "Am I dreaming? Rhodey!"
"All right, all right," Tony said gruffly. "Put a lid on the hysterics, will you? Wait until I've actually done something, then you can thank me."
"You'd be surprised. We went to see doctors. All of them suggested the same thing - rest, plenty of exercise, and peace. Most of all, they suggested peace." She sighed. "That is part of why we came back here. To try and help recover his memories."
Captain Rogers visited Shield Hall frequently enough that Tony couldn't relax altogether. He'd managed to avoid being alone with him again, but he was well informed of his comings and goings by the Carter cousins and it seemed everyone in the household was set on marrying Captain Rogers off to Peggy as soon as his intentions were given.
"Admittedly, this comes from my own observations. I could be wrong about you. But I'm hoping I'm right and that I'm not mistaken asking you for help."
Tony raised his eyebrows. Captain Rogers failed to continue his thought, staring back at Tony expectantly. Christ, Tony thought.
The little doctor’s clinic was still in the same place it had sat through all of Tony’s childhood. He’d never gone to visit Dr. Falcombe that often--despite his rough-and-tumble childhood, he’d been remarkably sturdy—but Tony remembered suffering through a fever when he was nine and the spritely elderly man who gave him pills and came to check on his condition for the months that followed. He only hoped the fellow could help Pepper now.
Pepper’s look told him it was far from over, but she allowed him to distract her. “I’ve told you, Tony, there’s no one. I’ll be fine. The baby’s due soon.”
Tony sighed. He circled his room several times, trying to force himself to say it. Jarvis let him without speaking; he knew that sometimes Tony had to work himself up to things he found unpleasant, and he found nothing more unpleasant than discussing his
Dr. Yinsen's eyebrows rose. "Your family is in such desperate straights you're leasing your ancestral home, Lord Stark. And we may not be in the height of society out here, but your father's—
“Of course I’ll come,” he said. His voice was genial, but he made sure to send an ice cold stare to Fury to let him know how unhappy he was about being maneuvered. Fury tipped his head. “I wouldn’t dream of missing it.”
Ever so carefully, he edged out the first one. It was written on cheap, thin paper clearly torn from the back of a novel; the other side was covered in faded, nearly illegible type. The front, in Captain Roger’s cramped, tidy handwriting, read—
The room was dim and cool; the curtain had been pulled, but the window was open and letting in a breeze. Pepper sat in the bed. The sheets must have been changed at some point while Yinsen was in with her, for there was no sign of any blood. Pepper was pale and tight-lipped, but she smiled when Tony came in.
They both laughed at that. Tony needed to go, to hide, but he couldn't run now; in just a moment, they would turn and see him. He couldn't bear it if the first time Captain Rogers saw him in six years, he was staring like an idiot, mouth agape and trembling. So, with everything in him, he reached deep for every scrap of the mask he'd perfected over years and years being forced to entertain his parents' friends and then again at university. He pushed every vulnerability below that mask, keeping it well-hidden. He could do this. He
"You get used to it," he said. "Come on. Let's go round up your sister and drop by Dr. Yinsen for your mother. If we're quick, we can make it back in time to steal some food from Fury's kitchen."
Pepper's wine was indeed drinkable. So drinkable that Tony found himself soused in less than three glasses. Tony tried to sit up properly on the floor but everything went wobbly and his head spun.
He wagged a finger in her face. “’Didn’t I say you weren’t going to talk me out of it? I’m staying, Pepper. That’s final.”
“Well, I was close with every child my age within a ten mile radius of the house,” Tony said, hoping he sounded more casual than he felt.
Sousa whistled. "Maybe I shouldn't be surprised with all your talk about mathematics the other night. Did you really also invent a pully system for the wells to bring water up faster?"
They turned a bend in the road. Tony listened to the bird song and the whispering leaves, trying to reconcile being bragged about with the cold-eyed man Captain Rogers had become. But it had to be the truth. He'd told no one but the Captain about his plans for the handgun, as he'd taken to calling it, or the cooling machine, which he still didn't know what to name. That one was taking much longer to turn into reality - the logistics of it was something Tony wasn't sure he even
"That night." Captain Rogers' voice lowered, scraped raw. Tony couldn't stop his little shocked inhale - he hadn't expected the Captain to ever bring up their past and especially not the night where everything had broken apart. "You told me why we couldn't—why you didn't want—" Captain Rogers breathed in and out several times. "I always thought you'd say. If there was someone else."
“I see! Well, if you knew them so well, surely you must have some stories you can share. Sharon and I have been avid for their tales—no one else in the Navy seems to do anything quite so exciting as those two!’
"I remember," Captain Rogers said. He sounded odd, almost a little uncomfortable. "Down to the river, isn't it?"
Hm. "It was all very last-minute," he agreed. "I honestly didn't expect to stay for longer than a fortnight."
"Colonel," Rhodey said. His smugness was palpable. "James Rhodes. A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Sousa, Miss Carter."
Tony started to peel his egg. He kept his head down, eyes focused on his task, and hoped he looked calmer than he felt. "Oh? You had a good time, then?"
Finally, he sighed. The sun was warm and intense overhead; he took off his jacket and spread it on the ground, loosening his cravat, rolling up his sleeves, and slipping out of his accursed boots. His ankle was difficult to ignore after so much movement and standing, so he carefully lowered himself to the ground and sighed in relief as the ache eased.
At the bottom of the letter was a drawing of a tousle-haired boy wearing an oversized captain’s hat, staring doubtfully at the shoreline of a country. The shoreline had the little note
"Is that right?" he asked. "I shudder to think what kind of tall tales have been passed amidst the townsfolk in my absence."
only interested in that and not in just taking a hand from a child, then I'd think this is the best possible situation for everyone. Or am I wrong, Mr. Toomes?"
"I didn't care much at the time. I was eleven, what did I know? I just wanted them to be safe on a good ship. So I said yes."
The spell broke. Tony looked away, trying to keep his breathing even and his expression indifferent and polite. Bella's eyebrows were raised, which was never a good sign. She wasn't quite as all-knowing as her husband, but she had a nose for secrets that rivaled his. Tony hoped he wasn't blushing as he coughed a little.
this morning? "I doubt it," he said coolly. "I'm sure he expects me to disappear into the House of Lords as soon as I'm done with Cambridge."
Tony didn't back down as Toomes met his eyes. They stared at each other for several moments. Toomes clearly expected Tony to fold and he seemed more and more annoyed as Tony continued to look back at him without doing so, keeping up his pleasant smile the entire time. Eventually, he lifted his hand from Harley's shoulder.
He'd sent the children home ahead of him an hour into the whole procedure; Harley had been interested in watching Tony mess around, but Lucy had grown bored quickly and Pepper wasn't really up to babysitting fidgety children. At least she hadn't protested when Tony had introduced Harley as her new errand boy. She'd simply given him an assessing look and then started explaining some of the chores that would need doing around the house. Tony could have kissed her for her discretion; Harley had relaxed more and more as she'd kept listing out things that needed doing, clearly happy to be put to use.
"Oh, the Lieutenant didn't tell you? He fell from his horse earlier this week. Mr. Barnes escorted him back. Uncle Nick was furious with him."
Was she doing this on purpose? Tony couldn't understand why. He bit his cheek so he wouldn't ask what else Captain Rogers had told her about him or why his reading habits had come up in conversation in the first place. He reached for the storage closet instead and opened it up, expecting to find the usual array of cleaning supplies. But the closet was mostly empty except for a few odd, large shapes bundled in the corner. Tony leaned in to get a better look and his nervous tension fled, leaving only surprise.
"It's good to see you too, Mr. Parker," Tony said, deciding to give the kid a break. "Did you need something?"
this chapter gave me NO END of grief. i rewrote and rewrote it many times. i'm still not very happy with it, but if i look at any more i will cry so it's going out into the world in all of its messy glory. next chapter will hopefully be less of a pain and thus be out sooner.
Oh, she was holding those knitting needles a little too tightly. Best to do some damage control before he found himself stabbed with one.
Tony took the lance of pain that brought as gracefully as he could. "Well," he said. "So am I. So there's no need to warn me off. If he can be polite and keep his distance, so can I."
He should go. He probably should never have come, but it had been a ritual of his after Captain Rogers had left to begin his adventure in the Navy. Every year he'd made the trip down to the cemetery to spend time with the kind woman who had taken in a wild, annoying lordling and given him some idea of what it would feel like to have an actual mother. At Cambridge, he'd tried to bury the rising guilt over not visiting but it had been impossible to ignore the longer he stayed away. It had been a relief to be able to do it this year, a silver lining in his wretched choice to stay and face the demons of his past.
"Oh, late Tuesday night, I think? He was riding in the dark, silly thing." Peggy laughed again. "He is a delight, but he's rather odd, isn't he?"
Yinsen sighed. "Sir Fury doesn't think it's his place to interfere. Don't you see? You're the only person who can make any difference here. That's why I'm asking you."
. Tony pressed the heels of his palms harshly into his eye socket until he saw black stars dancing across his vision. He'd come running when Tony fell; he'd helped lift Tony into the carriage. Even when he only thought of Tony with disdain, he couldn't stand by and watch him be in pain. But that was no sign of a deeper affection - it was just confirmation of the Captain's own good, warm character. Still, the tiny moments have kindness and closeness had almost made his icy distance and hard words hurt worse.
"Hey now," he protested. "I'm not exactly investigator material here. Even if you don't think I'm involved, why give it to me?"
Peggy dimpled. "I wouldn't worry about that too much, Lord Stark," she said. "Uncle Nick doesn't much approve of you either."
Fury made a grumpy sound. "He won't be happy about this fixation you have on engines. Neither will Mr. Stane."
Still, his determination for independence didn't stop his relief when a carriage came down the road and slowed next to them, revealing Fury and Bella. Tony could have crumpled to the ground in thanks.
Tony shifted again. Saying the pain was mostly gone wasn't really true - standing on his ankle was still mightily uncomfortable. But he was hardly going to admit that.
"Boys." They both looked up over at Fury. His face was impassive but Bella winked at his elbow. "If we could move this along? Rhodes needs to get settled sometime before midnight."
For a moment, he didn't think Toomes would allow it. But then, despite his harsh frown and narrowed eyes, he stepped aside.
“Of course they’re welcome. I’ll spend tomorrow saying our farewells to the tenants and be packed by the next morning.”
Mrs. Barnes patted his forearm and left to go to her husband's side. Barnes spoke to a man in a raggedy coat with a full moustache. Several more men, some accompanied by their wives, were scattered throughout the room, all of them with the rough look of Navy seamen.
Peggy and Sharon exchanged speaking looks. Tony didn't look at Captain Rogers, who had Barnes at his elbow, saying something to him in a low voice. He could still feel the warm imprint of the Captain's hands on his arms, the casual strength of his body.
"I only went down there a few times," Tony said, trying to sound snotty. He prayed for Bella to drop the subject. "I was never in his way! If he complained
The letters were as Tony had left them. Tony had never in his life looked after any object like these letters—even his books, precious as they were, got strewn about on the floor, left open, used as makeshift plates and lap desks. But Tony had smoothed out every letter and folded it in its envelope, putting it with its fellows as carefully and delicately as a new mother with her child. He’d taken them out every once in a while to reread them, but they’d always gone back with just as much care.
Rhodey looked between them and, proving why he was Tony's favorite, visibly decided to follow the change in subject. "Sure, Tones. Let's do Pepper a favor and get rid of it for her, yeah?"
Stark Manor came into sight after only five minutes. Tony hadn't realized he'd crossed so far in the woods; his manor stood on the opposite end of the forest than Fury's. He must have been out for much longer than he'd thought; it had to be approaching ten o'clock, at least, if not later.
Lit candles added a soft glow to the room and the moon shone in through the line of windows on the outer wall. Tony's shoulders dropped as he walked around, taking a leisurely look through the bookcases. His father had purchased most of the books on the shelves. Tony smiled as he came across a small, well-worn copy of Donne. He took it out and examined the broken spine, wondering who had spent so much time reading it; he knew that he'd never cracked it open when he was a boy.
"I've been trying my hand at fermenting wine," she admitted. "It might not be any good, but it's drinkable."
"Wasn't this just a cleaning—" Tony stiffened as Captain Rogers caught sight of the little bundle in the corner. "Oh."
"Well," Rhodey said. "We can't all be famous naval captains, but I make do." He nodded to the others. "Pleasure to meet you all, but I have something I need to discuss with Lord Stark."
He lifted his chin as he met the Captain's direct blue gaze. His heart beat unevenly but he knew that it didn't show on his face - it never did. He had no idea what the Captain was thinking under that piercing stare or why he'd even brought the subject up to begin with. Why did Captain Rogers, clearly about to become engaged himself, care about Tony's supposed romantic life?
"You're very attentive to her." Captain Rogers took a deep, steadying breath as Tony watched, completely baffled. "I guess I should say congratulations."
Peggy flushed. "Oh, well. Captain Rogers just dropped by to see if I wanted to go on a walk," she said. "It's such a beautiful day. We're just waiting for Aunt Bella to fetch her cloak."
Freshly clean, Tony didn't waste time in finding a distraction. If he was without something to work on, he would only be able to think about Captain Rogers coming over to ask Peggy on a walk or Peggy's blush or the way they'd been standing before he'd barged into the room.
"He's a little street rat if you don't mind me saying. If we listen to his sob stories and let him go, he'll be out there with his grimy paws in the baker's wares tomorrow before sundown. I'd bet my house on it."
Tony's throat thickened. They'd never learned anything more than basic arithmetic at the spindly little public school they'd had in town. Tony'd had tutors, of course, but he remembered laughing and helping Captain Rogers and the others with their long division.
, too. Tony reminded himself again that keeping his memory of the boy he’d known separate from the man he now was was going to be the only way he would ever get over their ruined relationship. He would have to do the same with Bucky. They’d been friends half a lifetime ago—surely Tony could treat him with gentile indifference, keep him at arms length, if they should cross paths before he could leave.
Tony wiggled his fingers. "Their loss, hm?" He pulled out another book at random - a treatise on manners. He made a face and put it back without checking the author. "You've opened up a lot of rooms in the house."
He bit the inside of his cheek as that made everyone in the room pause and look at him. Captain Rogers was the only one who did not stare; he, in fact, had not even come into the house yet. Tony didn't twist to look for him, but it was a near thing. He'd been trying very hard not to notice the Captain's presence, but he hadn't realized it was easier to avoid him because he wasn't in the room.
"You can't seriously be angry at the boy for taking some bread, Fury," Tony said. "We both know you've got more than enough to spare."
Tony couldn't tell if the low hum that Captain Rogers made was a noise of approval or not. He swallowed, ignoring the dryness of his throat.
Tony wavered on his feet, black dots multiplying at the corner of his vision until he was truly concerned he would pass out. He kept himself upright just barely.
Tony jerked. "No one said I couldn't ride Jericho!" The words were so route he said them without thinking, without pausing to consider it had been some years since he'd had this exact argument with Barnes. "He was my father's horse, why wouldn't I be able to ride him? And he wasn't
He gave a jaunty wave. "You kids have fun," he said. He forced himself to wink. "Don't do anything I would do." He considered. "Actually, don't do anything I
Tony managed to chuckle. “It must have been that sea air,” he said. “He shot up significantly. Still skinny the last time I—Well.” He cleared his throat. That day still brought sparks of pain. “I imagine he's only grown since. He wasn't even twenty the last time we—met."
Tony could make a filthy joke but it didn't feel like he and Yinsen were at the right place in their relationship for that so, like a good patient, he bit his tongue and did as asked. Yinsen bent his head and returned to lightly checking Tony's sore ankle. He had a delicate touch and warm fingers. Tony relaxed a little, trying to keep his knee from jerking whenever the doctor hit a ticklish spot.
His mind was still on Pepper as he strode through Shield Manor's foyer; she'd seemed better but she definitely wasn't moving very well. Deciding to have Harley work for her had been a whim at the time, but now he was glad he did it; she was chafing at being restricted and she probably would overextend herself without extra help. He'd tried to keep her off her feet as much as possible once the children were gone and amused her for most of the afternoon by reading a few passages from one of her gothic romances, using spooky voices for the villain and a high and dramatic tenor for the protagonist. It had mostly worked, but he would have to figure something else out for the rest of the week.
Tony turned away from the room with a gasp. He pressed his hand against his chest, forcing himself to take deep breaths.
Captain Rogers straightened, easy smile falling away. Tony resisted the urge to do the same as those blue eyes searched the room and came to rest on him.
"My goodness," Sharon said, laughing a little. Tony broke off, blinking a little at having his train of thought derailed. "I guess I can believe this is your one true love, Lord Stark! I've never seen you so engaged in conversation before."
He blinked, taken aback. "Very little," he said. "All the gossips say he was wounded in the war. I can see with my own eyes he's changed."
"I've never known Lord Stark to be cowed by any piece of machinery," Bella said from behind Tony. She was fixing her gloves when he turned to look at her, a little surprised, and she winked at him. "I remember how you used to run around fixing everything you could get those grimy little paws on, sir. You should have heard how Mr. Hogan used to go on about him."
Pepper’s little cottage was just as he remembered it, though it had still been her father’s when he’d last seen it in person. It was hardly as big as the great hall of the manor, but its white-washed exterior and pale roof were so tidy and lovely that it seemed altogether more elegant. Pepper’s father had enjoyed gardening, and Tony was pleased to see she’d kept up the vegetables he’d tended, as well as the bunches of roses, lilies, and tulips he’d kept near the front door. He stooped and plucked one of the bright red tulips.
Tony couldn't take it anymore. He scrambled out of Rhodey's hug, ignoring his dizziness as he hurried to his feet. Rhodey just watched. Pepper tried to rise up with him but she had trouble getting in and out of chairs nowadays. She grumbled under her breath, sinking back into her chair.
"I'm fine," he complained without any real heat as they walked. "I'm sure I'd be able to make it back if I just caught my breath for a second. I'm barely even bruised." Mrs. Barnes ignored his complaints, steadily moving them forward without even turning her head. Tony scowled at her and tried to tug free again. It was useless. She had an extraordinary grip. "Mrs. Barnes, this really isn't necessary. It's hardly the first time I've been knocked off a horse!"
Tony held a hand to his chest and adopted his biggest, saddest eyes. He’d perfected them at age eight and used them shamelessly to get extra cookies from the cook for two whole years before Jarvis found out and put a stop to  it.
Tony’s stomach went ice cold. His fingers felt numb. For several long moments, there was only a rush of white noise in his ears as he struggled to keep his composure. He could feel Fury watching him, so he forced himself to smile.
That made sense. The papers hadn't mentioned much about the Captain's crew by name and Tony took in the assortment of characters with curiosity. These were all men who had been with Captain Rogers for the past six years, who knew things about him that Tony was totally ignorant of.
The hand patted his back once and then withdrew. Tony felt twenty years older than he actually was as he straightened and looked into Jarvis’s placid face. The sheer stoicism of his expression was almost enough to make Tony smile despite the ache in his gut and the beginning of a headache behind his eyes. Jarvis never had known how to respond to Tony’s emotional outbursts—every time Tony remembered crying as a child, it had been accompanied by Jarvis’s warm hands and utter solemnity.
Tony watched until they disappeared behind the tree line before he allowed himself to sink to the ground, uncaring of the way the grass was sure to stain his pants. His ankle throbbed.
Even the thought of the Navy was enough to send a pang of hurt through Tony’s belly. Gods, could he never be free, even during idle conversations?
Captain Rogers sighed. "Clever as he is, Lord Stark changes his mind with the wind." It was impossible to ignore the bitterness in his voice. "If he were to marry, I could only pity the poor fool he chooses."
The eyebrows rose yet further. Tony wasn’t sure why Yinsen, who Tony was sure he’d never met before in his life, seemed to have some kind of low opinion of Tony, but it was beginning to annoy him. What on Earth had people been saying about here while he was away at school?
It was only after getting Lucy and Harley settled, safely tucked away in his own bedroom, that Tony allowed himself to press his face into his pillow and yell.
Captain Rogers reached in before Tony could think to try and stop him. With careful hands, he brought the little bundle into the light of the library candles.
Tony swallowed several times. "You were mistaken," he said. He was proud that his voice didn't crack. "There was nothing like that between us."
"She was always trying to get me to act like an earl. You'd think she'd give up the goose after that time I set her dress on fire."
Rhodey laughed and dragged Tony closer to ruffle his hair. "Let it go? You're kidding, right? When I die, I want my tombstone to read, here lies James Rhodes, he was best friends with Tony Stank."
Tony choked out a bitter laugh. "No," he said. "I mean, not really. When have I ever listened to Howard? When Captain Rogers returned from sea, when I saw him again, I—" Tony cleared his throat. "Well. I guess it didn't matter to me, what I'd promised my father. I wanted—everything Captain Rogers offered me. I was ready to propose by the end of the summer. I thought it didn't matter, Howard's approval. Except Obie... Obie said—"
Tony's heart leaped into his throat. Had she found out about Pepper's confession? He hadn't told anyone about that and he doubted Pepper would have.
He smiled at Bella and ignored the sharp pain under his breastbone. "Of course not," he said at last. "If that's what they both want, I wish them nothing but happiness."
His stomach chose then to gurgle, thankfully. Tony could have written odes to it. Who needed a brain when you had a stomach to get you out of awkward situations?
“Oh, uncle, it’s just that the stories in the papers are so exciting! Just last month, they said he captured one of the fleeing French warships!”
"Your father and Mr. Toomes will not help. I can collect evidence, support the victims of their greed, but no one will listen to me."
Her hesitation was so visible that he didn't actually believe it. She was too self-contained, he thought. She didn't wave her emotions like a flag to be seen by everyone around her. If she was emoting, then she wanted to see him to see her hesitating and if she wanted that, it must be for some purpose.
"Captain," he said, glad that it came out evenly. "It's been a while. I hear you're the terror of the seas nowadays."
Tony forced himself to consider the problem through a distant and academic lens, ignoring the cold churn of his stomach at the thought of Barnes getting tortured. If he had lost his memories, it explained a lot. But memory loss was such a tricky thing. So few people knew enough about the brain to even begin to address it.
"Why not?" Rhodey's scowl deepened. "I can call him whatever I like when he breaks my best friend's heart."
"Well," Sharon said with mock severity, "young Mr. Keener made off with some bread from the kitchens last night."
"It's good to see you, sir! I mean, I've seen you before, of course, because you've—Not that I'm following you around or anything!" Parker's face flushed a deeper red and Tony began to smile. "I just mean, you're very noticeable! And you've been in town pretty often, so I've seen you around. Before. Sometimes." Parker's shoulders were nearly to his red ears. "Um."
"It's been a long time, James." Captain Rogers extended his hand. "Sounds like you've done well for yourself."
Perhaps this was finally it; the writ that would see Tony tugged home by the leash, however long it was, that Howard always had around his neck. Tony’s hand tightened on the letter, wrinkling the fine paper. He would be forced to sit among peers of nobility and listen to their thoughtless droning about laws and subjects that bored him to tears. He would be forced to abandon everything he’d worked so hard on here, forced to leave his projects unfinished. Tony ground his teeth. Gods be good, he thought. It was a nightmare.
Crossing to the other side of the room, Yinsen began going through his bookshelves. "Then why the sudden interest?"
"Oh, hell," he said as the tears began to overflow. "I'm sorry. Look, kid, I want to help you. If you can give me something,
He didn't wait to hear what they had to say. He was down the stairs before they could catch up with him.
"Yeah, you. See if you hear anything, see anyone suspicious, that kind of thing. If you do, send me a message to Shield Hall." He considered. "If I'm not here..." He hesitated but he knew better than anyone that Captain Rogers wouldn't just turn away someone who needed help. "Send it Captain Rogers at Stark Manor."
you drive yourself back?" She examined him from head to toe, so critically that Tony almost shifted from foot to foot like a guilty school boy. He forced himself to straighten. "Perhaps I should
Tony put down his small bouquet. For several long minutes, he stood and looked down at the headstone in silence. It was well-kept and tidy without the neglect of the other stones. Jarvis had kept his word.
Sharon gave his shoulder a light smack. "Lord Stark!" she said, heavily flushed now. "You can be so very aggravating!"
"I can still challenge him to a duel," Rhodey said. "I nearly did the first time around. Anyone with eyes thought he was going to propose and then he just runs off, no warning—"
advise us on what to wear, Lord Stark,” Sharon said. “If Captain Rogers is going to be in attendance, I want to look my very best!”
and Harley wasn't going to be the one to help him get around the house. He sat on Tony's bed and told him about Pepper's day and then about his mother, who he'd gone to visit before returning to Shield Hall.
Or perhaps he could claim an emergency, somehow. If he dashed off a note to Harley once they arrived, he could arrive within the hour on foot, make some excuse about Pepper's condition, and get out of there in one piece—
Tony sighed, rubbing the back of his neck and trying to straighten out the knot collecting between his shoulder blades. Pepper had told him repeatedly that he didn't need to actually look at the water pump right then and there, but he was hardly going to ignore it after she'd brought up the way the water was hardly dispensing. In the end, it had been a simple matter of tightening some loose screws, but he'd roughed up his clothes and his hands were filthy from mud and grease. He'd need a bath to be anywhere approaching presentable for dinner.
“Excellent. I’ll do interviews tomorrow then, get everything settled. With any luck, they’ll have a whole household to welcome them when they arrive.”
“Of course he’s coming,” Fury said before Tony could make some excuse. Tony looked over at him to find Fury’s eye firmly on Tony already. He frowned and Fury frowned back. “It would be the height of rudeness to refuse such an invitation,” Fury said. “They might think he holds some grudge against them. People would certainly talk.”
"Funny you should ask." Yinsen's eyebrows twitched and Tony bit back a smile. "What do you know about memory loss?"
"Oh!" Thank God for Peggy, Tony thought as he hurried forward before Captain Rogers could finish whatever he was planning to say. "Look, someone's come to Shield Hall!"
Barnes' answering smile was not much of a smile at all. His eyes were cold. If Tony had been able to spare any of his concentration, he might have allowed a moment of revelation; clearly, Barnes had been informed about everything that had happened six years ago. That was not the face of someone greeting an old friend.
Tony didn’t want to air that dirty laundry to a relative stranger. They’d always been so sensitive about it.
Pepper did an about-face as she looked back at Yinsen with her sweetest smile. Yinsen blinked at her. He had a good poker face; Tony couldn’t tell at all what he was thinking beneath that placid mask of his. He glanced Tony’s way once, then seemed to make up his mind.
"In the end, though, it didn't matter." Tony's hands clenched just remembering. "Howard got wind of what was going on and he put his foot down. He wouldn't approve a marriage with some lowly sea captain with no title and no fortune. Not with his only son." Tony snorted, still bitter. "He didn't give a damn for my entire life until I tried to do one thing to make myself happy."
Tony smiled at them. "I'll be just fine," he said. "I wouldn't want to slow you down. I'll come along to the Wilsons in my own time and meet you there."
"Absolutely. We'll all be in trains and automobiles before the turn of the century." Tony grinned at her. "If I have anything to say about it, at least."
"—can survive without you for a few hours. Harley's already gone down there to help her, after all." Sharon smiled at him. "Please come?"
Pepper tucked the tulip in the pocket of her dress. She examined him from head to toe, then exhaled, shaking her head a little ruefully.
Tony wasn’t so sure. It would be the height of rudeness for Barnes not to invite Fury to dinner at some point in the near future, since he was the closest noble and knew Barnes from childhood besides. Tony would likely be required to go. He wondered if he could arrange some accident that would get him out of any potential parties. If he was lucky, Captain Rogers would keep to himself and not go wandering about the countryside where Tony might run into him without any kind of warning or preparation. Tony’s back broke out into sweat just thinking about having to run into him in the middle of the forest. Gods, that would be an absolute nightmare.
A tiny snort. Tony froze and Captain Roger's expression twisted. He clearly hadn't meant to make the sound, especially loud enough for Tony to actually hear him. For a moment, Tony looked directly into his eyes and it was like time had never passed; they were boys playing at being adults, whispering jokes to each other in the dance hall, and Tony's biggest ambition in life was to make Steve break his stiff good manners and laugh like he meant it.
"She lives on the edge of town," Peggy said from Tony's other side. "She's one of the only young women in the area, so we've all become fast friends." Her mouth quirked, eyes twinkling. "But are you sure you want to see
"Who can remember that far back?" he said, glad his voice concealed his turmoil. "I'm looking to the future, Captain. Can't have anything weighing me down."
Tony didn't know what to say to that. He had been born to his position and he'd always known that the lands surrounding Stark Manor - the tenants and the town - were under his family's protection. But it had never been put to the test before; it had largely been a ceremonial thing. Tony looked at the book in Yinsen's hand and back at his face.
He had headaches often enough, but this one was a lie; better if to set the groundwork early if he needed to escape with a legitimate sounding excuse. He nodded at the exclamations over his health and didn't look out the window to watch Stark Manor loom out of the darkness.
Wilson made a little sound. "That's pretty cute, Stark," he said with a hint of a real smile. It softened his face immensely. Tony could understand Sharon's attraction. "Did you ever find any?"
Still, the robbers lingered at the back of his mind enough that he nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw someone approaching out of the trees. It took him several moments to realize it was Mr. Sousa. He relaxed, pressing his palm against his chest to try and soothe his thundering heartbeat.
Captain Rogers deserved privacy for this. Tony had had his time and said what he wanted to say. He needed to leave.
"Lord Stark," she said when it was his turn for introductions. He bent over her hand and pressed a perfunctory kiss to the back; her skin smelled of lilies. "I'm pleased to see you again under less dangerous circumstances. Have you recovered from your fall?"
Captain Rogers' stiff expression shifted into something rueful. Tony wondered if he was remembering, like Tony was, how often he'd been the one to try to keep Tony in bed when they were children and Tony was sick or injured. He would come up to the Manor and read to Tony or distract him with questions or tell him all about the town gossip.
"Well, if it means Pepper stops yelling at me for walking too loud or touching her precious crochet—"
"I still do," Tony said. "I'm taking some time off to deal with my family affairs, but I hope to sit for my master's soon." Peggy's eyebrows rose and Tony offered her a smile. "Engineering is my focus," he said. "My father would have preferred something frivolous like philosophy, but I found I needed something to study with a bit more meat on the bone."
Tony laughed. "My father never cared for poetry," he said. "And I'll admit I've always found more the natural sciences more interesting."
"You see? There's nothing more to it." Peggy surely thought so, but Tony wasn't so convinced. Captain Rogers looked a little too red around the ears for this to be a simple walk. "In fact, would you like to come along?" Captain Rogers' eyes widened a little and Tony's stomach swooped. Peggy didn't seem to notice. "I'm sure you'd be able to tell the Captain more about the area
Tony frowned at Fury. "They're interesting," he said. "And streamlining the engine will improve trains for the entire country and make it that much easier for anyone to travel on them. You can call it a service to my country if you like."
"You're only a few years older than me and you already talk like an old bachelor," Sharon said. "Surely you will find
"Tones." Rhodey pulled at his hands until Tony knelt back down on the floor, tugging him into a ferocious hug. "Christ, man. All those letters and you didn't say a thing."
Tony offered Peggy an easy smile. “We were friends as well,” he said to Peggy’s delighted gasp. “He and his brother both lived very close to Stark Manor.”
Tony's walk back to Shield Hall was quiet, contemplative. He stopped near the river for a little while to rest his ankle - mostly better, but too tender to walk the three or so miles back without a break - and took a look at the books Yinsen gave him. Some were excellent overviews, others complete hogwash. Tony didn't even really know what he'd do with them but he'd always found it settling to tackle a subject he knew nothing about. The journal, he ignored. He would check that later.
"Good god," he said. "You're going to give me a heart attack. Can you imagine the world losing someone so young and handsome?"
"It'd be a shame to deny you all the chance to have a reunion," Bella said. "It's been some time, but from what I remember there was no separating your little gang. It would have been lovely to have you with us tonight, Tony - why
"I didn't think he'd talk about them to anyone else," he said at last. "They were just—ideas. Fancies of mine."
Tony flinched before he could stop himself. He tried to cover up the instinctive reaction with bluster. He scoffed loudly.
The little parchment made the rounds down the table from Dugan to Farnsworth and even Mrs. Barnes. Tony took in the collection of crinkled brows. Only Mrs. Barnes looked like she had any idea what it meant. Tony tucked away that little tidbit - if Mrs. Barnes was interested in mathematical theory, then they might have something to talk about after all.
"Nonsense. You're clever as a whip, but until you get a degree in medicine, you'll submit to a proper doctor's care. Is that understood?"
The unexpected invitation for dinner at Stark Manor had come just that morning. A little party to welcome some friends of Lieutenant Barnes, apparently. A flurry of activity had eaten up most of the afternoon as the ladies rushed to prepare themselves. Tony had also spent a little too long trying to find something to wear. He thought his grey suit was stylish enough but he couldn't stop fiddling with his cufflinks.
Captain Rogers and Peggy. Tony was obscured from them by the hedges, but he could hear them quite clearly. He knew he should call out and let them know he was there, but he froze instead. His ankle throbbed, but he didn't dare shift for fear of them hearing him.
"Rude. Just for that, I'm going to tell him whose idea it was to let all of the horses out of the stables—"
He cocked his hip and crossed his arms over his chest, leaning against the nearest bookshelf. "You don't know him. Otherwise you wouldn't say that with a straight face."
For a moment, the Captain's hand tightened, the heat of his palm like a brand. His pinky finger curled into the vulnerable bend of Tony's elbow, exposed by his rolled up shirtsleeves. Tony's skin shivered at the unexpected, delicate touch.
He set the box gently on the bed and opened the lock, dropping the key back in his pocket. The box’s hinges creaked as he pushed it open. There was a fine layer of dust on the neat rows of letters arranged just so in the interior. The box was the perfect size to house them all sitting on their edges—there were enough to fill the entire thing to bursting, divided by ribbons to keep them organized. Tony stared down at the neat rows and swallowed hard. When he looked up his heart twisted.
Outside, it was clear and even a little hot, with the sun bearing down on them in full force. Sharon waved from down the lane and Tony froze in place. Next to her, Captain Rogers inclined his head as Barnes glowered.
? He loved it, silly child. He used to tell my husband all about the new things you would build whenever we stopped by. He was very proud when you left for Cambridge."
Tony paused in the second floor library. He ran a hand over the books on the nearest shelf. For a second, it was almost like he was twelve again, listening to Bucky try to convince him to try one of those gothic horrors he liked so much. Gods, how long had it even been since they’d seen each other? Over ten years, certainly. Bucky had never returned to Somerset after getting his promotion—he’d gone straight back to the sea on his new ship. Not like—Captain Rogers, who had come back for a few months.
“There’s been some complications with the pregnancy,” Tony said. Peggy’s eyes widened in dismay and he waved a hand. “Nothing too concerning! Dr. Yinsen made a full examination just yesterday. But since she’s living on her own…”
"Is that so?" Peggy sounded thoughtful. "I suppose I agree with you. I've always found it intolerable, the way Sharon will change her mind at the drop of a hat. I am not so easily persuaded. Once my mind is made up, there's no going back." She laughed. "Uncle Nick has called it a curse more often than not."
Tony scowled. He both admired and disliked the Captain's direct boldness. It left him with no wiggle room, nothing he could do to avoid this whole conversation. Damn him.
from here on out, i'll be writing chapters as they're posted, so I'm not sure how regular updates will be. but I'm in the groove for this story, so hopefully i'll be able to keep them coming!
Tony waited, but Sousa didn't explain the connection. He frowned. He hadn't thought his father had done any work for the war effort, but perhaps he was mistaken. He'd been embroiled in Cambridge and he hadn't really heard much about his father from Obie. And it wasn't like Howard ever shared anything about himself.
Tony didn't know what to think about that. Happy had been one of the fixtures of his teen years, a large, grumpy smithy who had let Tony experiment in his smith and given him some more hands-on practice with building things. He'd always thought Happy had been annoyed by the way Tony had continually invaded his smithy to ask a lot of questions, tease him about his crush on the tailor across the street, and generally make a mess of his equipment to build something outrageous.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know it’s being lent,” Tony snapped. “You’ve got your eyes and ears in every corner of this area, you probably knew before I did.”
"—for our birthdays." Captain Rogers shook his head, mouth softening. "I completely forgot about that. He made me this little dog - I had it on my windowsill for years." He held up the helmets, smiling down at the little star still visible on the forehead of the blue one. "He made this when we were—gosh, I don't even know. Ten, maybe?"
Tony quickly sketched an equation on a little slip of parchment feeling, as he usually did, a deep sense of satisfaction, almost peace at penning the little formula. He finished the last number and admired it for a moment before passing it to Sousa.
Sousa's mouth quirked. "A man of science, then," he said. "I guess it's not surprising given your studies. It's a useful subject. But..."
The Keener children weren't at the table. Tony reached for a piece of toast and started buttering it unconcernedly. If they had truly done something terrible, Fury would be much angrier.
“James Barnes,” Tony confirmed. “He went by Bucky when I knew him, though Lord knows it’s about time he dropped
Tony grinned and turned to answer a question from Dugan. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Captain Rogers watching him, but he ignored it as best he could.
“It’s stupid,” he said. It was easier to admit that to himself now that the shock had passed, now that he could think clearly again. “It’s just—the new tenants. Turns out they’re not strangers after all.”
Captain Rogers laughed. God, Tony had missed that sound. "Good Lord," he said. "And Bucky and me, we went and picked all the flowers we could find. You don't even
Captain Rogers' brow furrowed. He'd heard Tony complain enough about botany to recognize how unlikely it was that he would ever spend his free time explaining tree breeds to someone - or even know enough about them to have anything to say on the subject in the first place. But he didn't call out Sousa's lie, only gave him a sharp look. Peggy, clearly noticing something even if she didn't know the specifics, looked between all three of them with steadily rising eyebrows. Her mouth firmed.
and everyone could tell that his tendre for Captain Rogers would ignite into a flame at any given moment, with even the slightest hope. He felt stupid and ridiculous and angry - at Captain Rogers, for choosing to flaunt his new courtship right under Tony's nose, at Barnes for telling him to butt out when Tony was doing everything he could to do so regardless, and, most of all, at himself.
"That's right," Tony said, a little taken aback. He expected to hear his father's name at Cambridge, among noble sons - not so much in this drawing room filled with Navy men. "Have you met him?"
"We've been happy to have you come over to the manor to visit," Captain Rogers said. His voice was gentle, a little shy. Tony flinched. "In fact, Natasha was saying just yesterday that she wished you visited more often."
Tony held up his hand. Peter stopped speaking with an abrupt swallow. Tony considered his flushed, upset face. Normally, he wouldn't stop to interfere with the workings of local law, but Peter seemed desperate. And it didn't hurt that this would doubtless free him from the obligation of going to dinner. Two birds, one stone.
He whisked her away before anyone could protest, beyond relieved to have that confusing conversation with Captain Rogers interrupted. As they got closer, it was easier to make out more details - the handsome, unfamiliar coach parked in Fury's walkway, the bags piled up by the front door, Fury and Bella both out and speaking with—
Her honest insult would have ordinarily made him laugh - it was always a breath of fresh air to find people who didn't simper just because Tony was an earl's son - but considering the things he'd overhead over the past few weeks it actually landed a blow.
Another man sent home missing parts of himself. Tony hated the thought of it and softened a little toward this stranger.
Tony shrugged. “The only difference between us is the luck of birth,” he said. “There’s no point in pretending otherwise.”
The butler did not look approving, but going by Peter's widening eyes, Tony might as well have plucked out the moon and put it in his hands.
"Oh, it's—" Parker fumbled around in his jacket and pulled out a little envelope. "Can you give this to Harley for me? I know he's staying up at Shield Hall."
Tony wiggled his fingers at the boy. That kind of full-hearted enthusiasm was a lot to deal with but it was endearing.
He held Fury's stare, keeping his own expression as calm and innocent as a newborn babe's. Unlike Toomes, Fury knew better than to expect Tony to fold; he rolled his eye and made an aggravated sound under his breath.
There was no path other than what had been made by the constant flow of visiting feet. Most of the headstones were covered in moss, the names slowly being chipped away by the elements. Tony passed a few names he recognized but  didn't stop until he reached the far left corner, where a plain headstone, newer than the others, rested under the shadow of a great oak.
Tony couldn't help himself. He flicked his eyes up, taking in his first glimpse of Steve Roger's face in six years. He didn't take a step back out of sheer cussedness. Captain Rogers, like Barnes, had grown up well; sharper cheekbones, a sturdier jaw. By anyone's standards, he was beautiful; of course, he always had been to Tony, but it seemed like the years had only added to it.
Yinsen was visibly hesitant as he said, "They first appeared last year and no one thought much about it - these things happen. But they keep coming back. And, frankly, they have an almost uncanny knowledge of the town - they know exactly who made some extra sales that month, exactly how to circumvent the magister, exactly when the strike when they'll get the most profit." Tony's stomach sank. He was beginning to get an inkling of where this might be going. "We sent letters to the earl, your father. The replies didn't help."
"You will accept full responsibility for the boy and his future actions," Toomes ground out. "If he gets in trouble again, I will not spare him."
"Old friends of the Captain and the Lieutenant," he explained. "They came to visit for a few days to catch up. I suspect they're also here to check on the Lieutenant's health."
He made the short walk down to Pepper’s cottage, trying to think about the knotty problem in his latest project and not the wisps of dreams that had followed him to the waking hour. Still lost in his own thoughts, it took him a moment to realize that it was taking an uncommonly long time for Pepper to open her door. Tony frowned and peered through the front window—he could see the light of a candle inside. Was Pepper ignoring him?
That evening, he distracted himself with work. His professors had all but cried at hearing he was taking a semester off, but Tony had no intention of falling behind on his studies or his projects. He’d taken as many books and papers as he could pack, as well as the current drafts of his latest invention. Being able to pull it out and sink into the focus of designing machinery was a blessing after  the past few days. By the time he realized the candle had almost burned itself out, Tony had managed to put aside the little voice whispering in the back of his ear about Barnes and Steve Rogers.
She had always been able to follow Tony's thoughts through the most desperate of mazes. He nodded but didn't look at her straight-on, keeping most of his attention on the window.
Toomes' jaw worked furiously. He clearly wanted to object, but Tony had him over a barrel and they both knew it. As the magistrate, he had control over the law in town, but Tony was the son of the county lord and nobility besides - he may not have the official power to step in, but they both knew he could do it regardless. Tony absolutely could raise a stink with the House of Lords if he wanted and he absolutely would if Toomes didn't cooperate. He didn't care much about his name or the power it gave him, but he wasn't above using it when it could do some good.
the harley plot was an unexpected twist I decided on when I was trying to figure out ways to get tony out of dinner - since he doesn't have any helpful nephews to fall out of trees. since in the story that moment is meant to highlight anne's virtues, I wanted something similar for tony - in that, he is a defender of the underdog and also a collector of rough-and-tumble children.
"Yeah? And what about today, then? You tensed up like a rabbit the minute you remembered he was there." Rhodey poked Tony hard in his stomach. "Years ago doesn't matter if the hurt's deep enough."
That made her fierce look soften with amusement. "Get in the buggy, young sir, or you'll see how I go about punishing those who don't follow my orders!"
Being denied any of Captain Rogers' deeper emotions was another nail in the coffin of their old relationship.
Sobriety began to trickle back in and Tony shifted. "I was fine." Pepper's hand felt really nice running through his hair. "I was mostly fine," he amended. "And he's only staying to help Barnes. I'll be gone soon and he'll go back to the Navy and our paths will never cross again." The thought hurt twice as much drunk as it had sober.
The terse order for Tony to come to London hadn’t been a surprise. Tony had been waiting for that for years. No, what utterly flummoxed Tony was this business of letting out Stark Manor.
His throat began to clog. He tried to choke the oncoming tears back. He would not cry about this, not again. He'd wasted so many tears already.
Tony offered a salute, trying not to show how much this new version of Barnes unsettled him and how little he wanted him to see Tony when he was still vulnerable and hurt.
Tony didn’t look up. “You know what this means, J,” he said. “You know those two—” He cleared his throat. “Those two were never apart for long. If Bucky’s coming, then—”
"If he starts making off with something more valuable than bread, you will need to take him in hand."
"Euler pushed some fundamental math concepts together - that should never have worked. It should have been meaningless gibberish. But it
"What?" he asked, trying to sound nonchalant. "Why would I care about that? Rogers is pretty to court whoever he likes."
It had been one of his mother's tricks, to answer something uncomfortable with a vague question. It had always seemed to work to pivot her out of things she didn't want to talk about.
Jarvis inclined his head. “Two housemaids, our cook, and our housekeeper,” he said. “I’m afraid we can’t keep any more considering the house has stood empty for so many years.”
“God, Pep,” he said. “You’ve been holding out on your own all this time? Doesn't he have any family to help?"
Tony nodded. Yinsen turned to his desk and rifled through some papers, coming up with a folded piece of parchment. Tony recognized the cramped, spidery handwriting; it was less shaky than the letter he'd received.
"Your friend went out on quite a limb for you," Tony said. "I imagine he's not going to be in Mr. Toomes' good graces after tonight. It's hardly going to help in his suit of the man's daughter, I suspect."
Work was the only reliable release from the torment of his thoughts. He took some of his schematics for a design he'd been working on down to the dining room - the only place with a big enough table to hold the sheaf of thick parchment he used to draw them - and spread everything out. It was a relief to clean his mind of everything but work. Emotions were messy and difficult - machinery was clean and predictable. Safe.
No, he needed a place close by that wouldn’t cause any scandal should he deign to stay there. An idea occurred to him and Tony groaned quietly to himself.
"I'll check back in with Mrs. Keener. She's almost fully healed herself. Miss Toombs hasn't been feeling well - her father asked me to stop in and check on her as well."
But his eyes, blue as Tony remembered, weren't warm like Tony remembered. Chips of ice, more like. Tony froze under them, feeling like a trapped rabbit facing a hunting owl. His heart turned over.
Tony breathed in, breathed out. "He said." He swallowed. "He said if I went through with it, he'd withdraw his support from Captain Rogers publicly. He'd whisper just the right kind of depraved lies in just the right ears. The Captain's reputation in the Navy would be ruined, his future and livelihood gone."
The Manor had been the seat of the Starks since their founding, a sprawling mansion out in the country of Somerset. For as long as Tony could remember, Howard had been immensely proud of the place. The rare times he and Tony’s mother had returned during Tony’s childhood had been in a group of other peers of the realm or even gentry, to whom Howard would spend the entire trip extolling the virtues and history of the Stark line and the family home. Tony would believe in Howard giving up his title before he believed in Howard giving up that mansion.
Tony wanted to pretend to be his normal aloof, independent self but Rhodey was right - it had been too damn long. He clung, taking deep breaths. Rhodey ran a hand down his back.
Tony didn't want to think about the walk down to the river, which he'd made so many times as a child he could still close his eyes and visualize it. He'd made most of those walks with Captain Rogers at his elbow. He wondered if Captain Rogers was thinking about it now; Tony couldn't see any hint of nostalgia in his expression.
"The choice of words more than the image," Farnsworth offered, propping his chin in his hand. "An ugly image can be made beautiful thanks to how a poet describes it, yes?"
Goose made a sharp, shocked noise and he reared so swiftly and unexpectedly that Tony found himself airborne before he really understood what was happening. He had a second to remember to cover his head before he was on the ground, air pushed out of him in one giant gasp. Between the dark and the sudden fall, it took him several moments to get his bearings.
Tony blinked up at him, taken aback. He'd grown so used to shielding himself from Captain Rogers' cold indifference that even the weakest nudge into familiarity left him off-kilter, heart beating faster. Captain Rogers met his gaze and—there, at the corner of his mouth, the tiniest tick up.
"I'm sure you remember where the carriages are." Mrs. Barnes was easier to see out of the cover of the trees. He could make out the deep auburn of her hair and more details of her face. Very pretty, he thought. No wonder Sharon and Peggy had been so awestruck. "Your horse here can handle one of the smaller ones by himself. You can return it any time you like later this week."
“Not even the family heirlooms!” Tony said and dodged a clap to the ear with a laugh. “Just some plain, regular old silverware will do it for me!”
Pepper softened. “I said some pretty terrible things myself,” she said. “And I could have chosen a better time.”
Tony settled back in his chair. He was hardly going to take that kind of skepticism lying down. "How is a poem beautiful?" he challenged.
. His family’s wealth was deep and varied—it would take enormous spending to put such a dent in it that lending out the house was necessary. Tony avoided the society papers, but now he wished that he’d kept a closer eye on his father’s activities during the last six years. But surely if something was amiss with Howard, Obie would have written to tell him so? Even though Tony had always had an uneasy and distant relationship with his father, the same was not true of his godfather—Obie still regularly sent letters and inquiries about Tony’s studies.
"You played with it every day." Something had shifted in the Captain's voice, making it come out dark and rough. "Don't you remember?"
, but he didn’t have the moment or the inclination. He did, however, tuck the thought in the back of his mind as something to bring up when things were less dire.
“We’ll have to rearrange some of the rooms, take off all the sheets in the master bedroom. I don’t suppose you managed to find any new servants yet, J?”
Pepper put a gentle hand on the back of his neck. "Captain Rogers doesn't know anything about this?"
"He's quite handsome," Peggy said. "And very personable. I would be happy if the two of them were to wed, but so far he hasn't made any move to make things official."
Tony considered it. He didn't think it was any more likely than Pepper did; Steve's sense of obligation, always iron-clad, would make him attend no matter his true feelings on the matter.
just realized as i was putting the finishing touches on this that it's tony's birthday today. let's all pretend that was the plan all along.
next chapter we get to meet even more characters... and maybe even steve. thanks for the comments & kudos so far!
"You wound me," Tony said, affecting a blow through his heart. Peggy laughed. "Is this Mr. Wilson planning to court her anyway? She seems invested."
make sure to reach us within the hour or we will come back looking for you!" She patted his shoulder. "I would hate for you to be spirited away by roguish thieves!"
The old butler inclined his head. Jarvis had been the Manor’s butler since before Tony was born. With his parents away, Jarvis had also been the one cleaning up after Tony, scolding him, and playing with him. In many ways, he was something of a father to Tony, or least a beloved uncle. Still, he despised long distance travel and found letters boring—Tony hadn’t heard from him since he left home. He was startled to see streaks of white in Jarvis’s gray hair and more lines around his eyes.
Tony wanted to reel the words back in the moment he said them. It would have been one thing if he'd been able to say them with the appropriate indifferent disbelief, but the hurt cracked right through, too close to the surface to ignore. Heat flooded his neck and he whirled around before the Captain could answer. His mind, usually dependable, abandoned him in his panic and he was left only with the most primitive directives: escape, run, flee.
"Uh," he said and cursed himself when it made the tiny smile disappear. "We'd better—I mean, they're leaving us behind. Better keep up."
"It's nothing too interesting," he said to answer her question and try to redirect her attention. "Mrs. Killian needed some help with her water pump. It turned out to be much a much messier operation than I expected."
Another speaking look. This was why Tony didn't want Rhodey and Pepper in a room together; they always ganged up on him. "What we need," Rhodey said, straightening back up and dropping Pepper's hands, "is a party."
“Howard sent me a letter,” he said. “He’s lending out the manor. I’m to oversee the new tenant and then make a leg for London straightaway.”
“Was that a threat? That sounded like a threat. Pepper, I’m no medical man, but I do think murdering me is
"Your ankle." Captain Rogers seemed to realize how abrupt he sounded. He cleared his throat. "Does it feel better?"
The ride back was swift and quiet. The carriage they took was only really suitable for one driver, but despite Barnes' new bulk, it was easy enough to fit both of them. Goose and Jocasta, from the Stark stables, pulled them along without any trouble. Tony wanted to close his eyes and relax a little, catalog his various bruises, but it was difficult to let his guard down with Barnes right at his elbow.
He could have keeled over from relief as Harley appeared in the doorway next to Bella, his hands firmly on his hips. That was the second time this kid had bailed him out of an uncomfortable situation; he'd have to get him something nice as a reward.
But. He chanced a glance at Captain Rogers' face, still and withdrawn and pained. His heart constricted. It had been a long time since he'd thought about the Captain in the aftermath of his mother's death, still a child and grieving so intensely that Tony had feared for a time that he would follow her to the grave. It had taken all of them to help him recover even a little and that pain had still never fully healed. Tony could see it even now.
Tony closed his eyes, clenching the charm in his hand. Captain Rogers had found it during the open market that the town had every other Sunday. He’d bought it with some of his meager savings and given it to Tony the night before he’d left to become an apprentice on
"You stepped in a rabbit's hole," Peggy observed. "Look, it's well hidden in the grass. We'll all have to be careful moving forward." She leaned down too. "Can you move your ankle? It's firmly wedged."
He knocked again. His concern worsened when he heard a thump from inside and a pained noise. He opened the door before he could stop to think why it might be a bad idea, rushing into the house. There was a single candle lit on the dining room table, with dishes half laid out. Tony frowned at them—it looked as if Pepper had stopped in the middle of preparing for her own breakfast. Another thump sent him to the back rooms of the house.
"Eventually. We're to meet there for dinner, of course, but everyone's scattered to the winds to enjoy their leave while they can." Sousa kept a steady pace at Tony's side. "They spoke of home often, Steve especially. Does that surprise you?"
“The war is over now, my lord,” Coulson said, not even a hint of irony in his voice to show that he'd registered Tony's joke. “What’s more, the lieutenant was badly injured during the final skirmishes. It seems that he is, at least unofficially, retired from service until he recovers.”
He glanced at the letter again, stomach rolling. He had little desire to return to Stark Manor, which had once been his kingdom and was now only a source of unpleasant and painful memories. But if he didn’t do as his father asked, he was much less likely to allow Tony to stay at Cambridge. There was nothing for it—he’d have to return for the first time in six years.
Tony expected to hear—something under that statement. Judgement, a warning tone. After all, Tony was an Earl to be and Pepper was, to most people’s minds, a nobody—he had little business poking around in her affairs enough to know so much about her life. It was more than a little scandalous that he’d gone to  her house unchaperoned at all, though Tony had never really cared much for such things. But Peggy sounded warm and she was smiling at him.
Pepper snorted. “Was it manly dignity I saw on your face whenever I beat you at cricket? I could have sworn those were tears."
"Many minds have tried and failed to puzzle out that very question," Tony said, all irony, before he could remember to censor himself in front of a lady.
"Tony!" Bella said, seeing him over the shoulders of her guests. "Young Mr. Keener tells me you're to blame for our unexpected house guests."
Tony remembered being nine and running around these very woods waving his sword with Captain Rogers at his side. What did they fight together? What
peggy's red lipstick would probably be deeply scandalous but i love that aesthetic too much to take it away from her.
"Very well. If you don't have the good sense to do as I say, I'll kidnap you." Her tone brooked no argument. "You seem the type to recklessly endanger yourself further and I can hardly stand by and let you do it."
When the tidal wave of desperate emotion had calmed, he rolled over his back and considered the dark ceiling. Well, he thought. He had done it. He had been in the same space as Captain Rogers again and the world had not ended. They had even managed to speak to each other, no matter how brief, no matter how coldly polite. Tony closed his eyes. Once, they had been the closest of confidantes; there were no two hearts so open, no feelings so in unison. Now, they were strangers; no, worse than strangers, for they could never again become acquainted. It was permanent estrangement.
The moon provided just enough light to catch the flash of the woman's teeth as she smiled. She knelt down. Close up, it was easier to make out more of her features. She couldn't be that much older than Tony but he didn't recognize her at all. Was she from town?
"We're always glad to join our friends around the dinner table," Bella said. "We'd be happy for you to stay, of course, but now that we're apparently taking in strays—"
“Mr. Coulson,” he said, making an educated guess. He offered his hand, which Coulson took. His eyebrows rose and Tony belatedly remembered he wasn’t wearing gloves—Coulson could probably feel the calluses on his palms. Tony had gotten out of the habit of trying to hide them. “Jarvis said you had business in town?”
"It wasn't so much your inventions, marvelous as they were." Sousa braced himself on his cane, examining Tony from the corner of his eye. "He was keen to speak of you any chance he got, that's all."
He was proud of the way his voice didn't skip on Captain Rogers' name. He still couldn't look him in the eye, could hardly allow himself to focus on him, so he turned his attention to Barnes.
His nervous babble died out as Barnes looked down at him, pale eyes colorless in the moonlight. Tony shivered.
"Has he been able to recover any of the memories?" he asked, chewing on his lip "Even a few are better than nothing - that's a start to get the rest of them, too. The unconscious is still so new to us, but maybe some of the more radical doctors could—" He stopped, noticing her small smile. "What?"
"Not quite. You show no interest in the town itself, not what I'd expect from someone gathering information for a group of thieves. I rather doubt someone trying to pretend to be innocent would have asked about the rumors in the first place. And..." Yinsen smiled, tiny and wry. "I find it difficult to believe someone so devoted to a childhood friend would be ruthless enough to pillage his own people."
"I wanted to forget it ever happened," Tony said into Rhodey's shoulder. "I was getting really good at it, too. King champion of forgetting painful memories."
Sousa shook his head. "Spoken like a man with no feeling for poetry," he said. He considered the request seriously nonetheless and, eventually, recited a few lines from Blake. "
She might as well have lanced him with that iron needle in her hands. Tony closed his eyes and breathed through the ache. When he opened them again, Pepper looked sorry. Tony shook his head, dismissing the silent apology. It wasn’t her fault that he still carried such an open wound.
The Wilsons exchanged a look. The brother stepped forward and offered his hand to Tony with raised eyebrows. Tony didn't quite know what to make of his challenging expression and kept his handshake quick and impersonal.
After Dr. Yinsen had been summoned and taken a look at Tony's foot (with raised eyebrows over his little eyeglasses, as if wondering how Tony had stayed alive this long) and promptly pronounced him the proud owner of a sprained ankle, Tony had been ushered up to his bedroom to begin his sentence of three days of bed-rest and light walking only for the following week. The Furys hustled around him for a time and Sharon and Peggy came to visit and exclaim over him; he entertained them with his impression of Dr. Yinsen and they chatted about the Wilsons. Harley crept in and scowled down at him, telling him he was an idiot for getting himself hurt
What could Tony tell her? That the sheer thought made him want to wither away and die, that seeing them together was a lance in a wound that had never truly healed over? Peggy was a genteel young woman who deserved a good husband; Captain Rogers, in turn, deserved a wife who would support him and who could give him everything he deserved. Tony would never be able to be that person and he'd known it even as he'd been swept away in the whirlwind of Captain Rogers' regard.
Damn her. Tony straightened and turned just as the door opened and Captain Rogers came in, ducking his head so he didn't hit the frame. How tall had he gotten, exactly?
i did some light research about the criminal justice system and then remembered why I hate research. most of that is handwaved, so sorry if anyone is super knowledge about 1800s criminal justice. also that quote near the end is a direct pull from persuasion - it's one of my favorites from the book, so I couldn't resist adding it in. ms austen invented yearning and I do not accept criticism about that fact.
He’d avoided those thoughts for six years, he reminded himself. Every time he’d seen his name in the newspaper, he’d put it aside immediately. Every time he’d had a thought or a memory of their time together, he’d found something to distract himself. He’d put it behind him as entirely as he was able. For Tony's brain, which caught ideas and ran them into submission, it was an impressive amount of self-control.
Tony turned to face him more fully. Sousa was smiling but his eyes were solemn. He really meant that. "You can't be serious."
Tony swallowed. He could go oversee the carriage being put away. He could go upstairs immediately to begin preparations for the children's bedrooms or duck into the kitchens to grab something to eat since he'd missed dinner or—
"Trust me, kid, he's human." Tony imagined Captain Rogers in a room with Parker and bit down on his smile. "He'll listen to you if I'm not around."
Tony rubbed his face. He spent most of the time sitting there trying to convince himself that his heart wasn't beating any faster at all because of Captain Rogers' concern or his warm, warm hands.
Peggy straightened. "Oh! You must have some opinion on these so-called steam engine trains, then," she said, her face bright with interest. "I've read so many differing opinions in the papers, it'd be nice to hear from someone who might actually understand what's going on. Do you think they're going to ruin society as we know it, as everyone's claiming?"
"It's—" Tony reached out and pulled back his hand before he could touch the objects in the corner. How did he even begin to explain? "It's just—"
"Oh, I see Tony all the time." Tony had to smile at her dismissive little wave in his direction. "I'm much more interested in what you've got to say, Mr. Sousa. Now, tell me, what is
“Captain now, J,” Tony forced himself to say as casually as he could. “They both did well for themselves in the war. It’s a wonder—" God this hurt, why did this hurt so much? "A wonder he’s not married already as well.”
Christ. Tony had forgotten he was even holding them. With relief, he briefly turned back to Barnes and Captain Rogers.
Captain Rogers made a low noise. "I'd be surprised," he said. "Lord Stark has never been one for settling down."
The last thing Tony wanted to do  was talk about the old days. Even thinking about them was painful. But he could hardly deny Peggy’s bright-eyed enthusiasm, especially not with Fury standing so close, watching everything. The last thing Tony wanted, especially with Barnes and his wife settling into the community, was any undue gossip resurfacing about Tony’s relationship to Captain Rogers. He'd given up too much to make sure there hadn't been a whisper of everything that had happened between them.
Pepper grimaced. Tony flattened his smile immediately, contrite. It was so easy for them to fall back into old habits, he’d completely forgotten why Pepper might find it uncomfortable.
"I heard the most awful rumors about Mr. Killian, even though Pepper never said a word against him," Peggy continued. "Lord Stark's a little odd, but he's been so kind to Sharon and me. He's going to make someone a good husband."
Tony gave her a disbelieving look. "He's been there every day, Pepper. If they aren't engaged by the end of the month, he'll shock every person in the area, myself included."
He hopped down from the carriage and collected the children's meager belongings. He jumped when he turned and realized Fury was right at his shoulder. He moved quietly for such a big man.
"No. He didn't often speak of his own private feelings, even before. But I've known him a long time. I can make some guesses."
"I know we were never close when you were growing up, Lord Stark, but I don't think anyone with eyes could have missed what passed between the two of you several years ago. I was sure there was going to be an announcement by that summer's end."
"It's not just people in town. Mrs. Fury said you'd courted Pepper before," Captain Rogers ground out. The words were wooden, a little awkward, as if he didn't know how to shape them. "She said you were—" His brow lowered. "You were engaged. That's why she thought you'd—"
In his hands, the little wooden shield, sword, and two helmets - one painted a faded red, the other a milky blue - were tiny. It boggled the mind that the red helmet had once been big enough to slip down Tony's nose whenever he put it on, forcing him to constantly adjust it just to see.
Tony lifted her into bed, concerned all over again by how easy it was to do so. Tony had never been particularly strong and Pepper was pregnant, but it had taken hardly any effort at all. He pulled the covers over her and took one second to smooth his hand over her forehead, brushing wisps of hair out of her eyes. She smiled weakly up at him.
"Sorry to interrupt," he said. He sounded a little breathless and he cleared his throat. "I wasn't aware we were going to have guests this afternoon. Just a little curious."
"Don't trouble yourself," he told Miss Wilson after he'd been escorted to the nearest settee. "I'll be fine after a bit of rest and then I'll be out of your hair." He offered her a smile, the most charming he could manage with the black sickness still coiling in his belly and a headache from the throb of his ankle making itself know behind his right eye. "I'm sorry we had to meet under such sorry circumstances."
Tony only caught a glimpse of a pale stare through the boy's fringe. He kept his approach casual and friendly. There was no reason to spook the boy further, but Tony remembered being that age; treating him like spun glass would hardly endear him to Tony either.
"It was always your ideas to go into the petunia bushes and pick some!" Imagine accusing Tony of his own crimes! The fiend. "He wanted to hand them out to the pretty girls in town," he confided to the Wilsons in a low voice, throwing in a wink. "A charmer at any age, our Mr. Barnes."
- Fury had given him a hard look when Tony had started stammering out some excuses about having work to do that evening. So he'd bundled into the carriage with everyone else and gloomily figured that at least it was a big place. He probably could avoid Captain Rogers most of the night.
Barnes snorted and then furrowed his brow as if he hadn't meant to do that. He cast a side-long glance at Captain Rogers.
Clearly, he wasn't going to get more out of Barnes. There was nothing else for it - he could hardly ignore Captain Rogers. He forced himself to turn, to look up. Not enough to look into those blue eyes, though; he didn't think he could survive that. Instead, he kept his gaze firmly on Captain Rogers' throat, covered by a neatly tied cravat. He couldn't stop himself from noticing that he was as broad as the gossip implied; someone had been feeding him well on those Navy ships.
"Honestly. You're both grown men now . . . supposedly." Tony resented the way she eyed him doubtfully, he really did. He had graduated university! "I know it can't be—comfortable, but surely you can make nice for a few hours for the sake of everyone else."
“Well, you don’t need to be justifiably concerned about me. Women have been doing this for a long, long time and I’ve made it five months on my own, so—”
There was a long pause. "Yes," Captain Rogers said. His voice was softer than it had been with Bella. "It's been an eventful war."
Tony’s stomach tightened. Fury knew something, that was clear. There was unmistakable meaning in the way he’d said that people would talk, an unspoken warning in his eye. And he was right, of course. People were probably already talking about how Tony hadn’t been there to welcome the Barneses into the house himself. Tony had never really cared much for gossip, but he wasn’t a fool—even he knew how easily it could ruin people. And the last thing, the very last thing, he wanted was for anyone to realize how shattered his relationship was to the Barneses and to Captain Rogers. He let out a long breath.
"A strong, steady rhythm, I say." Dugan tapped the table in imitation. "When you can recite it and feel it as you do." At Farnsworth surprised side-eye, he scowled. "I do know
Tony had returned for the funeral, of course. He had half-expected his father to demand for him to stay. But his father had been wan and silent, utterly at sea. He hadn’t even seemed to recognize Tony. He didn't said a single thing when Tony left only a week later, and he hadn’t sent any letters even though Tony had graduated his course nearly two years ago and had decided to stay on for his master’s with only a note to Obie to let anyone know what he was doing.
He shifted from one foot to the other, ignoring the way his side throbbed. "It sounds like you've got some kind of idea on what I should do instead."
Tony straightened, ready to say no, but the movement pulled at his ribs and he spasmed with pain. He scowled.
He gestured and Toomes followed him back into the room, taking in Harley's miserable face with an annoyed grimace. Tony didn't sit and, after a speculative glance, neither did Toomes. They lingered on either side of the table, staring each other down.
"You're never going to find someone better than Steve," he said at last. "He deserved more from you, Stark."
The real answer was no, of course, but Pepper's indignant face was funny. Tony pretended to consider it and watched with well-hidden amusement as she got redder and redder.
Fury made an unhappy sound. “I  knew that damn school was a waste of money. I don’t know why I let Bella talk me into it.”
She agreed with a laugh and they started off. Tony waited and stayed at the back of the party, safely out of sight from both Barnes and Captain Rogers. He made a face once he was sure no one was looking at him. Of all the ways to spend a morning, traipsing around having to watch Captain Rogers dote on Peggy was not his idea of a good time.
yes, that's me." Disconcerting to be known so quickly by a stranger in the forest. "I don't suppose you'll give me the pleasure of
Yinsen closed his bag with a snap. “We’ll have to travel back quickly,” he said. “Let me get my horse.”
Peggy's mouth pursed. "They have some strange ideas about you, Lord Stark," she said. "I'm sure they'll learn the truth of it once you actually meet."
"You're right, of course," he told Pepper, because the last thing he needed was for her to worry endlessly about it and better still if she thought he was dealing with things much better than he actually was. "I'm sure we'll be fine." Then, with a wink, he added, "But I'm still going to be over here, thinking earthquake-like thoughts."
