“I love you too, Dean, always,” Castiel promised in his gravel-laced voice, thick with emotion.
For some reason, Dean felt sort of exposed. He tried to shake it off with his usual flippancy.
“Get out.” The words were growled out and Dean’s heart shattered into tiny shards at the look in his husband’s icy-blue gaze.
When Castiel and April decided to go away for school instead of stay in Michigan, they'd made a deal. They would put their relationship on pause, and be open to new experiences in college. It had made him nervous, at first. Dating wise, all he knew was April. She was his first everything, and the thought of doing anything intimate with a stranger was daunting. April was excited, but Castiel was intimidated. April had no problem acclimating to college life, and college boys, whereas Castiel was just excited to make new friends.
For a moment, Dean could only ogle. "You mean to tell me there's another one of you out there looking all-"
. Helping people with his gift, it wasn't just a job; it was who Castiel was. Dean would never make him choose between that part of himself and Dean's peace of mind, but
“Ooh, the suspense,” and damn if Castiel didn’t chuckle at the sweet sound of his mother’s voice.
"I miss my mom. We're very close, she and I. My Dad, he died when I was seven. I don't really remember much about him, just that for my mom, the sun rose and set for him. My brother, Jimmy-"
He said the words in his head in Dean’s smooth drawl and groaned.
“By mother-henning you the way you do for a family that you love,” Eileen said and Castiel could only grunt around his mouthful of PB&J. He knew she was right. Dean didn’t show his love and affection so much with words as he did actions. Like the way, he knew to stock up these crackers because for some reason, bread still had too many molecules. And the way he always made sure there were extra fuzzy socks in the bureau for him because since the process of falling began, Castiel’s aversion to temperature had made itself drastically known with cold toes against Dean’s warm bowed-legs at night. And, if he admitted it, Dean showed his feelings by suggesting after Cas’ near-miss with a Pishtaco, that he'd rest up and continue with the cataloging of the endless amounts of cursed or useful artifacts housed in the immense bunker.
"Cas," Dean murmured, dragging his lips away, only to tip his head back on a sigh as Castiel's lips attached themselves to his clavicle, sucking and licking all the way up to his neck. When Cas began to mark the sensitive spot beneath Dean's ear, he all but melted into the man's arms, unashamed of his quiet moan.
“I want that, too. Believe me,” Castiel groaned, head tipping forward to rest against Dean’s chest. Dean bent down and pressed a kiss to Cas’ head, and they took a moment to calm their heart rates and libidos down. They were both a little shaky when they drew apart, walking into the store, single file. Dean branched off at the first aisle and headed straight for the coffee, grateful to find a fresh pot nearly finished brewing. While he waited, Dean grabbed a cellophane-wrapped danish and a bag of jolly ranchers.
"Jack, what's in North Cove?" Dean murmured quietly.
“Are these homemade pornos?” Even the question had his breath quicken and Castiel had to force himself to relax.
Focusing on the familiar lyrics, eventually, Castiel came back to himself, though his breathing was still a bit ragged. Pushing himself away from the window, Castiel calmly turned the coffee table back over, wincing at the deep crack in the leg. Castiel spent the next half an hour cleaning up the mess he’d made for himself and made a pile of the bills on the table to be dealt with later. It was too much right now. Everything was too much.
“Hi there, handsome. I’m Lilith,” the woman was saying, voice dripping with honey. “Are you drinking alone tonight?”
"Oh, Dean," he began, consolingly,  "I never lose."
When Castiel awoke on Saturday morning he was oddly calm. Despite the impending monumental reunion, he felt good.  He turned his head and watched as the sunlight made patterns across Dean’s freckled back. Ah, yes, his main reason for feeling so at peace was snoring softly on the pillow next to him.
Despite helping Castiel drink three bottles of wine, Dean was wide awake. Cas had fallen asleep against his shoulder during an episode of
“And you,” Sam said with a smirk. “Try not to puke, pass out, or make a scene or anything once you’re on the plane. Actually, I’m surprised I haven’t heard any rants about flying metal death traps yet.”
But despite Castiel’s sleepy little mind teaser, things returned to fairly normal once they returned from the Widower’s campout. Sure, Castiel had been extra tactile since they returned. Lingering shoulder pats, knees rubbing against each other on the couch when they watched
“I can take care of myself you know,” Dean added, unaware of the new flood of memories rushing through Cas' brain. “I’m no damsel in distress. I’ve been doing it my whole life but I let it slide this time because Michael was a total douche canoe. If you didn’t hit him I would have. I was really surprised he didn’t threaten to press charges,” Dean mused and Castiel snorted in derision.
"I don't know. I guess comfort? After my mom died, my dad never really came back from it. Let the grief bury him. I started working in the kitchens to help pay for Sam's school and because I love the atmosphere. Your fellow chefs are like your family, you know? Plus, I love to eat." Dean grinned widely, aiming to steer the topic out of such deep territory.
It was the last bearable weekend of the summer.
"I'm a professor. It's my job to have answers, " he deadpanned, happy when Dean laughed.
“You think so?” There was hope in Sam’s voice, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“I was thinking about proposing,” Sam said, shocking Dean, and Cas as well if his gasp was anything to go by. “But now I... I need some time to think… to think about things. I guess I could use a few weeks of escaping reality before shit gets real, you know?” Sam finished with a somewhat panicked grin and Dean and Castiel exchanged glances again.
"Please.
“Dean, oh-” Emmanuel gently pulled at Dean’s hair, urging him off and up. When Dean’s mouth slotted over his, he tasted the lingering flavor of himself mixed with cherries. “Wanna come inside you,” he whispered, grinning when Dean mewled into his mouth.
“I sense there’s a story there,” Charlie remarked, offering a bag of honey roasted cashews to Castiel.
“Hey, there, handsome. Welcome back.” Meg’s voice was soothing and Dean watched Cas’ eyes dart between her calm face and Dean’s.
tell you to stop, you're going to find us some off the beaten path road to hide this beast
“I wasn’t the only one she lied to, Dean.”
.” Dean’s laugh was bittersweet and Emmanuel wondered if it was the same stuffed bee that sat in the behind the register of the bakery.
Castiel was glad Dean had surprised him with this trip. He supposed it was a bit cliche, clearing your mind in the great outdoors, but there was definitely something to it. Bobby’s cabin was a few hours outside of Hunter Springs on a quiet lake. John had dragged them hiking  and stargazing, too, and Castiel felt like he was in astronomy class when Bobby told legends of the constellations.  Castiel, Dean, and Sam listened as they licked chocolate from their fingers and chugged Bud Light.
The sound of footfalls shook Dean out of his self-pitying, and he scowled when he saw Michael emerge from the dark, flower-lined path.
"We're at Walmart," Alistair sneered. "I don't doubt we could find something I could talk you through. "
Dean sat in a reserved spot near the front of the stage.   Dean gave a little salute to Chuck and Cas, and his husband tossed him a wink that was more adorable than sexy and he couldn’t help his besotted grin if he tried. This convention marked the start of their vacation and their one year anniversary.  They’d been married on the beach in mid-August in a sunset ceremony. It was easily the best day of Dean’s life and he was not ashamed to admit that he had cried during their vows. Benny’s restaurant had catered the wedding reception, clambake style, complete with a bonfire, fireworks, s’mores, and few drunken escapades into the icy water.
“I’m very glad.” Jimmy’s voice was rough like sandpaper and Dean squeezed their entwined fingers tightly. Tingles of electricity coursed through him leaving him slightly breathless.
"Are you kidding? It was perfect. You're perfect, Cas," Dean pressed a lingering kiss to Cas' mouth, lips dry and clinging, before pulling back. "We gotta clean up," Dean awkwardly tugged his pants up one-handed, leaving them undone for now, and Castiel followed suit.
Dean closed his eyes and tried to focus because the longer he sat there, trussed up like a turkey, the more his attraction to this—
Castiel had expected their first time like this to be a fast and furious coupling born of years of unrequited feelings and desires, but he had been wrong. Castiel should have known better; Dean was a nurturer, a giver, and he worshipped Castiel’s body with skillful fingers that trailed up and down his flank and skated over his tummy. Those same fingers drifted up to tug at Cas’ kiss-swollen nipples, making his breath hitch on a whimper. Castiel’s dick was at attention, weeping from the head, but when he went to give himself a slow stroke, his hand was batted away.
"You caved?"
Dean shrugged, trying to be nonchalant, but Castiel could see him fighting back an excited grin. “Well, it
“Thank you,” Castiel breathed against Dean’s lips as he angled down for a kiss. Cas shifted his legs apart a little wider, abdominal muscles quivering when his cock pressed against the warmth of Dean’s stomach. He gasped, and their lips parted,  Castiel tilting his head back and enjoying the feeling of Dean’s lips trailing across his jawline and down to his adam’s apple. Cas swallowed when he felt the flick of Dean’s tongue against his pulse point. He heard the snick of the cap being popped open and sighed deeply when he felt Dean’s fingers trail down his ass and part his cheeks. A lube-slick finger circled his hole, and Castiel groaned as Dean pushed in up to his knuckle. Cas’ head fell forward into the crook of Dean’s neck, and he inhaled sharply. His arms wrapped tightly around Dean’s neck as he moved softly, against his breaching fingers.
"I had a vision."
“Hand it over, and I might let you live.” Castiel’s voice was sandpaper rough, and Dean’s eyes drifted to the stubble on his friend’s cheeks, imagining it would be equally so. Noticing Castiel staring at him expectantly, Dean handed him his coffee and shoved at his knee. Castiel shifted so Dean could sit on the edge of the bed, sipping his own coffee, strong and black.
“-ean? Dean? Earth to Dean?” Sammy’s exasperated voice jarred Dean out of his musings and he avoided Castiel’s concerned eyes. It was a bad habit of his, daydreaming about his best friend and roommate. Almost as bad as being in love with the guy for nearly four years.
that invitation truly was. It took Castiel a moment to recognize what was happening. He was
Castiel didn’t realize he was holding his breath until Dean let out a breathless laugh.
Castiel swallowed past the lump in his throat at Dean’s statement, not realizing quite how much he needed to hear it until the words were spoken out loud.
“I don’t even like thinking about that night, Cas,” Dean started as he ladled out the soup into the bowls to cool, the fragrant broth making his stomach growl. Dean peeked in the living room, then regretted it when he saw his brother and Gabriel making out while they pretended to watch Guy’s Grocery Games. Shuddering, he turned back to Cas only to find him impossibly close, socked feet toe to toe with Dean’s.
"Plus, it's kinda hard to be inconspicuous when you're handcuffed to someone else," Dean said, lifting the hand attached to Jack's and giving it a little shake. He supposed he should feel grateful; better to be held hostage by the
Dean cut him off with a kiss, which Castiel met eagerly, a soft, sensual play of lips that never failed to melt Dean’s brain.
s, and still Dean and Gabriel remained statues.
Castiel nudged Dean’s knee with his own as they sat shoulder to shoulder with some baking show on in the background.
“Yeah. Yeah, that sounds perfect.”
It was nearly Valentine's Day, and since their anniversary had been a spectacular wash this year, Dean and Castiel were taking off to Rufus’ cabin for the weekend, for some snow tubing, ice fishing and making love by a crackling fire.
Emmanuel found him exceedingly charming. “As for my work, I’m a writer.”
The bed creaked softly as they moved. Dean ran his warm palm along Cas’ thigh, bending his head to kiss at the sensitive skin there. Cas’ muscles trembled, and Dean gently brought his leg down.  Dean slipped out of Cas’ body, slowly, and urged him onto his side. Castiel sighed happily as Dean pressed against Cas’ back, hitching Cas’ leg over his own. Dean sank back into Castiel’s tight channel, dragging sucking kisses up his neck as he set a lazy rhythm.
“I’m sorry for your loss.”
When they arrived back home, Emmanuel called the shower first, going straight to Dean’s bedroom and stripping as he padded into the adjoining bathroom. Dean unpacked their bags, making a pile for the laundry and stashing their clean clothes in the drawers. Emmanuel had stopped using the guestroom after his first nightmare and that week Dean had mentioned turning it into an office for him to write instead, earning him a wicked smile and out of this world blow job.
Castiel barked out a laugh as the two of them high-fived, sparing a sympathetic look at Rowena, who would no doubt be the one dealing with a regretful Sam tomorrow.
“Jimmy? Are you okay?” Dean couldn’t help asking, the words literally slipping out without thought.
“Cas? It’s our first dance as husbands, and you’re, like, hypnotized by the fire. What’s going on?” Dean rubbed Cas’ sides as though trying to warm him up. “Wait. Wait. Are you having a Star Wars moment?
“Not too much, a couple of B&E’s and the Sands /Swallow case. Sands wound up taking the plea, and they lessened the charge from aggravated assault to simple.”
They crossed over into Pennsylvania, and Dean's jaw cracked as he yawned.
Now, Castiel would probably find these little incidents humourous, if they weren't always tailored to whenever Dean was home. Castiel, who was only teaching one early morning course this summer, was home by himself the majority of the day and insisted she only ever came over after Dean’s Impala roared up the driveway.
“And have people look at us like we’re crazy?” Dean asked, playing along. “Naw, this is a personal quest only. And hey, even if we don’t see a Sasquatch, there’s always the Spector moose.”
“Just after eight, sunshine. For once, I was up before you. Captain health nut over here already took a jog around the whole campground.”
“We have our own jacuzzi anyway,” Dean said from behind him as Castiel took in the open floor plan in front of him.
“That’s your Uncle Jimmy’s kids,” Dean said and Castiel gasped.
Dean sighed. Charlie was right, Castiel was all of those things and more. But he was also newly out of the closet, and Dean had been down that road before.
“What’s the matter?” Castiel cocked his head, observing the unspoken self-blame in Dean’s voice that was almost palpable.  “You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” Castiel realized, dejectedly. “By what, my love? From your guilt?”
“Wait, Dean—” Celeste—no,
“So, I’m about to head upstairs and hit the shower. I gotta swing by my mom and Becky’s to pick up the mail. Figure you can get ready while I’m gone and I’ll meet you back here at five?” Dean’s face was a mixture of nervous excitement and Emmanuel found himself grinning widely over his coffee cup. He was about to suggest just running to his mother’s together when Meg suddenly burst out laughing.
Cuddling, movie nights, quiet talks about the future. Love; unconditional, true, and eternal.
“Move here. There’s nothing holding you back there, Cassie,” Gabriel pointed out.
“Get Comfy, Cas,” Dean said, gesturing to the sleeping bag, and Castiel sat, cross-legged, back against the outside wall of the light room, facing the dark horizon.  Lewis Capaldi crooned in the background, as the only station Dean could get in on top of the lighthouse, was a pop-rock station. Dean pretended to hate it, but Castiel had seen him bobbing his head to Truth Hurts by Lizzo on more than one occasion.
Like a whirlwind, Dean’s pseudo aunt flew through the kitchen after ruffling his hair. ”You tell Cas to call me if he needs anything, you got me?” It had been a few days since they all arrived home from Michigan, and Cas had been notably MIA.
“Cas! What the fuck are you doing, man?”
Dean opened the box with the boutonnieres, and took a deep breath. He pulled one out, glancing up almost shyly into Castiel's face. Endless blue stared back at him, lips still curved in a smile. Dean placed the box down onto the arm of the outdoor loveseat so he could use both hands to pin the rosebud to Castiel’s lapel.
It had been an enjoyable day, but Castiel was tired. It was a good tired, born of family and friends, delicious food, and just enough alcohol to have him feeling relaxed and loose. And
Gabriel snickered around his lollipop. “Ooh, can you swing through
It was stupid, but a possessive side Castiel didn’t realize he had thrilled at that knowledge. After a few moments, Dean’s breath calmed a bit, and Castiel began to carefully move his fingers in and out, adding a third finger. Dean began meeting Castiel’s gentle thrusts, sinking down on his fingers. Castiel crooked them, knowing what he was searching for, brushed against Dean’s prostate every time he pushed in until Dean was a sobbing mess, chasing a release Castiel wasn’t letting him have. Not yet.
Castiel stared at Dean incredulously, and he heard Donna snort a small laugh from the back of the room.
“You’re family, Cas. Where else would they be? They were on the flight right after mine. I sent them to your mother-in-law’s address, ” Sam said quietly, and Castiel blinked back tears, feeling both grateful and guilty.
, Castiel thought as he publicly leered at his husband,
“The party we were at… that was for us?”
“And thank you so much for that, Cas. I swear, no matter how well they’re cleaned, they always smell like coffee and vomit.”
“Hmm, what?”
Sam and Dean groaned at Castiel’s more than likely logic.
"Just because he sought out comfort like that doesn't mean he wasn't grieving, Dean," Castiel said, whiskey-soaked voice gentle and Dean could only grunt in response.
“No one interesting at the firm?” he asked lightly, and Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Dean said he could help me get into the lighthouse. I've been wanting to get pictures from the top ever since I moved here.”
Saturday finally came, and at lunchtime, Castiel wound up having a skype conversation with Daphne and her new boyfriend, Inias, from inside Inias' restaurant, the White Mountain Tavern. He looked a little envious as the pair shared a platter of loaded nachos.
Castiel lifted his chin. “I’m perfectly sane. But then, 94 percent of psychotics think they're perfectly sane, so I guess we have to ask ourselves, what is sane?”
“Keep the change,”  Emmanuel said, taking the pizza box with an outstretched hand and a quick smile before he shut the door in the pouting man’s face. Emmanuel wondered as he fumbled with the box and Dean’s wallet, cursing as it hit the floor, if Dean was aware of Aaron’s little crush.
“When I was a kid, I never wanted to go anywhere far in case Castiel came back and I missed him.  I
“I’m quite alright, thank you.”
, despite both of their experience.  No words were spoken as strong fingers massaged scalps with cheap 2-in-1 Pert Plus.
Castiel casually shrugged, and Dean, who had been so focused on the man himself, finally noticed that Castiel was carrying a nice looking black camera, different than the small silver digital Dean had seen him playing with during the doubles league.
“Oh, I understand,” Dean arched a brow. “Cas has never been a fan of yours and you were afraid that if me and him got together then your free ride would be over. So, what was your plan, huh?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, scratching his dog’s ear and feeling a warm glow as Sam pulled Cas into a big bear hug. “I guess they do.”
"It's a lot of mesh," he said finally, and Dean let out a peal of laughter, and Castiel wished he could always make Dean sound so delighted.
Dean and Gabriel both groaned. “Fuck this, I’ll find the booze myself,” Gabriel huffed, taking off down an aisle.
Unfair.
Dean tossed his head to the side on the pillow as Castiel’s mouth latched onto the skin of his neck. Cas sucked and nipped, grunting his satisfaction with each jet of his hips. It felt so good to be like this again, Dean didn’t even have words to describe the feeling. It was like finally being whole again, and he wasn’t even aware he was crying until Castiel stilled in his body. Cas braced over him and began to brush Dean's tears away with his thumbs.
they get there so I can be waiting. Please."
“Could you describe the shooter for me?” Dean noticed that angel-face did not seem surprised by the news of the woman’s death, though his attractively stubbled jaw tightened when Dean spoke of it.
“Very much so,” Castiel said eagerly. He’d been waiting so patiently, but inside he had barely been able to contain himself. Castiel was self-aware enough to know he was a little obsessed, and also self-aware enough to know that he just didn’t fucking care. Dean needed this push. He’d be angry for a bit, but Castiel suspected it would be more for show than anything else. He was counting on it.
Castiel’s fingertips brushed along Dean’s jawline, feather-light, moving down Dean’s throat to the dip of his collarbone. Castiel tugged at the soft fabric of Dean’s teeshirt and without a word, Dean reached down and tugged it over his head, tossing it behind him on the floor of the hallway. Castiel’s eyes feasted on Dean’s firm chest, the barely-there hair and golden freckles making his mouth water. Dean snagged Castiel’s tie, pulling him in even closer, releasing the blue silk to start undoing his buttons. Castiel settled his broad palm against Dean’s bare skin, and his breath hitched at the wide-eyed look Dean spared him as he looked up from Castiel’s now open shirt. Dean looked like he was staring at something beautiful, and Castiel’s heart tripped and stumbled in his chest. He’d never had anyone look at him the way Dean did and it was overwhelming. Castiel closed his eyes to the vulnerable feeling and took Dean’s mouth in a kiss that was a bit rough, nipping on his perfect bottom lip, once, sharply, before pulling away. Castiel gripped Dean’s hand and dragged him the rest of the way to the bedroom.
Castiel laughed. “Thanks for the warning.”
Castiel nodded. “Good,” before settling his head down, closing his eyes, with a half-smile on his lips as he drifted off.
Cas saw the muscle tick in Cole’s jaw, saw the way he wanted to keep fighting but Dean’s firm countenance seemed to finally get through and he backed down.
"And this is all assuming that Washington is their destination. Based on what? The general direction of the car? Has Jack even ever mentioned the place to Jody? If he knew about some secret money, wouldn't he have said long before now?"
“I’m just saying maybe it’s not the ghosts scaring people off,” he murmured, and Castiel rolled his eyes heavenward, wishing for patience. Or a joint.
Even if he felt like he couldn’t fully breathe.
“Better than the purple disaster that was our high school reunion,” Castiel said, earning a chuckle from his husband.
A waitress came by to take their order. She informed them she would be on until ten, but once the band came on, they would need to go to the bar. He could feel eyes on him, and realized that there were a decent amount of people checking him out. It felt odd, but also flattering. Castiel had never been the object of such public admiration before. Dean, he noticed, also garnered quite a bit of attention, but only seemed to be watching Cas.
The last thing he remembered was Castiel running his fingers through Dean’s hair as they cuddled together on the couch. Dean pushed himself to seated, cocking his ear, recognizing Cas’ favored emo man-pain music playing softly. Dean noted that the door to the bedroom was left partially open. Castiel had been checking on him while he was sleeping. His stomach fluttered at the thought.
Dean brought the wine glasses into the kitchen and drank his glass of water standing up in the kitchen before going through his nightly lock-up routine. After the remarkable day he'd had, Dean thought he would have a hard time drifting off to sleep. Instead, after dragging himself upstairs, Dean collapsed onto his bed and was asleep before he'd hummed the first verse of
Dean got the fire crackling and started on the burgers and dogs when Sam went to meet Frank and Marv halfway. Castiel made his way over to Dean, embracing him from behind. Castiel hooked his chin over Dean’s shoulder, smiling when he felt him shiver against Cas’ body.
“How is this town real?” Castiel asked, with a shake of his head.
Wordlessly Castiel pushed off the wall to open a drawer on the sparse desk and rifled through until he found some printer paper and what looked like a keno pencil.
When he spoke, Gabriel’s voice was thick with emotion. “Yeah, buddy, of course. You guys have a great time, where are you going?”
“Yeah,  it’s time we start heading back. We’re only here for one more night, and we want to set up some trap cams in case whatever it was comes back,” Frank added, excitedly.
Castiel picked up his cell phone, checking for the reassuring red dot showing Dean was still traveling on I-94. His husband was in Ohio. Cas scanned the highway signs, groaning when he saw that they were still in Pennsylvania.
"I'm coming, Dean," Castiel murmured under his breath. "Hang on, my love."
“Castiel?” she whispered, “Baby?”
Castiel did so enjoy being right.
“Pizza will be here any minute, I’ll be quick,” Dean said, laughing when Emmanuel dragged him back for one more kiss.
“Cas, you know what I always told Sammy that I wanted? If we ever retired, if we got that break? The three of us, on the beach somewhere, with our toes in the sand. That never changed. Instead, we got more of the same, only less….apocolypsy. It wasn't the same without you.  And I was tired, Cas. “
“Thanks, Krissy,” Dean said, bacon already half-way to his lips.
“Those are my friends, you’ll have to excuse me,” Castiel said, and this time there was no argument.
“That’s because you don’t know how to do anything in moderation,” Gabriel laughed and Dean couldn’t refute it.
Castiel spent the rest of the afternoon and early evening in the hookah lounge, greeting customers and helping heat coals and making tea and coffee. It was near eight p.m. when Sam and his girlfriend Jo came in, staking their usual spot by the window that allowed them to watch the nightlife swarm by.  Jo was a sweet, feisty girl in school to be a chef. She was also the first girl Sam had dated since his girlfriend passed away. Twenty minutes or so later Charlie walked in with her latest crush of the moment. Last month it had been a pilot named Dorothy, three months before that, it was the belly dancer Dean hired to draw in the crowd midweek named Gilda. She’d quit when that relationship had gone up in smoke, much to Dean’s dismay. He’d only met this new girl once before. A shy baker named Kara. A little quieter than Charlie’s usual taste, but Castiel was reserving judgment.
“Holy shit, Cas. So what did she do, pretend to have a miscarriage?” When Castiel merely rose a brow, Dean whistled. “That is some epic soap opera bullshit right there, Cas.”
Well, that was a little disturbing. Had this man been at the school? Dean shifted his gaze to the boy sitting beside him, Jack's face somber and resigned.
“By putting yourself in danger? By making me watch
Castiel leaned back in his chair and crossed his ankle over his knee. His eyes met Dean’s and he made an exaggerated kissy-face, making Castiel laugh.
Dean's face was full of compassion as he listened to Castiel's story.
“Somethings wrong with Cas,” Dean said, grunting as he finished the second coat of wax on the Camaro. It had been slow going, but she was a thing of beauty now, and Dean would be tempted to keep the damn thing if it wasn’t going to sell for a good cause.
“Where do I start?” she sighed, painstakingly. “There is the woman who wanders the property. She has long, dark hair, and is always in a nightgown. I haven’t been able to find any pictures of Leticia Gore, but my guess is that it is her, because she is often found down by the water. Lady Anna has been seen by quite a few people, often moving up and down the stairs.”
“Seriously? That’s all you got for me?” Dean was getting riled up, cheeks flushing pink, and Castiel thought he was beautiful. He poked him a little more.
Taking a quick sniff, Dean correctly grabbed the bottle of
“More. Please, I can take more,” Dean whined and Emmanuel leaned forward to soothe him with a kiss, distracting him with long strokes of his tongue as he worked his way up to three, then four fingers.
“You’re right” Emmanuel leaned his head against Dean’s shoulder and felt the answering press of a kiss to his hair.  “How is his family now?”
It was late Saturday afternoon when they pulled into the Novak’s driveway in Pontiac, and it was no surprise that his parents were waiting for them out on their Farmer’s porch. Castiel felt a rush of love as his parents stood there, his dad’s arm slung across his mother’s slight shoulders. Anna Novak’s deep red hair was pulled back in a bun, and she wore a yellow summer dress that was embroidered with daisies.
“Sorry, Sammy. Cas and I…” Dean’s words trailed off, eyes meeting Castiel’s as the man arched a brow at him as if he was also waiting for an explanation.
— a choice that made Castiel very happy — when he blurted:
“She can be both,” Claire said, flippantly.
“Yeah. Yeah, we were pretty lucky. That first month after he was gone I snuck into Castiel’s bedroom every night. It was like, like I thought if I could just wake up in his room, then it would all be a dream and he’d be there next to me,” Dean sniffed and pinched the bridge of his nose as he gathered his emotions.  Emmanuel kept his hand locked in Dean’s, but rose from his chaise to join Dean on his, carefully easing down next to him.
“Like build me a cabin in the woods?”
Which meant there was no reason that Dean and Castiel had to continue to hold themselves back.
“Dean, I have had
Castiel smirked bitterly. “Wait until you hear the rest.”
Dean smiled as he saw two cats tussle playfully in front of him. They paid him no notice, and in a blink, they were gone. It should have been odd, but like everything else, the thought melted away like the water receding back to the ocean. It was tranquil and familiar, and it startled Dean when he saw someone suddenly jog past him.
Dean put his game face on and smirked. “Sorry, lady. I don’t have my little black book anymore. But I’m guessing it must not have been that memorable, because I am drawing a blank.”
“Tell me, Dean,” Castiel demanded. “Tell me what you want.”
"You know, Cas, eventually they're bound to ditch the car. It's not exactly a subtle vehicle," Gabriel said.
“What?” Dean folded his arms tight to his body as though to keep from fidgeting and a rasp of laughter escaped Cas’ lips.
Dean wrinkled his nose and Emmanuel couldn’t blame him. The less than desirable motel was definitely not his first choice but being summer in a beach town left him few options for vacancies and he hadn’t thought it would be this hard to find an apartment. Money wasn’t even an issue, there was just nothing available long term until September.
“I didn’t know they were going to be released into the pond,” Alex said awkwardly, and Dean got up from the table and came around to clap the boy on the shoulder.
Emmanuel had asked, remembering the way Dean had looked both fond and grossed out at the same time.
“So, what? Accounting was on your parents' list of approved jobs for a church boy?”
"Fuck! Fuck, I- Dean
“Venison stew. Rich and gamey enough to hide an off-flavor.  I watched as they dragged our bodies out to the barn and set it on fire.”
“I can guarantee you, that is never something I mind.” Dean didn’t get any further as he swiftly had a lap full of hard muscle and exploring lips as Castiel straddled him, caging Dean's legs with strong runners thighs and invading his mouth with his slick, questioning tongue.
Castiel expected to be plagued with dreams when he finally crawled into bed that night, after all of the stories and pictures. Instead, as he cocooned himself in soft blankets, surrounded by the scents of apple, cinnamon, and leather, he drifted off feeling safe and more eager than ever to get to know Dean on an even deeper and possibly more intimate level.
Castiel’s hands dragged down Dean’s sides, thumbs catching in the waistband of Dean’s shorts, teasingly. Then, drifting up, he tugged on Dean’s shirt, slowly lifting it up his chest. Dean raised his arms without question, and allowed the soft fabric to be pulled up and over his head. Dean urged Cas to do the same, and he shivered as their bodies met, skin to skin.
“What’s just a habit?” Sam asked as he got to the car.
“You wish. Uncle Cas is my favorite.”
Dean owned Huckleberry Hookah Lounge. The name was partly because of the many different fruit-flavored combinations of Shisha tobacco he offered, but mainly as a tribute to his friendship with Castiel. It had become a running joke ever since they got into all of Dean’s father’s westerns when they were eleven years old and first watched
Castiel scoffed at that logic, taking a sip of his own beer and grabbing the bag of chips again.
“What are you doing?” Cas’ voice came out as a harsh whisper and Dean could only blink in surprise, a single tear escaping that he hastily brushed away with his palm.
"Whatever. Boyfriends cuddle, you know," Dean said, lightly and Castiel beamed.
“Can you tell us about some of the activity that you’ve experienced recently?” Sam asked, taking a cookie from the plate, despite Dean’s eyes comically bugging out in wordless warning.
was in love with him too — Emmanuel was feeling pretty damn fantastic.
. Of course. Not only was Cas gorgeous, but he also
—was at the hospital, recovering from knee surgery, and her phone had been turned off.
The thought of anything happening to Dean… it wrecked him.
“How long did we live with Gabriel and Sam? I’m trying to imagine it. Gabe and I annoy each other endlessly,” Castiel remarked, smiling his thanks when Krissy came back with two tall tumblers of orange juice.
“Um, yes?”
"Sheriff?"
Castiel sighed, "I
“Sam, it’s fine, I promise. I just… I felt like it was something I needed to do. He was living across from a strip joint, Sammy,” Dean said plaintively. “And it’s not like I don’t have the room.” It was true, Dean’s apartment was quite large. He wished the kitchen were bigger but it wasn’t like he couldn’t use the one downstairs in a pinch. Plus, he had a gorgeous roof garden that more than made up for it.
"Relax, Cassie," Gabriel said, noting his distress, "We'll catch up. They were stopped for a good two hours before they started moving again. I'm guessing Alistair had to let Dean sleep a bit. We'd have already overtaken them if it weren't for the work being done on the interstate," Gabriel side-eyed him. "I'm glad you were asleep for that, you would have been cursing up a blue streak if you'd been awake."
Then all thoughts drifted away as Castiel rubbed his stubbled chin along the soft skin of his ass cheeks. His husband was exceptional at many things, but rimming was definitely up there in his skillset. Castiel tongue fucked his hole with a single-minded focus, and with as much enthusiasm as he fucked his mouth. Licking and nipping at his pucker before sealing his mouth over the fluttering hole and sucking. Cas hummed against his rim, tongue darting inside and swirling, and wet obscene sounds had Dean’s dick kicking against his stomach. He vaguely heard the click of the bottle before fingers coated in lube replaced his tongue.
Alistair looked down and sneered. "Make it work," he said, opening the door himself. "Get in."
“Dean, come on.”
“ You and your air quotes,” Dean replied with a grin. “That’s Jesse Turner. He’s a sweet kid. His family lives on the first floor. His Uncle Frank is the town Librarian and a conspiracy theorist. You always call him one of the
“You gonna introduce me to your new friend, cher?” Benny asked Castiel was both amused and annoyed to watch Benny try to shift to an imposing height.
what he had been doing. The quick, brutal kiss against the door of the Impala, while they waited for Sam to check out, had been hot and needy, and left Dean feeling edgy and restless.
“I hate you,” Claire said as she stomped over to drag a chair next to Dean’s in front of the laptop.
When he finally sank down on Dean’s cock, they both let out deep moans of gratitude. Castiel rocked softly, arms anchored around Dean’s shoulders while he claimed his lips in a needy kiss. The intensity built between them, gathering like a wave; Castiel’s hips undulating with the same rhythm as his tongue, matching Dean stroke for stroke.
Castiel raised up on his knees, enough for Dean to lift his hips and shimmy his sweats past his ass. Castiel’s eyes drifted down to Dean’s leaking shaft and he licked his lips, groaning. In a flash, Castiel had risen, stripping his own sleep pants off, before settling back into Dean’s lap. Castiel’s head tipped back on a guttural moan as their cocks brushed against each other and Dean pressed forward to suck bruises into the skin of Cas’ neck. He worshipped the man writhing in his lap, sucking marks wherever his mouth could reach, fingers trailing up Cas’ chest and plucking at his nipples. Cas bit his pink bottom lip at the feeling, his own fingers digging bruises into the meat of Dean’s shoulders.
Dean rolled his eyes when he met Cas, and Sam-back from the bathroom-, already waiting, with water bottles and granola bars.
“I wasn’t going to send you home, Sam. I was going to ask you to stick around, just in case Kaia’s aunt gives us a hard time about keeping her here for a bit. You know you’re better at smoothing feathers than I am,” Castiel said. His lawyer brother in law had a gift for de-escalating situations, and Cas would rather be prepared, just in case.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Sam said,  indeed looking uncomfortable for intruding. “I just wanted to say goodbye and have a safe flight since I won’t see you guys before you leave,” Sam had work on top of classes and wouldn’t be able to drive Dean and Castiel to the airport. Luckily, Ash had volunteered to take them.
the crux of it.
Dean wasn’t the only one guilty, of course. Castiel could hardly keep his hands to himself when he saw Dean’s golden freckled skin. When he tipped his head back on a laugh, Cas had to fight the desire to settle himself on Dean’s lap and suck sumptuous kisses into the side of his neck.
Dean just turned back to him, pressing a smacking kiss to his lips. “Let’s go.”
The words had Castiel lighting up inside, like the illuminating flashes of a thunderstorm, quick and bright, and his heart hammered in his chest. The declaration ripped through him like a gale, and Cas’ hands scrambled to cradle Dean’s face as he claimed his mouth in a sultry kiss, intense and wet and slick.
“Well, I hope she enjoyed it while it lasted, love, because the only one allowed to see you in silk and satin is me,” Castiel growled possessively, and Dean laughed, standing up and stealing Cas’ plate to put in the dishwasher before his husband had a chance to. When he straightened up and turned around, Castiel was standing there, trenchcoat on and toe-to-toe with Dean.
“An invitation for a threesome?” Dean answered, and Castiel smacked his arm.
“I really don’t think angry sex is going to fix my mood, Dean,” Castiel said darkly, “I’m pretty sure I’d hurt you in this state and I’d never forgive myself if I broke your dick.”  Dean couldn’t help the disbelieving laugh only to stop when he realized Castiel was being completely serious. Dean didn’t doubt it, either. He and Castiel were fairly equal strength-wise; it was one of Dean’s favorite things. He loved that they were so evenly matched, physically. The sharp edges, the thick thighs, arms that Dean had no doubt could lift him up and pin him to a wall. It all coalesced into the most sinfully beautiful package that Dean couldn’t wait to worship for the rest of his lifetime; and planned on it.
"I'm fine. And I am so sorry. I know this probably brought up some rough memories of Balthazar."
The words had warmth washing over him like a wave and he fought the tightness in his throat that such a simple comment caused him.
“You good, baby?”
"But here's the thing," Castiel said, voice sharper now. "I'm not Leo. I'm not looking for a relationship because you're hot and I want to have sex and experiment. Sleeping around with different men, keeping my' options open' "Castiel air quoted and Dean couldn't help the soft bubble of laughter that escaped, "has no appeal for me. I'm not looking for meaningless, Dean. I'm not looking to tick off a checklist of who gives a better blowjob, or who gives me the best orgasm. I'm not worried that being with one person means I am somehow missing out on someone else's bedroom skills," There was frustration in Cas' gravelly voice as he tried to make his point.
Dean shot one last glance over at Castiel, eyes catching and locking as the man listened to Crowley on the phone. As much as Dean wanted this crazy night to be over, he was loath to tear his eyes from the man who had shaken up his existence. When Castiel silently mouthed the word
Castiel hummed in agreement, drawing back but joining their hands. He brought Dean’s knuckles to his lips and pressed a gentle kiss there, enjoying the besotted expression that overtook Dean’s face.  Fingers laced, they walked the garden path back towards the tables. “Just out of curiosity,” Castiel began mischievously, side-eying Dean sharply. “Were you ever going to tell me about you and Meg?”
Castiel had been having more memory flashes. It was like once the seal had been broken, the shards of his childhood were slipping through the cracks. He was filled with both warmth and sadness, which was confusing all on its own. To be both ecstatic for discovering there was a genuine reason for why he’d always felt out of place, to being devastated at being so betrayed, was exhausting. Castiel had a Dr.’s appointment scheduled at 10:00 a.m. to discuss what could have caused his memory loss. More than likely PTSD, but Castiel would feel better having some tests done, just in case there was any brain injury he wasn’t aware of.  He couldn’t imagine escaping this clusterfuck without some kind of therapy, either.
The only upside of this whole clusterfuck was Cas. When Castiel had strode up to Cole and punched him in the stomach, Dean had been shocked. But that shock soon turned into a crazy mix of pride, lust, and love. Castiel had come in like an avenging angel, blue eyes flashing with anger and wrath, and he was
Dean snorted, “Becky would have killed him if he bailed on their cruise for that.”
“Point taken,” Dean said, eyes on the road. “ I, however, have gotten better about it. Remember that douche at that club we went to with your co-workers? The one Charlie dragged me to? That asshat was all over you, and I just sat back and enjoyed the show while you verbally eviscerated him.”
"And my beloved is mine," Dean vowed back, tangling his fingers into Cas' dark, messy hair, before pulling him down into the sweetest kiss.
, he thought snidely.
"Stop it. Your hand smells like jolly ranchers," Castiel whined, and Gabriel merely crossed his arms.
“April and I were getting divorced,” Saying it out loud was like a weight being lifted. Castiel gaze slid to Dean’s for a second, gaging his reaction. Dean didn't look surprised, but he did appear sad.
.” it was said in such a way as to imply that they were implicitly
“Haha, I tripped over a pallet. Luckily, I had an angel in a trenchcoat looking out for me,” Dean said with a teasing wink and Castiel gazed back, fondly.
“How are you two still like that after all this time?” Jo asked, with a hint of wonder in her voice. Castiel knew that Jo and Sam were very much in love, but they had a vastly different dynamic than Cas and Dean, more apt to be seen teasing and slapping at each other, whereas Cas and Dean were the couple that had invading each other’s space down to a science. Years of being roommates, best friends, and now in their 7th year of marriage, lent a palpable intimacy, and Cas would be lying if he wasn’t awed by that profound bond and connection on the daily. There was a Thai poet named Lang Leav who wrote a poem called Souls that often made Castiel think his relationship with Dean, and Jo’s question brought it to mind now.
John leveled Dean with a steady stare. “It’s time to bring Cas on his first widower’s campout.”
“Since what, Cas?”
When Castiel threw his head back in laughter, eyes crinkling at the corners, lips wide and showing his teeth, Dean’s relief was palpable. Castiel laughed until he cried, tears of mirth eventually giving way to cathartic sobbing. Dean pulled Cas into his arms, his husband crawling into his lap, thick thighs bracketing his own as he cried into Dean's neck.
“Really?” Castiel deadpanned, " Something like this?" and this time when Daphne laughed, it was richer, warm.
“So the police were never able to prove who did what to whom definitely?” Sam questioned.
“From now on, call first. I could have been naked in the kitchen, for all you know,” Dean smirked, stabbing a piece of pancake and stuffing it in his mouth.
“I still don’t understand. Why didn’t you move on?” Castiel asked again, and Michael pinned him with a glare.
The silence was companionable as they ate, Castiel switching things up by grabbing the box of saltines that Dean had picked up for him and pulling out a sleeve.
“Don’t get mad when you’re making me out to be this fickle person who would just use you for sex, then move on? Sorry, Dean, but explain to me how that isn’t insulting?” Castiel growled as he crowded into Dean’s space on the couch, movie now long forgotten.
Dean nodded as he pondered. “Yeah. I guess that makes sense. It’s not like I was gonna bring anyone anyway.”
“So, seriously, what’s up with you lately? Why are you giving your dad such a hard time?”
“No, I’m sorry,” Castiel said gravely. “If it had been making noise, it stopped before I arrived.”
“I was more thinking brave. I could never just up and leave everything behind like that.” There was a wisp of sadness in Dean’s tone that Emmanuel wondered at.
“You’re such a doof.”
Dean leaned over the hood of the 1987 Ford, giving Castiel a fantastic view of his firm ass. Knowing what happened the last time Castiel surprised Dean while he was under the hood, he decided to remain a silent observer and save their night from ending at the hospital with a concussion like last time
The man released a loud bellow—” We were Victorious! A round of mead for my comrades,” he gave the bar a charming smile that lit up his already stunning face.
“Ha! My twisted brother and my vindictive whore of a wife met the fires of hell immediately. Sucked down through the cracks of the floorboards, right in front of me, flames licking at their ankles as they screamed.”
, even if it was pain. Michael wanted to live again. He didn’t just want to scare people out of his home. He didn’t want privacy or peace. No, Michael wanted to be flesh and blood, and he saw Dean as his ticket.
It was earlier than expected when they heard Sam’s car rumble into the driveway. Immediately, Castiel tensed, Gabriel and Dean moving to flank him. He could hear Sam telling them to just leave their luggage for now and head on into the house.
All three of them jerked when the phone at the desk began to ring. Dean wanted so badly to use the distraction to take Alistair out, but he had a gun, and God forbid Jack was hurt. Not to mention, with Dean handcuffed to Jack, it made kicking low-life ass much harder.
“How do we wanna do this, sweetheart?” Dean asked, barely concealed lust only overshadowed by the love, shining in his gorgeous grass-green eyes.
“Shows what you know. These things were not all that eighties movies would have you believe.”
"C'mon, Cas, that's my brother out there with some lunatic. I can't just sit by and—"
Just thinking about it again had that defeated feeling strangle in his chest. Dean had waited too long and now Castiel was interested in this
Fireworks burst behind him, but Castiel wasn’t tempted to look, not when he had his husband laid bare before him; skin flushed with arousal, freckles kissing his skin as his cock dripped prettily along his silky shaft. He couldn’t be blamed for bending down for a taste. Beneath him, Dean trembled, fingers clutching in Castiel’s hair. Cas’ tongue dipped into Dean’s slit, coaxing out more precum, and Dean whined, softly. When Castiel lifted his head, he was sure he looked a picture; hair mussed from Dean’s fingers and lips wet with Dean’s desire.
, Dean," Castiel growled impatiently.
Dean only laughed again, “
Dean couldn’t help but notice that Castiel seemed almost lighter. Maybe leaving really would do his friend some good. It was true, Dean didn’t see a lot of Castiel in this home, but maybe that was the point. Everything was April and that had to be hard. For some people who grieved, being surrounded by their loved oneʼs things was comforting; for others, it was just too damn painful.
Castiel appreciated the sentiment, but it wasn’t the kind of angry he was talking about.
Castiel felt right and at home in Dean’s presence. It was something he marveled at, even as it scared him, but this? This fire between them? It was like being hit by lightning, the immediate sizzling spark, the power as it gripped them, both unable to move anywhere but against each other. It was intoxicating. Castiel’s moan swallowed Dean’s as their tongues tangled, deep hums of pleasure escaped each time they had to pause for breath.
“Me too,” Sam said, with a little bitterness. “It sucks because I love her. And it’s not like we’re breaking up because one of us cheated, or was abusive, but what am I supposed to do? I’m going to be thirty-one soon. I can’t just stay in a relationship in the hopes that she’ll change her mind,” Sam said defensively, though no one was arguing with him.
“She sounds like a strong woman. It’s nice that she has your mother as well.”
“Yes, the only thing left in the house is the imprint of Anna.”
“Yes. It’s sweet and unexpected. Just like you, Dean. Now, tell me about my tattoo.”
It didn’t stop Dean from checking up on him, though. Thanks to Mildred, Castiel’s feisty elderly neighbor, Dean knew that Castiel was at least answering the door when the delivery guys showed. He counted it as a win when the “
“I’m here, aren’t I? Anyway, I had a contingency plan.”
, if that didn’t hurt like a son of a bitch.
“What was his name?”
“Thanks for looking out for me, bitch.”
"Show yourself," he demanded, voice gritty like sandpaper. "If you think you can take what's mine, you are sorely mistaken. Show yourself!" this time, he shouted, loud in the stillness of the night. Castiel was done playing.
On Sunday he stayed up until he couldn’t keep his eyes open, hoping when he passed out, he would be too tired for nightmares.
Gabriel’s brows rose in surprise. “You’re not hitting that yet?”
“Want you to fuck me,” Dean gasped up, surprising Cas as he surged up to sitting. “Want you to, but I don’t think, I don’t think—
Their gazes met and Dean was undone in by the naked love and need shining in the depths of Cas’ ocean eyes. Their lips met again, feverishly and Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth as he felt their cockheads, slick with precome, rubbing together. Dean’s hand crept between them and wrapped his palm around both of their lengths, and the throaty growl Castiel let out nearly tipped Dean over right then and there.
Dean’s arm reached back, fisting into Castiel’s hair as he tugged. Castiel took the hint, leaning down again to claim Dean’s mouth in a filthy kiss that was more tongue than anything else. Slotted against each other, Castiel felt complete; at home, and the feeling of being so in sync physically and emotionally brought tears to his eyes.
“What? How easy this seems?  Yeah, buddy, it’s a little weird.” Jimmy laughed at Dean’s blunt honesty. “I don’t… ,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck as he thought back on his conversation with Sam. “I don’t have close friends,” he said, repeating his brother’s words.  “I’m friendly and I get along with most folks but I don’t…” Dean shrugged a little helplessly.
"Just watch the road and keep driving."
"How's your head feel?"
“Hey, Cas, how mad do you think Dean will be if we drive by a KFC without stopping for one of those donut and fried chicken sandwiches,” Sam joked quietly,  as Castiel rifled through the glove compartment for another tape. Castiel just stared at him, unimpressed.
"You're pretty good, Cas," Dean said when it was finally his turn.
“The funny thing is,” Marv was saying when Dean finally dragged his gaze away from Cas’ lips, “ We weren’t even Squatching this weekend. We actually just finished taping our YouTube series for the season.”
“So, tell me. What kind of pictures do you like to take? Are we talkin’ Glamour Shots here, or something artsier like, I don't know, bumblebees on a rose petal?”
“He’s the best,” Castiel replied and Michael laughed, no doubt because of the stars that Castiel was sure were shining in his eyes.
Dean slept through the alarm when it went off in the early morning.  Castiel shut it off, quickly, and took a moment just to observe him. They’d shifted in the night, Dean’s forearm was now resting over his brow, and his lashes fluttered lightly against his skin. Castiel grabbed his camera and took a few shots of Dean slumbering in the pre-dawn light.
“He really can, Cassie,” Balthazar said over a mouthful of pancakes.
“Since I’m here already, and everything, maybe I should just move in now,” Dean’s mouth ghosted over Castiel’s stubbled cheek, and Castiel turned his face until their eyes met, lips a hairsbreadth apart. There was excitement and mirth shining in Dean’s eyes and joy bloomed in Castiel’s chest.
“Look at you,” Cas’ voice was all sandpaper and smoke. “Kneeling so pretty for me.” Dean sighed as gentle fingers began to card through his hair, then drifted down to cup his cheek, thumb rubbing gently.  A light squeeze on Dean's jaw hinted for him to look up and he was met with ocean eyes, stormy with need, lust, and love.
“God, how embarrassing,” Dean said, painfully.
“Cas had you research me and you found out who I was. Pretty excessive, though, don’t you think? You really needed my Moondoor screenname? What, you got my social security number too?”
"Yeah, she. She said:
"I meant aside from us, and Charlie, obviously," Dean said, pulling a medium-sized bowl from the shelf against the wall. Once he'd collected himself, keeping his hands busy by whisking three eggs with some milk.
“At work?” she asked, raising her brows playfully, and Dean rushed to clarify.
Dick, of course, was working, which left Eve conversing with Dean and Cas' new elderly neighbor Mildred.
Dean grinned at him brightly. “I’ll have Sam bring the truck.”
“Hey, Deano,” Meg interrupted with a sultry look at Castiel. “When can I check out your new digs?”
It suddenly occurred to Castiel that it was lighter outside than it should be. It was then that he noticed that Eve and Dick’s back porch light was on.
Rowena let out a shaky sigh. “As I mentioned, I constantly feel watched, but lately, sometimes… I don’t know, I'm just really angry and frustrated. I’ll be off the property all day, and I will feel fine, but as soon as I step one foot across the drawbridge, all of that changes. I become stressed, irritated, and downright furious, for no explicable reason. The housekeeping staff, as well, they often hear doors opening and closing, they hear children playing…”
The word had plagued him when they first returned. Good?
"No, no, no. Can't you see it?" Castiel stared, hypnotized as the light from the low-hanging lanterns hit the man's short spiky hair, teasing out red, gold, and caramel in the burnt honey strands.
They passed a bouncer on the way in, pushing through double doors. Nearly half of the left-side wall was claimed by a long black bar, and the floor was an industrial grey carpet that stopped once it met the hardwood dance floors. A stage housed a DJ, and the pulsing music and strobe lights were honestly a little much. Castiel was surprised that Dean seemed to take it all in stride, bobbing his head to the repetitive
Castiel looked over at his husband, smiling with affection as he danced with Jo and Charlie on the dance floor of the Roadhouse. Ellen slid an arm around his waist, leaning into him.
“Cas, you thought she was pregnant. You were trying to do the right thing,” Dean protested and Castiel loved him for defending him. And there was the crux of it. He loved Dean. Had loved Dean, and no matter what he told himself back then, after months of therapy, Castiel could admit that yes, April had lied, many, many times. But so had he.
A euphoric feeling of relief overtook Dean's body as Castiel growled from behind him, voice sandpaper rough and unforgiving. He started to shake with tremors, vaguely aware of Gabriel reading Alistair his rights. Dean couldn't help it; he bent over and vomited quite spectacularly.
"No," Alastair sneered. "He says he's found God and wants to accept his punishment. Those of us left in the wind beg to differ."
Soundlessly, Castiel traveled out the door. Everything was dimmer, quieter. He glided along the lantern-lit corridor, through the shadows cast by the moonlight. He paused at the top of the staircase, noting the image of Anna, poised at the window. When she turned towards him, her expression was vacant. She wasn't even aware he was there. As he suspected, Anna was nothing more than a residual ghost, an imprint of a memory. Castiel joined her at the window, and he inhaled sharply when the woman by the water met his gaze head-on.
“Hi, El, bye El,” Sam said with a laugh, closing the door behind her. “Where is she off to? I thought we were doing brunch?”
“What?” Castiel asked, schooling the defensiveness out of his tone and Sam just shook his head.
Castiel zoned out the rest of the conversation, focused on the road ahead of him and
Castiel was saved from an argument about it by Dean. His best friend, his savior at this moment, flashed April’s mother his most charming smile, promising that over the weekend, he would personally help Castiel pack up her daughter’s things and have them ready to ship home to her.
“Castiel,” he introduced himself politely and scanned the beach again for any sign of Sam and Rowena.
Castiel rocked his hips, fingers still fisting Dean’s hair, the little tugs sharp and only heightening the desire curling in Dean’s belly. His own balls were drawn up tight, dick hard against his stomach and throbbing. Dean knew it would only take a few strokes for him to come and avoided the temptation of touching himself by trailing his fingers up the back of Castiel’s thighs until they reached his ass. Castiel spread his legs without urging, and Dean moaned again, a depraved sound that Castiel echoed when the vibrations sang down his cock. Dean’s fingers of his left hand delved between Castiel’s ass cheeks, brushing over his loose and puffy hole, gently; tapping and pressing at the rim in a way that had Castiel giving quick, shallow thrusts into Dean’s mouth. When Dean slipped a digit inside, Castiel gasped, thrusting forward, hard, and Dean swallowed, reflexively. A ragged groan clawed its way out of Castiel’s throat as without warning, he started to orgasm, powerfully. Dean continuously rubbed at Castiel’s prostate and found himself drinking more salty spend as Castiel’s body shuddered again, his whole body shaking like a leaf in a hurricane. Dean was hard as a rock as he finally let Cas’ cock slip from his lips and slid up his body. Castiel immediately looped an arm around Dean’s neck and one leg hooked around his waist, freehand coming between them to grip Dean’s dick firmly. Castiel kissed him greedily, tongue sweeping inside Dean’s mouth, seeking his out. Cas’ thumb brushed over the wet head of Dean’s cock, and he whimpered against his lips. Castiel pulled back enough to look into Dean’s eyes, and Dean could see love, lust, and satisfaction blazing in their depths. Castiel dipped his head to the crook of Dean’s neck and sucked a bruise into the skin there as he began to jerk Dean off at a furious pace, bringing him to that perfect, delicious edge.
Claire looked up, eyes shining. “
"Such is life, Cas. When you love someone, you worry. And you don't exactly have a normal job."
Dean didn’t pretend to not understand what Castiel meant and he sucked in a breath and blew it out in a long
“Get up on the bed, on your hands and knees.”
"Goodnight, Dean," Castiel murmured, face already buried in the pillows, and Dean turned off the light.
“We’re all headed out if you want to say goodbye, what with you being the host and all,” she said sarcastically.
“I’m not gonna lie; I’m more excited about the summer lemon-berry pie Ellie made than the salted caramel cake. We should have had a cake made out of pie.”
“Who are you? How do I know you?” There was a slight panic in Dean’s voice, and he tried to push it down. The salty breeze tousled his hair, and the water seemed to shimmer even brighter, enough for Dean’s eyes to sting with tears. What was he doing here again? His mind felt blank. There’d been a reason. A plan. What was his plan?
Castiel seemed to sag into Dean at the words and he wasted no time gathering him close. His eyes scanned the room, and Dean saw that he was not the only one struggling for composure.
“Come on. We have an entire chocolate banana cream pie at home,” Castiel reminded him with a laugh and Dean’s eyes lit up.
“It wasn’t until Daphne and I broke up that I understood.”
Dean let out a bark of laughter at the dry delivery. “I’m betting they debated a while before even sending it out,” Dean said, then rubbed at the crinkle between Cas’ eyes with his thumb as the man peered at him in question. “Cuz July is like, a month and a half away. Isn’t that cutting it close on invites? So? You gonna go, or what?” Dean asked again.
moye serdtse: my heart
“Anyway,” Dean deflected, “ When Grandpa Henry died, he left the place to me.”
“Go sit, you siren, and eat your bagel.”
, I know. I remember having to sneak to watch it when I was a teenager.” Dean merely nodded at Cas’ words, the information probably not news to him.
"$300 a night?" Castiel said, hiding his grin at Dean's pout.
know the percentage of people with weapon-wielding Nikes there were in your average South Shore package store.  “A lot more than the news lets you in on, that’s how fucking much. Just last month some asshole down at The Roadhouse was found concealing a small firearm in her high heel.”
“No, no, it’s not because I don’t want you there. God, I would love nothing more than to have you there. It’s just… I don’t want to look like I’ve been pining away out here and that I’m so pathetic I needed to bring my best friend with me because I couldn’t get a date.”
“Like what you see?” he asked with a cheeky grin, knowing full well that he did, seeing as how Castiel had given his husband a very enthusiastic blowjob before they left the hotel room to join this swanky party.
Emmanuel was debating on whether he could lift Dean up onto the counter when the music abruptly stopped and an amused voice filled the room.
“Sam said your abductor's name was Bridget Kelley.  As far as he can trace back, it was a case you had a few years ago. Her last known address was what clued him in. As far as Sam can recollect, the two of you were hunting a  witch who had been sacrificing teens for a ritual she thought would grant immortality, and apparently, you had the kill shot. Sam remembers an orange tabby.” Castiel said before taking a healthy bite of the bacon cheddar cheeseburger Dean had prepared for them. His grace had been significantly drained while healing his hunter and he wondered if this was the beginning of it burning out.  He took a swig from his beer bottle tasting the flavor more than the molecules and studied the man before him; his beautiful eyes the color of soft moss, the play of freckles scattered over the bridge of his nose and Castiel unequivocally deemed him worth it.
Charlie, having tuned into the conversation, choked on her iced ginger peach tea. “Free honey for bears?”
“You mean because she has breasts, and that’s something I can’t offer you?” Castiel asked bluntly, and Dean shrugged.
“Did you see we got something from the Romans?” Castiel felt himself scowl, just saying their names. It was like living next to Mrs. Kravitz. The blatant gawking had tapered off and morphed into sappy behavior, such as cooing whenever she saw Castiel and Dean together. His husband thought it was hysterical. Cas found it annoying.
"Well, I thought you'd like to know that Alistair is dead. He went into cardiac arrest mid-transport."
Dean was so giddy, he honestly didn’t think he could fall asleep. Dean had gained so much tonight, despite the loss of an old friend, and he felt euphoric, finally having everything he ever wanted.  Castiel maneuvered him into the little spoon position, draping an arm and a leg over him, and Dean sighed, settling back against Cas’ chest, warm and safe. Dean wanted to live in this feeling forever and he held onto it as long as he could, until sleep won out. Ir dragged Dean under with a smile on his face, and Cas’ hand over his heart.
what we never had, Dean. So just think about it, okay?"
“Yes, I think Claire is joining us too, maybe Rowena,” Sam said that part a bit shyly but Castiel didn’t judge. Here he was a soon to be former angel in love with a  human, as far as Castiel was concerned, Sam could date whomever he wanted.
“Gabriel can catch up. Jody, please,” Castiel implored, forsaking professionalism. “Just tell me what’s going on.”
"In pill form?" Castiel asked with raised brows. "That's expensive. Where the hell was he getting the means for that?"
After another lingering kiss, Castiel finally stepped away from him, taking his coffee to get dressed. Dean blew out a breath, thinking of anything unsexy to will away his erection. Dean wiped down the counter and turned off the coffee maker. A glance at his watch told Dean he and Castiel had about twenty minutes before they parted ways for the day.
with her. "
"I'm sorry," Cas whispered, as Dean helped him into his own robe.
“Love you, too, Cas.”
“In sickness and in health, baby, it’s in the vows,” Dean said it lightly but the tender look Castiel bestowed on him showed his understanding of how hard this has been on Dean.
“You don’t play fair,” Dean murmured, nearly purring at the scalp massage, and Cas laughed.
“And we’re supposed to know we’re in the right area because when you bang a stick on a tree-” Castiel had to pause and collect himself, “and something bangs back, that means it’s a Bigfoot?”
“He doesn’t want to come back!” Michael bellowed, yanking his wrist from Castiel’s grip. “He likes not worrying all the time! He likes not being afraid.”
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean chanted, hand flying across his dick as Castiel grunted behind him, hammering Dean’s ass hard and fast, and the sound of Cas' name falling so raggedy from Dean's lips was like an aphrodisiac. The slap of skin on skin was an erotic accompaniment to the harsh grunts and curses flying out their mouths under the bright, starry sky.
"Hush," Castiel said as his hand glided up Dean's throat to cup around the back of his neck, thumb resting on the hinge of his jaw. He turned Dean's face, watching as the bow of his lip curved up in a smile. "You're lips are so distracting. It makes me want to kiss you all the time."
Claire huffed. “Okay, fine. You want to know what’s pissing me off? I’ll tell you. First of all, the girl is too young for him. She’s, like, barely thirty, and he’s forty-one. Second of all, she wears shorter skirts than I do, which is just ew.”
"You made it up?" Dean's brows rose in surprise.
Castiel's lip curved up in the hint of a smile and Dean found himself hypnotized.
“Text me when you get home, Sammy,” Dean said and Sam grinned.
“With all due respect, Sheriff, that isn’t making me any less anxious. Just tell me what’s going on. Is it Dean? Oh my God, is there something wrong with Dean, Jody?”
“Anything else?” Gabriel asked, as Sam graciously choked down his cookie, and quickly washed it down with his coffee.
Dean seemed to read his mind as Castiel soon felt questing fingers leaving his hair to creep up under his tee-shirt. He responded by reaching for Dean’s and tugging. The warm breeze kissed his skin as they both sighed, pressing together as their tongues continued to roll against each other, in time with the rhythmic gyration of their hips.
“My little
Castiel wasn’t disappointed when Dean came back empty-handed, not particularly a fan of watching a fish get gutted when he could buy perfectly cut filets from the grocery store.
The fireworks display was stunning, loud and bright, sizzling and whistling outside of their room’s open balcony doors.
“Good as can be. They’re on this summer couples cruise with my parents right now,” Dean shrugged with a small smile. “Honestly, they’re surviving. It’s not something they’ll ever get over.  They still live next door to mom and dad. Dad makes sure Chuck gets out in the fresh air. They fish together a lot. Off the pier and sometimes up in New Hampshire. Keeps’m from staying locked up in his study. Becky is still the High School nurse at Salt Meadow High School. She keeps herself very busy. She’s the faculty advisor of the GSA, she runs most of the school’s fundraisers and she is the admin to a website devoted to your Guardian Angel series,” Dean said, fondness in his tone.
Big Ryan was a storyteller who visited schools and other childcare organizations and shared music and stories.
The phone had stopped ringing, but as Alistair raised his gun and urged Dean and Jack to move, it started again, and Dean prayed he made the right decision. He prayed that Castiel would forgive him for his recklessness, but it seemed like the only way to protect the kid.
you?”
said, tapping Dean on the shoulder.
“You want crazy,” Castiel growled menacingly as Leo dragged himself to his feet.
- made a move on Dean. Castiel had left so many love bites on his skin that night- so much so that Dean had been sore in many places. He had been surprised at how much the sting, the reminder of Cas’ possessiveness, had made Dean feel good; how it soothed some ragged place inside of him that still felt unworthy of someone as brilliant as Cas. That was probably fucked up or unhealthy and shit, but Dean didn’t care.
"Cas?" Dean prompted, and Castiel sighed from his seat, resting his elbows on his knees.
“I adore your mouth, sweet boy, but when I come, it’s going to be buried inside of you.”
“Novak?” Dean’s eyes widened along with his smile. “Gabriel’s partner and Claire’s uncle, then? Pleasure to meetcha, Cas.”
“Fuck level-headed,” Castiel muttered to himself as he found himself striding across the lawn and into view.   He spared Dean a quick glance of apology before yanking Cole up from the frayed patio chair by the collar of his tee-shirt and punching him in the gut.
"I knew he'd never believe me if I said there wasn't, and I wasn't technically lying. There's no money or treasure at my mom's cabin, but there are things important to me," Jack shrugged, self-consciously. "A box of home movies, some pictures. I haven't been able to get them since moving in with Jody and Donna... What's going to happen to me now?" Jack's eyes were wide and innocent, and Castiel felt his heart squeeze painfully at the thought of everything this boy had been through, and everything he yet have to face.
“Well, then,” Meg said archly as she rose from the seat, clearing his now empty parfait glass. “I’ll bring you a carafe of coffee,” she sighed as though it was putting her out but at this point, Emmanuel could tell it was just for show.
“What? Why? Did you eat one? Without asking?” Castiel was looking at him with undisguised irritation, and Dean was a little taken back.
There was nothing he could do, Castiel’s body reacted instinctively. On an inhale, he reared back, and his fist shot out, knuckles connecting with bone with a sickening crack.
Castiel didn’t see how he could have asked for a more perfect day for a sunset wedding. On his private stretch of beach, Castiel had nearly swallowed his tongue when Dean descended the stairs of their beach house to meet him. Gabriel, his man of honor, had nudged him in the arm playfully when all Cas could mutter was "Holy fuck," at the gorgeous sight before him.
After Garth left, Alex, Claire, and Kaia sat together, as Dean watched as they shared snacks. It warmed his heart to see the small group so comfortable with each other. It made sense. Despite their outward differences, they were all very similar people. Like recognizes like.
It was a blink. Castiel was holding Dean’s hand, fingers still sticky from birthday cake, bright blue eyes lit with laughter, and the next, he was gone; wrenched from Dean’s grasp, screaming his name.
Castiel fitted his hand over the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, gripping tightly as he continued to kiss and suck his way across his shoulder blades.
“Oh, you’re desperate for it, aren’t you, sweet boy?” Castiel growled against the skin of Dean’s thighs, biting and sucking dark marks against the freckled skin. “All laid open for me?”
There had been problems in the sexual department from the beginning. Their wedding night, for example, had been a disaster. Daphne and Castiel had chalked that up to first times and performance anxiety. Daphne’s discomfort, the effort Castiel had had to take just to maintain an erection, constantly stroking himself to keep from flagging, had been abysmal. Luckily, they had laughed about it, years of friendship making the embarrassing act more bearable.
After Sam left, Dean and Castiel stayed in the living room, a
.  He kept insisting that they should take their time, that he wanted Castiel to be sure, but Cas was pretty confident that it was Dean’s insecurities that were holding them back in that department. He suspected that Dean was just waiting for Castiel to wash his hands and say he’s had enough. Dean had teased that anticipation was part of the fun, but Castiel believed he was using it as an excuse. Almost like once this final threshold of physical intimacy was crossed, Cas would be on his merry way, as if Dean, at that point, would have run out of things to show him. Whatever his reasons, Cas wasn’t going to push; he would happily worship and be worshipped by Dean’s hands and mouth until he was ready to trust that Castiel wasn’t going anywhere, no matter how much further they went sexually.
Eileen jumped up with a little clap and raced from the room to pack her bag and Castiel knew Sam was forgiven too.
It hadn’t meant anything, of course. Cas had done it to piss off a couple of homophobes, but damn if it didn’t screw with his head a little bit to get a taste of what he’d wanted for years only for it to be for show.  He should have been prepared. Dean and Castiel had never shied away from making bigots uncomfortable. Like last year when they went camping in Texas, Castiel sat on Dean’s lap for twenty minutes in the small booth they had at a dive bar down the street from the campground.  He and Dean had overheard the assholes making fun of a young same-sex couple holding hands in the parking lot, sneering out the window about how disgusting it was. Castiel had raised a brow at Dean in question, eyes darting down to his lap and back up and Dean had grinned, patting his knee in invitation. Castiel had parked himself there until the men had left the bar, that slow-roll rumbling laughter of his bubbling out, making Dean feel warm all over, while Sam had let out a sigh of relief that there wasn’t a fight.
”Not exactly,” he said, beckoning Castiel forward as he pulled his keys out of his pocket to open the door. “This Lighthouse hasn't been active since before my grandfather was born," he swept his arm out in a welcoming gesture.  "Navigation's improved so much over the years, you know? S'made them pretty obsolete."
, Cas, I’m thirty-four years old. I’m done with one-night stands and steamy flings. I’m ready for more. I want a partner in life. Marriage, maybe kids. A stupid dog that we’ll fight about having to take outside at the ass crack of dawn. The whole domestic shebang,” Dean raised his brow, looking at Castiel pointedly. “Cas, you just got out of a decade-long marriage. Can you honestly tell me you’re ready to immediately jump into a committed relationship with the first guy you’ve ever kissed?”
The tone of her voice had dread pooling in his stomach as Castiel quickly made a u-turn, knowing not to argue.
“So, Dean, since we’re ‘dating now,’ “Emmanuel leaned back again and used finger quotes, noting how Dean’s gaze turned immediately from flustered to fond. ”you want to buy me dinner?”
“That unfairly beautiful man in the front row is my Husband, Dean,” Castiel volunteered when necks craned to see who he was laughing at. “Say hello, husband,” Dean glared at Castiel before giving a half-hearted wave. “It’s our anniversary this weekend,” he said, laughing when someone in the audience wolf-whistled and cooed.
Was he that obvious? His face must have shown his distress because she immediately stopped teasing and reassured him.
“Oh yeah,” Dean said as he added a sugar packet to his coffee. “All of us took our turns waiting tables at Moseley’s when we were in college. Anytime we needed a little extra cash, Missouri was always willing to let us take on a few shifts.”
“My dad’s swimming and your parents are having sex,” Dean said flatly.
A glance at the microwave clock told him it was nearly nine am.  Usually, Emmanuel would do forty-five minutes of yoga followed by a fifteen-minute meditation before getting dressed for the day. Then, he and his laptop would traipse down the back stairs into the Honeybee Bakery Kitchen.  Today was no exception as Emmanuel pushed through the double doors and was immediately enveloped in warmth and the sweet smell of monkey bread and raspberry turnovers.
the words came out in a ragged whisper, pulled from an echo in his mind and Emmanuel-
They walked along the boardwalk and Emmanuel boldly slid his hand into Dean’s back pocket as they walked, pinching the firm cheek, making Dean laugh. “You’re a menace.”
“I left the state,” he said, not quite believing it, even as he passed the signs for the New Hampshire State Liquor store. “I actually left the state,” and damn if he wasn't a little choked up about it. Apparently, Emmanuel was too, as he crowded in and peppered Dean’s cheek with kisses as he drove, declaring how proud he was.
Dean wasn’t wrong, Castiel observed.  There were long tables covered in silky blue cloth. Each held a centerpiece made out of fiberoptics that looked like fireworks exploding, colors changing, and shimmering brightly.  Spiraling strings of fairy lights dangled from the high ceiling, mirroring the LED floor lights that made it look as though the guests were walking across a sea of stars.
“Cas,” Dean sounded impatient, and it made him grin. “I’ve been waiting all day for this, can you dispense with the teasing?”
“Come on,” Castiel said as they left the restaurant with another wave to Jo. “Only two more hours, then I’m off for fourteen glorious days.”
“Good. That’s good,” Dean murmured back, reclaiming Emmanuel’s mouth in another kiss, this one much greedier than the first. Emmanuel shifted, maneuvering until Dean was against the counter.  Baking forgotten, he slid his hands up and under Dean’s tee-shirt, sighing happily into his mouth at the feel of his warm, smooth skin.
“So now what?” She asked, frowning as she left a 7-10 split on the lane, and waited for her ball to come back. “What's the plan for the newly single Castiel Novak?”
"I know. I still shouldn't have snapped," Cas said regretfully.
An unexpected surge of anger stirred through Dean so fast he gasped with it, and all eyes fell on him. "Dean? You okay?" Sam's worried voice was like a buzzing gnat, and Dean found himself glaring at his brother, though his sudden fury was directed at Cas.
Dean read out loud:
he wasn’t going to like whatever this was that Cas wanted to talk about. He allowed Castiel to lead him out of the van and down the driveway to the Impala. Castiel opened the back seat and slid in, back to the door, one leg stretched on the seat, the other on the floor.  Dean climbed in after, shutting the door behind himself and cranking down the window, letting the warm spring breeze filter through the window. Castiel opened his arms, and Dean settled against him, back to chest. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, lacing their hands together across his stomach. He felt relaxed and warm, and he imagined it was why his fiance had decided now was a time to tell him what Dean expected to be, some unpleasant news.
“There’s that cockiness again,” Dean teased and Castiel shrugged good-naturedly before leaning into Dean's space.
“I’ll see ya soon, Cas.”
“You’re camp chef, aren’t you?”
“We’ll put out the fire,” Dean said, “You all go on inside. I think Cas wants to sit by the fire a little longer,” he said, reading him correctly.
Bobby rolled his eyes. “Why? You hoping to star in some cowboy rom-com?”
“First of all, I enjoy learning new things about you, Dean. Being around you... makes me happy,” the words were blunt in their simplicity and Castiel was charmed to see that they made Dean flush.
“I’m not sure what it was,” Castiel admitted grudgingly.  “But if I run across it again, I’ll be more prepared,” he shot Dean a glare as he walked past him and began to lead the way back to the campsite.
“I’m joking, Cas,” Dean said, fondly rolling his eyes, though Castiel couldn’t see him. “What did you need?”
“I think I know by now that I always rather face things with you than apart,” Dean admitted, closing his eyes when Castiel leaned in to kiss him, warm and sweet.
Beyond the living room area, were two rooms, the first looked like a large office. He followed Dean inside and saw a drafting board and an easel set up next to a long, wide window seat on the left side of the room. A shelf laden with drawing and painting supplies took up the rest of the wall including folded dropcloths that Castiel imagined covered the hardwood floor whenever Dean was working.  A large mural of a what appeared to be Dean’s car shining under the moonlight took up the back wall. In the twilight sky between the shadows of trees, an angel with shining black wings dipped in indigo, rose up with his head tossed back and facing the moon, face obscured. Castiel couldn’t stop looking at it, how the colors swirled, with hints of green and deep purple hidden in the depth of the feathers, like the light shining on a black oil spill.
Gabriel’s brows shot up. “He has amnesia? Well-what-is it permanent?”
Dean stepped back from Adam, and clapped him on the shoulder, and turned, coming to a complete stop when his eyes lit on Cas. A wide smile rolled onto Dean's face at the unexpected interruption in his afternoon. As Dean strode over towards him, Castiel welcomed the delightful shiver that ran up his spine as deliciously bowed legs brought his husband closer to him.
“Aside from saving you from choking to death on frosted moon and wand cookies?”
“Nothin’. Just kills me, how beautiful you are,” Dean said, matter of factly.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean asked heatedly.
On Friday evening, Emmanuel sat on a panel of other science fiction and fantasy writers and took questions. Dean had sat in the audience with Emmanuel’s manager Hannah, who had been so happy to meet him she’d introduced herself with a hug, not believing that the vagabond author had finally settled down. It had caused both of them to blush, not only because their relationship was so new but also because what she said was true. They were settled. Dean knew in his heart that Emmanuel was it for him and that steadied him in ways he never could have foreseen.
“It sounds like you both had very lenient parents. My mother would barely let me out of the house until I was eighteen and the choice was taken away from her.”
“Yeah, sweetheart, that sounds perfect,” Dean winced as he bent over to pick up their clothing.
Emmanuel could practically see it. A young Sam running barefoot on the sand as Gabriel grabbed him around the waist, dragging him away like the lyrics of the song. He saw the names Dean and Cas traced in the air by the crackling tip of sparklers twirled by children’s hands. The clarity of it astounded him and Emmanuel felt his heartbeat quicken.
Dean was cold. And he meant goosebumps, stiff-fingered, teeth-chattering cold. It had been creeping on him slowly since leaving their cozy room in the
“No,” Dean said, shaking his head firmly.
Dean stood from the bed, and Castiel was gratified to see him a little weak limbed.
“Well, that’s interesting,” She said with a mischievous grin.  Dean and Benny had been two of a very few openly bisexual teens in high school.
apologize to me for this.“
Castiel decided the best approach was a physical one and he pressed his mouth to Dean’s. It was so easy to lose himself in the hesitant touch of Dean’s lips, urging him to deepen the kiss until they were aligned from chest to thigh. Castiel didn’t know how long they kissed for, but he let himself fall into the slick slide of their lips, until they both had to fall apart for air.
Castiel leaned in to steal a kiss from Dean’s lips, savoring his taste, flavored with scotch and strawberries.
“You know, you’re gonna have to settle on something at some point,” Dean said teasingly.
“Fuck, Cas, I love your hands. Feel like they’re setting me on fire,” Dean groaned as Castiel leaned forward, caging him with his arms, as he dragged his lips over Dean’s Adam’s apple, stopping to suck.
“For starters, the enormous tattoo I appear to have on my shoulder blades and draping down my back. Is that… is that the angel wings from the portrait in our office?”
Dean Winchester whistled while he rinsed out his coffee cup and looked out the kitchen window. The hummingbird feeder he put up was starting to get popular, and he made a mental note to refill it with a new batch of sugar water before he and Cas left for their vacation.
“I am happy,” Dean reassured his mother as he set his pan to simmer. He glanced at the clock. 2:30. He’d been at the bakery since five in the morning and he was ready for a nap.  “Just, please let us come over tomorrow. We’ll do a backyard barbecue. Tell Becky I’ll bring her Sangria.”
"We sat in that traffic for too long. I imagine there is a
Cas had his head tipped back, plush mouth open as broken gasps of air escaped and Dean moaned wantonly around his thick dick at the stunning sight. Castiel shuddered at the sound and Dean made a frustrated noise of protest when Castiel pulled himself out of Dean’s mouth, panting harshly
for you, Dean. Our lives were irrevocably changed that day, and if you weren’t feeling overwhelmed, I would be worried. So please, I’m begging you. Do
Dean cursed into his headphones as his character took another hit. “Garth, I need another healing potion, quick,” Dean said as his Hunter narrowly avoided attack again.
“Oh my God, Cas. This… this…” Dean couldn’t finish and Castiel understood. It was too much. It was everything.
I love you. Goddamn, you’re gorgeous,” Castiel gritted out, holding still, as Dean’s ass clenched around him tightly.
“I do have too, because the pain I heard in your voice when I got home tonight was like a knife to the heart and I hate that I caused that,” Cas’ voice was rough like gravel and drenched in sorrow and Dean found himself tugging the man to him. Castiel came all too willingly, scrambling to straddle Dean’s lap and bury his face in Dean’s neck. Dean could feel wet lashes against his skin and he gripped Castiel tighter to his chest, running soothing hands up and down his back.
Though he was sat in a bakery, enjoying the enticing scent of old-fashioned apple pie, he knew that outside of the gleaming glass door, the sea air was suffused with the smell of tanning oil and briny ocean. It was invigorating and he couldn’t help the pop of excitement that this- enjoying coffee and pie in a cozy bakery while people watching- could be his new normal.
Castiel knew that in the 1940s, there had been seven murders in the house, and eight total deaths. He also knew that the details had always been a bit of a mystery as to what exactly happened. The bodies hadn't been discovered for a few days after their deaths. The property has passed hands multiple times since then, the latest owners going the B&B route, opening up the manor to tourists from June through October.
"Donna and I promised we'd take him to his mother's cabin this summer— well, technically now it's his cabin— so he can get his things and decide what he wants to do with the place. We're hoping he decides to keep it. The boy should have a piece of his mother, you know?"
Dean followed Castiel below deck to the large galley and settled himself at the long oval table. When Gabriel had given Dean the tour, he'd been surprised by the size and the state of the art equipment. Dean had had to remind himself that this wasn't like a regular yacht; it was more like an upscale hotel on the water. Even his cabin was the size of a small suite.  Not that Dean really had a lot of stuff. Aside from his laptop, clothes, and music, everything else he'd decided to keep from his apartment in Lebanon was in his brother's storage unit. The kitchen table his Grandpa Henry had made, the 75-inch flatscreen he had splurged on when he got his taxes back last year, had no place in Dean's fully furnished room. Dean was going to miss his huge recliner. Still, until he found a more permanent living situation, he would have to do without it.
Castiel sniffed at him, raising his brow playfully. “You sound like a fortune cookie. See what all that tea and meditation have done to you?”
"Hey there, Castiel. I'm sorry to interrupt you on your way home."
Sam rolled his eyes. “Not today, Dean. Last week.” Sam’s voice turned somber. “At the bar before the accident.”
“I know, buddy!” Dean replied excitedly, making his brother’s cheeks dimple in happiness. Sam may have been a bathroom hog but Dean loved his little brother anyway. “We go to the carnival every year for Cas’ birthday. Don’tcha remember?”
at The Roadhouse was probably a dumb idea.
“Alright,” Charlie said, “but I just want to say this: Castiel isn't an immature frat boy in his twenties. He has a good head on his shoulders, and he seems to know exactly what he wants. I'm just saying, maybe keep an open mind.”
“He’s going after a kid who lives with two cops, I don’t think risk is what he’s worried about,” Castiel said. “He recognized Donna. If he's been watching for a long time, who knows who else on the force he recognizes? We need to get eyes on them, and this asshole can’t know about it.”
“You never take time off,” Dean scowled, and Castiel nodded.
owning a little shop filled with homemade wares and artisan goods.
“Jack. Unintentionally, of course. Don’t tell him he ruined the surprise, please. I hear you’re going to the movies,” Castiel said, and Sam laughed.
They wound up getting a later start than they had planned.
“We had agreed on taking some time off anyway. We both agreed we needed some time alone together. Between doing the art for
Dean thought that Cas was exaggerating just a little bit, having seen Eve’s eyes linger on Castiel’s phenomenal form more than once as well, which his oblivious husband denied noticing. In fact, Dean was pretty sure she saved her visits for both of them because she
knew that voice, Cas thought as he watched Kaia jump up from the table and rush into the elegant woman’s arms. Their eyes met over the young girl’s head, and Castiel could see Bela’s eyes widen in surprise, and what he suspected was embarrassment. Cas wondered if she was recollecting their first meeting just as he was.
Castiel lounged on his zero gravity chair, a purchase his brother Gabriel insisted he must have, gifting him and Dean a pair as a housewarming gift. The lawn chair reclined, and Castiel’s eyes had nearly crossed at the lewd groan that escaped Dean’s lips as he relaxed into it, praising how great it was for the lower back. Bent over working on cars all day took its toll on a body,
“It’s like they are expecting me to start crying. They were all too quiet.”
“Hey, Dean? You think you can fit me in the shop sometime this week?” Sam asked, taking the last bite of his burrito. Meanwhile, Castiel had dropped his forehead to Dean’s chest, a silent invitation for Dean to massage his nape with his smoothie-free hand. Dean did so, gladly, fingers tangling in the damp, silky strands.
“It’s okay, Cas.
“No one can understand unless they live it,” his father added.
Castiel chuckled as he read.
An all-white butcher-block island separated the living room from the kitchen and Castiel could see the ocean from the window above the sink. The appliances were professional-grade from the fridge to the stove and Castiel could tell it was well-loved space. To the left of the kitchen was a short hallway, and Castiel followed Dean as he gave him the tour. They passed a guest bath and bedroom and a small laundry room, to the foot of the stairs.
It was a short drive from Winchester Lanes up to the Angel's Bend lighthouse. Dean loved his small town. Some people got annoyed with how crowded it became in the summer, but he thrived on the hustle and bustle. Dean enjoyed watching families traipse from shop to shop along the bench lined sidewalks. The briny air laced with suntan oil filtered in through the windows of the car, and he breathed it in.
“Essentially, yes,” Cas said with a laugh. “
“I look forward to it,” Castiel said, leaning over so they could share a syrup sticky kiss. And another.
lead.”
“As far as we know.”
"You still married me," Dean said against his lips, and Castiel smiled.
The long ride, coupled with sleeping on the ground for the past week, made Castiel’s old queen bed feel like a cloud, and he curled into Dean as close as he could get, relishing in the feeling of his arms banding around him. Sleep was dragging him under, and Castiel had never felt safer in his life. Cas felt the soft kiss Dean pressed to his messy hair, felt the words rumble in Dean’s chest when he murmured a sleepy
“Why? Because we were two men making out?” Dean heard Castiel ask irately and Meg’s answering laughter.  He saw her smiling heart-shaped face, the rest of her wrapped in a cocoon of blankets on the couch, as he came down the short hall from the bedroom and felt a surge of affection for the little firecracker who had always had his back, whether he asked for it or not.
Dean’s eyes traveled over Castiel’s body and his skin felt hot under his heavy gaze. He felt his cock plump and swell against his thigh. Dean reached down with one hand, slowly stroking Castiel’s five-o’clock shadow, moving down to his collarbone, over his nipples, brushing over a dark freckle, then down his ribs, to his stomach. Castiel’s breathing was shallow, and he swallowed hard when he felt Dean drag his fingertips down his happy trail to the coarse thatch of hair around his cock.
“I think that’s very noble of you, and I appreciate it, I really do. Seeing you punch Leo was one of the hottest and most satisfying things I’ve ever seen, not gonna lie,” Dean stared at him lasciviously, and Castiel felt a curl of heat in his stomach at the attention. “But, for the record, I can take care of myself,” Dean angled his head down towards Cas’. “I’m no damsel, you capisce?”
"Go on. What happened next?" Castiel demanded.
When Castiel drew back, Dean chased his lips, but Cas had other plans as he laved at Dean’s clavicle. The soft brush of Castiel’s messy dark hair made him sigh as Cas made his way down Dean’s body. Dean was sure he made a debauched picture, lips slick and kiss swollen, his body littered with claiming marks sucked into his skin by Castiel’s fevered mouth. It was glorious.
Dean knew Cas would want a shower when he got back from his run, so he laid out his fiance's most comfortably worn-in jeans and a soft tee-shirt for traveling. Dean went to work in the kitchen, chopping up an onion and slicing portabellas, tossing them into a saute pan with oil to cook down a bit before adding some beaten eggs to make an omelet.
“I already did while you were sleeping,” Castiel said, filling his
“G’night, Charlie, I love you,” Sam drawled, and Charlie snorted.
“That’s not ominous,” Dean whispered into Cas ear, as Rowena continued, and Castiel only hummed in response.
"Any word on when the road will be open?" Castiel asked, and Rowena shook her head sadly.
"Aw, Priestley, don't be like that," Castiel teased, and Charlie choked on her daiquiri.
“Uh, yeah. Same,” Dean seemed to be studying his features and Emmanuel felt a little self-conscious under the perusal but distracted himself by answering Dean’s other question.
“I’m not saying we go out there with a parabolic microphone, but yeah. Could be fun, ask the locals about it,” Dean said with a shrug while reaching over to steal Cas’ coffee and taking a sip, wincing at the sweetness. “There’s way too much sugar in there,” he said, sliding the mug back over to his friend.
“Seriously, Dean?” Sam’s irritated voice jolted Castiel out of a deep slumber. One of the things Castiel enjoyed the most about camping was how the fresh air always made him sleep so well. Though, the fantastic blow job he’d received from the love of his life last night might have helped as well. At home, it was hard to get him away from his books and lesson plans before two am, and he rarely slept in unless Dean forced him back to bed.
“Fair enough,” Castiel said calmly, though internally, his stomach was jumping because that was what he was counting on. He just hoped it went the way he wanted it to, otherwise, they were all in for an awkward vacation.
Castiel merely burrowed closer, despite the heat of the day, and pressed a kiss to Dean’s sweat-dampened skin.
“Dean, may I make a suggestion?” Dean’s expression was bemused, but he nodded.
“Ah, so this is some kind of business deal slash retirement party? You expand into the tea business, Cas?”
Then even later, when alcohol made them think they could actually dance:
"7:30"
Since moving in with Gabriel, Castiel had started to carve out a routine for himself. Early mornings had him leaving the apartment above the Cafe and jogging the winding paths of dune grass to the Angel’s Bend Lighthouse, joyfully snapping photo after photo of white-capped waves breaking against the massive boulders outlining the structure. When seen from above, the pattern of jagged rock bending around the black and white beacon made the shadow of Angel’s wings, giving the small oceanside town its name. Although splitting the sale of the house with Daphne left Castiel in a position to not need to go back to work right away, he still did a five hour-shift Monday through Friday at
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean and attempted to scoff playfully. “Don’t ask stupid questions.”
way.  Castiel Novak-Winchester was a gorgeous six-foot specimen of a man with strong runners thighs, and thick arms Dean could happily wrap himself in for all eternity. Castiel was, of course, fairly oblivious to the stir he caused when he walked by. If Dean were any good with words like his English professor hubby, he would write sonnets about Cas’ strong hands or his pillowy, pink lips. He would sing songs about his soft bedroom eyes that could range from summer’s sky to stormy ocean. His Castiel could tell a story with his arresting face, the cute crinkle of his nose, or a dominating arch of his brow. Whether sleepy, soft, and sensual, wearing boxers and Dean’s AC/DC teeshirt or in his classic tie, slacks, and trenchcoat, Castiel was a fucking
Castiel hummed in agreement, closing his eyes, with his arms draped over Dean's raised knees. When Dean's hands began trailing up and down Cas' chest, he sighed in contentment and shivering when the pads of Dean's thumbs brushed his nipples. Castiel gloried in the feeling of being surrounded by Dean, soft sighs coming quicker the more his husband played with his body.
out on this car, and I don't plan on being a sitting duck at the next toll station."
“Love you too, Cas.” Dean’s voice was gruff with emotion before burying his face in Castiel’s neck, warm breath damp against his skin.  Castiel sank further into Dean’s embrace, the thought of showering flitted briefly in his mind but despite it being before 9:00 p.m., he found himself drifting off to sleep.
“Then let’s go.”
“Um, Dean? When did the neighbors light come on?”
It was silent for a second before Dean erupted. “Jesus Christ, guys, I thought you were gonna cheer him up, not make him more fucking depressed.”
“G’night, Cas.”
“Thank you, Dean. You have no idea how much peace this gives me. I can’t wait to see them again.”
“You love me anyway,” Dean said, taking one last drag before the joint was too small to pinch.
Sam rolled his eyes as he slid into the chair next to his husband. “Gabe, we probably shouldn’t be spreading it around.”
Dean and Castiel had been best friends, in and out of each other’s pockets since they were six years old. Hugs, gentle forehead kisses, those were just things they had always done.  Growing into unruly teenagers, then responsible adults hadn’t changed that. They knew each other better than anyone and loved each other unconditionally, and it had never occurred to either of them growing up that sharing such free affection was unusual.
“Hungover,” Dean said, allowing Castiel to help him sit up against the headboard. He smiled gratefully when Castiel handed him an open bottle of water.
"With the amount of time that he spends time staring at you like a lovesick teenager, I'm pretty sure Cas is fine with you just the way you are," she said with a smirk and rose from her chair. "I'm going to take a walk before I head out. Have a safe trip, guys, and I promise to check on the cats while you're gone."
- was beach-guy. A glance at Castiel found him already watching Dean, blue-eyes steady, and the possessive look on his face settled something inside of Dean, making him wish they were alone and preferably naked.
"Love you, fuck, love you, Cas," Dean's hands fisted in Castiel's hair as he slammed into Dean with quick snaps of his hips. At just the right angle, a hard rock had a ragged cry escaping Dean's lips as his body locked up in an almost painful grip on Castiel's dick. Looking down, Castiel groaned dark and low as cum spurted from the flushed tip of Dean's cock, coating their stomachs in sticky, white fluid.
Dean shook with laughter as he realized Cas was fucking with him. Castiel dragged himself up and looked at Dean with bleary eyes and a half-smile.
,” Frank gestured for Castiel to come around the counter and look at his set-up. “Dean, stand still for a minute, would ya. You’re dancing around like you got ants in your pants.” Castiel sent Dean an apologetic smile as the man rolled his eyes and stopped fidgeting.
“Hey, Baby,” Castiel said, his arm coming around the front of Dean, a smoothie in his hand.
There was a beat and then:
The first week of August meant that it was time for Dean, Cas, and Sam’s annual boys-only camping trip. This year's location was the Allagash Wilderness Waterway. A ninety-two and a half mile ribbon of lakes, ponds, rivers, and streams in the North Woods of Maine. The actual town of Allagash, even though arguably the biggest town in the state, only had a population of fewer than 300 people.  The campground they were staying at was out in the boonies with tenting sites only.  There were bathhouses and running water accessible throughout the actual campground but any off-grid camping, or sites reachable by canoes, were out of luck.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I guess I’m just a little protective of Dean.”
.  What right do you have to that after what you took from me?”
“Boyfriend?” Benny said loudly and Dean flinched, stepping out from behind the bar and grabbing Castiel’s hand.
Tearing his gaze from his fiance’s terrified face, Dean searched out his brother. Fighting through what felt like the world's most epic migraine, with shards of glass in his throat, Dean screamed: "Do it, Sammy, just like we talked about."
Dean huffed out a laugh, but the sound was bitter and Emmanuel’s heart ached at hearing  Dean sound so haunted.
“I know that,” Dean said hurriedly.
"I'm surprised you're staying at Tricksters," Castiel said after Dean took his shot, just missing the corner pocket with a soft curse.
“It’s fine, Cas. I was mostly joking. I think it’s cool you’re doing their engagement photoshoot. That’s an awesome gift, especially since we can’t make the wedding.” Daphne and Inias’ wedding fell on the state tournaments, and Dean and Castiel had already promised to be there to cheer the youth league kids on, and Cas had to take photos for the newspaper and monthly Winchester Lanes Newsletter.
“In the morning is soon enough,” Dean said, leaning forward to tug his shirt off. “Get undressed and come to bed,” Dean quickly stripped off his jeans and socks, leaving himself in just his underwear. Castiel quickly followed suit, and Dean didn’t make any complaints when Castiel manhandled Dean into the little spoon position.
“How do I kiss you?” he managed to ask, fingers combing through Cas’ dark strands, gratified when Castiel leaned into the touch.
“Shut up,” she muttered, and Dean only laughed.
Any semblance of relaxation was gone, the moment his boot hit the first wooden plank. The air was charged and tense. Dean put one foot in front of the other, knowing without having to look that Castiel was on high alert too. Something was going to happen.
“I love the way you kiss me,” the sound was raspy with want and Dean felt his dick jump at the sound.
Dean blanched as he leaned forward, hands reaching out to cover Emmanuel’s in a gesture of comfort.
Castiel had everyone move over to the conference room. He was beginning to feel claustrophobic in Jody’s office. Castiel sat on the edge of one of the long tables as Claire and Kaia carefully studied the photos that Ash had sent to Gabriel.
“Thank you, Gabriel,” Castiel said, touched by his brother’s praise.
“I love you, too.”
“Stay safe, detective,” Dean murmured, a hairsbreadth from those pink, chapped lips, before closing the distance for a sweet kiss goodbye.
“Damn, Cas. I thought I was the bear in the morning.”
"Can I ask," Rowena started delicately, "If you have dear Castiel here, why do you need all the rest," she asked, gesturing to the cases of equipment.
After putting on his boots and sticking his wallet in his back pocket, Emmanuel left his room, drawing up short at Dean standing before him.  He was dressed similarly to himself; jeans and a short-sleeved Henley, only where Emmanuel had gone with darker colors, Dean had gone with light. Pale denim and a salmon-colored shirt that brought out freckles that Emmanuel was eager to map with his fingers.  Like himself, he wore boots and a sports jacket, both in camel. Dean’s perfect face was freshly shaved and his burnt honey hair appeared soft and spiky and he didn’t stop his fingers from reaching out to touch the silky strands.
"Michael," Castiel whispered brokenly, and it was the last thing Dean heard as his mind began to shut down. " Dean's possessed by Michael."
“Rowena and I will take them, Uncle Chuck,” Gabriel volunteered. “ We’ll watch them till you guys get there.”
Dean stood back as Nurse Masters checked Castiel’s vitals. He’d been slowly coming to wakefulness over the past twenty-four hours, his eyes unfocused and drifting back to sleep, until now. Castiel was finally awake and staying awake and Meg, as Nurse Masters had told Dean to call her, had paged Doctor Roche and inclined the hospital bed so that he was sitting up.
“Are you sure that’s what you want to do, Mr. Webb?” Jody asked, and Dean scoffed indignantly while Castiel remained surprisingly silent.
Dean knew eventually his arm would fall asleep, but for now, he enjoyed the press of Cas against him and the way he smelled of Irish Spring soap and lemongrass.  Dean knew he should feel guilty for taking pleasure in having Castiel so close but he couldn’t help it.
Dean found himself feeling proud that his friend had not only held his own but kicked some ass. “Yeah, he’s something alright.”
“That’s good, ‘cause you know what they say, Cas, a way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.”
Castiel made it through his first two periods fairly well, though the pitying stares were definitely a bit much. Castiel slowly trudged into Dean’s classroom. It was warm and the lingering scent of something sweet permeated the air. The back wall of the classroom houses three cooking stations, separated by butcher block tables that sat six with built-in sinks.
That was the million-dollar question, wasn’t it? Again, Emmanuel found himself speaking freely, not sure what it was about this beautiful man who made him want to spill all of his secrets.
He was distracted, barely able to focus on what he was doing at work, having to run numbers multiple times to ensure accuracy. When he’d gone in to request for two weeks off in July, Zachariah had pitched a fit, even though Castiel has been with the company for nearly two years and never used any vacation days. Fed up,  Castiel wound up walking out of the office, having quit his job, instead of taking time off.
“Torn down and rebuilt when my grandfather got married to my Grandmother Millie. I never knew her, she passed away when my dad was a kid. They'd always planned on having more than just my dad, so Grandpa Henry wanted something bigger.”
“Um, you know I am never one to say no to sex, sunshine, but we have a house full of people and-”
A rapping at the door had his happy bubble popping, reminding Dean that Sam and Gabriel were coming over. Castiel climbed off his lap with an obvious reluctance that made Dean grin besottedly.  The knocking sounded again and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Except my job,” Castiel said, taking a swallow of his bottled water.
Dean stepped back. “Any particular reason you’re waiting outside of my car?”
Confusion gave way to understanding as Castiel looked at him with a soft expression on his face.  Widower’s campout was a tradition Dean’s Uncle Bobby started after his wife Karen passed away. Before the Christmas holiday, Bobby liked to get away, to prepare himself for the I’m sorries and pitying looks that seemed to accompany the season. When Mary had died, John had become a member, and last, Sam, when his college girlfriend died in a freak house fire.
The End
“Try last week,” Gabriel said and Castiel’s eyes once again lit on Dean’s. “And you still haven’t told us why.”
Many of the students were cheering along, and when Dean got off the stage, Krissy told Dean that he was pretty cool for an old dork. Castiel laughed as Dean looked both pleased and offended.  Cleanup passed fairly quickly,  the dessert table completely annihilated by the students, to Dean’s disappointment and Castiel rolled his eyes.
Benny Lefitte, born in Louisianna and raised all the fuck over as an army brat, was a food blogger and critic. It was something he used to talk to Dean about in culinary class during his short stint senior year of high school in Salt Meadow Port. How he wanted to travel the world and experience new cuisine and eventually open his own restaurant.
“I just feel betrayed. And I want to move past it. I want to be the kind of person who can accept it, and move on, and mourn our old friendship, at least.”
“No. Not The Cowpoke,” Castiel said firmly and Dean frowned.
“I thought he wasn’t up for parole again until December?”
Castiel’s brows rose in surprise as the man winked at him, and behind the bar, Ellen snorted. Clearly, Bowed-Leg’s fall-colored eyes and golden freckles did not affect the bar owner the way he affected Cas.
-tastic.
Dean took his hand and spun him playfully, around the room. “Ready for the rest of our lives, Cas?”
“Okay, girls. You can head out now. But let’s not make this a habit,” Dean said, and Claire and Kaia hastily packed up their stuff. Dean could see that they were torn as he all but shoved them out the door. “Oh, and Claire? Say hi to your uncle for me.”
“No worries at all, man, I asked you. As for work,” Dean flashed him a heart-stopping smile, “I own this bakery, so we’re good on that front as well.”
“You okay?” he murmured in his ear and Castiel nodded.
“Not afraid of being swept away?” Emmanuel teased and Dean laughed.
Castiel's apartment was interesting. When he had arrived, It had struck him how little Dean had ever seen of the Novak home. They were always at Dean’s, or Charlie’s, or Bobbie’s or the Roadhouse. Dean was pretty sure it was because of him. April had never really warmed up to Dean. He couldn’t blame her, knowing what she knew about him.
“I needed something to anchor you here. You don’t understand, Castiel. You were going to leave, I know you were. And now, it’s practically like you have already.“
Castiel bit back the words, urging Dean to hurry up and get changed so he could make his own escape.
, he looked
Dean tasted like chocolate and mint and it was heady.  One of Emmanuel’s hands snaked around Dean’s waist, thumb anchored by a belt loop, while his other hand fisted in Dean’s hair, holding him in place. Emmanuel’s exploration of Dean’s mouth was languid; tongue rolling lazily, with lips gently bitten and sucked to a glistening plumpness. Dean responded so eagerly, little sounds of pleasure escaping as he hummed into the kiss.  Dean’s palm kneaded at the small of Emmanuel’s back as the other dug into the meat of his thigh. It was hot, and heavy, and delicious, and he didn’t want it to end. Eventually, the need to breathe became apparent and they drew back, forehead to forehead, soft gasps of air mingling between them.
Dean nodded because it did make sense. Although they weren’t physically intimate, Dean had always felt complete with Cas; the truth was, he could happily spend the rest of his life with Castiel Novak and never have sex with him, and Dean would still be okay with that. Though he’d be lying if he said he didn’t really want that with him, because
He marveled at how well Dean knew what he needed. Drowning out the emotional stew bubbling in his head, it was just the repetitious smack of the glove to bag and his panting breath that filled the air.  He bounced lightly on his feet as he punched:
Butterflies winged in his chest, but he smiled, happy for their dance around his heart. He nodded, resolutely, even as emotion grabbed him by the throat.
"So, let me get this straight. You had dinner, you drank wine, you
There was no shame in changing one's mind when something didn’t fit. Dean was ready to recalibrate his life’s direction. When Charlie told him there was an opening in the tech department of their old high school, it felt like kismet. Dean was more than happy to take the position of Culinary teacher. What better way to share what he loved than by teaching. Maybe eventually he’d own his own space, a small cafe where he could set his own hours and be his own boss, but for now, he felt like teaching was what he was meant to be doing. He even had a band with a few coworkers from school that jammed together whenever the Roadhouse had open mike night.
"Tell me again why you want to keep bees?" Dean groused, stopping at a concession stand for two tankards of ale, which they carried over to a picnic table under a large maple tree.
Castiel turned back to the girl who had asked the question.
“I am very honest and extremely direct. Some would say I lack tact. But I want you and after last night, I know for sure that you want me too. So, I’m not going to censor myself or play hard to get with you, Dean. This isn’t a game to me and I think we’re on the same page with that. If we are choosing to pursue this,” Emmanuel gestured between them, “I’m going to be myself around you, even when it includes how I jack off to thoughts of your tongue.” Emmanuel barked out a dark laugh when Dean’s hand slipped on the napkin dispenser he was refilling, fumbling it in his fingers and scowling at Emmanuel adorably. He inched forward and leaned across the counter into Dean’s space.
"On what?"
A kaleidoscope of colors bursts before them, and an echo of
Dean would be lying if the smile Castiel beamed at him didn't make him feel weak in the knees, and the smirk Charlie was shooting him told him that he needed a better poker face.
“It was
“I suppose that’s the one you always used?” Castiel asked loftily, and Dean shrugged.
friend and the parking spot thief was about to deal with Cas’ wrath.
"Why?"
Dean looked over at Jack as they sat in the line, golden arches looming in front of them.
The angel-faced accountant cocked his head at him. “Just a minor tranquilizer. It’s not every day I have someone skulking in my warehouse. Sorry about the pallet,” the man said, sounding genuinely apologetic for someone holding Dean hostage.
“No, I am saying you can’t be Dean’s friend. I didn’t go through all of that trouble just so you could fuck off with him anyway.”
“Do you want something, sweet boy?” Dean lifted his gaze from Cas’ crotch to see his husband smirking down at him with pure want in his eyes, teeth tugging on his bottom lip and making Dean whimper.   “You can have it, Dean. You just have to ask.”
They all wound up changing into swimwear and spent the bulk of the morning by the lake. Later in the afternoon, they hiked a few of the trails, and Dean and Castiel stole kisses and caresses whenever Sam's attention was occupied. Frank and Marv weren’t expected over until seven, so Castiel took the opportunity to shower in the bathhouse while Dean went fishing, wanting to see if he could add to their fare of burgers and hot dogs they had in the cooler.
Anna laughed delightedly, and Castiel stepped in to save his boyfriend.
“Yes, Dean?”
?  What did he mean by that? One little sleepily spoken word, and Dean had been a jumpy mess all week. When Dean had woken that morning, he’d been alone, which was probably good. Sleeping next to the best friend he was in love with was definitely harder than he thought it was going to be, and Dean totally meant that literally as well as figuratively. Waking up with Cas’ scent on the pillows, like fucking sunshine, earth, and watermelons, was nearly torture.
“And Dean is kind enough to ‘entertain’ her?” Emmanuel questioned, swallowing past the bad taste it left in his mouth, rinsing it down with coffee.
“I’m not sitting far away from you,” Castiel said, amusement lacing his voice, and Dean wondered if he had spoken out loud or if Cas was reading his mind. Or maybe, Dean was just really fucking high.  Castiel swiveled himself to face Dean. He was sitting next to him on one of the built-in seats in the back of the van. “I just want you to eat. That stuff is going to hit you hard. You’re supposed to have one maybe two, at most. You know how you get when you have too much,” Castiel said before swapping containers with Dean.
“Hurry up and finish pooping, Sammy, we wanna go!”
—it all began to pale in comparison to the genuine fear making itself known in his body.
“Hey, I’m not the only one in the band, I have to compromise.”
Castiel was sad and disappointed because judging by the way Dean all but ran out, somehow, his words had only seemed to make things worse. Castiel glanced over his shoulder again, eyes catching the gorgeous feathers on his skin. When he walked out of the bathroom he saw that at some point, Dean had laid out a tee-shirt and flannel sleep pants for him.
“You go ahead,” Kaia said. “I have to finish this book, or I’ll never have that essay done before vacation is over,” she waved a book, and Dean caught the title. Cat’s Cradle. He nodded in approval.
Baby was Dean’s beloved 67 Chevy Impala. It was the last thing he had of his parents’ and he kept her black paint gleaming and running like a dream.
“I am certainly not bi-phobic, Dean. Did I not defend your honor on this very subject matter?” Castiel asked with a haughtily arched brow, and Dean laughed as Castiel referred to the time he was kicked out a bar by punching out a co-worker who hinted that Dean being bisexual meant he couldn’t handle a monogamous relationship.
Castiel scrubbed his hands over his face, pushing the memories aside. They served him no purpose now other than making him sad, sick, and tired. The pizza now sat like lead in his stomach. Castiel pulled the quilt resting over the back of the couch and lay down. He draped it over himself, his head dropping on the throw pillow in the corner. He stared at the television, some alien conspiracy documentary. When he finally drifted off, Castiel dreamed horrible dreams.
“Oh, my god!”
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean interrupted, picking up the pipe again. “You didn’t do anything wrong, so I don’t see why we shouldn’t just forget it,” he lit the bowl, the embers flaring brightly in the dim room.
Emmanuel could tell that Meg wasn’t quite sure what to make of him. She eyed him speculatively as he passed by Dean, pressing his hands to strong shoulders in a quick squeeze of hello. Dean’s hands were immersed in flour and eggs so he greeted Emmanuel with a grin.
ate his stash.
“I love you, too, Dean.”
“So what changed?” Dean asked as he grabbed another bottle of wine and both of their glasses, bringing them into the living room. Castiel followed, settling down next to Dean on the couch, angling to face him, with one leg up on the cushion in the other on the floor.
!" There was nothing more erotic than watching Dean come untouched, dick twitching and pulsing white ropes between them. The sight had his own hips stuttering as he buried himself inside of Dean, coming with a roar that the whole floor probably heard, and Castiel couldn't care less.
“I don’t want to tell you.”
Castiel didn't need words to know that he would be topping; he'd been physically absent during his grief, and Dean was very much a tactile person, Cas would even argue he was a bit touch starved, and he knew without words that what Dean needed was to be filled and claimed and loved. Castiel urged Dean to turn over, and his husband spun in Castiel's hold, eagerly, getting on his hands and knees and presenting his gorgeous ass.
"Cas, please. I'm ready, just,
“You’re brother is a real dick sometimes,” Castiel grumbled as they got undressed for the evening.
Mick nodded at him, and Dean slipped outside, glad that neither man playing darts noticed him leave. He didn’t feel like being uncomfortably flirted with tonight. If the job didn’t pay so well in tips, Dean would have found another one elsewhere. But Swayze’s was right near the local university and Heavenly Host, so there was a lot of traffic with the college students and the thirty-somethings in the city.
“We haven’t figured that part out yet, honestly,” Sam said, opening another little bottle and sucking it down with a hiss. “I feel like I should be the one to move out though, she’s the one who found our apartment.”
“Indeed. I dare say even you need more than just your four hours these days,” Castiel said teasingly.
“You could come with me,” Emmanuel said, gently, already prepared for Dean to turn him down. It was fine. They had plenty of time and he felt no need to push, so he was surprised when Dean asked him where it was being held.
Dean stood silently as Castiel moved around, eyes darting everywhere, as though cataloging every overgrown weed and gnarled tree roots. There was a pinched look on his arresting face, and Dean could tell Cas was getting frustrated.
He followed the line of Jimmy’s back as he walked out of the kitchen; the strong runner's calves that even Dean’s loose jeans couldn’t hide. He groaned, biting his lip as the thought of those strong limbs wrapped around his waist, or better yet the hips he’d been fantasizing about for weeks, thrusting as he fucked Dean into his memory foam.
“Do you need help?” Castiel asked as Dean slipped his arm around his staggering brother’s waist, Rowena shaking her head at her fiance fondly, keys in her hand.
he wanted that.
When he got out, he dried vigorously and got dressed, before trying to tame his dark hair and coming away not looking too bad, if he didn't say so himself. He pulled on his trenchcoat, knowing that Dean would roll his eyes fondly, as they had both agreed to disagree about Cas' taste in outerwear.
“Amen,” Dean replied solemnly.
“Surprise,” Dean said, jokingly, with jazz hands as Castiel goggled at him. “Welcome to my lighthouse.”
“Hello, Dean. ” Castiel cocked his head, enjoying the way Dean’s pink tongue came to swipe at his bottom lip as he surveyed him up and down.
“You got it, sunshine.”
Before Dean could follow after Inias, Castiel said, “We’ll be right there,” then caught his hand, moving them out of the pathway of servers, and into the coat check room.
"Sam was five, so I must have been nine?" Dean shook his head. "I also stole my dad's car to go to a concert when I was a teenager. That was pretty stupid. The old man followed me there, stood a few rows behind me the whole time. Still don't know how he got in." Dean shook his head, lost in memories for a moment. He'd been grounded for a month, but his dad never embarrassed Dean in front of his friends. He'd just stood there, watching, making sure Dean didn't get his sixteen-year-old self in trouble.
“I’m sure you could have done it,” Dean grinned, rising and pushing past Cas to open the door. He followed Dean around to where he had laid out a dual sleeping bag, and a hefty pile of pillows. There was also an old battery-operated radio and a cooler. The stars and the moon was bright enough to illuminate their temporary nest in a swath of white light.
, and his heart fluttered like a hummingbird’s wings, happy and light.
“What?” Claire asked, and Kaia’s gaze whipped to the blondes, and her eyes screamed stop. Dean put a finger to his lips, and Claire stopped talking. Dean took a deep breath and rose from the table. He plastered on a smile and faced his charges.
Dean stepped forward, holding out his hand. “Dean Winchester, older brother to the moose over there who can’t seem to find his words,” he said with a grin, and Sam rolled his eyes, cheeks pink with embarrassment. "And yes, thank you for respecting Cas' wishes."
Dean lit the bowl again, coughing slightly as he inhaled a little too hard.
“Wait, you know what I meant when I said Netflix and chill, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she said finally. “There’s something wrong with Dean.”
Dean’s voice played in his head as he stuffed his face, box open on the coffee table. Castiel vowed that he would get himself together enough to be in the right headspace to deal with his new slew of teenagers on Monday. Tomorrow he would call the credit card companies and find out what he needed to do there.
That startled a laugh out of Dean and the sound made Castiel grin.
"That attitude is going to be the death of you, Mr. Winchester," Alistair warned, oil slick voice dousing any slight humor Dean had been feeling. He needed to chill out. He needed to keep it cool.
“I totally knew this was what you meant,” Dean said, voice tight with smoke.
Fuck, he missed Cas. Dean couldn't even begin to imagine the fear he was putting his husband through right now. God knows if it were the other way around, Dean would be a mess. The idea of not making it out of this, of not ever seeing those eyes looking at him with that always present fathomless love, made him ache inside.
“What if I want to know,” the words slipped out and Dean gave a raspy laugh.
“Guys, we can’t all stare at once, it’s a little obvious,” Ash said. “Let’s not ruin this for Dean, it’s been ages since I’ve seen that boy have a little
"I'm just saying, we can still let Jack go. 'Lot less to worry about than when there's just one of us for you to have to worry about. I mean, do you even have any money? What happens when we run out of gas?"
“Yes, well. It’s just an amateur hobby, but I really do love it. Plus, it gave me an excuse to upgrade,” Castiel said with a lopsided smile that Dean absolutely didn’t think was adorable.
They never did wind up going to dinner, much to Castiel's disappointment. Jo had called out sick rendering Dean's night off, and their date, canceled. With Dean understaffed, he didn't see the man again until the Tuesday Night Doubles league. They didn't have much time to talk, but they did make plans to go with Charlie and Meg to a popular LGBTQ club that had opened up in Falmouth that weekend.
They would have to stop soon, Dean thought as he shifted, the movement causing Castiel to snuffle adorably.  He’d been driving for nearly six hours non-stop and he wasn’t in his twenties anymore. Dean needed to stretch his legs and use the bathroom. They were in Nevada, close to Lovelock, and he knew there was a diner right on the edge of town they could hit before he caved and let Sammy take the wheel while he took a turn stretched out in the back.
"April Kelly."
grateful. We’re sharing a tent for the next week, and I don’t care what kind of honeymoon state you’re in, there will be no sex in the common sleeping area.”
played softly.
Castiel smiled at him, wickedly, as though reading all of Dean's lurid thoughts. "We'll see about that.  I'm very drawn to you, Dean," Castiel said slowly, ocean eyes bright and direct. "There's something vibrant about you. You have fire in you. Your soul is so welcoming and warm."
“What if someone else was calling you from my phone, Dean?” Sam asked and Dean rolled his eyes.
. He’d worshipped and feasted on Castiel’s body like he was the most decadent dessert. The way he’d nibbled at his hip bones and laved his nipples. The way he’d kissed his neck, his lips, delving into his mouth as though sipping ambrosia.  And when he had tongued him open, fucking into his hole with the same fervor as he did his mouth, Castiel had writhed on the bed like a wild animal.
“Miss me already, sweetheart?”
“That’s enough,” Dean said sharply. “Go inside, Alistair.” With one long, lecherous look at Dean, the man turned and slipped inside of the bar.
“Lucifer was the eldest and was encouraged to marry at a very young age by his father. It was always imperative for these old families to have children to secure the family line. He was betrothed from infancy to Anna Milton,” Rowena indicted the winsome redhead in the photo. Her expression was almost blank, and Castiel wondered if that was her nature or merely the artist’s rendering. “Unfortunately,” Rowena said, with a glance up at the painting, “no children were conceived from the marriage; in fact, it wasn’t long after Lucifer and Anna were wed, that poor girl became mute. No doctor could explain why.”
“Dean. I was looking for you,” Michael said, and Dean shrugged.
Castiel felt sucker punched. Where had he gone wrong if Dean actually felt that way? He didn’t know how but he needed to drive that assumption right out of Dean’s head. “Dean, do you
“He’s here now. And, he brought Gabriel and Meg,” he sighed, turning to Castiel. “I’m sorry.”
“What? Lay off, man, what’s your problem?” Dean’s voice was both defensive and irritated and Castiel’s brow furrowed in concern.  He’d only been gone for an hour when he feigned ill, bailing on his blind date, and things had been fine between the two men when Castiel left.
Anna held out her hand to Emmanuel, who sighed in mock exasperation. “Small bills, please, I have to pay the paperboy tomorrow.”
Sam chuckled. “I guess, all I can say is let yourself feel what you feel. You say you’re angry. I get that. I was too. Jess and I had our whole lives, and in one second, she’s gone, and why? 'Cause some douchebag left their candle burning at her dorm?”
In that two week period, they also found time to get Emmanuel a PCP and both of them made sure to get a full work-up done, eager to enjoy each other’s bodies with nothing between them but skin. The first time Emmanuel entered him without a condom they’d both had to freeze, Dean to keep from clenching on the hard, silken heat buried inside of him and Emmanuel, from coming on the first thrust.
“Don’t be mean to the guy bearing bread,” Gabriel said as he shoved the loaf into Dean’s hands, Sam following behind with an amused expression.
Castiel was having a strange day. He didn’t know how else to describe it. He awoke in the morning with nervous, excited energy coupled with a sort of feeling of disbelief.
“May I ask, Rowena,” Castiel said, with a quick look at Dean, “ did there happen to be a fire on the estate?”
. He’d talk to him about Bartholomew later. Maybe when Dean wasn’t rocking in his lap, telltale bulge rubbing against his own.
“What?” Castiel sputtered, nearly asperating his mouthful of cheesy-beany goodness.
“How was your nap?”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “
“It’s fine. This may sound creepy in its own way for someone you’ve just met, but… I trust you,” Emmanuel cocked his head at Dean and he heard a soft puff of air escape the man’s full, pink lips.
Winchester. Of course, his new half-brother waited a week into the job before working up the courage to say anything. Since then, Dean has mostly been avoiding him. He didn't know what to say to the kid, could barely remember most of the conversation they had, just this wild buzzing in his head and a vague recollection giving Adam Sam's number and sending him off to do an oil change.
Dean opened up the cooler and handed Castiel a chicken salad sandwich in a ziplock bag, and a paper plate to put it on. He also dug out a bag of chips, and the bottle of screw-top white, which he poured into red solo cups.
When Dean entered the room, Castiel seemed calmer and he surveyed Dean with a curious detachment that made his stomach ache, but he pressed on and situated himself back in the chair beside the bed.
“They weren’t home when we came out here,” Castiel pointed out, and Dean shrugged.
The end
Dean didn’t hesitate. “Yes, sir.”
Dean had said it before, and he would say it again; his husband was hot.  And not in a subtle way. No, he was hot in an obvious,
Castiel looked down at the picture, seeing watery blue eyes in a lean face, with a sandy-haired mustache and a sparse beard.
“-lucky you didn’t get kicked out for public indecency,” Dean heard Meg say as he left the ensuite.
“Ms. MacLeod,” Sam spoke up, only to have their hostess press a long manicured finger to his lips. Sam’s eyes crossed as he followed the movement, and Dean covered his laugh with a cough.
“Cas, do you not trust me?” Dean, the wounded tone, had Cas’ armor cracking immediately as he stared at Dean in astonishment.
“Yessir, kemosabe. Actually, can you add a little mint to the mix? And I’ll take a Turkish coffee,” Ash said as he sank down into the seat next to Castiel, giving him a high five.
Bobby, John, and Sam had no doubt left at the ass crack of dawn. Dean knew there was no way he was getting Castiel up that early, especially after last night. Dean had managed to coax Castiel out of his room long enough to help him make homemade pizza. Sam, Jo, and Charlie had come over, along with Max, to Dean’s surprise. The man was handsome and not subtle, and when Jo had cornered him in the kitchen about dating, he’d almost wanted to say yes, just to get his brother and their nosy friends to back off.
“I just wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable with my new… lifestyle,” Castiel said trepidatiously and let out a relieved breath when Gabriel scoffed.
“Friday after next, I’m going out of town with Jimmy,” the words were said in such a way as to defy comment, “I know it’s my weekend to open, but if you wouldn’t mind, I’ll take the next two in a row.”
“I thought this just had potting soil and whatnot in here,” Castiel said and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Not even your condoms?—Wait, scratch that. I bet you two bareback.”
“So, what? You wanna, like, investigate?” Sam asked, brows arched, while Castiel tried and failed to hold back his amused half-smile.
“It’s kind of my birthday, they won’t get that mad,” Castiel replied and Dean shrugged when he couldn’t find any fault with that logic.
soap, and cheap strawberry scented
“What’s the matter?” Castiel tilted his head quizzically, in his bird-like fashion.  “You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” Castiel said slowly, with sad realization. “From what, my love? Your guilt?”
“Remember, no glove, no love,” Dean said shamelessly, earning himself a wink.
“Remember the night we went out? Before the senior camping trip? Then.”
“Hey, there, Bela,” Dean drawled, making no attempt to disentangle his hand from Cas’, thumb brushing across Castiel’s wedding ring gently.
“Of course, Sam,” Castiel added. “You can have your old room back, and I’ll just take over- I mean
So many things had changed for Castiel over the past few years, and now he had gone and quit his job and roped his best friend into coming back home with him for a wedding he really didn’t want to attend. Not to mention facing memories of Dean leaving that he’d rather not relive.
"No, you're not."
“You know what the doctor said, quit your whining. Let Sam know there’s a big bowl of fruit salad with those mango slices he likes in the back of the fridge.“
“That’s not the point. What did you think was going to happen, huh? You’d come here, seduce me, and try this baby thing for real?” The way she blanched told Castiel that was precisely what April had thought. “God, did I ever know you at all? Have you always been this way?”
“And every time, at least once a night, I remember our parents danced to this song.  Mom and Becky would hold their red solo cups up high and belt out the chorus Dad and Chuck would dance, just horrifically,” Dean said with an amused smile. “God, we laughed. It got to the point where us kids would all join in till we knew all the words too.”
“Sure, why not? We could go a few days early, see our folks. Be nice to be back home for the fourth, and both our moms have been begging us to come to visit for a while now,” something Dean has been deftly avoiding to spare Cas from having to run into his brother and his ex, as Castiel's parents Chuck and Naomi were Dean’s parent’s best friends and neighbors.
Umnaya: Clever
They climbed the stairs to the loft and began their nightly ritual, stripping down to boxer briefs and tugging on tee-shirts.
“Dean… Dean, fuck, I’m gonna come,” the words were a dark and rough warning, and he could feel Cas’ body quivering against him, and all Dean wanted was that explosion on his tongue.  Dean took Cas as far as he could, successfully suppressing his gag reflex as Cas hit the back of his throat. Dean could barely breathe, his hand flying over his own cock as the guttural litany of groans Castiel was letting out had Dean coming unexpectedly over his fist, and he swallowed reflexively, triggering Cas to unleash his load to the back of Dean’s throat.
“Huh. I wonder if that’s why he cornered me in the store. You know, trying to feel us out for information?”
Luckily for Dean, aside from reading auras and heal chakras, Castiel was damn good at the Heimlich maneuver as well.
“Excellent, a meal and a
“No, I don’t. Letting people in… beyond the superficial… ,” Dean forced himself to meet Jimmy’s gaze head-on. “I don’t do that. I have reasons for that and the therapy receipts to prove it but I’m not ready to talk about that yet,” Dean said, arching a brow, almost in challenge, but Jimmy only looked at him tenderly.
Castiel stared at Dean, greedily, as he began to rid himself of his clothes. Castiel followed suit, loving the wanton way Dean was raking his eyes over his body. When Dean crawled on the bed, Castiel surprised him pushing him onto his back, laughing when Dean sheepishly pushed the bottle of lube still resting on the comforter out of the way.
“Only the last few years. My folks worry about me, about the fact that I don’t have friends.“ Dean shook his head and sighed. “About the fact that I have never been away from this town overnight in roughly twenty-nine years,” Dean’s voice held shame and Emmanuel looked at him sharply.
Dean reached into the cooler and pulled out a bud light, and handed it to Cas before taking one out for himself. Castiel shoved at him when Dean playfully flicked the condensation from the bottle into his face.
Castiel held up his camera with a soft smile.
Dean drove long past his shift in the rotation, but surprisingly, Sam didn’t say anything about it until they hit Illinois, insisting he take his turn driving. Dean didn’t bother protesting. He needed a break anyway.  They hit a rest area in Paw Paw. While Sam used the bathroom, Dean crowded Castiel up against the side of a vending machine outside of the little general store.  Cas’ hands were tugging at his hair as Dean trailed desperate kisses down the column of his throat. Cas smelled of lemongrass and sweat, and he tasted deliciously earthy.
“Damn, you’re pretty, Cas,” Dean said reverently, as though he wasn’t an Adonis himself astride Castiel’s thighs looking flushed, eyes naked with need. Castiel couldn’t help surging up, fisting his hands at the back of Dean’s head, gripping the burnt honey strands and plundering his mouth. The glide of his tongue against Dean’s was wet and silky and he moaned deep in his throat when he felt teeth nip at his bottom lip.
“You’re so beautiful, don’t be mad at me,” Dean pouted, finding it unfair that Castiel was sitting so far away from him just because he
Dean’s brow furrowed for a second. “The tea guy? The one with that commercial of the butterflies and bees, and that dude flying a red kite?”
Castiel rolled his eyes. "Of course I'm dating him," he gave in. "He just doesn't know we're dating." Castiel took another gulp. "It's fine. He'll get there."
“But why here? Was this town special to your mom?”
Jimmy made him feel things he hadn’t allowed himself in… ever. It was more than just how sexy he was; all male, and scruff, and strength. That was part of it. He’d gone through more lube in the past month than he had in the prior nine and he couldn’t even apologize for it; the man was a walking orgasm. If Dean wasn’t such a fan of his work, he would think the man was clueless to his physical appeal, except there was no way someone wrote sex like that and had no understanding of the heat and attraction between the two of them.
Dean hummed Cherry Pie around the tines of his fork, a smudge of tart fruit on his lips, and Castiel swiped it away with his thumb, and brought it to his lips, licking it off. Dean’s eyes followed his movement, and Castiel arched a brow.
His breath hitched when he spread Dean’s bowed legs and revealed his pucker, tracing the dusky wrinkled skin softly, making Dean’s stomach muscles quiver. Emmanuel stroked his own cock lazily as he fingered at Dean’s hole, not breaching yet, just gentle brushes until Dean’s legs began to tremble with impatience and want.
“Michael. Well, I only knew him a handful of months before I met you. He was in a couple of Sam and Gabriel's law classes early on, used to get invited to a lot of off-campus house parties,” Dean said as he fiddled with the label on his bottle. “Self-proclaimed player, Michael is. He’s not real considerate of other people’s relationships because he thinks they never last, so what’s the harm in flirting?”
Castiel cupped Dean’s cheeks, leaning in to kiss his pouty lips, effectively wiping the confused look off of his husband's face.
“Just water, please.”
managed to push out a torrent of words.
“You were a child,” Castiel said sharply, though his eyes for Dean were soft.  “ I hear your voice in my head now, you know. When I sleep. I hear that little boy's voice screaming my name, and Dean,” Castiel struggled to maintain his composure, “you did everything you possibly could, okay? You have nothing to feel guilty over, I want that out of your head. Come on,” Castiel stepped back and grasped Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers. “ Shower with me and we’ll wash off this day, hmm?” he said with an arched brow that always made Dean’s eyes glint with possibilities.
"Becky's harmless," Castiel grinned. "She'll grow on you. Aside from her, there's just Jack. He's a busboy-slash-handyman. The kid wants to be a vet and is taking classes at ABC."
Dean snickered at how well his brother knew him and Castiel.
Castiel cut the engine with a scowl as he pulled in the drive. He was supposed to be able to park his Continental in the garage with Dean’s Baby- a shiny black 67’ Chevy Impala-, but there was Cole’s truck in Cas’ spot instead. Castiel could hear music and the smell of a bonfire, typical of most summer evenings at home. His best friend and their
Dean could feel eyes on him as soon as he walked back into the bar. He ignored the glare from Alistair, though if looks could kill, Castiel would have iced the creepy perv with a blink of his crystal blue eyes. Dean nodded his head in thanks towards Benny and Mick for holding down the fort.
He didn't have to wait long.
"That was a pretty good answer, Cas," Dean said, pressing his brow to Castiel's with a gentle laugh.
he met Professor Cain Mullen. He was a blue-eyed silver fox who kept Castiel entertained with stories of his beekeeping, even encouraging Cas to stop by and sample his honey.
“You’re kidding?” Emmanuel scoffed, sliding his gaze up to Dean’s, to see if he was joking.
“They were out, and proud, and so happy. And I remember watching them have their first dance, and the way they looked at each other like there was nothing more important than each other's happiness,” Cas shook his head softly, “I knew at that moment that no matter how much I loved Daphne, we didn't have that kind of love. We couldn't.”
"Hey, don't look at me like that," Dean said to Castiel with mock sternness.
Dean didn't dare look around, knowing if he saw Castiel or Gabriel, he might not be able to school his face in time. The bright sunlight made Dean flinch, and his hand came up automatically to shield his eyes. He felt nauseous, stomach-churning as a wave of dizziness almost had him stumbling against the hood of the car. Refusing to throw up, Dean forced his legs to move and trudged across the asphalt, boot-clad feet feeling heavy and awkward.
Dean snorted. “Something about overcrowding and good behavior.” He so wasn’t ready to deal with his dad. With any of it.
“I know it’s past our midnight dinner plans, but I don’t see any reason why they have to change,” Dean said as they walked to the Impala. He stopped by the passenger side door and lifted Castiel’s sore knuckles to his lips for a gentle kiss. Dean hissed when he saw that they were bruised, then kissed them again. Castiel’s heart melted a bit at the romantic gesture.
he should have just run his ass home. Instead, when Dean passed one of the alleys between the bar and the waterfront warehouses and heard screaming, he went running with no backup or call to the police.
“Welcome home, Cas.”
Castiel stepped forward, and Dean’s eyes flashed to his, both amused and relieved, and Cas sent him a wicked smile, before turning to the woman, with a dangerously arched brow.
The bell jingling at the door signaled more patrons, but when Cas turned to look, it was just Jo’s older brother Ash. He watched as the mullet-haired genius
“What’s wrong,” Castiel asked, concerned by his quietness, but Dean only shrugged, eyes still focused on the house.
“I think I always knew,” Daphne’s soft words brought him back from his musings and he cocked his head in question. “You’re not as subtle as you think,” she said with a small smile gracing her face. “Your eyes tend to linger on the same men I find attractive,” Daphne gave a little laugh as Castiel’s brows rose in surprise. Did he do that? How had he not been aware?
Castiel nodded. “Yes. I am hopeful that being here is just what I need to trigger my memories into coming back.” Dean smiled at Cas’ words, where he sat perched on the arm of the sectional.
Castiel stroked Dean's cheek, thumbing at his pouting lip in the exam room.
to begin, all rosy-cheeked from the cold and holding twin cups of cocoa.
“So, listen, E.J., I know this is going to sound crazy but I have a room for rent and it’s yours if you want it.”
“Holy, hell, Cas,” Dean let out a breathless laugh, body shaking against Castiel’s. “What the fuck was that?”
Castiel studied his brother, hearing the truth and regret in his words. Music played quietly around them and across the patio where he caught Dean’s eye as he twirled Castiel’s mother around the dance floor. He felt himself settle at the sight, warmth and desire curling in his stomach at the loving smile his best friend sent his way, touched that Dean would humor Naomi, even though he detested dancing.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, the wonder unmistakable.
"She's a classic," Dean defended, and Jack's lip twitched in a way that made Dean think of Cas. "But he's right. Any car is easy to get into, but this ain't the movies where you cross the wires, and magic happens. Everything is computerized now."
Dean could smell him before he saw him. Over the aroma of toasted bread was a bright bouquet of lemon balm and oranges, and Dean groaned when he turned to find his husband shower damp and clad in a thick white towel that made his eyes seem stormy blue.
to recover, but everything I have seen since I woke up, everything I feel? It tells me that this is a life I want to know again. I just need you to be patient with me.”
“Hey, my brother bought me this shirt,” the man said, fingering the dark material, pouting, but Dean’s patience was running out.
check. Han Solo, because only the best for Cas.
“Jesus Christ, Sam, no, I am not doing this because I need money. I like Cas. For some reason, he likes me too, and we’re gonna see what happens.” Dean struggled for a second, looking at Castiel who simply smiled.
Dean sat up, accepting the plate of scrambled eggs and bacon, immediately biting into a slice and moaning a little too enthusiastically for company. "This is great, thanks, Cas."
“Okay. Okay, I can do this,” Dean said, making his way into the living room and standing in the center. Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes. At first, there was nothing. Then, he could hear them. Voices. Muffled, like he was listening underwater. Dean blinked his eyes, and it was like looking through a greasy film. Blurry. He squinted, blinking again and again until his vision cleared. A flash of anger and panic let Dean know that his possessor knew he was awake.
A slight tightening in Castiel's shoulders had Dean tensing as well, and though he didn't say so, he was sure Cas saw something.
“Heya, Cas.” The smooth, rich baritone of Dean’s voice made Castiel’s toes curl in his shoes, and once again he marveled at the power this man unknowingly had over him.
“I thought you might,” Castiel’s said with a husky laugh. Clutching Dean as close as possible, Castiel closed his eyes, loose-limbed and relaxed, and fatigue finally beginning to drag him under.
Dean sighed, sliding his hands up and settling at Castiel’s waist, thumbing at his hip bones through the material of his clothes. Dean pitched his head forward and rested against Castiel's firm stomach, and Cas relished the feeling of it, as his fingers combed in Dean's hair.
“Cassie, I — ” Gabriel stuttered, but Castiel held up a hand.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Castiel practically prayed, cock still pulsing, buried to the hilt, hot come filling Dean as he clutched the man even tighter to himself as they both panted frantically.
