wasn’t the one who wanted it) Sherlock rolled it over him, watching John’s penis bob, as John dropped his head back in a low groan, words shattering (and probably profane?) ‘Christ, fuck,
John’s jaw was clenched shut, and he waited, evaluating Sherlock carefully. Then: ‘You’re saying you’ll… keep me in the loop? Properly in the loop?’
Sherlock slurred across the surface of his consciousness, voice dripping derisively, ‘If you can manage to emerge from the depths for a moment… I believe this would be an excellent opportunity to yield to your proposition. Lest you get impatient waiting any longer.’
Over the last fifty-six days, John’s interest in dogs that they happened to come into contact — or even eye-line — with, had risen proportionally to his (ineffective) attempts to disguise that interest. The catalysing incident had been a case during which, stashed overnight in a barn at a preeminent thoroughbred stable in Yorkshire, an infamously vicious dog (a mixed-breed Alsatian and Bullmastiff) had made for Sherlock, only to sniff his hand and, as it were, jog on. John’s audible sigh of relief had been slightly a bit excessive: dogs had been Sherlock’s first (love, he might have said, to John privately, but more importantly his first) species study in reading cues. Knowing — or rather, being told — from an early age that his ability to interpret emotions and thereby predict actions was ‘inadequate’ [a word that had burned onto his mind in bright red official ink, bleeding through every page of his self-assessment], he had turned to dogs. Dogs were simpler, tended not to mind of you spent hours with them observing their responses, and had been thoroughly studied, meaning there was a mass of literature on ‘Knowing Your Dog’ that Sherlock had been able to consume in order to verify his own findings. By the time of the dog in the night-time, nothing happened, as Sherlock had known from the dog’s body language it would. But John had seemed to consider it a brush with a mauling.
John nodded back, keeping eye-contact because Sherlock was half-a million miles away but had looked back from whatever wild, mad scheme had got into his head to make sure John was with right there with him. John wanted to trust him. Another moment ticked by, in which a siren blared round the corner before settling off into the distance. Eventually Sherlock’s phone buzzed, calling his attention away, and John decided he really ought to get the food put away before he went to bed.
‘By all means, madam, don’t let me keep you,’ he gloated, back to his normal, punchable self. ‘A shame to miss breakfast, I see, but I’m afraid I have an appointment. Good morning, brother mine. John.’
‘And yet nothing else was taken?’ Sherlock went on, with a tone of disbelief, and the Countess inclined her head.
John very much doubted – in fact, was prepared to lay down several thousand pounds and possibly an insignificant toe to prevent – the previous night’s turn of events ever appearing on his blog. From the looks of things this morning, though, it would a long while before he and Sherlock got around to addressing it themselves.
As the doors closed, John considered how, had things been very, very different, he would have thought Sherlock an insensitive arse for his behaviour. As it was, John was absolutely mad, a fact he recognised by his powerful longing to seize the moment and press Sherlock against the finely polished wall of the lift and see how breathless he could make him before they reached the lobby. But – again? Really? – Sherlock had placed himself in the farthest possible place in the not especially large confined space, making John’s fantasy seem wholly unwelcome. He put his hands on his thighs instead and said, ‘You can see why she got work.’
Angry though this made him, not least for the swipe at Sherlock’s past (no doubt also alluding to the morphine levels John had guided), John looked to Sherlock’s strained eyes, which widened slightly at this reply; turned to see Mycroft’s incompletely-stifled embarrassment. Sometimes with Holmeses he forgot how to read between the lines, but… possibly this was the closest they could get to expressions of sentiment.
Side by side sleepily afterwards, Sherlock closed his eyes. ‘Oud and bergamot. Exactly right, as I knew it would be.’
‘I like it,’ he announced loudly, as two lads in football kit and high-vis trainers (it was broad daylight. Honestly.) walked past chatting loudly (one hated his job — skipping off today, meeting with uni friends, hoping to network with other friend’s colleagues for new job; had golden retriever; parents in/from Shropshire; frequent user of online dating apps —; the other, almost identical, but with a girlfriend and her cat).
For one thing, he wasn’t sure even now how Sherlock would have taken the gesture. Whatever else he had found out yesterday — beyond some evidence that Gruener was in deeper with the worst kinds of crime (
John’s body knew before he did that he needed to be closer, just three steps closer, to Sherlock, but arriving there, at an intimate-but-respectable distance less than an arm’s length apart, he felt something flutter behind his sternum, choking the rest of him to get out.
(Thus, the source of Mycroft’s great maxim: ‘Caring is not an advantage.’ Because unquestionably it would be necessary to break into Gruener’s estate and search for clues, if not tonight — and it seemed all hell would break loose if Sherlock carried out that mission just now — then very soon. So long as Gruener kept, as Sherlock suspected, the whole or the critical piece of his collection in a place he deemed adequately safe, naturally it would come down to locating said place and plundering it, even against the (frankly, moderate) risk of injury or discovery.)
The air in the flat transformed to resemble a nothing quite so much as a stake-out. With preoccupied voices, they traded information from documents spread over every available surface, buoyed up by constant fillings and fillings of mugs of tea.
The house either resonated with the television — overloud when Anne fell asleep in front of it (some daytime rubbish she put on as much to keep him company in the next room as for herself, often left blaring when she left that John never bothered to shut off) — or the ticking of the antique carriage clock, only keeping the right time because John had wound it (maybe for the first time in a decade) his first night here. They washed his dad and turned him to prevent bedsores. With Anne’s help, they changed the sheets that second Monday, making smalltalk about the lads in the army with him and her own son who was dating a ‘no-good’ girl that, by the sound of it, was only keen on him for the free lifts to and from her job at the chemist’s.
for nearly a quarter of an hour. Had it not been for the guard (an idiot with a hangover, only marginally more effective than a scarecrow), Sherlock would have located the book, covered his tracks, and been on his way back to Baker Street before Gruener had even made an appearance. Still. Sticking to the script had its uses.
‘Don’t do anything too dangerous while I’m gone, yeah?’ One last swooping peck of a kiss (mouth reddened). ‘Can’t have you hogging all the fun.’
John brought his nearly finished tea and sat. Evidently Sherlock had rearranged things last night, after he’d gone to bed (since their chairs had, he was pretty sure, been facing the settee when they’d got in), so that they were facing each other again.
‘We also have a precious stone worth several million pounds in this room, John. Let’s not shout too much about recent transactions or Mrs. Hudson will feel compelled raise our rent.’ Sherlock got up and made for his coat, cool detective persona falling away as his eager scavenger hunt side took over. ‘Talking of which, I need you to go back to the Cosmopolitan –’
Sherlock was already close, he could tell, his hips were out of rhythm with the rest of his body and his breath was shot, his eyes screwed tight as he bit his lip, and John didn’t stop, wanted to see it, applied every fibre of his being into pushing Sherlock over the edge.
‘What—?’ he begins to ask, but Rosie is shifting restlessly in his arms, planting her face in his neck.
In a flash and whip of papers they were both on their feet, a collision of mouth and hands, teeth biting into lips and tongues and fresh-revealed skin like faint pinpricks of barbed wire, sharp enough to hurt. The burn of hot chilies across his taste buds almost made him laugh.
Then as now he got the brunt of it, a hot, red-orange stain setting fast to his cuffs and the leather of his brogues, so he ducked out of the queue for some spare serviettes (the flimsy miniature kind, of course — as if they expected the only people who made messes had child-sized hands?). Beginning to wipe and dab where flecks of piping creamy tomato had splattered, he held out a handful to —
‘Yes, yes,’ John droned, standing up and collecting the emptied (plastic) water pitcher. ‘Takes away from the victory of solving the riddle.’
The less-than-glamourous part of this job, he mused to himself as he charted with all the notations and dangling sentences he’d typed up with half an eye on the screen while listening to the slightly round-faced man explain his headaches, was the paperwork. The boring bits they never showed on telly: filling out intake sheets, marching back and forth with charts, NHS pamphlets, gauze and bandages, collecting test results, reading x-rays, muttering to nurses as patients arrived or left, sometimes seeing people into ambulances (once in a while at a run with a shout to clear the way, but far more often at an elderly pace as various cases that needed admitting for overnight care were sent on from John’s exam room to a hospital bed). Seldom was someone gushing blood, or someone else presenting with a mystery disease. And more than anything, first, last, and in between: paperwork.
Milky tea in hand, he turned for the sitting room, then stopped short. He was surprisingly unsurprised.
As ever, despite departing from the show at TRF, corresponding moments tether my version to canon-Series 3, because WOW even still it's hard to believe some of that actually happened.
)), he instead remained silent. Trained to hold position even when his body screamed for action. At last he shuffled,
A strange, pensive look was dappled across John’s face, so Sherlock checked again that they had Ovid’s attention. One long moment later, John, inhaling as if to prepare himself to dive into a frozen pool, repeated, ‘Papagena.’
Sherlock would probably wake if he tried to throw a blanket over him and, since tonight’s portion of the little pill sorter on the dresser was empty beside a 2/3 full cup of water (the glass they usually kept by the loo sink), there was no reason to wake him.
God, if anyone had told him a year ago that he’d be standing in black tie after the opera at just before midnight having Sherlock Holmes beg him to bugger him, he would have broken their nose before they’d finished their sentence. Somehow it was a sobering thought.
Sherlock’s clusters of deductions were swerving, coalescing into a clearer picture of what they were dealing with.
John was scooting to lever his now-bare back against the arm of the sofa as he lifted his hips to rid himself of his jeans — Sherlock helped —
Molly was looking at Sherlock with concern. ‘Did you have — I mean — if you’d rather sit on the sofa, I can use the desk.’
‘God, Sherlock,’ John kept saying, uncontrollably hard, fighting pressing his own erection into Sherlock’s through the unforgiving tightness of his jeans. ‘God, you’re
John’s tense resistance like a concrete wall instantly erected around himself, protecting him from Sherlock’s onslaught. (Yet for over an hour, John and Suze had sat there, sharing some unreachable common thread, an inside joke between people who’d only just met. One of John’s well-worn skills, intimacy. All highlighting the simple fact: John needed other people; Sherlock didn’t.)
‘Very impressive,’ John smirks. Evidently Sherlock’s occasional protestations of being able to cure his various scrapes and bruises have distilled in Rosie’s head into a belief in magical self-healing. ‘How about we take this jumper off so you can get comfy with Peppa Pig? Did you see any real pigs?’
Fortunately, it was his second full day of consciousness, so he was able to perceive the minute twinge of — emotion: discomfort, reluctance:
Mycroft stared for a moment at Flint, his expression reminiscent of a man interrupted midway through a succulently spiced gammon and asked if he would like some ketchup. Eventually he continued, ‘Touching though this turn to domesticity is,’ (Sherlock glared; he was
It twisted in his gut, the wrong-footedness of this whole conversation: they had planned — John had been clearly thinking all day about it, even bought extra supplies in a very conspicuous, self-defeatingly ‘subtle’ dark plastic bag — this morning he had looked at Sherlock like he wanted to ravish him in their sitting room where
, it was so infuriating, that the short distance between the door and the bed was inaccessible only as a result of Sherlock’s unsteadiness on his feet and a tangle of cords and wires. At times like this, John needed to have his boundaries pushed, to be seduced (usually in the less prurient sense, although now, probably literally too) into remembering that he didn’t enjoy playing by the rules or being a ‘good person’: he was a romantic, exceptional man, one for whom Sherlock had now defied death twice. For such a man to be fearful of the future was entirely anathema to his nature.
‘Do you mind if I plug in my own?’ she asked, already popping the jack into her laptop, one bud in an ear.
As I kissed him, with the sparks of affection and hunger which he alone excited in me, I allowed inwardly that perhaps he was partly right after all.
, was stolen. No CCTV in the corridor on that floor, but the Cosmopolitan have given us their footage from the service stairwell and you can quite plainly see Horner running down and out to his van at a little past five last evening. Still got to interview other staff, lots of them had gone home or been doing other jobs in the hotel when the Countess of Morcar realised her jewel was missing at around half-ten. Inspector Bradstreet is questioning Horner now.’
, there it was: Gruener’s boasts of being himself a craftsman of the very art he collected, the difficult work of replacing the photographs without help, Molly’s chemistry, Suze’s injuries. (Wagner?) Developing fluid, but – no – more effective, more… craftsmanlike, acid (ferric or nitric, depending on the artist’s preference for medium). Or even – he dusted over the label on the bottle in his Mind Laboratory –
, was the reason Sherlock felt a sharp drop in his chest and a flutter beneath his left pectoral muscle. Because Sherlock was unquestionably a better person (kinder, more patient, more selfless – he had done
as it fooled exactly no one as to the actual shape beneath the clothing — fit, lanky, pudgy, undernourished, obese, etc. — all plain as day. Suze was a case-in-point. But John was positively the exception that proved the rule. The scent, the
importance that they never, ever leak out of the dark box he stuffed them in? So far, yes, Sherlock’d somehow struck the perfect balance of sexually voracious and occasionally aloof, giving John enough time to get a mental running start on wanting, for example, to suck him off, something — good 90% of his life — he genuinely hadn’t contemplated at all. With Mary, he’d done everything in the right order, if at breakneck speed: flirting, sex, seriousness, rude and awkward realism, proper caring. (She’d really seemed to care for
sober, he reminded himself, picturing the chips on the mantle in her modern, over-decorated, squished flat.)
still brushing his cheek, even now keeping him warm against such gloriously typical London autumn drizzle… Today his imagination wove fantasies out of the threads of the morning, painting a vision of a moon- and candle-lit villa on the edge of some island beach, Sherlock seated across from him, collar opened at the top of a crisp white shirt, none of him grey or wrinkled but just as he was now, breathtaking, as the ocean whispered over their dinner, long fingers caressing the stem of a wine glass dewed against the tropical breeze, quiet and smiling and all John’s.
I could just go back to my flat. Obviously we’ll leave all the’ — she glanced around at the bomb site that had exploded in the sitting room and into the kitchen — ‘stuff where it is, for now. And come back in the morning. It wouldn’t have to be long, I’d be back as early as possible.’
‘Deeply though I respect your insistence on candour,’ Damery hedged, ‘surely you must also understand that my work depends on my ability to put myself forward in the place of others. I believe if you heard the whole story you would change your mind. Might I at least describe it to you in more detail?’
‘But at least they’ve had the oven timer replaced,’ Sherlock went on, upending the lamb over the rice he’d oh-so-elegantly globbed onto a plate. His mouth was on fire (John could tell from the way his nostrils were flared), but the stubborn git was also probably half-starved and definitely more-than-half mental. ‘I was wondering when they would realise it wasn’t just the kitchen staff all miraculously going deaf.’ With two fingers, he swiped around the inside corners to slide the remaining red sauce onto his plate, before licking them clean.
‘It’s not just her. It’s… Did you ever see someone with big, dark, romantic eyes, Mr. Holmes? And at first you think,
’ with as much authority as he could muster, because he wanted to believe that he would know, somehow, if Sherlock had already stopped breathing: he was, as Sherlock had accused him too many times, a romantic. But he was also a doctor and a soldier and romance hadn’t saved anyone before.
: that ship was not only sailed, but probably had crashed into an iceberg, broken in two, and sunk to the depths of the metaphorical ocean.
another person was almost secondary (though not quite) to the wave of relief that settled on his sweat-dotted skin. Sherlock was
John gasped and laughed and swore and jumped all at once, which again seemed remarkably complex when Sherlock felt too muddled to do more than
—’ (he waved over to his abdomen, muscles protesting less than yesterday) ‘— or any other of his prior offenses.’
‘Curious,’ said Mycroft to his back. ‘I little expected you to take such a sentimental tack. And yet, he is rather the sort of puzzle you like to solve.’
‘Watson,’ grumbled the much-tried voice across the room. I looked up, to find Holmes’s aquiline nose still directed towards the crowded pages of the South London Entomological and Natural History Society quarterly.
About ten minutes after the ambulance carrying the Baron on a stretcher pulled away through the fleet of police cars, Mycroft arrived.
It wasn’t a question, but John couldn’t help lowering the paper and staring at him openly. The feline grin was back.
Turning to John, he felt the familiar rush of the pursuit of an interesting case suffusing through his system, interlaced with the inextinguishable hormone response to John’s battle-ready glint of camaraderie.
He’d taken out his ringing mobile before he really knew what he’d done; his head was still smarting with thoughts of how
Swamp-voiced, Sherlock muttered, ‘There is no — logical reason why a royal “arse” should be — any more attractive than any other.’
that dull brainwork,’ – John gritted his teeth, balled fingers digging into each other, but Sherlock careered on – ‘she had very little left to lose and a waning window in which to get even what pittance she could. There simply wasn’t time to inform you of developments until they were already in progress. I could hardly text you while you and Molly were impersonating people, “Dear John, do be careful, Gruener’s former lover may turn up and try to kill him. Best you try first. Hope no one else reads this!
Sherlock dug his spoon straight into the stone-cold container then shoved it into his mouth with an eyeroll. After a second, he managed thickly, ‘Mrs. Paupel’s sister must be pregnant again,’ lips curling as he swallowed his heaping mouthful of food.
of mornings (hell, lots of nights too) waking up to an otherwise empty bed. But the thing that was making him want to crawl on top of the duvet beside Sherlock, leave the food and the case and the world outside to Molly and everyone else, was the sense that
,’ Sherlock drawled disdainfully, with such a sneer in his voice that John couldn’t repress a wince. His good humour with this day – or whatever remained of it – evaporated.
‘That’s so good of you, John,’ cooed Mrs Hudson approvingly. ‘What a lovely thought. That’s just like you. Isn’t it, Sherlock?’
, and I might take you up on that this year. Though really Molly is the one who gives the best presents.’
A few relatives had the decency to phone, but as soon as John — temper frayed, defeated and terse sounding, and shorn of any pretense of politeness or patience — gave them the prognosis, they started sending bouquets and condolence cards instead. The man
sure to keep the rest of his body in contact with John’s (who nuzzled closer and huffed something of a laugh and kissed his neck as Sherlock leaned over to the table and, quite impressively for a man with less than full utility of one limb, found the correct page and scrawled as meticulously as circumstances would allow):
recollection of the incident itself. I can tell you where I was and whom I was with; but until you provide me with the weapon I cannot provide you with a
Canon references, characters, and other incidental allusions continue to belong to wherever they came from. Errors, on the other hand, are entirely my own.
, how can you…’ John’s throat caught on nothing. He wanted to laugh, or scream. ‘You prat. You treated me like shit today and all I could think, all day, was how I would follow you to bloody Antarctica if that’s where I had to go to stop you being beat to a pulp. You’re…’ He stopped and looked at his hands, clasped white-knuckled on his knees, only inches from Sherlock’s knees.
– come up with anything better to say, he simply cleared his throat. ‘Which is to say, I fancy some chips. I know a place, near Hyde Park. Open all night.’
John grinned. ‘Yeah, well, not sure he’ll be remembering that, the night he’s having. He wanted to make sure I told you.’
At this moment in the previous five cases he and John had completed since his return – when he had arrived bruised and shaking and feeling excruciatingly, fundamentally alien – John had turned to him, mouth twisting in a smirk that he refused to dim. ‘Amazing,’ he had said, twice; ‘Brilliant,’ and ‘Wonderful,’ each once; ‘Not one for the blog, that’, most recently and with a laugh in his voice; and, on the first case after Sherlock’s return, only the smirk, a shared unspoken signal, followed by possibly the second hug he had ever received as an adult. This first post-case reaction had surprised Sherlock, not least because he and John, though by all accounts more demonstrative than many friends and even some couples, did not previously hug. More than anything, though, Sherlock had been staggered. He felt the lightening of something in his chest, a thing which had been leeching off every heartbeat he had endured while being ‘away’. Pressed between him and John, his own arms wrapping high around John’s shoulders and clinging slightly childishly to him, the horrible evil thing in Sherlock’s chest had been squished out of existence. He had felt the first genuine smile crack his face since John had clocked the chief superintendent roughly 800 days earlier.
, with that fractional margin reserved for the moment when he succeeded in saying it out loud to Sherlock’s face and thus caused it to be completely, whole-heartedly true.
The day crawled by, with no texts or overly interesting appointments to break up the monotony. It was, by the looks of things, going to be an exceptionally uninteresting, cloudy, humdrum morning.
‘Consider this a warning, then: you can’t stop him. And you should give up trying. For real this time. Today, is my suggestion.’
Most of all, the way he (coward, fool) was afraid to say it all out loud, suspected that the cases would always win – as he knew they would, should even, since in the great balance of human affairs, he was so, so unimportant and the lives of the girls they’d saved on this case, the wrongs Sherlock had righted, even when he’d been away doing
Sherlock heard his exit cue in this performance piece. He had solved his client’s case, at any rate, and wanted to wash his hands, in every possible sense, of it.
As ever, John’s mind leapt into action. (He would have made an excellent pirate.) Sherlock would, of course, far rather have John beside him for this venture than anyone else, but, for a variety of reasons he’d calculated during the night (difference in likelihood of being recognised together versus separately: considerable; John’s request for Sherlock to desist narrating to John his own feelings about such things as his fragrance preferences, his craving for danger; their rendezvous scheduled for the nuptial preparatory reception), he put his preference aside.
Sherlock met John’s eyes briefly, but John looked away. His frustration resurfaced anew, gripping his neck like a physical hold. Sherlock’s sneer, and now these theatrics. This magic trick was an indulgence, at best, while back in Kent, Mrs St Clair sat wondering if today was the day she would have to identify her husband’s lifeless body. Whatever Sherlock had planned, John was tired of it; they needed to find Neville, or his body, and soon.
things, to remember sentimentally significant dates and occasions and rituals, to drop everything when the other person needs something. You will want to have sex more than I do; you will miss having sex with women. But you should have all of those things!’
The way to keep Sherlock out of his own head was, he knew, by diverting him via his own argumentatively stubborn
–  he pinned Mary’s arms, pushed her unmoving body beyond of arm’s length of the second also unmoving guard (Ricoletti), grabbed both guns – sent one cascading across the floor into a far, out-of-reach, obscured corner, the second to stow it in his own waistband like John would do, like he himself had done too often in their 797 days apart – extracted multiple twist-ties from the depths of his pockets –
He shifted in his seat, cursing the damned waiter for now cleverly hiding in the kitchen rather than trying to cut short what was clearly a rant Harry had been stocking up for a while.
Some murmuring from the kitchen and answering coddling murmurs of affirmation grated on his already taxed nerves, so he retreated further into his Mind Palace.
— He felt the world tip, in slow motion, sideways as he staggered, confused, stunned, watching the warm spot on his green jumper turn slowly brown…
’), brushing his lips over scars which had not been there for him to kiss the day in Buckingham Palace, would never have been there in the first place if he had been able to save Sherlock, to love him enough, Before, and Sherlock whispered John’s name again and again and again, and John felt like his heart knocked so hard it would surely kick out of his chest.
He’d explained, briefly, the plan. Sherlock’s version of said plan was, for once, appropriately simple: impersonate a private wealthy (read: dirty old pervert) fan of Gruener’s work, looking to collaborate on a project around Gruener’s collection. If there was an opportunity, John would meanwhile sneak a peak at any secret books, boxes, containers, apparatuses, or anything that looked promising; if he didn’t get a chance, they’d both memorise as much as possible to relay to Mycroft the moment the interview here was over and Sherlock was safely out of his costume and back at Baker Street. (It was distantly funny to him that
The high danger recently, as so often before, was Sherlock. That he would want to solve the case on his own, in the hopes of startling John into being impressed by the big reveal, rather than waiting for him to
Not even a question, it appeared. (Interesting: what had been the tipping point of John’s certainty of Sherlock’s involvement? Actual deductive reasoning? Or simple ‘gut instinct’?)
A second later he felt himself pushed steadily backward, shoving the uneven dividing board of the threshold almost painfully into his back, and he nearly drove the hands away, except they were John’s hands, and he was kissing him, and Sherlock couldn’t arrange his thoughts into anything more coherent than,
it was and how unashamed he was about what he wanted from Sherlock, this minute, here at this street crossing, in the alley against the brick if that had been most convenient…
‘I find that is often the case, yes,’ Sherlock agreed in a put-upon deadpan, sounding much more himself than this morning. ‘John, do come in and join us.’
‘No, no, that’s fine,’ she laughed, with a lovely Scottish accent, red lipstick complimenting a short-ish yellow dress as she quirked a smile.
. That reminded him. ‘Including this,’ he instructed, marching into the bedroom and (ignoring the rumple of the sheets: two bedmates, no sexual intercourse but indices marked close contact for a sustain period) unearthed his supplies.
He sat across from her on the camel leather sofa and, with as little ceremony as possible, dug from his pocket the jewel worth more than he could ever hope to make. He placed it anticlimactically on the cherry wood coffee table between them.
, almost a confession, as though he was baring the single fact of his being. ‘I am going to spend the rest of my life having you slowly tear me apart, inside and out. And the maddest part is: nothing would make me happier.’
It wasn’t raining any more, he noted absently as he walked, just gusting with the promise of changeable autumn storms. The sun had barely had time to come out and, overcast, it wasn’t likely to, which meant his jacket was clinging clammily to his neck. His feet carried him quickly down Baker Street as he mentally rehearsed an excuse for Dr. Punde, while simultaneously considering how much of any excuse he’d need if he went back now and finished making up with Sherlock after last night’s quasi-row (make up properly, maybe even a little roughly).
‘Yes, Sergeant, Dr. Watson and I will send for you when we have news.’ He bent and scooped up the parrot, placing her swiftly on his shoulder, and feeling her faint clutch of talons through his shirt.
How Sherlock knew – how long he’d known – the right things, the things John had most desperately ached to hear, whether it had been the scuffs on John’s shoes or the fold of his wallet or the even-deepening furrows creasing his forehead or the way he sipped his tea that gave him away… How,
‘Nah, never mind, stupid question. Still asleep. And, well, living here, I’ve forgotten how to carry on a normal conversation.’
‘Oh, Sherlock!’ tsked Mrs Hudson disapprovingly in reply, fluffing a pillow on the settee as he settled (teeth-gritted and minimising movement so that fiery jagged spears would not rip every remaining muscle he possessed).
‘I can vouch for that,’ rejoined John wryly, not bothered if that made absolutely no sense, but just as Sherlock began to protest, John crooked his middle finger inside him, stroking him from the other side of his skin.
‘It’s fine, John,’ Sherlock had said in a reassuring undertone. ‘You were dreaming. It is still the middle of the night, and you are in your room in Baker Street, and everything is fine.’
John’s head snapped up. Sherlock glanced at John’s mouth so quickly he almost missed it, before returning his gaze. John swallowed again.
He picked up his head limply, nose and lips sighing along Sherlock’s skin, the closest approximation to kisses available in his still-submerged lassitude. He wondered too, as he pressed one proper kiss to Sherlock birthmark — and Sherlock ‘hmmed’ beautifully, a noise that John wished in the unspeakable depths of his soul he could locate in Sherlock when they quarreled, just to remind them both how profoundly right they were together, when there weren’t any words to get in the way — he wondered if any of Sherlock’s former lovers had lavished attention on this delightful quirk of his skin. If they had noticed, or cared.
. Afraid of losing this. Afraid of allowing himself to want it, to have it, real and forever. Sabotaging it, even, something Mike Stamford had once drunkenly accused John of doing himself, after yet another girlfriend had dumped him.
— He hesitated a moment over the sentence he had almost just appended to that last. Then, feeling heartened by the rapidity of John’s replies (and spurred on by the thought of it), he added:
to everyone who read, and especially those who Kudosed/bookmarked/commented. I hope you enjoyed reading it even half as much as I
Moreover, Sherlock was sickeningly aware, in the dark corners of himself, that returning to Baker Street was itself an indulgence. He brought the crosshairs of the countless shadowy threats to himself to refocus on the people he cared for. The Neville St Clairs of the world were their bread and butter; Moriarty had been, he fervently believed, unique; but the Morans, the nameless thugs and deranged criminals they encountered, would continue to be occupational hazards of the Work.
Before he could lose his nerve, John said, as evenly as he could, ‘Thanks, by the way, for… for getting my shirts.’
; Sherlock could have killed him for doing so; maybe they had some of that execrable ‘soup’ for him to use as a weapon) and got easily to his feet (absolutely, the soup: he’d even withhold the crackers, lest the punishment not be adequate to the crime).
‘We’re a couple,’ John burst out, bluntly. His face was nearly twitching with rage. He hadn’t even meant to say anything, to anybody, because he wanted what they had for himself just a bit longer, for a million reasons half-romantic and half-defensive, and yet here he was, gripping Chez Francine’s thick cream tablecloth with enough force to tear it in half, suddenly wanting nothing more than to tell everyone within earshot that Sherlock was absolutely infuriating, surprisingly good at blowjobs, and probably in love with him.
Sherlock blinked up at him: irises barely visible (Pacific Ocean in wintertime: deep, almost black, unfathomable blue), eyes which had been furious with him only minutes ago, and were now daring, hungry, challenging —
and then force us to go interact with the parade of idiots at the pub. Which isn’t what you really want. So we’re going to a concert.’
— a flutter of peacoat, and she had managed to unhook the rings holding the larger blue wood-slatted alley door from its pose ajar, rushing to shove it shut with a low rattle —
It was a dawning possibility that she had emerged straight out of an Edwardian murder mystery, something with Maggie Smith and seven kinds of hats.
,’ he bit back, before he could stop himself. His fingers swiped quickly at his violin, unconsciously curling into the leitmotif which Flint seemed (no doubt as a result of her musical education) to mimic with particular pleasure.
‘Will everyone stop fixating on the petty reward!’ he snapped. There was enough confusion about ownership and exchange in this mess without adding more interests from the people professing to be disinterested! ‘I do not intend, nor do I believe you wish, Sergeant, to plunder from the aristocracy in order to keep prizes for ourselves. Our part in this business is to determine
Sherlock rolled his eyes: his motivations were neither as noble nor as self-oblivious as John’s. ’I’m referring to myself as much as anyone.  You tackle more criminals than
At some point in the midst of the hazy, vertiginous whirl of kissing (and hands roaming, teasing, snaking between pillows and tangled sheets), John pulled his mouth back far enough to say, thickly, ‘Did you want to go back to sleep?’
The hard-set, searching look on Sherlock’s face, swimming in his everycolour eyes as though he was worried he’d said something
‘Yes,’ said Sherlock finally, and John hated how deep with memory his voice had gone. ‘I do know what you mean.’
‘You’re welcome,’ replied Flint shrilly, as she waddled across the carpet. ‘Te amo! Ich liebe dich! Ani ohev otach! HAUGHHH!’ Flint finished, with a truly disgusting mock-cough.
Equally shocked, Sherlock was about to insist his innocence in the bird’s phraseology, but didn’t get the chance.
‘There’s plenty of lamb madras and naan left,’ John informed him, standing only inches away with his arms folded. Sherlock nodded thickly and shuffled over to the refrigerator. John’s fingers itched to drag him down for a syrup-slow good morning — well, a good afternoon — a
‘Confirmed that he had sold a Congolese African Grey yesterday evening and gave you the surname but not the address of his client,’ Sherlock finished.
He continued to rifle through the bin, though the focus of his deductions was now focussed on her rather than the detritus in front of him. Trained as a nurse; short-sighted; romantic; clever; liar; baker; had a cat, wore size 12, was a disillusioned Liberal Democrat (whatever that meant nowadays; he’d lost track).
He didn’t wake completely, even when a shot of lightning broke the purple-orange city sky. After a moment, though, he looked dozily at Sherlock, who had mashed himself into the bed in angles that seemed impossibly uncomfortable. His hair really needing cutting – the thick mussed dark curtain of Sherlock’s fringe was nearly long enough to cover his eyes. (He almost expected, with the comic book surrealism of being not-quite-awake, for Sherlock’s next exhale to lift a few strands of curls in a shivering gust before they fell back onto his face.) His chin was tucked tightly, gracelessly, into his neck, his mouth open slightly, while the swell of his shoulder gave way to the gradual ebb and flow of his breathing. Lightning flashed; Sherlock inhaled. John found himself counting the long slow seconds until the thunder, watching Sherlock’s chest fall as the house shook and his nose rattled. The same basic animal fear, that the thunder would shatter the windowpanes, that Sherlock wouldn’t exhale, met the same exhilarating rush of pure loving gratitude when the windows didn’t shatter and Sherlock did breathe, the feeling that, contrary to all disastrous possibilities, they were somehow continuing to survive.
‘Can we, tonight? Or…?’ John left the real request unspoken, fingers now drifting with delicate touches to Sherlock’s neck, the dip of his clavicle.
He lost track of time trying not to contemplate anything else, though he was not especially successful.
John huffed, sighing more than laughing, and Sherlock wished he could touch him — wished this were the universe where John stroked Sherlock’s palm with his thumb not only as a prelude to sexual activity but simply as a means of… well, non-verbal communication, of whatever sort.
Immediate tightness of the jaw; rapid blinking; jump in heart-rate. ‘Wha… oh, well…’ He laughed nervously; a bead of rainwater dangled on his ruddy, chafed nose. ‘I thought you said –’
But at night, or between jobs, on the stoops of cathedrals or in high-rise high-tech office skyscrapers or in copses outside villages, he had
I ignore the slight against Mr Haggard, who, as Holmes knew full well, I held neither especial professional nor personal esteem, and instead closed and presented the periodical in my hands.
He had almost forgotten the reason why people loved this. The closeness and breathless pressure of being sunk so carefully
This drove at the heart of it: how he had eluded them – clever, impressively clever; but foolish, too – fiddly, immature, conceited. And this of course was entirely consistent with the man’s profile: antiquated, proud even unto overplaying his hand, and interested in childish things. (In childhood; in children.)
John exhaled a laugh, one that ruffled (Sherlock was glad to note, realistically) his newly-acquired facial hair.
, who for all her innumerable strengths was quite obviously not a person with battle instincts, no sense (that is, nothing like Sherlock’s finely-crafted sense) of how to read situations and adjust accordingly, a matter of body language and contextual clues that John, with his intuitive perceptibility, could pick up and fit himself to in seconds.
Baker.’ He took a few seeds in his unoccupied right hand, trying not to look at John and grateful, not for the first time in his life, that he was not prone to blushing. ‘But I imagine you can cover that. First, Baker’s most important word:
He waited for a reply. When instead all he got was the sound of rapidly opening and closing drawers, though, he went ahead to stand in the doorway.
.’ As though he was a Victorian gentleman miffed at the inconvenience of a servant’s slow attention.
)due deference, more casual than a salute and far more versatile), then headed his favourite direction: towards the kettle. ‘Make yourself at home.’
The notion had first struck him a few weeks later, when he visited Sherlock’s grave, the millstone tripping up his feet like a meddlesome cat, whether he could stretch himself out on the no-longer-freshly turned earth and simply sink down through it like mud. Whether that would feel like rest. Restart reality.
‘And then I started getting these headaches, you see,’ continued the nasal-voiced man in front of him, as John rejoined the present to find his hand still scrawling notes on the chart on his lap.
(A great deal of saliva clung to the end of the cigarette when he removed it from his mouth — with a flick of his tongue — and exhaled. For a moment, Sherlock feared that, however much he craved the
He couldn’t help it — he barked a laugh — but he punctuated it with a twist of his hand, sparking Sherlock’s prostate again, sending a jolt down Sherlock’s leg that curled his toes. Sherlock’s prick was caught underneath him, even more neglected than John’s (which was finding some maddening level of friction leaking onto Sherlock’s leg), squished between Sherlock’s stomach and the sheet and no doubt leaving a wet spot that he’d be making John lie in later, the bastard.
‘“Hell?”’ Sherlock repeated, examining her with a tilted head that made him not a little bit intimidating himself.
could not possibly equal 3. ‘His house is a former abbey, converted with modern amenities of course, but he put his desk where the
‘For fuck’s sake, Sherlock,’ John grumbled, looking up from his laptop with resignation rather than fury. ‘We cannot keep –’
As ever, it was not merely remarkable that John could fall asleep so quickly, or in such a bright room (Sherlock hadn’t bothered to turn off the bedside lamp), with Sherlock positioned so near: ever the doctor, or the soldier… or both. (John’s leg jolted, but his breathing continued to slow.) Instead, it was the simplicity of what John offered (his sleep) which, on another body, up-close, would have grated, felt lecherous, invasive, mocking at such a moment when sleep and/or arousal felt irrevocably out of reach.
Hours ticking by as they rehearsed the names, dates, practices, and any other relevant data pertaining to the seediest of just-barely-legitimate and some wholly underground art markets, dealers, exhibitions, trading hotspots, etc. Between them, Sherlock was genuinely relieved to find, John and Molly made a decent show of remembering the majority of the information Sherlock (and, admittedly, certain corners of the internet) had presented to them.
Cheating husbands? Lost pearls or lockets or something like that? I never hear about the good ones until well after they’re over —
‘Can’t drive,’ Christopher cursed thickly into the brisk March night air, hands going instantly into his pockets. His collar was open, though, evidently warmed inwardly by the liquor, and John raked his eyes over the exposed skin like a Alsatian eying a steak. ‘Well we can — it’s only a short bus ride, if we can…’ His eyes were a little unfocussed as he swayed a bit on his feet, frowning to make sense of their surroundings. John chose to believe he’d contributed at least in part to the eager hurry Christopher seemed to be in.
John had no idea what he had done, and Sherlock felt a widening terror in his chest that he was, inevitably, going to find out. Because Sherlock had spent two days in Bergen unable to stop thinking about the flatness of John’s top lip whenever he could not get good tea (which Bergen, for all its covert merits, did not offer), and Sherlock could not control either his feelings or himself. Sherlock had shouted at old ladies and small children; he wondered, in the small hours of the night, precisely how long it would take to infect a population of 10,000 with
That had been more five months ago. He was slightly ashamed to realise he’d barely thought of her until now.
with his face crushed down like that. ‘And unless you have a preference — to the tune of doing the shopping yourself — I’m gonna keep getting this brand.’
Instead of speaking, however, John carefully, deliberately reached out a hand and waited. Such an action called for only a single ‘appropriate’ response, so Sherlock stepped forward just one step, placing the toe of his left shoe just where it met the leg of John’s chair. Smiling, John weaved (the angle was awkward, Sherlock’s hand almost perpendicular to John’s) their fingers together softly. Distantly Sherlock wondered what John’s hands would feel like in ten years — in fifty — whether he could begin now, by scheduling decennary refurbishments to the chair, as a present (as a promise of something so dangerous as a
Looking up at him, seated cross-legged on the floor like a boy, Sherlock was clearly trying to follow through on his earlier promise: to keep him in the loop.
The theatrics of criminals really did deserve its own monograph, Sherlock mused, strolling unhurriedly towards his adversary. The man had, entirely as a power play, kept Sherlock waiting in this overlarge treasure house (a converted church turned ultra-modern mansion, a sepulchre to his self-aggrandizement, as chilling and offensive to taste as the man himself) filled with his eclectically displayed
Mid-afternoon, weekday (judging by the slightly reduced number of passers-by on the stairs and all right he had glanced at the newspaper), early enough for a tea break — and phoning John —
He tried to let the slights roll off his back, ignoring as best he could the discomfort of hearing someone outside himself judging the way his life with Sherlock worked. ‘Before, actually.’
John considered going to stand next to him, but simply couldn’t bring himself to go so close in so unambiguously deliberate a movement, today of all days. He sat on the sofa instead.
to that plan. Molly was doing well, Gruener was talking. Next thing I know Suze is throwing some kind of acid and you’re handcuffing my ex-girlfriend.’
Mrs Hudson arrived some time later, tutting at Sherlock standing still for no apparent reason in the middle of the kitchen gripping the back of the bar-chair. Unconsciously she moved around him and began tidying, giving him the opportunity to re-lock those memories in the depths of his memory.
However many times Sherlock had contemplated how the unearthing of these chief facts of John Watson’s self would go, he found now that he was struggling to anticipate where the conversation was headed.
The thought, the sudden unstoppable truth of it, barreled into him with the force of a lorry: Sherlock
‘Many happy returns, Stamford,’ Sherlock intoned warmly, hoping that his lowered voice would become contagious and the rest of the room might lower its decibel range substantially. (Doubtful.)
‘— than you could in the prolonged hours and hours you would like us to spend “preparing” when you obviously would be just as satisfied walking in and shooting the man in the head!’
As the three separate solutions cooled from their various boiling points back down to room temperature, Sherlock stared unseeingly at the slide of the control compound. No hints, nor mentions of dogs during the evening; nor any (at least easily legible) signs of malcontent or resentment at Sherlock having blundered as a romantic partner. Perhaps John simply didn’t consider the annual marker to come into effect at this time of year: it was just as valid to date their relationship to the end of March, when Sherlock had returned from being away, reuniting them in a way that had been, from the first moment, renascent. Or for that matter, from some winter date, long since — also involving Stamford, and beverages, and microscopes. The thought was, for the first time, comforting.
‘She’s very interested in Sherlock and you. Saw you once when — do you remember the time you stopped round for my birthday, a few years ago?’
‘Nah, it’s fine,’ John shrugged, putting the book down and wiping his face to shake himself of the fog in his mind.
Sherlock nodded mutely, though John knew better than to consider this an actual agreement. The plate was now empty, so John plucked it carefully from Sherlock’s hands and placed it beside his comb, feeling the constrictions of his dressing gown as he did so. Hands now free, Sherlock,
, he admitted, internally. But he was sure that John would be more than happy to demand what exactly he was sorry for, right here, in front of Mycroft and — in approximately one minute — their next client. The list would take longer than that.
Stubbornly, Sherlock marched directly to the side of the messy bed he knew was not John’s and planted himself on it. Even if John returned, or woke in the morning, regretting what had happened, Sherlock could not prevent himself seeking more. John would either have to give in to him, or push him explicitly away. The thugs and criminals would wait until tomorrow.
‘I do hope he paid you for it,’ Sherlock agreed. Ramani looked up, guarded again, but Sherlock was on the move, ahead of them and back down the stairs before he could clarify.
They’d been through the teeth-gritting, embarrassing frustration of the catheter and then the discomfort of having the sponge bath, but John was sure a private toilet visit was climbing high on Sherlock’s unspoken list of desires.
By the time Sherlock stirred — dark curls gleaming with strands of auburn in the new day — John was half-hard and brimming with every absurd romantic thought he’d ever had. Most of all, he couldn’t silence the exultant chant in his head,
A few minutes later, Sergeant Peterson, the not-quite-friendly sandy-haired woman with bizarrely jarring mannerisms, came into view. ‘We’ll have to get you a desk if you keep this up,’ she joked, grinning, as John bid her hello. She looked at – he would nearly call it ogled – Sherlock. John felt suddenly aware of Sherlock’s choice of clothing: the customary bespoke suit over a new-ish green shirt, the one with the exceptionally high collar. So high that the mark on Sherlock's neck was completely hidden. John frowned.
The old diplomat scowled up at him with distressed displeasure in his eyes. He was either an excellent actor or a very frank, very confident adversary.
He was unforgivably distracted, brain foggy with literally and figuratively sickening disorientation, deductions coming
Miss Morstan was that John would, almost assuredly, not believe that Sherlock had not insisted upon knowing the full contents of the ‘AGRA’ file. It was precisely the kind of relentless nosiness that John, with some reason, attributed to Sherlock: the fact that Sherlock had not gone out of his way to learn about Mary Morstan — as he patently had in sussing out John’s middle name, his military assignations, his credit (and indeed sexual) history, his childhood home-life — was, frankly, uncreditable.
Redbeard. Redbeard is in here somewhere, surely, running around like the joyful canine buoy Sherlock very much needs right now — the sound of his bark as a counterweight to the growing roar of water rushing in from all sides, drenching him, dragging him down
of Sherlock’s soft-scratchy quicksilver tongue teasing and tasting his prick, inside the heat of Sherlock’s mouth. He shoved his shoulders into the bed and tried to catch his breath.
— the arms tugging him backward into the shadow of the brick-supported elevated track — he heaved and made to spring, heels over head, into a somersault to free himself, but got a thick and disorientating slam to the ear, and another (how many hands did the man have?!) to the gut, bruising instantly —
things wherever he went — while John stood at the foot of the bed (standing guard: the vigilant protector), looked between the two of them as if expecting one of them to give away a lie.
‘Good,’ he replied, not looking remotely relieved. ‘As it happens, I’m concerned right now with what happened today. You found this out from, who? Your homeless network?’
Of course, considering the truly unbelievable day they were having, this was when Henry Baker had arrived to claim his now ancient-potty-mouthed bird.
‘Oh,’ said Molly, observing (entirely superfluously) the obvious change, ‘I didn’t know you could drive.’ She buckled her seatbelt dutifully. ‘Did Mrs Hudson teach you?’
His fingers were beginning to ache so he pulled all the harder on the bow, scraping the D-string on the next pass, the calluses on his middle and ringer fingers searing, so he clenched his toes in his shoes to distract his mind from the pain and played as the violin wailed.
John kissed him, deep and all-consuming, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and poured himself into every kiss with the desperation of a drowning man.
2. Also: I'm rather conscious of the orientalising move that happens in the middle of this chapter. My footnotes are: 1) this ties in to the previous two stories in this series; 2) it also ties in to the *Many Happy Returns* mini-ep from before S3; 3) I did substantial research to make sure I was fairly representing, to the best of my ability short of becoming a Tibetan Buddhist monk and devoting years to study, the way the Sera Mey Monastery (on which this one is based) and the Abbot depicted (based loosely on a previous abbot, not the current one) work, so that the squicks of cultural appropriation are, if not dissipated, at least somewhat mitigated by respectful treatment. I very much hope so.
could not have guessed that the first bird had been the moving home of a multi-million pound gemstone before being ‘sent on’ to a quirky young Yard sergeant.
Thankfully, they were not perched at a (no doubt sticky, uncomfortable, beleaguered) high-top table, but rather one of the properly ancient corners of the multi-angular, haphazard building, complete with well-worn oak benches and a thick, heavy dining table. Near the edge (never liked to be completely locked in, even within a seating arrangement), was John, smiling up at — well, one of the usual (male, middle-aged) co-workers who attended Stamford’s gatherings. As Sherlock waded through the gridlock of drinkers — deductions flaring and fading as he went, not bothering to preserve them in long-term storage: if no one did anything interesting (i.e., criminal) this evening, he would not need this information tomorrow) — John looked up. The wattage of his smile would have illuminated the entire room.
, a part of who you are! Sure, why not pick and choose! Easier to get by if you’re only gay when you’re so far in the closet you’re in bloody
), speculation that — as people were always stressing to him — the words on the surface were merely that: superficial, designed to deceive, or at least obfuscate, their subterranean meaning:
‘Cows were scawy,’ she informs him, voice quivering, and at this he looks up at her. She’s pouting, a remaining sniffle trembling on her small nose. ‘Da cows are too big. Big and they don’t like being petted. I thinked they were my friends because of their pwetty horns. But Papa yewwed at me. I want to see dem anyway because of they were soft and fluffy and they looked like unicorns but with two—dey were orange, Dada! But I’m not stupposed to pet dem even though I weeeeeeally want to. Can we see some orange cows tomorrow, Dada?’
Evidently the latter: recomposing himself, John barked a laugh. ‘Not a chance. Mike’s birthday. Told him, like an idiot, that I’d pay for the first round for the whole group.’
,’ sighed Sherlock with despair. Even Mycroft could admit the obvious carelessness of his entire staff of morons overlooking
FWIW, this was one of the earliest chapters I wrote, and was for a long time the kernel around which the rest of the story grew.
After a moment in which they both scowled peripherally at each other, Mycroft affected an enormous, put-upon sigh, blessedly deciding it was time to hoist himself off to his sedentary perch.
The constable returned, huffing slightly, staggering as he lugged a sick-bucket that sloshed water over both sides with each step. Behind him emerged a second young officer, a plain-clothes sergeant John vaguely remembered as Paris or Priya or Paula. She brought forth a neatly folded greying towel.
From the moment she arrived in the flat, outfit complete with pink-and-black striped scarf and matching socks peeking from the tops of her trainers, John was plagued with a doubt that, for all Sherlock’s bizarre confidence, Molly Hooper was just not cut out to pose as a notorious yet private millionairess with a penchant for dirty antique pictures.
‘Today, you told Mr St Clair that he should have trusted his wife.’ He paused and John continued looking straight ahead. Again he sensed rather than saw Sherlock turn to look at him. ‘Do still trust me?’
At last Sherlock shoved himself off the wall, elongating to his full height and, with a dark look that was probably meant to be intimidating, he strode past into the sitting room.
’ — Gruener gave him a particularly broad smile that made Sherlock want to see blood run and spurt through those exemplary (whitened) teeth — ‘was known to be inquiring into my affairs. Don’t do it, Mister Holmes. You’ll only spoil your celebrated reputation, and much more precious matter besides.’
time we’ve got lunch, so why break the tradition, eh?’ she replied, smile as brassy as her newly-dyed copper hair.
fairly ambitious… ‘—Shut it.—But what I’m saying is, I can handle that, whatever you want. God knows I spent the better part of two years thinking I’d never be able to have sex with anyone else ever again…’
He put the dry cleaning on the back of John’s door, swapped batteries in John’s razor and set aside the old ones for proper disposal, and even washed his saliva experiment before placing the clean test tube on the drying rack beside the previous tube from the previous week. (Well putting them away would be pointless, as he was going to need them again tomorrow, since the case was now finished.)
, he told himself. He wasn’t some dirty old man. And anyway he was very, very much otherwise occupied on that front. He couldn’t help being attracted to people, but he’d be damned if he let the same reflexive flirting of yesterday happen again.) He tried to eat.
John had directed. Based on the higher pitch of the pipes and the splash patterns as John ran his hands through his hair, he was nearing the end of his shower. Sherlock’s stomach rumbled.
Sherlock hissed tightly. ‘So much for sleep,’ he noted sardonically, and John laughed and replied, carding his fingers at the base of Sherlock’s scalp, ‘I did have a nap,’ and Sherlock pursed his lips before returning to kissing the life out of him.
Sherlock’s mobile vibrated in his pocket. Eyes shooting open, he located it and – no, he frowned, no, no,
It continued to astound him that he could take two turns off Commercial Street, almost precisely one mile from the deafening droves of tourists in Union flag t-shirts interspersed with middle-aged women in svelte jackets and sensible footware, young men with expensive ties, all with earphones often merely for show (certainly over the din there was little chance of hearing music without incurring permanent hearing loss), and suddenly find silence, as though John had abruptly shut off the television in the middle of roars of edited laughter. London: a city of eternal, familiar contradictions.
Molly scrambled to her feet, unsteady like an Olympic runner after a 100m dash, and moved towards Suze who was crumpled on the ground –
‘You reported that the dressing table had been broken into, as well as some papers and several other drawers and items disturbed.’
the records of the previous encounters. How, if the documents were entirely encrypted or, if he were clever, simply filed in his mind?’
And then the longer you’re lookin’ at ‘em, you start to see that they’re just… dead. Flat. Like a painting. No light or… or soul, or
‘Tell me, then, were you quite shocked to see my most recent work was printed with such a reputable publisher?’
He’d been staring at John in wonderment for far too long, the world rushing by around his ears like a wind tunnel in a storm, but he only had one coherent thought in his head, tumbling out before he could stop himself, ‘Come
His vest, realised after a moment, was sticking to his back, so he manoeuvred and wrestled it over his head, then tossed it with a
— his abdomen felt hot, a spike of pain when he twisted to follow her; felt it pressed tight despite the lack of any apparent cause of pressure —
‘Hiya, Harry,’ he came forward, leaning to kiss her offered cheek when she decided to drum her bright black nails on the thick white tablecloth rather than get up to hug him. ‘Sorry I’m late.’
A slightly pinched look to her eyes, a tightness (he’d mistaken it for solidity) in her stance, hands bunched in her pockets, a glimmer of grim humour (irony) in her overall expression… an unexpected deduction:
He didn’t much fancy that bit, necessarily, but Christopher was grunting with every swipe of John’s lips, back arching up to meet him, smelling of men’s cologne and male BO and everything so unlike John’s last few careful, causal partners, and
After really disgustingly few minutes of not-quite-silent chomping or page-turning and sipping of tea respectively, Sherlock ripped a piece of garlic naan and wiped up the last morsels.
After a long moment, Sherlock shifted his own weight fractionally, away from John. It seemed like a dismissal, so he took it.
‘Ayenat Braithwaite most frequently posed for a selection of high-profile charitable organisations,’ Sherlock told him matter-of-factly. John was far more surprised that Sherlock knew about which companies the Countess had modelled for than at the work itself.
Queuing up behind him, Molly nearly bumped into him when he turned around, holding out her hands before jumping as though he’d trod on her toes.
Just then, a loud knock on the other door downstairs — delivery, parcel service, something bigger than could be put through the letterbox — and John jumped and went to retrieve it. Sherlock stayed in his seat. (Could dogs be procured by delivery?)
And yet today he’d spent the majority of his shift preoccupied by the just-out-of-reach giddiness that followed a night (or in this case, an early morning) of phenomenal, era-inaugurating sex. With this particular person, especially.
John’s rages, unlike Sherlock’s, tended to be silent in their ferocity. But if John barged out to ‘walk it off’ now — no, he was pouring himself another measure — two — of Scotch. It was so frustratingly, wastefully
suit. His grey eyes, as he struck and lit the cigarette, looked unblinkingly at Sherlock: no doubt it was more a function of smooth, skeletal cheekbones, hot-white shirt, and rich blue jacket that made those eyes seem so flat and… inhuman. As though he might even blink in slow motion, then strike.
for John, he managed not to stumble over the words a second time. ‘Can you say, “I love you, Papagena”?’
As ever, people fell for the misconception — one of the main reasons why John’s blog was so (surprisingly) useful — that Sherlock cared one iota for his ‘reputation’. Nevertheless, he cared for his legs (for John’s legs), which was also part of Gruener’s message.
His mouth was a pursed line, but his brow had unknotted somewhat, so allowed myself a moment of indulgence.
Sherlock nodded, visibly clenching his hands, and John lined himself and — and — John filled him up, sedately but insistently, nudging forward, body arched over and around Sherlock’s body as he penetrated him, not all the way yet, with breaths gone tripwire-taut.
John searched Sherlock’s face, deciding (almost visibly sifting through) how much more to say, his own mouth and eyes slowly rearranging into a new (inscrutable) expression. The room seemed suddenly falsely darkened, between the citrus-coloured blush of the lantern and the bright blue-white digital glow of the skull hologram.
John wasn’t clear on whether they were hunting the client’s almost certainly dead husband (Sherlock hadn’t said as much but the stern, indignant look he’d worn since Mrs St Clair had first come to Baker Street gave John little hope) or his killer. Just as he opened his mouth to whisper this question, a flicker of…
‘Damn,’ he swore, realising his mistake – the magnitude of it: John and Molly inside, to say nothing of – he was on the
, he mused, aside. Coming home from work or a date or, while Sherlock had been gone, the other side of London — listening to the grunts or soaring violin or unexpected voices of the flat upstairs, or sniffing the aroma of Mrs Hudson’s baking (or otherwise). His shoes had a place here. His coat, his keys. The kitchen was an absolute wreck but he knew where everything was, usually. The sitting room wasn’t much better, and sometimes he looked around at their television, tucked away under the cabinet between the rooms, and wished he lived the kind of life where he was more likely to find football flashing on his walls than foetid intestines or criminal Top Trumps (they really did play that).
‘I want to kiss you,’ John told him, hushed, almost inaudible against the dreamy white noise of the waking street, the bristle of innumerable fibres encasing them in the aural equivalent of cotton wool.
‘The window is closing,’ he urged. Time was indeed running out. ‘This is our last, best opportunity to take down one of the most impressive…’ John’s scowl pulled him up short, so he dropped it in favour of a different line. ‘I know my brother brought you the file.’
slow as he listened to Molly (playing up, with the instincts of a natural, her breathlessness as anticipation, eagerness to have a fellow connoisseur to share her illicit interests with at last!) and Gruener (smitten, possibly, or sufficiently entertained to push the farce as far as it would go: equal likelihood of both) make innuendo-laden small talk about the putative ‘
know about both Victor and Alec, including Victor’s role in his detective career and Alec’s in his addiction history.) Tight-lipped, Sherlock did his best to mask his expression.
The astounding variety of John’s laughter deserved to be the subject of a (very controlled) study (with himself as Primary Investigator). Often, his laughs were easier to understand than his words.
Now it was Holmes’s turn to glance my way, bemused. ‘Why, of course you are. I heard the small sighs and approving grunts that are the hallmarks of your experience of the more, shall we say,
And as expected, Gruener launched into a tedious, self-indulgent monologue for several minutes, during which time he made the customary threats and insinuations (telling him not to pursue the case on penalty of grievous bodily harm, blah blah blah,
‘In a bit,’ John suggested into Sherlock’s mouth, before covering it with his. His tongue found the mustard at the corner of Sherlock’s lips and licked it clean (Dijon, the poncy git), a sharp tang of flavour combined with the warm puff of breath as Sherlock found his lip and tugged. Sherlock, it seemed, kissed like he knew what he was doing. John tried not to get lost in this thought by proving he knew, in this more than most things, possibly better.
And yet John had marched unevenly into a lab in Bart’s Hospital and Sherlock had, within seconds, begun devising the plan to rid of him that
For two weeks — the entirety of his allotted him, ticking away — he watched his father’s laboured, unchanging breathing, then went back to attempting to make some sort of dent in the mountain of work to be done setting the house to rights. He and Anne went about it methodically, taking shifts by the bedside, where the frustration of groans and needs of his father’s struggling body were the only difference in the room apart from the gradual slide of the sunlight down and then up the wallpaper. John boxed up all the clothes for Oxfam, packaged the photos and posted them to his paternal aunt in Dundee — not that she would be all that interested, but she hadn’t come down to help out and say goodbye to her only sodding brother, so John wasn’t sure he cared much what she did. (He kept a few nice ones, cherrypicked out of the piles he waded through, to make an album of his own to keep.)
A million metaphors — first and foremost, breaking a horse before it could be bridled — all conspired to send a chill up his spine.
At last, when he caught himself nodding off at the table, he gave up on the whole day and climbed the stairs again. He deposited his keys, phone, wallet, and notebook absently on his dresser. Sitting on his bed heavily, he realised that the window was still open, but he found he simply could not be bothered. Instead, he tilted back, full and yet somehow still aching, and slept.
For all the obvious ways John could have rent this flimsy second-hand account apart (including with his literal fist (
(his ancestral flora) — weathered the barrage of Sherlock’s deductions, shaking off the sting of it and
It was John’s turn to blink several times, quite plainly stunned but (ever the soldier) maintaining composure.
’Yeah, ‘cos who doesn’t love taking pity money from their baby brother,’ she spat crossly. ‘No, absolutely not, I’m not fishing for a hand-out here! I was just letting off a bit of steam! Besides, I’m not a complete twat, I have some savings.’
John looked round to find the source of the scraping noise; halfway down the street, a young man was tugging gruffly on a metal barrier, though whether to open or close shop, John couldn’t tell.
way she was a natural blonde.’ (She was nearly finished with her starter, thank god — maybe he could beg off with a sandwich and fake a text halfway through?) ‘Always made you feel like she was about to… I dunno, snap on you, or kick your dog or something. Not exactly a dream woman.’ She was drumming her fingernails inanely in a way that made John want to kick her under the table as he had done as a kid during their (few) family dinners. ‘Though I suppose if you were looking for someone to fill the shoes of a certain “psychopathic mastermind”, you probably couldn’t have found better.’
‘Worse,’ Sherlock admitted, claggy-voiced, closing his eyes now. ‘I dread to think what’s come over him.’
chasing him from room to room. ‘When — before. I made an error in judgment, failing to tell you, but… I was certainly always working towards Baker Street.’
‘Leaks are very much the matter at hand, little brother. You seem to have come into contact with several… undesirable witnesses to what they, falsely I’m afraid, believe to be definitive evidence against certain people. Not Gruener, I grant you —’ he added, in answer to Sherlock’s distaste, ‘but certain other parties. These people to whom I refer are not to be trifled with. It would behoove you, therefore, to avoid dragging any peripheral names unnecessarily to light. Nor would it be especially wise for you to jump in where you might much more profitably
‘Hey,’ he murmured, nosing his cheek, and Sherlock turned his head and just barely caught the very corner of his mouth, so sweet and soft John was sure he would deny it later.
John nodded, understanding enough of it — that the experiment could wait, but that his patience, his sanity, his ability to function, could not, or not much longer — to slide slightly and stand.
After a second to prepare himself, he looked up at Sherlock. The red-rimmed desolate anger of a moment ago had given way to an expression very like when Sherlock’d asked whether John
Sherlock’s stupid smirk was contagious, and very quickly they were both giggling and grinning like idiots. His stomach unclenched a bit.
a bad idea, he should have let Sherlock talk him out of it… But no, Harry had baited him. That’s what she did. He could handle it. Shoulders back. Dredging up some composure,
). Sherlock’s own viscera still felt twisted, his lingering anxiety – foreboding, even – perched on the edge of a fall. He wished Mycroft would take his prizes and go.
‘) and Molly, whose demeanour had evidently reverted back to her entirely prim-and-proper upbringing, gone silent.
: Mycroft’s people had assuredly turned Gruener’s house upside-down during more than one of his absences, as Sir James had informed him: nothing found. Then again, whether the ham-fisted morons were too cloggy-minded to think beyond actual
John snorted, tucking his hands across his chest. ‘Sorry, sleep isn’t meant to be exciting. Although saying that, I’m starting to think I understand why you get so little sleep generally.’
, the world that had shaken them about, dragged them along, spat them out, rough and angry and not sure it was worth going on alone, had also made it possible to be here, in the middle of the night, finding everything they’d ever needed in the most unlikely place – a cramped, chaotic flat, filled with two men who should both have been dead scores of times but somehow come through, and found
‘I have to say,’ she said, opening her mouth no wider than if she was talking through a straw, ‘you’re not what I was imagining.’ (Then again, her bold, wide red lipstick drew attention to her botoxed lips: how old was she, twenty-five?! These
‘And why are you wandering alone into the home of a pretty certainly multiple murderer and mental case?’
Which is all to say: this little AU has been with me for a while. And so to feel good — which somehow, amazingly, I do — about ending the story here, is sort of desolate and beautiful at the same time.
‘Ah.' John's face did something complicatedly inauspicious. 'Right. Well, plans are for amateurs, aren't they? I’m sure we could just turn up: not like there’s a chance of an ambush. He won’t have big guards with guns or dogs or anything. D’you know, I think you’re on to something.’
’Cheers, Dr. Watson, will do.’ The man, John’s own age (as the medical chart informed him) but with a brown beard, tame in a way John’s ruddy stubble never looked when he bothered to grow it out, nodded in thanks and, taking the bottle of migraine pills and waving them, rattling, gratefully as he left.
Frowning, Sherlock returned his attention to Sgt. Challa and began to pace as he attempted to fit the narrative into alignment with the evidence.
I paused here, at the conclusion of one of Morris’s paragraphs, to peer side-ways at Holmes. After a moment of stillness, Holmes unfurled his long body and rose, lithe as ever, to fetch some tobacco from the persian slipper. I took this as a signal that, rather than abuse, I should I expect his further attention. I carried on.
‘I want you to be happy,’ Sherlock said with a sigh, a small breath a thing, like the rustle of a spring breeze through the tulips in St. James’.
A minute later they were crossing the main hall of Bow Street, Sherlock yammering already to Inspector Bradstreet, who was – to his credit – nodding in apparent approval.
He spared himself any more monologuing. ‘For your own profit, and at the expense of the nation’s industry, to the tune of three hours and countless pounds while Scotland Yard and Parliamentary police were called in to locate the more disorderly of your “aggrieved” poetic enthusiasts and remove them from where they had trespassed into the Members' Lobby.’ He ignored the nagging itch along his spine, knowing how John would have balked at the irony of
2. SEQUEL: Yes, this is definitely a series. I waited to post the final chapter to this initial story until I had a few chapters under my belt of its successor. So! Yes!
‘Right. Well then I won’t say I’m sorry to hear it,’ he ventured with an attempt at humour. ‘Well, if this new bloke is any trouble, we’d be happy to frighten some sense into him.’
‘Sherlock,’ he heard himself begin. ‘I think…’ He looked up, and saw Sherlock several yards ahead already flagging a taxi.
‘Hey, love,’ he shushes, bouncing her just a little and using his free hand to keep the sudden influx of baby-blonde curls out of his mouth. Sherlock has wandered into the front room and hangs his coat, hiding his face and eyes from John. ‘You’re all right, aren’t you? Yeah, I’m here, I know.’
Sherlock, whose ethics were relative at the best of times, barely batted an eyelash at this. ‘He’s not as clever as he thinks he is, and I doubt he considers himself in any danger — a miscalculation, of course, but it means he’s far less likely to shoot me first and ask questions later. Too much work.’
‘Nearly,’ he admitted, voice slightly hoarse. (Perhaps it had been rather longer than he’d expected. He examined the light through the windows, the sound of the traffic, Mrs Hudson tidying downstairs (did she never cease tidying?): late afternoon. Already.)
Bundled up, hair brush-dyed a further shade toward chestnut (and combed in a quiff over his right temple), absurd moustache on his upper lip, even more absurd (somehow) hat perched over his brows: John, beneath all these disguises, was still John. His eyes, even reversed in his reflection like a photographic negative, were still creased, still darkest blue and familiar, a tunnel with the faintest, surest pinprick of light shining through.
Despite not being overly-prone to sentiment, they had — by mutual, unspoken agreement — brought home the stone that had made its way into Sherlock’s supposedly impenetrable boot, marketed (for — again — more than John would be comfortable spending) as ‘EVERYTHING-PROOF!’ (Naturally he’d brought them home and subjected them to relentless testing of every possible substance and eventuality. The results were enlightening, and would absolutely be relevant should anyone ever commit a murder in the peat districts of Great Britain.) But the stone was not for experimenting — he was a chemist, not a
Suddenly stilling by the door, John looked back at him. After a moment during which Sherlock’s mind echoed and resonated with jarring, contradictory attempts to read John’s frown, John spoke. ‘Let’s leave off worrying about the rest of my life until we can make firm plans for next week, shall we.’
‘She will be thoroughly debriefed,’ Mycroft assured him. ‘Though I am, I confess, sceptical that any of her information will be sufficient even to touch upon Gruener. Such investigations take
Years or aeons later, Sherlock hummed softly, ‘John,’ and then, when this had no effect, tugged faintly at him, his voice thrumming in the cords of his neck, ‘John, stop.’ Instantly John withdrew his teeth and tongue but didn’t, he wasn’t sure he physically
Maybe, he daydreamed to himself, as Sherlock continued to smile even while scrolling through his phone, they could come back here tonight. Get a little tipsy — just nearly-drunk enough to loosen them up, to scoot their chairs close together so John could stretch his legs across and dig his bare toes into the warmed leather of Sherlock’s cushion, brushing the sides of Sherlock’s shins — or, if they really did get drunk, maybe nudge their chairs right up close, so that when he leaned forward, he could find the inside of Sherlock’s knee (clad in John’s favourite dark jeans today) with his thumb.
Sherlock carried one, flipping it over to see the quoted ‘praise for this work’ by an assortment of people whose works on supposed ‘crime fiction’ Sherlock had one time or another berated privately to John, as well as the brief biography and headshot photograph ‘About the Author’ in the bottom-left.
Sherlock had determined, halfway through a particularly precise movement of Mendelssohn, that Gruener, being ruthlessly methodical, imperturbable, and patient, would be planning for a long, elegant chess match. Their first engagement (their opening salvos, to borrow from John’s preferred metaphorical terrain: the martial) had exposed their respective
, he wanted to squirm and lick and prod and surround and lift John while kissing him like it was not even close to goodbye, and the man was being
Several more brutal shifts of his hips, and Sherlock’s release spilled hard onto John’s skin, and he sagged with a grunt to hold his weight on his arms only inches above John.
‘As if she wasn’t looking out for her own skinny arse the whole time,’ muttered Harry into her glass. ‘Anyway, I’m looking for other jobs. On the quiet, you know, sniffing out my options.’ (He highly doubted Harry could do anything ‘on the quiet’. He really did need a cup of coffee, even more than the booze. Black, preferably.) ‘‘Bout time I really get my own thing going, I think! Development this time, maybe — it’s just a fancy name for going to massive parties and getting a bunch of billionaires to write checks they won’t even remember in the morning. Brilliant. Or entertainment. You know me,’ she gave him a 100-watt smile, ‘always said I should’ve had my own chat show. More qualified than the lot of them together — and nowadays all you need is one good tweet to go viral and BAM! You’ve made it! Just look at your blog. It pays the rent, doesn’t it!’
John whirled around, mostly out of annoyance that Mycroft Holmes could still sneak up on him. Beside him with a practiced air, Mycroft’s aide was recognisable as such for wearing a black wrap dress that looked like it was made of some combination of crepe and spandex, the sort of thing a cabinet secretary would wear to an evening banquet, here at not-quite-9 o’clock in the morning. She placed a tall crystal vase filled with purple lilies on the sideboard, then brushed the yellow pollen off her clothes. John suspected it was the kind of fabric that would absorb blood without a visible stain. She left without a word.
‘How’d you see find me out?’ Of course, the gruff sleepy rumble held none of the harshness of a moment earlier, now rolling with a higher Edinburgh lilt. St Clair moved his mouth minimally, tongue following his question to probe tenderly at the freely bleeding cut where, John now understood, the plastic had been biting into his real lip. John’s own lip twisted in revulsion.
Sherlock tried to kiss him, to smother the words on John’s tongue by swallowing them whole so he wouldn’t be able to find them again, but John was kissing his jaw, his earlobe, and Sherlock whined and choked down a pocket of air and fisted his hand in John’s shirt so hard his fingers cramped.
Sherlock took his time in the toilet and getting dressed, so that by the time he re-emerged Mycroft had relocated to the kitchen, leaning impatiently on his umbrella.
‘If you don’t need the loo, though, you really ought to try and rest for a bit,’ he told Sherlock. ‘They’ll be around when the next shift comes on and they’ll be wanting to run through the whole board.’
Challa did blush, her cheeks burning with sudden shame. ‘Well… Flint isn’t exactly part of my official work at the moment, and I didn’t report her as “found property” this morning before I brought her here. I can’t keep her, I know, once we – well you – find Mr. Baker – and so I just… I thought it would raise too many questions. And it’s not as though I intend to keep the carbuncle either,’ she added, her eyes falling a little dazedly on the stone again. ‘And, really, as you’re the ones who’re tracking Baker, I imagine –’
‘What!’ interjected St Clair, but Sherlock raised his voice and continued venomously, ‘–for disrupting the immigration debates in the House of Commons in June.’
‘I want you to know,’ he vowed solemnly, hands steepled and resting on his knees. ‘That you will not be alone anymore. You don’t have to hide anything. I will not expect you to be anything other than John Hamish Watson. I won’t always understand how to give you what you want but I will always want to, just as I will always - ultimately - tell you the truth. Sometimes you will be impatient, or frustrated, or disappointed with me; you almost certainly have to be explicit, more explicit at times than you feel comfortable, to explain to me what you need. But there is nothing you could want or need or do or be that would make you anything less than the most important person in the world. More important than the cases, though I cannot say it will always seem that way to others. But the cases, the work, would be – would be utterly meaningless without you. As would everything else. I loved you before I knew what love was.’
Smirking, I turned the page over, searching for — yes: ‘“The fact is, a small book seldom does lie quiet, and you have either to cramp your hand by holding it, or else to put it on the table with a paraphernalia of matters to keep it down, a table-spoon on one side, a knife on another, and so on, which things always tumble off at a critical moment, and fidget you out of the repose which is absolutely necessary to reading. Whereas, a big folio lies quiet and majestic on the table, waiting kindly till you please to come to it, with its leaves flat and peaceful, giving you no trouble of body, so that your mind is free to enjoy the literature which its beauty enshrines.”’
With a growl that made a passing flutist – recently broken up with her boyfriend, she ended it; off to a practice session with a fellow Academician, a cellist who fancied her; worried about upcoming travel expenses; slightly hungover from too much white wine – glance at him in alarm, he punched a reply. His hands were shaking.
‘The convenient death of the primary witness and the fact that the woman was cremated before her body could be properly examined — my opinion is strangulation, but poisoning is nearly as likely — suggests as much. Well, that and the fact that Gruener was funding both the minor local narcotics drug cartel and the police unit. And the final point, that the woman in question did, in fact, know how to swim.’
Thus I opened the smooth pages with a careful, deliberate slide of hands across paper. Holmes would yet eat his words, if I had anything to do with it.
) that would, he imagined, crystallise into a perfect paragraph of abuse he could hurl at Sherlock the moment they were both back at Baker Street. Several times he grunted furiously as he remembered the really spectacular
John stiffened, holding a hard breath in his nose — so close Sherlock felt the pause skitter across his skin.
, not exactly a Mongol horde, of the most imbecilic oafs one could hope to find, one more worried about his hangover than manning the gatehouse, the other so arthritic and lumbering that even the poorest burglar would be able to hear him coming a mile off.’
John had taken as a moment for himself, exhausted and sore and head spinning with pictures of horrible things that most people never even saw by accident, let alone were forcing themselves to
John’s attention was laser-like, palpable as much as the wind whipping the lobes of his ears until they felt in danger of frostbite. They need not stay a moment longer than it took to finish his (prepared, pared down) narrative.
in anything, the nightmares of course —, had followed him until the world had righted itself around a lab in St. Bart’s one January afternoon. And then, of course, he’d found vast new, deeper oceans of loneliness he could drown in after walking away from Bart’s two years after that, the millstone round his neck dragging him down. Sure, he got better at carrying it. But it was just possible, he could admit to himself with the sound of Sherlock’s slowing, medicated breathing filling the room, that the danger of carrying that unrelenting grief for so long was that it got too familiar: that you stopped trying to fight it.
‘Oh, anything,’ she replied. (Women did this a lot, John reflected with annoyance: tried to be accommodating when in fact what they needed was a bloody
of the pre-wedding cocktail party, watch Sherlock waltz about in whatever disastrous idea had gripped him this time, and then — when the moment arrived — take the great privilege of getting Gruener in a headlock while Mycroft’s team swarmed the place. And then, when that was all sorted, he was going to take Sherlock home and fuck him
The guard at the front door, it seemed, presented no problem (even with only audible data, Sherlock gleaned that the man was irritably hungry and distracted: at least one variable to their advantage), and soon Sherlock’s ears were filled with the grumbled sounds of John accepting a seat (‘
Between Yard sergeants, Mycrofts, and landladies, they were apparently never going to be alone again for the rest of time.
Surprised, John did look round, into his every-colour eyes that were reflecting the light from the kitchen.
Rather than answering, Sherlock looked now at the dim shelves before which they stood. The facing side of the display case nearest Gruener’s desk was darkened — low-lit behind probably polarised glass (considering the sunlight filtering into the room at all angles). Though he couldn’t quite make out the specifics, he had counted thirty-two small- to medium-sized objects, the top shelf displayed etchings on paper; below that were more painted, carved, printed, or otherwise impressed onto wood, canvas, or, on the bottom shelf, what appeared to be a fragment of bone. In all of the different variations on the scene, various women — in some cases, clearly very young — were swooning, sleeping, struggling, or (in the more pornographic works) enjoying themselves in encounters with (to take Gruener’s monograph as a guide) Death: a skeleton, a reaper, a beast, a devil-figure…
‘Who’d’ve thought you’d be the over-protective one.’ He smiles when he says it, because it’s true but he also hopes Sherlock knows they’re in this together—as upside down and dizzy in this mad endeavour as each other.
Sherlock was looking over his shoulder. John tried not to look guilty about where his mind had been. Blinking away the haze of his fantasy, though, he realised Sherlock’s eyes were focussed acutely on his thumb, index, and middle finger where they were coated in translucent, viscous fluid.
Between that patient and flicking on the signal for the next, though, he found the internal conversation ready and waiting to fill the silence: How was he meant to keep in his mind at all times that he was
Somehow, for some reason as yet unclear, that struck a nerve: John’s expression tipped from mild wariness to outright suspicion.
After a long (searingly long) pause, John finally pulled away — mere inches, but enough for Sherlock to blink and find his vision no longer
was Sherlock at his most indiscreet.) ‘Had you met my husband, you would not need to ask me this.’ Her fluid, melodic voice seemed to vibrate with her accent as much as her evident amusement at this absurd idea. (And, John admitted to himself, no man would be likely to find a more beautiful, self-assured, capable-seeming woman than the Countess, but of course, cheating wasn’t really about behaving rationally.)
Sherlock had been, gaining disgruntled looks from fellow pedestrians. After getting his hunched bad shoulder shoved for a third, teeth-rattling time, John stopped and looked up properly for the first time since leaving the flat. The rapidly darkening street was jam-packed with blokes in nice shoes and lightweight macs and heavily-made up women in short sequined dresses and polka-dotted brollies. It was, he realised with bitter hilarity, somehow
Jokes were John’s primary means of defusing tension, as much as deflecting it; in this instance, Sherlock was deeply grateful.
‘Did you decide to start begging before or after you lost your job, Mr St Clair?’ he fumed. He felt, despite his recent humid resurrection of the suspect, unreasonably cold.
He didn’t mention the years she’d been in Florida married to a murdering drug lord, though Sherlock would have.
But Sherlock also had become sad in their amusing session with the bird, and John was convinced Sherlock had started overthinking the whole thing, as he was always wont to do, particularly when things touched him personally.
. Served him right for navel-gazing before he’d had the necessary early-start jolt of coffee. Whatever his tentatively good mood upon waking, the rest of his day was apparently going to struggle to measure up.
‘Art is always a pleasure,’ hissed Gruener, words shimmering with malice, and there was what Sherlock had glimpsed when Suze had first arrived in their sitting room: her arm across her buttoned-up, scarf-draped chest (even in summer); her resistance to touch; her unspeakable pain beyond the horrible experience she had already been able to name.
John sought and sucked on his tongue, nudging his cheek with his nose, until Sherlock was slumped slightly further down the door and panting. Christ, but his mouth — his
He'd never been a fan of an ambush, but now he was here, he reckoned he might as well go in. And he'd be damned if he was going to be the one who blinked first.
The words tingled on his tongue like hot peppers, drying and simultaneously flooding his system. Sherlock
‘I’ll go and get him,’ John explained. ‘Help yourself to whatever you like, don’t wait,’ distractedly handing Molly the plates and making for the bedroom, because he hadn’t heard the water against tile, nor even the muted thuds of footfalls on Sherlock’s rug over the slightly creaky floor.
‘Were you even listening to a word that just got said?’ he demanded, feeling his temper rising in spite of himself.
John looked up. His eyes ached from the strain of skimming pages, writing notes, and scrutinising high-res images on his laptop. In the thorough darkness of the sitting room, he found Molly staring a little unfocussed at him and Sherlock.
what you should do,’ John insisted. ‘You’re posing as a millionaire. You can call anyone anything you like.'
With a haphazard dash for her bag, then, back again for her mobile that she’d left on the settee, she smiled/grimaced, waved a hand, and very nearly bolted
’ — and it clicked, while suddenly, if distantly, it occurred to him that John was going to be livid —
Sherlock blinked several times, evidently finding it difficult to look at him, and John guided with both hands to kiss him softly but slow, just the once. His closed lips tasted like dumpling sauce.
‘You have a night off, John love,’ nodded Anne with unflagging kindness, as she looked him over. Her handbag, slipping off her arm, came to rest as usual atop his mother’s former dresser. (None of his mum’s actual things — the trinkets, her perfume, her wedding photo, the little crafts like jewellery dish Harry, age 8, had made declaring her ‘World’s Best Mum!!!’ — were anywhere to be found.)
‘But then our client – whoever they may be – would find Miss de Merville distraught and undissuaded from the Baron, and we might not get paid. Which reminds me Molly: I believe you would be agreeable to terms of one-third the client’s sum, whatever it comes to?’
, Sherlock wanted to say, but John was already unconscious atop the covers, guardless and guileless in a way Sherlock found terrifying.
John expected him to be close enough to interrupt his sleep. Therefore John expected them to sleep together.
‘I was working on a story on out-of-work veterans,’ St Clair explained, a little anxiously, apparently aware that he had erred in separating Sherlock from his single tether to civility. ‘Ironic, really.’
Sherlock shook his head but, as his mouth was now travelling along John’s unshaven jaw to his collarbone and breastplate to his ribs, said nothing.
to believe me right now, but I am quite obviously telling you the truth: I got the essentials of your file, but I did not – I never wanted to –’
‘Suze,’ John said, and Sherlock wished he could see him, but he was nearing the front of the hall now, ‘Suze, he is going to go to trial, I promise you. He is not going to hurt anyone anymore.’
I’ll quit my job – I’ll get out of town – there won’t be a case without my part of it, I know, and then that bloke Corner–’
‘Oh, yes, thanks, that was lovely.’ And — yes — really, was Molly actually secretly from an incredibly posh (or twee, aspiring) family? So much so that even here, in the midst of a kitchen at its
Of the period between sustaining the injury and at last returning from the labyrinthine fortress of his Mind Palace, there was discouragingly little data. Pain saturated every isolated fragment of memory — the whirl of a fan slicing midnight orange from black silhouettes; the sickening-sweet, cloying perfume of lilies and roses as they died in the burst of full-bloom; the murmuring voices of innumerable (truly, he
‘That’s it. You’re telling me you didn’t know about Mary? Fine. I – I can accept that. I may need to punch your brother but that’s... You didn’t have time to warn me about Suze. I get it. I believe you. I didn’t… I’m not good at this stuff, but I don’t…’ He grimaced at his own inarticulacy. ‘Seeing you there, after the hospital, after walking inside that house and leaving you where I couldn’t see you… It wound me up, all right? I overreacted. I’m sorry. But that’s not what I meant, before.’
‘Her codename was AGRA,’ he offered, beginning with what little he knew, ‘almost certainly an homage to a famed marksman in pre-Raj India who was involved in the 1857 mutiny —’
‘We can be adults,’ John called, excavating each hot plastic container from deeper and deeper in the paper bags. ‘Kitchen table’s safe, I think.’ (Mostly because they hadn’t been home in ten days, so any germinating experiments had gone into the bin days ago.) ‘Red curry, sweet-and-sour chicken, pad thai, and rolls. Oh, and soup. S’all good, so help yourself.’
‘I didn’t even know he was there! I thought he’d left!’ Ryder pleaded. ‘Honest to God, sir, I never thought they’d blame him–’
As a Women's Day/year/lifetime resolution, I'm trying to replace 'sorry' with 'thanks', so... thanks for everyone's patience as I missed my usual deadline posting. Busy week. And, as you can see this, chapter is significantly longer than some of the others, so the fiddling bit also took ages.
do,’ Sherlock muttered, low enough that possibly Molly didn’t hear. John wished, just for a second, that they were indeed alone, in front of the fire, at home, at last, on the first evening after sleeping cramped near-but-not-too-near each other in the hospital for over a week. Even to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair would have done
Many a true word said in jest, his Nan had intoned more than once throughout his childhood. Even so, he went back to his desk with a freshened cup of tea, chest a little lighter with the feeling that, if he couldn’t be with Sherlock for this one venture (and dear Christ, they spent an ungodly amount of their time together as it was!), at least he didn’t have to sit around pretending not to wonder what Sherlock was up to.
Sherlock’s utterly confused look met his. With only the tightest, most tenuous hold on his fury, John stared at St Clair.
Now that she’s said it, his chest feels nauseating, wrong — the wet slide of his own blood, warm and tacky, trapped beneath his shirt and his skin and his abdominal cavity, where it ought to be — he wants to wipe it up, or hold it in, hold himself tightly, but he can’t seem to get his own arms to do it sufficiently. The edges of his vision are beginning to blur with pain, a mix of cold and burning hot that stings and seems only to be getting worse with every breath —
Under his thumb, the dry skin of Sherlock’s hand now had none of the angry blisters he’d had that day. And yet it was — he was —
‘Isn’t it just,’ Sherlock spat, turning with a scratching whisper of his shoes on the hideously bleached-and-tarnished floor. ‘Bradstreet, arrest this
‘I… I don’t,’ John stuttered. Sherlock crept low and continued, with renewed fear pumping along his veins, because it was one thing for erratic and therefore dangerous Suze to invade, gun or other weapon in her hand, and very much another for AGRA alias ‘Mary Morstan’ to be standing in the flesh, in the middle of what had just become a hostage situation in full hitman (hitwoman) gear, smirking at them all.
) and clutching the wire tightly, draped the cloth over it. He then toasted them with the cage (which sent Ovid squawking and springing excitedly), and clumsily left without another word.
in and out of the house without being captured or stopped, yet also managing to disable/disarm Gruener without being noticed.)
She shrugged, smirking too. ‘I haven’t got any birthmarks, but I think if I had one that looked even a bit like that…’
, Sherlock thought wildly: harmful to the plant that created it, locked inside a glucose-based compound until released by enzymes upon ingestion, causing in a tingling, lachrymatory reaction in the ingesting animal; the potent sting of horseradish, wasabi, mustard. His scalp and insides itched painfully in places he knew he could not reach. It was delicious.
‘I’ll pop out and get something, then, yeah?’ he offered, hearing the forceful tension in his voice and resenting his own tangled feelings.
— was also almost palpably reasoning to herself that, in fact, the rumours had been true all along: they didn’t need two bedrooms in Baker Street.
There are at least two houses, superficially merely crack dens but in reality pornography mills and human trafficking hubs, where he takes them. He records his memories directly after, and keeps a photographic portrait of some kind from each episode. In several instances, he has instructed one of his victims to read the previous entry until he becomes aroused, at which point he.’ Sherlock swallowed. ‘He conducts the assault. Many of them are drugged. A few of them had previously consented to be photographed, or filmed. More than a few were refugees, or certainly of dubious immigration status, and intending to save enough money to stay or send funds back to family members. None of them has yet been induced to testify in any capacity against him.’
‘I imagine the staff records will quite wrongly list him as a “commissionaire”,’ mused Sherlock, texting furiously, as the taxi neared Baker Street. ‘And you should see Mycroft’s bathroom. You’d be sick.’
it – I went back this morning, before work, to the pet shop just down the road from where I found Flint – I didn’t know she was a girl,’ Challa added, looking apologetically at the bird (as if she cared a whit), who clicked her beak at a wayward strand of dark curly hair. ‘Anyway, the strange man at the Alpha Exotic Pets shop –’
Valuable animals often went on long waitlists, one of which almost certainly contained a ‘Henry Baker’ (as the careful script on the receipt noted). In addition to which, Sherlock was confident, this bird in particular had been trained certain phrases which gave clues as to the residence, occupation, and intention of her would-be owner. Child’s play.
Their fit aspiring-actor server appeared, placed an entirely unappetizing, probably stupidly expensive salad in front of him and a three-cheese-and-cracker board in front of Harry. His stomach churned — but again, his own fault; he hadn’t been paying attention. (
of was the prostitution ring with the underaged minors — damning enough for Gruener himself, but… He had only scratched the surface, evidently. How were these ‘other parties’ involved? Did Gruener procure for them? Some high-level hypocrisy in the Border Control office? Was the art smuggling a front too, beyond the unseemly pieces Sherlock had already witnessed?)
With an immediate hypnopompic switch, John had sat bolt upright in bed and grabbed his wrist in a bruising grip. Sweating, eyes dilated, momentarily disorientated, John had never seemed to Sherlock more materially, horrifically fragile.
‘Where did you find it?’ Sherlock barked, shaking away her now useless apologies. (The tap was running – John was, what? Not brushing his teeth – no – ah – splashing his neck with water – his customary sobering technique.)
John felt a swoop and soar of desire in his gut, mind rocketing through several satisfying ways he could shove the smug smirk on that gorgeous alien face into a gasp of pleasure.
It was going to drizzle, pour, dry up, and then (tomorrow) storm, he felt with certainty that was tinged, a bit madly, with affection. Nowhere rained with quite such constant paradoxical variety as Britain.
Once, not really that long ago (nearly 900 days now), John had not worried so much. Well, all right, he had worried a great deal, but he had been able (once Sherlock had got him out of his head) to enjoy himself – the thrill of the chase, the thunder of his blood at the climactic moment of catching the criminal, the long drunk slide of euphoria during which he and Sherlock tended to laugh themselves silly and wandered back to Baker Street like conquerors – and had even drawn heady strength from the realisation that that had been
Not for the first time, his body felt over-large, disassociated, outside of time. He wasn’t entirely sure where his own fingers had got to. (He wondered, briefly, if John had drugged him. (Intriguing; understandable. Alas, not likely.))
,’ John urged, voice faltering with the weight of it, and suddenly, for no clear reason, Sherlock’s voice cracked too when he said,
’ he added for emphasis, as Sherlock let John’s penis slip almost completely out of his mouth before swallowing him down again.
‘You’re important to us,’ he told her fiercely. If there was one incredible thing about people, it was their ability to fight if they thought they had someone or something to fight
Ah: that explained the books. (He had only, so finely, by the magnitude of a fruit fly’s hair, managed to avoid the temptation of sneaking a look at the parcel.) Evidently this was not a movie of sacred significance to John, so Sherlock also spoke over it: ‘How many typos have you found so far?’
He was slightly out of breath. He hadn’t – hadn’t meant to go on at that length – hadn’t quite known his imagination had painted those pictures, contradictory in places, consciously or even unconsciously.
Naturally the clinic was over-booked and, as expected when the weather was less than sultry, packed to the gills with people suffering from start-of-term colds and early flus and dreary moods as they came in out of the damp, sneezing and wheezing their way into the surgery in half-hearted attempts to get days off sick. Every young woman — hell, every female person aged two to ninety that he saw all day seemed to call to mind all the girls in Gruener’s backrooms and seedy hotels and basements and god knew where, all fleeing something terrible and running into worse. Every minute he was sat here, they were still imprisoned.
‘What time is Gruener expecting you?’ he asked, rather than anything close to what he wanted to say.
Sherlock was flushed, his hair wild in a way that John only saw after fist-fights with criminals and particularly long showers; his shirt as undone to the third button (had
His fingers found the sweep of Sherlock’s cheek just as Sherlock scooted to lean over and kiss him, and John refused to worry about stitches or Suze or Mary or Molly, about any of the things they had said or done in their entire lives, and just kissed him back.
Some tight, long-suffocating band across his chest seemed to loosen. Was that… progress? John thought back to previous fights on this same subject. They had, at least, managed to sort out where the boundaries were. ‘
‘John, I have known many people in this world, but made few friends, and I can safely say you are the bravest, and kindest, and wisest human being I have ever known.’
, a man who took up more of the sofa around John, who had a harsher mouth, heavier hands, hairier feet, a muskier smell, a flatter chest, and 100% more cock than (almost) anyone he had previously slept with. Or ever really wanted to sleep with.
She smiled. ‘Yes, I suppose.’ Biting her lip, she stared into the middle distance for a bit. Then: ‘So, we’re reasonably sure of a few things: first, that he does have some hard-copy, something tangible, that he uses as… as proof, or something, that he’s assaulted each of these girls.’
here anymore; John’s room was more often than not a changing room, an overlarge closet versus where they actually slept together — and slept at all —, in Sherlock’s room). His deep, steadying huff was nearly as loud as John’s, though he seemed to have tried to mute it by exhaling through his nose. John didn’t look round.
With Mary, of course, he’d never been anything but her boyfriend. The only times they’d slept in their own beds had been before they’d gotten serious. Within a few weeks, he’d effectively moved into hers, spending no time at his oppressive tin box of a flat. She’d gamely cleared out a nightstand (the right one, for no reason he could quite remember agreeing to), and the room had been — more so than with any previous parter — a couple’s bedroom. A snug, mostly uncluttered, shared space that smelled like both of them and told anyone who come round for dinner that they were a ‘them’: one bedroom, theirs.
Some part of his brain was transfixed: suddenly watching Sherlock ram himself down sharply onto John’s fingers, groaning furiously like he did when they ran up against a roadblock in a case, and the low swipes of arousal tipped John over the edge, feeling like his brain was swimming in honey, warm and tractionless. Even in his most vivid daydreams, even when once, last year (on Sherlock’s birthday) — following that visit from Lestrade, providing him with the worst birthday gift he’d ever received, hating and craving it, and ending up absolutely
in ways that still made Sherlock, after all this time, itch eagerly then burn with guilt —  not yet ‘showing’ — emerged and, it seemed, put an end to the interview.
With a sigh of impatience, John licked his lips, clearly wishing he could say more. His fingers dug in to the tartan-clad stuffing. ‘All right, then, what do you suggest, Dupin?’
‘I didn’t love her,’ he admitted, which was the first time he’d said that out loud. Retroactively he felt apologetic — he really should call Mary and make sure she was all right. They’d ended things a little ambiguously, just sort of drifted out of touch, which suddenly seemed strange since he’d damn near proposed to her.
Sherlock looked up, slightly mystified. ‘You’re right,’ he observed, sounding slightly awed, as though this opened whole new continents of unlikely phenomena.
surging to his furthest extremities. It almost hurt, how good it was, being kissed by John, kissed like John was going to keep him here, uncomfortably pinned between the edge, where kitchen met living room, and John’s hard insistent body, and he
With an elegance matched only by a certain pair of sparring brothers in his life, Violet rolled her eyes and stood up straighter from where she was leaning over her worktop. ‘A woman drowned, Dr. Watson. It isn’t as though she was pushed off a
Sherlock wouldn’t deduce him from some stain or crease), or a devoted, head-over-heels idiot who in fact wouldn’t say no to putting off their row until after at least a snog.
) Being on his person, the book necessarily had to be small (either constantly or collapsably so), inconspicuous, and — judging by his aesthetic tastes and scholarly interests — antiquated in some way: a throw-back, a personal joke that would add ironic savour to the victorious melodrama of carrying such implicating material into the ivory towers and red-carpeted halls of London’s great and powerful.
Sherlock regarded him with (masked) confusion. Why this particular reference was so disagreeable to John, he had no idea: if he’d known anything about the book/film/programme/other media work, he’d evidently deleted it.
Sergeant Challa, on the other hand, was rising in his esteem with every encounter. Today marked a new acme in his opinion of her.
‘Yes, I’ve been hearing a great deal about your friends, not to mention your relations.’ (‘Relations’, honestly; if he’d wanted to spend his life speaking this way he would have gone to work for Mycroft.)
. And all day I was wondering what that face this morning had twigged in my head even though I couldn’t put my finger on it, and eventually I got there. So. Let’s have it. What happened to her?’
. Even four years ago, after the pool, Sherlock could have appreciated the practical importance of trusting one’s closest allies with information. (Besides, a disguise – and a clever, effective disguise, at that – was hardly something to become bashful about.) But now, after just under 800 days of simmering, acidic paranoia corroding him, of a thing nurtured by his self-hatred and by the gnawing fear that he would miss a vital clue and cost John his life (or Mrs Hudson’s, or Lestrade’s), but most of all by the deeper, ineradicable terror that eventually John would not want him close, he considered Neville St Clair a fool of the most selfish, sickening kind.
shielding Molly (who, though she could almost certainly get herself out of harm’s way, was nevertheless a vulnerable target, and – from the sound of her shallow, choked breathing, beginning to panic about her odds of ending up in a fire-fight). Sherlock was displeased with the odds himself, as it happened, but he knew something that no one else in the room did – a feeling that so seldom got old, and never in circumstances like this, when his knowledge was decisively to their advantage…
in the next room when in his heart he knew it was impossible… Lying in Sherlock’s empty bed instead felt like a perverse intrusion.
of brogues heavily padding up seventeen steps), John himself came in, having only had one more drink (and not even finished it).
Suddenly the warm pressure on his leg, the inner seam of his dark jeans (hence why he’d worn them), made him freeze slightly at the novelty. They were not especially demonstrative in public, despite the fact that, at home at least, they sat with skin in contact as often as not. Here though, to have John at his side, pressed somewhat needlessly up against him, nattering away and laughing with Mike and another doctor about texting and sisters and holidays and television, while all the time John’s hand was firmly rested across the splay above his knee… intoxicating, far beyond what the ‘dainty’ beverage in front of him could hope to accomplish. It certainly mitigated the mundanity of increasingly
He was rambling, he knew, and he wasn’t even sure Sherlock was interested, sitting still and almost vacant, his mouth in a stern tight line. He might not even be listening, John thought with a cold ripple down his spine.
‘Lie flat,’ John grunted, as though his voice wasn’t as wrecked as it sounded even to himself in the quiet, budging up so he could curl once more around him, nose to toes. His feet were warming up already.
The man with whom John had been speaking backed up a step, and taking one last sip of his pint, added the empty glass to the accruing stockpile of foam-streaked vessels waiting for collection. (It might be interesting, actually, to discover the effects of alcohol on sweat and the breakdown of both/either on fingerprints…)
’No, I d—’ Sherlock began to scoff, turning around from where he was disposing — the single act of communal cleanliness he ever performed — the old coffee filter and dregs, but he stopped mid-way and goggled at… ah. The dressing gown. He’d forgotten.
He braced himself. They hadn’t — he hadn’t — really decided how, or what even he wanted to tell people. It was going to get out eventually: he hadn’t even made it fifty
They kiss for another moment, until Sherlock tucks his arms in between them and nestles closer into his pillow, eyes shutting.
Just as he was falling asleep, the tread of familiar footfalls sounded the approach. The shudder of the doorhandle heralded the sudden silhouette of Sherlock, who charged, eyes front in the dark, to climb over the duvet and curl from nose to knees into the blanketed angles of John’s body. (He should be lying on his side.) John blinked, instantly very awake, at the ceiling, and waited to hear what – if anything – Sherlock wanted to say.
He saved the unfinished email and scrolled through his contacts: yes, he did have her number, buried in his call history. Last used more than five months earlier. And, above his outgoing message of yesterday, the last text from Mary beneath the little grey date mark reading, ‘
However ostensibly neutral his words were, the implication in his note of accusation was clear. He had used just such a tone multiple times in the more recent years of our companionship, almost always to imply that my attentions were straying from their rightful object (viz., himself), and onto less appropriate claimants (usually a pretty young woman).
‘Just – tell me,’ John muttered, ‘when something gets to you. I will too. Even the small things. Because either it’s as stupid as you’re thinking, in which case I’m happy for us to laugh it off together; or it’s something you’ve got worked up in your own head, something I’ll gladly point out is a worry over nothing real, nothing as serious as you’re afraid of, and we’ll move on; or, it’s really bad. In which case, we’ll handle it.’ He stroked gentlingly along Sherlock’s spine. ‘Together.’
’ commanded Sherlock furiously, and John couldn’t wait any longer either, pulled his fingers out so fast it provoked in Sherlock a startling cry of shock and the ghost of a pain (which was, of course, at this stage, only identifiable as the absence of pleasure).
Late that night, after the family and a selection of John’s army self-styled ‘mates’ sang and toasted and made consummate fools of themselves with no sign of regret or remorse (though, blessedly, they let him alone after a few ribald comments: no doubt on Bill Murray’s orders to behave), John giggled and, in the guest room (the attic of the renovated barn on Bill Murray’s property), pressed and pulled and dragged and exalted Sherlock with a slow ardour that made him feel like he was losing his mind, obliterating the entire world because the entire warmth and weight of it was surely here, beneath John’s skin.
‘ John urged, and Sherlock reached the top of the stairs, pain radiating through his abdomen, forcing his breathing to stabilise so he could move as silently as possible into the room, while everyone (the guests and the guards alike) had their attention focussed on the Nemesis now in their midst. ‘
He rolled, practiced, into sitting, pushed his head between his knees. He nearly choked on cool air in burning gasps; he managed not to be sick on his own feet. Only just.
Sherlock to crowd him under the duvet and suggest they forget about whatever Sergeant Peterson had phoned for and spend the day in bed emphatically
without hurling it at his sister, never mind the next fifty years. But things were just beginning to settle down. They hadn’t had a row (unless you counted the small ones in the hospital about deducing the medical staff, or complaining about the machine noise) in… well, since before the hospital. And as much as John’s gut twisted with the fear, mixed with a kind of grim familiarity, that this latest attempt was going to end very, very badly, some absurd part of him couldn’t stop replaying Sherlock blurting out, ‘
Eventually, vocal chords gummy with lachrymosal mucous, Sherlock pulled back and sniffed, ‘I hate this ridiculous bed.’
(So too arose the possibility, as argued the Mycroft-schooled voice of plumbeous, logical disinterest in his mind, that John wanted her for
‘John?’ Sherlock murmured, low, and John reflexively gripped him tighter and shook his head and turned to tip Sherlock’s face to one side so he could try kissing him here, sucking a mark into his neck while his clenched hands no doubt left creases in this shirt that would be impossible to iron out. He sucked a patch over Sherlock’s artery until he squirmed, his own hands threaded in John’s hair as if ensnared.
‘Well, Mister Holmes… I rather thought I would be seeing you… sooner or later,’ Gruener chided, with a twitch of cheerless amusement across his thin lips.
John grinned back. ‘A spectacle? I’d be happy to give you the preview here, if you’d prefer. And then I can recommend the resident who does the cleanest stitches.’
The sun was shining in long, blanketing rays, but the narrow avenue that made up what Suze intuitively nominated as the ‘garden’ was almost completely in shadow at this and, judging by the similar heights of the three-storey building and the railway, most hours of the day. At night, of course, it would be entirely illuminated from within, or else nested in darkness.
John Watson in his life in every possible human way, that he had not been measuring each of those days with corresponding observance, was peculiarly chastising.
Most of the time, though, John sat with him. Spoke to him (almost exclusively about inconsequential or impersonal subjects). This made proceedings on the plan to destroy Gruener congeal to a viscid crawl.
Just as the queue started to move at last, a man in a long, posh mack and three-piece suit dodged right in front of John to lunge with his one free hand for a sandwich off the takeaway shelf, knocking into him and sending the cup of soup he was holding in his other hand straight to the floor,
Some time later, he became aware that (cooling) tea and eight brown cardboard packages were now on the coffeetable that had not been there previously, and that the front door and seventeen steps were reverberating with the return — oh —
A while later, he pulled himself into his jeans, and put on another t-shirt; he removed his socks, slightly annoyed with himself. He never slept well with his socks on.
‘African Grey parrots are widely considered to be among the most intelligent species on Earth, John.’ (John had once shared a
And his gaze went, as it so often did (even when they were covered up beneath shirts and jackets) to Sherlock’s scars: pink-turning-to-pearlescent, a patchwork of shimmering lines and blotches and burns… John’s free hand was providing leverage, soothing Sherlock’s heaving ribs with his palm, but his thumb was smudging the end of the worst line — a deep, deceptively-gently curved lash reaching almost from his kidney up to his right pointy acromion where it stuck out like the tip of an epaulette. It would have hurt.
He turned around, to find Gruener now sitting at his desk, entirely at his leisure, though still coiled like a cobra, chuckling.
Mind Palace-John stalked the corridor with the air of a prowling lion. ’Let me tell you, the thrill I’d get out of breaking his arm? Not so fleeting.’
That was an understatement, but he felt like there was enough ahead in their day to bring down the mood: he didn’t need to subject her to his own private therapy session before seven in the morning. Or ever.
‘Whatever hell I’ve been through, he deserves a lower one,’ she spat. ‘And Porky told me you know about some barmy girl who’s got herself engaged to him? Must be deaf, blind, and off her bloody head. Not that it doesn’t happen to the best of us, as much as the worst.’
‘It’s late,’ he repeated, watching Sherlock huff impatiently, mouth indecently reddened. ‘Got work tomorrow. I’m for bed. A proper night’s sleep.’ His hard-on thrummed in protest against the fiddly buttons of his tuxedo flies, but he forcibly ignored it. ‘Are you sleeping tonight?’
(Visions of Dewer’s Hollow and John’s jacket with leather elbowpatches; of him ordering corporals around Baskerville completely on a bluff and smirking as he saluted; of him pulling rank during that Bloody Guardsman case… John’s charms were often best displayed when taking charge.) ‘Tempting though that might be, I’d err towards no.’
She nodded, muttered a small, ‘Okay, thanks,’ and, never losing the fiercely-straight posture that smacked to John of a childhood of piano lessons (and everything that kind of childhood carried along with it), pulled the cross-body purse she’d brought over her head. Dive right in, indeed.
, in a way that John was sure he was unique to experience. He knew Sherlock’s libido was fickle, perhaps more ungovernable than his mind, but
‘John Watson, I am not some little old lady on death’s door!’ she scolded, placing her hands firmly on her hips. (She probably danced better than he did, at any age.)
He tried to be glad he’d managed to admit it rather than feel sick, but he waited until his breathing was steadier before looking up. Sherlock continued his stunned silence. They were going round in circles.
‘No, she wasn’t.’ That… that wasn’t possible. He’d practically married the woman, been in her flat (in her body), gone away with her for a weekend, learned her family history and met her friends — what little there was — and by god, if she’d been lying too —
‘Death comes even to the young,’ Gruener purred, with lascivious awe, taking a few steps closer to stand by Sherlock’s side, admiring. ‘Even to young lovers. The most beautiful of God’s creatures are those most fragile. Bodies so ripe and new, filled with hope, and yet only a moment’s space away from being reduced to parts. So small and so easily broken.’
‘If Scotland Yard ever needed a more accurate slogan…’ he offered, and John laughed, which was worth the answering spike of pain when he laughed himself.
There would be impressions on John’s hip later where Sherlock had been gripping him tight, though his brain had never processed doing so as a conscious decision.
Was it really going to go this way? John knew he’d gone further than he meant, in suggesting the case wasn’t important – of course it was. Horner was pretty clearly innocent, if proved no better than the compact, heavy bulge in the inner lining of John’s black leather jacket. More importantly, the cases in general were important: vulnerable people who mistrusted the police, or who simply appreciated (particularly after the disgusting, shattering fallout after Moriarty) that Sherlock was without question a
‘Carbuncle,’ Sherlock corrected. ‘And Braithwaite is her surname; “Lady Morcar” is her formal designation when she isn’t present.’
Yes: the low animalistic whimper (muttered, reverberating – off the floor – located from John by a far enough distance as to be almost inaudible through his microphone). Incapacitated, inarticulate –
‘Which is why I reminded her that I slept about half this much in Afghanistan and even less during my second year of med school. Not to mention during about half the cases.’ He shrugged. ‘Are you cold?’
John snorted, and got to his feet, pacing with the instinct born of years of forcing himself to keep his temper (
, the beautiful fractious heavy-eyed buttoned-up coiled spring of a man that couldn’t admit anything of importance without being pushed out of his comfort zone and then a bit farther. The longer the silence pooled between them, the worse grew the queasiness swamping the back of Sherlock’s throat. Because eventually John would decide that Sherlock had pushed too far. That the next time John opened his mouth, it would be to announce the impossibility of continuing like this. That he no longer felt or believed the hair-raising storm of things he had sworn by Sherlock’s hospital bed (no doubt adding that such declarations didn’t count, anyway, and that Sherlock was himself a fool for believing, even for a moment, otherwise).
of Ryder’s throat and gummy mouth as he struggled to keep his head up, ‘I’m all right, I’m fine, I…’, was almost obscene. John moved with ingrained promptness and retrieved a glass of water. Sherlock grimaced, but otherwise remained immarbled.
And however successful he might deem their intercourse of this morning, the dread lurking in his chest cavity revolved around the fact that it had been a success
The (gentle-, he probably added)man took a moment to sip his tea (his ‘thank you’ so resonant in his mouth it was virtually unintelligible), then sat back.
Even Before, Sherlock had been able to switch trains of thought at the speed of lightning. One minute discussing a poisoner’s MO, the next the idiotically high-res CCTV as shown on telly, then back to arsenic, before John had even spoken. Sherlock’s mercurial libido was not a surprise development of After — at least, John assumed so. The fact that Sherlock was more likely to moan when a slide culture failed to mature than when he was denied sex seemed all too believable.
Shaking his head, John rose onto his toes and planted a closed-lipped (beer; pub food) kiss — a shock, in the midst of these dozens of nosy, absurd people — on Sherlock’s possibly self-congratulatory mouth.
She gave a sort of gentle nod, shrugging. ’I’m not especially squeamish. Well. I don’t especially like cockroaches, but that’s, that’s it, I think. Hard to work in a morgue if you’re iffy around body parts or… you know, death.’
As if stuck in a particularly stubborn temporal wrinkle, Sherlock returned to the exact spot on the pavement, feeling the same queasy undulation in his stomach. No, indeed – he had, quite accidentally, already discovered John’s dark humour had acquired a rather predictable lacuna roughly the size and shape of Sherlock’s bloodied doppelganger. His outburst on the second or third case after reinstatement – Lestrade’s reinstatement as well as his, he found himself satisfied to know –, that ‘Oh,
And yet… his mind, frustratingly, was carrying on two tracks of thought simultaneously. And on the secondary line, he found himself musing that the other unfortunate element in his brother’s hoarding of information
‘They are pretty juicy documents,’ John had allowed, mock-frowning, ‘though they leave a bad taste in my mouth. But’s that just me.’
John yanked aside the sheet and sighed with overjoyed relief to find Sherlock completely naked underneath — flushed across his abdomen, a little bit hard and breathing unevenly — gorgeous — it had been
The sounds of gathered breathing and the occasional rustle of cloth and bodily movement brought Sherlock into one of the open spaces in the main assembly hall, where a group of three monks in turmeric- and wine-coloured robes were working, knelt low over patch of floor and surrounded by small bowls. Sherlock looked around, unsure if his appearance was violating some sort of regulation about outsiders. Several more monks were seated, legs crossed, in another circle, each with a candle set before him, eyes shut: presumably, praying (though given the hour, Sherlock wouldn’t have blamed them for sleeping, as he wished he could). It occurred to him that he had no idea what they prayed for, or how, or to whom/what deity or force. Since nobody seemed especially alarmed at his appearance — he had left his shoes, as requested, outside — , he moved around the outside of the hall, amidst an array of, no doubt meaningfully-clad, statues, circling the low-inset floor to the best of his ability in the ascetic semi-dark.
But then Sherlock flips over, rolling to face John, and his mouth is a little less downturned, his eyes a little less defeated. John slides a hand to tug slightly at Sherlock’s mossy green shirtfront, his other arm going beneath Sherlock’s neck for him to rest on.
With a rustle of wings which sent a newspaper and some toast crumbs to the floor, Flint shuffled and hooted in a half-hearted attempt at flight, making her way to where Sherlock’s bow hand had been resting near the table edge. He offered her his sleeved wrist, onto which she mounted, while he relished the opportunity to ignore Mycroft as ostentatiously as possible.
the type to fuck someone in an alley, or in his childhood room just upstairs from — no — that wasn’t an option — so, taxi.
all the time! ‘What, d’you think someone’s going to steal the Carbuncle again out of our living room desk?’
Just as he was about to finish his cuppa at mid-morning, his phone buzzed sharply. No one was in the break room to comment on the fact that he was already holding his mobile before it lit up.
Brushing away tears with carefully flattened fingers, she nodded at him, though neither of them seemed especially comforted.
it to happen, that he wanted John not just for spontaneous quickies but for deeply premeditated, er, manoeuvers, the kind that didn’t deflate at negotiations of ‘top’ and ‘bottom’ and hygiene and history. John pressed more fully across Sherlock’s whole body, hard and tight, and didn’t care whether it was now (though fucking hell he was ready now) or never, but that look on Sherlock’s face had made John groan to suppress the simple declaration that he wanted to paint in permanent shiny letters over the doorway to 221 —
Did she want kids? She dated. Was dating. She worked loads, but as she’d pointed out in crystal clear tones last night, she kept a barrier between work and home life. Maybe she wanted to travel instead? It was all too easy to picture her volunteering in some clinic in South Sudan or Thailand or somewhere, making do with the resources on hand. Come to that, she could probably have hacked the army, if she’d had a bit of training. He hadn’t yet seen her fazed by anything except… well, Sherlock.
in the shadowy direction of his hamper. It missed. For a feverish moment, this single problem made him wanted to curl into his pillows and cry himself back to sleep. Instead, because he knew he was not ill, his leaden muscles shook in a single, mirthless laugh.
, Sherlock thought, then chided himself. Even in his own mind, he was disgusted with how heavy-handed could he be. Evidently he getting maudlin in his middle age.
But these last few weeks had taken a special toll, almost steeper than the price of Sherlock’s return – perhaps (almost certainly) connected – and somehow the case itself had dwindled in Sherlock’s interest in contradistinction to the enigma of how they could possibly go on taking cases if John – if they both – could not control their emotional responses to letting the other near to danger.
His phone clattered across the carpet as he half-threw, half-dropped it. He had to go out, to do something – Sherlock wouldn’t be home for hours, probably, and John wasn’t sure he wanted to hear the rest of the story. Stooping to pick up his phone, his back gave a twinge of protest, and he heard as if a perverse echo,
Several minutes later, grips no longer quite so vice-like on each other, John felt Sherlock release a shuddering breath. ‘You have no idea,’ Sherlock gulped, in a voice wet and trembling, ‘how deeply I love you.’
Yes, with that voice — almost beautiful; like a politician’s intrigue-plotting adviser crossed with a Leipzig professor — ‘hypnotic suggestion’ as such was no more than a magician’s trick, but certain people
to suggest you’re not only writing for your usual blog punters but also for a less witless audience. — Your misled belief the average book buyer has higher standards of the English language, I will not bother to dignify with an argument. — Conclusion: you received another email this morning from a publisher, this time offering acceptable terms, and you intend to take it.’
‘It’s the nature of my work to keep abreast of the relevant news,’ he shrugged. ‘A not entirely uninteresting pastime.’
‘Was here last night,’ he bluffed, indifferent if she believed him: perhaps she might threaten to call the police. (A laughable threat, but, well, people did love a nuisance.) He was nearly finished anyway. ‘Damn. I wonder if she —’
So by March, even having spent the better part of the equivalent of John’s medical wages on a work of admittedly beautiful proto-Modern art, Sherlock had known he must do more. He had thrown himself fully into the project, contacting everyone from Molly to Mrs Hudson to Lestrade (in a manner which — the security team that had arrived, sirens wailing, at Baker Street mid-one afternoon — he was informed was ‘absolutely out of line’ and ‘
He got a cup of tea — he hadn’t more than touched the fine china at Violet’s before he’d been thrown out — and sat down with his laptop. Maybe it was time for him to consider brushing up a bit on literary technique, editing, marketing, that sort of thing. He had an audience, and this publisher sounded keen, but (then again) they were paid to do that. And more to the point, if and when he ever got the shock of seeing his name on the spine of an honest-to-god book in an actual bookshop, he wanted to be able to be proud of what was between the covers. What was that cliche advice he’d got from that sergeant — Daniels, who’d treated them to some original poetry — during a knees-up of a poker game past midnight?
He ignored Harry’s bark of disbelief that he would storm off, ignored the head server who muttered something as he marched past about whether ‘sir needed a taxi?’.
‘Long, tedious shift, patients all unspeakably boring; spilled soup on your shoes, had replacement takeaway lunch with’ (he swallowed down the errant panic in this burgeoning deduction) ‘someone you know. Tube horrifically busy — replacement works on the Circle line backing up service through the major central stations.’
‘Dr. Watson,’ she pealed, and for god’s sake when was his life going to stop being a parade of plummy-voiced toffs who thought they were above the law? ‘Do come in, we’ve been expecting you.’
‘God, you’re a bad man,’ he groaned, sucking a lovebite over Sherlock’s clavicle, unfastening and untucking and petting until his fingertips crept along the warm skin of Sherlock’s hips beneath the loose invitation of his undone belt. ‘Sitting there, all night, in your damned
’, when the temptation of wondering what the soft, firm insides of John’s thighs would feel like, warmed by their pre-ejaculate and saliva and friction; to stop when John made those noises and held Sherlock so tight it seemed again like it was worth whatever humility he would need to muster later (now) to have this, them, in the night… To believe, in short, that he was not addicted to John Watson beyond reason was to fail to observe himself.)
Sherlock played beautifully for over an hour after Suze left, and John ached with gratitude to be able to sit with a nice glass of scotch and simply get lost in whatever sad, crooning melody Sherlock was drawing out of the violin. This was how they worked best: the two of them sitting with a client between them, and then hours of closeness unspooling, alone with each other, punctuated only by asking the other’s opinion on the best strategy for taking down a criminal or on what they’d like for tea.
CONTENT WARNING: mentions of canon-typical depressive and suicidal thoughts. Also: the rating is real, and getting realer.
‘Your brother had no idea.’ He was smiling, a cruel, pained twist of his mouth that made Sherlock want to recoil in spite of his anger; his voice (thick: altered) carried no amusement, only fierce, dangerous restraint. ‘I was not fine. Bad. I was… bad. All right? Now,
Assuredly, Mycroft rolled his eyes. Excellent. Maybe for once a popular misconception would turn out to be true and his face would get stuck that way.
, as close an approximation as you do; hammering, really — when I came in. You were laughing to yourself as you wrote but you were worried momentarily when you looked at the top of my head: writing up the case, then. — The bump, incidentally, is
‘Don’t deliberately misunderstand me,’ he flustered, suddenly furious that if John decided to leave the room quickly, there was virtually no way Sherlock could catch up to him without compromising his injuries. ‘You know what I meant.’
She looked at him, a mixture of gratitude and distrust on her thin face. ‘I can hardly ask you the answer if Baron Gruener wants me to prove I’m not a fraud, can I?’
,’ John cut in, kindly. ‘You won’t mess up. And if you do, I will be there. Between the two of us, we’ve got it sorted. Really.’
and company in. Everything of importance will be there. Gruener is old-fashioned. He keeps a tight —‘ (he only just caught himself in time) ‘—
Sherlock, hand holding lightly but firmly above John’s side as though he meant to grip there and propel himself up towards John’s mouth (not a bad idea), had his thumb grazing slightly to curve over John’s hipbone where the hollow of his skin was humid and hyper-sensitive, and looked up: his eyes were fountain water around jet black discs of pupils. John tugged lightly at Sherlock’s mussed hair, trailing in loops up and in and out and down and up. With each stroke he confirmed inwardly that his ability to hold everything he felt for Sherlock inside himself was rapidly deteriorating. Sometimes it threatened to explode his skin from within, sending bits of himself across 221b like a bomb blast. (As his dreams proved, such a thing was easy to picture.) Yet somehow even now his own body felt enormous, his toes miles and miles away, across the confused, bumbling mountain range of both their skin, and beyond them Sherlock’s paler knobblier feet, and between here and there Sherlock was looking at him hungrily under long eyelashes and John imagined the tectonic shift that would erupt if he gave in and rolled himself up to cover Sherlock’s body with his and kiss him until they could go again.
No, the safety of their home was the best bet, not least because, if things went even a little bit well, he wanted to take his time with Sherlock on the sofa. (And, of course, if things crashed and burned, as now seemed more likely, he would at least be only seconds from his own room, rather than trapped and repelled by an unresponsive Sherlock indefinitely.)
Without any evidence, he was indeed counting on a bluff based entirely on his own, as-yet unfounded certainty. Fortunately for them all — except of course Gruener — his certainty was worth more than most.
John’s instincts were carrying him, helping him through the strangely wonderfully easy motions as he found himself pressed chest to chest with Sherlock while the violinist’s long hands crept cautiously under his cotton t-shirt, while his own hands worked Sherlock’s jacket off and his midnight blue button-up (black in the evening half-light of the sitting room) all the way open. He ran his fingers self-indulgently along Sherlock’s ribs, and felt him moan into his mouth.
John would come home, and then Sherlock would explain – explain that he wasn’t like Neville St Clair.
and left him breathless had he attempted prolonged stooping bent at the waist as they were doing). All three regarded a square, outlined with the brown towels on which the monks crouched, roughly three square feet in area. Each man held two instruments (pencils? chopsticks? paint brushes?) and was silently moving the brightly-tinted material from the bowls into evidently pre-ordained patterns before him; the group seemed to need no speech, as every person went about arranging his requisite contribution to the tapestry.
‘If Henry Baker really did purchase a parrot’ (‘Pretty parrot, yes you are,’ said Ovid, and Sherlock stroked his ear-tufts to quieten him.) ‘for the sole purpose of entering the good books of his recently-distant ornithologist wife, he will require a bird that can repeat the phrases which – according to Mr. Breckinridge – were taught to Flint’ (‘Flint! Linus! Soup’s on!’) ‘before she was acquired. If, on the other hand, Henry Baker is involved in the burglary, he will use any excuse to avoid taking this bird home once it becomes clear that Ovid has not ingested anything of any human value.’ He examined Ovid for a moment. ‘So far as I know.’
Sherlock would never have let that answer go, would have stared him down, but Harry waited only a heartbeat before she made a tiny noise of disbelief, took another aggressive sip of her water-with-lime, and looked away.
‘That’s not terribly surprising, is it?’ John asked in his impatient, surely-you-are-not-so-dense-as-to-contradict-the-reasonable-thing-I’ve-just-said voice. ‘Lots of patients lose their memory of a traumatic injury.’
But, he vowed, when they got home, he would not be brushed off by siblings, honorary aunts, policemen, parrots, or worst of all, consulting detectives.
. It was for the best that they had well and truly eradicated the flat of cigarettes, for Sherlock knew that had he had recourse to two full packs, he might have well worked through them, which might have had disastrous consequences since John did not date (i.e., kiss) smokers, which was possibly his most effective anti-smoking incentive to date.
‘John,’ Sherlock muttered sternly, finding the shell of John’s ear as John manhandled him fiercely out of his ridiculous posh dinner jacket and bloody
‘Please,’ St Clair begged, and Sherlock looked up from his balled fists to see Neville standing between the constable and sergeant, their grips bracketing him as surely as handcuffs. ‘Don’t tell – let me tell Grace, about everything – I just…’ He looked, for the first time, ashamed. ‘I don’t want the children to know what I… to see me…’ He gulped, and Sherlock again felt a spike of discomfort at not knowing what he was expected to do in the face of this outpouring of emotion. ‘It got so out of hand. I hadn’t intended it to go on for so long.’
‘Why didn’t she ever phone me?’ John’s tone was subdued, calm, but curious: nigh on unreadable against the tension in his shoulders, his firmly planted, still-shod feet.
Waving a white hand in defeat, Hopkins shuffled off to report his and the Yard’s rampant incompetence. A weekly meeting, no doubt.
‘Yeah, yeah, teach her all the Latin you want, just don’t let’s start making it any more difficult than necessary to feed her. We’ll deal with her potential stubborn veganism once she’s old enough not to spit out vitamins.’
. It probably hurt. John waited, pulse crashing in his ears, on the edge himself but refusing to go over, murmuring endlessly how good it felt and how good Christopher was, coaxing even noise from him that could be found, because clearly this was some sort of fantasy world in which they both could be alter egos of themselves, playing along, rough and petting and gasping, and laughing even — that last bit was the most surprising. John focussed on that, on the daze of nerve-sizzling, scalp-scorching pleasure of being with someone who didn’t know anything about him, who didn’t look at him and see a lad from a slightly rough school who was smarter than his mates but always fighting like mad to keep his head above water; didn’t see someone privately terrified of being shipped off to some godforsaken corner of the world and loving every second like the jump out of an airplane; didn’t know his sexuality or his middle name or his phone number or anything about him except one night’s worth of what he could do in bed.
emails specifically? He wasn’t a complete fossil, but the auto-reply function of a bounced email seemed to leave a great deal of ambiguity (apart from an error code, like that meant anything to him) for him to muddle over.
gone matted with sweat. John immediately turned round and adjusted the fan they’d been supplied, switching it up one notch to a steady thrumming breeze that sent his own flesh shivering with goose pimples. Then he leaned over and thoughtlessly brushed the curl back, flattened it into the rest, with the easy familiarity of having done so a lot recently — so often he’d lost count. Once upon a time, he could count on one hand the number of times he’d allowed himself to take the liberty of touching Sherlock in that way, a betrayal of intimacy that he had, subconsciously, labelled
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock pushed the unoccupied desk chair out so that they were next to each other at the corner of the table, then took the inquisitive-eyed bird gently from his cage, allowing him to step timidly up his arm. Sherlock waited. After a moment, John – in a well-practised move – uncrossed his arms, sighed, and sank into his chair. (His knee was perilously close to Sherlock’s knee, but, Sherlock swallowed, his pride at having contributed to the case was no doubt affecting his haptic awareness.)
It was possible that such a comment would not be appreciated, but, well, John continued to desire ‘honesty’ from him, and it was his ‘honest’ (and therefore accurate) expectation that John would find nothing but disappointment from the ne’er-do-well, perennially absent Harriet.
Adding more lube, he gradually become more forceful, more direct, allowing Sherlock’s body to accommodate him, stretching just barely around him, deliberately finding — that helpful stereotype about doctors (well, it wasn’t wrong) — Sherlock’s prostate and provoking a positive shout. John added a third.
? Were those even good tickets? What if he shunted off his seats for some artsy nonsense in a bunker near Heathrow.’
, after the sordid, fantastic conclusion. And Sherlock had (rather too vocally, he recalled with disgust) wanted all of him.
John was still standing there, watching him, stranded amidst a sea of tile and sterilised furniture, but some of the warmth in his expression seemed to be receding.
‘A reasonably clever deception,’ Mycroft was admitting, lowering the gruesome pornographic toy, so uninteresting that Sherlock considering storming away.
‘This?’ John’s voice sliced in low and desperately sharp, pulled back his shoulders. ‘This isn’t it.’ He bit his tongue and re-grounded his stance, alarm bells in his head clashing between the impulse to
