Cas had walked in, and looked quite confused.
Winter was awful when it came.  Jack hadn’t expected the cold that came with this.  He had read about it, but never expected it to actually happen.  He didn’t like it, but it seemed there was no getting out of it.  It seemed that even being an all-powerful being didn’t help him.  He got the side-effects, just like everyone else.
“That does make sense.”  He stated. They finished watching the movie. Unsatisfied, Jack asked if she wanted to watch another.
I'm on con crunch rn, so stuff is slow cuz cosplay
“You haven’t even touched your food.  You’re not going anywhere.”  Dean said.
Jack acted on impulse, which basically drained everything he had in him.  He had gotten Sam away from the beast, but he couldn’t exactly make it back to his feet, which lead Cas to basically carrying him from the cave, while Dean torched it.
Jack started to sneak back out of the doorway.
also this is still fun - baby's first holidays
“I just, uh, I know what you’re doing.”  She stated.  Jack froze.  His cheeks began to burn.
They even ended up trying therapy.  Dean didn’t like it, but it did help a bit.  Enough for him to stick with it for a few weeks.
“So you don’t want to talk about it, huh?”  She asked.  Jack found himself just staring at the ceiling.  He did.
He wasn’t fully in control, no, he was really the opposite.  He had no control over himself, and no amount of Nephilim could help him.
“I don’t know.”  Jack said, and he buried his head into the seatbelt for the rest of the drive home - knowing the absolute panic that would come with being home.
“What happened?  You puke?”  Sam asked, and Jack just nodded.
He probably couldn’t die from it, at least not for many eons, but he could still get sick and live miserably with it.
Jack didn’t actually talk throughout the first day.  He wanted to just figure out what everything was.  Why the other kids just wouldn’t shut up, or get off of their phones when the teacher called.
Diner stints
He found that after a particularly long time of being alone, while the three were off on a long hunt, that he had changed.  Jack had done research on his own, about weight and losing it.  He bought a scale and a notebook, hoping to track everything he could.  This was beginning to consume him, and with it, well, it made it much easier to take the other students and their teasing.  All he cared about was getting the numbers to go down.
Purging wasn’t magically easy, no, he still had the same stupid issues as everyone else, and pie was so stupidly clumpy.  It felt stuck in his throat.
“After what happened earlier, you need more than some crappy egg sandwich.”  Dean explained.  Jack just rolled his eyes.  Cas seemed just as concerned with Jack, but didn’t quite know what to say.
Jack turned his head.
“And you’ll be more careful this time?  You know, the last time didn’t go too well.”  Cas pointed out.
“That’s good.”  Sam said, his voice still the same soft tone.
January 1st.  A time of starting fresh and wiping the entire slate.
“I’m fine, really.”  He lied, but when the food came, he basically inhaled the fries from hunger.
“It’s probably the uh, food thing.”  Sam pointed out.
He chucked the napkins into the trash, and stared his reflection down for a few minutes.  The awful way his eyes just gave everything away.  There was too much heart in his eyes, especially with how dead his body seemed to appear.
Jack found himself standing by the single mirror.  The words seemed to fall through his mind.  He had never seemed to care about his body, but now, suddenly, it mattered.  He pinched, poked, and prodded at parts that could change.
Through Dean’s frustrated grunts, as he searched desperately for an extension cord, Cas kept finding different holiday songs to listen to, trying to find a good one - much to the annoyance of Dean.
The way it happened.
Jack's habits start causing concern
“What did he say?”  Cas asked.
He was quiet.  Very quiet, hoping the beast wouldn’t be able to find him in the dark.  His heart was the one thing he could hear - thumping.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack opened his eyes - finally, as the conversation died down.  He was staring at the awful white walls.  He stretched his arms up - trying to move his body, even just a bit.  They were blocked by some thin tube which had been shoved into one of the veins in his arms.
But Jack couldn’t eat, no, he couldn’t gain weight back.  He was finally happy with himself.  He could finally look in the mirror and not completely hate himself.  He didn’t like himself, but there wasn’t burning rage in him.
“Cas, do you know any of this?”  Jack asked, as Cas was the only one in the room.  Sam was probably either making food, or just doing some research - Dean was Dean, and Jack knew that he was just doing Dean things.  He was already told that Dean would be of no help anyway.
“You don’t want to stop, do you?”  She asked.  Jack shook his head.  He had his knees pulled to his chest by now; while his hands fidgeted with the baggy jeans.
Holidays pt 3 cuz it's a thing
He didn’t want to not eat - he just couldn’t find the motivation to eat.  It was a stupid thing really.
“Why does everyone ask me that?”  Jack asked.
“We can ask him again, when he’s back?”  Cas suggested, but Dean shook his head.
“Wait, you’re telling me Jack’s doing this?”  Dean asked again - his “worried mom” voice starting to show.
“Yeah, that’s it.  I promise I’ll try to eat.”  Jack said, making a completely empty promise.  He just needed Dean off of his back.
It took sometime, and while Jack was working on the final few problems, Sam was going through his bag, and found the mostly full bag of food.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack was hungry for the rest of the day - but it was better than whatever the hell Sam had concocted.
Dean moved on to adding some cheap ornaments to the branches.
The whole thing was a ritual now. He had to pee before weighing himself.  It gave him the most accurate reading.
Jack walked into the kitchen to make the same bowl of cereal - measured and completely familiar.
Cas was the one who would help him through the homework.  Jack didn’t like the math part of it.  He didn’t understand why he needed to square A and B to get C, but then still had to take the root of that.  It just frustrated him.  He liked English much more.  He got to read this play on a king named Lear.  He was corrupt, just like Lucifer had been.  Jack liked the parallels between the two, which made English his favorite class.  He also was on pretty good terms with the teacher as well.
Silence was the main sound on the way through the city, and while Sam questioned bars and other forms of nightlife - Jack just sat in the car, trying not to fall asleep.
He was the most powerful being on the planet, and running was what exhausted him.
I totally had a different story laid out, but stuff happens
He couldn’t stop, no, not now, he was so close.
Jack was scouring the menu for anything, but it was already too late for him to consume anything.  The feeling of food in his stomach before sleeping, it was awful.
“A minor setback, that’s all.”  He said, keeping the whole truth a secret.
He was pushed back into reality by a loud honk.
Jack just went quiet.
“Oh, so Hell wasn’t traumatic?  Being possessed by Lucifer? The Leviathans?  Metatron?  Chuck?”  Dean said, angrily.
and writer's block
Jack ended up eating a sandwich before six, just to keep everyone off of his back.
It seemed either no one would talk about it, or there’d be some argument in the car later on.  It was just the way it all seemed to work.
The painful moments, when he’d wake at 2 am, ravenous, yet food was not an option - that was the awful part.
“Yeah, not like it matters.”  Jack muttered.
It was awkward.  Having everyone in the bunker know was awkward, but it wasn’t awful.  They didn’t really force him to eat, but they definitely guilt tripped him quite a bit - which was annoying.  He was still reluctant to eat - it wasn’t like some magical cure to have the world know about his disorder - no, it just meant that now he had a large sign on his back that just said “SICK”.
Talk-about-your-feelings-car-therapy-Sam.
He locked eyes with Dean before passing out onto the marble floor.
“I don’t want to talk.”  Jack said.  His throat dry, and his white knuckles brushed with red marks - exactly where his teeth tend to scrape.
Once Sam had finished in the kitchen, he walked out to take Jack to school, as Dean usually slept until noon, which Sam usually showed his dismay towards.
“You awake, Jack?”  Sam asked.  Jack found himself pulling his shoulders close.
“For what?  Killing himself?”  Dean said, on a whim.
He pulled the scale from behind the chair, and stepped on it.
“I was going to eat it, promise.  With breakfast.”  Jack said, and Sam tossed him another breakfast sandwich.
“Purging?”  Cas cut her off.
“Don’t fall asleep yet, we’re still getting food.”  Dean said, and Jack slowly pushed himself off of the bed.  Standing up almost had him on the floor again, as his knees buckled.  He caught his balance, only after catching Sam’s jacket.
“Yeah, and it’s kind of concerning.”  Dean pointed out, trying to keep his usual tone of sarcasm in his voice.  Jack found himself sitting in the small chair, across from his bed.
He snuck out of the room, acid already seemingly brushing the tip of his taste buds.
Still not satisfied, he put the scale away, and just went straight to the food.  It was all he was thinking about.  The pain was an aside, nothing but hunger brought him in, towards himself.  He just seemed to eat.
* * *
"No-one deserves violence, Dean."
Admittedly not
than I am," Cas replied, sounding amused.  "And he was... very good-looking."
"Yeah, thanks, Cas," Dean said hoarsely, swatting away the hand that was still slapping his back.
Castiel's brow furrowed as he considered it.  Dean had done enough for him, but accepting
When Cas got home, Dean wasn't in the living room.  Or the kitchen.  Or the bathroom.  With a sigh, he marched into their bedroom and yanked the curtains apart, causing the rings to rattle against the rail.
to be hypnotised for this to work."
"Are you okay?"
Dean bristled.  "I don't need to pay for sex!" he growled, warmth spreading across the back of his neck as he wondered what Sam would say about his recent lack of female companionship.
"I want to blow you," Cas stated, a hand on each of Dean's knees.
Dean shifted from one foot to the other. "I need some advice."
Cas made a vague noise as he took another mouthful of stew.  He knew Dean was talking sense, but he didn't want to spend another day lounging around on the couch.  "I'll go to bed early tonight, and see how I feel in the morning," he said, even though he'd already decided that, providing he wasn't sick again through the night, he was going back to work.
to Dean.  He chuckled to himself and shook his head.  How had he not seen it at the time?
"No."
"Go to bed!" Castiel instructed him.
"Vet?" Dean echoed, sudden visions of extra bills piling into their mailbox.
Life was so strange, without the constant blaring of shotguns, the yellow eyes, being thrown against the walls.  Jack hadn’t used his powers for much at all, just to win a few games of Monopoly.  It was all-too-bittersweet.
Santa kissed him back, but the beard was irritating and Dean decided that he hoped Cas
A muscle in Dean's jaw twitched irritably.  He wished they'd all just leave them alone and let them have lunch.
under the 'cons'.  Reading what he'd written, he nodded to himself.  Then he scored out
"Cas."
"Well, I was..."  Castiel trailed off and clenched his jaw at the realisation that Dean wanted to keep their relationship
"Who's Dean?"
"Yes."
."  Cas almost growled the man's name in his frustration. It was upsetting to him when people couldn’t see their self-worth.  "Tracey is a lucky woman."
When Dean looked at him, the light in his eyes had been rekindled.  "Ben?  He's awesome.  You'll love him, Cas, I just know it.  He's a great kid - likes classic rock,
"Yes," Castiel answered truthfully.
you like it when we, um, rub together," he said, stroking Dean's hard length as he spoke, "so it's not like either of us are going to be left unsatisfied if you don't enjoy
"I'm getting my life back together... or
"I'm allergic to cats," Dean reminded Cas.
"I think Cas is right," Andy said, handing him a can of oil.  "We need to dirty you up a little."
"I asked if you knew her.  Pamela."
Sam had sounded when Dean had told him that he and Cas wanted to do the whole Christmas thing.
Cas stared at him for a long moment, trying to judge whether it was best to respond to the question or let it slide.  "You know you do," he settled for eventually, with a smirk.
She shook her head.  "I can't believe I ever had a thing for you," she said, reaching for a glass and pouring him a beer.
"One meat feat for me, and one Hawaiian for you, plus a side of garlic bread."
Dean was no longer looking at him, though - his gaze had fallen to his drink.  His heart sunk into the pit of his stomach as he realised that Dean had backed himself into a corner with only one way out - to
"Like..?"
"Are we supposed to buy all of this stuff?" he asked, unable to take it all in.
"Yes," Cas agreed calmly.
like that."
"No, you were
He left Castiel washing up and went to freshen up.  Once he'd brushed his teeth and scrubbed the last of the grease and oil out from under his fingernails, he changed into a snug black v-neck t-shirt and a dark red shirt.  He was still rolling the sleeves up when he came to an abrupt halt just inside the living room door.
Charlie looked him over thoughtfully.  "I know we don't really know each other all that well yet, so tell me to shut up if I'm sticking my nose in where it doesn't belong, but... what exactly happened to you?  If you don't mind me asking?"
"He lives outside of town because he likes the quiet," Cas revealed.  "He keeps bees."
"Okay, okay," Dean said, settling back in his seat.  "I didn't mean to be pushy, I was just curious.  I mean, you usually tell me about your day, and I don't remember the last time you said you'd gone to the library."
"Dean," Bobby started, "I gave you a job because I knew your situation and I went out on a limb – I trusted you. Most people wouldn't have."
This chapter is being published unbeta'd, so I hope I haven't missed any glaringly obvious typos!
"Stop!"
"To the garage."
"But I haven't showered, or cleaned my teeth, or—"  But his protests were cut off with a surprised exclamation as Dean grabbed his arm and yanked him down.  "Okay!" he laughed.
"Thank you," he said, and they fell back into an uneasy silence.
"Dean, we have discussed this," Castiel protested, looking up at him. "I will not let you waste your brother's money on me."
Castiel refused to look at him.
Dean sat and watched Castiel finish his lunch – which wasn't weird or anything – and when he was done he reached for Castiel's plate.
priest - he hadn't taken his vows, yet."
What the hell?  Dean wasn't homophobic!  He supported Cas, he'd taken the guy to a damn gay bar...  Hell, he was fucking
Dad, he'd been a shitty excuse for a parent these past few years.  "I should have
mention...
"Seriously?"
," Cas continued.  "I can feel it between us, and I'm sure you can, too."
"Oh," Castiel said.  A second later he asked, "May I join you?"
"Dean, it's cold!" Castiel hissed.
"I know you said that you spent yesterday walking around, though, so if there's something else you want to do, then just say."
"'It'?" Balthazar echoed.
"Are you going to be long?" Dean asked, walking in.  "I need to take a leak."
, so you can't disappoint me."
She pulled away then, to his surprise, punched him in the arm.  "You should have told us!"
.  "Nothing."
annoyed!"
going to encourage Dean's bad habits.  He would support him, yes.  Hold his head over the toilet.  But he wouldn't let his world shrink down to alcohol, sex, and sleep, as it had in the past.
One paw reached out in Dean's direction, almost like a plea for help.
As Dean shoved another forkful of food in his mouth, Castiel's admiring gaze fell on his lips.  He knew what they felt like against his own, but he found himself wondering what they might feel like on other areas of his body; his chest, his stomach, the inside of his thighs...  He glanced away and shifted slightly as his internal thoughts threatened to manifest themselves in
"That'd be it," Benny grinned.
"Aren't you just doing the same thing, though?"
means" Dean told her through gritted teeth, aware of Cas's eyes burning a hole in the back of his head.
The memory of Castiel's hand on his arm seemed to squeeze tighter and, when he glanced down to prove to himself that he was imagining the touch, he was surprised to see his own hand clenching his arm.
"Dean's coming."
was objectifying
Once the vegetables were sitting in the cart, however, Castiel looked doubtfully at them.  "That doesn't seem like a lot."
After dinner, Dean's good mood continued.  Cas was moving in.
When Cas swallowed and mumbled, Dean realised he was awake and shook his shoulder slightly until Cas sat up.  "We're here."
"I didn't say that," Castiel smirked, taking a swig from his can.
"Oh."  Castiel swallowed.  "No."
good!"
Castiel opened and closed his mouth.  "
Castiel nodded.
you to be miserable?"
"You asked him out!  Did you ask him out?"
you've developed this mindset, Dean," she told him softly.  "And I believe the answer could lie with your parents."
that he is
"Ah-CHOO!"
Dean cast a look over at Ellen who had appeared from the back and was frowning at him. "I think so," he admitted.
Castiel put his cutlery down and clasped his hands together.  "She wants me to un-forgive my father," he said after a moment.
"Dude, you'd better not be laughing at me or so help me I'll--"
"No."
Dean hesitated.  The Father's logic made sense.  What was it Bobby had said?  Something about Cas going somewhere when he was hurting?  "Have you got a number for that shrink he was talking to?"
"No.  I thought we could get the bus together."
"Well you shout if you change your mind, but keep your ass on that side of the bar!"
Cas shook his head.  "Don't say that."
"I...  What?" he asked weakly.
"You do," Cas agreed, though he believed there were no cruel intentions on their friends' parts.  However he was glad Dean was starting to see himself the way he saw him, and he hoped it was a sign that things were finally looking up for them both.
"Loudly," Ben told him.  "You and Mom used to do that, and then you left."  He looked at Cas, and then back at Dean.  "Cas isn't going to leave you, is he?"
"Shit, sorry!" Balthazar laughed.  "I forgot this was your bed now."
"I'll be five minutes!" he shouted back.
"What do you want, Dean?" she asked tiredly.
Castiel dug his hand into the bowl of mashed potatoes and leaned across the table, splatting it in Dean's face.  His eyes widened as he realised what he'd done, and then he laughed.
, Dean!  Jeez, who stole your sense of humour?  So what can I get you?"
you!"
* * *
* * *
," Dean corrected, then leaned in to whisper in his ear.  "I'd
Footsteps could be heard coming closer and Andy snickered.
"Not in the way that matters."
Cas stepped closer and melted into his embrace.
"For who?"
"Somewhere that I'm not going to get hounded by people who think they know me!" he yelled, cutting Jo off before turning on his heel and storming out.
Eventually he looked up from the spot on the floor at which he'd been staring, and asked, "So what's the last thing you wrote?"
"Come on. I'll run you a warm bath. Don't want you getting hypothermia."
Dean took it and looked at it disbelievingly.  Sam had definitely said no, and there had very definitely been next to nothing in his account the other day.
Ellen heaved a great sigh.  "Look, as much as I am grateful for you keeping me in business, I am
"But you have to
"Only the morning," Cas told her.  "Would you like to join us for lunch?"
"So, what?  You're not even going to listen to my side of it?"
"I thought you two might have had plans yesterday," he said, looking from Cas to Dean.
Dean snorted.  "So you're my lawyer, now?  I can't afford to keep you on a retainer.  But what will Jess say?"
beer.
The two laughed at him, and he pretended to huff.  It was nice to see Dean and Ben having fun together - even if it was at his expense.
"It fits," Castiel informed him while filling in the boxes.
"No!  No, don't do that.  I'll still be here tomorrow!  You go – have fun!" Dean smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes.
"The way you accept the things I hate most about myself, the worst parts of me, and make me see that they're not all bad.  There were so many times I couldn't believe you'd
"Oh yes," Castiel said.  "I'm not entirely sure the play wasn't
"I didn't mean—  You can finish the episode."
He choked on tears and covered his hand with his mouth, then two arms were snaking around his waist.  Cas was hugging him, face pressed against his back.
"And how is my newest recruit getting on?"
"Thank you," he said quietly.
"The night I was born," he stated.
"I'm sorry," he whispered.
But if he wanted to pursue a future with Cas - which he was pretty sure he did, even if it freaked him out a little - he'd need to commit to Pamela's sessions this time around.  Besides, if it had worked for Castiel then it could work for him, right?  As long as he didn't back out.  Especially as, if he didn't confront whatever was lurking in the recess of his mind, he would inevitably hurt Cas in the long run.  He'd messed Cas around enough these past few weeks.  Dean needed to man the fuck up and grab his fear by the balls.
with my boyfriend?" Cas snapped.  "I haven't wanted to go out with Balthazar in case
"Well, yeah, but..."
As Cas slid a mug into his hand a moment later, Dean wondered - not for the first time - how the hell he'd gotten so lucky with Cas.  When he vocalised his thought, however, Cas just shook his head.
"Morning," Dean grinned against his skin.
"Alright.  Well, if my ageing ass isn't doing it for you, I'm gonna get cleaned up," Dean said, when Cas finally fell silent.
friends.  Should I therefore assume that
Dry-mouthed, Castiel stepped out of the car and surveyed the damage.  Only one pane was broken, and when he stepped into the office he could see that the glass had been swept up.
Castiel shrugged as he moved to the fridge.  "Bacon?  Pancakes?" he asked, eyeing the available ingredients.
Finally, Castiel filled the bottle with water.
In the back seat, Castiel frowned.  He knew Dean believed there was a chance - though unlikely - that Ben could be his, and he hoped that his comment hadn't been meant as self-deprecating.  Dean wasn't dumb, and Cas only wished that he could see how smart he was.
, but he didn't.
into my apartment?" he growled.
"I thought you might be a little apprehensive.  I must say, I'm surprised to see you," Pamela told him.  "Take a seat."
"No."
Dean bit his lower lip almost as hard, terrified they'd wake Claire, as he wasn't the quietest person when having sex.
* * *
"I'd feel happier if he'd walk with us," Dean grumbled.
"Charlie needs to keep her damn mouth shut," Dean growled.  Almost immediately he asked, "What else did she say?"
Cas jumped in surprise, not having noticed Father Reynolds appear beside him.  "Tell him?"
to...
He knew what Cas was
"It's okay, Dean," Cas said, stroking his face.
"Because it's stupid.  Why are you asking?"
care."
"Dean?  Did you hear me?"
Her words slowly caught up with his brain and his stomach sank.
"Come on, Cas!"
.  He didn't know
"Then where the hell are you going?"
* * *
was enough to rip his heart into shreds because he knew it would never happen, but it didn't stop him from wishing for it.
"So why the strained relationship?" she asked.
"Not me."
"You told him you were in love with someone else?"
"So you work for Bobby Singer?"
Dean hummed in agreement, his face glazing over as his mind focused on something elsewhere.
agreed would be a good idea?  You pay me to do a job, so let me do it
Sam had always told him he was as stubborn as an ass and, as he decided to buy it solely so that they were each getting something the other didn't like, he admitted to himself that there might be some truth in the comparison.
"You don't sound sure," Sam prompted.
"Get them both," Dean said decisively, tossing squeezy bottles of sour cream and salsa into the cart.
cracked through the air, and it took Dean a second to register them as gunshots.  His eyes widened, and he threw himself down behind the nearest car as he yelled Bobby's name.
"It's busy tonight," he commented, not expecting an answer.
He thought back to the Castiel who had first moved in with him - helpless and lost, afraid to be himself, feeling like he didn't have a place in the world...  It was a far cry from the Cas who was now lying on his stomach while the cat licked his hair.
"You owe me a lot more than that, Dean," Sam said, and hung up.
They ate in the living room, watching a rerun of
"Pizza?" Dean asked as he drove out of the parking lot.
"It's not like I went
"Just checkin' in.  Hope you're okay."  Dean sounded miserable.
"No, I'm not going to see him again.  I barely got to know his name."  Castiel finished his cooling coffee in three mouthfuls.  "There's no need to worry Dean, you're still the number one man in my life," he said, forcing himself to sound like he was joking.
"What did he say?" Pamela asked softly.
Pamela was silent for a long moment as she processed what he was telling her.  "That's a very intelligent observation," she said eventually, impressed.
" Castiel repeated in shock.  "I don't understand how you can say that, after all you've done for me.  Do you think that Sa..." Castiel trailed off before he could finish.
Meg sighed.  "I mean
"I don't know," Castiel said quietly.  "I don't know them."
Cas smiled.  It was in moments like this he could truly see a resemblance between Ben and Dean, but was it nature or nurture?
Castiel's frown deepened, but he settled back to watch as Dean undressed in front of him.  Dean didn't know whether that made it easier or harder.  Dean had stripped for him in the past, and Cas loved watching him dance.  Loved the way he moved.  Loved watching him writhing on the sheets.  Dean's hands fumbled with a button, struggling to get it through its hole as nerves threatened to get the better of him.
"Was I supposed to?"
that he'd given up everything and gotten nothing in return.  "Don't talk to me about growing up!"  Sam had the job, and the house, and the girl, while Dean had a borderline drinking problem a shitty little apartment that wasn't big enough for two.
"Nonsense, it's a great idea.  That poor boy deserves someone good in his life."
Castiel grabbed the new shirt directly from Dean's hands and turned his back on Dean.
a computer?"  Castiel wanted to tear his hair out.  "Where?!"
Castiel nodded.  "I just don't want you to think I'm taking everything you've done for me for granted."
"I hope so."
When Dean walked into the living room the next morning he froze in the doorway – Castiel was on his knees, hands clasped and eyes shut, mouth moving in words too quiet for him to hear. When Castiel was finished he opened his eyes, and looked at Dean.
.  It was easier for Cas to open up than it was for him, but he'd been
* * *
"Oh.  Yes.  Um, it's this way."
Bobby took the hint.  "Yeah, and I've got cars to fix.  Damn idjit," he muttered on the way out.
then he should have faith in
"That's cheating," Dean teased, moving to sit beside him.
, Sam," Dean said, glancing over his shoulder.  "The kid who killed our mother."  He turned on Jack.  "You said you wanted to make it up to me?
"So much for breakfast," Dean joked as he snuggled up against Cas.
," he finished, his tone like iron.
"How did you sleep?" Cas asked him.
Cas's hard expression softened slightly.  "Yes, please.  Some coffee would be nice.  It's freezing in here."
go?" Cas pointed out.
"Then we'll make sure that every child gets a bow," he promised.
"I think I'm probably gonna just like down for a bit," he said, moving to stand.
Castiel's eyebrows rose in surprise, and he straightened in his seat.
"Yes."
"I'm sure you'll manage just fine," Castiel choked out, trying not to entertain the notion of Dean spending the night in his bed.
"I guess I...  I don't know," Dean sighed, wringing his hands.
"There's nothing wrong with me.  There's nothing wrong with me.  There's nothing wrong with me," he muttered to himself like a mantra as he got out of bed.
"What – never?"
.  "Oh, Dean, they're beautiful!" he exclaimed.  "Thank you!"  He kissed Dean briefly on the jaw, then again on his lips.  Suddenly his face fell.  "I didn't get anything for you.  I mean, I
"Well, that's not really its name.  It's more of a nickname, 'cause this is where all the gays hang out."
from Sam."
Cas shook his head.  "No.  Actually, yes.  Once, with Dean."  He blushed as he remembered they'd ended up making out until Dean had needed to back off.
"What are you talking about?  I'm here now!"  He'd
"Tyres," Dean reminded him tightly.
"I'll make burgers.  You love burgers."
The glass in her hand fell to the floor, but she seemed not to notice as it smashed at her feet.  "What?"
Dean and Sam shot each other knowing glances. It wasn't Castiel's fault that he didn't know Sam gave him some gas every Christmas and birthday, along with something else. He now turned to that something else, which turned out to be a new AC/DC t-shirt.
"If you want an early night you can take my bed, and I'll sleep out here."
"I couldn't sleep.  Got up to ask for a drink of water."  He could still see her in his mind after all these years, as clear as if she was standing right in front of him now.  "She was in Sam's room," he continued, his voice cracking.  "There was this guy, and he... he...  There was blood all
"What?  No!"
"I don't think so."
- are ready for it."
"Now?"
As the weeks passed Castiel was finally feeling like he was beginning to make some progress with the paperwork, and he put some of the money Bobby had paid him towards a cell phone – just a basic one that allowed for phone calls and text messages, for he didn't need anything fancy – but it meant that he could contact Dean in an emergency if he went out.  And he did start going out more – usually with Dean, but some nights he ventured out on his own.  And having a phone meant that he was able to keep in touch with anyone he met, so after he bumped into Balthazar one night (literally – his drink had ended up all down his shirt) and they got talking and hit it off, he was able to arrange to meet up with him again.
cared;
Ben's getting along with your boyfriend."
long, but..."
Cas's shoulders sagged.  He knew, then, that he'd do anything Dean asked.  Was the ability to love really a strength, when it made him so weak?  "I miss you, too."
?" Dean asked, once his breathing was under control again.
Castiel frowned.
"That'll be thirty-two dollars and forty-seven cents," she told him cheerily.
"Come on, Cas," he laughed.  "What was the point in coming if you weren't going to swim?"
"This is
you to develop feelings for me - it happened naturally.  I just asked that you decided whether or not you wanted to
They both stood in silence for a moment, Dean unsure of what to say next.
Ben said nothing and started drying, but at least he was smiling now.  They worked in silence, and were done in a matter of minutes.
"I thought you didn't like sports?" Dean teased.
"Whatever.  So it was a good day?"
Cas was very clearly trying to keep his feelings under control.  "That was
Cas slid the sports page over to him as he lowered his gaze back to the rest of the paper.
"Would you...  I mean, how would you feel, about—"
"Hmm."
"You'll see.  Now get a move on.  I thought you were supposed to be an early bird?" Dean teased.
* * *
"She won't answer if you don't dial the number," Cas told Dean, running his fingers through the shorter hairs at the back of his neck.
"Still, I am uncomfortable with the idea of women being treated as objects for sexual gratification rather than as people."
Opening and closing cupboard doors, he tried to find everything he might need to make himself breakfast.  He put two slices of bread in the toaster, then turned to the coffee pot.  It was different from Dean's - more complicated with a lot more buttons - but after pushing several it finally whirred into life with a
As they walked along, he snapped pictures of the zebras, making sure to capture the young foal lying in the shadow of the tree.
"What?"
Castiel shot him a disapproving look.  "Sit," he instructed.
.  Whatever that meant.
The elephants, unfortunately, weren't co-operative when it came to taking their photo.  One of them even sprayed water in Castiel's direction, much to Dean's amusement.  He jumped back instinctively, even though the water landed several feet away, and pouted as he dried his camera with the sleeve of his jacket.
Castiel glared at him.  "Take it!" he insisted, thrusting the money at Dean.
"I had to park it 'round the corner.  Some asshole in a Buick was taking up two spaces."
Cas looked thoughtful.  "Well, he
"No, I don't.  I want to watch you cook."
...  He moved Dean's mail closer to him, then set about opening his own.  The first was, not unexpectedly, a rejection letter to his application for the Gas-N-Sip post.  He allowed himself a moment of disappointment, but refused to be discouraged.  His lack of qualifications was irrelevant to that position, but he'd understood his lack of experience would be an issue.  The second he had to read twice before the words sunk in, then a huge grin spread across his face.
A bitter feeling of jealousy mixed with longing reared its ugly head in Castiel, and he pushed his half-eaten lunch to the side.
you either."
And so he waited.
"I want you," he murmured, before kissing him passionately.
Time seemed to drag on forever as he waited for Father Reynolds to return.  While he waited, he cast a glance up at the crucified Jesus hanging above the altar.  "I don't even know if you're real, but I could use a little help here."
"I suppose you're right," Dean agreed, nodding his thanks to Ellen and picking up their glasses.  "Come on."  He slid into the chair between Bobby and Benny, deliberately ignoring the surprised looks on their faces.
They got ready to leave in silence, but just as they were about to walk out the door Dean stopped Cas with a hand on his shoulder.  "Sorry for being such a misery guts today."
a family.  It's not something I thought I'd have."
of the strange man standing before him.
"I suppose so.  I'm sorry I'm such a shit friend, Cas."
just had their first healthy, supportive conversation for the first time in years, Dean allowed himself a smile.  He'd begun to think that repairing his relationship with his brother was impossible, but it seemed that there was hope for them yet.
Castiel's tongue darted out, wetting his lips.  "Yes," he admitted quietly.  Then, as a gesture of peace, he added, "It looked like you had more pros than cons."
"Oh," Castiel breathed, as he realised what a complete idiot he'd just been, jumping to conclusions about the man who'd been nothing but kind to him. "I'm so sorry, Dean, I didn't mean to be rude, I just—"
Glancing at his watch, he realised it was time for him to leave if he wanted to meet Dean at home for lunch.  He gathered his things together and hurried out, giving his thanks to the librarian as he left.
"Took them long enough."
"You're not fat.  Here," Cas said softly, pulling him away from the mirror and handing him the one-piece hat and beard.  "Now the presents are in that bag, and they're all labelled."
"But I don't shit on the kitchen floor," Dean pointed out.
* * *
"Gabriel," a tall man with long hair greeted him with a grin.  "I think you dropped something."
Smiling, Cas dropped his head onto Dean's shoulder.
Dean faltered.  "What?"
"That's
"I'm starving," the man said, moving towards the cooker.  He lifted the lid off the sauce and sniffed forcefully.
"No shit.  But this is boring, and pointless, and it's driving me crazy."
Pamela nodded.  "Until the next session, I want you to hold people accountable for whatever way they make you feel.  This is the first step in getting rid of your misplaced guilt, and the first step in moving on."
, Dean.  Don't shut out the best one you could pray for."
"That's good.  It sounds like there's been a definite improvement in your life."
Dean laughed.
"Dean doesn't know you called me, does he?"
"I'm seeing someone," Dean told her apologetically, somehow feeling the need to explain.  He felt a little guilty, wondering if he'd misled her.
Castiel looked at him.
Castiel frowned. "No."
It wasn't enough.  Reason gave way to want and Castiel greedily chased Dean's mouth, his hand coming up to cup his cheek.  His head was spinning, too focused on the feeling of Dean's lips on his, Dean's hands gripping his thighs, to pay attention to the way their teeth knocked together or the slight taste of blood from Dean's bottom lip.
.  "You need a haircut," he commented, changing the subject.  He playfully ruffled Cas's hair as he moved past him to grab the orange juice from the fridge.
Castiel shook his head. "Right now, all I want to do is sleep."
* * *
him?" Dean exclaimed, straightening up in his seat.
Dean did so with a chuckle as he settled down for the night.
.  The fact that Dean didn't appear to have been with any women recently was irrelevant.
Pamela quirked a knowing eyebrow.
Dean groaned.  Gordon Walker was an asshole who loved to piss Dean off.  "There was nothing wrong with her last week when he'd brought her in.  "Can't one of the other guys take it?"
need the money."
"Balthazar?"
Dean ignored him.  "If you're going to get eaten by an animal, make it a lion or a tiger.  Something cool."
As Andy walked back over to the workshop, Castiel lightly sniffed the bucket of water he'd been using.  It smelled faintly of soap.  Surely there had to be something stronger that could rid the garage of the graffiti?
Dean's gaze hardened.  "Maybe I should have.  Now do I have to get my own fucking beer?"
“We’ll drop our stuff off, get food, and figure out where to go from there.”  Dean stated, and Jack slowly opened the side door.  He felt the absolute frigid air sting his cheeks.
Jack stopped when he saw what was on the table.  Dean just felt his stomach drop.  He looked at Cas and Sam with a worried look.
Those were risky, and when he had a chance, Jack walked into the kitchen, the disgusting globs of food in his hoodie pocket.
He wanted so often to just chuck them into walls, but he didn’t.  He took the insults, and he basically just let them swallow him.
“It will kill you.”  She said, calmly.
Not like it ever did.
“I didn’t want to worry you.”  Jack said.  He could feel heat in the room, along with his own slow heartbeat pulsing in his ears.
Jack wanted nothing more than to escape to his room.  Dean told him that it was just a few friends, but it seemed everyone they knew was here - which seemed ridiculous.
There was some girl, who he remembered from his PE class.  She had brown hair, and striking eyes.
Pain, there was a lot of - as well as the burning.  Sometimes it just burned, and sometimes the food itself caused his teeth to hurt.  He was a nightmare, breaking apart at every seam, as if it had already broken once, repaired, and broken again.
The beginnings
112.2.
Biology wasn’t fun either, because they never said anything about Nephilim, just humans.  Jack felt even more out of place, and sometimes he would ask almost suspicious questions.
“Hey, you’re awake,”  Dean said, relief in his voice.  Jack looked up.  He couldn’t quite say anything about the conversation from earlier - as much as he wanted to.  “How you feelin?”  Dean asked.
He quickly shoved himself into the car - shoulders forward.  It was obvious that he was on the verge of melting.  Dean noticed.
“What’s going on?  You’re obviously not ok.”  Sam asked.  Jack just found his gaze at the floor.  He couldn’t seem to get words out of his mouth.  He couldn’t really find breath either, as panic set in.
woah we doin this
“How was the last day?”  Dean asked.  Jack slumped in the seat.
It was amusing to Jack; watching Sam get irritated enough to actually listen to Dean’s music.
Pt 2 of the holidays
“Fine...but why’d you tuck me in?  I’m not a child.”  Jack asked.  Cas just shrugged.
“Yeah, totally,”  Dean said, sarcastically.  “Who’ve you met so far?”
“I wanted it to stop.  They were just being mean.”  Jack explained.  His sentences short.  Dean felt his own shoulders drop.  He knew of all these stories.  How they had basically tortured him.
Dean was honestly a little scared of his own ability to hide, knowing where it could lead to.
“There’s a case about three hours from here, some vengeful spirit.  I say we head out tomorrow.”  Dean stated, as Jack put a single slice on his plate, and kept blotting the cheese, to drain the oil.  The calories probably didn’t matter too much, but it was just a precaution.
“Oh really.  That’s new.”  Claire remarked.  Jack just awkwardly nodded.
“You need a shower.”  Dean said, jokingly.
“Food’s in the fridge if you’re hungry.”  Sam told him, and Jack couldn’t figure out if Sam was about to stay - watching, or if he was on his own to put some crumbs on a plate and pretend it was breakfast.
They agreed on some animated movie about dogs, which had a title that intrigued Jack.  All Dogs go to Heaven.  He sort of laughed, and confirmed that yes, they do.  Jack noticed the hunger, as the movie started.  It wasn’t awful, but it didn’t feel great either, as there was a bit of pain involved.
He was sneaky.  Every time he spit, he used a different reason.  Sneezing twice, and then just to get food off of his face.  Pizza wasn’t crazy hard to hide.  The last two were just when no one was watching.
“I- I haven’t heard of this.  Jack are you binging and purging?”  She asked.  Jack nodded, his head still down.
Jack was hungry.  It wasn’t exactly a normal hunger, no.  It was pretty ravenous, and almost terrifying.  He knew it would’ve happened, but not like this.
Noticeable on his body now - he noticed how thin he had become, but he couldn’t lie to himself.  He liked it - really.  It was the thing he was working for, and he had really surpassed his goal weight.  He didn’t even care when he had arrived there, no, he just had to keep going.
“I guess they tire too.  I don’t know, we’ve never really seen a Nephilim in his position.”  Cas said, still devoid of emotion.
Crowley noticed the discomfort that had come over Jack, and gave the others a glare.
He didn’t want to be like this, but now he couldn’t stop - even if he wanted to.
“There’s an old warehouse on the outskirts of the town.  The only one, which is really the only place they could be.”  Sam stated, as the car started again.  Jack ended up falling asleep on the way back for a few minutes.
“I don’t know.  Sam just also asked the same question.”  Jack stated, blatantly.  Dean just noticed Sam in the same room, in the corner.
He was hungry, yes, and that was valid, as four months was quite a bit of time to be stuck underground.
“Yes.  Nephilim heal quite a bit faster than humans.”  Jack pointed out.
things happened
There were footsteps by his corner in the library, and he looked up.  Sam was standing beside him.
More silence.
“Then no, it’s completely fine.”  Dean said, but Jack noticed the slightest hint of concern in his voice - which wasn’t something Dean liked to show.
“Just put it by the sink.”  Sam said, and Jack gently placed it before slinking back towards his room.
Jack isn't getting better
Hiding it wasn’t easy - especially with everyone in the bunker so much more alert to the absolute crap that he was doing.  It was all just frustrating - and Jack knew how easy it would be if he just didn’t have to do this - but no one was actually helping him, and this didn’t go away on its’ own.
He wasn’t obsessed with the scale, no, but it was there,  and it kept nagging him.  Literally every house in suburbia had one, which Dean never quite understood.
Jack doesn't quite understand what he's doing
“Now?  Well, if it had been six months ago we wouldn’t need to be here.”  Dean pointed out.
After Sam died, the first time; Dean found himself spiraling a bit more.  Before the crossroads deal, he ended up eating far too much, and with it came some awful guilt he had never felt before.  That night was the first time he ended up puking in one of the absolutely disgusting bathrooms in some dingy diner, before he basically sold his soul for his brother.
He watched a bit further, and noticed all the crap inaccuracies.  It was like the rest.  There was so much that never actually worked.  Jack just sat confused for a bit too long, which caught Claire’s eye.
Jack ended up on the scale anyway.
It was Claire who first talked to him - which was exciting.
Normal wasn’t in Jack’s vocabulary, as the son of Lucifer.  He knew he’d never be “normal” from the time he was born, but this was as normal as life could get.
“Oh yeah, totally understandable.  I think Jane was A on Red days - maybe find her tomorrow.”  Cole said, and the two walked out the door.
“Have the kids at school really stopped?”  Cas asked, curious, causing Jack’s eyes to widen, as if he was a deer in the headlights.  Jack got quiet for a second, as his heart beat faster.  He found his gaze falling to the floor.
A week passed.  A whole week of school.  The weekend was the most exciting part.  Jack had tried to introduce himself to the brown-haired-girl, and even tried to speak in class.  He wasn’t very well liked, no, the other kids thought he was weird - too weird.  Partly because they knew of the family he existed in.  The odd bunker with the three weird dads.  It also seemed to have no reason - they were preying on Jack’s innocence.
“Why don’t you like christmas, Sam?”  Jack finally asked, breaking the silence.  Sam shook his head.
“Oh, right.”  Claire said, and went back to her food.  Jack’s gaze shifted back to the floor, until a hand touched his shoulder.  He looked up to find Dean.
Cas laughed.  "I know what you mean.  For a time, I only ever saw Dean and didn't really leave his house all that much without him.  Working at the garage, I got out, I made friends.  It's one of the things that's really helped me get my life back on track.  It gave me a sense of purpose, and knowing I was doing a good job made me feel better about myself."
She nodded, accepting his statement.  "Sometimes the things you find yourself discussing will be painful, or stressful, or make you feel uncomfortable.  I feel you've been burying your head in the sand these past few sessions, but you're beginning to realise it isn't helping.  I need you to work with me and try to face things.  Do you think you can do that?"
"Aw, Dean, he just wants to play!"
Dean leaned back in his seat, casting a glance around the bar at the various groups of people laughing and joking.  He turned back to Bobby and picked at a score in the table.
Cas his gratitude.
Castiel softened.  "I was worried about you.  Yes, I'm mad, but most of all I'm relieved - relieved that you're
He found a doorway just as the rain really started to chuck down that, if he sat upright, would at least keep his head dry.  Again it wasn't comfortable - the concrete step a literal pain in the ass - but at least it was slightly dry.
"My parents were in a car accident when I was little," Charlie stated, her voice void of emotion.  "My dad died, my mom's... in a coma.  They didn't know, and I have no idea how they'd react if they were still here for me to come out to."
"I know you do."
Silently Dean walked past him and exchanged it for a socket wrench, playfully booping Cas on the nose with it in passing.
"But so help me, Dean, if I find out this is just some bullshit scam—"
"I know you do not agree with their religious beliefs, but please try to understand that it was
.  Are you okay with this?"
They tossed the ball back and forward a few more times, before a particularly strong throw from Ben sent it halfway across the pool.  Watching Dean swim after the ball, Ben tread water for a moment before paddling over to Cas.
"So, a new mattress, huh?"
Dean swallowed, his jaw trembling slightly as Pamela's words unknowingly hit too close to home.
"Bobby!" Dean exclaimed, flushing furiously.
company, he amended in his head when Chuck wound his way around his ankles.
"Yeah.  It is."
"Oh.  Okay.  Good."
have someone who could show him a good time.  Dean just kind of wished it could be him.  Guilt niggled at his conscious as he realised he found the fact that Balthazar was seeing someone
, Cas..."
* * *
Dean was in his bedroom less than a minute later.
truth, but it wasn't a
you," Dean said lightly, noticing the way Castiel's hand fell limp in his.
"I'm looking at
A muffled sob shook him out of his thoughts and he leaned closer to the door, listening.  Was Dean
Ben kept tapping away at his game.
Cas moved to look over his shoulder, but quickly aborted the movement when pain shot up his neck.  Slowly, he turned around.  "As nice as it was to wake up to this," he told Dean, cupping his face with his clean hand, "it's tempting to move back to the couch as it's
"Have you any idea how worried I was not knowing if you were going to make it through the night?" Dean shot back.
things with Cas?" she asked, once he lay down again.
"No surprise party, I hope?"
"What?" Dean couldn't believe someone's father could be so callous. "Cas, I'm sure your father loves you—"
"Dean," Ben said, breaking the silence as he hung the dish towel up to dry.
Dean stared at him with pursed lips, waiting for the punchline.
think?"
Cas wanted to ask how many 'a few' was, but he had a feeling it probably included Ellen and Jo, Ash, Bobby, and possibly Benny and Andy as well.  In fact, knowing Dean, he probably found a way to tell Balthazar even though he didn't like him.  If that turned out to be the case, he'd be very grateful.
told me that strong men don't need help.  Cas needed help.  Therefore, by your logic, he is weak."
"I was watching that," Cas said lightly.
"I don't even know what's in half these cupboards. Some of it's mine, some of it's..."
"Sometimes I'm okay with this.  But sometimes that feeling's there, and I'm..."  He swallowed, then moved to sit up so that he was looking at Cas.  "I'm sorry if it makes you feel like crap."
"Same."
"And I wanted stability.  But I really
There was a small, almost suffocating pause as Dean took another, smaller bite of his burger and chewed it slowly.  It was an uncomfortable silence and he didn't like it.  He swallowed.
"Maybe... you should talk to Pamela about this?" Cas asked hesitantly, a little unsure if he should be asking the question.
"You can't just go around hitting people, Dean!"
true.  Cas liked him.  So even if Cas
"He's got to have grown up a lot," Dean continued as if Cas had never interrupted.  "I don't know if he'll still be the same kid he was when Lisa left with him."
Castiel felt desire pooling in his gut as he was drawn to Jo's handsome friend.  He cleared his throat harshly, trying to remember that Dean was right next to him.  "It's nice to meet you both," he said politely.  "This is Dean."
," Dean said through gritted teeth  "Now can you
"What's an African antelope? Six letters."
"I much prefer it here than in the city," Castiel told him.
He barged in, belatedly checking that he hadn't smacked Chuck Norris with the door, then looked at Cas.  "What's wrong?"
Dean edged his chair closer to Cas.  They'd taken a look at them on the small camera screen before they'd returned it to the church but now, seeing Ben laughing and smiling on the much larger computer screen, Dean missed him even more.
"And they can give birth 10 days after being born themselves" Castiel continued reading aloud, ignoring him.
Dean frowned.  "I thought you said you didn't want sex?"
"I know."
They both fell silent as Dean wished he could use the 'b' word as freely as Lisa and Cas could.
"Just 'fine'?" Dean asked, studying Cas from across the table.
"Why not?"
A thick lump formed itself in Dean's throat, and though he wanted to tell Cas that he could have far better friends than Dean, he couldn't get the words out.
"Cas?"
Dean sighed.  Looked at Sam.  Ignored his brother's puppy-dog eyes.  Looked at Cas.  Took in the angel's hangdog expression.
Gently, with love, he cupped Castiel's face in his hands.  Stubble scratched lightly at his palms, and as he stroked his thumbs along his cheekbones Castiel's eyes fluttered shut.  Leaning down he pressed a soft kiss to each eyelid, tender and sweet.  The corners of Castiel's mouth turned up and his lips parted slightly.  Expectantly.  But Dean's lips fell on his forehead next, then his temples, then his nose.  Along the line of his jaw, ear to ear.  Castiel's mouth was open his, sucking in shallow, shaky breaths.  But still his eyes were closed.
“It's more likely a case of misremembering what happened."  She held up a hand as Dean opened his mouth.  "I think it's very unlikely that you created a new memory only to bury it.  Sometimes we bury a
"Oh, have you?" Cas asked her warily.
She smiled at him.  "Then might I suggest that instead of pressing charges against one another you all just walk away?"
and... and... and a little bit scary, if he was being honest.  But at the same time, when it was just the two of them, it was oddly freeing.  Like all the crap he carried didn't matter, because Cas knew and didn't hold it against him.  There was no-one else in their apartment so, before he could change his mind, he grabbed Cas's hand and gave it a squeeze.
Dean glared at him.
"Yeah," Dean laughed bitterly.  "I didn't know I was driving around with a busted tail light.  I had Sam high as a kite beside me on the way to the hospital when this cop pulled us over.  I think we're in the clear, then just as the cop's about to let us go he sees the packet of little white pills Sam's dropped on the floor."  Dean shook his head.  "I told you Sam was a lawyer, right?"
"Nah," she said, her nose wrinkling.  "The only person you'll be taking home tonight is Cas."
"Never mind Jess - it's my money.  And it's a
"So, what?  You're just... not into sex?  Like, at all?"
Grabbing Dean's legs, he tugged him forward until his ass was on the edge of the sofa, then tucked his fingers into the waistbands of his jeans and underwear and wrestled them down together until they were pooled around his ankles.
to stop and—"  He stopped and took a breath, realising how terrible that sounded.  "Fuck, I don't mean...  It's not you," he promised Cas, leaning in for another kiss.
Castiel ducked his head as he retrieved the bag of food.
The tone of Sam's voice changed.  "Is something wrong with my brother?"
Dean took the box and read the front.  "Whatever happened to good old-fashioned turkey and stuffing?  This looks and sounds like shit.  It's even got 'turd' in the name -
"It's no wonder he turned your head."
* * *
Cas became visibly upset, and seemed to curl in on himself.  Jo stepped around her mother and wrapped an arm around him, whispering something in his ear that seemed to reassure him slightly.
Dean hesitated, before pointing out, "He still wore his wedding band."
When they walked through the front door Cas went straight to the DVD shelf.
"I couldn't.  I needed to know you were going to be okay."
Dean laughed.  He'd been too busy freaking out about seeing Cas to think about food up until that point but, now that he thought about it, he was hungry too.
I want to say sometimes..."
Cas was still a clumsy kisser, but at the same time there was something almost sweet about the way he didn't care that he wasn't that great.  And the raw passion behind his lips, in those rare moments he didn't withhold his emotions for Dean's sake, held an intensity that even the most skilled kisser would find hard to match.
"Of course I
"Why didn't you say something, instead of letting me drag you around all morning?"
"He was so high on morphine he hit on
we do, I just want you
Pamela frowned.
This time when he walked into Pamela's, he walked up to the woman at the desk.  "Dean Winchester," he said blandly, no trace of the irritation he'd felt last time.
being with you."
Dean lunged at the stranger and shoved him backwards through the doors. Castiel followed, disoriented, just in time to see the stranger swing a punch at Dean's head.
"Yes.  No!"  Dean sighed.  "I just wish it wasn't there."
Dean almost choked on his food, eyes wide with surprise at Cas's actions.  "Did you just throw food at me?"
"Thank you, but I'm sure I won't need to."
"Yes, sir," Dean said, saluting him.
"Still or sparkling?  We can make it both ways."
"Cas, you didn't catch me about to jump off a bridge, or about to slit my wrists in the bathroom."
broke my heart - you put it back together and then you smashed it into pieces."
of me," Castiel pointed out.  He'd finally started allowing himself to think of what it might be like - to be
"Do you want to check the call log?" Dean asked defensively, projecting his frustration with Lisa onto Cas.
"Hey, you leave Baby out of this."
"It's going to be a feast fit for a king," Dean grinned, giving Ben a one-armed hug as they made their way to a cashier, Castiel following behind them pushing the cart.
"Just drive," Castiel replied mysteriously.  "I'll give you directions as we go."
"Okay."
..." he pointed out, attempting to ease Dean's disquiet.
Cas slipped his arms around Dean's waist - lower than he normally would have, his fingers skimming the curve of Dean's ass.  "You have a nice ass," he vocalised.
"I'm sorry." Castiel said after a moment.  "I'm just...  With Sam and everything, I wasn't trying to—"
"It's beautiful."
"Are you even listening to me?  Cas!"
can be enough for
He stared at her, knowing what she was asking.  A year ago, if she'd walked into The Roadhouse and asked if they could give their relationship another shot, he might have said yes.  At the very least, he'd have hooked up with her for old time's sake.  But now...  No matter how many regrets he had about the way they'd ended, what he had now was better than what he'd had then.
Dean was right.  He
the documentary."
"I said everyone leaves," he repeated, louder this time.  "My mum died, my dad was AWOL most of the time growing up, then
At that moment a drag queen wrapped a feather boa around his neck and kissed him on the cheek, before continuing down the sidewalk.
"Of all the times for you to pick up baseball terms..." Dean said, half-jokingly.    But he knew he was on thin ice with Cas.  When his stomach growled, Cas pulled away.
, though.  To just... wake up the next day, and move on."
"He has a…" Dean searched for a non-specific way of putting it.  "An appointment."
"See?"
Cas borrowed the remote to check how much longer was left.  "There's a sequel showing after -
"You and Cas."
"I'm guessing you're not talking about the one in Miami."
"Yes," Cas conceded, "but I still wish you'd told me the plan beforehand."
"He's managing fine," Cas said.  "Maybe you could pay attention to your own fingers?"
Dean looked at his watch, shocked to realise just how long he'd been staring at the other man before they'd started talking.  It had only felt like a couple of minutes!  He looked around the room for his brother.  "Where the hell'd he get to, anyway?  He was only going to register me at reception..."  Dean caught sight of him at the desk, grinning like a kid in a candy shop as he chatted to a pretty blonde nurse.  "Figures," he tutted.  "I hope your family saves you some dinner, though.  It'd suck if they ate everything before you got home."  Dean glanced around the waiting area.  "Didn't somebody come in with you?"
Castiel numbly placed the handset back in the cradle.  The sheriff had sounded cheerful, so perhaps there wasn't anything seriously wrong.  There was only one way to find out, however, so he picked up the phone again and called a cab.
"When I fell from the bridge the water kept pulling me under and I couldn't breathe."
"Let's do this."
Cas murmured an affirmative, and Dean didn't comment further.
"In my experience, I find that people who 'go missing' don't normally do so for no reason."
"Don't turn this into a chick flick moment," Dean warned him, slapping his hands on his thighs and rising to his feet.
"Only most nights." When Dean turned back to the toilet and started retching Castiel rubbed a soothing hand on his back. "Man, I feel hot."
Castiel shrugged.  "Not really."
"I know," Cas said, smiling as Dean took it from him.
He could swear he can
Dean opened and closed his mouth, seeming to agree with her statement.  "You want me to wait another two weeks to finish this?"
Castiel couldn't help but chuckle at how paranoid Dean sounded.  Cupping his face in his hands, he assured him, "I tell her the good things, too."
"He's a scruffy looking thing, isn't he?"
Castiel's brow furrowed in confusion as he took what his boss was holding out to him.  Then he realised what it was.  Unable to stop the smile that spread across his face, he nodded.  "Of course."
"I'd like it if the three of us went
"I'm fine," he assured him.  "Dean, that was beautiful."
* * *
Dean shrugged.  "Well if you want to do that, we'll keep the seeds."  He looked at Castiel's pumpkin.  "How are you managing there?"
"Dean!  Dean!"  Pamela raised her voice to get him to focus on her, and not his memory.  "On the count of three, you're going to stand up and walk back to the door.  No-one will stop you.  Once you step outside, you're going to feel as relaxed as you were before you went in.  Okay?  One, two, three."
"Uh, Dean?" Sam said hesitantly.  "Maybe not a good idea to piss off the new... Him."
"But you didn't," Dean told him. "You're still here. I've got you, Cas," he said, holding him tighter.
His hips bucked involuntarily when he came, a gasp of Dean's name on his lips.  Feeling his heart-rate gradually return to normal, Cas leaned back against the shower wall to steady himself.  The cold tile contrasted the hot flush spreading across his body.  As he opened his eyes slowly, he let out a sigh, wishing Dean were right there with him
"You could pick again," Dean suggested.  "If you wanted."
"Yeah, sick probably," Balthazar said as he poured his own shots.  "Zeke, get him to the toilet before he throws up everywhere."
As soon as the door had closed, Castiel drew Dean into a hug.  Holding him tightly, his fingers clutched at the worn leather as he willed Dean to believe that he had no intention of walking out of his life.
Unfortunately, Bobby had decided that getting Dean to help him with the paperwork would be a good idea.
Cas watched for a moment, until the alleged 'rabbit' appeared onscreen.  "
Cas braced himself with one hand, the other on Dean's dick, and thrusted in time with Dean's movements.
"Besides which," Dean continued, "you won't fit many presents in them."
"I barely slept a wink.  Heard you get up, so decided I'd make you breakfast."  Dean hesitated.  "I figure I've got a lot of grovelling to do."
"Hey.  No."  He shooed the kitten away, wondering how it had escaped the kitchen.  Perhaps he hadn't closed the door firmly enough?
Castiel disappeared in a ruffle of feathers.
"Did you still want to help at the soup kitchen?"
He lay back down, reaching out for Cas under the covers as if to reassure himself that he wasn't alone.
' beside him.
"Um, Dean?" he croaked.  Immediately the pressure around his ribcage eased as Dean stepped back.
Immediately, the mechanics, Cas, and Charlie gathered around her like moths to a flame.
," Cas admitted.
"You should call Bobby," Castiel said once the plate was empty.
"Father Reynolds?" he called out, before wondering if you weren't supposed to shout in a house of God.  "Father?" he called again as he made his way closer to the altar, in a more hushed tone this time.
Dean moved to put them away but stopped behind Castiel, who stiffened instinctively. Dean seemed to sniff the air around him.
- guy.  I was talking out of my ass the other night.  You were right, then - I
couldn't give me a reason to stay," Cas reminded him.
"Why do you smell like me?" he asked, sounding amused.
"Sir?"
"Why is
"Get the paperwork, son," Bobby instructed Cas, before leading Gordon outside.
He didn't realise Dean had disappeared from his side again until he saw him scratching the head of one of the deer as it munched on a carrot.  When he moved to Dean's side, a carrot was pressed into his hand.
, boy!  You come into work with lipstick on your collar and smelling of cheap perfume, and it's never the same shade twice!"
"You should always listen to your lawyer."
"Oh!"
"I didn't want to freak you out."
They headed back the way they'd come once they were fully dressed again – though walking in damp boxers didn't rank highly on Castiel's list of things he'd like to do again! – and Castiel was surprised at just how far they'd walked.
"What the hell is that?" Dean asked as Cas pulled the roast out of the oven to rest some time later.
Dean shrugged.  "It's a win.  You're
Understanding that Castiel wasn't going to talk to him any time soon, Dean grabbed his toolbox and went outside to work on the Impala. One minute it was still early afternoon, and it wasn't until the light started to fade and he found himself squinting that he realised how late it had gotten. He'd fixed the problem a while ago, and was now just tinkering to kill time.
"Sorry," Castiel shrugged, not looking sorry in the least.
"If money was an issue, you could move in with me for a while?"
"You look happy this morning."
- Pamela had a point.  Maybe he
Charlie flashed her daily ticket at the driver and headed for a pair of vacant seats while Cas paid for his own, ignoring the disapproving look the driver flashed at his dripping pants.  The bus drove off before he was seated, and he stumbled before collapsing next to Charlie.
Cas pretended to look thoughtful.  "I
Dean's guarded expression became one of puzzlement, and the fact he conveyed the emotion so openly told Pam her words had taken him by surprise.
"Where did you
"Do you do this often? Or only when your houseguests leave?"
She rubbed a hand across her stomach.  "He's a fighter, alright.  Always kicking."  Then she looked horrified.  "Don't tell Dean it's a boy - we agreed we'd let it be a surprise but I couldn't wait any longer!"
"Question."
?" Cas asked him.
"Yeah?" Dean breathed.
"I think I can manage that, Dean.  You've been such a good boy, this year."
* * *
His eyes snapped open.  "You mean like homework?"
Bobby nodded.  "Good.  Because I don't want everyone getting caught in the middle of your domestic dramas."
Dean let out a shaky breath.  It hadn't been hard, telling Castiel everything.  There was no feeling of relief, but neither did he feel the familiar anger bubbling up when usually confronted with his past.  He turned to face Castiel.  "I've never told anyone that before.  Any of it, but especially not about the driving thing."  He felt weak under Castiel's sad, sympathetic gaze, and that made him angry.  "So help me, if you tell
Dean barely registered the tears in Castiel's eyes before he turned to leave.
After shutting the window and returning the glass to the sink, he turned back to the door but found his attention drawn to the empty tub.  It seemed forever ago that Castiel had huddled in the hot water, naked and bruised, the night they'd first met.  He had seemed so small and lost, then - nothing like the well-built, self-assured man that now resided with him.
!"  Castiel must have looked confused, because Dean continued, "You'll get arrested!"
"I like little boys!" he shouted after them playfully.  "They're my favourite!"
"More like he made a bad joke, because he couldn't believe we were finally sexually active.  He says he'll be thrilled when I lose my virginity."
"What's it about?"
He still didn't really understand why this man was helping him – it's not like Castiel had
"Here's a tip - wait until he's had a few drinks.  You're in for a shot, then."
Dean's eyes widened and his mouth formed a silent 'oh' of realisation, before realising that he should probably be offended and scowling.
Tugging it loose, Castiel passed it to him.
"Can I get another whiskey after I've finished this?" he asked, even though he was the customer and could have anything he damn well liked.
"Of course not," Cas told him seriously, an understanding twinkle in his eye.  The paper he'd been holding together opened up to reveal a Barbie doll, as he rose from his seat and went to retrieve yet another Band Aid from the first aid box.
"Did I?" he asked.  "Or was I just afraid of further confrontation?"
Dean didn't mean to take any of Andy's nonsense seriously, because none of it was really
"Fine.  In that case it's just
Bobby narrowed his eyes.  "On that thing?" he queried, pointing at the computer.
"You'll see," Dean said cagily.  "Now, can you please start packing your stuff away?"
"I'm sorry," Castiel apologised immediately.  "I'm just so bored, and I feel completely
"It's really you," Dean said, looking him up and down.
try to pay me!"
Dean's eyes widened, and he suddenly felt very light-headed.  "Why didn't you tell me before?" he asked, his voice breaking.
"Cas is healing up just fine.  He'll be back tomorrow."
Ben just looked even more confused.  "But why don't you guys sleep together anyway?"
"What are you looking for?" Dean called over to him as he hung his jacket up.
The truth in her words hit him like a punch in the gut.  "We didn't break up," he pointed out.  "You left me."
"Fuck."
"Maybe we should, uh," Dean said, ushering Ben out.
man who probably wouldn't remember it in the morning, and therefore wouldn't be able to tell him how bad he was.
His chest started to feel tight, and his breath was coming in ragged gasps.
Castiel turned on Dean.  "Yes, I do.  I know this is your home, but did you have to be so rude?  You've done so much for me, but is it too much to ask you to be
"She's missed you," Dean said.  "And she wants to see us."  He motioned between himself and Cas, which wasn't
"Enough, dude. Just get what you think we'll need to last us the month."
A fond smile spread across his face.  He loved how much Dean loved his car.  "Whatever makes you happy."
"Maybe."
"There's no way I'm throwing you out onto the street, Cas – so just don't even start, okay?"
skinny.  In most places, he amended, turning sideways.  He'd been slowly regaining the weight he'd lost before he'd found a home with Dean and was now carrying a little extra weight around his middle, but he lacked any of the muscle that Dean's body boasted.
"Yeah, you like the sound of that, huh?"
had a hand in that, but a large part of it had been Pamela.
Cas leaned over and pressed a chaste kiss to his lips.  "You're already drinking less," he reminded him.  "And so long as you're not using alcohol as a crutch to cope with your issues, I don't see why you can't continue to drink occasionally."  He sighed, and cast the paper aside.  "I only see a handful of jobs that I
Then he added
"It's not the sort of thing you suggest lightly," she commented.
"Okay.  'Night."
Wrong.
Castiel jolted to a stop.
He showered for a long time, letting the hot water ease his aching muscles and alleviate some of the tension he held in his shoulders, and he stayed under the spray until the water ran cold. Then, buck naked, he shaved in front of the steamed up mirror. He didn't need to see his reflection – didn't want to, even – but as he ran a hand over his smooth cheeks, already missing the slight prickle of stubble, something made him wipe a single streak through the steam and study himself for the first time in a long time.
?  If one was thirsty, Cas supposed.
about you?"
Dean could identify the moment Castiel realised what it was he was asking.  "Even
Panic flooded his system.  "Is Dean—"
He thought he may have breathed Dean's name, but he couldn't be sure.
"No."
Dean slipped the photo back into his wallet before they could get him overthinking this again.  He'd never thought he'd ever be a dad, and if he and Cas worked out then it would never happen.  But, thinking about Ben, he realised that he
“It’s obviously eating him, but with Jack, you know, he can get angry, and that never ends well,”  Dean said, as he walked up the stairs towards Cas, who was absolutely in distress.  “He’ll let us know if something happens, you know that.”  Dean said, trying to reassure himself, but the doubt never left.
It was almost hilarious, how no one was figuring his whole thing out yet.  He had lost weight, and quite a bit of it.  He barely ate anything in front of them, or everything at once - but that was apparently normal for younger folks.  He even tried dropping hints, but no one picked up on them.
Sam agreed to let Dean help with the lunches - so Jack would eat at least some of it.
“Actually 145, you’re a little off.”  He stated, hoping they’d stop, but really he knew this was just another way of teasing.  He wanted nothing to do with it.
It wasn’t for a few moments, but Jack suddenly realized that he wasn’t covered, not like he usually was.  His arms exposed, and each vein and the few strips of muscle that liked to poke from his skin when he moved.  Jack couldn’t even try to cover up, as it would be more suspicious than just ignoring it.
Jack awkwardly snuck past a groggy Sam, and went to piss.
The food seemed heavy.  He had probably gained from the food.  Had he not eaten, he would’ve been better off.  He just couldn’t not weigh himself.  This was ridiculous.
There was a look of disbelief on Dean’s face, but he seemed to buy it, much to Jack’s relief.
Dean asked Jack if he was ok, and Jack said he was but Dean couldn’t quite believe it.
It took a second for Jack to realize that he was basically naked, and that Dean had seen it - all of it.
“I mean, it’s not something that’ll happen overnight, but I-we just want to see you be ok.”  Sam explained.
It wasn’t until Sam, Dean, and Cas went out on a multi-day hunt; that Jack ended up buying a scale with a credit card that Dean gave him.  He bought a really nice one - it had some form of glass, or plexiglass...he didn’t know.  He had also started another notebook, a leatherbound one that would remain hidden.
con crunch let's go
“How is it, living here?”
It was now nearing the end of September, and Jack was still the target - less of one, yes, but it was still pretty crappy.
“Don’t worry, it’s safe.  I know how much it sucks, to have secrets spilled.”  Claire explained.  Jack’s shoulders ended up dropping from the suspended breath.  He found himself trusting Claire, and with it came a sense of relief.  His secret was with someone else, pushing some of the weight off of his own body.
“I know why you have those.”  Sam said quietly.
No, it was his own stupid addiction.  The way he basically starved himself as a kid - to take care of Sam, and when food was available, he’d end up just eating everything he could.  It was just some stupid thing he did as a kid.  He had gotten over it by the time he had gone to find Sam back at Stanford.
It was Sam who tried to get him to eat another piece “because there was too much”.  Pressure brought it upon him, and he grabbed another piece, but he had a bit of a plan - it happened before.
“I can’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So you do all this, and don’t even know what to say?  How are we supposed to help you then?”  Dean said, peeved again.
Jack paced the room in a bit of a panic.  He was basically the reason everyone kept falling apart.
He locked one of the stalls and let water run - which was so stupidly obvious, but Sam and Dean were pretty dense with sounds - lots of gunshots didn’t lend their ears too well.
“You ready?”  Sam asked.  Jack pulled the backpack straps on, and nodded.
The yelling had died down again, as quickly as it had started, and there were footsteps coming up the stairs.
Jack had just gotten extremely sneaky.  He was extremely good at hiding it.  Through baggy clothes, short hair, and a lot of trying to silently puke after meals.
"You roll your ball down the lane – but be careful not to put your foot across the line – and you try to aim your ball so it knocks all the pins down.  You get more points the more pins you knock down, and at the end of the game the person with the most points wins.  It's fun."
.  We are what we are.  It's nobody's business but ours."
night, or else he might not get any sleep.
Dean had stormed around the kitchen, banging drawers and doors as he'd made a coffee for himself and a hot chocolate for Castiel, and Castiel had done his best to stay quietly out of his way, passing him things that he's absently put down only to need again five seconds later.
"Charlie," he breathed.  "You've had a haircut."
.   Hoffman wasn't even supposed to be in this.  He just saw the cameras when he was driving by so stopped and they wrote him a cameo part there and then."
"I'm beginning to think you have a fetish," Cas told him, removing Dean's hand from his ass.
As Castiel wrapped his arms around his waist, Dean caught a whiff of his new cologne.  Earthy and spicy.  Familiar.
Dean's face hardened, and fist slammed unto the table in front of him as he leaned for ward to Castiel.
"Dean," Castiel began, unsurely.
There had been a noticeable difference in Dean's attitude and behaviour in the run up to Thanksgiving, though whether that was because the anniversary of his mother's death had passed, he'd opened up to Cas, or simply because he liked Thanksgiving Cas didn't know, but Dean's good mood was contagious.
Castiel stared out of the window, looking away from Dean.  "Because to hear you tell me that my feelings were not returned, or worse, for you to ask me to leave, is something that would hurt too much."
"You wanna head down to the Roadhouse with me?" Dean questioned because, although Castiel often came down with him, he was never the one to
contribute in other ways."
...  Yes, yes...  Ugh..."
"It was this week, wasn't it?" Castiel asked in realisation.
"Dad used to make it with enough cayenne pepper in there to burn your lips off, but I left that out," Dean told him as he came back into the room.  "Don't want to upset your stomach any more than it already is."
"You drinking alone?"
"Do you want a hand?"
"Good?" Jo asked.
It made him think again about doing something with the living room in their small apartment - maybe Cas would have some suggestions, if he asked?  He'd considered movie posters, or maybe some music memorabilia.  As he thought more about it, however, he realised it all reflected who
"Yes," Cas agreed tersely.
"Good for you," Dean grinned, picking up his beer.  "Cheers!"
Castiel smiled at him, doubts niggling in his mind.  Was it really fair to risk upsetting Dean when he was trying so hard to commit to Castiel and to his therapy?
"As your friend I
"I think...  I think it was after I tried to kiss Jo.  I was in a bar, one I've never been in, but it was familiar."
"When we're kissing - or making out, whatever you want to call it - Cas wants
"Good boy.  Now sneak back up to bed.  I'm sure your husband will be wondering where you are."
"But you use it."
Dean rolled his eyes.  "Would you just open it and read it already?"
"So, no Cas tonight?"
"Truth."
" he asked eventually.
Castiel managed to get another couple of hours sleep, and the next time he woke up he was feeling much better – though whether it was down to the extra sleep or the Paracetamol he wasn't sure.
Ben grumbled a half-hearted protest at having to abandon his game, but his attitude became more eager once he'd washed his hands and Dean was sliding a thick meaty patty into his waiting roll.  Onions, tomato, cheese, and sauce were piled on top of their burgers until they could hardly get their mouths around them.
their mother die; letting their
"The memory was clearer today," Dean agreed.  "So what I first thought happened...
"Really.  Now go to bed."
of my time, instead of only
He wasn't sure how long it had taken him to drift off, but he was woken after what didn't feel like very long by rain falling on his face.  It took him a moment or two to realise what it was, and once he had he dragged himself up off the bench and hurried to find somewhere that would provide even minimal shelter.
“I’m just not hungry.”  Jack lied.
Things didn’t pick up until the end of August.  It just seemed to drone along, as the heat started to irritate Jack.  It made gym class unbearably hot, and well, the air conditioning in the school made the other classes far too cold.  Jack just couldn’t win.
“No.  I’m vegetarian now.”  Jack said suddenly, hoping to avoid eating the abundance of meat that seemed to spread along the table.
Dean would sit with Jack some days, if he was around.  He tried to ease Jack, as he assumed the stress of school just loaded itself upon Jack.
During his “final year”, Dean found himself just not caring, literally at all.  He just had to hide it, but he just couldn’t really take it seriously.  Sometimes it was not eating that felt better, sometimes it was eating and puking while Sam was asleep.  He was ok with binging in front of Sam, but the purging wasn’t anything he wanted Sam to find.
Friday afternoon’s PE final was awful.  Running two laps felt pretty much impossible, and with his loss of weight, he didn’t really have the same strength, so he tapped into his powers to get through.
The morning sun seemed to blind him, as he blinked his eyes open.  Sam was apparently already awake, and had gotten breakfast when Jack pushed himself off of the bed.
“Yeah, and the last time you did that I found moldy pizza under your bed.  You’re staying.  End of discussion.”  Dean yelled.
It was September 7th, and he stood in the gym hall - his body covered only by the grey shorts and the white shirt he had on.  His sneakers felt snug with the socks he had on.
“No.  I guess I’ll have some breakfast.”  Jack sighed, defeated.  Dean handed him a takeout box with pancakes inside.
He learned quickly that a whole water bottle added a few pounds, and then salt, and sewing coins into his clothes, and anything else.
“You also ignored the problem.  I just need to be understood.  I’m not a human nor an angel - but this is so human that you might not even understand it.”  Jack said, losing the humanity he had for a moment, and went into that gray area he hadn’t felt since the world ended.  Part of it was missed.  He missed the constant need to do everything, save the world every other week.
“I...was curious.”  Jack said, trying to excuse his odd interest in the god-awful eating disorder movies from Youtube.
He sat, and pulled out his own copy of King Lear, and started reading the few pages he didn’t get to the night before.
He was roped in, as they started to ask questions, while consuming the strangest looking cookies with a green frosting.  It was odd to Jack, people eating before they’ll be eating again, as if food would never exist again.
The bell ended up ringing, and Jack made his way to the curb.  He was far too ready to get away from the school for two weeks.
Today was no exception.  He quickly turned the water on, let it beat on his back, and he pressed his middle finger to the back of his throat.  The puke drained through the sink, and he was always surprised with the way that he hadn’t clogged the drain system yet.
The whole “crush on Claire” thing was back, but he couldn’t really form words.
He tried to rinse the taste out of his mouth, and walked back out, as he felt the small acid erosion, the one that tends to happen whenever someone purged, heal.  It wasn’t the greatest of feelings.
“It’s time for pie.”  Dean reminded Jack, who got up.  Basically that was just a keyword for either get into the kitchen or it actually meant pie.  Jack could never tell with Dean.
“I thought he just wasn’t eating - now this?  Are you- why didn’t you say anything?”  Dean exclaimed, the odd anger that came from concern in his voice.
it begins ig
Jack quickly purged, hoping it wouldn’t be too hard or too gross.  Bread sort of clumped in his throat, and he kept having to force his middle finger down his throat, until the soggy chunks did come up, and he could breathe.
“Is it because of us?  Something else?  I can’t help you if you don’t know.”  Sam said.  Jack had always felt safer around Sam, which wasn’t unpredictable.  Dean was the opposite.  He liked to shut up about his problems, until they became unbearable.  Cas - Cas never had these feelings, because angels didn’t really feel.
“It’s just a bad day, really.”  Jack explained.  Not a lie, not a truth, just him.
circus school is wild - but hey
“That’s just what he does; he cares just as much.”  Sam explained, which did give Jack some closure, but this whole thing was too much.
Silence remained in the car, not even Cas was talking nonsense.
“Uh sure, I can only do it on Gold days though.  I have A on Red days.”  Jack explained.
Jack quietly put fries into napkins, slipped them into his pockets, and excused himself to the bathroom, hands in his pockets, hiding the mass of ripped up potato.
Dean looked at Sam with an unwilling look.
A change from the 145 a few months ago. A good change, and before anyone saw, Jack wrote the number down, and hid everything again.
