"It's alright," John said, "no harm done."
Again, many thanks to those of you who have come back to read this story as I picked it up again. Like I said, this ending is similar to what I had planned, but not exactly as I've lost my original outline. But even though I had a much longer ending planned, this is pretty much how it was ultimately going to turn out. I'm pleased to see this story finally finished, and hope you all find it somewhat satisfying.
“That’s okay, because he has lots of friends. And me. And we all help each other.”
They left the small garden and walked the grounds a bit, stopping when they came to the little pond shaded by a big, swoopy tree.
John waited for the responses to come. He didn't know when, or even if, Sherlock would ever want to talk about the injury he'd gained as a result of his travels.
John wasn't asleep for long when he was roused by a knock at his door.  "Sherlock?"  He sat up and watched the door open.
"Wouldn't he?"
for was that he would come back.  What bothered him more was that Sherlock had obeyed the command without protest, taking it a few steps further by not coming back.
“Dennison. He said you like me.” He waited for Sherlock to respond, but he did not.  “I, um… told him I like you too.”
John went a bit cold, but reminded himself that Sherlock was here, alive.  "But you didn't."
He stared at the computer for a minute, wondering what was wrong. He didn't find it hard to believe Sherlock had gotten hurt, with his balance as of late. But Sherlock had had a bandage on his arm the last night he spent in London, and there was certainly no broken mirror in 221B.
Sherlock watched him go into the kitchen.  All he wanted was for John to be free of him.
He watched Sherlock sit in his chair.  "I'll make breakfast?"
“Just sit there and wait. Sherlock will take care of everything. They’ll be gone before breakfast is ready.”
Behind his closed eyes it was dark and starless, and he floated in silence until he heard a faint voice calling out from a Universe near by.
A flash of  light appeared as his eyes threatened to open.
They took separate cabs, since they were heading in opposite directions.  She saw him off with a kiss.
“See you boys around,” Sally said as they walked away.
John's dinner with Mary was cut short.
“He does! He talks about you all the time.”
“Dennison?”
“We love you too,” John said as Sherlock ruffled his hair.
“Right. Sure.”  He finished beating the eggs and started them cooking, but his mind was somewhere else.
'It's fine,' Sherlock assured him, face returning to one of near-fondness. 'My cousin's been keeping me company. I'm teaching him the violin.'
“Of course.”
Dennison raised his hands and signed, 'It's nice to meet you.'
“Have you been sleeping?”
“Mycroft,” John said with a glare, “I don't know if you realise this, but your brother is depressed.”
John was a bit startled by Sherlock's lack of fight, but he supposed it was something even Sherlock couldn't get out of.  "He said he sent a cab for you," he told him after hanging up.  "When will you be back?"
'You learned to sign in four days?'  Though it had taken Sherlock around the same amount of time to learn, he was a bit surprised his cousin had the motivation to do so, given his age.
John closed the door behind him and took himself back to the kitchen.  “That’s him gone,” he said. Then he saw Sherlock at the stove. “Oh, the eggs.”
It was barely morning when Dennison woke him the next day.
He took a few deep breaths and turned his head. He saw Dennison laying next to him, watching him.
“Hm?”
“Dr. Watson, we've been reading your blog!” Dennison said, voice high with excitement as he stood next to Sherlock and waved at the screen. “Did you two really do all those things?”
“What did he lie about?”
‘Yes,” Sherlock signed.
could've gotten hurt, Sherlock."
Dennison jumped down and hugged Sherlock, who embraced him fully.
'It is best for me to distance myself from people I care about.'
'I see John neglected to tell you I'm mute.'
John took a deep breath.  "Need help sleeping again?"  He didn't think Sherlock would sleep again so soon, but it was the only thing he could think of.  And Sherlock nodded.  "Come here," he said.  Sherlock hardly moved, just looked up at him with questioning eyes.  "Sherlock, come here.  I'm not sleeping on the floor again."
It wasn't unusual for the first sound John heard in the morning to be the muffled sounds of Sherlock's violin. Many mornings he'd find himself being eased awake by a calm melody. And just as many had he been startled by his flatmate's harsh picking of the strings.
“Come on Sherlock, we’ll go with you and we’ll be there when the surgery is done.” Dennison got up from the floor to go stand next to Sherlock.  He studied his face.  “John, I think he’s afraid it won’t work.”
That night, neither of them knew what to do.  The last time Sherlock up and left John, John hadn't known it was coming.  But now he did, and he didn't like it.  They were friends.  Not colleagues anymore, really, since Sherlock stopped consulting.  But Sherlock was an important part of his life, and he'd only had him back for a handful of weeks.
“Picking a suitable subject for aging is of great importance. You want a cheese that is strong enough to withstand the entire process, however it will need to be malleable enough to respond to the guidance you give. This way you’ll end up with a wonderful cheese that you can share with other enthusiasts. Being able to pick out specimens that have the greatest potential and are just right is a skill that can only be developed with experience.”
2.	It is possible to care & react appropriately in emergencies with mental discipline.
“I agree with you, John, I just misread the apricot and apple tart as something completely different.” Sigur chimed in, giving the doctor a knowing smile while Mycroft rolled his eyes at his father’s immaturity. A waiter came over and took their orders, bringing over the wine that they’d selected earlier. It was then that Violet noticed.
About quarter of an hour later, John found he had a lump in his throat that he just couldn’t clear, so he put his paper back down to go fetch a glass of water. However, when he stood from his chair, he felt his head spin and he had to reach out and put a hand on the mantle to steady himself.
“Watch out, brother mine, I think Mummy is going to swap you for John.” Mycroft teased lightly, getting an eye roll from Sherlock while he surreptitiously took his partner’s hand in his under the table. He felt John squeeze his fingers lightly, a subtle sign to show that his partner hadn’t forgotten him as he continued chatting animatedly with his parents.
John was up in his room, standing on a chair as he fixed a portable pull-up bar on the frame of his door. The doctor checked it would take his weight by hanging from it briefly. Satisfied it would hold, he gripped the bar with both hands, pulling himself in to a single chin-up before kicking the chair out of the way so he wouldn’t get caught on it.
“No.” John managed to get that word out from between gritted teeth, he put the cap back on the tube and washed his hands.
Sherlock managed to dart forward quickly enough to catch John before he cracked his head on the kitchen table. The detective lowered his friend to the floor gently with a worried frown.
“Not particularly, not sure why you’re so concerned though, sometimes it seemed you did pretty much everything in your power to sabotage my love life.” John was half-amused and half-annoyed by this conversation and if pressed, he couldn’t honestly say which feeling was stronger right now.
“Ah, John! I’m glad you’re back! There’s someone here to see you.” The Baker Street matriarch reached out to greet her tenant and friend with a hug and he gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“No, don’t go! Don’t retreat! Talk to me, John, tell me what you’re feeling right now! Make me understand! You were always the one that I looked to for guidance whenever I hurt people accidentally because I didn’t anticipate the effect my actions would have on someone emotionally.” Sherlock gulped when John gave a hysterical little laugh at being asked to explain ‘sentiments’ to a man who always despised them.
“He was suspended from Homicide initially while there was an investigation into his conduct regarding you. When the Hillman Inquiry was announced by Parliament, the Metropolitan Police restored him to his position as an act of good faith while it was ongoing. Once the verdict and report were published, he emerged without a stain on his good character.” Mycroft noted the minute relief that rolled over the detective’s face before his eyes creased in confusion.
“Well, you’re a doctor, I’m sure you could patch me up if I did come a cropper.” Mr Doyle commented with a chuckle as he followed John down into his basement flat. John laughed as he flicked on the lights and turned a thermostat on the wall and the heating immediately kicked on.
“Most mornings I went to school having only eaten a couple of packets of crisps for breakfast. One time when I got back from rugby practice, I was so hungry I took a microwave meal out of the freezer and ate it as is… I don’t recommend that by the way.” John looked up with a small forced smile that Sherlock couldn’t return. The doctor had never spoke about his childhood, only mentioning his older sister on occasion and very rarely his parents.
“That- that was lovely, John, truly. What was the song? I didn’t recognise it.” When he’d finished playing the detective was looking at his friend with surprise and what looked like awe. John blushed lightly as he took the flute apart and put it back in the case.
“Hey, I just found the Doc! Christ, he looks so young and fresh faced there!” Sherlock’s head snapped up and he darted over to see for himself. John Watson was standing among his peers in full dress uniform. He was a little older than the average recruit due to him enlisting after completing his medical degree. “It’s a little odd to see him looking so serious, if I’m honest.”
“No, the best reaction I usually get is people just getting up and walking away.” Sherlock admitted with a frown, not really understanding why that phrase consistently produced a negative response from a wide range of parties.
“I do wonder how I was expected to ‘stop’ Dr Watson considering he worked out that I was the source for all the information Moriarty had on you. He won’t even share a room with me long enough to have a conversation. Instead I conspired with Mrs Hudson to have 221c renovated with a brand new damp proof course while John was away for a few days.” Mycroft smirked as Sherlock tipped his glass slightly to indicate his begrudging approval of how his older brother had handled the situation.
“Literal flames? I was going to ask but then I remembered the sugar fireball, we were damn lucky we only lost the curtains and an oven glove that time.” John gave a wry little chuckle with a shake of his head, how Mrs Hudson put up with them at times was a total mystery.
“Anyway, this analogy isn’t well suited to the situation because the act of ‘protecting’ the plate has probably caused just as much destruction as any attempt to ‘kill’ it would have done.” Sherlock jumped slightly as John clapped his hands together twice with a cheer and a blinding grin.
Without giving Falcon time to recover, John grabbed him by the neck and threw him face down to the ground. He knelt on him with his knees in Falcon’s kidneys to stop him from escaping while he opened the green rucksack and rummaged through it.
“John! What’s wrong? …You said that Falcon only winded you!” Sherlock was crouched down and hissing in his ear, the doctor could hear Greg radioing for an ambulance before the inspector got to the floor on John’s other side to help lay him down.
They were back at Baker Street before he knew it. Sherlock got out of the car without a backwards glance, he needed to talk with John.
At the time in addition to that, Sherlock had come up with a mental list of reasons why pursuing a romantic relationship was a bad idea. He decided to put the question about John’s feelings to the side for now and dug that list out of a filing cabinet in his Mind Palace to review it once more, two years and eight months farther down the line.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it so much, that made it worth the effort so it’s something I’ll definitely do again in the future. Shall we see if there’s anything good to shout at on the tv?” Sherlock asked and John agreed with a grin, he got up carefully and used his crutch to go into the living room heading for the couch. It was easier for him to see the telly from there, plus he could raise his sprained knee by putting it up on the coffee table.
A few hours later found John and Sherlock firmly ensconced in the conference room of Allatel plc, on the table between them were three years’ worth of publicly available financial records. The company was understandably reluctant to open up the books to them without a warrant. So, for now, they were stuck looking for something that would qualify as probable cause.
“That’s very kind of you to offer, thank you, but I can handle it.” There was that phrase again. ‘I can handle it.’ Sherlock was beginning to hate those words, John shouldn’t have to ‘handle’ anything, especially not alone. John deserved to be happy and
“It wouldn’t be Callahan’s rights that would be infringed, it’ll be the complainants. Leave it with me, I’ll get what I can.” Greg replied as he opened the fridge. “Beer, juice and not much else in here.”
Description of Violence.
Sherlock felt a chill go down his spine as he saw those words, he read them again – just to be sure before speaking to Greg urgently.
Greg met him out the front when John’s taxi pulled up, the former soldier saw the DI give his hand a knowing look but didn’t comment on it. Instead he launched into what they knew so far.
a crime to manipulate an adult into loving you, then poison their mind and pass them around to your friends. If you’re not underage or classed as ‘vulnerable’ then it’s your own stupid fault as far as the law is concerned!”
“Eighteen months later and he’s on a pedestal that he never wanted to be on, ‘The Reichenbach Hero’, Europe’s golden boy. It was my doing so I tried to warn him, prepare him for what was coming… because I knew that the only thing the viewing public loves more than a meteoric rise to fame is a dramatic fall from grace… and yes, I chose that phrase deliberately.” Sherlock’s gasp had echoed the few audible from the press as John’s eyes flashed in fury.
:: Interesting. We need to find a friend to speak to, find out if she had a boyfriend. – SH ::
“Now you listen to me, John Watson, there is absolutely nothing wrong with you, you hear me? You are moved by the deaths of strangers because, in your eyes, everyone on this planet is worthy of your respect until they give you a reason to believe otherwise.” The detective watched as his friend lifted his head slowly as he continued to speak.
“You’re emptyhanded.” Sherlock swivelled on the stool he was using so he faced the doctor. “Where’s the shopping? You didn’t forget or you’d have been back sooner. Did you get into another fight with a chip and pin machine? Really, John, it’s not like you need a degree in computer science to operate one, even an idio-”
“The Inquiry verdict only confirmed what I, and precious few others, have never doubted. Sherlock Holmes was a brilliant man who saved so many lives, brought justice and closure to many others and was never
“I’ve said it before but it bears repeating. Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side.” As soon as the last word passed his lips, the maintenance lighting was switched off, plunging the factory into darkness. Just as quickly the strip of main lights over the pair of them were flipped on, blinding the detective with its brightness.
“You never know, Detective Inspector, Mr Craig might have decided that his ‘World is Not Enough.’” Sherlock nearly ran into Greg’s back when the latter stopped in shock at Sherlock making a pop culture joke. “… John makes me watch Bond movies every chance he gets.”
“Alright, don’t need to recreate the scene that thoroughly, mate!” He grabbed Sherlock by the arm and dragged him back. “Especially when you’ve just pointed out that the ground can give way at the edges.” Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes at him but obediently stepped away. He knelt down by the tracks again and measured the second pair with a tape measure.
“Yes, but I’ll take it if it makes him feel better.” Sherlock replied distractedly, he was already collating all the new information he had about how John had spent these last two years. Mycroft was right,
“How long have you been following me?” The detective turned in time to see John go rigid at hearing the question. Sherlock could see him internally debate whether to deny it or not before he decided against it.
“Come now, there’s really no use in sulking. You’re supposed to be meeting my parents and making the best impression, that’s what is important today!” Sherlock knocked again, frowning when he realised that he couldn’t hear any sounds coming from the other side of the door. He grabbed the handle and turned it, shocked to see that the room was empty.
“That doesn’t taste like any ice cream I’ve ever had before, what is it?” The doctor looked at the tub to see it was a lactose-free ice cream made with coconut milk and thus suitable for vegans too. He had another small bite and shook his head. “Nope, I’m not a fan. You can keep it for yourself, thanks anyway.”
John had been back at Baker Street for a couple of days now. Sherlock had swapped bedrooms with him for the time being because the extra set of stairs would leave the doctor exhausted and sweating if he tried to tackle them on his own several times a day, which he would because John Watson was as stubborn as a mule and twice as infuriating.
“I know, I know.” John’s attempt at reassuring his friend didn’t sound wholly convincing. John’s exhaustion was creeping up on him again after the adrenaline of being confronted with his past waned. He walked into the living room and sank down on the couch. Sherlock followed and sat in his own chair.
“I’m examining that possibility; however, the initial impressions indicate that the scale of the tragedy was down to poorly maintained systems rather than deliberate sabotage. 26 fatalities so far, approximately double that in injured.” Mycroft watched as John closed his eyes, lowering his head for a moment to acknowledge the loss of life. “Your empathy can’t help them now, doctor. Caring isn’t an advantage and cannot save lives.”
:: Just got out of NSY, heading Tesco if you want anything? – JW ::
“Harry called me as I was heading to Tesco. I ignored it, but she left me a voicemail.” John lent back against the cistern, staring up at the ceiling while Sherlock carefully dug all the remaining splinters of glass out of his palm. John pulled his phone out with his free hand, calling his voicemail and putting it on speakerphone.
“You know what I don’t get? It’s why some people have kids if they aren’t going to show any interest in actually raising them right or being a part of their lives. I was in university before I realised that normally parents prepare and cook meals for their kids beyond the age of ten. Don’t get me wrong, there was always plenty of food in the house, me and Harry were just expected to feed ourselves if we were hungry.” John stared into his cup so he didn’t have to look at Sherlock’s face.
“Yeah, but this is different. You’re nervous.”
Sherlock nodded.
"Please."
“I was unaware of that decision,” Mycroft admitted.
Sherlock just shook his head, rubbing Dennison's back.
“Maybe he just thought a change of scenery would do you some good.”
Dennison read his books all day, not letting Sherlock out of his sight.  As day turned into night, and he began yawning, Sherlock suggested he get some rest.
Sherlock stood up, ready to take him inside before the drizzle turned into a downpour, but Dennison got up and started jumping in the muddy puddles that had begun to form.
Sherlock noded, hands held tightly on his lap. He didn't make a lot of eye contact.
"Will it?"
'I'll hold on to the railing.'
"You shouldn't be so quick to claim to know what's best for me," John argued.
'Fine.'
"It's fine," He said.  "Most people don't realise right away."
Arielle wasted no time in joining the others.
Both their faces fell, looking away from each other.
There was a few minutes of nothing. Then, 'Where?'
Sherlock breathed hard, ready to stand his ground.  Ready to remind John that he didn't care about pleases and thank-yous.  But the desperation on John's face, the face of the person he was willing to die for, reminded him that he did care.  At least when the pleases and thank-yous fell from those lips.  'A few weeks.'
Sherlock nodded.
Someone approached them from the side. “Hello.”
John sighed, leaning back in his chair, wondering what Sherlock's face must look like as he admitted these things to him. Sherlock had said his reason for text chatting was Dennison being sound asleep beside him, but they'd video chatted quietly plenty of times, so now he was wondering if there was another reason. 'You can still be a detective. Not just cold cases, but out in the field, chasing criminals. We can figure out a way. Or you may find something new you want to pursue. Either way, you're my friend and I'll be with you to help you figure it out. You helped me find a war to fight in. I'll find you a case to solve.'
'I can't do it without a voice. It's not fun when no one can understand me.'
'Hi. Just seeing if you're okay.'
Sherlock went back to his own room and followed his own instructions.  He dried his hair with a towel, allowing the loose curls to reform themselves.  He smoothed the frizz on top with a comb.
'The phrase gets stuck in my head.'
“Sherlock, are you sure you don't want any more?” Mrs. Hudson asked as they finished their meal.
“Come on, you could both use some rest.”
'Are you awake?'  It was Sherlock.
"Permanent?  You mean you might... just never come back?"
'I don't know.'
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t get that,” John said, slightly embarrassed.
John entered Sherlock's room to find Dennison already asleep, Sherlock running his fingers through the boy's hair.
"He... said you'd, erm, fallen in love... with someone.  While you were away."  He stared at Sherlock, awaiting his reply.  He hoped for Sherlock to deny it.  For him to say Mycroft had lied.  And he wasn't sure why.
"What does he do for a living?"
His answer was a shrug and a sip.
Sally chuckled.
'Read one of the books in your backpack.'
'I don't know. I seem to know, while it's happening, but once it's over I forget. And it's not good, do you understand? I'm not good, and this isn't something people should do.  Dr. Parson had good intentions with what he said but I cannot lie anymore.'
Sherlock found most of his things had arrived and was pleased to see none of it was unpacked.  At least he'd be able to organize it so it became the strict chaos he preferred to live in.  He was also pleased that Dr. Parson had left him alone, getting settled into his own room farther down the hall.  He assumed Mycroft had asked the staff to room them as far away from each other as possible, a request with which he was perfectly fine.
Once alone, John pulled out his phone, checking for texts from Sherlock or a missed call from Mycroft.  There was nothing.  Sherlock he could understand, texting John meant acknowledging he'd done something stupid.  But he would have expected something from Mycroft, a strong voice telling him to take better care of his brother.
'I wasn't thinking.'
John sighed.  "No, I'm sorry...  I'm just confused.  I guess I'm a little hurt that you wouldn't tell me that you... but I do understand if you'd rather keep it to yourself.  You just seemed so out of it last night, and I felt helpless.  I'm not upset.  Well, I'm trying not to be, alright?  If you still want to go out, you can, but I can't let you go out alone."
"Has he lost his touch, or something?"  The voice, unsurprisingly, was Anderson.
Sherlock stared at the screen after sending the last message.  He watched John's responses flash across the screen as the phone vibrated with each incoming message.
Later, after John had gotten some more sleep, there was a knock at the door.
"Your brother said you weren't taking cases, but... we've got a double murder, no suspect, no weapon in sight."
“Shh.” It was a gentle shush, one form of vocal communication he could use. He didn't very often, because alone in their house he didn't care how loud Dennison was when he was playing.
John nodded.  "That's me."
“Yes, and we were too busy to do anything, so we'll have our day today.”
“Did he hurt you?”
Mycroft nodded.  “I do want him home.  I'll see what I can do.”
Dennison only glared back, now knowing he'd guessed right.
Sherlock felt himself stiffen.  There were plenty of things John didn't know, things he would reveal in his own time.  'What did he tell you?'
“...Oh.”
"You were gone all night?" he asked.  "You could've texted me, at least, to let me know you were alright."
'I wouldn't lie to you. I promised, remember? You don't have to read if you don't want to, but I like listening to you.'
Dennison was waiting for him in the garden, sitting on the bench they often took to after dinner. He looked up when he heard Sherlock come outside.
Logically it was more blood than a human could lose at once and survive but he was alive staring at John as he worked tirelessly to fix him.  With each passing moment Sherlock wondered when it would finally be over, when the flood would stop and he’d run out of breath and not have to live anymore.
Sherlock's lips twitched at the corner as he finished his tea.
And as suddenly as it started, the rain stopped.
'He hasn't done anything that I didn't want.'
“I don’t often sleep.”
Sherlock put an arm around Dennison's shoulder and nodded, using his other hand to lead him through the book.
Hello! After almost a year of nothing, here is a new chapter of this story.  The number of chapters might change, as I've altered my outline quite a bit since returning to writing this.  I'll be posting chapters 20 and 21 tonight as well.
“I’m aware,” Mycroft said. “That was the plan all along, wasn’t it?”
And just as he would feel himself growing cold, slipping away from the touch of John’s careful fingers, he’d wake with a gasp
Sherlock's lips turned inward.  'I'm going to spend some time away.'
“But I've almost got it,” he pleaded through a yawn.
"And what about you?" John found himself asking, though he didn't know why.  He didn't know much of anything at the moment, to be honest.  "What do you think of it?"
Sherlock clings to him, feeling the solid physical being pressing against him.
'I haven't tonight.'
“Very good. Now, I’ve done some work in this area, but the success rate is relatively low, unfortunately. However, if I can get some scans done to see what kind of damage we’re dealing with, we can discuss your options. I’ll put in an order for some imaging. You can go to the lab whenever it’s convenient for you within the next week, and as soon as I get the results I will call you. Or, perhaps email would be best?”
"Can I help you?" the doctor asked, his voice clearly indicating annoyance.
Mrs. Hudson handed him a list of ingredients, which he stuck into his coat pocket. “You look happier than I've ever seen anyone.”
“Will you come with me?” Dennison asked.  “I can tell you're not hungry, but I like having someone with me when I eat.  My parents are away and the staff are too busy...”
Finally the fatigue, and the anger, if he was being honest, started getting to him as the night went on, and he went up to bed, slamming his door behind him even though no one was around to hear it.
He tried texting Sherlock himself but there was no reply.
John could tell something was wrong.  Not sleeping was normal for Sherlock.  Not being able to was not.  He put his book down between the sofa cushion and the arm rest.  "Come here."  He remembered the last time he held Sherlock; the man had gone straight to bed.  So he pulled him over, laying him down so he had Sherlock's head in his lap.  It might have looked strange to anyone else but John would do anything to get him to sleep when he needed it.
They weren't particularly interesting but they were something, infinitely better than sitting and doing nothing.  Most of the time.
"How long until you have to board?"
John blinked.  “Was it?”
They came up on a park with a few other children and Dennison pointed. “Look! Can I go? Can I go play?”
They spent a few hours (after John had gotten dressed) together on the sofa, John reading and Sherlock simply sitting with his eyes closed, running over plans and possibilities in his head.  Every once in a while John would get up and bring Sherlock something to eat or drink, and Sherlock would take it without a fuss.
“I can’t believe you did that,” John said, panting as the rain hit his face.
All of time seemed to pass by, and yet he felt outside of time completely.  What was he doing?  Was he on the floor or the ceiling?  Where was John?
John was awake, in fact.  The chirp of his phone distracted him, and he pulled his lips away from Mary's.
'Of course I do,' Sherlock signed with a frown.
“No, dear, I'm fine, thank you.” She noticed his impatience and invited him to sit down. “What's gotten into you?”
"It's fine," she promised.  "You're worried about him.  I understand.  There'll be other dates."
They sat in silence for a long while.  John didn't know what to say.  What did you say to a man who could say nothing back?  Sure, there had been times when Sherlock wouldn't speak for hours, days, weeks, even.  But this was more permanent.
He pouted, but nodded in understanding.  “We will go, though, right?”
“No, don’t shut me out now. Not after all we’ve been through. If you don’t want to go, I’ll cancel. But I wish you would think about it.”
John watched the man work.  Watched how he moved.  He recognised the flourish that accentuated every move, but it was different somehow.  More calculated.  More careful.  He kept his limbs close, rarely bending or stooping unless it was necessary.
“Do you want me to tell him?” Dennison asked. When Sherlock approved he said, “He says you’re fantastic, John.”
'I don't understand why.'
John again did not dream.  He was content here, now.
A day after Sherlock got his imaging done, thanks to John’s constant insisting, they received a call from Dr. West. She relayed some of her thoughts on the process, and scheduled a surgery for Friday.
'No, I'm being good.  Just watching.'
“You're not supposed to leave the house without him.”
Did I ever mention Dennison is blond?  Because Dennison is blond.  I should go back earlier in the story and work that in somehow...
Mary took it with a bit of confusion, and read his writing aloud.  "I have, but I need to keep my mind occupied."  She scanned it again, frowning some more as if the color of the paper offended her.  "You know, it's okay if you don't like me."
He looked around, taking in the environment.  He saw his dresser, saw the soft drizzle hitting the window.  He nodded.
Dennison looked up from his book and then slammed it shut. He ran into the kitchen to alert John, whispering, “The man who wants to put me with a new family is here.”
John must have read the letter fifty times before setting it on the kitchen table, having forgotten all about the tea he'd made.  The cup sat by his elbow, cold.
'I'm alright.'
"Are you injured?"  John asked, trying not to sound angry.  Really he was more concerned now rather than angry.  Anger could wait.  They had plenty of time for that, he hoped.
“Sherlock?”
'I can see it when I glance in a mirror and I don't understand.'
'About this.' Sherlock held up the arm with the bandage wound around it. 'What did you tell him about this.'
Sherlock pouted right back at him, mirroring his indignant stance.
“I'm going with you, right?”
'No, Dennison did.'
Sherlock replied, 'Only if you want to.'
Sherlock's head shook again as he wrote his response.  'Not sleeping.  Dreaming.'
John followed, a bit hurt.  But he didn't let it get to him.
Sherlock's eyes popped open and he sat up.  The movement was too fast and made his head hurt, and he put his hand on his head in hopes that the pressure would relieve some of the pain.
With the new series starting to film soon this story feels kind of pointless...
'Then you know almost everything.' was what displayed on the screen this time.  Then he typed again.  'Everything was pretty straightforward.  Locate, approach, remove.'
“Yeah! Hi!” Dennison stuck his arms up in the air, asking to be picked up.
'No, mine is in my room, and I can't leave Dennison just now.'
Nobody was really surprised.  The news of the famous detective's return had spread quickly.  But details were hard to come by.  No one was granted interviews, no one had any facts.  Articles were filled with reactions and rumours, guesses and opinions, all from unreliable mouths.
John didn't know what it was like to be practically trapped in your own head, but he knew it could be dangerous.  And with a mind like Sherlock Holmes, he was bound to get lost once in a while.
'I am dangerous.  Any time a person comes within my field of vision, I instantly begin calculating the easiest, quietest way to kill them.  You are not an exception.  I must go.'
Dennison hung from a branch by one hand while the other children cheered him on.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head in disapproval, but said, “He was probably too excited to sleep.”
‘Stop, and really think about this,’ Sherlock interrupted him.  ‘You could stay here, with me. Or have two new parents who will love you very much.’
'I don't know if you have it in you to give up on anyone.'
After dropping Mary off at home, and managing to secure a fourth date, John returned to his own home.  He knew Sherlock probably wouldn't want to hear about his date, but he would tell him anyway and he would watch Sherlock roll his eyes and that would be the end of it for the night.
'While I was away, I occasionally had difficulty focusing on the task at hand.  I learned to focus my attention on one thing, one task, but block it from my immediate thoughts.  Dissociative multitasking.'
Finally, Sherlock's shoulders loosened up as he nodded.
“Does Parson know about it?”
“Is she? Are you having fun?”
Sherlock sat in the grass, knees at his chest as he stared at the water.
“Sherlock, I’m making a light snack for Denni. Will you try to eat something?”
But Dennison had gotten a bath and was now snoring lightly on his side of the bed. Sherlock sat next to him text chatting with John. They could have used their phones, but typing really was easier on a computer.
Sherlock looked over at him and stuck out his hand. Dennison sighed and took it, both of them following John upstairs after thanking Mrs. Hudson.
So after a half hour of no texts, John finally accepted it and went to bed.
"I didn't want to wake you but I think you should eat something.  Then you can go back to sleep if you want."
“Sherlock?”
"You alright?"
“No wonder he likes you.”
“Should I?”
The last thing Sherlock wanted right now was a conversation with Mycroft.  But he knew it needed to come soon.  He'd put up with his brother's gloating if it meant getting away from John.
"No, nothing like that," Mycroft assured.  "Sherlock... protected him with everything he had."
“When will I get to see London?”
He closed his eyes, but that seemed to only make it brighter.
He breathed out a shaky breath and looked at his arm.  Through the sleeve of his shirt he could see the edges of the bandage he'd kept wrapped around it.  He tried to imagine the burning sensation the cut had brought, but he could not recall it well enough.  And he tried to put it out of his mind the the feeling haunted him, begging to be relived.
'I don't like it.'
'It's not your decision.  I'm an adult.'
'I told you when I came back.'
Sherlock was caught between the urge to panic and the urge to laugh.  Even if he did take him to London, it wouldn't be at that very moment.
Mycroft set down his expensive pen and looked up from his papers.  "What would you have me do about it?"
Sherlock wrote out his response but contemplated scratching it out and rewriting it.  John new most of what had happened in his time away, the things he'd done and endured.  But he new very little of what went on in Sherlock's head, and he wasn't sure how much he was ready to share with him.  'I thought I'd never see you again.  I thought I was going to die.  I was sure of it.'
He hadn't been much older when his father died, just by a few months.  But even today he still had his mother.  He never really got on with any of his family, but he was closest to his parents when he was little.  They were away a lot, much like Dennison's, and he was usually left in Mycroft's care but when they were home they were always spending time with him.
“Staying with you is the best! It’s already been the best.”
'Not long.  Are you upset with me?'
"When's the last time you ate?" John asked.  It was obvious Sherlock wasn't going to tell him anything about his injury or where he was after it was taken care of.  So now he just wanted to make sure the rest of him was taken care of.  "Or slept?"
“Sherlock.”  The man spoke his name with such ease, such openness.  Sherlock hated it.  “One of the maids said she smelled smoke coming from your room.  I'm coming in.”  He opened the door, and Sherlock mentally chastised himself for not locking it.
But he always changed his mind, the inability to speak giving him more time to think about what he was about to say.
“Just the two of you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He couldn't just sit and wait, he needed to
Sherlock nodded, but the tight look on his face told John he wasn't exactly sure.  What did alright even mean?  Was he alright or was he sick?  Was he alright sitting there?  Was he alright aside from his lack of voice?  What was the standard, what was alright versus not alright.
Dennison shrugged and sat up. Sherlock sat up as well, scratching his head as Dennison crawled into his lap. “I'm bored, Sherlock.”
Sherlock gave no answer, too busy focusing on the clarity returning to his head.
'You are not a danger to me.  I won't ever believe that.'  And if he were a threat to John, his best friend, then wouldn't he be a danger to a child he just met?  He didn't say that, though, for fear of him trying to push Dennison away as well.
“Yeah.”
“Oh! Should I bake something? I should bake something... Would you mind picking up a few things for me, since you're heading out anyway?”
"You can try."
Sherlock might find a dead end and not be able to backtrack out of it.  He could find a room in his palace that he never knew existed before, and have the door close on him.  A memory might jump out and distract him, pulling him so far off his path that he wouldn't realise he was lost until it was too late.
Dennison looked up and also waved.  “Hi, John!”
As John climbed onto the bed on the other side of Dennison, he whispered, “I know I said this already, but it's good to see you again.”
"What are you doing down there?"
“Sometimes I just don't sleep.”
Focusing on the thumb stroking over his shoulder, the warm palm covering the back of his left hand, Sherlock began to relax.  He sank back into the sofa, letting his head roll back.
John sighed.  “We’ve already got one child in the house, I don’t need you acting like one as well.”
He'd worried about him so much before, when they ran around chasing criminals and seeking danger.  But he was starting to worry more than ever now.  He was so different, his lack of voice couldn't be the only thing causing him such pain.  Something else must have happened to him, and sometimes it seemed like Sherlock was about to tell him what it was.
John tried to feel relieved.  But at this moment he just didn't know if he could trust that promise.  He may not have anything planned at the moment, but the future is invisible to all.  'I want you to text me every day until you come home.  And I'd like to keep doing the video calls.  You can talk to me, and I want to be here for you.  We've been looking out for each other since day one, and that's not going to change.'
John laughed. “Of course. We've got to so we can take care of you. Come on, stretch. You have to or you'll get stiff and sore.”
'He'd already figured it out.  He did cry though, and then I put him to bed.'
He considered ignoring the call, but he didn't really have the strength.
Sherlock typed out another text.  'Yes, he probably should.  He says hello, by the way.'
Sherlock was still asleep beside him (and partly under him), having rolled onto his stomach sometime during the night.
“You’ll have to catch me!”  Dennison ran to the center of the park where he began going in circles while the other parents collected their children and headed in all directions. “Come on! Catch me!”
John came downstairs a few minutes later, offering to make breakfast.  But before he could even light the stove, someone knocked on their door.
He stared at the screen, thinking back to his dream. He looked to Dennison, signing, 'Want to take a trip to London?'
'It's nothing urgent.'
“One of the other boys at the park told me parents lie like that so they don't hurt our feelings.”
'I reminded myself that I survived. I had extremely limited use of my arm at the time, but I was alive. Honestly I wasn't entirely sure what I was alive for. For a long time I was sure it was a mistake that I pulled through.'
'Of course I am.' Of course he was. He'd only discussed it with his therapist and even then he mostly talked around it. But if there was one person he felt safe enough with bringin up memories he buried down and locked away, it was Sherlock.
Sherlock reached out to type, but Dennison spoke.
“Must be a family trait,” John said.
Sherlock would have laughed.  Instead all he could do was expel a soft puff of breath at the words on the screen.  John's concern, no matter what happened or didn't happen between them, never failed to amuse him, to make him feel completely weightless, if a bit confused by the sentiment.  Although that confusion was becoming increasingly rarer the more time he spent with John.
Sherlock didn’t move or give any indication he was even listening to them.
'I did put a stop to it a while ago, but after I broke my ankle it started again.'
"Of course not," John answered immediately.  "But it's fine if you don't want to."
He knocked.  "Sherlock, I know you're here.  I will find a way into your room if you don't come out."
The woman smiled at his forgiving voice.  "I should have been paying more attention."
Another shrug.  It was one thing for Sherlock to go long stretches without sleep, but food was different.  At the most he'd go three to four days before finally acknowledging that he needed to eat something.
"Really?" She sounded impressed.  "That sounds exciting."
“I’m Dennison, Sherlock’s cousin. You’re Molly Hooper. You helped him, right?”
The text from Sherlock surprised him, and unsettled him in a way that was even more surprising.
'I did it to myself, and I'm sorry I have to tell you.
"Of course I did.  Even when you doubted it yourself.  I never stopped believing in you."
Tonight was a night they'd decided to skip the stretching. Dennison had gotten tired out playing in the rain. And it had taken all of Sherlock's willpower to get the boy washed and dressed for bed rather than just letting him go to sleep covered in mud. It wasn't because his pout had any affect on Sherlock, it was simply because he didn't have the patience to deal with a persistent six-year-old.
“Alright,” John agreed. “We can make a routine out of it. Let's get to it.” He scooted back a bit and put his arms up in the starting position. He lifted his eyebrows up, urging Sherlock to follow Dennison's lead.
Sherlock stood, pressing the phone into John's hands.
Dennison was up in the early hours of the morning, asking Sherlock to read with him.  Sherlock agreed, trying to quiet his mind.
Once they arrived in Norway, a car was waiting for them.  Sherlock was desperate to get the the estate.  He was prepared to spend three days locked in the room provided for him, with no interruptions from anyone for any reason.
Sherlock was intently keeping watch of his cousin, but John turned in the direction of the voice.
But all he could bring himself to do was sit next to him, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson at each other's sides again, and say, "I never stopped missing you."
At long last, a real chapter.  Please consider taking a moment to skim through the rest of the story.  In the past 24 hours I have made a lot of edits.  Most of them are small, but I have slightly changed my characterization of Dr. Parson and his interactions with Sherlock. And do consider reading "Loud Hands" by Katzedecimal, whom by now I consider a friend.  It is a short companion piece to this story and really will add to the experience of this chapter, absolutely worth your time. I would include a link but have forgotten how. Again, thank you for your support in my time away.  Happy reading.
“Correct, as usual. My niece,” she said for John’s benefit, “comes to see me a lot. My sister is a single mum, you know, so she likes a break now and then. You got one out there, or…?”
'How do you know I'm on a date?'
'No.'
Lestrade had managed to listen to the entire explanation even though he too was entranced by the dance of hands.  "Well, thanks," he said, feeling embarrassed at not knowing what else to say.
'Are you busy?'
Sherlock watched.  His clothes were almost soaked through, his hair flat and dripping.  But the rain was uncharacteristically warm, and he didn't want to ruin the kid's fun.
“So what should we do now?”
he needed him.  And he'd never make the mistake of assuming Sherlock didn't know that.
John glared at him.  "That isn't funny, Sherlock.  Where were you?"
'As soon as we wake up. I promise.'
'She apologised.  Seems like everyone is apologising to me since I've gotten back.  I don't understand.'
'Goodnight.'
'Why?'
'That kind of thinking only leads down dark roads. It's good to take responsibility for your actions but not to the point where you're blaming yourself for everything bad that happens to you.'
Back in the sitting room, Mary's eyebrows were raised after observing the event.  "Is he alright?"
After dinner, Dennison sat on Sherlock's bed playing with some plastic peopple while Sherlock sat beside him working on his laptop.  He thought it was about time to put Dennison to bed when he got a text.
And the look of scorn was back. Sherlock probably would have growled, if he could. 'Yes. Parson gave me pills to help me sleep.'
.  He contemplated getting up and putting Sherlock on the bed for a more comfortable sleep, but he didn't want to risk waking him.  Not to mention he was pretty exhausted himself, having spent practically the entire day worried about him.  So he just stayed there with him and waited for sleep to claim him as well.
“He said ‘yes.’” John replied.
"It's a bit rude, though," she continued.  "You could try to get to know me.  But you won't even talk to me.  Instead you pass me a note like we're schoolchildren."
He didn't move.
He went to Sherlock's bedroom door, seeing it cracked open.  He knocked softly.  "Sherlock?"  He whispered in case Sherlock proved to be asleep.
“Great,” Dr. West said. “I’ll see you two soon. Have a good day.”
Sherlock nodded.  Most people took him to be the sort of person who disliked children.  But he had nothing against them.  They were often more honest than adults, and more inclined to use their brains.  Still, he wasn't exactly sure what to do with him.
“What about me?”
"Not unusual for him, I'm afraid," Mycroft reminded him.
"Is there anything else I should know about him?" she asked after a few seconds of silence.  "He's your friend, and I'm your girlfriend, so I think we should be able to get along."
“Ignore it,” she said softly, pulling him back.
"It's fine, really," John promised.
“Did you really think I wouldn't figure it out eventually, Sherlock?  I saw the bandage that night... I didn't know what it was then but when Dennison mentioned the mirror and you got upset...When's the last time you did it?”
"Go ahead."  Parson's arms swept open, inviting him to do as he pleased.  "Maybe you can get him to do his stretches."
“Well, I, er… just wanted to say that I’m glad to see you again, Sherlock. Really.  And we could always use your help, you know. I’d be happy to translate for you. Maybe I could even teach Dr. Watson some sign language.”
“Hey!” Dennison said as he walked in.
He let John pour some of the water into his mouth.  When had it become so dry?
Sherlock finally turned toward Sally and signed, ‘Niece?’
Then he felt guilt bubble up in his chest because that was not how he wanted to feel toward his friend.  He didn't want to feel like Sherlock didn't deserve to fall in love, because he did, he deserved anything he wanted.  John was just... confused.
“Don’t I get one from you, too?” He asked John.
Sherlock blinked, refocusing his vision.  'You startled me. I was a bit dizzy, but I'm fine now,' he signed in response.
Sherlock shrugged, leaning to the side and holding his head up with his arm.
John watched them go for a moment. “Sherlock, are we friends with Donovan now?”
'You should not be so quick to trust me.'
Dennison shook his head with a pout. John giggled as he watched them from the sideline.
“And I suppose our table is the one in the corner, next to theirs.”
are here, John,“ Sherlock said after a while, glaring at the other man like he was the only source of light in the world. “And you had made me interested again, in fact you made me yearn for this kind of contact more than I’ve ever wanted it before,“ he said, leaning so close to John their lips brushed. “John, I couldn’t have even properly understood any of these things before I met you. You made me feel true love for the first time in my life and thanks to you I turned into this sentimental
Yes. I am going home.
SHERLOCK
“N-not exactly,“ John stuttered, realising how stupid he must’ve looked staring at Sherlock like that. “I just –
Captivated by the sight, John can feel his cock throbbing in his already uncomfortably tight pants. He hurries to unbuckle his belt but Sherlock beats him to it and quickly helps him undress, discarding his clothes onto the pile on the floor. His eyes immediately drop to John's crotch, filled with lust that he is unable to conceal, but he doesn't get to stare for long.
(sharply)
DR. MASON
,“ Sherlock bawled. “I just fear you’re purposefully omitting one pretty relevant detail, John. What if that baby
Various shots of busy London streets in the early morning.
Sherlock predicted that Mary must be already there. Maybe hiding behind one of the corners, ready to kill without Sherlock even noticing where did the bullet come from. In that case, John would have to make another speech at his grave but this time Sherlock wouldn’t have a chance to grant another miracle for him.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“Pain?“
You really don't want to hear why.
as you can see, thanks to you I now comprehend what loving someone so wholeheartedly means.“
to hear you speak Spanish.”
John shook his head. “Trust me that I have
, Mrs Hudson,“ Sherlock pleaded.
Cut to the guests, right side, front row - Sherlock's mother and father, smiling proudly.
Me? I didn't do anything.
“Hmm,“ Sherlock ran a thumb over his lips as if he was in a deep thought. “So we couldn’t leave Baker Street until you and your men got rid of Mary, right? Means we’re going to be stuck in here forever,“ Sherlock quipped, getting elbowed in ribs by John right afterwards.
Were this a real relationship, John would most likely lean in for a sweet little kiss to seal the deal. Make that
“What do you mean?“
MRS. HUDSON
A bit embarrassed, Dr. Mason focuses on her notes again.
“Oh, shush,” John snorts and gently smacks Sherlock's chest. “You're just... fucking perfect, okay?”
“Of course I didn't
“You shouldn’t be here, John,“ Sherlock warned him, but there was no use as it seemed.
“So what?“ Sherlock inhaled sharply once John freed his hand from underneath him and stroked his flushed cheek.
But John lost already too much blood and what was probably even worse, he was still not coming back to himself. Sherlock heard a siren in the distance, but he could tell that it was probably already too late. It didn’t make him stop however, he was keep trying to pump a life into John’s body, he refused to stop, he was willing to spend the rest of his life saving that of John’s if it was necessary.
Of course we won't be needing two bedrooms.
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
And... Do you remember what you said to me?
Oh, John, don't be silly. Of course he will. He'll be ecstatic to marry you. Remember how excited he was to plan your first wedding? And he wasn't even the one you were getting married to!
(to John)
“What?“ John cut him off, shortening the distance between them. “Make up for something? Sherlock, I told you, there is no need, it’s not your fault that I got shot. You owe me nothing.“
The moment the detective stepped into the poorly lit room, his eyes darted over the plush chair, chair in which John sat just hours before the incident. Sherlock groaned at the mere sight of it.
what she wants. She’s just trying to… intimidate me,“ John snarled, putting the mug aside in fear of not handling the situation very well. Mary was the last person he wanted to talk about in the middle of making what was probably the most important decision of his life. He hesitated, still unsure whether to drag Sherlock into such a mess his own life with Mary had been, but then his phone beeped again, once, twice, John could’ve as well erupt if he didn’t talk about what had been bothering him for such a long time already.
Sherlock’s lips quiver. ‘
, John thinks, because why would Sherlock do that? Such a small display of affection, nobody saw it anyway. Unless Sherlock didn’t do it for the audience... no,
Suddenly, a sound of footsteps approaching fast, coming from the distance. Cacophony of voices. Guards. The two men exchange a look. Without hesitation, they grab the bags, then storm out of the place.
She heads for the door and in an instant-
?” John can barely hear Sherlock over the sound of his heart thudding inside his chest.
“Okay.”
’s what I am here for?“ Sherlock’s eyes squinted. “You've found out that I have discovered all of your secrets and so you lured me out
“Sherlock, we can’t come back empty-handed, what are we going to tell his nephew, hm?” John tries again, and this time Sherlock does reply, but doesn’t seem to be fazed in the slightest.
The man who's going to ruin your life... Oh, by the way - you're arrested. I hope it didn't fly over your head.
Hurts. Thank God I got out with a mere scratch... And you? You're okay, right?
Mrs. Merrilow knocks on the door.
. I feel much better now. Sherlock, you make
,“ John remarked, chortling.
“I’ve been tidying up a little,“ Sherlock nonchalantly waved his hand but then his eyes twinkled up like fairy lights upon noticing John’s half-astounded, half-shocked face. “Have you seen the kitchen yet? I cleaned the fridge.“
On Mycroft: mildly confused.
“You just said so yourself. One can hardly resist to, listening to such music
. Definitely not a criminal material, John. His nephew must be pretty paranoid to think so.”
so you can leave her and your daughter.“
JOHN (CONT'D)
SHERLOCK
to look enamoured anyway.
“God, you’re so naive, Sherlock,“ Mary hissed, grip around her gun tightening. “You expect I am not going to shoot you?“
MRS. MERRILOW
What... what just happened?
You should ask her out.
Yeah. That's exactly what I had in mind.
A beat.
He puts the mug away, pulls out the phone from his pocket. Acting nonchalantly, but in fact, he's trying to conceal how worried he's getting.
. You
“More tongue, Sherlock,“ John mumbled in between the kisses, now lying on top of Sherlock, cupping his cheeks and sucking on his lower lip. The way he moaned against Sherlock’s mouth after their tongues finally rolled against each other’s was positively sinful. Sherlock let John to take the lead, to guide him, to
“Yes.”
John doesn’t have to ask what that implies. His heart starts racing at the mere thought. “You’re talking about...
Sherlock lets out a long, dramatic sigh but at the end of it, he smiles. “You really
“I can hear your breath is quickening, you’re squirming, John. Tell me, seriously, since when is
(looks around the room)
Sherlock, please.
His left hand quickly darts to finally,
, only you, Sherlock,“ one more, this time right on lips. It’s a kiss that lingers, and the longer it does the deeper it is. Once they pull back again, it’s only to lock their eyes again, feeling their smiles dropping slightly as they finally fully realise the heavy impact of the moment and what inevitable changes it promises to make in their lives.
John almost choked on the air he was about to inhale once Sherlock cooed against his lips. Those few simple words were echoing in his ears like a chant, over and over again, never piping down.
But... He's going to be okay, right?
SHERLOCK
“I beg your pardon?” Sherlock scowls, trying his best at playing dumb.
Hearing Sherlock hum, quietly, happily, John can’t help but smile against his lips. Not breaking their kiss, he tightens the grip around Sherlock’s waist before lifting him up high, just for a moment to show him and the entire world how ecstatic he truly feels. Sherlock squeaks in surprise but before he’s able to even realise what’s happening he’s back on the ground.
“Not actually a case,“ Sherlock prolapsed. “I’ve been shamelessly procrastinating in these past few days and so now I’ll have to work for days and nights straight without taking any break-“
John doesn't know. He takes a step forward, sits on the chair at the desk.
(cheeky)
The vicar now gives an introduction speech.
She hurries away and out of the room.
“There’s nothing pathetic about anxieties, John.“
SHERLOCK
“That's
time you barely survived and you’re damn lucky none of your ribs are fractured. If the bullet hit you just an inch-“
CUT TO:
John didn’t hesitate to close the distance between them again. This time it was Sherlock hugging him first, allowing both John and himself to finally cry and weep loudly and let the stream of tears fall down their cheeks for a couple of long, long moments.
John, walking down the hallway. Once in the sitting room, he puts the phone next to his ear. He's keeping his voice down, a tad anxious.
“Yes, I am well aware of that. That's why I wanted to
(gasps)
Um, yes, I... Yes.
for supercilious individuals. It's galling. What are they all doing here?”
“No, no, don’t be,“ Sherlock cut him, desperately crumpling the front of John’s shirt. “Don’t stop, don’t you dare to stop, John. Go on, I want…
John chuckles. “That’s charming of you to say but you can’t be doing this forever, Sherlock.“
On John, standing in the doorway, wavering, his face sorrowful. Carefully, he closes the door behind him, just stands there, watching Sherlock.
Sherlock - another glance at John, crying for help.
Immediately, he leaps from his bed, bursting through the door into-
John looks him up and down, then smirks. “You look... fine to me.”
SHERLOCK
John gave him a telling look, cutting him short before Sherlock was able to finish his question.
Sherlock could have only guess why Mary chose this rather a strange place to meet up with him at. There could’ve been wide number of reasons, detective has been toying with few possibilities, but each one seemed to be a part of such an improbable scenario that he’d rather stopped dwelling about this topic for any longer.
John had prepared a quip but Sherlock very quickly succeeded in making him forget how to speak for a while. Now there was only one thought left on John’s mind. Take the rest of Sherlock’s clothes off and push him inside the shower corner, just as he had been planning to do since the moment he’d found out that there was one rather large in their hotel room.
something on him, but without any evidence...”
“I got a call at night, not so long after you went back to sleep,“ Sherlock continued upon receiving no reaction from John. His doctor simply kept on listening to him in silence while ever so carefully cleaning his wounds.
“What about
“I just got a mail,“ Sherlock snarled.
But neither of them moved. In fact, neither of them dared to say another word until Sherlock averted his eyes again, anxiously squirming in his chair.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock froze confused upon hearing those words, almost as if he was just petrified in spot. “That’s not true, what are you talking about?“ he blinked at John, sharp, surly face softening around the edges all of a sudden. “It wasn’t
DR. MASON
“What a shocking revelation,“ Sherlock scoffed, rolling his eyes. “I had hoped you would provide a more thoughtful analysis, brother.“
Of course we're not. She's going to take your old bedroom.
MRS. MERRILOW
Close up on a bag of frozen human fingers being dropped on the kitchen counter.
MRS. HUDSON
Which is why John looks positively horrified when he takes a glance at the alarm clock and notices the big flashing 2:14 on the screen.
for putting you first so she can keep me far away from you. Just because it's not convenient to her when I am with you. It's what selfish people like her do. Manipulate because they believe they
On John. Sighs. Really doesn't want to hear any of that.
. Sherlock, listen, I’ve lost you so many times, I
SHERLOCK
Ah... yes. I suppose I owe you a word of thanks.
“Forty seven hours and sixteen minutes I estimate,“ Sherlock mumbled.
SHERLOCK
John throws a couple of furtive glances at him, at first simply smiling, because the crinkle that appears above Sherlock’s nose when he’s ruminating is just plain
Good. I'll be downstairs, don't take too long. I don't want Lestrade to get suspicious.
On Sherlock, he draws a long breath, as if to buy some time before responding.
... in
On Mrs. Hudson's troubled face then back on John - he doesn't have the heart to tell her the whole truth.
that everything was alright, as it should be, John was there with him in present, but Sherlock’s ingenious brain happened to be his enemy in that case. Just a few seconds ago his mind was full of Mary, full of plans and schemes and
“J-John, they-they were ab-about to-“
“Of course not,“ Sherlock affirmed. “Come on, ask,“ he requested.
“What are you doing? It’s not very nice to keep me waiting here when my pants are getting so uncomfortable, John.“
“If-if you want me to.“
“Whatever. Still quite a disturbing place, if I do say so myself,“ Sherlock uttered, pulling out a fake smile. He had to hide the fact that he was more than just a little nervous and being his usual cheeky self was apparently the only way how to achieve that.
(he lowers his head, flustered)
NURSE FERGUSON
mind, John,“ he smiles again, into John's skin.
, it’s alright now, I got you-“
So John could’ve as well simply get up and help him with his investigations, instead of trying to fall asleep perforce. He didn’t need any time to think twice. As soon as the notion crossed his mind, he kicked away the sheets and grabbed his gown, lazily hobbling toward the door afterwards.
Of course I did. It was about damn time I returned home, don't you think?
Well, I wouldn't be that sure, but anyway... Er, I wanted to talk about a bit more serious things.
On John and Sherlock, still kissing. Sherlock has ignored the ring but John - his eyes fly wide open. Hastily, he rolls away from Sherlock, kicks the covers away, springs out of the bed.
My brain feels fogged, I need to clear it. Distract myself from thinking about what happened. Once and for all. Or at least until I learn how to cope with it.
“Then
“Of course
was the one who was supposed to ask these kind of questions and yet, despite being in such a bad place himself, John didn’t stop proving himself to be the most caring and considerate person under the sun.
, as long as you’ll have
“There’s no use lying to me, Sherlock, I know you better than yourself. You claim your heart is not important, yet when it comes to John you-“
John however has been fed up, he had enough already, his voice was hoarse and thick with anger as he confronted Sherlock.
“How would you know what I am thinking of?“ Sherlock squinted. What started as an innocent game suddenly turned into a far more serious debate.
Sherlock rocked his hips, rubbing their cocks so urgently so to let John know there was no use hesitating. He was so focused on John’s groin hedidn’t even manage to realise that John was already reaching for the faucet, turning on the water before quickly returning back to kissing under Sherlock’s chin.
“What I
... dream.
Experiments?
“That doesn’t count,“ Sherlock objected, sadly shaking his head, knowing exactly what John was about to remind him of. “No kiss I’ve ever received or gave ever counted, not least any I’ve received from
MS. RONDER
Seriously?
Sherlock, you don't have to-
Sherlock stiffens for a second, his lower lip wobbling feebly and eyes welling up with tears but knowing it’s the sorrow and frustration ruling John’s mind, he doesn’t blame him nor he plans to give up and walk away. Right opposite actually.
Now, Sherlock does let go of John, pulls away, blinking rapidly. Looks a little as if unable to comprehend what's happening.
Well, that... was...
SHERLOCK
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
(smiles to herself)
“W-well,“ Sherlock cleared his throat, nearly out of breath by the time John shortened the distance between their faces, leaving only a couple of inches between their lips. Sherlock felt his cheeks burning, he was glad for the light in the room being so dim so John couldn’t notice. At least he thought John couldn’t.
“Don't. Just... don't.”
“I bet you’re not going to mourn for very long. As soon as you get an interesting case on your hands you’re going to make a mess out of this room in ten seconds flat.“
John gasped, stuttering throughout his reply. “Sherlock, you – you can’t just apply the same... listen, you can’t even compare Mary to yourself. First of all, I am pretty sure that she knows exactly how much she's hurting me, she's not - God, Sherlock, what-what can be Mary
What?
It's the lamest of excuses John could think of, but right now, he
- Dr. Mason enters, closes the door behind her.
?“ Sherlock tilts his head. “As in… you…
, Mr. Holmes. And I need your help to prove it.” He breaks the eye contact for a split of a moment then leans forward, lowering his voice as he speaks. “I don't know what
“Go away, please,“ John hisses, not even throwing a glance at Sherlock. Sherlock freezes halfway toward his chair but for John’s own good he must ignore his pleas. Leaving him alone in such a miserable state is not an option Sherlock’s willing to choose.
MRS. HUDSON
. In fact, he should do that regardless, he thinks, but it seems that Sherlock’s attention has already been diverted.
Yeah, I did want to turn the room into a lab, but-
SHERLOCK
“Well, I’ve never been blindfolded either and yet here I am, wondering why for
MARY (V.O.)
It took no more than a few more thrusts before Sherlock’s body shuddered around John, his cock throbbing between them, slapping against John’s belly as John rocked his hips, fucking him throughout his climax that flooded Sherlock’s entire body with waves of pleasure. Sherlock came untouched, crying John’s name out, panting and groaning in ecstasy but still goading John even more, even after his voice completely gave in. He felt his heart hammering inside his chest, his come dripping quickly down his thighs and John’s legs and stomach but the only thing he could truly focus on once finally coming back to himself was John talking dirty to him, looking down between their bodies, at his own cock entering and pulling out of Sherlock fast before he released inside him.
Footsteps, then suddenly, a tall figure appears behind her.
“Hey, are you okay?“
Sherlock? Sherlock, love, it's been like three minutes. Say something, please.
(nods)
What?! No! No, never, I... Ah, come here.
“People
“I hope you don’t mind, Sherlock.“ His voice dropped low, a husky, rough whisper into Sherlock’s ear that made his heart race.
“Sherlock, just because you’re done making your way into a trap… God, that doesn’t mean you’re safe,“ John uttered. “Think about all those messages. She clearly wants you dead, whatever the cost.“
“Don’t look at me like that, Sherlock, you are the genius here,“ she grumbled, stomping off the flat.
wasn’t sure where I was going to end up.“
SHERLOCK
They had talked neither about the shooting, nor about what they confessed. But the presence of those heavy unspoken words hovered in the air between, like a stark reminder that they couldn’t keep this subject buried forever.
CUT TO:
Even if I had the faintest idea where she could be I don't see why it's relevant. She's no longer your concern.
“What’s truly important for me now is that you get enough sleep, so-“ John beckoned toward the bedroom. “I’ll be here if you need anything.“
Sherlock - eyes wide. A deer in the headlights.
This time it should be a tad more needy and passionate - John grabs Sherlock by his waist and pulls him closer; Sherlock walks them closer to the bed-
was purely experimental. A part of our cover.”
“Y-yes, but... truth be told after all that had happened I completely forgot - w-why didn’t you tell me about the pool?“ John felt betrayed for a second.
SHERLOCK
(shakes her head)
Panning along with John as he enters-
true.“ Taking a deep breath, Sherlock lifts his hands to cradle John’s face, his trembling fingers sliding down John’s crimson cheeks, caressing ever so tenderly. John can feel his heart beating fast and vigorous. He could as well melt beneath Sherlock's fingers, were it not for the struggle to believe his words.
Another heartbeat. John's voice, echoing now as we-
... Until they close their eyes and lock their lips in a kiss. Holding onto that moment for a few long seconds. It's very, very gentle and soft but an incredibly emotional first kiss.
John just smiles. Somehow, it frustrates Sherlock.
On Sherlock, breaking the eye contact.
“Our car’s arrived,“ Sherlock uttered, beckoning toward the black vehicle parked just a couple of feet away. He rose up, supporting John with one hand, his baggage in the other one and no words on his lips. John opened his mouth to say something, but before he managed to, Sherlock was already hauling him inside of the car.
He lets out a sigh, slightly embarrassed.
about you, John,“ Sherlock sighs again, deeply. “I want to take care of you and I will, I promise. Your well-being is my top priority. Whatever it is you need, whenever, always, I'll be here to help you walk this path. “
He was doing it on purpose, John was very well aware, but it wasn't his place to give him lessons. God knows what was going through Sherlock Holmes' mind, especially now that they hadn't seen each other for so long. Speaking of which, Sherlock seemed to have changed more than his habits...
“I’ll start as soon as you have a cup of tea and a proper snack. You need it after what nasty gruels they fed you in the hospital.“
“Yeah… I do,“ Sherlock nodded, propping himself up on his elbow. “Thank you. For being there with me,“ he added, his voice much softer than a while ago. “If you weren’t by my side… I don’t know, I would have probably gone nuts. It was… terrifying.“
(looks away)
“Trust me, she is capable of
Instead of a reply John let out a frustrated sigh, kicking the blanket away before he reached to grab his trousers, attempting to try to put them on while taking fast, clumsy steps toward Sherlock.
Sherlock... Sherlock, look at me. Please.
I already moved back, Sherlock.
“But I-“ Sherlock was about to raise an objection but in the end he’d rather admit that what John proposed was actually a much better idea. “Fine, as you wish,“ he exhaled, leaning in for another kiss. “Just-just hold me,
“Everything all right?“ John asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
John, take notes.
About two hours ago. All he told me was to let you sleep. He said he'd be back before you wake up.
As he looks up, he sees that John's already reached for his phone and is typing.
worried-“
As soon as John stopped fantasising about the things he was eventually about to do to Sherlock, he realised that Sherlock was in fact fumbling with the buttons of his jeans already, as if he could read his mind.
CUT TO:
“Oh, yes,
Mrs. Hudson gives him a suspicious look, asks no more questions though. Turns on her heels, leaves.
John sniffs, listening to Sherlock talking like this, hurts. His voice breaks.
SHERLOCK
Don't think I didn't hear you.
“Are we?”
Unknown number.
Sherlock found himself gawking at John for a brief while, for his tone was somewhat harsh and full of disappointment. He didn't comprehend yet, still persuading his own perplexed self that he was right, that Mary was the best that could happen to John, that she had changed because of him, taking no risks anymore. John chose her after all. It was meant to be that way or so Sherlock thought, having a hard time understanding why John was acting so oddly all of a sudden, talking about Mary as if he felt nothing but hatred toward her. Even though judging from the facts, he seemed to have more than one valid reason now.
pretty sure she's acting like that because I spend more time with you but if she was truly so
At last, Sherlock puts down the phone to look at John instead. His voice is oddly soft and somewhat reassuring even. “Don’t worry. I don’t expect you to participate in anything you'd deem uncomfortable. We don’t even have to hold hands. If... you don’t want to.” Sherlock clears his throat, lowering his eyes as if to avoid John’s gaze. A faint touch of pink tints his cheeks.
SHERLOCK
The client chair - An eccentric man in his 40s sitting in it. John and Sherlock sitting in their respective armchairs.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
On Sherlock: Gulps, shuts his eye tight as if trying not to cry.
It's not at all uncommon that patients in a coma dream. These dreams, however, tend to be strange and unpleasant and the worst of all - terrifyingly realistic.
“Oh come on, I presume that if you didn’t perform a CPR on me, my body would be already rotting ten feet under ground.“
“I’ve never said he does,“ Mary snorted. “All I wanted to was to see that face of yours in the moment your own weapon turns against you.
“That wasn't my intention.”
(affronted)
Hm. A valid point.
; I still can’t believe I’ve done this.“
MS. RONDER
“Yes, but, judging from the faces you’re making and your own words, it still hurts, “Sherlock pointed out warily, not even trying to hide the tone of worry.
, John has to admit. To himself, that is.
As soon as they descend the stairs, Sherlock grabs John’s coat first before slipping into his own, holding it open for John to put on. John flashes him another mildly amused smile, but this time he doesn’t reprove him.
, he thought to himself, it was just a piece of old furniture, yet indescribably valuable. For Sherlock it was probably the most treasured element that could be found in the flat, naturally, unless John was around.
Sherlock, chuckles.
Eight heists... I'd almost consider it six at this point. Almost.
At this they both chuckle. John cups Sherlock's face, Sherlock puts his hands on John's waist, kisses him again.
“No, I am fine.”
Are you expecting another client?
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Sherlock finally found her - Mary. She smirked and stepped into the light of Sherlock’s phone he was using in change of a flash-light, circling around him and looking him down as if he was a prey and she a predator which could predict its every move. Sherlock felt vulnerable and Mary knew it. It was all a game, a mouse and a cat where Mary was simultaneously both – a mouse which was trying to hide and provoke a cat to find her, but once she succeeded, she turned into a cat herself and Sherlock was just a tiny rodent, quivering under the pressure of her deadly gaze.
anyone to love. No one has ever made me feel like you. So… alive and worthy and cherished for who I am. I’ve never felt like that before. Everybody… hated me. And I thought they had the right,“ he bowed his head sadly, a sight that made John’s heart ache.
A heavy sigh escapes John's throat, but he seems to be relieved, in a way.
Of course, all good, everything's perfectly fine. I couldn't be happier.
John, contemplative, he walks around the bed.
Once he finally reached the first floor he was surprised to find Sherlock in the sitting room, turned away so he seemed to be gazing through the window again.
“Th-thank you, I guess?“ he tilted his head in plain astonishment, wondering whether Sherlock realised what he’d just done, he couldn’t be sure, not when Sherlock didn’t even leave him any room to ask.
(A beat)
John, carrying two shopping bags, is climbing the stairs. Pushes open the door to the flat.
“If you’re concerned I may get high and accidentally overdose just because my brother has died then I can assure you that I have no such intentions, John. I am... fine.“
Mrs. Merrilow leads Sherlock and John upstairs, then down a tight, narrow corridor. They stop in front of an old, vintage looking door.
He's going to be fine, Mrs. Hudson. It's all going to be fine.
Each time you accused me of being in love with Irene Adler. Yes. Clearly, I wasn't trying hard enough either.
“You’ve missed our door.”
“Jesus, you’re such a cheesy, soppy mess. Stop taking the piss.“
I said I should go and get some... milk.
LESTRADE
“L-lovely? Since when?“
Dead?
“Well,“ Sherlock turned off the water, leaving the rest of the dishes lying untouched in the sink. “You do realise that tonight we’re about to sleep by each other’s side, right?“ he turned to John with a suggestive, yet still a shy smile. “
I don't think I do.
MRS. HUDSON
John is putting a tea bag into the mug: Can't help but smile at Sherlock.
Don't. Remind me. of The Woman.
And he disappears through the door.
You don't have to worry about me, John. I'll be right here, waiting for you.
A wide shot of John and Sherlock. They're walking leisurely, hand in hand, down the street. Wearing coats over their wedding suits.
?“ he leaned forward with a smirk, planting a sloppy kiss over Sherlock’s neck. He then proceeded to nip and suckle on his Adam’s apple, drawing deep rumbles from his throat in return.
VICAR
your fault. Mary pulled the trigger, not you. If anything... you saved my life.
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
Drink your tea, John, you don't want it to turn cold.
“I don’t understand. I’ve already told you I am on Mary’s track and you weren’t nearly as infuriated. What are you suggesting?“ Sherlock frowned. “Am I supposed to never leave the flat? Tell Mrs Hudson to lock the two of us in here from outside and throw away the key afterwards?“
“Generous, but this one’s for
?“ John snorts.
. I know you’re groping in the dark, I know how insecure you feel, but not all is lost, John. I am not trying to persuade you, nor pressure you, you were right after all, it’s
John picks the other ring, puts it on Sherlock's finger.
“But that means another set of stairs.“
special day. It’s not every day we accidentally end up on a date, is it?“ he giggles.
(takes a step forward)
They didn’t talk about Mary either. Sherlock mentioned her on several occasions but in no other relations than how to hunt her down. He was getting closer to her, but she was still a step ahead of him, each time he thought he was about to catch her she simply slipped through his fingers like a gust. John didn’t seem to care however, he would be actually glad if Sherlock finally gave up on her and engaged himself in a proper case, he didn’t have a one in months.
He's vaguely aware that Sherlock has just climbed onto the bed and flopped on top of him and is kissing his neck but it's not until a solid minute later that he actually comes back to himself.
sort?“
On John, at the kitchen counter, preparing breakfast - eggs, toasts, tea. He seems to be relaxed.
SHERLOCK
John immediately slipped his tongue in between Sherlock’s lips, tracing a line over his teeth, swirling around and rubbing against Sherlock’s warm tongue and so creating a delicious friction. Sherlock had already learnt the art of kissing, much to John’s and his own please and delight. It took him a lot of time but John eventually managed to teach him, show him some tricks and guide him through the process of learning.
do they are stupid, John,“ Sherlock says. “The only ones who are ugly are those who allow some pathetic prejudice and social constructs to influence their opinion of others. That’s
“You wouldn’t understand, John,“ Sherlock snapped, “I can’t expect you to. I’ve spent years living this life,
tell that my heart... belonged to someone else.”
away, your entire life even just because, because of what... me?“ Sherlock blinked, not quite believing he dared to make such an assumption aloud since he was still too stubborn to admit the possibility that he understood John correctly. He must have been deluding himself, he was sure of it, and yet it didn't prevent him from continuing. It was too late to stop his agitated self.
Oh my God.
John held Sherlock tight in his arms, lazily rubbing their bare chests together while Sherlock dipped his fingers into the skin of John’s back and carefully ran up to his nape then down his spine again, only so he would not leave a patch of skin untouched. Sherlock’s hands were so delicate, so soft and tender that John couldn’t help but smile against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock maybe needed weeks to be taught how to kiss, but he sure knew how to use his hands, or at least how to make John hum pleasantly around his tongue.
this, John. I don’t understand what’s happened. You were finally about to get the life you’ve always yearned for, a wife, a family. All I wanted for you was to be… content and happy. I thought you were about to have all that with Mary, but here you are, telling me she's deliberatedly treating you worse than a piece of dirt. I-I-I suppose it would be foolish of me, asking for forgivness now that I've made you believe your feelings mattered less, but know that I thought you were just misunderstanding just because I believed that she had become someone else, someone better, buried her villainous self
Sherlock's eyes go to the carpet. He shudders.
Sure? Sherlock, you don't have to lie to me.
Mary seemed to be caught off by the fact that John learnt the truth. Yet there was no sign of remorse on her stone cold gloomy face, nothing but sheer contempt.
John blinks. “What do you mean?”
“You’re not going to say anything?“ John asked after five minutes of insufferable silence.
, you don’t feel like
And what about him?
Just as their lips touched, Sherlock plain froze for a second there but quickly enough perceived again and immediately started kissing back. They could have been kissing for half an hour and wouldn't realise, completely immersed in the moment. John gently wiped Sherlock's tears away as they kissed, while Sherlock grabbed the lapels of John's shirt and pulled him down on the sofa. It wasn't until much later that they broke the kiss but even once after they did, they couldn't stop brushing their lips and noses.
Sherlock was compelled to laugh.  But instead he walked over to him and scooped him up, smiling at the look of surprise on the boy's face.  He carried him inside, focusing on keeping his balance.
And for a week John wasn't sure why he'd said that.  Yes, he was angry at Sherlock, but all he'd been hoping, wishing,
Dennison just continued to look at him, confusion all over his face.
a non-human.  And it took your suicide and then your miraculous return from the dead to show them that."
'Might have been better.'
"You could have phoned me, I wouldn't have minded," John said.  Because he really wouldn't have.  Mary may be his first girlfriend since Sherlock's return, but she wouldn't be the last.  Sherlock would interrupt him and she would eventually break up with him.  He'd accepted that.
"Sherlock," he said, voice scratchy from sleep.  He rubbed his eyes.  "What are you doing?"
'I don't want it to.  I am looking out for you.'
'I see.  Not taking it well?'
“What do you mean? We don't really talk that much.”
Lestrade's mouth opened in shock.  "He can't..." He looked back toward Sherlock, but he'd already left the flat.
John shrugged in a large movement.  "I really have no idea.  First he said his brother was sending him on family business, then he told me he was going to clear his head.  But he never really told me what he'd be doing over there.  And he took that Dr. Parson with him.  I don't understand why he didn't ask me.  I'm a doctor."
"Nothing," John said.  "We didn't have anything planned, and this is your last night here, so I'm spending it with you."
“He got you to take a sleeping med?”
“You don’t know that.”
Sherlock glared at him, unbelieving.
Quickly Sherlock stepped out of John’s reach and joined the boy down in the mud. Dennison climbed on top of him and smeared a clump onto Sherlock’s face.
It took a few seconds for John to respond. And when he did, all he could manage was a soft, sad, “Oh.”
The morning brought another video chat with John. Sherlock hadn't gone back to sleep that night, instead moving to his desk and allowing Dennison to spread out and take up the entire bed. He hadn't expected such a small person to be able to take up so much room.
'Could be a week,' Sherlock wrote on his pad.  'Could be permanent.  It depends on the state of things.'
He did.  When he saw Sherlock had hardly even looked at the food, he stopped eating and crossed his arms, looking up at Sherlock.
John took a deep breath.  "I'm... here to talk to Sherlock."
Sherlock's response was a dramatic shrug.
Sherlock nodded.  Really, there was no point in arguing.
'It's for the best.'
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock woke up startled. Once he realised where he was, though, his heart rate slowed down.
Sherlock's gaze momentarily migrated from the picture on the screen to the cracked-open door. 'Ask him yourself, he's coming to check up on me.'
"Do you want help walking?"
“Right you are. Even though he doesn’t like to admit he needs help sometimes.”
'My destination hasn't been decided yet.  Duration is indefinite.'
After they finished, Parson quickly fell asleep.
Mycroft sighed.  He didn't want Sherlock to remove himself from John.  Dr. Watson had kept him healthy, had given him a reason to come home alive.  But Mycroft didn't know how to handle these other things.  These things that caused Sherlock pain.  He hadn't experienced them himself, and so he, for once, couldn't be sure what was the right thing to do now.  "I'll look into it."
“Thank you.”
"Yes, but I didn't know about it, did I?" John asked loudly.  "You can't just leave me like this again."
He wanted to begin unpacking.  He hadn't abandoned his plan of shutting out the world for a few days.  But a few more hours of delay wouldn't make that much difference.  'Lead the way.'
Since he hadn't taken the sleeping pills that night, it wasn't difficult to stay up while he watched Dennison sleep.
"Is he alright?" she asked simultaneously with Lestrade.
“No, I want to stay up with you and John.”
Sherlock shrugged and put the violin down. “Doesn't matter, does it?” He stood and walked to the sofa. John lifted his feet so Sherlock could sit, then lowered them down onto his lap. “I made you breakfast,” he said, nodding to the table.
'My cousin.'
'I just decided to come.'
“What are you two up to, then?”
Mycroft shook his head, as close to an unknowing shrug as the man could get.  "I think he's just trying to make the pain stop.  But I'm not sure it's ever going to, no matter the distance."  Yes, Mycroft had warned him.  But seeing his little brother suffering didn't, for once, make him want to say 'I told you so'.  It just made him want to see the pain go away.
Which he did with a small smile.  Just like that, they'd made up.  John was still upset, but mostly at himself.  He thought maybe he just didn't know what to do with this new information, this new knowledge about Sherlock and his apparently expanded emotional capacity.
'I don't need a chaperone.  Where I was is my business.'
John awoke the next morning to the sound of a door closing.  Not quite a slam, but deliberately loud enough to cause him to stir.  He hurried out of his room in his pyjamas and flew down the steps, just in time to see Sherlock taking off his jacket.
'I'm getting worried...'
There was another bench across from Dennison's, but Sherlock decided to sit next to him.
Sherlock signed back to him, slowly, letting him take in the movements.
“Okay, then I'll stay packed.”
John had sent Sherlock a text shortly after their chat was cut off. 'Is something wrong?' it said.
Sherlock moved further back onto the bed, using one hand to help himself balance and clasping the other onto Parson's waist so their bodies wouldn't separate while he found a comfortable position.
He breathed a silent sigh and laid back, letting his eyes take in all the blues and oranges above them.
I didn't mean for this chapter to be so short (trust me, I have every last detail planned out) but the end just seemed like it needed to have a pause bigger than a section break so yeah.  Chapter 8 is almost done though, so that will be posted either later tonight or sometime tomorrow.
“Is John going to rest with us?”
John's first date with Mary had just been coffee and an hour of polite conversation.
He replied with a request to let him know what time.
The children of the neighboring estates had come around asking Dennison to come out and play games with them.  Although the idea of being alone did not appeal to him, he insisted that the boy should go out if he wanted to.
John nodded.  "I guess it's not the same anymore..."
“You have to be mine too.”
'I'm not well.'
After a few minutes of comfortable silence Sherlock wrote one final thing on the pad.  'I'm going to try to get some sleep.'
Sherlock reached out an arm and drew him into an awkwardly angled hug, holding him close to his chest.
Sherlock looked up to meet John's eyes.
John thought for a moment. “I’m not sure it’s a good idea right now. You just had a terrible nightmare and…"
On his way out, he stopped to ask Mrs. Hudson if she needed anything.
'How are you doing?'
"No, he knows I would.  He knows I'd do anything to help him."
The amused tone in John's voice brought a hint of a smile to Sherlock's lips.  He felt some of the weight lift off him.  But he still had no motivation to move.  'The bed wasn't working.'  He'd decided that if he couldn't fall asleep, he'd just lie there until he passed out.
'Sherlock?'
'Moriarty's people are all dead.  Who do you think killed them?'
He found the garden, stepping through the glass sliding door and into the cool night air, and spotted a small figure sitting on one of the stone benches.
He pushed the door open and looked around the apartment.  It definitely didn't look like he'd only lived there a week.  Sherlock, dressed unusually in a plain white tee and a pair of blue jeans, appeared busy rearranging things.  Packing some into boxes, others into luggage.  "Sherlock," he said again.  But the man didn't stop, didn't turn to look at him.  "It's been a week, why haven't you come back?"
'It's Mary...'
Sherlock smiled at the opportunity. 'My plane leaves tonight.'
'See you soon.'
"I don't understand, are you ignoring me?" he asked Sherlock.  "You must know I'm here, you opened the door for me.  So why are you ignoring me?"
She looked between the two and then at John, who looked just as confused and expectant as Lestrade.  "I don't-"
Sherlock tilted his head, asking for an explanation.
He jumped back, heart pounding with the sudden influx of adrenaline.
'He is.' Sherlock replied.
"Sherlock did?"
'I've been sober for years.'  It was true.  Since John, Sherlock had been drug free, save the occasional cigarette.  But he couldn't blame his brother for worrying.
He replied: 'Sorry. I fell asleep and then Dennison distracted me.'
She looked up at Sally who nodded. She smiled. “Hi, I’m Arielle. Who are you?"
Sherlock nodded and shooed John out the door.  He knew John was worried about him being alone, and even more worried that he would leave the flat alone, but he was tired of being treated like this.
So what was stopping him from ceasing payments to Parson? It wouldn't be because Sherlock requested it; Mycroft rarely sincerely cared what Sherlock wanted or didn't want him to do.
Sherlock crinkled his lips. 'I wouldn't know.'
John sighed and scratched his neck.  He knew something like that was going to happen eventually.  The only thing that surprised him was that it took this long.
“It's good to see you.”
'What danger am I in that you can't tell me about if Moriarty is gone?'
“Valentine's day.”
'I need to be as far away from him as possible right now,' he signed to the boy. 'We won't go far. If something happens, you can run back and get him.'
'I need to have a conversation with him. Will you wait for me outside? I want to take a walk.'
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock pouted now.
John turned around.  "Morning... what are you doing here?"
"I know, I know.  I'll be back later, okay?"
John arrived at Mycroft's home, still unsure of what he wanted to say or do.  The maid who answered the door led him deep into the building, corridors like caves, dimly lit, the only difference being the carpets and framed portraits rather than dirt and ancient paintings on the walls.
'For Mycroft?'
He was no stranger to comforting Sherlock to sleep, but a child might be different.
'Yes.'
“You’ll ruin your clothes,” John warned.
Mycroft was silent for a few seconds before leaning against his desk.  "A lot happened to him.  He broke a lot of bones, took a few too many hits to his skull, and watched many people die by his own hand.  He was captured and tortured, and part of this torture resulted in permanent loss of his vocal chords.  He spent most of his time alone, planning, stalking, and killing.  But, somehow, in the midst of all that, he did something no one would assume he had the ability to do."
“Don’t worry, Sherlock’s finishing them.”
“Have you ever pushed him away?”
After they tucked him in, Sherlock kissed his cheek and patted his head.
'No.'
An announcement from overhead asked passengers to board one final time before takeoff.
Sherlock flicked his hand through the air to say he understood.  His last thoughts before pushing himself into a deep sleep were
He and Dennison were packed just in time to make their flight.
Using the text-chat function to reply, Sherlock typed, 'It's always good to see me.'
He felt a bit pathetic, staying at her place. He'd never invited her to stay at Baker Street, but she'd said she understood. She knew he needed time to adjust.
Mycroft momentarily let his business face dip into a frown.  “I'm sure hes not—”
“You're funny,” he told Sherlock through his laughter.
He shrugged.  "I already speak three languages, learning another one isn't that hard."
Another text came through.  'Sherlock?'
alive
John's face flickered onto the screen.  “Hey,” he greeted.
"At the time that permission was granted, he was under the impression that he'd lost your friendship for good; I doubt it applies now."
“Sherlock when are we going out?”
They sat in silence for a moment. John took the time to look Sherlock over. The picture was jumpy and a bit grainy but he could see Sherlock looked more rested.
“Oh. Oh… Sherlock, you didn’t… fall for some random person you met while you were away. Did you?”
He brought his head up and opened his eyes to look at John.
'I'm not planning anything so drastic.'
In a few minutes the plates were abandoned and they were getting ready for their trip. The cab ride was filled with Dennison chattering excitedly.
"Why isn't he saying anything?"
Sherlock wasted no time in standing away from the table.  He didn't bother putting Dennison down, just held him on his hip as he walked out of the room.
John came out of the kitchen just as his mobile began to ring.  He'd just gotten off the phone, but he answered it when he saw the caller I.D.  "Mycroft?"
“Since it started.”
“He's tired,” Dennison said. “We flew all the way here and he didn't sleep
“Don’t you want your voice back?”
“In a little while. Visiting hours haven’t even started yet.”
Sherlock nodded, unable to think of anything else.  He wasn't so surprised this time when Dennison grabbed his hand as they walked outside.
But he pushed the door open just a crack, and there was Sherlock, face down and completely tangled up in his sheets.  And he was most likely to stay that way for a few more hours, if not for the rest of the day, so John thought it was the perfect time to pay the other Holmes brother a visit.
Before Sherlock could refuse, Dennison stuck his arms in the air and shouted, “I'll do them with you! And John can too! We'll do them with you and then you won't feel silly.”
'No.  I don't have feelings for him.'
going with him?"
Of course he assumed Sherlock had killed them.  But he hadn't actually realised that he had killed them.  He was the one who stopped the killing, or made sure the killer got punished.  And now he was the killer.  Ten, a hundred, a thousand times over?
John stood, the shock of Mycroft's words causing him to short circuit.  His brain rewound the tape, then played it again, and still it said the same thing.
By the time the sun rose, John had actually managed to get some sleep.  He'd dozed off for about an hour on the sofa, the sleep dreamless and constantly interrupted by fits of blurry almost-awakeness.
Dr. Parson nodded.  "His brother insist he bring a medical professional.  And I did treat him for quite a while."
He opened the door, glad to see Dennison and not Parson just yet.
When he heard their door creak open, he jumped up and ran downstairs.
"Norway?" Mary asked when she found out Sherlock had gone.  She'd come to Baker Street to pay them a visit, only to find John sitting alone on the sofa.  "Why?"
“Tell him I say hello.”
“I don't understand.”
John wondered why Sherlock hadn't told him.  He and his brother weren't exactly close, and John was his friend.  And though everyone was entitled to their secrets, he had to wonder why Sherlock neglected to mention this when he'd been so honest about everything else.  Emotions weren't as foreign to him as they once were and-  this was probably why.
“Obviously. You enjoy sweet scents and like to be awakened gently to a room without too much glare from the sun.”
I hope anyone who's been reading this story will read this note.  I've upped the rating from teen to mature and added a warning for graphic violence because of some things that are going to happen (or be referenced, at least) in later chapters.
“Where are you going?” Dennison asked.
Hey guys, sorry it's taken so long for an update.  School is done and I'm settled at home for the summer (and all my medical issues seemed to have calmed down for now), so I should be able to update this every few days like I had been before.
.” Sherlock closed his eyes and connected his forehead to John's. “Just... be mine.”
Mycroft's look grew dark.  “I have tried.  He won't allow it.”
Sherlock knelt down to get eye level with him, glanced at John for support, and continued signing.  ‘Yes, I do. But I want to do what’s best for you.’
'We both knew this day would come.  From the beginning, we knew my time with him would end.  Get me out before he decides to leave.  I don't care where I have to go.'
He stood and opened the door, leering at the man on the other side.
something. Maybe get Sherlock and Dennison a present, he thought. He know it wasn't necessary, and would make Sherlock feel awkward as hell, but he needed to get out.
'You didn't seem fine, before.  Should I get my computer?'
But John didn't want that to be the last time they saw each other.  He didn't want new friends.  He'd already have some by now if he did.  He just wanted Sherlock back.  He wanted to rebuild that trust, that connection they'd had.  No matter how long it took.
The back-and-forth lasted a few more minutes until Sherlock finally gave in and told John what time to meet him.
"I'm... sorry," John said.  "It must have slipped my mind.  I'm so used to it..."  This was probably it for Mary.  Though he did consider it an almost success, as she would break up with him because of something he'd done, not something Sherlock had done.
Sherlock shook his head, looking back up at the ceiling.
PLEASE READ: I'm posting multiple chapters at once! Please be sure to read the two before this if you haven't yet!  I posted three chapters instead of one longer one because I just felt it needed to be broken up more idk.  I'm sorry it's been longer than a week since I said I'd update.  Finals happened and I had to give up one of my jobs and I started my summer job and courses and it's been very hectic but! Here are three brand new chapters for your enjoyment.  Happy reading :)
John and Dennison sat up at the sudden shift of weight in the bed. Sherlock was hunched forward toward the foot of the bed, chest heaving, eyes pinched shut.
He ignored the spark of anger when he felt worry building up inside him.  Sherlock had been on a dangerous mission...
Sherlock thought.  'He rarely lets me out of his sight.  Especially since last night.'
John's mouth fell open as he stopped pacing.  He looked down at Sherlock, who was gazing right back at him, a fierceness in his eyes he hadn't seen in years.  They maintained eye contact until Sherlock grabbed the phone back from John's immobile arms.
Sally did not, despite what John suspected, purposely (or accidentally) misinterpret Sherlock.
Dr. Parson frowned. "There's no need for the drama, Sherlock. But fine, you're right, you're his guardian and I'll direct all his questions to you. But, if you do scar him for life, I won't be the one to deal with it.”
Dennison turned and gave him a half-smile before resettling his gaze on the sky.
“I ruined your shirt,” he squeaked when he finally tried to speak.
"Ah.  Right.  Those look like they went fairly deep.  Like they should have been... fatal, given the location."
“I’m happy that I get to stay.”
Sherlock paled a bit, and shook his head.
“And how many people are there on this planet that don't bother you?  Sherlock, I am not going to let you separate yourself from him.  I don't know why you're running away from me, but I won't let you run from him too.  I am so glad that he exists because with the way you were... I don't know if you'd still be here without him to give you a reason to be.”
'Why?'
"Why?"
'Why were you watching me?'
"Away?  Away where?  For how long?"
Sherlock stared at him.  His first instinct was to correct him, to tell him that those weren't all that made a person good or bad.  But he didn't want to explain any of the bad things he'd done, not unless he absolutely had to.  So he just went back to work.
“You weren’t silent to begin with. Not when I could always hear your voice.”
Sherlock watched John go up to his bedroom.  And the weight was back.  This time he could almost see the spindly fingers closing around him.  They were slower than before, but so much heavier.
Sherlock closed his eyes again as he felt John's fingers start running through his hair.  This was what he wanted, what he wanted to
'So.  Tell me why I shouldn't report Parson for inappropriate conduct.'
“Sherlock, when do we land?” He bounced in his seat, looking all around.
John's face tightened.  'Oh.  What's different? Do you have feelings for him?  Because that would be a different story.  It's still unethical, but different.'
Once the wound was out of his sight, he sat on the toilet and hung his head in his hands.  What was happening to him?  His cut stung, and he could feel his pulse throbbing in his arm.  But the weight was gone, at least.
When Dennison's movements became slower and sloppy, Sherlock suggested they stop for the evening.
John laughed though his nose as he remembers the experiments Sherlock used to do on him.  And all the times he woke to find him there, just watching, no experiment in sight.  'Why are you so fascinated by people sleeping?'
John chuckled at his own joke, and watched as Sherlock cracked a small smile, heard the soft puff of breath that left the man's mouth.  It took him a few seconds to realise that was Sherlock's laugh.  That his laughter would forever be silent, save a heavy exhale.
Mary showed up again that evening.
'If you're sure.'
He still hadn't responded to John's text inquiring about his well-being. In fact, he'd received two more.
He picked the pad and pen out of his pocket and wrote something on it before passing it to her.
He was on his fourth when there was a knock at his door.
When Friday came, Sherlock was in a mood, pouting in his chair and refusing to go.
“Right. Thanks.”
'You learn by trying. Read to me. I'll point as you go and you sound the words out, alright?'
“Well, don’t you love me?” Dennison asked.
"Do you really think that?  That I would be better off without you?  Because that is absolutely ridiculous, and I'll never believe it."
"But it is," Mycroft argued.  "You came to me for help.  Do you understand that?  You came to me because you didn't want to burden John.  But it's doing more harm than good."
'Mycroft is sending a car.'
“Come on, let’s go get him.”
“Are you happy?” Dennison asked.
“But I do. Good day, Dr. Watson.”
“Not at all.”
When staring out the window stopped being an acceptable distraction, Sherlock reached into his small bag and pulled out some of the files Lestrade had given him.  He'd stopped consulting, yes, but Lestrade knew he'd need something.  Something to keep him from other things.  So he'd accepted the box of unsolved crime files, packing a few in his carry on and the rest in things being sent over.
Lestrade felt the vibration in his pocket.  He grabbed the phone out and read the message.  But he didn't know how to respond.  Text back?  Ask out loud?  Which would be worse?  Would it matter?  In the end he decided to reply to the text.  'How do you know?'
John was finding it difficult to actually type out the words he needed.  Probably because he wasn't entirely sure how he was feeling about his news himself, but anyone in this situation might react similarly.  'She's pregnant.'  He sent the text, feeling a tingle in his fingertips as he tapped the buttons.  Then he sent another.  'Well, she might be.  We have an appointment soon.'
The edges of Sherlock's vision were tinged red as he made the walk to Dr. Parson's room. Dennison followed behind him, worried that something was wrong.
“What do you do when you can't sleep?”
Across the hall was a door he knew had to be Dennison's.  He knocked and heard something plastic be dropped on the floor before the door opened.
"Well," John started, "he doesn't do much talking, lately, in case you haven't noticed."
“Alright, alright, we’re going.” John said with a laugh.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to John, turning away just as he heard the other man's phone buzz.
“Ah.  Sherlock Holmes, reduced to simple emotions.”
John put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder.  "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell...  I'm sorry."  But Sherlock wouldn't look at him.  He noticed Sherlock's hands balling into tight fists, so he covered one of the fists with his free hand, trying to calm him.  "Sherlock, please," he said in a soft voice, "I'm sorry I yelled at you."
?  Couldn't you have gone?  Or surely there are other Homles family members available?”
'Interpret?'
'Everyone is usually peaceful when asleep.  I like seeing it.  And it's the only peace anyone gets if I'm around.'
'You can ignore that question. We should talk about something else.'
John didn't flinch at the pronoun.  As far as he'd known, sherlock wasn't attracted to anyone, so surely the gender wouldn't have mattered when he did finally love someone.  "Then why is he so... why is he here?  Why isn't Sherlock with him?"
Sherlock didn't even pause.  He simply swished across the room, opening a filing cabinet and pulling out a bunch of dully colored folders.  He looked through each one, sorting them into three piles on the floor.  The tallest of the three were thrown into a metal waste bin and then Sherlock pulled something out of his pocket.  A packet of matches, one of which he lit and threw into the bin, lighting the files aflame before he placed one of the remaining piles in a suitcase and the other in a small messenger bag sat on a wooden chair.
It started to rain lightly and Dennison threw his arms into the air. “Why is it always raining?”
What if John didn't want him to visit anymore? Especially now that he might be a father.
He felt Sherlock nod against the top of his head.
'I suffer from frequent dizzy spells.  Head injury.'
No more texts came after that.  John waited up for an hour, even after Mary had gone to sleep, before he decided to put the phone down and go to bed himself.
Then he opened his mouth, and whispered, “Not exactly.”
“Don't fucking lie to me, Sherlock.”
“Be careful,” John warned.  “Alright?” He asked Sherlock.
“Oh.  That's why I came out here.  I like them.”
John got home from work a bit early that day.  He'd been given the evening off, and though he initially protested, he was glad for it.  He hadn't been sleeping very well the past few days, but hoped that pattern would break soon.
Mycroft only gave him a warning glare.
Sherlock didn't see Donovan smack his arm, but he did hear Lestrade warning, "Shut it."
"Dr. Parson, Sherlock's doctor."  At Sherlock's sudden cold glare, Dr. Parson corrected himself.  "I mean, I'm the doctor his brother hired to treat him.  He's very particular about that.  And you are?"
“Hello, gentlemen. I’m Dr. West, it’s good to meet you.”
Lestrade waited until he was sure everyone had gone before he answered her.  "I need you to interpret some sign language."
It was John who stood to open the door.  "Lestrade," he said when he saw who it was.  "Er, come in..."
'I've had time.'
"No, you haven't done anything, I just..." John tried to find the words.  He wasn't angry.  He was... hurt.  And he felt guilty for going to Mycroft.  As much as they acted like they hated each other, he knew that wasn't true.  "Yesterday, you... scared me a little, with the whole... sitting there and not moving thing.  So I went to Mycroft to find out if there was something going on.  Something I could help with..."
He helped Sherlock sit up and kept a hand on his back for extra support.  "And you want to go traveling like that?  Why don't you just give it some time, yeah?  Give yourself some more time to heal."
But he was too tired. Too tired to go hunting for his drug of choice, too tired to even crawl into his bed. He laid himself down on the floor and forced himself to fall asleep.
“But the seat is hard.”
John put his hands on his hips.  "I don't know.  I never know what's going on in his head."
John thought for a moment.  "You used to do that before.  Watch me sleep."
'Fine.'
They were both silent for a moment.
“How are you feeling?” John asked. “Don’t try to speak just yet.”
Sherlock would have been annoyed had it been anyone else. Well, almost anyone. But the boy who'd stolen his covers wasn't just his cousin anymore. He wasn't just a distant relation, someone he was forced to look after. This kid, this child who'd probably been warned about his strange relative, had welcomed him without a thought. He trusted Sherlock. Dennison was trying to be his friend.
Sherlock bit his lip.  Explaining his findings was the best part, but there was too much to type on a phone, or even write down.  'Can anyone on your team interpret for me?'
There was really no need for him to sleep there if the one who wanted him there was already asleep, but John couldn't find any other reason not to stay. Especially when Sherlock looked up and gave him a tired smile.
Sherlock nodded.
John and Dennison waited in a private waiting room while Sherlock was prepped for surgery.
"Ah, it's not like that," he said.  "He's... recovering from an injury, so I-"
Sherlock was a bit surprised, but didn't push him away.  Two plates of food were set in front of them and Dennison started to eat right away, but Sherlock waited, hoping Dennison wouldn't notice.
"What?"
Dennison rolled over and dug his hands down into the ground. “Come on, get in the mud, it feels nice.”
“All those adventures, it's amazing!”
John watched him try to navigate through the sitting room to his chair, noticing he was a bit wobbly.  It was different from his dizziness, when he'd sway and seem to become dead weight.  This was pure uncoordination.  "Have you been drinking?"
'Maybe.'
And he remembered Sherlock's scribbles the night before.
“Just take a small sip, Sherlock.”
“You wanted Sherlock to adopt you,” John said, “So you’ll have to get used to him treating you like his child.  Come on, we’ll get you settled.”
‘Be patient. Just down this hallway.’
When all the boxes and suitcases had been filled and left by the door, Sherlock surveyed the room.  Most everything was gone in a matter of minutes, only larger furniture still sat out.  Sherlock grabbed his coat (a beige windbreaker) from a hook on the back of the door, put it on one arm at a time, and walked out of the apartment.
“Don’t even think about it,” John said to Sherlock.
'I see.'
Dennison smiled. “It's ok, I know not to walk off.” He let go of Sherlock's hand and stood, looking up at him and John.
"And I'm glad."
“Sherlock’s cousin. The one… very skilled at climbing trees, apparently.”
Because John
"How about I make us some tea?"
John nodded to himself. He hadn't brought it up because he didn't want to upset Sherlock when he'd been doing so well. 'Yes. And you did promise to bring Dennison to London.'
He wanted to stay up the whole night with him, didn't want to waste a second of the time he had left.  But in the end tiredness won out, and he really didn't want to be too tired to see him off in the morning, so he went to bed.  It took him longer than usual to fall asleep, but eventually he did.
“Sherlock's coming home.”
And so what if he had?  What did it matter to him what happened to Sherlock?  Did the man even care about him?  About what he'd gone through, thinking his best friend was dead?  Blaming himself.  Visiting the cemetery every single day until just looking at the name on the headstone became too painful.  Packing all of Sherlock's belongings away, but being unable to leave the dwelling they'd shared.
'Okay.'
Sherlock repeated the movement, slower so she could copy the move so she could be sure she was not mistaken in her translation.
'Any new cuts?'
"That is something you should talk to him about, not me."
'Yes.'
John chuckled.  “You won't be coming to visit for a while.”
"Well, if you're doing something but not thinking about it, not paying attention, someone could get hurt."
He was about to change the subject when Sherlock entered the kitchen.
'Not for a while, but yes, I will leave eventually,' Sherlock signed.
"Okay, well I'll be prepared for it now," she said.  "Friends are important, I won't make you choose between us."
Still nothing.  One of the luggage bags was now full, so Sherlock zipped it and stood it up, wheeling it over to store it next to the door.
Dennison pulled away smiling, but became more serious when he saw the absent look on Sherlock's face.  “Are you okay?”
'Soon,' he signed. 'Try to sleep.'
"Do you want me to help you up?"
‘I hope you didn’t cause him too much confusion.’ Sherlock typed on his phone.
John, in some corner of his mind, acknowledged that, among the multitude of things he was feeling right now, he felt a bit jealous.  Sherlock was a man who purged himself of most emotion, especially those that would connect him to another human being.  He was jealous that such a man would fall in love before he did.
Sherlock's eyes popped open in one quick, fluid movement before darting right, left, up, down as if he was unsure of his surroundings.  Once he figured out he was at home and felt the weight to his left, he finally looked at John, who wore a face full of concern.
John coughed to get their attention.  They both looked over to him, looking confused.
Dennison smiled and started eating again.
He did get a reply, finally, a few minutes later. 'We'll talk about it later. Tonight, if you're free for another chat.'
“Please, have a seat.” She gestured to the chairs in front of her desk.  “So, you must be Sherlock Holmes. I’ve heard about you. And Dr. Watson, of course. Now, my notes here indicate that you’re interested in the reconstruction of your vocal folds.”
'I'll be looking after things while your parents are away.'
'There's not much you can do to stop me.'  It wasn't an admission or a denial.
John groaned as Sherlock responded by scooping some into his hands and piling it on top of Dennison’s head.
"I still have most of your things," John announced as they stood.  "I couldn't look at them, but... I couldn't get rid of them either.  It's all it storage."
“Still important, though,” John argued.  “Any news on when you'll be home?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock Holmes was no coward.  But if this wasn't a trick, then perhaps the man was simply afraid of being rejected.  Or of annoying or angering John more than he already had.
'They are the trouble.' Sherlock sent the message, wondering if he should be telling John any of this. The whole point of his being in Norway was to put distance between them, after all. 'They're the reason I'm here. They're dead.'
John watched Sherlock work, his movements being the only source of noise as the others simply stared at the detective.  He could see Sherlock's lips moving, mouthing his observations and conclusions.
Mycroft didn't miss a beat.  “Family business.”
Sherlock's eyes snapped open, locking on John's. “What is it.”
Sherlock glared at him.
Be aware that I've added some new warnings to the story, and may continue to add in the future.  I do have everything outlined but who knows what shape the story will actually take.
'I have a similar problem.'
Another few minutes ticked away before he got Sherlock's reply.  'While I was away I was often injured, or tortured.  When Parson was brought in to treat me he was so gentle.  I didn't know I craved a kinder touch until he gave it to me.  He's just a convenience.'
Easy.  More familiarity.  But Sherlock couldn't give him that.
John's confusion was turning into frustration, but he was trying really hard not to seem angry.  He was angry, and Sherlock knew, but he wanted them to work it out.  "Will you please just wait a minute?"
“Sherlock, no matter how well he's adapting, is disabled now,” John explained, lowering his voice to a more acceptable level.  “He needs people to support him.  He needs me and Mrs. Hudson and Molly and Greg.  Not all at the same time, obviously, we don't want to overwhelm him.  But he even needs you because however misguided you seem to be it's obvious you do love him.  He needs to come
He replied, 'I'm fine.  You shouldn't be texting me while you're on a date.'
'I'm a detective. What am I good for if I can't solve crimes?'
“Sometimes,” Dennison answered, giving Sherlock a scolding look which was then mimicked by John.
"Over a week?"
"Are you going somewhere?"  He'd just gotten back.  Where would he be going?  How could he even think of leaving again?  Or was he simply moving into another flat?  With Mycroft?  With John?
John glanced down at the envelope and grabbed it.  When he looked up again Sherlock was walking away.  He had no choice but to accept the fact that Sherlock wasn't in the mood for making up with him today.
Sherlock released John and scooped up the child, spinning him around. He leaned himself against the counter, so the resulting dizzy spell wouldn’t knock him down.
Sherlock tightened his lips and shook his head.
'Is that how you felt?'
waited.  Of course he waited.  After sending Sherlock away he could only assume he would return for a second try.  Couldn't say he wasn't looking forward to it.  No use lying to oneself.  Only, when the person knocking on the door proved to be the other Holmes brother, he was left even more confused.
John yawned as he walked through the aisles of the Tesco on his way home from the hospital. He’d just done a six till three shift and knew if he went home before he got his shopping, he wouldn’t want to leave his flat again today. He had just put some milk in the basket hanging from his arm when his phone started ringing, he pulled it out and grimaced at the screen.
The two of them were currently on a train to the coast, they’d managed to find a free table booth and sat opposite each other. John dug around in his rucksack and pulled out a small bottle of juice that he’d picked up before they left.
:: It depends but dishonourable conduct is one, insubordination and disrespecting an officer can do it. Going AWOL too. It’s down to the circumstances of each case. – JW ::
The doctor stopped working on his shoulder and calmly folded his arms across his chest.
Sherlock nearly tripped over a tree root for the thirtieth time and again mentally questioned why he was traipsing around the middle of nowhere in the Lake District? Then the detective caught sight of the reason looking out on the great rolling hills and valleys with a brilliant smile on his face and stopped grumbling for a few minutes.
The rest of the train ride passed in a companionable silence with Sherlock dipping in and out of his Mind Palace and John writing away. The detective noted that his friend continued to take written records of their cases but he still hadn’t resumed blogging. The excuse of not having enough time had been rolled out on every occasion Sherlock had brought the subject up but he couldn’t shake the feeling that that wasn’t the whole truth of the matter.
“That’s… actually a brilliant idea. Why didn’t I think of that? Good thing I pickpocketed an ID badge from one of the local officers earlier.” Sherlock muttered in begrudging surprise, striding towards the nearest one with John jogging behind him.
“Harvey was the first man I’d ever slept with. I knew I was bi before then but I just hadn’t met a guy that I was really into like that, you know? But he only ever convinced me to sleep with another man once, he spun me a story about getting in over his head with a loan shark... ‘luckily’ he had apparently taken a liking to me. Harvey didn’t even need to suggest it in words, I offered.” John shuddered involuntarily and he felt a deep flush of shame flood his face.
:: So, who met her and slapped her? Mrs Price? Angry wife sees texts and goes to confront the other woman. It’s happened before. - JW ::
5.	Evidence strongly suggests that alone, both John & I would, in fact, be dead.
“Once the process has started, you must constantly assess your strategy with your end goal in mind. Encouraging development that you want and discouraging what you don’t. The cheese may need constant micro adjustments depending on your starting point, it will be reliant on you for all of its needs so be prepared to devote considerable resources to their progress.”
“My instinct says revenge for some sort of deep personal injury, but to know what that could be, then we need to know the victim. Find Callahan’s address and get me in there. Have forensics test everything in the bathroom, there’s an outside chance the killer missed some trace evidence during the clean up but I wouldn’t hold my breath if I were you.” Sherlock walked back towards the bed and folded his arms as he studied the corpse.
“I honestly don’t think there’s a word to describe how I’m feeling right now.” John replied as he allowed Sherlock to tug on his arm to get him to stand, leading him into the kitchen, sitting him on a stool while he went to prepare some tea.
“You know what I’m like, Sherlock, I bow my head in respect for every dead body I examine. They are strangers to me but I’m always aware that they were a living breathing being until recently. I wouldn’t call it grief, that’s too strong a word for why I do it, but I’m definitely moved by the finality of death…” John’s respiratory rate increased, indicating his distress. “… except when it comes to my own father apparently. I’m not bereaved. I’m not sad. I’m not even moved! What the hell is wrong with me?!”
“Ms Paige Alcorn, 51 years old. The body was discovered an hour ago when someone from her local pub came around because they hadn’t seen her in there today which was apparently very unusual. Last confirmed sighting was around 10pm last night when she was kicked out of the bar by the landlord for causing trouble.” Donovan finished speaking and John nodded to show he’d heard. He took a small dictaphone out of his bag and placed it next to him, setting it to record his observations as he got to work.
“Alright, fine! Next time I want a shower I’ll let you help me; now will you just drop it? I’m tired and can’t be bothered arguing anymore.” He yawned as if to illustrate that point. “This constant exhaustion is actually more annoying than the pain.” John couldn’t sleep for stretches longer than an hour and a half before waking up from chest soreness, creating a need for frequent naps. Sherlock was about to answer when there was the sound of footsteps on the stairs and his face darkened.
I feel compelled to point out that if you took a moment to re-examine your prior objections to such things, then I think you’ll find a lot of them no longer apply.” Mycroft picked at a non-existent thread on his sleeve as Sherlock simply stared at him.
“Because I’ve always tried to do things the right way! Those two weren’t the first people that I’ve caught stealing from those less fortunate than them. I must have reported… God, a dozen or so instances in the past. To the companies, the charities, even the police. And
“Oh God, John! What do I do? Please, what do I do? Tell me!” Sherlock blinked hard as his voice squeaked out past the lump in his throat.
Sherlock was darting forwards before he knew it but Morgan tipped the liquid in to his mouth and swallowed before Sherlock reached his side. Morgan started coughing instantly and the detective found himself pushed aside by the paramedics but by the time they got Bartley on the floor he’d already lost consciousness.
Sherlock went back to what he was working on, looking at a slide in his microscope and taking notes with his hand as he went. He didn’t glance up again until he heard footsteps on the stairs, that’s when he realised that a whole hour had passed him by. John didn’t greet him as he came into the kitchen, instead he went straight for the sink, filling a small glass with water and taking a long swig.
“Here, let me have a look at that.” John pulled Sherlock’s hand away from his face, revealing a scrape and his rapidly swelling cheek. “Ouch, take it Mr Price didn’t like you bringing up the affair and accusing him of murder?”
Sherlock stood from the kitchen table, he felt dizzy, he felt drunk. Possibilities that he’d never allowed himself to entertain were flooding his brain in such a torrent that he could barely discern one thought from the other. The detective walked into the living room and picked up his violin and held it to try and ground himself. He sank into his chair and began to absently pluck at the strings.
