“Dean got into it with the Sen that boarded you at the end of the period, so we’re starting the 3rd on a PK.”
“…and group starts in a few minutes, but you’ll be meeting your psychiatrist first and you can drop in for the rest of it afterwards. Now your roommate has a couple of requests, he’ll appreciate it if you don’t touch his personal items or open the curtain on the window, and try not to stand directly behind him either.”
to go through them all, and getting smacked with the backwash of all Cas’ bad memories over and over again like this is enough to make Dean wanna shoot himself. It hurts him, too, in a way that’s not residual. It hurts him to know that Cas has been walking around with this pain, this grief, this
At the red line, the Ottawa center is thrown off the dot for something, so Castiel watches Gabriel take the faceoff instead and win it from
“Because it’s extremely rare for an angel to be the party that carries the Nephilim. So in all honesty, the thought simply didn’t occur to me.”
And Castiel understands that it’s Dean. Dean whimpers this word, over and over again. Sobs and cries between these words. Subsequently he realizes that the peacefulness in truth stretched for approximately two minutes. The third thing that comes to him is how irredeemably he’s failed this time, possibly not as noticeable to the world or Heaven or Hell at large. But this failing is several dozen times more painful than his previous ones. Somehow, he neglected to take this into account.
Dean wakes up with an empty bottle still in his hand and a headache to slay a fucking walrus, and also tears in his eyes that have nothing to do with the headache. He can still almost feel Cas in his arms… and fuck,
Further waiting commences. Everything still hurts, but the lull of the hospital around him is still familiar enough that he almost takes a nap until a nurse informs him that he has a visitor. Yes, he wants visitors. It’s better than suffering alone.
you'll recall that for awhile I was keeping track of how many people were subscribed. At the time of posting, twenty seven people are keeping an eye on this fic! I am psychically giving hugs to each and every one of you who is because this feels like a "niche" fic so I was nervous that nobody would like it, thank you for proving me wrong ^_^
Cas feels his eyebrows raise. “Okay. Thank you, that sounds nice.” He misses Dean. He misses Dean a lot.
“Lazy,” Dean teases, then grudgingly turns his eyes back to the book. “‘During our careful studies of the subject in question, we’ve at once gathered substantial information and raised innumerable further questions. For instance, Archangel Gabriel refused to speak on the topic of his siblings’ strengths and weaknesses, but explained in great detail why it’s so necessary for them to be able to harm one another.’ Okay, when the hell was Gabe gonna tell us he let the BMoL hassle him for this shit back in…” Dean flips to the inside front cover. “…fucking 1891?”
Dean sits up and rubs his forehead even though it’s already stopped hurting. Damn wings. Although actually it probably helped Cas to have billions of years to practice before even
redeeming qualities as a leader to be chosen as captain besides just being the offspring of the head coach, and if he ever decides he has autonomy and the ability to make his own choices about how to guide the team, it’s that much more likely that we won’t embarrass ourselves again.” Crowley leans forward to look around Castiel. “You should stand up for yourself sometimes, darling. Upper management likes you enough that you won’t be fired or demoted for it, believe me.”
have a reasonably healthy relationship. But love is not a magic cure-all. They're both still sick and very little has been solved. Am I saying that there will be a sequel? No, I don't have one planned. If I change my mind about that, though, there's a lot of directions it could go with this material.
The section of Hell where Gabriel’s been imprisoned is at least secluded. Castiel gets as close as he can and reaches out, attempting to open a mental channel for communication. He’s disturbed by the weakness he senses - Gabriel is barely at half strength.
“On occasion. As I said, this phenomenon is… unusual. You have to understand, Nephilim are incredibly dangerous and often uncontrollable.”
“He’s very powerful,” Castiel grudgingly cedes. “He can certainly keep her safe. And it’s reasonable to think,” he continues, staring hard at Gabriel, “that he’s also the least likely to smite both of us despite what Heaven wants.”
His phone starts to ring, and it can only be one person dialing him at 9:40 pm because Gabriel and Michael are both wrapping up games of their own, Meg is probably about to fall asleep and Dean already spoke with him earlier.
Seventy subscribers! Know that you all give me life just through the simple act of paying attention to me and my absurdity :D
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Cas, but it’s kinda nice knowing I ain’t the only one here who’s got a family situation that’s totally fucked.”
Castiel knows already that the Mark doesn’t technically have this effect all by itself. Instead it acts as a siphon, so that whatever lingering negative emotions from despair to vicious savagery are pulled from each victim and into the bearer of the curse. The siphoning effect is more potent with the First Blade, but still happens to some extent with any other weapon as well. But the Mark is also unable to be transferred to anything other than a cognizant being that already has a tendency towards violence. And wreathing Dean’s soul, slowly picking more and more holes into it, are small scraps of random lesser demons and various monsters… as well as larger and more dangerous shards that grab hold to dig deeper, most notably from Abaddon and Cain. To have pieces of two extremely bloodthirsty greater demons latching onto Dean’s soul does nothing short of invite its destruction.
“The child and its parents are killed,” Castiel informs him flatly. “It’s necessary to prevent an extreme level of danger to a large number of people.”
Cas looks… wrong. It’s subtle, but there’s something off about him, like the lines of his face have moved just slightly or something. Sam can’t place it but now that he can see it he can’t stop staring and trying to figure it out.
Castiel’s line is sent again, this time with the third D-pair. Crowley is tossed off the dot by the linesman and Castiel takes the faceoff instead, which he loses. The Stars scrabble to get away from the Isles forwards but are boxed out of the right spaces by the defensemen, and ultimately Crowley intercepts a pass and fights his way into the attacking zone with help from
"Dean.... mmmmm... oh, you're so perfect..." Cas murmered into his chest as he laid kisses all over the hunter's chest. Cas pushed his body forward, lowering his hand to Dean's leg, urging Dean to kick is legs out so he could lay them back. Dean did and they fell back onto the bed, their rhythm never failing. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas' waist and pulled him in closer. Every thrust elicited a moan or gasp from Dean as Cas hit his prostate.
Dean grabbed Castiel's hair and forced his head back exposing his neck,  kissing licking and biting until Castiel just couldn't hold back the whimpering moans.  He wrapped his leg around Dean's waist and pulled him in,  thrusting his hips up desperately searching for more friction. Dean moaned into his neck "Oh Cas" he said, grinding his hips to meet Castiel's.
"Hell yea Cas! You were amazing, all that screaming and moaning..." He turned motioning to the white streaks drying on the floor "The mess on the floor there, all good signs that it was to my satisfaction."
There was something more intense about this dream than the other's he'd had before. Something more solid to the feeling of Cas next to him, the way his breath came faster as Dean continued to stroke his cock, his hips hitching into his touch. Cas moaned and Dean felt it vibrate through his body, causing him to shudder. That hadn't happened before, and he liked it. He moved his body, rolling Cas to his back as he continued to stroke him, sliding his leg over Cas' and griding into Cas' thigh. He peppered soft kisses and gentle nibbles over Cas' neck and down his collarbone. He dipped his head a little lower taking his nipple into his mouth and Cas' moaned again, a dirty little moan that if Dean wasn't already rock hard, would have made him so in an instant. Dean nibbled lightly on his nipple before sliding his body over Cas', stradling his waist, rubbing their cocks together. He slid his hips forward reaching behind him to hold Cas' cock in place. The beauty of dreams was no prep was needed, things just happened, Dean pressed the head of Cas' cock against his ass and felt the burn of the stretch and resistance. His breath caught as he looked down at Cas' beautiful blue eyes, wide looking up at him. It was in that moment Dean realized, this was no dream.
Dean ran his hand over Castiel's chest and to his stomach. "What do you say we jump in the shower and get cleaned up?"
Castiel turned back toward the tree and sighed deeply. His heart was racing and his stomach was in knots with nerves. Dean came out and walked up behind him, placing his hand on the small of his back, and even though he thought it would make him more nervous, instantly he felt relaxed, like this had happened a hundred times before.
Dean chuckled as he backed out of Castiel's way, allowing him to get back to the task at hand. "Cas, technically this is my kitchen."
Dean lets out a groan as Cas begs for more, his hips rolling his ass back onto Dean's cock. He grips Cas' hips and snaps his hips hard into him, and if the cry that falls from Cas' lips is any indication, he's hit his prostate straight on. He continues the relentless pace, the room filling with the sound of their skin slapping together and the occasional sharp cry of pleasure from his beautiful angel.
"Your phone was on 'do not disturb'" Dean says as he walks over to the desk "the photos are here" he says turning on the computer. "Unless he's taken them to the dump where they belong, I'm sure he still has them, if you're that interested. No one else in their right mind would want the garbage he was peddling."
Cas paused at the car, looking at his always righteous man, the man he had pulled from purgatory all those years ago. The man who had been everything to Cas for so long. Dean puts his phone away and looks at him "Where to Cas?" The question hangs in the air for a moment before Cas simply grabs the door handle of the Impala and slides into the leather clad front seat. He takes a deep breath, there are so many memories in this car for him, and he knows there are even more for Dean. He takes in the smell of the leather and of Dean, he's missed this so much, missed the comfort of having Dean around.
"C'mon Cas.You gotta talk to me man. Please, I've never seen you like this. You gotta tell me whats going on." Cas rest his head on Dean's chest, relishing in the rumble as Dean spoke softly to him. He shifted in closer, seeking out Dean's comfort and warmth and before he knew it he was practically curled up into Dean's lap, arms wrapped around his back. He was waiting for Dean to pull away at any moment, but he didn't, he just let Cas cry in his arms, his hand absently stoking his hair.
Dean came hard with a scream, white cum spurting from his cock coating both of their stomachs and chests. Muscles spasmed around his cock and Castiel soon joined him in orgasm, still thrusting as deep into Dean as he could get. Castiel let out a mangled cry and collapsed on top of Dean as they both tried to steady their breath.
"I'm very much looking forward to that." Castiel replied, nipping at his jawline. "For now though" he said pecking softly at his lips "breakfast?"
No sooner did the coat hit the floor and Dean's hands were under his suit coat, repeating the process, this time Dean leaned in close his lips almost touching Cas' neck. "Do you have any idea what I'm going to do to you Angel?" Dean put his mouth right up to Cas' ear as close as he could be with out touching him. "I'm going to turn you to pudding, and then I'm going to eat you up." Dean ran his tongue the length of his ear and then gently nipped his ear lobe and Cas shuddered.
Cas loved the taste of him, sweet,with just a hint of the whiskey he had drank earlier lingering on his tongue. Cas moved his tongue to meet Dean's greedy one and felt him moan into his mouth. Cas' cock twitched again, and he decided there wasn't anything Dean could do that wouldn't be a complete turn on for him. He wanted him completely, but would also feel content just doing this forever. He moved his hands tentatively to Dean's hips, his soft skin warm under his hands, and then slid them up his back and pulled him feverishly into him as he hungrily kissed him deeper.
"Ok Cas, we'll stick to Zeppelin, since you obviously already like them." Dean sits up on the bed against the headboard and presses the shuffle button on the remote. Robert Plant's voice comes through the speakers, and Dean can hardly believe it. "And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me."
Castiel kept his eyes locked on Dean's as he took him fully into his mouth. He tasted amazing and Castiel loved the feel of him in his mouth, the tip of his dick pressing hard against his throat as he bobbed his head down. He watched Dean's face his perfect lips forming an 'O' as he in turn watched Castiel. He ran his hands over Dean's thighs,  reaching back and cupping his balls and Dean thrust hard into his mouth, shoving his dick even further down his throat. Castiel pulled his mouth off taking a deep breath "Fuck my face Dean"
"Cas, I... uh..." Dean stammered, not knowing what to say, or even how long Cas may have been standing there. How much had he heard? Dean wasn't sure if he was ready for Cas to know what he had just told Sam. Hell he wasn't sure if HE was ready for what he had just told Sam.
"Well actually Dean, Cas is an angel, he's a celestial being, the whole gau/straight thing is merely physical. And while, no, I wouldn't say that sexually I am attracted to Cas, but there is more to love than just sex. Besides, maybe... I don't know... have you seen him? I mean those eyes alone are enough to make the straightest of straight men a little gay for him." Sam still was staring at his screen. Dean just gaped at him, dammit, Sam was right, everything he said was true. But still, Sam couldn't be in love with Cas...
Castiel barely had the time to process the words before Dean pressed his lips against Castiel's. It was soft and sweet, without any urgency. Castiel closed his eyes and let himself get lost in the moment. He let out a soft whimper when Dean broke the kiss. When he opened his eyes he saw that Dean was staring at him with a soft smile.
"Dean, what are you doing? Where are we going?" Cas stammers, shocked but keeping up with Dean as he pulls him down the hallway toward his room.
"Lean forward darlin, I'm gonna work you open nice and wide for me." Dean growled, pushing another finger slow and easy. He felt Jimmy's muscles flutter around his fingers as he thrust them in and out, and it wasn't long before he was pushing a third into his hole, scissoring his fingers and he pushed in and out, all the while rutting slowly against Castiel's hard cock. They were both leaking enough to provide sufficient lubrication and their cocks slid together smoothly.
Castiel's lips pulled lightly at the corner, "You don't have to say it. I know Dean." He leaned in again, but Dean pulled his head back, keeping green locked on blue.
"please Dean, please ... I want to feel your hands on me " Cas breathes, his heart racing faster as Dean smiles at him.
Thrusting hard and deep Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean's chest once again pulling him up into him. "Say my name" Castiel whispered into his ear
Cas moved his hand up, grabbing Dean on the shoulder where he had left his mark on him. Dean felt the surge of Cas' thoughts and emotions. Words would never be enough for Dean to know what he had ever done to be where they are right now. But feeling Cas inside him like this, it all made sense. There was never any other way, this was the way it was supposed to be. Every action either of them had ever made was leading them to that moment when Cas found him in Hell and raised him out. They were a part of each other, neither complete without the other. It was destiny, fate and all those other words that Dean never believed in before. But here, now, with Cas in his arms, he knew that there could never be any other way. This was it, if ever he was going to be happy, it was going to be like this.
Darla had gone back to playing with her cell phone, and Castiel watched Dean as he opened his gift. "I don't even have to look at it, I know its awesome because you picked it out." Dean said as he pulled the green t-shirt out of the wrapping paper. Castiel reveled in the smile that spread across his face as he saw the image of Yoda on the front of the shirt. "Thank you Cas!"
There lips were barely separated when Cas grabbed the back of Dean's head with one hand, pulling him back into his mouth, as the other wrapped around his waist, pulling their bodies together. Cas' tongue aggressively pushed it's way into Dean's mouth, and he swore he actually saw sparks as his warm tongue touched his for the first time. There was no hesitation as Dean let Cas take control of the kiss. 'God, I'm such a girl' he thought as he moaned into Castiel's mouth, his own arms wrapping around Cas.
"Cas, I ... " Dean sighed heavily "I... ah fuck it" He said finally before closing the last inches between them, firmly planting his lips over the angel's, in a wet kiss. Dean felt Cas' lips move under his, parting gently as he moaned, and he couldn't help the smile that spread across his lips as he pulled back.
There wasn't a moment's hesitation before Cas' mouth was on Dean's again, with a little more force than the first time, but still tender. This time when Dean opened his mouth he met Cas' tongue with his own and deepened the kiss. A shudder ran through his body as Cas moaned into his mouth and ran his hand into his hair, trying to pull him in even deeper. When they broke the kiss, they both were left gasping for air, foreheads pressed against each other.
Cas continued to thrust into him as he milked his softening cock, until suddenly his body went rigid... "Ah... ah...uh... Dean" he moaned out, spilling his load into Dean's ass, collapsing on top of him.
Cas turned and walked down the sidewalk toward the classic black car waiting for him. Dean was standing on the other side of the car, on his phone. When he turned to face him, Cas felt warmth and comfort wash over him. Things had been so hard for him lately, at times he was afraid he wouldn't be able to make it on his own. Even though he hadn't been happy to see him when he'd shown up unannounced at the Gas n Sip earlier, he was most assuredly glad that Dean was here now.
Dean's movement was quick when he pulled away, Castiel's mouth chasing the skin as it moved. Dean took Castiel's hand and quickly slurped two of his fingers into his mouth, getting them nice and wet before pulling them out. "I want you in me Cas. I need you to be in me please!" Dean turned, kneeling forward with ass toward him, he took Castiel's wet fingers and pressed them against his opening. The moan that escaped him was so dirty that if Castiel hadn't already been turned on, that moan would have done it. Castiel pulled his legs up, kneeling behind Dean, his spit slicked fingers working around the puckered ring of muscle, pressing and sinking into him slowly. Dean's arms gave out from under him and he lay forward on the bed, ass up in the air. Castiel continued working first one, then two fingers into him, while reaching under him and playing with his cock because he just couldn't get enough of it.
Dean shrugged looking back at Cas who's face was flushed, his eyes heavy with pleasure, Dean smiled again running his fingers in deeper. This time he saw the moan on Cas' face before he heard it, Castiel turning his head, blue eyes pleading.
"mmmm.... Dean... I like Dean" Cas says in his low sexy voice sending chills through his body. "So tell me Dean, what would you like me to do to you tonight?"
"Yes Dean, I'm ready." Cas folded his hands and placed them in his lap, looking down as Dean pressed play.
His mind wandered to thoughts of what Dean looked like standing in the shower, white soap suds running over his firm tan body. His breath hitched as his hand moved over his stomach, down to his increasingly hard dick. He wouldn't lie, he had found himself absently touching his own member quite frequently after that night with April. Even though she had killed him the next morning, she had shown him how wonderful sexual pleasure was. He had never fully understood it before that night. He would further admit, if only to himself, that more often than not, it was Dean's face that he saw when he imagined being with someone. It was the thought of Dean now, imagining him in this shower with him, the image of what he looked like when he came out of the bathroom, that had made his member grow with desire.
Cas hears a growl at the back of Dean's throat as he presses their bodies together, walking them backward, until Cas' legs catch on the bed and they are both falling onto it. Dean's hands slowly run over Cas' body as he kisses his jaw and down his throat. A shutter runs through Cas' body as Dean's thumb grazes his nipple and Dean smiles against his skin, running it over again and again until Cas moans arching his back into Dean's touch. "You like that?" Dean asks, his teeth lightly grazing over his collarbone, as his mouth moves down to his other nipple. Dean's tongue swirls around the sesitive flesh and Cas' moan is enough of an answer that Dean doesnt stop. He licks and sucks his nipple until its a hard nub and then he takes it gently between his teeth, biting gently.
Cas let out a low moan as he ran his hand over his hard cock, slippery with a mixture of water, soap and precome that was leaking out of him. He leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. Imagined Dean kneeling before him, working his hand over him. Imagined him running his tongue down the length of him from the tip to the base and back up again before swallowing him down again. Cas let out another moan, this one was a little louder, and he only half hoped that Dean had already left to go to the store. He pumped his dick harder and faster as he raced toward that intense rush of white heat that began with the warm pooling he felt in his stomach. Cas threw his head back, his mouth gaping, breath ragged, dirty little moans pouring out of him as he felt his cock pulse in his hand and white streaks shot out of him. He couldn't be certain but an "Oh, Dean" might have escaped his lips too as he fell over the edge. He kept his hand tight, but slowed the movements, milking himself through his orgasm. He let out another moan as he came down.
Cas grabbed his waist, pulling him in for another kiss before quickly turning him around and pushing him onto the table, papers and books went flying as Dean's arms skidded out in front of him. "What the..." he managed to get out before he felt the sharp sting of Cas' hand smacking his ass.... the groan that escaped him was not dignified in anyway, neither was the way his ass popped out, asking for more, his cock suddenly straining against his zipper.
"Damn Cas, I like it when you're bossy, makes me all tingly" Dean said as he grabbed the small foil packet and bottle of lube.
Cas blinks his eyes, shaking his head slightly as he looks at Dean across the table. He notices his hand is on his neck rubbing lightly and he quickly drops it into his lap. "hmm?" he manages
Cas looks up at him, popping his cock out of his mouth, running his tongue down the underside as he lifts Dean's leg over his shoulder. His tongue glides over Dean's balls before slowly circling his tight puckered hole. He hears Dean hiss above him and he looks up to check his expression. "Too much?" he asks
Castiel had Dean wait in the room after they washed up while he padded barefoot wearing just his bathrobe to the kitchen and cut a slice of pie. When he walked into the room Dean stared at him hungrily. "Gee Cas, I can't decide which looks more delicious, the pie, or you."
"Go to dinner with me tomorrow night. There is this really great restaurant in Topeka." Mr. McLeod smiles.
"Always the flatterer. " Castiel said handing Dean the plate. "I hope it's as good as you remember. To be honest, since you moved I haven't really made many pies." He tossed his robe on the chair in the corner of the room and crawled back on the bed next to Dean and watched him as he put the first bite in his mouth. Dean closed his eyes and moaned a sinful little moan. Castiel leaned forward swiping his tongue across Dean's lips, gathering the little bit of filling that was there and kissed him. "Now don't go making me jealous of that damn pie. Only I'm the only one allowed to make you moan like that from now on."
"Baby, I'm just getting started" Dean says as he flips Cas onto his stomach, spreading Cas' legs wider with his knees, he takes a moment to slick his cock with lube before sliding deep inside him with one smooth thrust.
"I think I might be in love with Cas." Dean's eyes snapped up to look at his brother as he tried to process the words that had just come out of Sam's mouth. They were sitting at the table in the library in the bunker.
It had been six months since that night and Dean looked forward to his evening visits to the movie store, some nights he would find both Castiel and Jimmy working and the three of them could, and most often would, go on for for an hour or more. Many nights as he drove home he'd find himself wishing that they were a bit older, then he wouldn't feel so wrong about the attraction he began feeling toward them, especially Castiel. Dean liked Jimmy well enough, he thoroughly enjoyed talking with him, but there was just something extra about Castiel. Dean found himself on more than one occasion waking up from some pretty intense dreams that featured Castiel and those amazing lips of his.
"Dean?" Cas manages to ask. Dean looks at him, confusion followed by a looks of horror and humiliation crosses his face as he hops off the bed and moves across the room. "Cas, I.... I'm sorry man, I thought it was another dream. God, this is embrarrassing" Dean says, covering his face, his entire body flushing red.
Dean smiles taking the box from Cas. He's hesitant to take his eyes off Cas, because he's so damn beautiful, but he sits on the edge of the bed and pulls off the bow, lifting the lid he takes in the sight of the box's contents. He looks back up at Cas "This is for me?" he asks
She giggled and took his hand, pulling him toward the tree "Come see what else I got Castiel" Castiel willingly followed where she pulled him, watching as she swooped down grabbing her gifts and telling him about them. Dean had moved to the couch, it was his turn to watch. When Castiel looked at him, he saw a softness to his face that was reserved for Darla, one of love and admission, only Dean wasn't just watching Darla, he was looking at him too. Castiel got lost for a moment looking at Dean, when all of a sudden Darla squealed. "Oooh! Daddy look!" both sets of eyes quickly moved to the little girl who had a huge smile on her face and was pointing above Castiel's head. He knew in an instant that he had once again stopped under the mistletoe. "Mistletoe Castiel! You know what that means right?" she giggled.
Castiel placed one hand on his cock holding it in place as Dean lowered himself down. He watched Dean's face carefully as his heat enveloped him slowly. He hadn't realized he was even holding his breath until Dean was fully seated on his hips and the air escaped his lungs in gust. Dean swallowed hard and let out a low moan. "Oh god." he breathed, leaning forward slightly, resting his forehead against Castiel's "you feel amazing" Dean's tongue flicked out over his bottom lip before sucking it in between his teeth. His hips moved a little as his muscles relaxed around Castiel.
“Hey, Cas. What’s up? Where are we?” Dean stood and turned to face Castiel, taking in the sight of him, holding onto the emotions that always rushed over him when he saw those piercing blue eyes.
"Yea Cas? You want me to fuck you? How do you want me to fuck you?" Dean continued to tease his tongue around the puckered ring of muscle, his fingers ghosting touches over the head of his cock. Dean could feel the Cas' desperation growing, as he begged for more.
Dean's eyes went wide when he heard John calling for him. It meant it was time to go. Castiel quickly cut the rest of the pie and put the pieces in individual containers for the trip. when they reached the door Dean stopped and turned to Castiel. "Mr. Novak?" He said, his pubescent voice cracking. "I need to tell you something" He cast his eyes toward the floor. "I... I'm going to miss you"
Castiel smiles down at him. He's just too cute, those green eyes looking at him in wonder, his voice cracking with every word, freckles sprinkled across his nose. He leans down and kisses Dean on the forehead. "Dean, I'm sure I don't have to tell you how wildly inappropriate it would be for me to kiss you the way you were asking me. I will tell you this though. You come back and visit me in 6 years, and we can have this conversation again, if you still want to."
"How else would I be able to give you these" He smiled, looking down at Darla who was playing on her cell phone.
Dean let go of his cock and gripped his thighs, sliding him toward the edge of the counter and closer to him. He pushed up on his thighs and lined himself up with Castiel, pushing softly watching as the head disappeared in the tight ring of muscle. Dean felt Castiel clench around the intrusion and he paused allowing him time to adjust. When he felt Castiel roll his hips he pushed in further until his balls were resting on his ass. "Oh fuck Cas" Dean let out in a sigh "You're so tight baby, God you feel so good" he pulled back just a little and pushed deep into him causing them both to moan. He leaned forward and took Castiel's mouth in a wet kiss. He thrust slowly into Castiel, still letting him adjust.
Castiel gave Dean another quick peck and pulled away, heading toward the kitchen. He was going to make Dean and Darla his breakfast specialty, French toast. Once he was in the kitchen he made quick work of figuring out where everything was that he needed and pulled it all out onto the counter. He was so focused, that he hadn't noticed Dean had followed him and was now watching him from the doorway. He gave him a quick smile and waved him away with his hand. "I've got this, now go and spend the morning with your daughter" he said, turning to the refrigerator and grabbing the eggs.
A little longer than I usually do for my drabbles.... but I wanted to give you the good stuff... (yes I mean you Skye :*)
Dean stepped forward and grabbed his arm, turning him back around. "Cas, wait. what do you mean you're sorry?" Dean searched the Angel's face "You have nothing to be sorry for, that was.... awesome"
Castiel went into the kitchen to finish cleaning up after breakfast. When he heard the door close and Dean's Impala roar to life in the driveway he walked out into the foyer just in time to see the car back out down the drive. He wasn't sure how much time he'd have before Dean got back, so he quickly rushed to the bathroom, stripping off his cloths and starting the water. He opened the medicine cabinet, moving things around, he found what he was looking for. He took and set the small jar on the side of the tub, before climbing in under the spray of the hot water. He quickly washed his hair and body, letting the hot water pour over him. He took a deep breathe to calm his anxiousness. He had been wanting this for so long with Dean. Now here he was, in Dean's apartment, standing naked in his shower, washing with his shampoo and body wash. And soon, he would have Dean's hands all over him. Castiel smiled at the thought.
"Y.. yes Dean... I... mmmm.... I understand." Cas stammers out. "Pl... please ... dont stop..." His hips rotate in Dean's arms and Dean gives him a smile before lowering his head once again.
"Talk dirty to me Cas." Dean moans leaning down kissing him hard as he continues to ride him at a full gallop.
"Ungh, Dean! Please! Just...." Cas was at the end of his rope, he couldnt take the teasing anymore. He gathered what leverage he could digging his heels into the bed and thrust his lower body forward, catching Dean in the chin, before sliding down his chest until Dean was now laying flat on his back as Cas straddled his waist.
"Oh come on boys, you can't tell me THIS hasn't crossed your mind. I know you better than that." Cas nips at Dean's lips. "when are we ever going to have this kind of opportunity?"
When Dean came back out he had two bottles of beer and he handed one to Castiel. He immediately took a swig, causing Dean to chuckle again. When Castiel pulled the bottle away from his mouth he smiled at Dean, who then took the bottle back from him. Castiel cocked his head to the side in question as Dean set both bottles on the stand by the tv. He turned back around and smiled softly at him.
"I don't mind. I like to be useful, and its relaxing. Though I do usually enjoy it better when I can listen to your ipod. How much longer until its charged?" Cas washed the bowl and spoon that Dean had put into the sink. After rinsing and putting them in the strainer, he emptied both sinks and dried his hands.
"Another, please, I can take it Dean" Jimmy panted open mouthed as he wiggled his ass back into Dean's hand.
Castiel took off his shoes and jacket, and walked into the living room. He was looking at photos of Dean and Darla when heard the sound of little feet running down the hall, turning he saw Darla come running in her Christmas nightgown. "Castiel, Santa's coming tonight! I need to put out his cookies and milk" Castiel chuckled as she ran into the kitchen her hair bouncing as she went.
"please Dean, please ... I want to feel your hands on me " Cas breathes, his heart racing faster as Dean smiles at him.
"I don't have any clean clothes Dean, there's no point in me cleaning up if I don't have anything to change into."
"If the boner that was pressing into my leg was any indication, I'd say he's into me." Castiel laughs, earning a disapproving look
He pulled away, once again leaving Cas gasping, still rutting against him. "Hey... Cas, look at me." Cas' eyes popped open, and Dean smiled. "I'm not going to leave you hanging. Slow down baby, let me take care of you." Cas let his leg fall back down, releasing Dean. "There you go. I got you you baby."
"I can't help it Cas, after that kiss last night, this is all I can think of, especially because you are right here. " Dean said grabbing Castiel's ass with both hands and pulling him in again.
Castiel placed his hands on Dean's thighs and slacked his jaw as Dean pounded into his mouth. Little whimpering moans escaping him when he could take a breath. Dean's rhythm slowed as he leaned back into the counter and Castiel took control once more, bobbing his head quickly and then pressing forward taking Dean as deep as he could and holding himself there for a moment, until he heard Dean exhale above him "Fuck Cas". He swallowed hard before pulling his mouth off with a loud popping noise. He took a deep breath and licked his lips, moving to take him into his mouth one again, but Dean reached down, capturing his mouth with his own instead, and pulling him to his feet.
Dean smiled and climbed back onto the bed, laying back down beside him, dropping the lube on the bed, "Now, where were we?" he grabs Cas' head and pulls him into another kiss. Trapping his thigh in between his again, slowly rubbing his cock against it he moans into Cas' mouth.
"Nothing! There's nothing wrong with Cas! He's perfect, he's kind and gentle, his heart is always in the right place. Kind of goofy and childish at times, which somehow makes him even more perfect. Not to mention, hello Angel, which ya know equals total badass! And yes, those eyes of his, piercing blue, the way he can look right into your soul and see exactly what your thinking before you do. The way his voice, so gravelly sends chills down your spine every time he so much as says hello." Dean took a deep breath and looked at Sam, who was now smiling at him. "Cas is perfect Sam, but he's not your perfect, he's mine ok! You cannot be in love with Cas, because I... well, because I need him ok."
Cas felt an odd but pleasurable sensation coursing through his body moments before he opened his eyes. When he opened them he saw Dean above him, his body flush as he was trying to lower himself onto Cas' erection. He didnt know how this was happening, after he had lost his grace, lost all of his powers, he still had the ability to pick up on Dean's longing. He would often sneak into his room at night, laying next to the hunter, providing him comfort while he slept. being sure to sneak back out before Dean awoke, but this had never happened before.
"Damn baby, if you arent the most beautiful creature in the world. I love seeing you like this." Dean licked his lips. "Cas, baby look at me." Cas' eyes met his, and Dean could see how close he was. " I want you to watch me as I suck you. Ok baby... I'm gonna make you feel so good." Dean took Cas' full length into his mouth until he could feel the tip at the back of his throat, only when he heard Cas moan did he pull back up, hollowing his cheeks and swirling his tongue over the tip before taking him in again. He only managed to do so three times before he felt Cas' hips buck up into him, buring his cock in his throat as the salty warm liquid shot down his throat, Dean swallowed hard around Cas' cock, holding him there until his body fell back onto the bed. Using his mouth he cleaned Cas up, before inching his was back up his body to claim Cas' mouth in a sweet kiss.
Dean felt Cas hitch his hips slightly, and Dean began to move in and out of him slowly, bringing soft moans up and out of Cas' throat. Dean lifted his head and locked eyes with Cas, as he continued pumping his cock in and out of him, slowly at first, then picking up speed. He loved watching as Cas fell apart beneath him. Loved the fact that it was him making his skin flush, that he was pulling those beautiful noises out of the angel. Dean ran his hand in between their bodies, searching out Cas' dick, and was slightly disappointed to find that it was still mostly soft.
Dean kisses Cas' with a slow passion that leaves them both panting for air when he pulls away. He smiles softly, running his hands over Cas' body. "I've wanted to touch you for so long Cas" Dean says looking into his eyes.
Dean felt the weight of Cas as he laid over him, his lips gently pressing into his ear. "Can I fuck you Dean?"
Dean returned the smile "There's a t-shirt and some sweatpants laying on my bed if you wanted to change."
Cas licked and lapped at the hole , pushing his tongue inside of Dean, before licking his fingers and pressing them in as well. He pushed and pulled, scissoring his fingers, opening Dean up, getting him nice and ready for his cock.
Dean smiled "Ok, so for the next 53 days, I say that we keep this very low key. I will still come in for our nightly talks, but we'll keep it public. We can do that for 53 days right?"
Castiel watched Darla as well, and smiled as he saw her face light up at the two books that he had gotten for her.
Castiel walks over to the counter and leans closer to Dean "don't worry, I won't tell" he says with a wink.
"C'mon Cas, I've had your dick in my mouth, no need to be shy now." Dean said with a smirk, kissing him again. "Out with it"
He sat up and grabbed Dean's wrist on his cock and stopped him. Dean looked up at him and cocked an eyebrow. "Wait...too much..." Castiel let out in small pants "Not... yet..." He grabbed Dean's hair and pulled just enough so he would get the hint, and then dragged him up his body, and pulled him into his mouth once more, tasting himself mingled with Dean. "I need to touch you Dean. Can I touch you?"
Sam and Dean had just gotten back from a routine hunt. As had become customary, Dean headed right to his room for a shower, washing away the grime of the road. When he walked out of the bathroom, towel wrapped around his waist, he saw that Cas was curled up on the loveseat in the corner of the room. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. He'd be lying if he said he hadnt missed him while they were away. There was a comfort to knowing Cas would be here, when he got back. And Dean wasnt a fool, he knew what that meant, what this was leading to in his heart, he simply didnt care. There was a purity to how this was all happening, and why shouldnt they be able to find some kind of peace after everything they had gone through together.
Cas sat up in the bed, looking down at his erection and then looking over at Dean realizing he too has one. "you... you dream about this?" he asks, still trying to really grasp what's going on.
Dean sighed, pushing the thoughts and emotions to the side, it was ok that they were there, but there was no way he was going to push this thing with Cas. This was one thing that Cas was going to have to take the lead on, if he chose to. Cas was in an impressionable state, and while Dean didnt mind stearing him toward liking the same kind of food he liked, or even the same kind of movies and music... Dean paused at that thought, realizing that he hadnt shared music with Cas yet.
"Ungh.... Cas! baby you look so beautiful." Dean ran his eyes over his body, and let them rest on Cas' hard cock. "you better get over here soon, I don't know how much longer I can resist that perfect cock of yours."
"Cas" he moaned softly. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean's head pulling it back "OH FUCK ME CAS!" Dean said loudly, moaning even louder as Castiel fucked him hard and fast, hands gripping Dean's arms as he pulled him in closer. "Oh fuck..... oh god.... Cas... Cas....mmmm... oh god Cas...." Dean began chanting his name as Castiel continued to fuck him. Castiel shifted his thrusts, aiming for and successfully hitting the bundle of nerves he had found earlier. "Fuck! Oh God Cas, right there! God, keep fucking me like that."
"I guess so. I really don't want to move. But Dad says we have to. I thought I was going to be ok, but" Dean huffed a heavy sigh "Nah, I'm ok, its just a little harder than I thought it was going to be. Is my pie ready?" Dean brushed away the tears and forced a smile at Castiel.
Dean let out a low growl "I do now." he said slipping his tongue into Castiel's mouth kissing him until they were both breathless again. At some point during their make-out session, they had moved to the couch, and their kissing transformed from fast and needy to slow and lazy. Neither of them took notice when exactly the kissing had stopped and it wasn't long after that that they both dozed off, Dean laying back on the couch with Castiel tucked snugly between his legs, arms wrapped around his torso, head resting on his chest.
“Well, they aren’t supposed to look like that, no. But I did something very stupid and all the angels got hurt. For future reference, Jack, if anyone ever asks you for help with trials or a spell of any kind, and it’s
“Alright,” he agrees, whispering. Illness comes so unnaturally to him and it’s not worth the effort to argue, or to tell his boyfriend the truth.
It takes way too long to walk up this damn hallway - there are a couple doors that Dean thinks for a second might be the one he’s looking for, but the first one has the wrong death year and the other has the wrong date of birth.
“I see.” Cas had just finished third grade when Michael graduated high school and joined the air force. He has no idea what to say to this man; they share blood, but they’re strangers with nothing in common. An oldest son and a youngest son, born to uncaring parents and who have never had anything to do with each other until this moment. “Michael… you never stepped in when Lucifer and Raphael were beating me up as kids. Why do you care now?”
It becomes clear in the following minutes that the Oilers are very shaken by the injury to their comrade. The Islanders are too easily able to pick holes in their defense, to wall off their offense, and before even the ten minute mark in the 1st Max has scored for them a second time. Privately, Castiel understands why this is happening, and almost manages a slight sense of pity for Edmonton. Last season during the playoffs Michael took such a bad hit that he ended up with four fractured ribs and needed to be carried off the ice, and when that happened the Rangers irreparably collapsed in on themselves.
“His presence would be obvious if he were currently operating under his own faculties. I assume someone else is interfering.”
Cas’ shoulder twinges with discomfort, so he lowers his arm again and watches the ceiling. He could get out of bed and watch tv while he waits for Dean to wake up, but he’d rather lie here instead. His mind wanders - to wonder what Dean writes in that journal every night, to consider what Gabriel will say upon learning that Cas plans to stay here indefinitely instead (probably an unfunny joke), and ultimately to imagine an improbable world where neither he nor Dean have nightmares anymore and they snuggle up together in their sleep again because his injuries have healed and Dean kisses him awake in the morning…
“Unbelievable.” They head to Jack’s bedroom and Gabriel sits on the edge of the bed with Jack in the desk chair facing away from him. “Okay. First of all, you don’t get to groom anybody else.”
“Dad forbid you guys decide to be helpful,” Gabriel gripes. “You missed a spot there.” He points. “Actually you missed like ten different spots. Do you want some help?”
“Yeah, it’s all ready, warding’s in place and a ton’a angel traps that I kept almost getting stuck in.”
THIS CHAPTER WAS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE POSTED TODAY. I was trying to edit it and hit the wrong fucking button. >_<
As much as he appreciates awful people getting what’s coming to them, or practical jokes that leave the recipient mangled in some way, he’s been deliberately choosing things that will only annoy or inconvenience the overgrown Winchester without causing physical harm. Sure, he could totally fix any broken bones or wounds or accidental deaths that Sam might suffer, but he just doesn’t want to go to the trouble. So, harmless pranks it is.
“That’s great, Cas, now the rest of it.” Apparently Dean already knows what’s going on, or at least thinks he does. “About… Heaven brainwashing you or whatever.”
The most prevalent one, the one he chooses to focus on as intensely as he can, is that he never understood until recently what could make angels desire to mate. He’d known most of the others in Heaven, at least well enough to put a face to a name, and that included the functionaries. Only rarely did garrison soldiers or intelligence officers bother to court and find mates, but the bureaucratic workers and soul archivists had plenty of time for such things. This idea by itself wouldn’t be impure but for the fact that Castiel now imagines how it would be if Dean was also an angel and they could’ve proceeded with the process.
“They’re homophobes. This team, it has some openly gay players and my career is no longer in trouble. That’s to me worth it.”
“Do you want something?” Castiel snarls as he finally looks up. “I’m not interested in you needlessly tormenting me after you already made the morning so difficult and taxing for me
“I don’t care, Twitter’s gonna do whatever the hell it wants and that ain’t my problem.” Dean catches sight of him. “Cas, what’re you standing there for, man? Go get dressed.”
Cas nods. “I know.” At least the bastard finally seems like he gets how bad this could’ve been, and how bad it still is that he went down this path at all. “But can I ask what you would’ve done in my place, Dean? I’m not going to try to defend my actions or explain myself anymore except to say that I had to do
“Of course it wasn’t, that’s why the puck went into the net and we’re a goal ahead,” Castiel says sardonically in reply.
Returning to the ice for the start, Castiel stands impassively on the blue line with his helmet tucked under his arm for the national anthem while he chews compulsively on his mouthguard. Because of this bad habit he goes through over a dozen mouthguards per season, but he’s never found a way to break it and it doesn’t seem especially important when he has more than enough money to replace them anyway.
“I know that,” Cas huffs. “But it can definitely be a starting point. For the sake of offering you some perspective, consider for a second how much I love Jack.”
“No way, I’m flattered,” Gabriel insists. “I always put in all that time and effort just for you, why should I be mad when you’re finally returning the favor?”
“I was hiding.” Castiel winces in pain laying his bandaged palm on his boyfriend’s forearm. “I wish you’d been there to help, Dean.”
Crowley gives Castiel an absolutely venomous glare (one of the few expressions he can recognize more or less reliably) and spends the rest of the bus ride arguing with her. Since he’s no longer able to harass Castiel about stupid things, Castiel is counting this as a victory.
“Pfft, I’ll be fine, I’m still intact in all the ways that count. Anyhoo, I got what I came for, so I’ll let you two get back to screwing each other senseless or whatever it is you were doing before I called.”
The linesman drops the puck, the Edmonton centerman smacks it to his winger. The number on the jersey is
“Please ignore my brother, he has as much insight to offer to any conversation as a piece of scenery in the background of a tv set,” Cas growls, glaring pointedly at Gabriel as he says it. Then he can’t help smiling. “How are you, Dean?”
“Yes, actually,” he decides. “I’ve been part of this team for approximately one week and I have yet to hear you say a
This is their child. They should get to name it. There’s only one which comes to him that Dean can possibly find acceptable.
Dean tries to ignore the fact that he also hates what’s happening here. This isn’t “his” Cas. This Cas is going to die soon. It won’t go anywhere for them because there’s no anywhere for them
“Sorry, I didn’t pick our schedule. If it was up to me all our games would be at six PM so you’d still have time to come home from work and eat first.”
“Okay. Whatever. Now what the hell are we s’posed to be talking about? I wanna get outta here and finish my beer.”
“I know, I talked to him during practice, he’s gotta keep working on it,” Victor comments. “Hey, question for you.”
His mouth is full of bruises and sores from his face being pressed so hard into the floor. At the moment, it’s painful for him to eat any food that’s too hot or requires chewing. The immediate future is full of pudding and tomato rice soup for him. Considering that Cas doesn’t enjoy most tomato-related products, he was surprised yesterday night to learn that he does enjoy that particular soup, likely because Dean actually knows how to cook.
Dean can’t stop himself - and even if he could, he wouldn’t want to. He yanks Cas upright in bed for the tightest, squeezingest hug possible. Cas hugs back, a little weaker after spending almost a week in bed doing nothing. And afterwards their foreheads rest together while Dean sobs and Cas giggles hysterically, both of them losing their minds for a few seconds. And Dean is so glad he’s back.
“You do realize that people who spend significant amounts of time in your vicinity tend to notice the fact that you refuse to go on dates with any of the women they suggest to you, I hope,” is Crowley’s
He fucks up for a second when he makes a pass to Benny, gasping in pain, but the noise of players shouting at each other and the scratch of skates against the ice mostly drowns it out. Dean rushes along with the others towards the attacking zone and then blows a tire once he gets there, landing thankfully on his left arm and sliding on the zamboni-fresh ice all the way to slam loudly against the endboards. Getting up with just one hand is a bitch, but he recovers quickly enough to check a Bolt off the puck with his shoulder and smack it over to Ed with another small flinch of pain.
“Actually I was going to say it would be incredibly unfair of you to drop all your pain on him that way. I’m sure he doesn’t deserve it any more than you do, and that would just be cruel.”
Cas nods, even knowing Michael won’t see it. “Call Gabriel. He’s very angry with you. If you want to have any kind of relationship to me, you can start by fixing the one you have with him. Because
“Castiel… when’s the last time I even saw you?” Lucifer murmurs beside his ear. “Hmm… I think you were still in elementary school…”
different!” Dean shouts. “I don’t got a choice with Sam, Cas! He’s my brother and we’re pretty much tied to each other no matter what. Okay, you - I let you in. I
In the Uber on the way back to the hotel Dean posts something on Twitter from his phone, and once they’re in Castiel’s room stowing the new clothes he decides to say this: “So that chick thought we’re a couple.”
He wants to lead with that, but what comes out of his mouth is actually “Dude, your tie is fucked up again.”
He switches focus to the demonic and isn’t surprised at all by what he finds. Plenty of them topside, operating independently. The ones still down in Hell are fighting among themselves about who gets the throne, but if it’s been going on this long then clearly a winner isn’t going to be decided anytime soon. That’s good, though; without the threat of a large-scale incursion, Winchester And Co can focus on preparing for the big bad to show up.
“I at no point asked Crowley for help,” Cas says. “He practically coerced me into siding with him. He preyed on my vulnerabilities and made me believe I had no other choice, and I - I regret, deeply, that I’m so gullible and fell for it.” He takes a hesitant step closer and starts reaching out a hand. “Would you like - I can show you exactly what happened.”
“Okay. Sure. You’re from the future, fine. What the hell is… now-you up to that he’s being so fucking sketchy about?”
be the archangel assigned to our daughter. Heaven only favors you slightly more than it does me, it makes no sense.”
“He asked, believe me. Y’know, I made a copy of the security footage on my laptop and then erased the original so that nobody else could see it. I had that, and my stupid fucking jacket with your blood on it. And that’s… that’s all, Cas. Jack would pop in every so often and have dinner with us but I didn’t even really have him anymore. I couldn’t even give you a sendoff.”
Castiel considers Gabriel’s similar endeavor, a significantly more reckless and loud attempt at courting complete with the offering of a feather. His brother is ten billion years older than him, yet somehow inordinately immature about certain things. Castiel has been much more careful, once he’d finally taken the decision to offer himself to Dean. He can be impulsive and reactive, but in this case he’s been very deliberate in his actions. It’s important when building a nest, after all, there can’t be any haphazard attempts during construction.
“I got no idea what the hell you two’re sayin’ over there, but it don’t sound like anything good,” Benny interrupts. “Do I gotta send y’all to count to ten in time out ’til you calm down again?”
The following exercise is simpler in appearance, but in reality significantly more difficult: write down the names of five people who care about him. Cas is stumped for a moment because he’s not sure there are five… possibly three, tops. He scrounges his brain and begins listing.
He’s flash-flooded with guilt now for not realizing that Dean’s distress had been growing as his wings became more and more capable. It’s the most obvious conclusion, Dean has severe abandonment issues packed in with the rest of his trauma.
The angle is awkward for his wrist. He would scream but when he opens his mouth he’s been muted somehow. His fingertips graze the soul, it’s sitting beside his heart. Just the slight touch scorches him. He clenches his jaw and plunges his other hand into his ribcage. Both of his palms burn as he struggles to grab onto it, and the agony is indescribable. But he must do this. He must complete the process before it kills him, and he must return to the material realm and to his boyfriend.
“It reminds me of when Metatron expelled all the angels from Heaven. Being human took some acclimating and now I need to remember what I learned then.”
“God had nothing to do with it. Earth is a hallway of his little glass figurines and you equate to a wrecking ball. Instead of television, I watch your interactions with the Winchesters.”
Dean grabs Castiel’s wrist and wrenches it. Knuckles drive into his cheek to knock him off balance. Castiel straightens up and puts his other hand on Dean’s shoulder, but it’s only grabbed, there’s no tolerance to be found.
crying, apparently, which gets both their faces wet. But Cas is going, the feather will dissolve. This, Dean can keep. It’s one’a those things that’s just impossible to ever forget about.
Dean is interviewed by the Islanders’ on-ice reporter, and Castiel stops to watch instead of going directly to the locker room.
Castiel rears in anger, splaying his wings. “You stupid son of a bitch,” he bellows, drawing one of Dean’s favorite expressions. “I am you! I find these consequences unacceptable! This is the worst mistake I’ve ever made and I have to fix it, but you’re too prideful to help me undo all of it.”
Cas has previously slept snuggled up to his friend but this, clumsily holding hands with at least a foot and a half of space between their bodies otherwise, impossibly feels much more intimate and private - possibly because privacy at the hospital was a laughable idea at best. And now making contact with those green eyes is somehow shocking in a way it’s never been before.
Dean’s supposed to come meet them here at Bobby’s house so they can talk about what’s going on with Cas, but he’s late. Sam’s not actually worried about that, it probably just means Dean got hungry or Baby needed gas or whatever, but it’s kind of obnoxious because they actually do have important shit to be working on right now. Cas aside, they need to find Crowley, and maybe convince Balthazar to help them stop whatever the hell is going on because he’s the only other angel besides Cas who they know on a first-name basis and they can kind of predict his behavior.
“Okay, uh.” He clears his throat. “Listen up, God, if you’re there. Uh. My name’s Dean Winchester. And I ain’t calling on behalf’a me, I promised someone I’d come talk to you. Her name’s Layla Rourke and she didn’t do nothing to deserve what’s happening to her. So if you’re up there or whatever, and you’re listening to me, you gotta help her out, okay? And like…” He stops. This is so fucking stupid and he knows it. “Y’know, she’s a nice girl, okay? If she’s gotta die, don’t let her turn into a ghost, she doesn’t deserve that. I know she ain’t going to Hell, so I guess… if there’s a Heaven, make sure you let her in, got it? Otherwise you’re gonna hafta answer to me, and I’mma be pissed.”
2. Non-graphic depiction of a minor character death - Dean shoots Lucifer multiple times, but it's not seen because Castiel is too disoriented.
“No, Dean. If you destroy your wrist by not seeking treatment you won’t be able to play at all anymore. I was protecting you from further harm.”
it was he did wrong, because he ended up a with a pretty bad concussion so most of it got blanked out. All he knows for sure is that something happened and his dad kicked his ass.)
for NHL players anyway, considering all the road trips and spending so much time at practice and working out, but when you’re not straight it would be easier for a first-time gamer to beat Doom Eternal on
“He knew Sam would do something stupid to bring him back otherwise. And… he trusts me. I’m actually very honored and humbled that he’s allowed me to do this for him.”
Dean randomly remembers this weird thing Sam was rambling on about once when they were kids, how he read in a book about the way people make stained glass and blah-blah-blah, and to make blue glass they use cobalt. And Dean wonders if cobalt is actually blue or if it’s used to make the blue for the glass, but either way that’s what Cas’ eyes remind him of, blue stained glass in windows. Cas is just unreasonably pretty, especially his eyes. And these eyes are staring at Dean, but in a different kinda way from how Cas usually stares at things.
Actually it’s kinda impressive. Sam can’t see Gabriel’s wings, after all, or perceive them in any other way. So he would’ve had to go through the trouble of finding a spell to harm an angel’s wings, modify it to achieve the desired effect, and then cast it when it would’ve been originally very difficult but now made even harder by the change in outcome.
Death glances over his shoulder to give Castiel a look that’s almost amused. It’s frightening. “Angels weren’t intended to love humans.”
Dean can barely notice any of this going on. His entire brain is on whichever bone got broken in the base of his hand, which is throbbing angrily at him for daring to fall incorrectly after he got run over by another hockey player.
It’s an overused expression in books, to cut tension with a knife. Cas assumes this is how such tension feels, but if forced to hazard a guess, he’d say that something along the lines of a chainsaw would actually be needed for any cutting action to be successful at the moment. But it isn’t a bad tension. Can Dean also feel it?
“‘Archangels are unique in that they have the ability to smite other angels, and in point of fact-’ Seriously? Who the fuck says shit like ‘in point of fact’?” Dean snorts. “‘-point of fact they may even be capable of dispatching each other if they were so inclined. Naturally this theory has not been tested at the time of this publication.’ Well, great. That doesn’t actually help us.”
“Yeah, I know, kiddo. Your feet just gotta learn, that’s all. In a few more weeks you’re gonna be used to it, you won’t even notice anymore.”
“Thanks, bonehead, we know that,” Gabriel snorts. “But humans are also really cute and snuggly, can you
“You… can I see your wings?” he blurts out, because apparently he has nothing better to do with this fucking conversation that he begged so hard for them to have.
“No, it’s a sensory issue. I don’t ascribe to any organized religion. Pork and ham are typically dry, overly-salty and so tough it’s almost impossible to chew. In general it’s not a pleasant dining experience.”
Cas nods, finally looking at him again. “I will.” His wings don’t disappear and he adjusts them a little, tucking them slightly closer to his shoulders. “I know you still don’t forgive me because more time will be required to pass first. But I think you might in the future. And taking other factors into account with the understanding that there’s no binding agreement taking place at the moment, I hope this isn’t too presumptuous of me.”
“Says the human who’s allowing himself to be cuddled, in full view of the general populace no less.”
At my previous check on my statistics page, I have fourteen people subscribed to this fic... previously I've pretty much only written for small fandoms or rarepairs, and I would get five subscriptions at most. But I also know that Destiel or even SPN in general is a
“Yes.” Cas remembers. “We’re in the process of transferring agency to Anna, and I won’t need to be moved again once that happens.”
Castiel slips himself in there as well, silent and intangible, working himself into a different mode of perception. If he’s going to do this he must pass for his original state, loyal warrior of Heaven and leader of a garrison, not openly caring in any capacity. Dean’s hazy with painkillers and may be slightly more easily fooled in his current condition. And regardless of the risk, Castiel absolutely cannot leave his friend to suffer through this.
Per his friend’s guidelines, Cas says nothing into the phone when it’s picked up, and after three seconds the call is ended. A text:
“Yes. He’s also an incredible pain in the ass for every second I spend in his presence aside from the ones where we’re physically on the ice during a game.”
Oh. It’s Dean. Castiel is able to relax just enough that he can slip out of his gloves and jerkily sign “QUIET ROOM” to his captain, because every time he takes a hit to the head his mouth stops working. He may or may not be concussed but either way he needs the dark and the relative silence because otherwise he’ll be on sensory overload.
“I’ll be fine, I only required a sensory break.” He accepts a hug from his brother while Anna tries unsuccessfully to stop Jack from eating the nougat bar a few feet away. “What about you?”
openly gay players,” Crowley corrects him, which is beginning to attract some attention because the word “gay” in Russian is functionally identical to English. “Unless, you decide to be the third. This doesn’t count - Lee Webb, myself, who are both lacking in preferences, and rumor has it, our very own Dean Winchester.”
“Dean, what exactly do you think we can do instead?” Bobby mumbles. “We can’t hold him somewhere and he clearly ain’t gonna see sense. What are we left with?”
“I knew you’d appreciate it,” Gabriel gloats, apparently interpreting his facial expression and arriving at the correct conclusion.
“You need to tell Dean. Which - I can’t even believe I have to sit here and tell you to do that since you’re walking around wearing his body. But you need to tell him before Mom tries to talk to him about it, okay? Because she’s trying to be okay with it, but Dean’s definitely not okay with it and he’s never gonna be unless you can get him to realize that it’s no big deal.”
“Okay. I know you don’t usually drink or eat, but I’m gonna get you some water to take sips of, okay?” Dean sits him partially upright on a mound of pillows and pulls the blankets nearly up to his chest. “You’re gonna be fine, Cas.”
There isn’t any point to Castiel asking that question, given that he’s already aware of the answer. He refuses to betray his own fear even though it’s on behalf of his diseased friend and not for himself; the taint of the Mark has a palpably strong grasp of Dean, so much so that the rage distorts the space around him like heat haze radiating from sunbaked pavement.
“Yes. You wouldn’t believe the bullying. Anna left me alone most of the time and Gabriel tried to protect me when he could, but there was only so much he could do.”
“Awesome.” Dean nods. “Here, we’ll go grab dinner after we check in at the hotel, there’s this awesome barbecue place we can eat at.”
They skate a couple laps around the outside edge of the ice and each time Jack falls down Dean reminds him to keep both hands on his stick at all times to help his balance. After that, they spend almost fifteen straight minutes skating backwards up and down the length of the arena. D-men need to be better skaters than forwards as a rule, because most of defense is skating and getting in the way of opposing players. Puck handling comes second or even third to other skills in this position.
“Great, let’s try that,” Gabriel decides, sounding excited. “In all my time screwing with humans, I never figured out why they’re so neurotically complicated when it comes to this stuff.”
“Dean,” she snaps, and he shuts his mouth again. “Sam talked to me about it already, and so did Cas.”
Jack scurries away happily and Gabriel gets back to the task at hand before Castiel and Naomi can try to kill each other or something. “So! Y’know that stupid throne room Dad has where he used to listen to prayers and plan smitings and stuff? It’s big enough that once we’ve got the first batch of angels we can orient them or whatever in there. Cas, follow me.”
“I see.” Even though he technically doesn’t need to anyway, Castiel suddenly finds it difficult to breathe. “And here I thought I was hiding it successfully.”
“Yes. It was very difficult. I kept wanting to hug you, seeing you in that state was very distressing for me. It was my fault Alastair hurt you again.”
“Oh. Considering your extensive knowledge on various topics and your current leadership position, I believe you would be a seraph. Why is this pertinent information?”
Cas hasn’t been kissed by very many people. In point of fact his very first relationship happened two weeks before his nineteenth birthday, and the guy had to teach him to kiss back. That had been something of a revelation. He’d always assumed people instinctively knew how to kiss - but no, as it turns out, it’s a learned skill like most other things in life. There were only a handful of others after that initial relationship, too. Cas is concerned he might be out of practice - but then Dean’s hand moves from his shoulder to the side of his face and he forgets to worry or even to think at all, because
“It isn’t,” he insists firmly, shaking his head. “Here, Dean.” Castiel extends his right wing to curl around and gently pull Dean into his grasp. They kneel on the floor together and Castiel embraces him, a gesture he’s certainly never experienced often enough due to the circumstances of his childhood. And Castiel has studied humans for some time. Most of them like to be hugged. “You are so good, Dean,” he promises, softly murmuring the words. Maybe this much younger version of his friend, who isn’t nearly as hardened by the world, will believe him when he says it. “You’re selfless and loving, and I wish I could fix everything that’s gone wrong in your life because you never deserved any of it.”
“It’s fine, man.” He scratches behind his ear for a second as a way to stall. “Listen, buddy, most’a the team doesn’t know I’m gay, so like. Don’t go around talking about it to nobody, okay?”
at this point, y’know?” They meander over to a park bench and sit. Dean takes a few minutes to sum up everything him and Sammy and Cas have been through in the last couple years, including Mom coming back and all that weirdness. He finishes up by talking about apocalypse-world and the other Bobby. “He’s pretty awesome, but he ain’t you.”
gonna fit over top of his fucking cast. Jack is dwarfed under the bulky hockey pads and it reminds Dean of when he was a kid helping Sammy do the same thing, only with a billion layers of goalie armor that his brother could barely walk in without tripping over the giant leg pads.
Castiel wants, so desperately, to tell him the truth. It would be a terrible idea, though. Thankfully Sam appears and stops him indulging said terrible idea.
“Hey, it’s gonna be fine, he’s just holding me together long enough until I can heal on my own, then he’s gonna get back in his own body and shit goes back to normal. It ain’t so bad most’a the time, actually. I wouldn’t even notice him if he didn’t talk.”
“Hey, bro. What happened to your first vessel?” Gabriel asks as if this is the time for such questions.
“Actually I did, Dean,” Sam says in a very self-congratulatory tone. “And the angel told me. He hasn’t done anything… yet. But he will.”
“Does that mean Dean can’t be your mate?” Jack seems extremely upset by the concept. “Won’t you get lonely?”
It wasn’t a god damn date, okay? More like… emergency damage control or some shit. He’s a weird guy and I didn’t know if he’d get all blabby about it.”
Dean takes a second, not hesitating too long though. He remembers what Future-Cas told him, how it’s not immediate, not necessarily guaranteeing anything yet, just opening a door for more later on. And no matter how cranky it makes him to think about, he knows he doesn’t want to shut that door forever.
Dean’s not a crier, not unless something is incredibly fucking wrong like when his dad got hit by that car, and he doesn’t cry now in the shower even though he kinda wants to. But he is gonna call Charlie tonight, or maybe Bobby, somebody who’s not Sammy and so will actually get it. Because his brother is married and happy and doesn’t need Dean making him miserable over shit he can’t fix.
Lucifer slowly begins to advance towards Gabriel again, chrome wings fanned out aggressively with every feather spread. He limps of course, his injured arm is tucked protectively against his chest, but Gabriel in no way underestimates how powerful he still is despite his wounds. Any errors in calculation at this stage will probably be fatal, especially now that he’s been grounded.
“Uh…” Dean’s brain trips and goes sprawling right on its face when Cas asks that. “I’unno, Cas, it’s different for everybody. I guess, uh, a lotta times it’s like. Little things you do to show you care. Once in awhile somethin’ big, too. Like.” He can’t fucking he believe he’s about to say this. “Like answering prayers before I even knew about angels. Showing up to stop Dad when he was kicking my ass. Wiping yourself outta existence just to help me. That kinda shit.”
It’s sudden and horrible and Dean lets out an embarrassing yelp of pain, which gets the attention of the medical trainers. After that it’s all over. They force him to leave the bench and get checked out, which means he gets splinted and they make him change back into his clothes so he can get sent to some unfamiliar hospital for x-rays. Needless to say, Dean already knows he won’t be back on the ice for awhile after tonight.
Which just makes it that much more irritating that Dean ain’t just not speaking to Cas. Dean’s not speaking to
Castiel is apprehensive about their impending combat situation for a number of reasons. The apocalypse-world refugees will inevitably do perfectly fine, they’ve faced this exact scenario for over fifteen years before now and are well-versed in the art of killing angels and even fending off an archangel. But Gabriel, who was never intended as a general, and Jack, who’s technically an infant and not fully trained yet, will be effectively squaring off against Lucifer alone. Additionally ten angels at once, even assuming none of them are seraphim, is a very large number and there will be injuries and the odd death.
He won’t be going right away, thankfully. The staff will help him make plans for himself, about adjusting once he’s back home and how to avert potential crises in the future and coping with his anxiety and delusions. They won’t jump into any of this right away, and he’s allowed to leave the office and head back to his room. Group will be wrapping up in twelve minutes so there’s no point in going there; Cas returns to his room instead and draws another page full of bees.
“I don’t, really,” he says, shaking his head. “I have Anna. My father calls once in awhile, but he doesn’t tend to show much interest. I lost contact with Gabriel when I was sent here. And I don’t have a place to live.”
Bobby almost busts one of his fingers trying to unlock this damn box and he looks up with a growl. “Dean, you wanna…”
“Nope, it’s all me.” They zip back to the bunker. “Now, one last thing…” Gabriel reaches around his own back to yank one of the smaller, softer feathers out of his wing with only a tiny flinch of pain. “And now we go pester the giant.”
And that. That. Fucking breaks him, on the spot. Nobody ever tried to stop Dad from going after him. Not Sam, who was always too small. Not the tiny handful of random hunters who’d witnessed it happen once in awhile, who’d pretty much agreed with whatever reason he was getting his ass beat. At least a third of Dean’s job growing up was to protect Sammy from Dad’s wrath, but nobody,
the one who protected me. I don’t believe you couldn’t have stood in the way on behalf of Anna and me both, perhaps you assumed she’d be weaker because she’s a girl.”
“Sound more shocked!” he snorts. “Sammy thinks I’m not helpful? Now I’m gonna go sit in a corner and cry.”
Well… if Cas’ son is there too, and it’s not just them, nobody could mistake it for them going on a date. It’s probably fine.
“I know you know I get covered in monster guts every day that ends in Y,” Dean snorts as he pulls his t-shirt over his head.
A gaggle of lesser demons with a small pack of hellhounds are already approaching, and Castiel can only lie here. His grace is shocked and all but worthless, barely enough to keep him alive without needing to resort to the pulverized cardiopulmonary organs of his vessel. The tips of his wings curl weakly in a futile attempt to fly him to safety.
“This is so damn complicated,” Dean complains. “Why do those bird-winged dicks hafta try and kill newborns in the first place?”
“We’re going to do some exercises on paper today,” the nurse says, handing small notepads and pencils to everyone. “First, if there’s one thing you could go back and tell your past self, what would it be?”
him being such a pain in the ass!” Sam complains, throwing his hands out to his sides and pulling Bitchface Number Fifteen.
Castiel just barely stops himself from asking who that is and revealing that he still hasn’t learned the names of at least half his teammates yet. Instead he rapidly puts together the context clues and infers that Bucky was the one who hurt that Oiler.
he knows how time problems work… probably. “Cas, I’m not mad, okay? I get that you did what you had to or whatever. Long as you don’t make me forget again.”
Castiel does not understand why John has elected to send the fourth line to start the game, which sets up for a strange night in the making all by itself. It seems that the hockey gods are having a sense of humor about things. Crowley moves too soon and is tossed by the linesman, so Castiel comes to the center dot and is face-to-face with Nick Vaught, captain of the New Jersey Devils and indisputably the most rotten son of a bitch he’s ever met. Nick hates Castiel just as much, but for completely unjustified reasons, and in the past six years they haven’t faced each other on the ice a single time without throwing hands at least once.
Crowley moves sideways with it, looking for an open passing lane, and ultimately bumps it back over to Castiel, who circles around the back of the net because he has no other good choices as far as movement. Benny is open so Castiel sends it to him and the puck pinballs for a few seconds between Islanders after that, landing with Kevin, who shoots. It bounces hard off the goalie’s blocker but mostly by sheer dumb luck Castiel is there, scooping it up and messily slapping into the net under the goalie’s elbow; 3-0 Islanders, now. He fist-bumps his teammates while skating back to the bench.
“I was inside the veil. It wasn’t - it wasn’t really comparable to how humans give birth. I was extricating a foreign soul from my being.”
“What the hell are you and how d’you know my name?” Dean is studying him intensively, clearly looking for some type of obvious weak spot to exploit. “Are you a demon? Why didn’t the salt hurt you?”
Dean, Benny, Cas, Crowley, Kevin. They gather around the dot on Frank’s left side, the linesman lets go of the puck, Crowley whacks it down to Benny who immediately takes off around the back of the net. Two Bolts try to gang up on him, but the thing about Benny is he’s big and he sure as hell ain’t moving any direction he doesn’t want to go in - which means he just shoves his way right through both of them, keeping possession of the puck the whole time.
“Because you’re my friend, Dean.” Castiel debates briefly and decides not to share what, exactly, Dean had said that stopped him. He’s going to keep it to himself, treasuring and mourning the words equally. “You never begged for your life. I think you thought that I would succeed, but you also essentially refused to fight back because you could see that I wasn’t myself and that I had no say in my actions. And you… forgave me. I don’t think I’ll ever stop being amazed at the human capacity for forgiveness, especially considering that I still didn’t deserve it regardless of extenuating circumstances. I haven’t forgiven myself for it and I never will, but you still did.”
“Yeah. But Cas you… y’know, happiness ain’t in the having, because you can’t have what you actually want and all that, but you never even asked me if it’s something you can have.”
Despite further griping on Dean’s part, they do both get out of bed in a reasonable amount of time and Cas even manages to get him to change his clothes. Sitting with their trays in the day room, at a table in the corner beside the patient fridge, Cas realizes that he also hasn’t been eating very well while Dean was in intensive care. He concludes that first of all, he’s a hypocrite, and second of all they’re both equally terrible at self-preservation.
“I don’t give a damn how ‘appropriate’ you think it is, you could’a just gave him one’a them blankets in the first place,” Dean snaps. He sounds like the tranquilizer has worn off.
And it always begins with that type of sentiment. Dean convinced that Castiel is no longer paying attention to him. Perhaps every third or fourth episode will be another crying spell, in varying levels of intensity. All Castiel knows, aside from the blank nothingness, is the audible evidence of his love’s suffering.
“Well think about it - Ketch and Deano bolted as soon as the portal was opened up, and Cassie didn’t get back for a few more hours after that. You kept talking to me even though I didn’t say anything back, and you never tried to force me to take my grace like he did. It was more the sound of your voice than the words, I knew you weren’t hostile. That’s how I figured out where I was. You should know, actually, how much I appreciated that, even if I was still being kind of a dick in the immediate aftermath.”
“I’ll manage. Jack will make friends with every single one of your family members by the end of our first day there.”
“You boys eat cement for dinner?” he asks, slowly pacing around the locker room as the guys are absently toweling their heads and necks. “Or did you just decide that since this is
Gabriel isn’t an idiot, and he also isn’t a Winchester, so he doesn’t go charging right at his older brother. Instead he telekinetically grabs Lucifer by the wing and yanks sideways to throw him through a piece of machinery, which breaks apart under the impact and scatters impressively in several directions while Lucifer skids along the floor for several feet.
“Sure does!” Gabriel says before cheerfully cramming another pastry into his mouth. “Ah, don’t worry. Doesn’t affect us.”
Dean does not, apparently, have the same issue, because now he steps so that he’s between Cas and Raphael.
Benny laughs - the guy’s his D-partner and his on-ice best friend, and so listens to Dean bitching and moaning about John every other word out of his mouth some days.
“No, no, it’s another patient,” she soothes, patting the back of his hand. “He’ll be here after lunch today.”
“So was that your girlfriend?” one of his teammates whose name he still doesn’t know asks when he’s taking a break for water.
New Jersey makes every attempt to exploit this obvious weakness, which would be considerably more frightening if they were a competent and dangerous team like the Canucks or the Habs or the Predators. It’s not especially interesting to watch, or to participate in. The Islanders are disorganized and the Devils are worthless. Castiel thinks quietly to himself that these fans should probably be asking for their money back.
Castiel’s entire chest tingles under his pads and jersey. “Thank you, Dean. I’ll ask Anna and Gabriel if they’d like to do that. You’re a good friend.”
The Bolts goalie is obviously ready for that, though, so Kevin slaps the puck to Cas, who shoots but hits the blocker. Dean recovers it as it’s tumbling away, skating until he touches the blue line before sending it back to Cas again. Cas somehow manages to control the damn chunk of rubber with only one hand on his stick, letting go with his left hand for about two seconds so that he can bludgeon a Lightning player away from himself. It’s careful enough to just
Crowley, somehow, is still talking right up to the moment where they leave the locker room and pour onto the ice for warm-ups. Castiel does a couple laps around their defensive zone, then gets as far from his liney as possible and goes through his routine to stretch in this order: hips, legs, abdomen, shoulders. He gets back to his feet and takes some pot-shots at… goalie wearing the number
“Great. Now get the hell out.” Castiel stands still and says nothing. He’s being himself from four years ago, and himself from four years ago would have no response to this. Dean’s eyes roll. “Don’t you got someplace better to be right now? Like guarding seals or whatever?”
on them. All three have the same last name of course, because despite Gabriel living very far away and Michael not being especially close with Castiel, both of them love their nephew.
Castiel’s grace is starting to rebel. It wants to be free, to heal the damage to his vessel being caused by the Tablet, to try and peel away the warding that’s trapping his older brother. He has no solution for that, though, because he’s not powerful enough. Still, he’ll need to come up with something. He can’t go unnoticed forever and the sigils dug into his skin are limited; they won’t hide him from a greater demon.
attempts to steal it back and ends up tripping the New Jersey player by accident, which means a penalty shot. Nine seconds later and the game is tied. The crowd gets even more irritating as a result. Castiel fights the urge to cover his ears.
Cas does exactly what he said he’d do, retrieving his orange juice from his breakfast tray and opening it. As he’s walking back to his room a nurse stops him.
The start of the 1st is pretty typical - scrumming between the first lines, D-men trying to disrupt opponents who’re screening their goalie. The checking line changes on for the Isles and Dean watches them carefully - these are young guys, extra-aggressive and with more stamina than the veterans have. John isn’t great at the “constructive” part of constructive criticism, so Dean will make mental notes and talk to them tomorrow about possible improvements.
Castiel smiles widely. This is his favorite human. Dean is younger, vaguely less traumatized, but still very much himself and recognizable. He’s attempting to meddle with things he doesn’t understand or even believe in yet on behalf of another human, for no other reason besides the fact that he’s so staggeringly
Maybe Gabriel should say something, but he has no idea what the right thing even is. Instead he staggers over and hugs his nephew, because at least that’s something he knows how to do. And Jack hugs back. So maybe that was the right thing anyway.
It takes a little bit of coordination when they get back - Jack can’t turn the shower on or off by himself, so Dean gets it adjusted to a good temperature for him and then leaves him to it for ten minutes. In the meantime, he piles a change of clothes for himself on his bed and digs up a bag of beef jerky for the kid to munch on as a snack. When Jack comes out of the bathroom, kinda-damp but dressed, they spread out their body armor all over the kitchen floor together to air out. Then Dean sits him on the couch with the jerky and some Scooby Doo before taking a turn with the shower.
“Like how in Sleeping Beauty and Snow White the princes’ love broke the spells on them? Did Dean give your wings a kiss to make them better?”
“Good,” Charlie says sharply. “Also, now that you’re captain, you should finally come out to the rest of your team. They won’t get rid of you for it, there’d be way too much bad press if they did.”
“No, I just think this is bullshit and I’m here for moral support,” Dean announces, landing a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
Castiel is so overcome with terror that he has no choice but to obey. Death, possibly older than God, can easily obliterate him. He must tread carefully going forward if he’s going to have any chance at correcting his past mistakes. They step through the door.
“I did actually think very carefully about your question,” he starts. “For one thing, even earlier on when we were at odds and not really acquainted with each other, you recognized me as a cognizant and intelligent being instead of just another pesky monster. If I remember right, it was your idea to ask for my help when you were trying to stave off the first apocalypse.”
“Regardless of the fact that it’s obviously performative on the part of upper management, the Islanders as an organization have taken to loudly describing themselves as one of the most diverse teams in the NHL in recent years. It’s reasonable to assume that if you came out publicly this would be well-received for a number of reasons, not the least of which would be that you’d be the very first captain of any team to do so. That aside, you wouldn’t have to keep worrying about it turning into a scandal. Someone from the press will find out eventually, so it would be better for you to do it on your own terms, not theirs.”
Given the chance to do so, Castiel would smite that bastard into oblivion, but unfortunately it isn’t an option. John will never be punished for how he so tormented Dean. So Castiel will settle for the next-best thing, which is to convince Mary to support her son. Dean’s heard the “it’s okay” speech from Castiel and from Bobby, and he’ll inevitably get it from Sam sometime in the near future. But he needs it from his mother as well.
It takes six days for Castiel to be strong enough to get out of bed for more than a few moments. This morning, Dean is out hunting a rugaru while Sam holds down the fort, which is very convenient for Castiel because he needs to tell Sam about a recent discovery.
It becomes too quiet for too long. Cas checks his phone - four, possibly five minutes remaining. And then he hears the first footstep on the stairs, very loud and obvious.
Castiel receives the last pass but it’s blown dead on an offside. The first line and third D-pair switch on.
“Dean, I… I spoke with Bobby this afternoon. Or rather he spoke to me about some things. I never intended to become a problem, but it’s clear now that that’s the only thing I managed to accomplish. I was foolish and naive. And I made assumptions that turned out to be wrong.”
“I can’t help but notice that you still haven’t unlearned your spinelessness in the locker room,” Crowley snarks. “You do understand, of course, that you’re the
“Yeah, well, we were never really gonna be prepared for him,” Dean mutters. “Never have been before, why would this time be any fucking different?”
“Hester once commented that the moment I laid a hand on Dean’s soul in Hell, I was doomed. Or something to that effect.”
Tim Janklow makes too soft of a pass and the puck turns over, which gets an answering goal for Calgary almost immediately. Dean and Charlie both scream at the television loud enough that people on the other side of the building can probably hear them - right up to the point where John challenges and the refs decide that it’s not a good goal because it was technically scored on an offside. Dean laughs hysterically when the camera pans across the outraged expressions on the Flames’ bench.
“No. I don’t know how it works, it wasn’t meant for angels. It’s reasonable to assume that’s why Naomi wants it. I have to keep it away from her.”
He’s totally not fleeing. Totally. Just getting a beer. Like a normal fucking guy. Plus he just got outta Hell, he deserves beer. Dean makes it all the way to the fridge and nothing is still happening. No cracks, no demons, no hellhounds, no Alastair…
“So lemme get this straight, Sammy. Well, not ‘straight,’ but whatever.” Dean grins. He’s kinda always made jokes like that about his brother, but maybe he should make them about himself once in awhile, too. That way he won’t have to make some lame-ass speech to everyone as a way to come out, either. “You don’t have time to go to the store and buy a box of candy, but you
“Uh. Right.” Sam sits down. “So Dean said that your older brother has agency over you and you’re looking to challenge…”
Seventy one subscriptions and we've reached a point where I get over two hundred hits per chapter update! You guys are amazing and I love you <3
Future-Cas, hopefully, won’t be the one who responds to the prayer he’s about to make. Dean’s pretty sure he’ll be able to tell if it’s the right Cas who shows, they look different enough if he’s paying attention. Future-Cas is so god damn exhausted and pale like something’s sucking on his grace maybe. That should be enough of an indicator.
Play stops on a call for a hand-pass and the fourth line is sent alongside the second D-pair. Crowley doesn’t win the faceoff and so the Islanders are messily bulldozed back into their own zone, working to stop the Devils from screening their goalie and also to keep any good shooting lanes from opening up.
Dean laughs and takes a sip of what’s now something with vodka in it instead of gin. “Actually I think I like this one better anyway.”
The first intermission comes and Castiel is stopped on his way to the locker room by their on-ice reporter.
“Most humans don’t even know what Enochian is. As far as I know he can’t speak it, but he can read most of it. Besides, if it’s too inconvenient, he’ll have to call me to translate it for him!”
“I’m gonna die,” he chokes out, and he can’t help it, he can’t help the tears, sitting on the end of his mattress. “I’m gonna die, Cas, this thing’s killing me, I can’t…”
“Yes, you can, but you don’t have to. Your reasoning is perfectly clear to me.” Death eyes him with a mildly critical expression. “The fact remains that you’re disrupting the order of things and causing problems.” A door off to the side opens. “Come with me.”
It’s surprisingly easy to picture as he threads his way between the torture racks and past the occasional patrolling hellhound. Dean with large iridescent wings, because undoubtedly with his high intelligence and amazing combat proficiency he’d also be a seraph and probably lead a garrison if he was a celestial being. In this scenario, with them both being warriors, they wouldn’t be capable of meeting particularly often given that they’d be stationed outside of Heaven. But angels are eternal if they aren’t killed so it wouldn’t matter. Every handful of centuries they’d come back to each other for a short time and exchange feathers. After three or four millennia, their rotations would change and they’d have a few years in Heaven that they could spend building a nest. And that would be that.
“Jack, please calm down. This isn’t a big deal.” He attempts to form a coherent explanation. “Angels are invariably very picky about mating, to the degree that at least half of them never do. Those that do, mate for life, which is a very long time unless they get killed. Humans on the other hand tend to have multiple romantic partners before settling for one, or at least that’s the general pattern that I’ve noticed. Strictly speaking, I don’t have a mate, and I never have. Dean hasn’t been romantically involved with anyone in at least six years. And incidentally, I’m capable of grooming my own wings without help.”
Dean finishes shedding his game day suit and slips into his skates and body armor without having to think about any of it. After three decades on the ice the steps are so ingrained that he only notices what he’s doing if he actually tries to notice on purpose, which gives him time to think about other shit right up to the point where he starts taping his sticks.
“Cas, you’re gonna be okay. It ain’t gonna last forever, you were just talking about that. Just a month to go and you’ll be able to do most things yourself again without help.” Dean’s thumb lightly brushes his cheekbone. “Here, how about after you finish your lunch we go out and do something, uh… we’ll hit up Wal-Mart for some movies. I know you haven’t seen like,
Dean, emotionally and psychologically speaking, has already been a broken man for many years. But Castiel has taken this broken man and utterly shattered him now.
Cas turns control over to Dean and he shakes his head a few times to get his bearings back. “We good?”
make sure that he’s as safe as possible given the circumstances. I refuse to let him down any more than I already have.”
not to be confused with any of his other dozen types of squint. He has as many squints as Sammy has bitchfaces. “Dean. Let me out.”
Castiel stares at his favorite human and realizes - this is less than forty eight hours from his past self’s betrayal being revealed. If he required oxygen he might’ve gasped sharply in surprise, and he also mentally berates himself for failing to be more precise and choosing a spot that won’t allow him much time to act.
Castiel scoops her up into his arms, breathing erratically even though he can sense that she’s unhurt. It’s absolutely pointless, however, because when Dean comes into the kitchen she transfers right to him instead. Castiel isn’t sure how he feels about the fact that she learned to fly first but still can’t quite walk without holding onto something.
“Yes, thank you, because dating when I’m constantly all over the continent is extremely easy,” he says sarcastically. “And having undesirable mental functions such as autism just smooths the process further.
distracting. “Dean, in all honesty, I don’t believe we’ll find anything in these books. We’ll have to wait until it’s closer to the birth and look for signs then.”
So Dean’s pretty much demoted to a witness. He sits, he watches. Nurses and less often doctors come through the room. They check monitors, write shit down, move Cas so he won’t get bed sores (whatever the hell that is), change the IV bags. Sometimes they do scans or whatever on him and have the same random-ass and nonsensical conclusion. Cas’ brain seems like it’s behaving the same as a sleeping person, which means there’s no reason for him to be completely unresponsive the way he is. None of the medical staff can figure out why.
Dean sits up slightly straighter, opening his eyes and letting his hands fall to his sides as he looks around. Some sense of his has evidently picked up on Castiel’s presence and he now believes himself to be in peril, even though that couldn’t be further from the truth.
” Gabriel admits. “And it’ll probably hurt. Like. A lot. But c’mon, look at all the crazy stuff that’s happened in the last ten years. There’s no way for us to know what could be coming in the future, so I’d rather have it be you getting all juiced up to have my back than anyone else.”
“No, Cas, that’s not the expression, it’s ‘tearing off a band-aid.’” Bobby stares and Dean hurries to explain. “He’s hitching a ride with me right now, that’s how I got here without being dead. I’m kinda. Um. Dying.”
“Just…” Sam’s voice pulls him free from his own head. “It appeared before me, and I just - this feeling washed over me, y’know? Like - peace, like grace.”
“Cas,” Dean whispers, lying facedown on the couch. His head really fucking hurts and he’s still kinda drunk, so maybe this ain’t a great idea, but he needs answers. Like right now. “Uh. I mean. Future-Cas. Guess I gotta specify. Listen, man, I-I gotta talk to you, okay? I get that you’re busy with whatever, but just. Five minutes. Okay? There’s some things I gotta ask you about before I go crazy. I.” He swallows. “I promise I won’t get mad.”
“Yeah, I’ll get to him when Sam gets him back inside,” Bobby mutters. “Here, make yourself useful and help me smash these things.”
“I’m not hungry.” It comes out of his mouth even though he didn’t think to say it, but he doesn’t care and walks quickly back to his room. Dean is right where Cas left him. “I’m back now.”
There’s nine of them hanging around, because Daniel is doing his interview so the rest of them are waiting their turns. He’s the only one of them who’s both straight and white, but he’s also an A-captain so he’s participating anyway because that’s what leadership is. They’re all in home jerseys, but with no padding underneath or anything, and these aren’t actual game jerseys either - they’re those Fanatics ones that fans can buy for a hundred bucks on the NHL site. Dean doesn’t actually mind that, though, because these ones are a really soft and comfortable fabric.
I’m bad for everythin’ around me and I don’t deserve for you to love me. But I also really wish you would’a gave me the chance to say somethin’ back to you.”
“Yes, they do, but it needs to be a specific type, or at least that’s my understanding. It generally depends on the individual as well. For instance, Dean usually refuses to tolerate overt affection of any kind. I’m forced to settle for showing it by healing and reassuring him after combat, or more recently relieving him of his night terrors. Even if your jokes weren’t troublesome in nature I believe Sam won’t enjoy grand gestures to begin with. Try something smaller.”
“Well Cas is - so we’re - y’know, solidarity and all that shit,” he says, not exactly outing his teammate but knowing Benny will catch on.
The second line is sent and the D-pair stays, the faceoff happens on the left dot. And less than a minute into the game a disaster occurs.
“2013. I believed I would be putting Dean in less danger by being away from him, and in a sense I managed to accomplish that. Naomi and her subordinates have been hunting me through time but never managed to come close. Although… I’m concerned I may have attracted the attention of something or someone else. At times, I’ve sensed a very powerful presence searching for me. I don’t think it’s God or an archangel, but it’s up there in scale.”
Jack appears munching on a candy bar, presumably given to him by Gabriel. “Cas, why are your wings bald?”
“I am, yes. Meg once commented that it would take less food to sustain a herd of elephants than what I consume on an average day.”
“So what’s the human equivalent to a feather? How do I know what to look for if Sammy gives something back?”
“Well, welcome to the better New York hockey team, I’m Dean Winchester and I’ll be your captain for probably about one season before my dad gets too disappointed and demotes me back down to an A.”
“It’s time for breakfast,” she insists in an overly-cheerful voice. She reaches over Cas and nudges Dean’s shoulder until he begins to grumble. “Good morning, Dean!”
The Islanders didn't make it to the final and I'm having feelings of Rage about that. Tampa Bay is eighteen million dollars over their salary cap, WHICH IS CHEATING. They're cheating and now in the final. I can't fucking believe that I, primarily a Bruins fan, am now being forced to root for Montreal. It's incredibly unnatural and I want everyone involved in the TBL franchise to die a slow horrible death just for that fact alone.
The basic theme of these short interviews is more or less the same from what Dean understands. They’re each talking a little about how being not-straight or not-white (or in Cas’ case, not-not-autistic) is a more positive experience being on the Isles’ roster compared with whatever expectations they might’ve had before coming to the NHL or being out or what-fucking-ever. Except for Daniel, who was probably handed an actual script and told to prove what a good ally he is. And all ten interviews will have little snippets taken and cut together so the fans will never see a full picture of what each of them has actually said.
“Yeah, well…” Sam shrugs slightly and sets aside the now-empty bottle. “Have you even gotten to hold her since the first time?”
Cas watches the others - one used to be a political cartoonist, and his drawing is very in keeping with that style; one did a watercolor painting of a bird leaving a cage in a manner that could suggest either flying or falling; one scribbled out the crude image of a grassy field catching fire.
That one gets Dean to stop walking, even though he already knows by now. This hallway is all of Cas’ regrets, things he’s ashamed of.
Sam does indeed arrive after lunch, if a few minutes later than expected due to the poor weather conditions.
“Well it’s no fun if you don’t get to watch the end result, right?” He realizes his wings into the dimension of human perception. “I can’t fly like this, y’know. You did a really good job, how’d you find that spell?”
“That’s for damn sure,” Dean mutters, sitting on the edge of the bed and letting them stretch out behind him for a moment. He rolls his shoulders and cracks his neck while they flutter slightly, not seeming to understand they’re still pretty much bald. “Listen, Cas…”
The linesman drops the puck, and since Crowley isn’t Ed Zeddmore, he actually wins the faceoff. There’s more space on the ice during a four-on-four like this, it’s not as crowded and so easier to get out of a scrum. Dean cycles through the corners of their attacking zone with Benny, helping Cole and Crowley play keep-away with the puck as the two forwards try to open up scoring channels.
“I’m not here to hurt you, Dean,” he promises, recalling his friend’s previous lectures on personal space and making no move to approach just yet.
He musters himself. Any reserves of strength or willpower remaining, not smothered by the Empty, are drawn together. There’s no escape and he knows that. But he needs to do
“He’s not my boyfriend,” they both manage to shout at the phone in unison. Cas rolls his eyes. “Are you sure you’ll be alright by yourself, Gabriel? You have a much more severe concussion than I do,” he points out.
Mostly, Gabriel is just trying to get his attention. Sam doesn’t strike him as a guy with a very well-developed sense of humor, which is why he’s not prepared for his wings to suddenly be all gummed up with rubber cement.
“So angels are really just Heaven’s janitors?” Dean snickers as he walks up the blinding white hallway. Seriously, it’s whiter than a fucking Mr. Clean commercial. He almost wants sunglasses.
wrong. He’s wrong and everything hurts, and Cas doesn’t know how to fix him, not this time. So that’s what Dean says, in between the air sawing back and forth through his lungs, he babbles to his best friend that it hurts and he’s so scared and it
With 12:37 left in the 3rd, Castiel’s penalty expires and he’s finally allowed back into rotation. Naturally this means that at 12:31 Crowley is tossed in the box for cross-checking, so the team is immediately shorthanded on the ice. The third PK unit is sent as Castiel settles himself on the bench between
chuckles from where he’s wedged himself into the spot between Dean and Crowley, further separating the arrogant bastard from Castiel. “It’s called a mouthguard, Dean.”
Sam nods. “Yeah, a call from dad would definitely do it.” He takes a breath. “Cas - are you gonna be okay? I know you were in the room when it happened.”
He can almost breathe again but still struggles to speak. “He. That’s my brother. He has agency over me. And. He. And.”
“Dude Cas knows sign language and he overheard me talking to Sammy and now he knows I’m gay so I had to talk to him about it and stop him from talking to anybody else about it,” Dean says instead of hello.
Can I just say, as someone who speaks multiple languages, that whoever made up Enochian clearly had no fucking idea how languages actually function. I had to rewrite what Cas said about six times to get it to work, because with Enochian words that would be closely related in a real language don't share a single common letter with each other, words that should've had at least two or three synonyms had none, words that shouldn't have had synonyms had about a dozen of them, and there were many words which were simply missing. It's fucking absurd and took me like twenty minutes to write four sentences of mushy sappy things for him to say to Dean.
“I’m making you hallucinate,” is Cas’ brief explanation. “It occurred to me that this might be easier than what’s essentially talking to yourself.”
“I always call him during the first intermission,” Castiel says like it’s just a fact that Dean should already know.
The thing is, Castiel doesn’t blame Dean for this. But that doesn’t mean there’s no blame to be had at all.
Castiel glowers at Crowley, but at least Dean doesn’t seem to have noticed his name being mentioned because he’s too busy watching the ice.
“Dean, the angel hasn’t been wrong yet! Someone’s gonna do something awful, and I can stop it!” Sam tries to insist, despite the fact that Dean is obviously having none of this.
“Lucifer brought angels with him,” Gabe says, cutting him off. “At least ten, maybe more. He’s probably back to full strength by now, too.”
Sam settles for one of his least subtle bitchfaces, likely because the caffeine hasn’t sunk in yet. “Fine. Surprise me.”
It’s just them in the panic room, mostly for privacy. Now-Cas fixed the door and is currently being kept on lockdown by Gabe in the living room, so Dean and Future-Cas are just hanging out, waiting for him to recover from basically exploding in Hell while getting Gabe free.
And thank fuck, Cas isn’t an idiot, and he also understands everything without Dean having to say it, because he doesn’t actually leave the room and just stands still facing the door while Dean pulls on jeans and a flannel. Because if Cas went out into the hall, Dean knows he would immediately start to lose his shit, and that’d be a pretty awful way to start the morning. It’s a little bit ridiculous, because Cas had to build Dean a whole new body from scratch however many years ago so it’s not like he doesn’t already know everything that’s hiding under Dean’s clothes, but the pretense is still nice.
Castiel begins to detect the same presence as before and stiffens in apprehension. He’s attracting too much attention and he must go or risk putting his friends in danger. Pulling away from his favorite human, he plunges into time again and dives, reaching even further. He desperately hopes that if he hides far enough back he’ll evade whatever it is that now pursues him in addition to Naomi.
And that’s the strongest impression because it’s what stood out to Cas the most at the time, it clearly still haunts him.
are sent out, the first line and first D-pair. Castiel watches as these five veteran players fail to pull together, and it’s obvious that even after twelve games Dean is the missing component that’s supposed to cement them together. Play gets stopped on an offside five seconds after the puck drops, which leads to Victor snapping at
“Dean, how are we gonna convince them to come?” Sam finally raises his eyes again. “You know how that usually goes down for us. ‘Hi, we’re Sam and Dean Winchester, we’re kidnapping you to keep you safe from angels who want to murder you and your unborn kid.’ They’ll put up a fight and refuse to come with us, and maybe wave a home defense shotgun at us while they’re at it. And that’s only if we can even find them and try to warn them ahead of time in the first place, which is looking more and more unlikely. Time’s running out for that. We’ll probably have to steal the baby from the hospital and immediately kidnap the husband.”
“A suspicious death was reported this morning in the next town over from you. It might’ve been Lucifer, I called to tell you to be careful.”
At this, Castiel ultimately decides not to press the issue further, because Dean seems genuinely overwhelmed and not just avoiding the subject like before. He regrets that humans have such a low tolerance for abnormal situations; Dean’s is higher than most, but he still has limits. The fact that Dean, who often refuses to sit still in favor of “going out and finding something to punch,” is about to take a nap in the middle of the day speaks to how far he’s been forced to stretch. It also occurs to Castiel that thanks to the incompatible time flows of Heaven and earth, Dean’s been awake for an entire day despite it only being one in the afternoon.
Dean raises both palms and shoves Raphael so hard that he staggers back several feet and almost falls. “You picking on guys who can’t defend themselves around me automatically makes it my fucking concern, so how ’bout you just get the hell outta here before I kick your skinny little ass!”
They’re quiet for a few minutes, aside from shouting at the tv whenever an Islander misses a scoring chance. At one of the commercial breaks towards the end of the 1st the trivia question comes up: who were the two most recent players to have their numbers retired?
“Good question. Maybe to make us bond with each other or something, who knows. God had a lot of really screwy ideas that he never got around to fixing.”
My internet router stopped working and I have to post this chapter from my phone, so if I'm slow responding to comments, that's why.
So I'm about to lose my access to most of the things I can do online for awhile - this isn't by choice and I can't really talk about why. Since this fic has gotten very little attention, I'm just putting up the rest of the chapters now.
gonna find anything in those dusty-ass books on how to trap or kill archangels more easily. Between you me and Jack, plus whatever the Winchesters and their crew come up with, we can feasibly overpower him when he shows up. Until then, quit wasting your time in the library when you could be pulling that stick out of your ass and learning how to have a sense of humor instead!”
was wearing. It’s tugging on a corner of his brain, and for some god damn reason he keeps remembering his dad passed out on the bed after a hunt. That wasn’t unusual at all when he was a kid, so… did him and Dad hunt an angel once and he somehow just forgot about it until now? Except if they did it would be in the journal…
They spend almost an hour in the damn store listening to some scrawny human clerk reeling off the lists of specs for various high-end laptops, helpfully translated by his baby nephew. Gabriel compiles these lists and makes mental comparisons the whole time, carefully considering which one will be the best choice for endless hours of research and data cataloguing. Of course Sammy will get bitchy about the whole thing if Gabriel swipes it, so he puts up with the annoying process of American currency and mostly-legitimately buys the thing.
Castiel charges after it. He snatches it about a second before a Star can reach it instead, attempting to move towards his team’s attacking zone but without a real viable route to do so at the moment. Instead he tries to pass to
“Yes, I understand. You have every right to be upset with me. What I did was wrong and you suffered for it greatly.”
Rapid gusts of air across his skin. Breaths? He summons just enough strength to open one eye. And the wave of relief he feels when it’s Dean’s face instead of Lucifer’s has him crying and coughing and heaving for breaths that won’t come. Dean’s palms hold his head on either side but Cas has no way to explain how much that really hurts. He lies still, almost gagging through his sobs at how excruciating it is, acutely aware of every broken section in his body. On tv people pass out from pain. Why can’t he pass out, too? He just wants it to stop…
“Hey, son,” Lucifer grins, voice full of fake sweetness and waving slightly with one hand. The other one’s tucked into his pants pocket and his entire posture screams of arrogance and narcissism. “Haven’t seen you for a couple weeks, we should catch up…”
“I regret lying to you. I regret Heaven’s intolerance. I don’t regret her existence. I love her very much, and I also love you.”
Dean rolls onto his back and tucks his bleeding hand to his chest, already figuring out that there’s some shards in there that’ll have to get plucked free with tweezers. He has to stop and think, now. It’s not super clear, but it’s coming to him slowly, how Cas fucking threw his dad across the room and then healed him. Except that wasn’t right away, apparently, because Dean first tried to blow Cas away with a shotgun.
Dean picks him up with only a quiet grunt of effort and begins carrying him out of the kitchen. Castiel remains rigid enough to make the process easier for his boyfriend, but otherwise feels as though his strength has been completely sapped. He hopes Dean doesn’t ask more questions… he doesn’t have the will to lie any further.
“I’ll be home for part of the week,” he says, very slowly. “After kindergarten on Thursday you’re going to take the other bus to Aunt Anna’s apartment instead. I’ll be back next week on Wednesday and I’ll call while I’m on the road.”
“Well, you and Sam got what you wanted for starters,” Dean snarls. “So congrats. All three’a you take first prize for ruining my fucking day. Okay, Cas, spill. You even think about zapping outta here and I start stabbing.”
He has a loose idea about what’s in those - not exact memories, but related concepts. Being unable to find Sam and at the same time chased by some type of monster, obviously a parallel to when Sam ran away and John thrashed Dean for it. Sitting on a rock in the middle of the ocean with no land in sight and fish trying to bite him, well that clearly represents his time in Hell. Banging as hard as he can on a glass wall while some of his loved ones stand beyond it being able to see but not hear him and he’s unable to reach them, undoubtedly his guilt over any number of people he failed to save.
“Can I ask how you’re planning to convince the expecting parents to come to the bunker? Humans tend to prefer the luxury of medical facilities for these things.”
When Dean lies down to sleep that night, he has no idea. He has no idea that he’s at the beginning of the end, that he’s hanging by the last shred of control before he starts to slide downwards again. He has no idea that tomorrow night Charlie will be killed by a monster and he’ll fall right over the edge the second it happens. He has no idea that Sam and Cas won’t stop trying to save him from it.
And this gets him a whole forty five minutes of deliberately frustrating an overgrown toddler. Jack’s going to need a lot of training, which is kind of a problem since there’s no way to know how long it’ll be before Lucifer finds his way back from apocalypse-world hell bent on vengeance. By the end of it Jack looks like he’s two seconds away from a tantrum and Gabriel’s decided that it’s really not fun to pick on a baby like this, there’s no challenge or reward. It’s not like he’s been deliberately screwing with Jack or anything, but still.
“My flight feathers,” Castiel grumbles. Thankfully the pain is already fading and they’ll have grown back by the end of the week.
Dean doesn’t, and thankfully doesn’t seem to have heard him thinking that. “I’mma go home now so you can get settled in and shit, but if you need something you can call. I’ll come running.”
If Castiel were for whatever reason forced to vacate the body of his prospective mate, Dean would be immediately incapacitated and suffer death within twelve hours from multiple organ failure. This compounds the difficulties that the two of them normally face while fighting together, that being Dean’s innate bravery translating to near-suicidal recklessness when engaging in hand-to-hand combat. Castiel isn’t convinced he can protect Dean adequately without the use of his own body.
He gets to the fridge with every intention of grabbing just one beer and going back to the library, but suddenly realizes that he’s actually really hungry and has to stop so he can make a sandwich. By the time he’s done eating it he has no idea what he was doing before he came in here.
Dean doesn’t actually know how to feel about that. Mostly because it’s never happened that way before.
Castiel, apparently, wasn’t paying much attention to Dean despite fucking him senseless, because Dean never heard about it again… of course, Castiel played for a team on the opposite side of the continent from Dean for two years, and by the time he got traded to the Rangers it kinda made sense that he would’ve forgot about it at that point.
The three of them weave their way through time, picking at the threads and looking for which ones Castiel may have touched. He leaves bright impressions all over the place, but they’re mixed in, there’s no solid target that they can fly to. Naomi is forced to surmise that the wayward seraph is choosing his direction at random.
“Anna is a psychology professor and Raphael is a lawyer… which you’re already aware of, sorry,” Cas realizes. “Michael is in the air force, he’s a very decorated pilot, which is the extent of my knowledge about him as a person. And Lucifer is in prison for three different murders, each with life sentences and no chance of parole. Although… we’re fairly certain there were at least seven and they weren’t able to prove the other four.”
They go through more skating practice, nothing but skating practice. Dean hadn’t even bothered to grab any pucks for them to screw around with, because if Jack’s gonna be a defenseman then he needs to know how to skate backwards. Every few minutes Dean makes sure Jack gets to take a break, and during those breaks he explains some basic stuff about the check zone/support zone in the corners, and then about the space around the net. He also tells Jack it’s okay to not learn everything at once, that he’ll get there eventually, and right now skating is really all he needs to worry about.
“Kevin, yes,” Crowley agrees. “And the other spineless one, Corbett. Rookies are all cowards but we can convince them to do it. As long as it doesn’t show they’re the ones talking.”
“Dean. I wouldn’t have allowed him to take you back there. Regardless of whether he’d succeeded to kill you, your soul no longer has a signature on it claiming it for Hell. Without that in place even a demon as powerful as Alastair was would have extreme difficulty pulling it down to the pit without the aid of a reaper or a hellhound. I would’ve had time to stop him, and either the archangels would’ve directed me to resurrect you again or I would’ve taken your soul to Heaven. At no point would you have ever returned to Hell.”
“No, I understand, I was just extremely shocked,” Cas says eventually. “I wasn’t expecting you to say that, or to reciprocate my feelings.”
“Not to sound like your bonehead boyfriend, but Castiel, you’re an incredible dumbass,” Gabriel comments, very unhelpfully. “And - y’know what, no, this is unacceptable! You’re way too smart to do things this stupid! So you’re off screwing the pooch right now, huh?”
Thin tracks of moisture trickle down both of their faces. For a moment, a moment Castiel likely doesn’t have to waste, they stare at each other in silence.
He spins around so fast he actually flings himself off the bed, and stares up from the floor at Jack, whose hand is still raised in greeting.
A head-shake. “Dude, my ‘natural way of living’ is drinking myself to sleep alone on my living room couch. Intrude all you want. You really gonna sit there saying shit like that when I’m being all vulnerable over here?”
He gets the disappointed-but-not-surprised look from John, which he was kinda expecting. From the next stall over, Benny reaches a hand to slap his shoulder pad supportively. He’s such a good friend, Dean would probably lose his mind without Benny…
“Yeah well maybe a world that doesn’t have you in it isn’t one I wanna live in, Cas,” Dean whispers, obviously working not to let his face crumple. “And you didn’t even gimme the chance to say it back.”
“Sounds about right,” Sam whispers. “Cas… I get why you don’t wanna tell Dean. Really, as awful as this all is, I get that. And probably in your shoes I’d do the same thing. But um. I wish you would’a told me at least and not let me figure it out on my own.”
“Dean,” he groans in that exasperated way that’s so familiar after over a decade of them being bitchy to each other.
None of the angels are paying much attention to him because they’re way too busy trying to kill each other, so he’s got plenty of space to slash open his palm and start drawing the sigil. One of them finally notices right as he’s putting the last lines in place and moves to stop him, which Cas is clearly not cool with - the dumbass more or less dives between Dean and the other angel.
Cole is charging after the puck, but a Canadien is closer and scoops it up first. Dean and Benny struggle to catch up and stop a one-on-one situation, because Garth is good but he shouldn’t just get hung out to dry like that. Dean almost throws himself off balance while body-checking the Hab off the puck and snagging it for himself, but he gets himself recentered in time to saucer-pass to Lee Webb, who’s switched places with Crowley. The third four-on-four unit changes on man by man, and the last to get on the bench again is Dean once he has an opening to trade spots with Jesse.
“My doctor and my therapist both warned me about this. Especially considering the extent of my injuries and how they’ve rendered me helpless, I may be prone to depression during the recovery period. I believe I’m experiencing some of that.”
“Okay, I guess. He said it’d work better if I don’t jump right to the conclusion of ‘this guy is a quack’ so I’m tryna not do that.”
“It’s fine, and so is he. Dean watched him for an afternoon and Jack instantly made friends with him, he keeps asking to have Dean babysit him again.”
“Yeah, it reams poles into things. Kinda like what we’re gonna be doing,” he elaborates, twirling the angel blade theatrically to help make his point.
“Maybe not. But…” Dean stops and thinks for a second. “Y’know, my dad was a great hunter, and I loved him. But he wasn’t an easy guy to be around. And there’s a lotta times I didn’t think he loved me back. If I had a chance now to have him back, I don’t think…” Cas nudges him internally to finish his thought, to finally admit it, not just to Jack but to himself. “No. I
As soon as the first finger wasn’t causing him pain, Cas slammed a second finger in Dean’s hole. He scisered Dean open once, twice, and then he was gone. Dean waited, hoping that maybe three fingers would return, but instead he got a barely-lubed butt plug. Dean and Cas had purchased various sizes of butt plugs, designed to be used during kinds of activities they were planning, and Dean could tell this was the smallest one they owned. Cas slammed the plug all the way in, then with startling gentileness, started fucking Dean with it, rubbing deliciously against his prostate. Dean bit his lip and grabbed the ropes, trying with all his might to not make a sound.
“I know, baby. I know it's annoying,” Dean said one Friday night as Fluffy sat on his lap and repeatedly slapped him in the chest with the hurt paw, “but we gotta keep it on so you can get better. Please be patient with me, bud.”
“And,” Dean continued as Cas kept playing with the come dripping out of Dean’s asshole, “I also wouldn’t be too upset if we started a thing. I know it’s fast, and you don’t even have a place to stay, but I’d like to give this a try.”
Again, Dean would never admit it, but he let Fluffy sleep in his bed that night. And he liked it. He liked how the little black (or upon closer inspection the really, really dark brown) cat curled up against his side and purred contentedly. Dean slept better than he had in weeks.
Dean, meanwhile, was moaning like a wanton whore. He tried with all his might to thrust back on Cas, but he could do little more than lay there. Cas’ arm was pinning him with seemingly superhuman strength, and his mouth must have been from another planet.
Dean wasn’t a piece of cake on a good day, and all of his coworkers expected this grieving process to go on for a little longer. But here he was, doing his job and whistling while he worked. Dean wasn’t one to whistle. People knew he was enjoying himself if he managed to not throw a bitch fit, but he was not an overly happy guy.
Dean made sure to pay attention to every part of Cas’ dick. He licked every square inch twice over, making sure Cas was thoroughly cleaned up. When Cas had decided that he was clean enough, he grabbed Dean by the hair and yanked him off. “Go finish the laundry,” Cas ordered.
“A cat? Dude you hate cats. Also you’re allergic. What is this? Is this about Bella?” Dean could hear the pity through the phone.
Dean started fucking himself harder, faster, and then all of the sudden Cas was throwing him on his back and fucking into him with abandon. “But you forget, Dean, that you should not have needs. You are simply a warm hole for me to use. You are nothing more than a living fleshlight. You are my toy, my tool, my slave.”
On that note they hung up. Fluffy looked like he was going to be occupying Dean’s lap for the foreseeable future, so against his better judgement, Dean decided that he didn’t need coffee immediately. He turned on his TV and just watched reruns of whatever was on, and that was pretty much how the rest of his weekend went.
A couple minutes later, the bell above the door chimed, and Dean looked up. There stood Castiel, looking like he had just rolled out of bed, looking around. He caught Dean’s eye, and Castiel’s whole face lit up, even though he didn’t actually smile.
Cas leaned down and placed a tender kiss on Dean’s lips, hugging him close. They stayed like that for a while, just cuddling. Dean felt like he could breathe again, like there wasn’t this weight on his shoulders anymore. He felt so safe and secure in the arms of this beautiful, strong, perfect man that he was in love with.
“Yes, sir. I love it so much.” Dean was crying again. Cas was hitting his prostate with every other thrust and he could have come yesterday, and everything hurt. His cock hurt from lack of release. His ass hurt from the flogging he had taken. His hole hurt from Cas’ monster cock splitting him open. His scalp hurt from Cas pulling his hair. His shoulders hurt from how he was tied up. God, it was the most delicious feeling.
“Come on, boy, let me hear you.” Cas was fucking him hard and fast now, slamming his hips against his ass, making Dean slam against the counter.
Cas sighed, knowing Dean was not going to let this go. He started up again, but softer this time. By the time they reached twenty, Dean could feel blood dripping down the back of his thighs and precome dripping down the insides.
The next morning Dean woke up and felt like death himself. His mouth was all weird and fuzzy and it tasted bad, and his head hurt like a bitch. He shuffled out of bed and down the stairs to the kitchen. He grabbed four Aleve and a glass of water and downed it all. Then, he dragged himself over to his couch and turned on the tv, puting Dr. Sexy, MD on. He watched for a while, and eventually fell asleep. When he woke up, his head felt a lot better. He felt more like a human now.
When he awoke, or maybe came-to was a more accurate description, Cas was thrusting shallowly into his mouth. Cas was fully hard now, and as soon as Dean’s brain got with the program, he  started working his throat, but he kept his head still, letting Cas take control.
“Strip,” Was all Cas said, and Dean fumbled to take his boxers off without standing up. When they had been discarded, Dean kneeled back at Cas’ feet and waited. Cas reached to the end table and grabbed the collar that was sitting there and wrapped it around Dean’s throat. He fastened it to the tightness that Dean liked. Cas tugged on the d-ring, wrapped his fingers lightly around Dean’s neck, stroked his cheek, and just lathered Dean with gentile and possessive caresses. Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair again, tugging lightly at the hairs at the base of Dean’s neck.
Dean saw when Cas’ feet first crossed the threshold into the living room, but Cas did not see him right away. Dean could feel his heart in his throat, against his collar, as he waited patiently for Cas to notice him. Cas was mid step when he finally saw Dean. He had his back heel lifted up, about to take a step when he froze, put his heel down, and turned his feet so toes were facing Dean. Dean could hardly breathe. He could feel a blush eating his skin, from his cheeks all the way through his shoulders, and he just blushed harder when he remembered that Cas liked when he looked like that.
Everyone was upset. Bella had become a fixture in the shop, and they didn't know how to handle it without her. Garth even cried a little.
Dean made a half-assed attempt at a smile, and then his eyes fell to the table between them. At that point, Jo came over and took their orders. Dean got a beer and a double bacon cheeseburger with extra onions. Cas just smiled and got the same.
“Fuck, sir. I love taking your fat cock. I love being used for your pleasure. Please, sir, come in me. Fill me and plug me up. Please.” Dean was achingly hard now, tears streaming down the sides of his face. The death grip that Cas had on his hips made it impossible to get any friction on his neglected dick.
Alas, this is the last chapter. It does contain smut, so watch out ;) I'm pretty new to writing smut, so please let me know what you think.
Dean took a moment to collect his thoughts before responding, wanting to articulate his thoughts. “Well, don’t get me wrong, this is hella weird. But I like you too, Cas. I’m not entirely sure where you are wanting to go from here, but I’m having a helluva good time.”
When they finally got there, Cas slammed Dean against the wall of his bedroom, crowding into his space, and pinning him with his left forearm. Cas rubbed his nose against Dean’s jaw, then down to the sensitive spot right below his left ear, inhaling deeply. Cas sighed contentedly, and then started mouthing at Dean’s neck.
It wasn’t so much that Dean gave a flying fuck what other people thought of him, but he really hated being yelled at, especially about his work. He was a good mechanic and he knew it. This was his big dream, to own his own garage, so when someone criticized him about it, it hit him like a ton of bricks. It hit him in the wound that had never healed, from all those people telling him that he would never make it, that he wasn’t good enough.
“Shut up, silly. I want to see the come dripping out of your ass. It makes me feel good.” Cas positioned himself, laying calmly behind Dean and just staring at his butt.
“Bobby,” Dean said and he barged in his office door without permission, “I need something to do. Do you have any paperwork or anything that I could take home with me?” Dean practically rolled his eyes even though he was the only one who spoke.
The house that Dean and Cas shared was not large by any means, but it was big enough that the living room was separated from the entryway, and they were not in view of one another. Dean grabbed his favorite pillow, and set it next to the couch against the far wall, so that he would be the last thing Cas saw when he walked in. He kneeled, clasped his hands behind his back, looked down, and waited.
Dean was giving as good as he got. With every sharp thrust of Cas’ hip, he was clenching and thrusting back. He was moaning like a wanton whore, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. Cas started roughly stripping his cock, hitting the cock ring on every downstroke. Cas’ other hand was leaving bruises on his hip.
Guess I might as well get something done today, Dean thought with a sigh. He got up and brushed his teeth, feeling like his mouth was free of the animal that seemed to be growing on his tongue.
Dean vaguely recalls the woman telling him about Bella's remains, but not really. In reality, he was just counting down the seconds until this woman was out of his house.
“Hnggg,” was Dean’s only response. At this point, he had realized that he wasn’t going to come, and he was just frustrated.
They just stayed like that for a few moments. Dean began to settle into his position, just letting a fraction of the tension release from his shoulders, when Cas slammed into him. Cas started a hard and fast pace, not giving Dean even a moment to adjust. Dean was almost choking with the way that Cas was using his collar as leverage.
“Fuck,” Cas panted “Dean, you are so beautiful. Look at you, all spread and waiting for me.” Cas’ hooded eyes appraised him, before he asked Dean for the lube. Dean scrambled, suddenly feeling like his limbs were all the wrong size. He handed the bottle to Cas, and Cas looked at the label like it was the most interesting thing in the world.
“Ah, you don’t think? That’s reassuring. Well if you don’t think he’s cuckoo crazy-town, then I’m sure it’ll be fine. Now, instead of worrying your pretty little head, why don’t you do something productive? You could shower, and then you could do your hair, you could do some manscaping, you-”
“Jesus, Charles! You don’t have a right to talk about my ‘manscaping’ or whatever, especially considering the fact that you don’t even play for my team.”
At some point, just working late wasn’t enough to distract Dean from his feelings, so one night he went to Bobby’s office.
“Yeah. Lets have some post-coiltal cuddling while your come dries in my ass so that I have something to do in the shower later,” the last part came out as a chuckle. Cas’ eyes lit up at that and he threw himself back on the bed. Here was the animalistic behavior from Cas, when he grabbed Dean’s hips, and forcefully spread his legs.
Cas adjusted a bit, so he and Dean were eye to eye. “I love you too, Dean. So very much.” Cas placed a gentile kiss on Dean’s forehead. Dean fell asleep shortly thereafter.
“No Jo, it's not like that.” Dean replied, rolling his eyes. “I’m just having a chat with a friend. Calm down.” Jo slapped him lightly on the arm with a menu, and brought him to a secluded corner of the diner. Dean sat with his back to the wall so that he was visible from the entrance.
After about three weeks, Fluffy was basically a new cat. He was healing way more quickly than Dean would have thought. According to Google, it takes cats four to six weeks for their legs to heal, and Dean was ready for the whole six weeks. But in half of that time, Fluffy was running and jumping around putting weight on his paw, and yelling at Dean and smacking him in the face with his hurt paw.
Dean tried his damndest to make the most of this unexpected time off. He went to the grocery store and picked up some ingredients for some recipes that he wanted to try. Then he went to a diner that he had also been meaning to try for a long time, but that he had never gotten around to. I guess that’s just life for ya, Dean thought, it gets in the way of the little things.
Dean felt good. His muscles ached pleasantly, his ass was open and very sore and still so full. Cas’ weight was a grounding feeling, heavy and comforting.
Dean walked back into the garage, and found the old radio that he always listens to as he worked. When he found the old rock station that he usually listened to, he turned the volume as loud as it can go without blowing out the speakers.
“No,” Cas said in not quite a yell, but more than just a firm voice, “you didn’t think you just acted.” Cas sighed. “I suppose you’ll have to be punished. Am I correct in assuming that you touched yourself?” Dean nodded solemnly. Cas sighed again and turned to walk towards the kitchen.
No! He shook himself out of it. He would not go for a run. Runs were for him and Bella, and no matter how much it looked like it, this was not the beginning of another depressive episode. Fuck no its not. This is the healthiest mental state I’ve ever been in! I’m doing great! On that note...
