John just sighed tiredly. “I’ve seen mental illness, and that’s not really it. Psychosis, maybe, but - locking her up in complete isolation is not how you treat it. She’s in there because she’s too dangerous - and too clever. But we’ve had this conversation a thousand times, you know.”
Somehow, they made it to the edge, and as they clambered out of the water, he finally blacked out. The last thing he saw was Sherlock’s concerned face and Rachel’s teary one - and then he passed into oblivion.
“I love you too, you stupid git.” John said, releasing him and turning back to the forms. They sorted in silence for a while, but it was boring work, and it wasn’t long before John spoke again.
So he did the only logical thing: he turned around, slammed the door, and locked himself inside his room.
Lestrade smiled and nodded. For once, he understood all the unspoken thoughts that Sherlock was throwing his way.
John emerged from the kitchen and offered Mycroft a cup of tea. “Yea, you were off your tits almost all the time, Sherlock. Although now that I’m here, Mycroft can get rid of those keys.”
“It’s right in front of you.” John retorted, but handed him the shaker anyway. Sherlock caught his hand.
“Yes. I suppose that’s why she saved my life. We never did get along. We only pretended to, for your sake.”
“I’ve been thinking, and putting the pieces together - you’re not obliged to tell me anything, of course, but - you remember our meeting with Moriarty by the pool?”
Someone had lit all the candles, giving the church a soft glow. There was something solemn about the empty pews, the high windows, and the deserted room, and he tried to muffle his footsteps. He could see John sitting on one of the benches, staring down at a piece of paper. Even from here, Sherlock recognized it - Mary’s letter.
“I know. That’s why we both laughed for ten minutes straight.” John said. “How did you know I’d get drunk tonight?”
Mycroft’s demeanour immediately changed. He understood exactly what Sherlock wanted to talk to him about.
He refused to speak after that. The nurse nodded morosely at them, then wheeled him back in. Sherlock let his posture relax for a minute, feeling strangely relieved. He turned around and started down the dirt path to the gate. He would go to his parents’ for lunch and then go home, he decided.
John nodded sympathetically, feeling slightly impatient. He’d already been talking to Mr Oliver for half an hour, but the man showed no signs of relenting. He kept topping up Mr Oliver’s glass in the hope that he would finally fall asleep, but he had only just started slurring.
“Okay. I’ll figure out how to slip away from Mr Oliver once I’m inside. Do you think I should check James’ room?”
“It was her husband’s cartel, she was just typing.” Sherlock said automatically, “But I do see what you’re driving at.”
“Those games were a mere sample of her true abilities, brother mine. She murdered three innocent men - alright, one of them was guilty. She killed the Governor and his wife solely for the purpose of her barbaric experiments. She almost made you shoot
Sherlock spent the day alternating between Rosie and John’s rooms, seeing to it that they were fed and watered. Rosie slept for the most part. The few times that she threw a tantrum, Sherlock was there to pick her up, and she would almost instantly cease her crying. As soon as she fell asleep, he would run to John’s room. If John was asleep, Sherlock held his hand, not caring if anyone saw him. If he was awake, they talked about Sherlock’s case, the missing cabbie and Rosie’s condition. When John awoke, Sherlock would try to pull his hand away, but sometimes, he wasn’t fast enough. On these occasions, John didn’t try to disentangle his fingers. Sherlock put it down to the sedatives.
John turned on his side to face Sherlock, and Sherlock’s breath hitched in his throat. John was trying to put on his best I’m a soldier face, but Sherlock knew him well enough to see through it. He had definitely never imagined that his death had such a profound effect on John. He slowly took John’s hand and put it on his chest, right over his heart.
John tried to smile reassuringly. “Look, we really don’t want to pressure you into talking about this, but every single detail - everything helps.”
He leant down and helped John up, slinging John’s arm around his shoulders. He half-carried, half-dragged him to his bedroom and gently dumped him on the bed.
Sherlock was quiet. The very thought that anyone would want to hurt Mrs Hudson made his blood boil. “You should’ve told us earlier, Mrs Hudson. I would’ve tracked this reptile down. I would’ve made them pay.”
He was convinced that all the affectionate gestures were going to make him spontaneously combust. John’s concerned face loomed above him, legs shifting slightly so that Sherlock could rest his head better. Just for a second, John’s thumb slipped out and touched the scar on Sherlock’s lower lip, guilt flashing across his face. Before he could do something stupid like kiss John’s finger, he sat up abruptly.
“Yes, but you won’t get anything out of him. He doesn’t even remember whether he left the main door unlocked or not. All he told me was that he made plans for a party that night, but then I asked him to fill in and he desperately needed the money, so he decided to turn up. He left only a few minutes after I did. His exact words were ‘all that old cog does is snore and drool, he doesn’t need me’.”
Mr Oliver was silent for a while, contemplating John’s words. “I suppose you’re right.” he finally said, “Besides, I do have Charlotte.”
“There were bottles of liquor kept in plain sight in a glass cabinet. Tell me, if you were trying to wean Harry off of the alcohol, would you keep it where she could see it?”
“Wait - you’re gay?” John asked, as they began walking down the street, Sherlock still pulling him along like an excited child at a fair.
“She’s going to grow up before we even realise it.” John said wistfully, watching Rosie totter around the room. She’d taken her first steps the week before (“Oh, you’re home. Rosie walked today.” “I told you to call me when that happened, Sherlock!”) and was now taking every opportunity to explore the flat.
It was well past midnight, and Sherlock was pacing up and down now. Mr Holmes and John were both asleep, and Mycroft sat at some distance from them, staring unwaveringly ahead. After a while, Sherlock sat down beside him and took a deep breath.
Sherlock materialized soundlessly at his shoulder. “Time to go, John. Oh, hello, Sebastian. Didn’t expect to see you here.”
He held Irene’s gaze for what felt like an eternity, trying to gauge the emotions flitting across her face.
John closed his eyes again, breathing deeply. He still felt woozy from the sedatives. Sherlock squeezed his hand and he squeezed back. Strangely enough, it felt perfectly natural that Sherlock should be at his side, holding his hand and comforting him. He had no idea what was going on in his head, but he knew that he would’ve been perfectly content to lie there, fingers intertwined with Sherlock’s, if he hadn’t been so worried about Rosie.
John had barely started ascending the staircase when he heard Sherlock calling him. He sighed. He’d spent a long, arduous day dealing with the most obnoxious patients, and the last thing he needed was Sherlock asking him to take his phone out of the coat pocket because he was too lazy to reach it (not that he minded fishing around in Sherlock’s coat, as long as Sherlock was wearing it). As the door to 221B swung open, however, he realized exactly why Sherlock needed his help.
“That would be too much of a coincidence.” Sherlock told him. “The very people who led me to the secrets I’ve found also have names from which coded anagrams can be formed? Highly unlikely. The message was a side effect, so to speak. A touch of drama. Whoever’s behind this probably played around with permutations and combinations for quite a while before hitting on this particular sequence of crimes.”
“And then I found out that you were on drugs again. I’ll admit, I was angry. Mary died to save your life, and you were ready to throw it away with both hands. Then you roped me along to help with Culverton, and for the first time in days, I felt like my old self. Then I just started feeling guilty again, because I was supposed to be sad about Mary. One afternoon with you was enough to dull the pain, and that just made me feel even worse.”
“She’s the same as she was a few days ago. Talking to the nurses a little, playing music, taking her medication.”
- and couldn’t help smiling even more. Mentally scolding himself for being so stupidly sentimental, he looked up from his phone, aware that Irene was saying something.
Sherlock began telling him about all the events which had taken place since Irene’s visit to Sherrinford, leaving out the few details that seemed too personal. All five break-ins, what they’d discovered about Eurus and Irene, Mrs Hudson’s connection with Sebastian Moran, the Golem’s death, Noel’s attempted suicide and the consequences (he omitted the details of his hilltop conversation with John, only briefly mentioning that the water had evoked some traumatic memories of his time in Afghanistan), Rosie’s kidnapping and Molly signing the body away, the anagram formed by the names, the numbers and colours that he still hadn’t figured out…
“Kids, please.” Mr Holmes said wearily. “Not here. Just keep your guards with you, dear. I’m sure they won’t disturb us.”
The thought made his gut twist painfully and he dropped into his armchair. He checked his phone to several texts from Mycroft, detailing the angry messages he’d received from John in the past hour. Sherlock couldn’t stop his mouth from lifting into a smile at the screenshots. John had used some very expressive phrases, including
She had to take a moment to compose herself then, but quickly continued in a more steady voice. “Last night, Noel and I were upstairs in our rooms, and we heard some noises downstairs. Both of us were too scared to go check, so we just stood at the top of the staircase and shone a torch down, and we saw...him. Again. Just staring at us from the bottom, and then he turned around and left. I pulled Noel inside my room, locked us both inside, and called the police. We stayed inside the room the entire time, and when the police finally came, they searched the house with a fine tooth comb. But they couldn’t find anyone.”
John thought. Maybe it had something to do with their utter isolation, or the fact that Sherlock’s face was so close to his that he could almost count his eyelashes - but suddenly he needed Sherlock to
. John broke away, and the gleam in his eyes sent a jolt of something inexplicable through Sherlock.
“What did I ever do to deserve you?” he asked, pulling John into a hug. John paused for a moment, surprised at the sudden show of affection, but then squeezed Sherlock so tightly that for a moment he almost couldn’t breathe.
“You are one insecure sociopath.” John commented, taking it and rubbing some feeling into his surprisingly icy fingers.
“Any idea how Sherlock’s doing now?” Sebastian asked. “I heard he died for a bit there. Couldn’t have been easy.”
“Obviously. There’s been no media coverage about the break-in at Oliver’s, so this definitely isn’t some sort of fad. No, the same person is behind them. I need to find a connection between the two crimes. John, try to remember where you’ve seen Bertha Adams. It could help.”
Noel half-smiled at them, gaze flitting between the two, slightly awed. “I’ll leave you to it, then. Try not to question mom too much. She’s had a rough couple of weeks, but she keeps insisting that she can handle it.”
She smiled at him. “Ah, you’re deducing. Don’t worry, I’ll tell you everything you could possibly want to know. After all -” she lightly bumped her foot against his leg “- we have all the time in the world.”
John nodded. “So that kiss was just a kiss, then? If you didn’t feel the same way, Sherlock, you could’ve told me."
“Not bad.” Sherlock admitted, “But as always, Watson, you ignore the possible in favour of the probable. Your limited human vision is clouded, whereas I view the affair with crystal clarity.”
John was pleased to see that the spare bedroom, where Irene was no doubt staying, was right next to it. He entered quickly and shut the door behind him. He noticed a bed, a dresser, a closet, and a big suitcase.
No such thoughts seemed to bother John.They hadn’t told anyone about them yet, save Mrs Hudson - things were too new and fragile and Sherlock had a gut feeling that John was trying to ease him into things slowly. Part of him knew that it wasn’t just for him; John was still trying to figure himself out.
John looked down at the sheet of paper. There was a prickly feeling at the back of his throat, but he swallowed his doubts and moved on.
“I understand you wanting to take Irene Adler with you, but why Doctor Watson? Surely he would like to stay as far away as possible.”
“I don’t know.” Noel said vaguely, snapping back to the present. “Literature, I suppose. Er - is everything you write on the blog true?”
Another door opened, and their mother peeped up at them from the bottom of the stairs, half-frowning, half-smiling.
“Sherlock.” John said, gripping his hand tightly to shut him up. “Stop. That had nothing to do with you being the prick that you always are. That was me, all me, and I was in a horrible state of mind. By the time I got home from the hospital, I’d really just had enough.”
“In any case, it’s safe to assume he didn’t share his information; he preferred to keep secrets until he could use them as leverage. Who else?”
Mycroft listened carefully, expression growing ever graver. When Sherlock had finally finished talking, Mycroft leaned back thoughtfully, mind too occupied to mock him for not solving everything.
Sherlock thought. John frantically tried to revive Noel, and after a few seconds, Noel coughed water. Only when he was able to sit up and breathe properly did John rest easy.
Mrs Hudson took another gulp of tea. “She told me that she’d been receiving anonymous threats. Someone was prepared to put all the information about her past with the cartel straight into the hands of the police. I suppose she thought I was being threatened, too.”
The hill was just as Noel had described it. From the summit, Sherlock could see the woods and the knoll of grassy land stretching away around it. The setting sun bathed the view in soft light, and the best part of it all was that there wasn't a soul around for miles. Except for, well, John, who was currently struggling to set up the tent.
Her smile vanished, and she cocked her head, now inspecting Irene. She picked up the violin and began to play a mournful piece, eyes never leaving Irene. Sherlock recognized the music instantly. It was the song he’d composed back when he first met Irene; the one he’d played to Eurus when she told him, “Play you.”
He turned around to see that Rosie was awake and was gearing up for a tantrum, all sniffles and whines. She couldn’t
“I’ll have you know,” he finally said, “That that man, Sherlock Holmes, happens to be the best damn person I know. He’s also my boyfriend, so you can shove your unwanted opinion right up your -”
“I’ll come with you.” Eurus said, and Mycroft raised an eyebrow. He didn’t like the idea of leaving Sherlock alone with Eurus again, even guarded, but he couldn’t control her every movement - not around their father, at least.
“Just ignore him.” John said, but she had already drifted away. “Sherlock, that was a bit not good.”
Sherlock was pretty sure that bruise first-aid didn’t really require him to lie down, but he wasn’t foolish enough to pass up a chance like this, so he obeyed. When John placed one hand in his curls, Sherlock seriously debated his decision. It was a good idea to keep the bruised area elevated to reduce blood flow, and he was about 99% sure that he was blushing scarlet.
“Wha- yes, they did!” said John indignantly, “Besides, I don’t want some malicious bacteria species ruining Rosie’s milk. These chemicals must go, too.”
“Wouldn’t understand what?” Sherlock asked. He was painfully aware of the fact that Irene had somehow slid closer to him, and had an inkling that she had done it unintentionally.
“He was in bed, but I realized that his bedside lamp was broken. So I went to wake him up and then I noticed that his eyes were open, but he- he wasn’t breathing. I called the police then, and they said - they said - ” He broke down completely.
So I was wondering if any of you would be interested in making some cover art for this fic. I can’t draw for the life of me, and I know there are some crazily talented artists out there. Fanart, edits, manips - anything works. I’d really appreciate it. If you can help, please message me on Tumblr (usuallynotusual) or Twitter (snowflake3799)
“Sherlock! I thought we had talked about this. God, I wish Mary were here to see this.” John sighed and hugged her tighter. She squirmed out of his embrace and stared at Sherlock, then declared, “Dadda.”
They both sat in silence for a while, staring out of the window. Irene finally spoke. “Well, this entire ordeal has taught me one thing.”
This got Sherlock’s attention. He’d always had an uneasy feeling where Eurus was concerned, and he’d put it down to guilt, but now he was starting to wonder if it was something else. Something more like frustration at a puzzle he couldn’t solve...
John rocked her to sleep, then took her back to her cot in the living room. Sherlock was still sitting on the sofa, limbs curled up tight now, the same stoic expression on his face. Although the newscaster had moved on to a different story, he was still staring at the TV.
women. He was preparing to rebuke John for the millionth time, when Billy Wiggins appeared in the doorway. His mood immediately lightened. He’d had Billy and the homeless network hunting out the Golem for weeks, and this visit could only mean something important.
He was getting a little worried that John would notice his elevated heart rate, but he could also see that John was starting to doze off. Not wanting to disturb him, he lay perfectly still, still holding John’s hand to his chest. Long after John’s peaceful snores had filled the room, Sherlock lay there, mulling over his words. He could’ve stayed with John for an eternity, but he could hear Rosie sniffling from the sitting room, so he carefully disentangled himself.
“Oh, that woman didn’t fake her death. No chance of her faking cancer; she was clearly too unwell to take care of the garden for some time before she died. Anyone else?”
As John inspected the bandage on his hand, he thought back to his time in the hospital. He wasn’t sure how much was real and how much he had dreamt, but he was almost convinced that he’d woken up to Sherlock holding his hand.
“ - maybe it would help if you looked at the bigger picture. Connect and compare the crimes by their broader similarities.”
And the hand-holding - Sherlock had never known that there were so many kinds. When they were chasing criminals, there was the steady, strong grasp. When either of them was tired or frustrated or sad, there was the soft, reassuring squeeze. When someone awoke from a nightmare, there was the desperate, white-knuckled clutch. When they felt an overwhelming surge of happiness, there was the finger-linking, like jigsaw pieces meant to fit together.
When Sherlock entered the room, Noel dropped his book. Sherlock glanced around - there were books and clothes everywhere. The desk was cluttered with a pile of assignments. The general mess reminded him of their living room, with all its toys and baby clothes.
“Nick’s dead daughter broke in an hour ago.” Lestrade informed them. “He’s upstairs and in no state to talk to anyone, but feel free to look around the house. Mycroft got you the required permission.”
It was late evening, and Mrs Holmes had just fallen asleep again, presumably for the night. Sherlock pulled John out into the corridor, and they went downstairs. John chattered away about bedding and nightclothes and suggested he take a trip to the Holmes’ place to pick their stuff up. The moment they stepped outside, Sherlock shut him up with a kiss, suddenly very aware that he hadn’t even brushed his teeth.
A/N: I spent FOREVER writing this chapter, and it somehow turned into 2300 words of pure fluff. Oh well, one can never have enough Johnlock fluff.
“Oh.” John shifted closer. “Is it also a good time to do this?” He pressed a small, fleeting kiss to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock smiled and shrugged.
As John stepped out into the crisp London air, someone asked, “Cab, sir?” John nodded and loaded himself into the back of the black car. He quickly gave the cabbie directions to Molly’s house. As they wound through the busy streets of London, he frowned and looked around. Something seemed wrong. They weren’t on the path he always took to Molly’s. In fact, by now they were somewhere else entirely; a rather isolated stretch of road with a few trees on either side. He was about to ask the cabbie where they were going, when the car gave an almighty lurch and swerved sharply. He barely had time to shield Rosie with his body before the car crashed into a tree - and after that, he saw red.
Sherlock opened one eye, wishing that John would stop blundering around under the delusion that he was interested in the Woman, or
“There was a funeral, you know. We kept it small and personal. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Molly, Mycroft. A veiled woman who I think was Irene Adler. A handful of your homeless network. I was one of the pallbearers. The coffin was empty, apparently, but it was still one of the heaviest things I’ve ever carried.”
. Mark knew about Noel’s beating - he’s evidently a heavy drinker, probably had a drink too many and yelled about it at the pub. Someone heard him and decided to manipulate it as part of a bigger plan - oh, this is deeper than I imagined…”
Since Rosie’s birth, Harry had been trying hard, too - perhaps making up for lost time. She’d promised to stay clean so that she could help with Rosie, and John had a feeling she’d stick to her word this time. He had surreptitiously checked the kitchen cabinets, the trashcan, even peeked under her bad for any bottles or flasks. He’d come up with nothing except piles and piles of crumpled paper - some project she was working on for work (although he never quite understood how she managed to hold down her job).
be hungry; she had drained a bottle of milk just before breakfast. He peered at her, wondering what her problem was. When she saw him, the whining immediately stopped, and she held out her arms. He sighed and picked her up, then returned to the wall and surveyed his handiwork.
“I’ll be up late thinking, so you may as well take the bedroom.” Sherlock continued, “Don’t try to speak to me before tomorrow or I might throw something at you. No, you can leave Rosie here.”
Sherlock bristled. “Oh, all right. I thought it would be a nice change for you, since you’re always griping about bloody London air and the honking, but if you’re going to be so - “
“Yes.” she said, “But then I decided to leave. I changed my identity. When I got in touch with Moriarty, he managed to get my file out. All traces of Charlotte Oliver were deleted - hard copies, soft copies, everything.”
Sherlock peered through the open kitchen door to John’s sleeping frame on the sofa, pangs of longing in his stomach. How he wanted to go over there and shift John’s head to his lap, stroke his hair softly, and just watch him sleep. But he knew it wasn’t possible. The living, breathing proof was now snoring in his arms. He wound a lock of Rosie’s hair around his finger and thought of Mary and her lingering presence. John still missed her, obviously, but his initial stages of grief had passed. Sherlock missed her, too, but he could deal with it as long as he had John.
“No, no, that’s not what I meant. I meant for the future.” John seemed hesitant to bring the topic up, as if afraid of what answer he might get. “You’re eventually going to get too old to run about solving crimes and handling clients all day. Or do you plan on being a consulting detective till you’re grey and old? Because I can see you doing that too, to be quite honest.”
The photos on the table caught her eye. She stared for a moment, then recognition and horror blanched her face, and she swooned. Sherlock and John caught her and lay her down on the sofa, bewildered.
“No action is ever random.” he said to John’s empty chair. “Why paint it yellow and not red, then? If yellow, then why
They were on the couch, all three of them, Sherlock sitting with Rosie on his shoulders. John was sprawled out with his feet in Sherlock’s lap, alternating between staring at the TV and Rosie and Sherlock.
Sherlock grunted as he disentangled himself from the blanket. “A very good morning to you too, Mycroft. I’m assuming Mrs Hudson let you in at the front door and you had a spare key made for this apartment some time ago.”
She didn’t mind this particular visit, though. At least it gave her a chance to get off that blasted island. It made her miss the freedom of movement she had enjoyed before her brothers arrived at Sherrinford.
“No. Look at me.” Sherlock tilted John’s face up and met his eyes. “It’s you. It’s always you, John Watson. Didn’t you know?”
John stepped over and carefully examined the corpse. “Early teens, I’d say. Been dead for a day, yes...looks like asphyxiation. Oh.” He suddenly went very quiet. “Sherlock, look at this.”
John snorted, and both of them looked at him, bewildered. “I’m sorry, it’s just...you Holmes brothers. Neither of you can say words like relationship, dating, couple or boyfriend out loud.”
“I’m usually too busy yelling at you to stop shooting the wall. Good thing I confiscated the guns this time. Sherlock...I’ve been thinking about what you said.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. John paused for a minute to stare at him, then took a deep breath and kept talking, as if he knew that if he stopped now, he might never be able to say everything he wanted to.
Sherlock shook his head, John stared at him in disbelief, and they lapsed into awkward silence once again.
On hearing the strangled cry, Sherlock immediately grabbed his gun from the bedroom table and ran out, heart thumping hard.
Sherlock dropped his phone and leaned back in his chair, stretching listlessly. He watched John moving around the room, settling Rosie in her crib, picking up stray diapers and flashcards. John had come back from lunch with Harry decidedly relaxed - that was a good sign. A few months ago, he used to stomp around the flat for
Sherlock swung out of bed, all annoyance at being woken up gone, replaced by eagerness and something akin to excitement. He was already half-dressed when he remembered John, who was currently snoring somewhere in the tangle of sheets. For a moment, he considered leaving John be - Rosie was at Molly’s and this had to be the first time he was getting a good night’s sleep. But he knew John would hate him for leaving him out of the loop, so he gently prodded him.
John’s hands pressed lower, on his shoulder blades, on his back, and he felt his face heat up. Even through the dressing gown, he could feel the warm softness of John’s hands. This was
“John, what on God’s green earth? You nearly gave me a heart attack. The next time you need help changing a diaper, you could just shake me awake -”
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat as he remembered A Study In Pink, and the exact moment when he had realized that John had been the one who shot Jeff Hope. They’d barely just met, but John had killed a man for him, and Sherlock had realized that maybe, just maybe, he wanted to keep John Hamish Watson in his life.
“I can’t tell you her real name, boys, sorry.” Mrs Hudson said, “She was in the inner ring of my husband’s drug cartel. Her brother, too, but he wasn’t too keen on it. He tried to get out multiple times. After my husband’s execution, the cartel collapsed, they both changed their identities, and I never heard from them again.”
John was starting to get distinctly worried now. This was typical post-case Sherlock behaviour, but there was something unnaturally hard in his voice. He followed Sherlock into their flat, and was positive he saw him square his shoulders before he turned around.
John hesitated. There were still years of bad blood between him and his sister, and he wasn’t exactly up for discussing Sholto with her (or anyone else, for that matter). Fortunately, someone knocked on the door, and with a hastily muttered “Later.” he hung up. He opened the door to find Molly Hooper on the doorstep, holding Rosie, who squealed and reached out for him.
“No. She died.” John said, voice trembling slightly. “It’s just like you said. Here one day, gone the next.”
He’d have to leave John here, then. He was just turning away to button his shirt when his phone moaned with a text from Irene Adler. John turned over, suddenly wide awake.
“I do have faint recollections of camping with Mycroft and Redbe - Victor Trevor. Anyway, now that you know, you can carry this bag. Back to the business at hand - there are still plenty of things I’d like to ask Mrs Evans about Mark.”
“Yes, I like playing with his hair too.” John said, then noticed Sherlock, who had gone completely rigid. “Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
“Everything in there was about me.” Sherlock said, both annoyed and grateful that John could practically read his mind. “All those deaths - ”
He hung up and quickly slipped out of his bed, collecting the clothes strewn across the floor and hurrying into them, motioning to John to do the same.
problems and being listened to. He didn’t deserve Sherlock’s care and attention and whatever the tender gleam in his changeable eyes was.
When Lestrade left, Sherlock walked out of the room, heading for the door opposite. On opening it, they discovered that it was mostly a storeroom; there was a dusty old chest of drawers and a cupboard. However, just above a pile of boxes, there was a window. “So that’s how he got in.” Sherlock muttered.
“I mean, you must’ve been all alone for those two years. Nobody to watch your back and look out for you. Actually, never mind, I know you don’t really care for companionship - ”
A/N: It’s been 2 seasons and I’m still not over the Reichenbach Fall T_T This is me trying to give myself closure.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, pulled out a small envelope and handed it to Sherlock. Sherlock opened it and took out two black-and-white photographs - they showed a short, wiry man leaning against a wall, tensely scratching his chin with a gun. The print was hazy and the angle unhelpful, but the man’s facial features were just about distinguishable - his blonde hair, beard and sharp jawbone.
“Do you want the truth, John?” he blurted out. “I don’t grieve for Victor. I can’t. Yes, he was my best friend, but I didn’t even remember him for a major part of my life. I remember him now, but very dully, like one of those James Bond movies you always make me watch.”
As they got out of the cab, John took in their surroundings for the first time. It was certainly a much posher neighbourhood than the ones they’d visited for the previous crimes. The road was lined with police cars, and John could see one or two policemen inspecting the walls of the house. The nameplate read
“I know, but Sherlock’s been so happy over the last two weeks. We all spent so much time puzzling over it that it was a relief to find out the reason. Better than wondering what new experiment he’s thinking up now.”
. John was clearly exhausted, and he had the perfect excuse to blow off work for the day, but he still chose to go back to the clinic and help people with their mundane everyday problems.
- broke into the house and created a distraction. The Golem murdered his son, James Oliver. Led us to Irene Adler’s real identity.”
She raised her eyebrows and shrugged, then tilted her head at the guards. “Can you tell them to wait outside?” she asked Mycroft.
Mr Oliver ushered him to the door. “Thank you so much, really. Talking to someone who’s experienced a similar loss did help me. By the way, how’s Sherlock Holmes getting on with the case?”
“Oh, no. Told me she was caught up in some business deal abroad. She came as soon as she heard about James, though. It’s the first time she’s been home in years.”
Reminder: The Golem (Oscar Dzundza) is an assassin hired by Moriarty in 'The Great Game'. He kills his victims by squeezing the life out of them (literally).
“This may sound like an insult to her memory, but if I’m honest with myself, then what I’m going through right now is nothing compared to the aftermath of your fall. Nothing. In a way, your death was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing, because I found Mary. A curse, because I lost you.”
The nurse wasn’t listening. A noise from the bedroom had distracted her, and she got up, motioning them to follow her. She went in first, and they waited outside for a few minutes before she reappeared at the door.
“Dear god, what is it with you people and burning evidence?” Sherlock banged his fist on the table in frustration. “All right, Lestrade, take him away.”
Truth be told, John missed his daughter terribly, but he’d been repressing it in favour of looking after Sherlock until his mother was better. Sherlock looked at him sternly, as if he knew exactly what was going on in his head.
“Our sister is every bit as bad as him. The only difference between them is the environment they had to flourish in.”
He caught John’s eye for a long, painful moment, then blinked and got up. “You can pack your things. I’m heading out. I won’t be in your way.”
“Yes. Tell him we found his son’s remains in a well a few days ago, and don’t mention Eurus. Keep her hidden for another couple of decades until we’re all dead and decaying.”
They made their way through the complex - slowly, for there were more than a few security checks - and he could see her struggling to maintain her composure. As they got closer to Eurus’ cell, he realized that John wasn’t too happy to be back in Sherrinford either. John caught his eye and smiled reassuringly, but dropped it as soon as he looked away.
“Good.” John said, cuddling a little closer, making Sherlock’s breath hitch in his throat. If they could spend every night like this, he’d make sure John’s room never got renovated. How he wished John wasn’t drunk…
Sherlock shrugged. “The ones who are oriented towards men, yes. It’s a last resort strategy, but it’s surprisingly effective.”
So saying, he got up and took out his violin, no doubt preparing himself for a night of contemplation. “My dear Watson,” he said, face breaking into an excited grin, “The game is on.”
“What really happened in Afghanistan? And I’m not talking about your shoulder wound or that psychosomatic limp.”
Silently grateful for the intervention, Mycroft turned away from Eurus. She came in followed by her two guards, who maintained a reverential distance from Mrs Holmes. The Holmes crowded around her bed, an awkward silence in the room. After a while, Sherlock found himself unable to bear the stifling atmosphere anymore. There was so much they should talk about, but in the wake of their mother’s illness, everything seemed rather inconsequential.
“You seriously can’t think of any reason that talking to you might set him off?” Mary asked, but her tone now slightly concerned.
“That doesn’t matter,” he snaps, “I assaulted you, Sherlock. I could have killed you. They brought me in for it.”
“You had been crying,” Sherlock says, brows drawing together. He had noticed it, but at the time he hadn’t given himself the time to deduce it. He had thought her life was at stake.
“It never stopped you before,” John pressed with a small laugh and followed Sherlock at a distance. He leaned against the wall and watched Sherlock busy himself making a cup of tea.
There is a tense moment of silence where John rocks back on his heels and holds his breath, and Sherlock bites nervously on the inside of his cheek.
John mutters what Sherlock assumes is an expletive under his breath, as he paces across the sitting room, gazing around at all the work that had been done. “It’s just like it was in our heyday,” John breaths in and looks around, “down to the detail”
“I’m not interested in your date, John.” Sherlock said matter-of-factly plonking the container that held the tea onto the counter with more force than was necessary.
John sat on the edge of the tub in utter confusion until he noticed the flash of Mary’s red coat in the hallway; she was looking at him with such pity it made his insides boil with rage.
The admission leaves Sherlock bereft, even though it doesn’t surprise him, and even though he should be used to watching John leave the flat, it still stings. John belongs in 221B- from the moment John surprised Sherlock by actually showing up to look at the place, Sherlock knew it.
“I didn’t offer it,” Sherlock says, “You don’t need forgiveness, John. I manipulated the situation and deliberately provoked you into beating me so that I could get put into that hospital- why should you apologize for doing exactly what you were meant to do?” John scowls at him, arms folded across his chest, but is silent. “You didn’t do anything that I didn’t deserve.”
“Oh,” Mary says, taking in his horror stricken expression. She slips her arm free and steps away from him. “I guess that’s a rather inelegant way of saying it. Don’t look so surprised, Sherlock, it’s been the elephant in the room since the day we met. I hardly need your detective skills to have put it together you know.”
The lock turned with a snick.  John’s heart pauses. The door creaks open and Sherlock regards him from the doorway. His verdigris eyes have none of their usual laser focus, instead he just looks weary.   John swallows, throat dry.
“And I am terrified, Sherlock, because … sentiment.  I’m taking a huge risk here because I could have it all wrong and if I do- well, it would destroy me.”
“Where to?” The cabbie asked over the relentless drumming of rain and the squeak of wipers. Warm at last and so tired John leaned his head against the back of the seat.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively, retreating into his bedroom. “You’re already here. Stay the night.”
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said, looking more sincere than John had ever seen him, and he found it frankly alarming, “look out for him.”
Molly ambles down the stairs and Sherlock watches out the window as Lestrade greets her with a swift kiss.
“It’s past 1 in the morning, what are you doing here? Is Watson ill?” Sherlock asked, his voice inadvertently betraying his worry.
“Fine,” Sherlock says tonelessly as the Stradivarius is gently placed back in the case.  He goes to his black leather chair and flops into it.
“Alright. Let me know if you change your mind.” Molly drapes her coat over her arm as she heads toward the door. “Mrs. Hudson will be back in a few days, you might want to at least attempt to tidy up.”
Violet set her mug of coffee back down to the counter top and found herself slipping down onto a kitchen chair, bracing herself.
Oh. Not the standard argument then, Sherlock is surprised. Not gay. Was there a person left in London who wasn’t crystal clear about John’s preferences? Not being ready though, Sherlock didn’t know what to make of that.
“Sherlock, come back out here, I need to talk to you.” When there was no response John sighs and swears under his breath.
It suddenly clicks and Sherlock inhales sharply as though the realization were a bucket of cold water.
John, who had, for good reason, tried valiantly to forget the incident, suddenly heard Moriarty’s lilting voice turn cold as he threatened to burn the heart out of him.
“Sherlock,” Molly soothes and he hand slides along the back of his shoulders around him and pulls him into an awkward side hug.
In the end, Sherlock did not go to Florida, he endured the miserable week of detoxing in a super-secret facility somewhere just outside of London, thanks to Mycroft. Ridiculous, if you asked Sherlock, that a facility should cost so much more but the hospital gowns were no less irksome, the food no less bland, and the staff no less ignorant than the local A&E would have provided.  The shaking and sweating had finally abated, but he felt weak and miserable, unable to focus and unable to face John again after that embarrassing display of… emotions. Mycroft had encouraged Sherlock to stay for the full ninety days, but Sherlock was convinced that once the drugs left his system he’d be fine. He did not have a drug addiction. It was much worse than that, but unfortunately his problem was not so easily remedied by a 12 step program.
“See? I told you that you hate when I deduce your dates.” Sherlock argued dejectedly as the kettle whistled. He turned away from John’s sad stare to deal with the tea. Tea was a formula that was easy to get right- the variables effortlessly controlled. The process was grounding- something for him to focus on and do that didn’t require examining the nature of unrequited love for a moment.  Out of habit Sherlock poured two mugs of tea. John silently slipped into his chair at the kitchen table, the one just next to Rosie’s high chair.  “Well?” Sherlock broke the silence, “was I right?”
“He was angry at himself,” Mary says, “For things he doesn’t even understand, for things he didn’t say.”
“Need any help?” John asks, arms now empty he doesn’t seem to know what to do with his hands and so sticks them in his jeans pockets.
Sherlock shrugged flippantly and pushed past Mycroft toward the exit. Of course he knew what Mycroft was referring to. He hadn’t stopped referring to his…Achilles heel since it became painfully obvious to every villain in Europe and tabloid alike… there was only one person who seemed stubbornly to ignore it, and well, thank God for that. The only thing that would hurt worse than his ignorance would be outright rejection, but even then, Sherlock wondered if some finality may be preferable.
“Yes, God, that was amazing as usual,” John said, huffing a sigh and running a hand through his hair. “You got almost everything. I mean the shirt was obvious, yeah?”
“Look, Sherlock,” John begins again, his brow crinkling and his mouth turning downward, “I have something to say and I’d appreciate it if you wait until I’m done before you say anything.”
Molly thinks back to that afternoon, when tears already in her eyes Sherlock’s name appeared on her phone.
“That’s a new shirt and you’re wearing cologne- so you’re keen to impress. You’ve put thought into it so you’ve probably had your eye on the woman for a while, that with the nervousness indicates sentiment- you’re looking for more than a leg over. You want a relationship. You spend most of your nights after work at home with Rosie and I or on cases so it’s likely that you met this person at work.”
“I think he’s being deliberately obtuse,” Mary says with a little shrug. “I think the alternative would unbalance his whole world.”
Sherlock straightens a bit in his chair, his eyebrows gather, but he doesn’t say anything.  John realizes his been holding his breath and releases it with a soft sigh. He looks down at the worn red carpet and chews on the inside of his lip for a moment, shifts his weight from one foot to the other, and finally opts to sit down on the edge of his own worn chair across from Sherlock and leans toward him, hands clasped, lips pinched.
“Has been on a cruise for two weeks,” Molly answers, and begins to fix a plate of left-overs after carefully sniffing them to make sure they haven’t gone off.
“I was having a shit day,” she answers with a wry smirk.  “Weren’t we all?” Her attempt at levity falls flat and she pushes on. “Greg and I… I mean it was good- we had an amazing few weeks and then suddenly he started acting weird. He distanced himself, I guess. He said you deduced that he was seeing someone but said it wouldn’t last. Said I wasn’t the one. It rattled him. He thinks you’re infallible.”
“Oh.” Sherlock answered, feeling like he’d had the wind knocked out of him, even though he had been expecting it. It stung a little that John didn’t trust him watching Rosie, he had done it before- and had hoped that if he’d be left home without John at least he’d have his other favorite Watson with him to keep him company. “I have nothing on, I could have watched her.”
“Uh, at Molly's,” John admitted, rocking back on his heels. “I’ve got a date tonight. Well, I hope I do anyway- I haven’t asked yet.”
“Yes, Mary,” John growled, “I’d like to know what you meant. Why wouldn’t my contacting him be helpful to his recovery? Rehabilitation requires a support system, a frame work of people who will help him along, keep him from relapsing.”
“I’m not uncomfortable, Sherlock,” John protests, his hand slipping from Sherlock’s back. “I’m surprised mostly. Married to your work - I thought you were…”
There was nothing Sherlock hated more than ‘not knowing’ and it seemed that John was enjoying his confusion more than usual.
“I don’t suppose you could watch her for a bit?” John asked as Sherlock came into the room, “I should shower and change.” Of course John already had clothes here, or at least he hoped. He hadn’t actually stayed over since before Mary died, and he sincerely hoped Sherlock hadn’t seen fit to toss them into the river. Not that John would have blamed him.
Rosie pitched herself toward Sherlock, reaching out with very small, very cold hands, and Sherlock had to dive forward under the dripping eaves to pluck her from John’s arms.
“No,” Mycroft assured, “As far as I can tell he has been clean since his release. No, I am afraid he was behind on rent, and when the landlord came to inquire, found his living area … hazardous.”
“The fact that you’ve had Molly take Rosie means you’re hoping to be out late, possibly even overnight- so you’re terrified, but optimistic- interesting. Your optimism suggests that you’ve felt a strong connection to her, maybe the chemistry was good- maybe she’s a sure thing-”
John feels the breath squeeze out him as he looks, really looks at Sherlock’s face. He is trying so hard to maintain a mask of indifference and control but there is something wild and pleading in his pale eyes. He feels something fracture somewhere behind his ribs.
Sherlock dutifully remains silent, but his expression falls slightly, sadness in his eyes. Real? John wonders briefly and hates himself for it.
Violet Holmes stared out her kitchen window at the fallow garden and considered what vegetable should go in this Spring. In her mind she could visualize the neat lines of peas and beans, cabbages and lettuces, and root vegetables. She could really be using the greenhouse, but  it needed repairs and to be cleaned out and she really didn’t have the energy for that. Perhaps she could add it to Siger’s to-do list. Keep him out of the house for  a while, to stop his endless puttering.  Violet poured herself a coffee and  took the washing up rag to wipe the counters. From across the room her mobile phone rang. She dried her hands on the nearest dish towel and hurried to answer. It was on the fourth ring by the time she had stabbed her finger at the answer icon on the screen.
John’s stomach clenches at the memory of Culverton Smith’s vicious words from the recording. John had feared a confession of a different kind when he heard the tapes. Why? Why had he been so bloody afraid that Sherlock might admit something else?
Sherlock braced himself against the doorframe, his pale fingers curling around the metal, and hung his head.
“It’s closer to your clinic,” Sherlock states, and John opens his mouth to protest, but Sherlock presses on, “Mrs. Hudson can watch Watson while you’re at work so you’d be saving money. No more experiments in the kitchen,” he blurts. John looks sad. This is a bad sign the only thing worse than being on the receiving end of John’s fury was being pitied by him. Sherlock fumbles for words, trying valiantly to appeal to John’s logic. “I know you’ve got Rosie to worry about now.”
Sherlock glanced at Mary, and it was like a silent conversation because Mary nodded knowingly and backed out of the small bathroom to give them a moment of privacy.
Sherlock looks around 221B and sees that it isn’t exactly the same. Things are slightly off, even the smile on the wall is slightly askew. It’s ok though, Sherlock decides. When something is broken it can never go back exactly the same way.
“Alright dear, good luck with the case. Do let me know when you have your new mailing address. I’d like to send you a postcard from the Netherlands when daddy and I go.”
Sherlock frowns and looks away first; concedes. John thinks he knows why. He hopes he’s right as much as he hopes he isn’t.  He’s never been good with this sort of thing, but neither has Sherlock. Eventually Sherlock clears his throat tugs at his bottom lip with his teeth. John would have had to been blind to not see the rim of red around his eyes.
It was almost a relief when the clouds that loomed heavily overhead finally burst, tearing him from his scattered and dismal thoughts. The relief was fleeting however, as Rosie woke with a start and wailed.
Mycroft inhaled, and held the breath for a moment while either pondering his response or steeling himself for it.
“Well, you know what they say, ‘Living with someone you love can be lonelier than living entirely alone, if the one that you love doesn’t love you.’ So in a way it’s actually a good thing that John turned me down because even though I’d never do anything to try to change him or ask more of him than he’s able to give… eventually he’ll begin dating again and… Watson needs a mother…and I can’t do it again. No, I mean I will- I will do anything he needs me to, but maybe it’ll be easier if I’ve got a place to retreat to.”
Sherlock’s groan echoed in the porcelain bowl. His overdose had come crashing down on him hard, and although he hadn’t taken as much as John had feared, John had made sure he hadn’t let Sherlock get another step inside his mind palace since disembarking the small plane.
“It’s not like it was before,” she reasons with him when she visits that evening, inspecting the kitchen for evidence of his eating habits, “I mean, living alone, it’s hard to go back to.”
“I- erm.” John floundered, “I hadn’t actually planned on coming here. I was walking to get her tired out, but it started to rain. I fell asleep in the cab… I must have told him your address by mistake.”
Sherlock smiled, and looked into the empty fireplace, the smile not quite reaching his eyes. Mrs. Hudson, John thought incredulously. Perhaps he could write this off as one of those times when Sherlock had an uncanny knack of being able to predict things, like the time he had known two weeks ahead of time which therapist he would choose. Bone-deep John knew that wasn’t case. He knew two things with absolute certainty- the first was that Sherlock Holmes was the most amazing man he would ever meet, and second, John Watson absolutely did not deserve his friendship. Not after everything.
John’s mouth opens but the words don’t come. He closes his mouth again and clears his throat, eyes already embarrassingly stinging and it feels like an egg has become lodged in his throat. He can’t look at Sherlock right now, so his eyes clamp onto the red carpet.
“But you’ve got me,” John said, as though it were a perfectly reasonable argument, “remember? The two of us against the rest of the world, right?” The hurt in Sherlock’s eyes made John’s stomach feel hollow and cold. Sherlock didn’t believe him.
“Well, yes.” John confirms, “I want to move back in here with you and go back to being… flat mates? Best friends… life partners?” Well, who knows if John Watson is gay or not, but one thing is for certain, that he and Sherlock Holmes are a packaged deal.
John, to his credit, gets right to work, unbuttoning his cuffs and rolling his sleeves. The silence is companionable as John sifts through the rubble, rescuing small mementos that the hired crew had deemed garbage. Sherlock loves him for it; for recognizing worth where no-one else would. It is the hallmark of their entire friendship. John pauses for a moments, rolling a glass insulator cup in his hands and examining the aqua glass contemplatively. He is trying to formulate how to say something, Sherlock can tell by the way his right eyebrow pulls down and way he is biting the inside of his cheek. But the words don’t come, and John places the blue dome down in a pile of things he’s saving.
She heard a heavy door swing open and click shut. He was probably in that lab he always went to, at St. Barts.
“I can’t keep my finger on the pulse of London from inside here, Mycroft.” Sherlock sniped. He plucked his mobile phone off the tray, the screen black and power off, he wasn’t quite ready to face the messages that surely waited for him. The thought that perhaps no messages would be waiting for him however, was even worse. Best to leave it off then. He slipped it into his pocket.
“How did...? No, never mind, I don’t care,” Molly blustered, her cheeks growing even rosier, “This isn’t about me, Sherlock. It’s not good for you to keep yourself cooped up here like this, going days without speaking or seeing another person.”
“Erm…I’m going to lunch,” a man’s  voice in the background said, awkwardly, as though imposing, “Lab’s unlocked.”
John shakes his head and stands, no longer able to keep still. He paces behind his chair. Sherlock is stubbornly silent and the only sounds in the flat are the hush of traffic on Baker Street and the faint clanging of metal pots downstairs where Mrs. Hudson has allowed Rosie free reign.
“I … I never managed to apologize properly to you for…” Thinking about his long list of offenses makes him feel vaguely I'll. John’s eyes close, “for so many things.”
Sherlock hadn’t spoken a single word as he left the flat when Mycroft had come to collect him. He hadn’t even glanced at John or Mary, only murmured a few words to Mrs. Hudson at the bottom of the stairs and allowed her to gently squeeze his arm as he left out the door. John and Mary watched solemnly as he ducked into the waiting car and it pulled away. John had received word from Mycroft when Sherlock had been admitted, but hadn’t received any further information, and the not-knowing was making his skin itch.
“Come on sweetheart,” John muttered laying her on the sofa and kneeling beside her. She immediately began to twist over onto her belly and try to escape, but practiced hands quickly shucked her damp clothing, and spoiled nappy and had her in a fresh diaper that smelled of baby powder and into a soft pink sleeper with an elephant on it. It was a bit too long in the arms and legs but Rosie was quite comfortable. John on the other hand…
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mary says with a twinkle in her eye, “I know you wouldn’t. That’s not why we’re here.”
Molly sighs and pulls out the kitchen chair to sit in. She doesn’t want to tell Sherlock why she had been crying, but his expression is earnest and he looks younger somehow, a rare display of his vast vulnerability. He needs to understand.
They regarded one another for a long moment, Rosie sucking noisily on her fingers. John’s expression was conflicted, flashing between embarrassment and cautious optimism. John Watson wasn’t supposed to look unsure. Sherlock found it hateful.
“Ya,” John says, rocking back on his heels and pursing his lips in a moue that suggests he’s still gnawing on his unshared thoughts like an old dog with a bone. “Well,” he sighs, puffing out a breath, “See you tomorrow.”
Sherlock was careful to school his features to a carefully neutral expression. He hasn’t seen John in over a month, not since his failed attempt to ask him to move back to 221B.  His pride was wounded and the reward for being vulnerable was a couple of awkward, stumbling excuses from John and a month of silence with the exception of a few easily ignored texts.
“But that’s not why he was behind- my guess is that he couldn’t be deigned to bother writing the cheque- you know how he gets; fits of ennui, spending days in his mind palace…”
“I’ve made a habit of lying to Mycroft, I’ve been trying to perfect it my whole life- even so, I don’t think he’s ever had a hard time discerning the truth. You- on the other hand…”
An hour later, Sherlock texts to invite John over and finds himself feeling nervous. He wants to ask John to move back in but knows that a coat of new plaster won’t fix everything. Sherlock showers and dresses with particular care which makes him feel adolescent and foolish, but foregoes cologne.He convinces Mrs. Hudson to make those biscuits John likes and she brings them up on a tray with some hot tea. He’s estimated the approximate time John will arrive but as the seconds tick closer, Sherlock worries if perhaps he has miscalculated because of sentiment.
Mycroft then changed the subject to Father’s health, their local parish fundraiser, and their upcoming trip to the Netherlands. Violet appreciated his efforts at small talk, but knew he was anxious to be back to work, so she let him go with an air kiss and cheerful goodbye.
They both look up as John appears in the doorway of the side exit, a bundle of blankets that is Rosamund Mary Watson in his arms. Sherlock offers Mary a little smile and she loops her arm back through his.
Sherlock hates that John sees exactly what he was doing but fails to understand why. He could keep it up only so long before the plates would wobble, but until then, Sherlock insists it’s fun.
John gently rubs Sherlock’s back in what he hopes is a comforting way. Sherlock sniffs and raises his head.
John stared. He knew he shouldn’t but he couldn’t help it. He knew it was ridiculous, and maybe the exhaustion was partly to blame but he felt his eyes start burning as he watched his best friend, in bare feet, with his daughter’s drool spreading a dark patch on his gray tee shirt, offering him – what exactly? It was more than a change of clothes for Rosie. It was infinitely more.
“In a way, confessing was what helped me see just what I was I holding myself back from. Greg and I worked it out and we’re happier than ever! You’ve already deduced we’re moving in together.”
“But… what about Irene Adler?” John asks, and remembering Sherlock’s previous reaction to her name being brought up instantly regrets the inquiry. He’d almost rather not know.
John scowled. He hated this feeling, like he’s the only one waiting for the penny to drop. Sherlock and Mary both did this to him. They loved to lord it over him that he was of average intelligence. He found it especially irksome that Mary had swooped in and immediately assumed she knew Sherlock better than he- especially when she had intentionally put a bullet in his chest, just months ago. And now to sit smugly across from him, adorable and soft in her robe with her morning hair, and assume she would know what was best for Sherlock.
“Shit!” He cursed, trying to shield his daughter with his coat, but it proved difficult so he ducked into the nearest bus shelter and tried to soothe her.
As the two exits the bedroom, Rosie toddles quickly toward Sherlock and John does his best to ignore Mrs. Hudson’s knowing and satisfied smile. Sherlock hefts the chubby toddler up into his arms and she presses a sticky kiss to his cheek.  John can’t help but to beam at the pair as he imagines the future, ripe with possibility.
Over the next few weeks, John comes by like clockwork and together they reassemble the flat and in part, Sherlock hopes, their lives. The conversations begin to flow easily and there is laughter and companionably arguments. Sherlock’s phone goes unanswered while they work, and he doesn’t take any cases. Mycroft’s crew finishes the structural repairs and Mrs. Hudson moves back in downstairs, and when John has to take a double shift, Sherlock finishes the final touches to the flat, sliding John’s chair in front of the fire place next to his own.
“No,” John says more stoutly than he feels as he shakes his head. “There is nothing you have ever done or ever will do that could justify that. This is on me, Sherlock. On me. “
John is stunned into momentary silence before he can stop himself he’s giggling. What the absolute hell is happening? John wonders, but Sherlock chuckles beside him and it is the best he’s felt in years.
When John walked in there was no mistaking it- it was indeed a date night.  His shirt was new. That was distressing.
“She’s got a ‘For Let’ sign up in her upstairs window of Baker Street. The previous tenant had to move- quite suddenly.” Mycroft said rather smugly.
“William!” she said with an edge of warning, “there is no need to be rude. I am taking an interest.”
A gentle hand rests on his shoulder, warmth spreads through him. It bothers him that he’s become so hungry for human touch that even a commiserating pat can send his pulse racing. He hangs his head, fringe falling into his eyes. He needs a haircut.
When Mary’s final DVD arrives in the mail, John calls Sherlock over to watch it as it was addressed to both of them. Sherlock arrives quicker than John expects, but keeps aloof- doesn’t sit by down next to John when invited, doesn’t remove his coat, just kind of hovers on the periphery as though somehow intruding on an intimate moment, even though Mary was speaking directly to the both of them. As soon as the message ends, John pauses the DVD and turns to Sherlock to ask him what he made of it, but Sherlock is already stalking toward the door with a swirl of his Belstaff coat.
They had already briefly discussed it after the fact. He had tried to explain - and now, knowing that she had already been seeing Lestrade when he had forced her confession, under duress , feels a fresh wave of guilt.
“I don’t know what label to put on the tin, Sherlock,” John admits, and hears his friend quietly exhale next to him. “I mean, it’s not really something that I… what I mean to say is that I’ve never. “
“I wanted to talk to you because things change, all the time. Rosie is here now, and I know you’re worried that it will drive you and John further apart, but I’m telling you now that I won’t allow it. I know what you’ve sacrificed for our John, I see how difficult it is for you. I just wanted you to know that I like you. I really truly like you Sherlock, and I want you to be happy. Now, John is a willfully blind fool when it comes to you, but he does love you. So, will you please put your goddamned phone away and be there for him today?”
“Always,” Sherlock says, and then offers what feels more like a shy smile that the self-possessed smirk he had intended. John’s quickly averted gaze confirms it. Sherlock turns back to his work, hoping the moment will pass quickly.
“He hasn’t left the flat, hasn’t changed out of his pajamas, and he’s diving me mad with his violin. The same tune over and over. The neighbors are complaining.”
John blinks rapidly and looks around the room, wishing that Mary could tell him what to do now. She picked a fine time to disappear. John’s throat is constricting and he fights down a swallow while simultaneously willing the tears to absorb back into their ducts.
“No.” John interrupted him- not wanting to talk about Moriarty. John hated that Moriarty, after everything still held so much power over his friend, even from beyond the grave.
The admission stung and Sherlock’s eyebrows drew together for a moment before he carefully schooled his expression again. As much as Sherlock wanted to forget that period in their lives, he couldn’t. He wouldn’t allow himself to. He kept it close, not out of spite, but as a reminder of how very much he had to lose. John’s letter was all but nailed to the door of his mind palace.
Ok, this is my explanation for Sherlock being on his mobile during TST- and I liked the idea that Mycroft is the one who told him that work is the best antidote to sorrow so he could later say that to Mrs. Hudson. :) Also my head-canon for John's wedding. I am a big Mycroft fan...
The softly uttered words pierce John with regret for having always trumpeting that proclamation. He isn’t gay; he doesn’t think so anyway, not in a traditional sense.  It’s not as though he sees a bloke on the street and thing, ‘hey I could go for some of that’.  But there was always something about Sherlock that, when John is honest with himself, he has noticed is a less than objective way. From their first meeting John has craved the other man’s proximity- but it wasn’t anything overtly sexual.  Sure there were moments when maybe his gaze used to linger a little too long on Sherlocks’ lips or fleeting moments when John might wonder…He doesn’t know anymore.
Sherlock felt ill, John was in love- again. He had hoped he hadn’t been right about that. How many times could Sherlock survive this?
Sherlock bristles, and is about dismiss the idea again, but can’t help but to admit to himself that his misery is, at least in part, self-inflicted. He misses John, but knows that his pride is what’s keeping him from asking him over. He knows John would come if he snapped his fingers… or at least he used to know. Time and circumstances have warped their dichotomy and drawn asymmetric lines between them. And anyway, it isn’t Molly’s fault. He pinches his rude retort between his lips and crushes it into a small smile.
“Even so, ring when you have it, or text. I know it’s like bamboo shoots under your nailbeds to speak on the phone. You behave yourself in this new flat, young man.”
When John was finished showering and dressed in clean, worn flannel pajamas he ambled out to find his daughter and his best friend, but the flat was strangely quiet. The clock in the kitchen said it was almost two o clock.
Sherlock pointedly looks away and Molly withdraws her hand. She knows he empathizes, and it is enough.
“Thank you.” John said, and Sherlock looked back at him, eyebrow quirked. “I mean, for letting us invade your home like this.”
“He loves me,” Mary says almost regretfully, and Sherlock looks at her in bewilderment, “I think things would be easier if he didn’t.  John is a man of principle, Sherlock. He made a promise and I won’t pretend that I’d be standing here today if he hadn’t.”
