Greg watched him as long as he could, his uniform and strict movements making him stick out the crowd like a sore thumb.
A mistake! And with newly found excitement he was back on the case.
Sherlock wanted desperately to believe in his words, in fact he wanted to start to search in that instant but the exhaustion caught up to him. He needed sleep before he went after John. However as he closed his eyes images flashed through his mind all of them showing John. Sherlock curled tighter, thinking, that maybe, this would chase away the tightening in his chest. But deep down he knew that only a specific orange, fur ball could save him from feeling like this.
He was dragged out of his thoughts by Gladstone who was on all fours now and barking, his tail wiggling happily in the air. Lestrade tightened his hold on the leash in reflex as the dog tried to ran off like a cannonball.
When they opened their eyes again, they were the only ones left. It looked like Hera made them get ott their asses and do something about the madman.
"Just wanted to make sure." Greg mumbled and he tried to contain his curiosity, but probably Sherlock saw right through him like always.
Sherlock stared out the open window in obvious boredom. His master, Lestrade was sitting comfortably on the coach watching some mind numbing show as he usually does after a case.
The older one raised his eyebrows but then his expression turned into understanding.
At that Greg realised that they were compatible. His eyes widened. Sherlock had never been even close to match with another dog.
“What’s wrong with the landline?”
His attention then wandered to the other man who was sitting up and was playing with Sherlock's hair with a fond look on his face. His left shoulder was heavily bandaged and there was an IV line in his arm. This must be John then. He thought to himself as he observed the man. His hair was in military cut and he had the same dark blue eyes he had seen on the pictures. His skin was tanned and his muscles, as expected, were well defined. He was handsome with his boyish face but all in all looked pretty average. He had no idea what held Sherlock's attention.
John Watson. Sherlock tested the name in his head. Yes, quite fitting. Simple and unassuming like the man himself.
As he closed the door behind him the last thing he heard was John: "Shh don't worry love. I will come back."
"Why?"
At that deduction Sherlock had to keep his expression in check not to reflect the curiosity he felt inside. He heard rumours of the boy who helped his Father solve cases multiple times.
As soon as Sherlock heard John's steps on his stairs excitement took over his body and he felt something flutter in his stomach at the thought that John abandoned his date for him.
"But-"
"That's not what they normally say."
“Such a waste. She could have been useful.”
"I don't know why he did that-"
The tired one looked away, his fist clenching and his eyes shut tightly. He let out a shaky breath and without another word left the room. The door slamming loudly shut behind him.
Without wasting a moment Sherlock answered while getting up. “Just call her Ms. Blunt*.” he couldn’t help but smirk at the murderous glare Aphrodite shot him.
"Yes, it was quite good." He nodded looking up to Sherlock oddly shyly.
"Obviously." Sherlock teased him.
"Yes."
“Feelings Sherlock. You knew that they would cause your doom and yet you bowed to them. I am disappointed.” He stepped away from John and faced Sherlock again. “So disappointed.”
Sherlock's annoyed sigh pulled him out of his thoughts. "I can almost see the wheels turning in your head, it's annoying. They are so slow and rusty. To save you from the difficult task of thinking I share it with you that yesterday I couldn't reach John on Skype."
He jumped toward Anderson and tried to snatch the letter from him but the man just lifted it above his head and continued to read.
When Sherlock showed up the latest crime scene it was with Gladstone in tow. The dog was still happy, but Greg could see that he was looking around sometimes, searching for a man who couldn't be there right now.
"Sherlock, what are we gonna do?" John asked as the Sun started to set and they didn't find food again.
“Oh, dear you really can’t figure it out can you.” He asked with feigned annoyance. ”The darkness Sherlock is so much powerful. The hidden powers… You have no idea.” He licked his lips in gusto.
"You guys planned this all along, right?"
Sherlock looked at him, trying to find anything which told him how could the man be so strong. Half gods weren’t supposed to do that.
Expect it seemed like it did. “Ha!” Aphrodite snorted. She held her chin high as she stood up with a glint in her eyes. She leaned over the table across from Sherlock with her two hands on it. She smirked as she whispered the next words:
Sherlock stared at the dead woman who was dressed in pink. Deductions were running through his head.
"Of course I smelled it. I just wanted to experiment." Sherlock growled in annoyance then walked away with his chin and tail held high.
Who were wearing masks. They were all built similarly and Sherlock felt something tug on the back of his mind but he ignored it.
"We have a killer to catch anyway." He said and was putting his coat on by then. "Hurry up Letrade!" He shouted back from the stairs.
In the past two months Sherlock didn't come to crime scenes, instead he asked Greg to bring the files to 221B. That wasn't so bad because while Sherlock was thinking about the case, he had time to get to know John. They had gotten on well, John was an easy going guy, he had a twisted kind of humor which somehow always succeed in making people laugh.
"Sorry about it, I was just curious, I guess." He mumbled and put the album back down gently.
He walked down the stairs and out of the building. He closed the door behind himself and faced the killer.
John shut the door of his flat and they leaned against the wall and looked at each other, still panting. Then as if they had been counting,  both of them started to laugh. And it wasn't a quiet chuckle.
“I am surprised you are lasting this long on holding your feelings back.”
Minutes passed until finally he was able to open his eyes. He blinked a few times and was greeted by a ceiling. It was cracked a little bit and there was an odd looking brown patch too.
"I wanted to say thank you for you letting him on cases. It's a good thing that he had a way to keep his mind busy while I was away."
"We were." Sherlock said with a sour look. "At the beginning of our last year of high school they moved. However we went to the same university but by then John had already signed up to the army so he could pay for the medical school."
"I will find you John." He promised then ran off quickly.
As soon as Lestrade left the crime scene he saw the elegant, sleek black car waiting. With a heavy sigh he opened the door and was greeted by Anthea or whatever name she was currently using.
Letrade saw Donovan regain her composure and with a smirk she opened her mouth to no doubt say something cutting when she was abruptly shut up by a stern voice.
He looked at Moriarty who was standing there similar confused expression on his face. Then suddenly everything happened in a blur.
"You would have taken that damned pill, wouldn't you?"
"Sherlock, where are you going?"
However as he was passing an alleyway suddenly he was grabbed by his beloved coat and pulled in.
"Just tell us already." John said with an eye roll as Sherlock sat down to his laptop.
"Sherlock, dear, your cab is here." Mrs. Hudson interrupted,  but she was quickly dismissed by the consultant.
He was pulled out from his musings by the sight of Sherlock lifting the yellow tape up for John. Letrade couldn't help but notice that both of them were wearing their wedding rings.
Oh the case! Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time when he had this much fun during a case. Sure he had more interesting ones, but still. In the end he figured that it was thanks to John, who called him brilliant, didn’t listen to Donovan, run with him across London and shot a man dead for him.
Aphrodite nodded in agreement and soon after that the two Goddess parted ways.
The Goddess disappeared as Mike Stamford and a limping man entered.
"It's no problem, his deductions are quite useful." He didn't really know what to say.
He opened his mouth to ridicule him but was stopped by Aphrodite. “You never want to fall in love?” She asked shocked, almost offended. “Never want to experience the bright colours, the unconditional happiness, the explosive partnership?”
In the end he couldn't resist asking. "What are you thinking of?"
"Boyfriend? Which is fine by the way."
“Kill me then, but leave him alone.” Sherlock had to work hard not to sound too desperate.
"I take it you didn't hear of Dr. Watson yet." All of the hostility was wiped off of Sherlock's face and only worry stayed. Though Greg could only see it in the detective's rigid posture.
Sherlock snorted. “We balance each other out.”
"Good." With a nod Sherlock left.
That was the only reason he decided to visit the crime scene. Hoping that maybe it would turn into something unexpected and take his mind off of his fairly new discovery about his emotions toward his flat mate.
Today Sherlock decided to test how long did one of the stray dogs' tolerance could be stretched. It barely took five minutes and the dog was chasing them.
"Hey- Sherlock!" Lestrade said while tripping. "What the hell has gotten into you?"
"Then what was your intention with that rat? Couldn't you smell the poison?" Mycroft flicked his grey tail disaprovingly.
"You cured me." John looked at him like Sherlock was God himself. No one ever looked at him like that. No matter what he did. He could solve a case, save children or adults, know the answer for sometheing and no one would look at him with awe. Except John. Sherlock could be himself with him and John liked it.
John shook his head tiredly. "A bit not good, yeah."
It all started one month and four days ago. They were doing a pretended drugs bust again.
“Everybody should experience true love at least once in their lives.”
"John's what?!" Sherlock shouted in disbelief. He knew that John dated but that he would actually marry one of the dull girls was... was unacceptable. Though this woman it seemed had killed him. Neatly shot in the chest. Not hitting anything major so the dying was stretched painfully. And that woman was left with John. John was definitely in danger with that woman next to him. How could he have died on John? He needed him!
Sherlock placed the tea set between them on the small table. He then proceeded to sit across his guest with a smug smile. “It has been two weeks and nothing.”
The rest of the building was simillar to the room he had awaken, except the walls were white and the whole thing felt cold. Anyone who stepped in would have felt that dead were living here.
John shrugged. "Just trying to figure out who do we trust facelessly. Who goes unnoticed everywhere? Who can kidnap someone from a crowded street?"
The said man’s eyes locked with his. He saw the relief there and strangely that calmed him too. John stagerd before them and Sherlock had to work hard to restrain himself and not to leap right next to him. John managed to stay on his feet and he straightened up too.
"John for God's sake what's going on?"
"Trying to find out how could I have been faster so I could give the information to you. So you wouldn't screw it up."
John looked at him in annoyance. "That's why you needed me?" John asked while already sending the text, Sherlock let a pleased smile take over his face for a moment. "I thought something happened to you."
Gladstone barked loudly as he jumped on John. Licking his face in enthusiasm. Meanwhile John was laughing and trying to push him away. Sherlock was laughing too by the time John was free from it.
Then they let go and John turned to them while Sherlock looked away blinking hard. "Greg." He held out his hand and Lestrade shook it without hesitation.
Thanks everyone for the encouraging words:) They mean a lot.
"Why don't you want me around him?"
Suddenly there was a loud banging noise from the door way.
"This is pointless. We have to attack." Donovan said and started to stand up.
Sherlock couldn't help but let his eagerness show to his master. He was looking back and forth with such a speed that he was suprised that his neck was still in place.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John!” He closed his eyes as there was a big explosion which strangely didn’t through him back. He blindly reached out, afraid to look just yet.
Sherlock nodded and took a slip of his coffee but he had to held back a grimace. He looked at John's still steaming tea wistfully.
"John.. dead?" He tested the words on his tounge, but he didn't like them.
"Yes."
“Sherlock?” He heard John’s weak voice and at that Sherlock’s eyes instantly snapped open.
"Mrs. Hudson?"
"Oh shit, you can do that thing too?" One of the officers asked and John rolled his eyes.
When they reached them Sherlock pulled on his leash strongly, making Lestrade trip again though this time he crushed into the woman, fortunately they managed to stay upright.
"Girlfriend? No, not really my area." Sherlock took a glance at John who avoided his eyes.
He opened it and realised it wasn't a book. It was a photo album. Though there was a short writing on the first page with elegant handwriting.
As they were so close Sherlock started to circle them. Efficiently strapping them together.
"You know what? Ignore it."
Next day it was in the late afternoon when Sherlock's kind landlady ushered him inside. She warned him to be patient with Sherlock since she heard the consulting detective pacing all night and he only stopped when the sun was already up.
"Thought so." He mumbled and looked down to see a new text.
After Angelo's awkward greeting, they settled down and John started to eat, meanwhile Sherlock stole some bites.
He was lead down a corridor and they stopped at the fourth door of the twelve. Twelfth ways that he and/or John died. It wasn't a comforting thought.
“I am sorry… I mean, I didn’t know… ugh, I apologies for, for interrupting.” He shook his head to get back his senses which Sherlock thought was a marvellous idea, he was being a bigger idiot than usually. “Who is your guest Sherlock?”
Thanks for reading it and sorry for any grammar mistakes. Let me know what you think.
"On a date, but why should he even be here?"
"So, you two were childhood friends." Sherlock nodded. "Were you two never seperated before he was shipped off?"
"Next time, instead of invading into others' personal business, you should ask inspector." Sherlock's voice was cutting as he scolded.
She closed her eyes and teleported them to where it all started. The hall of the cloud palace.
"Good, find her, interrogate her." Sherlock said his mind completely focusing back on the case.
Though John stayed in the back of his mind as a nagging presence, no matter what.
The game was on.
Leastrad glanced back and forth between them one more time then nodded at his dog.
Sherlock couldn't help it. He was so excited he let out a bark of joy. The shepherd sharply looked up and their eyes met.
Gladstone licked his face eagerly and John smiled weakly at his dog and scratched him behind his ear. Then he took Sherlock's hand in his and murmured some words.
"Try to keep up Lestrade, I hate repeating myself."
Donovan opened and closed her mouth a few times but there was no answer. She glared at the phone in Lestrade's hands then turned around and left.
"Wait, what? Who did I just text?"
"Um, yes. Did you figure it out?"
"Explain." He said shortly.
"But..." He paused and actually looked Sherlock. "What? You?" He asked in dibelief and Sherlock could even detect a little disappointment in his eyes. That made Sherlock's chest tighten in anxiety, but he decided to discard it. No need to be emotional.
“Bit different from my day.” Doctor though the mark of Asclepius would have told him that. The God of medicine did like to mark his precious healers. The voice was light, it didn’t hurt Sherlock’s ears which was a good start, considering the fact that Mike brought him here to be his flatmate. The man had ash blond hair which was bleached by the Sun, big dark blue eyes like an ocean with full of feelings. Sherlock swore that if he looked long enough he would see the waves crushing like the so many emotions in this man. He was shorter than average, but muscular under that ugly jumper thanks to the military carrier. Hmm, army doctor, interesting.
"Thank you." He said as he handed back the mobile to an already standing John. Seeing this, Sherlock frowned. He wanted to talk to John without Molly's interfering presence.
Suddenly Hermes (messenger of Gods) appeared in front of her. “I have no idea why are so adamant to make him fall in love.” He shook his head.
Paying no mind to him Sherlock stood up from the sofa and sat down in his black leather chair, motioning John to do the same across from him.
"All of us has our own room. Those are ours-" He pointed at the first three door. "you will probably find us there.  But I don't think you will need us. You can go in them, but try to be a little bit less of an idiot. Some of us are still shaken up. And be patient with Seventh, he is a bit slow." With that he turned around and went back to the room where he had awaken.
"Lestrade." He nodded and frowned at him. "Ah, the file!" He realised.
"Sherlock!" Greg's voice cut through the air and reached the irritated 25 years old who let out a disdainful growl at the sound, but nevertheless stepped back from the body and turned to the older man.
As they were sorting through stuff Lestrade heard Donovan hmm in suprise. He glanced up and saw her holding a letter. Her eyebrows were furrowed in concentration.
Sherlock stared at the pill in the light. If he took the right one and he lived he would gather his courage and ask John to move in with him. He grew fond of the blonde boy. He didn't love him yet, but he was close. Very close. It was like he was standing at the edge of a cliff and trying to regain his balance by flopping his arms all around, but it was clear for everyone that he would fall no matter what.
John nodded and was about to say something else when he froze and pressed his mouth in a thin line. Greg at first worried that he was in pain but when he saw that the doctor was looking down at Sherlock he understood. Sherlock was shifting a little and both of them held their breath until he settled back.
"The ears." He said simply while pulling off his rubber glowes dramatically.
“No!” He heard John scream and saw the ex soldier move with adrenalin fuelled speed and he jumped between the detective and the lightning. Sherlock instantly unfroze and reached to push John away but he was too late.
"What? You can't be serious? Sherlock? A junkie?  Have you even met him, Dad?" John asked disapprovingly, Sherlock's heart warmed at hearing that, but his stomach also sank heavily. John would find out about the drugs and then he would leave Sherlock. That was unacceptable. He shot a glare at Lestrade, suddenly seeing the main reason behind the pretended drug bust. And it wasn't because of the evidence.
Mycroft's eyebrows shot up. "My brother is clean inspector. No need to worry about that. However I would also much prefer if they would stay away frome each other. There is no need for Sheelock to start to care about someone."
Sherlock snorted. "Of course I wasn't. I was bidding my time, knew you would turn up."
"What?"
"I hope you realised that the limp is just . psychosomatic. It's all in your head." He said off handedly as a parting wish.
But ten minutes at the scene and he was ready to leave. It was frustrating. He hadn't had a decent case since Baskerville.
"They took him! He is gone! Mycroft!" Sherlock panted while he let out desperate meows.
“If it isn’t my favourite logician?” Sherlock stopped playing the violin and with a resigned sigh turned around and faced the Goddess, who was a petite woman this time. She had green eyes, brown hair, some freckles and round glasses which suited her face.
"Dad, you need to hurry. And bring back up!"
"He is taking it far better than us." One of them whispered and Sherlock opened his eyes to see the others shooting him a glare.
Sherlock snorted. "Of course it's not. It's Rachel. Find out who she is."
He needed to find a suitable human with a smart omega dog to match his alpha desires.
Sherlock was leaning onto John's shoulder, letting his husband hug him close. He was shaking as he held the soldier in a death grip.
Sherlock turned back to the door and took a deep breath. Would this version of him be as broken as the others? Was he blamed for John's death too?
"I need to get to the airport." John said raising up and pulling Sherlock with him. Simultaneously Gladstone jumped to the floor and leaned against their legs.
"Because I-" John took an as deep breath as he could, working himself up. “IloveyouSherlock.” He blurted it out in a rush.
As they passed them Sherlock saw Lestrade shooting a lingering glance at the woman. Sherlock felt giddy at that. Oh, this could work out briliantly.
In the end Sherlock smirked and Greg let out a groan probably seeing what was about to happen.
"You don't even know what kind of person he is." John said accusingly.
"But-"
"Those are the points where some of us messed it up."
He even noted the engraving on the back of the phone.
"Simple. I am with John." Sherlock said as he leaned against a wall.
"No." Lestrade answered and shivered. Feeling a chill crawl up on his back as he felt like in any moment he can meet his "death".
"Out, need some air."
He noticed that there was still no sound so he slowly sat against the wall and took in his surroundings.
The bafflement and the curiosity was palatable on the young man's face and Sherlock felt a little tugging feeling in his chest. He didn't want to leave him just yet. Who knew when they would meet again? Maybe if he intrigued him enough he would come to him by himself.
He looked at the book and with a frustrated growl pushed them off of the table. He needed a break from them. Maybe he and John could go out and have some fun, just the two of them. Yes, that was exactly what he needed. It would smooth his worries of them and his plan was made more perfect as there was a suspicious Chinese circus in town. How convenient. John always enjoyed when there was some action during a case.
They watched as Anderson desappeared among the trees. Greg frowned in confusion. He was sure that John and Sherlock were in shooting range. Something was wrong.
And if he chose the wrong one, well...
Sherlock with raised eyebrows took the phone from the man’s hand. ”A friend of mine, John Watson.”
"You should know." They looked at each other and laughed.
Anyway here you go.
“You know full well Eros that I have no such plans, why you must ask me repeatedly of these matters I have no idea. It’s no wonder why are you the God of such petty instincts, you don’t have the brain power for anything bigger.” Sherlock said all of this in a cold, hard tone.
Warning: mention of torture and death. Nothing explicit but I am paranoid.
"You left him behind!"
"Did you break up with Harry?"
“Are you satisfied? Are you happy that you managed to completely screw up my system?” Sherlock asked angrily and turned fully toward the Goddess who this time was portraying a police officer. Long red hair, chocolate brown eyes. Her form was thin and tall, even taller than Sherlock. Even while this angered the thought that being this tall was really unusual for an Asian woman, popped up in the far corner of his mind.
"Sherlock, the cabby is getting impatient." His landlady's kind voice got through to him and then it clicked.
He looked up and saw the young man with the case file in his hands staring at him with a pointed look.
"Deal." Sally nodded.
"I guess he didn't write this time, right?" Greg asked softly and watched as Sherlock hug the album closer to himself, probably searching for comfort.
Oh yes, animals mated for life. The alpha-omega thing just made it easier for them to find their perfect match. Omegas were the breeders in this set up.
"John, you should shut up now." He said tightly and forced John to look into his eyes.
"Good. Listen, I think you shouldn't help me with this case."
John sat back and Sherlock could see as his brain worked over everything. It was fascinating to watch it. How does he faces the problem. Big picture? Smaller details? Was he even on the right train of thought?
Sherlock couldn't remember the way back to his box. He was concentrating on not panicking too much. John was taken and all of it was his fault. If he paid better attention. If he didn't bring John along. If- He stopped himself in mid thought, reminding himself that he was supposed to be calm.
But the voice wasn't right. It sounded like the same person was talking, only in a different tone.
"What? How did you see it?" The boy asked, suprised.
They sat down next to the pond and Lestrade opened his book to read.
He saw Sherlock a week later after he left countless massages and voicemails and tried to visit him at Baker St, but the landlady wouldn't let him go upstairs. She said that the detective was out, but Lestrade knew that was lie though he couldn't do anything about it.
"You will find your murderer tonight in the bar which is closest to his home. He will probably be drinking the second cheapest wine and will be sitting at the bar, chasing off every person who attempts to chat him up. He will be so full of guilt that even you won't have a problem catching him." Sherlock said and was about to turn around and leave the scene when Lestrade stopped him.
“It’s my month, you stupid bird!” Helios’s strong voice boomed. Sherlock thumped his head against the ice table in agony. Why must he hear the same argument month after month?
Apart from the bed there were only four chairs in the room and all were occupied by his captors.
His mind supplied.
"You mean.." Sherlock trailed off and gulped.
John shook his head and was about to say something else when-
He was smirking smugly as his eyes ran over them. Without warning Aphrodite shirked and lunged forward. However before she could reach the madman Moriarty threw out his hand and murmured a few words. There was loud boom, like gunfire and a purple light. It hit the Goddess right in the chest and with a scream which was cut half because suddenly she disappeared and only a faint lillac smoke remained in her place.
"He is not a good man."
He closed his eyes then as Hades’s loud clap thundered through the hall. A moment later when he opened his eyes he was standing beside a swimming pool. Thankfully they didn’t land right in it.
Sherlock froze.
"So you are unattached, just like me..."
But instead the consultant asked him something unexpected.
The said dog let out a startled yelp as he was dragged away from his new friend. He tried to resist the pull but in the end he just whimpered as he wad dragged away.
Maybe not everything was lost after all.
The first thing which returned was his hearing.
Mycroft let out a pitying sigh. "Your son is an adrenalin addict. He doesn't see the danger when he is with Sherlock. He sees a battlefield."
Now he saw why Sherlock wanted to be in a team with just John. He had an army man just for himself in a "gun" fight.
"Yes, he-" Letrade was cut off by a text alert. He clumsily got his phone out and opened the message. "Shit, gotta go."
"Oh, for the-" He started to talk in a bored tone as he was pushed up against the wall.
The doctor huddled against him and shook as the adrenalin left his body. Sherlock combed his fingers through his hair, whispering sweet nothings in his ear.
Sherlock paused and stored that into his mind palace then continued his thought process. "Anyway, she wasn't just thinking of her, she clawed it into the floor. But why? Why would she do that?"
(See the end of the chapter for
It was crazy to learn that friendly, warm, jumper-wearing John Waston healed as many people as he killed while he was in the war. It was no wonder why he would be the one to be called in if they were in need of a doctor.
"Upgrade their security status to third."
Greg was really not keen to hear all the insults about their intelligence from Sherlock who would sure as hell say something as soon as he learned that they had failed.
"I cincerely hope that you are not this stupid or I will have to be dissapointed in the whole world because no one killed you yet and no one prevented your birth." His voice was low and deadly and he looked like he was about to fulfil what the whole world hadn't been able to do.
"I got you into rehab and helped with your addiction. I thought we were at least friends, Sherlock." He cringed mentally at the cliché line but wanted some explanation.
John was on a date?
"Of course we mean that he loves you, idiot. They all did." The junkie whispered the end.
Sherlock grunted and attached the leash to Gladstone as John got his stuff.
"I guess I wo-" Sally started to say but she was cut off by two shots.
“Sorry, left it upstairs.” Before Sherlock could get annoyed over Mike's uselessness besides to get him a potential flatmate, the said man spoke up.
"She is dead. She was basically never alive. She was Jennifer's stillborn daughter." The detective's expression was grim and the whole room was tense.
As he reluctantly closed the door his clone wipped around and Sherlock sucked in a quick breath. There was insanity in those eyes. Craziness he feared he would fall into one day. However that fear vanished completely when John came into his life, but it seemed in some other dimension something happened. His stomach filled with dread.
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's."
"What the hell?" Sally asked loudly, in fact Lestrade could have sworn he saw some birds flew away in panic.
The other one laughed and pushed himself away from Sherlock. He paced while he spoke. "Jumped from the roof and managed to clear Moriarty's network off the surface of the earth in two years. I cleaned up in Mycroft's office, that's when he told me. I wasn't fast enough. If I had been cleverer, faster everything would have been alright. But I wasn't and John... John killed himself. Jumped from the same roof. Mycroft gave me his note then without a word I went back to 221B. Not home. It wasn't home without John."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned closer. “Isn’t it obvious?” Although he couldn’t manage to say it with his usual arrogant tone due to the joy which was bubbling up his chest. He seriously considered calculating if there was any chance that he would explode from it.
"What happened to you?" He asked in a strong voice so he could feel somewhat in control and not like his reality is dissolving right in front of his eyes.
John saw what he was up to and he did the same without question. Now the two masters were nose to nose and red to their ears.
"I am so sorry-"
“Here, use mine.”
"John Watson-Holmes." She said in disbelief.
"Listen Sally. If we make one wrong move we are out. John doesn't miss. We don't get a shot wich tells us where he is." Greg checked his watch. "And it have barely been ten minutes and we are the only three left."
Sherlock hated it when Lestrade called him in for easy cases. But he hated the empty flat more when John was working at the clinic.
Anderson snorted. "You thought this well out freak. It's pathetic that you are so alone that you make things like this up. Who would want to be with you?"
There were three of them.
“We got your message.” She whispered to him and stood next to him.
"Into battle." And with that Sherlock was pulling him along with renewed vigour
"...Now if I think of it Sir there might be."
"What the hell is he doing here?" Lestrade heard Sherlock literally growl as he approached his brother.
John and Molly started to talk and Sherlock listened in here and there but otherwise his mind was occupied by his case. And he already deduced those things of John which he was sharing with Molly.
“I have no idea what are you on about. I am the face of logic, I don’t and I can’t have feelings.” Sherlock said, proud of himself for managing to hide the bitterness in his voice away.
At this he quickly focused on the pen in his hand as he rumbled. "Nothing, just, um, you know-"
Sherlock took a breath than he truned to Sally who was regarding the toung man with fear. "I am not even suprised by you. I knew you had no moral code, shame or brain from the moment I realised that you were sleeping with him." He motioned toward Anderson with his head. "It was pleasant first 3 seconds, don't you think?" Lestrade barely dared to breathe. He could hear that Sherlock's control on his emotions was thinning.
Before they were teleported, Mycroft spoke up. “I will get their by myself. You will probably need my men and John might need immediate medical attention.”
He seemed to calm down a bit when they reached the park. However this time he was looking everywhere, searching for who knew what.
He had started a staring contest with the one who seemed to be the leader. Several minutes later he was rewarded with a sigh.
"John Hamish Watson Lestrade." John shrugged. "Parents divorced and my full name is too long."
"How did you-"
The other one looked at him again with a glare. "Isn't it obvious?" He sneered.
Thanks for reading it and sorry for any grammar mistakes!
Wordlessly he got up and put on his coat.
Greg a bit still in a daze flinched. He then glanced up and saw the two walking away. Then his eyes fell on Sherlock who was looking at him with determination and a bit of fear too.
"Twenty that he wouldn't get ten meters far." Lestrade said as they watched out for the two madmen.
"Yeah, okay we can go for our walk sooner." He said in the end and Sherlock jumped off the table and ran to the door.
"It was fourteen years ago, she must have gotten over it-" He trailed off, noticing that everyone was regarding him with narrowed eyes. Just as if it was an instinct he looked at John for answers. "Not good?" He asked tentatively.
He did so but not without asking questions, though when he sat down Sherlock saw a little bump at his lower back also when he leaned back he had to move around a bit to be comfortable.
"Khm, Sherlock." Lestrade cleared his throat to get the younger one's attention who reluctantly faced him again. But as soon as Sheelock took a glance at the DI's face it clicked.
John took another bite then asked again. "Don't have a girlfriend then?"
It was perfect.
Sherlock considered this. Maybe if he listened to their stories he could find out what goes wrong all the time and he could avoid it now.
"I said OUT!" The two of them after that hurriedly shut the door and he heard their quick retreating steps. He would have smirked smugly, but he was more concerned of Sherlock in that moment.
Sherlock looked back at John whose eyes were wide and glazed over probably trying to make sense of what he had just witnessed. Sherlock wanted to catch his eyes to send him a reassuring look at least, but Moriarty started to talk.
“Does that mean that you love me too?” John asked cheekily.
The next thing Mycroft knew John and Sherlock were in a playful cat fight. After a few minutes they stormed off with a flick of their tails. Mycroft rolled his eyes and went back to sleep, trusting John to keep his brother out of trouble.
The right questions indeed.
"John Watson-
Lestrade looked away. He shouldn't be here. This was a private moment between lovers.
He was about to write to Moriarty to come out and deal with him like the real half god he pretended to be, but then his TV switched on.
Sherlock sometimes looked back and caught the woman glancing at them and John regarding him with curiosity.
Maybe he could save John and himself from the painful future.
Thanks for reading it and sorry for any grammar mistakes!
The yarders were moving now too. Mostly shooting uncomfortable looks at each other and twitching in the eerie quiet. It was like it was before a storm.
“A date, you know when two people spend time together and have fun.”
He was the first one to move. He marched across the room and grabbed the letter from his slack hands. While he stood and read it, Sherlock came up behind him and looked over his shoulder.
"I know it's fine and no, I don't have one." This time their eyes met and Sherlock saw John bit the inside of his bottom lip. He quickly averted his eyes while he swallowed loudly.
He decided to walk back home instead of taking a cab. Less time spent in a John-less flat.
"No, youd don't." Sherlock said sulkily but John just smiled at him.
Molly's expression brightened and with a nod she truned around, leading the way with a sprung in her steps. Sherlock's face however turned sour but nevertheless followed her.
However as he watched Sherlock deducing and John praising him, he realised he really didn't have to worry because whatever situation Sherlock Holmes would find himself in, John Watson would be there to save him.
Sherlock knew he was more than a year old because he presented as an alpha not long ago just like Mycroft and he really hoped John would be an omega. His omega. Unfortunately he had to wait till John was a year old so he would present.
“Great, she is great.” At that Sherlock’s head snapped up and his eyes zeroed on John, Aphrodite’s words ringing back in his mind.
"Maybe because he still has a chance." One of them said as he shut his eyes again.
Greg hastily went after him. He didn't want to let him out of his sight. He felt strangely protective of the consultant now that he had seen his vulnerable side.
"That was close." Watson mumbeld and resumed to play with the genius's hair. "He needs more than 2 hours sleep."
"... Sherlock will be there, right?"
He smiled at John who did the same. Both of their smiles were full of happiness, fear, uncertainty and determination.
"Oh, she was clever, cleverer than most of you and she is dead!"
"We broke into Magnussen's office where I found him kneeling on the ground with a gun at his head. Mary revealed herself and everything clicked into place. I tried to talk to her. I did, but she shot me. The last thing I remember is John at the doorway looking shocked then a gun shot and him falling. That's it then I woke up facing the others who were too late to alter the outcome. We were always late, until now." With that he looked at Sherlock who was staring ahead of himself, million thoughts running through his head. How could he have missed that John's wife was a trained killer?
A few minutes later Sherlock had himself under contol again and without another word climbed into a sleek black car. As soon as the older one was in too they drove off, leaving Greg standing on the sidewalk with a terrible feeling in his stomach.
"How's the case going?"
The dog didn't waste time. He hopped of from the window and grabbed his leash. He then jumped onto the coffee table conveniently blocking the TV while he 'accidentaly' stepped on the remote, switching the whole thing off.
"What? The card said it was Jennifer Wilson!"
Sherlock gritted his teeth and greeted John, surprised at himself for managing to do it without giving away much. John hesitated in the doorway for a few moments than left to the kitchen with an unreadable expression on his face.
“Fine!” Shouted Ra. “It’s your turn to raise the Sun. I lost track of time, I am not the God of it, I don't pay attention to it.” Cronos (God of time) at this rolled his eyes.
15 minutes. -SH
"The gun shot?" He asked, hoping to get more information of this woman.
It was quite a hellish month in everyone's opinion. Sherlock was on the edge more time than not which was justifiable as Lestrade learned John wasn't the average army doctor who operated behind the safety lines.
But the job had to be done so with great reluctance Lestrade sent a message.
"They volunteered." The inspector shrugged and locked eyes with his son. A silent conversation went down between them which Sherlock had an inkling was about him.
Sherlock sighed and put his head out the window. A mate. Sherlock looked back at his master and huffed. Even if Sherlock found a partner it was a long shot that he could stay with them. After his master and his mate seperated, Lestrade was quite reluctant to spend time in someone else's company.
But he didn’t wait for her to disappear, not being able to be close to her in that moment he left and went up to John.
"You wanted him to take a look at this case but something changed. So what?" Asked Sherlock smugly at the troubled expression on the DI's face. But then his face crumbled too as the first part of Lestrade's anwser settled in.
There was silence again but this time it was comfortable. "It's good to know that there were still people who cared about him while I was gone." John whispered quietly and then threw a smile at Lestrade. "Thanks for that too."
"Sherlock!" Mycroft tried to get through his brother's panic clouded brain. "Sherlock! Calm down!"
Sherlock threw himself down on the other end of the sofa and put his legs up onto the coffee table.
2 months later he was waiting outside of a crime scene for Sherlock. Donovan was two steps away talking on the radio while Anderson was checking his camera. There were a few other officers around too.
"What is it?" He asked, she shook her head as she looked up.
And that's how one month later they were at the airport again.
"I don't think there will be enough people sir."
"No time, just hurry- Turn left here!"
John sighed. “Sherlock, I have a date.”
Molly was suprised by the lack of Sherlock's protest but at the same time grateful too. She wanted to help out John because she knew what was it like not to have a place to sit at lunch.
When he arrived at Barts a kind nurse showed him the room. Upon entering he was gifted with a sight which was unusual but at the same time it didn't seem out of place either.
"Do as he says!" John's voice cut through the chaos for a moment.
A new player.
Sherlock's face was guarded as he answered. "Yes."
"John! Hurry up!" Sherlock looked behind himself as he ran down the alley with his friend in tow.
"I found his gun. Mycroft's men were always so stupid. I didn't give a chance for Mycroft to stop me. I shot myself right there in the sitting room."
Lestrade had to suppress a grin at Sherlock who tried to pretend that he was annoyed about the greeting, but failing terribly as he smirked.
"Got it." Lestrade nodded and took out his notepad and waited for Sherlock to tell him what did he get.
They glanced at each other than the tired looking one stepped ahead.
"What are these checkpoints?" He interrupted.
"So it's not revenge?"
Lestrade wandered into the living room and sat down onto the well worn sofa to wait.
Sherlock closed his eyes to prevent the tears. John was pushed to death by him. Well, not exactly by him, but still.
"Um, suprise?" John awkwardly scratched the back of his head with the grin still in place.
"What? But then why did you go?"
"Probably nothing had happened. They must have gotten into a nasty sand storm, nothing else." Sherlock said and it seemed like he was more like reassuring himself than talking to him.
His observation was cut short by the man himself who noticed him and was now staring at him.
Sherlock without thinking took his legs off of the third chair as an invitation. The boy threw him a grateful smile and sat down with his plate of food and tea.
He only got a nod for that question and thankfully he didn't need to ask for more information as the other one continued.
"No problem." He shrugged and with sending a kind smile at Molly and a smirk at him, he left.
He didn’t say a word, he just pulled the big bulky coat apart in front of him and Sherlock had to swallow the cry of fear. Across John’s chest was a bomb strapped there neatly.
Moriarty laughed like a hyena. “Oh I know, I just sent her into the Underworld. It will be a while till Hades finds her.”
"Nice shot." He said simply, stopping whatever was about about to leave John's mouth.
Three days later Lestrade was back at Baker St with a heavy feeling in his stomach.
"Out. Date with Mary."
John just shed his jumper and shirt and was standing without a shirt, talking to Sherlock. This was the first time Greg saw John for the Capitan he was. His stomach, chest and back were well built and tanned and Lestrade gulped when he saw a bit of ink too.
"Okay, okay. I am just suprised that you haven't insulted us yet." He said and scratched the back of his neck. "Not that that it's a problem, I am just curious about, well, why is that?"
Slowly, a few minutes later Sherlock's breathing slowed. Mycroft gently nudged his brother into their box. Sherlock's leg gave up underneath him and he slumped into the slightly dirty jumper which they often used as a bed.
Lestrade flinched as the paintball caught him on the back of his neck. They both turned around so fast that thinking back to it Lestrade was suprised that their heads were still in place.
"W-who are you?" He coughed and his mouth was dry. One of the man looked at the floor next to Sherlock's bed. There Sherlock saw a glass of water. Without thinking much of it -if they wanted to harm him by poisoning him they would have done it while he was still out- he downed the whole glass. It was refreshing.
Greg fell back into his chair, still tying to process what had just happened.
"You think so?" He asked.
Greg was about to excuse himself, seeing that Sherlock was in good hands when Watson spoke up.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, knowing that the question was only asked from him because they knew how much he was against feelings. They hoped to make him uncomfortable.
There was a loud thump and Lestrade thought that his jaw had literally fallen off, but it was just Donovan who had dropped the case files in shock. She stared at Holmes with a disbelieving look, her mouth hanging open. Behind her, Anderson matched her expression.
John chuckled and tussled the fur on the top of his head. "Be a good boy for me while I am away Gladstone. Look after him, yeah?" He asked and with one last pat he stepped away and picked up his things. He smiled sadly at them one last time before turning around and leaving.
And they looked exactly like him.
chair. "I am clean! There's no reason for this. And they aren't even part of the drug department!" He motioning toward Anderson and Donovan.
"I am so- God this is awkward." She muttered and when they were finally free she picked up the leash quickly and started to pull away her dog.
Now he was waiting for the last beep. His blood was buzzing with anticipation. It was like a drug, something to take his mind of his miserable love life.
“You are working against each other, won’t that be a problem?” Harmonia asked in concern. She was always so worried about her peace.
This was a nightmare
All this ran through his head in seconds while his eyes continued to take him in. He was missing somehing. Something obvious. It was there somewhere, he knew it was. But where? Where?!
"He is probably started hearing by now." Said a deep voice which sounded weird to Sherlock's ears.
"Well, if you have any idea where should we look, I am all ears." Greg said and pulled one eyebrow up.
Although as they were disappearing from his view John looked back and barked one more time.
"Who did I text, Sherlock?"
"Maybe she didn't have one?"
When they were almost done the door was pushed open again and John Watson stepped in.
Lestrade shushed the dog sitting between his legs as they waited for the passengers to appear. Beside him Sherlock was wriggling his fingers nervously and biting his bottom lip.
Everything was going to be alright, Sherlock thought as he held tightly onto John.
“He is stronger for some reason and the stakes are too high to just start playing his games without knowing everything.”
Sherlock's hand came and took the letter from John who was now just staring at nothing. The detective's hand shook and the paper crumpled in his hand.
He wasn't the only one who noticed.
Sherlock looked at him pityingly. "She was cheating on her husband of course she had one and because of that she wouldn't have left it home either. Conclusion, the murderer took it."
They arrived 20 minutes earlier than the meeting with the killer was arranged, but Sherlock for once didn't mind to wait. John needed to eat something so he could function properly for the rest of the night.
He was brought to a dark, abandoned warhouse. He shook his head at the new proof that being dramatic ran in the Holmes family.
Before them stood the detective and the soldier with self satisfied smiles on their faces.
The woman across him just smiled sweetly. “Oh darling, it’s already in the working.” She took a sip of her cup just to indulge in the human gesture.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft let out an irritated huff at the high pitched meow. John was a friend of Sherlock's, perhaps his only friend.
He remembered being pulled into the alley and seeing three faces. The strange thing was that he remembered seeing his own face looking back at him instead of his captors faces. Whatever was on that cloth must have been something that acted quickly.
Then finally he saw them. The woman was sitting on a bench writing something in a bright coloured notebook. John was laying down next to the bench with a ball between his paws and panting. Obviously they just had finished a game of fetch.
"I think you should be the one to figure it out." Said the one who was shot. "You are the one who is in this universe and the one who thinks like he should in this time. All of us are damaged and different then the thing you need. Though we can tell about your possible future if that helps."
"I expected more from you Lestrade." His gaze pinned him to where he stood. Suddenly he felt nauseous. "I hadn't even had the evidence yet but of course you thought I haven't changed. You went and organised this charade without giving it a second thought. After all a junkie is always a junkie, right Lestrade?" He bit out and Greg dropped his eyes to the floor in shame.
"Don't go. Please don't go. Don't leave me." He heard him whisper and a knot fromed in his stomach.
The car started up and they were off, Greg asked no questions. He learned a long time ago that none of them would be answered.
"You are always so clever. Come on Mr. Holmes show me how clever you can be." The cabbie said. "You love to play the-" His mouth was open, his hands shaking and the pill was almost touching his lips when suddenly there was a loud bang and the cabby fell to the ground. Blood oozing from his shoulder.
Sherlock with a resigned sigh sat back and put his legs up on the spare chair while Molly went to fetch both of them a cup. He started to think of the case which was one of his client's but he was pulled out of his mind by Molly. Molly, who wasn't alone.
Sherlock hissed, showing his teeth and his fur stood up on his back as the other man tried to grab him. He clawed at the hand and was satisfied when he sliced into flesh. He tried to attack again but John's meow stopped him.
He looked back from the door one last time to see the blond's bafflement. He couldn't resist the smirk and the wink he threw at him before he shut the door.
He even had a psychosomatic limp and so many layers. Yes, Sherlock decided. He need this man to be his flatmate. He was a walking enigma. A puzzle to solve. He needed more time to unravel the layers. To see who John Watson really was.
But he had no idea where to find him and more importantly he had a case. A seriel killer! But the glee wasn't like when he had been back at 221B and he first heard of the mysterious note.
"Don't worry brother dear, we will get him back."
"Hungry?" Sherlock asked standing up with a smile and already started putting on his coat.
He wasn't sure how much time passed when he reopened his eyes. He cleared his throat to regain some short of control.
"Really? Can I go?"
For a few a seconds after their arrival it was bone chillingly quiet. Then a door opened across from them.
After a while John spoke up. “So a half god, eh?” He asked and started to giggle. Sherlock couldn’t help it and joined in. Their laugh echoing in the deserted swimming pool.
"Next Spring I will be big enough." He stated and held his chin high but then he shivered as the cold wind picked up.
“If you are so powerful why do you need to kill me?”
"But he is still in danger. I know what kind of criminals Sherlock faces."
"Like how?" Sherlock asked tentatively, seeing the dark expression on their faces.
After one week of one sided texting he finally got an anwser from Sherlock about his whereabouts.
"We never thought we would get this far!" The junkie snapped back.
“How was the job?”
Sherlock groaned when the Goddess appeared beside him in the lab. This time she was a plump black woman with big brown eyes full red lips and long wavy ebony black hair.
"Sir?"
The British government looked at him with raised eyebrows. "You should be more grateful, inspector. Thanks to my brother your son sees no need to join the army."
"If he couldn't pull you out of this than he shouldn't help at all." Sherlock snapped.
"I have more important matters to attend than catch you an amateur, inspector." The younger man said with a tone that left no place to further discussion. Greg frowned at that but before he could speak Sherlock had already hailed a cab and was leaving in it.
"What? You kidnap me so to warn me not to mess it up, but you don't actually know the answer."
"One of us has to be the bait then." She said. Lestrade nodded and both of them turned to Anderson with raised eyebrows.
"I just wanted to appologise. So I am sorry for not trusting you, entering your home and disturbing your privacy. I tried to stop them but I should have tried harder."
"I heard what happened from Donovan. Two pills, was it? Dreadful business, dreadful." John said before Sherlock could utter a word. The consultan smiled knowingly.
After it was mostly out of their system Sherlock answered. “Yes, how did you know?”
“Logic can be defeated. Science isn’t all. You are an argument against yourself. You are a half God and no man who believes in Science, believes in Gods.” She looked him in the eyes, irritation and determination swimming in those green orbs. “Why can’t you see that you can go against your nature and be both? Why can you expect that in one part of yourself but not in the other?”
He growled and shut the book he was checking angrily. This is way he didn’t do feelings. They muddled up everything. Well, mostly just his work, but that was the only thing Sherlock really got.
So he needed to find the perfect pair for both of them. Great his job just became twice as difficult.
"A drug bust." Lestrade answered off handedly and looked at his son who was looking shocked and angry.
"He will be here soon." He said dryly then turned around and pushed the door to the men's changing room open.
She was an adulter, she did everything on her phone. It was the most important thing of hers.
Sherlock obsereved the man. He thought that he looked relatively normal aside from the obvious. A bit tired but he was in fresh clothes and cleane shaven. His hair was normal too. It looked like he was dressed to a nother normal day. How could it have gone so wrong then?
For a moment it was eerily quiet then Zeus chuckled. “Calm down, Jove.” He said in a condescending manner. “Let’s listen to the half gods now. They probably have more interesting things to tell us about the changing word.”
Sherlock turned around and looked through the windows but there was no-one in the opposite room or he just couldn't see them.
"What should I have done? Stop using and end up like you?"
His breathing was ragged and Sherlock already knew what had happened. He would do the same thing.
“You would have died too, I couldn’t let that happen.” Sherlock looked at him with confusion, his eyes asking John silently.
"My face?"
"Your son could either make my brother better or destroy him completely."
Sherlock rolled his toung out and panted happily as a friendly gesture. The shepherd cocked his head to the left as he gazed up and wiggled his tail a few times.
Any way enjoy.
"Is he going to use all his paintballs on him?"
Unfortunately Donovan was the first who regained the ability to speak.
He tried to steady his hand as he opened the door. Inside there was a bed and the wall was pined with papers. Though the first thing Sherlock saw was the bloody hole in the back of his own head. From the angle it looked like he shot himself.
“She?” He managed to get it out.
“Challenge accepted.”
When he reached his box he almost crashed into Mycroft. As soon as he registered that it was his brother his thin control snapped and he became a panicked mess.
"Why should I need to be faster?"
As he got dressed he listened to the others talking eagerly about the chance to shoot at Sherlock. He thought about saying something against it but in the end left it. He wasn't in the mood to argue against his team when at the beginning of the week Sherlock and Anderson had a big fight. Which was not unusual, however in this fight Anderson used John to hurt Sherlock. Which made Sherlock more cutting than ever. However Greg noticed that on that day Sherlock left as soon as he could. He was obviously hurt. Plus it didn't really help that John wasn't present that day, nasty virus at clinic or something.
Greg chewed on his bottom lip. "You have to keep your brother away from John. I don't need Sherlock turning him into an addict."
"We need some volunteers help in a drug bust."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed and he put the file down and picked up the album with care but also with a noticeable possessiveness.
"I am in need of a flat mate if you are interested." Sherlock said quickly, not really thinking before speaking.
Lestrade cleared his throat feeling a bit uncomfortable. "So you couldn't reach him on Wednesday?" He asked and instantly scolded himself as he saw Sherlock's eyes darken and he could see worry in them.
“No, at least I don’t think in the same contest.”
As Sherlock’s luck had it John chose that moment to enter, catching his statement fully. He cursed Caerus (God of luck) in his head colourfully for not doing him a favour.
"Sorry." He apologised again. "So you would tell me about him if I asked?"
"No idea, it's from the government though." Sally said and flipped it over, searching for any more information.
"Send the text to that number, will you?"
Sherlock pursed his lips and clenched his fist. “I. Don’t. Have. Feelings. For. John.” He said in a kind of repressed voice.
"You know that she is dead, why are you so suprised that the murderer has her phone?"
"And thanks to your little experimenting you died."
"Ignore everything I've just said. It must be the shock talking." Sherlock said and started to go toward John who was standing beyond the police cars, out of everyone's sight. A person who had nerves of steel, good morals, has a gun and has an excellent aim. Their eyes locked and Sherlock knew in that moment that he lost his balance at the edge of the cliff.
That couldn't be... They texted it..
"Where is John?"
From then on he wasn't quiet, retractable. He snapped at everything and everyone. He was rude and arrogant as he told him his deductions.
Sherlock didn't say much when he arrived, in fact he kept the talking on the minimum. The officers avoided him and even Donovan and Anderson didn't complain.
He saw that they were heading to the park close by. Sherlock glanced at the clock and growled. There was still almost an hour till their walk. He glanced at Lestrade who now settled back as he saw that Sherlock stopped barking.
"You are still small John." Sherlock said with a teasing meow. "Ow." He whined as John tugged on his ear but then licked it to smooth the spot.
"The murderer, next?"
"He is gone Mycroft. You have to help, please." Sherlock begged.
“That was what I was suggesting.” He said in a last attempt to stop John from going.
John was interesting. Sherlock didn’t know how the man even existed. He was full of opposites. A golden heart with a logical brain, a healer and a killer, stubborn but understanding. Truly an enigma. And so much to learn about him.
Just when he was outside of the hospital he stopped and thought about John's parting wish.
There was a snort after that and a bitter voice. "Of course, you would know."
As he spotted Lestrade he shot him a glare, but otherwise remained unresponsive.
"John is fine." He offered.
He barked back
He was snapped out of his musings when he felt the first drops of icy rain hit his fur. John was half asleep by then so he was drowsy as he was woken up by the black cat.
The phone... something with the phone. She had no phone on her.. the killer had it. A password. Tracking.
Sherlock faced John and smiled weakly. "This isn't what I imagined we will be doing when you are wearing your uniform." He said and John let out a laugh. Greg saw Sherlock smile sweetly as he watched his husband intensely. Probably trying to memories every detail of him.
So Sherlock Holmes, half god of Science and Logic did what he never thought he would ever do. He prayed.
"Rachel was Jennifer's daughter by the way." Lestarde said turning back to him.
He was shocked that Philip actually did it. Before he got over this fact he was already reading the letter out loud and all the others were there too.
"Ah, hi Lestrade." John greeted him in a quiet voice as he passed him with a bag in his hands. "Sherlock is in the sitting room." He said and shut their bedroom door.
"Why would she think of her unborn daugher? I wonder why." Anderson sneered.
Sherlock scoffed. "Why would I-" He abruptly stopped talking as the men revealed their faces or face because all of them were the same. Including Sherlock's.
Lestrade couldn't fault him for it. The man was probably worried sick.
Heracles, protector of mankind, appeared out of nowhere, his eyes shining like the shield around John. Behind Moriarty with a loud thunder Zeus appeared. The half God turned around hastily and with wide eyes looked up to his king. Zeus raised his eyebrows in a mocking manner and threw a thunderbolt down between them. It exploded with a bright light and acting on instinct Sherlock grabbed John and pulled him against his chest to shield him away from it.
"Enough!" A third one shouted and his voice echoed faintly.
Their gaze however was broken when the dog was pulled away by his master, although at first he didn't budge and Sherlock grinned in his own way at that.
"Where are you going?"
“Enough!” A thunderbolt rang through the hall, finally Jupiter lost his patience.
Lestrade was about to appologise to her again when they heard a soft woof next to them.
The urge to grin vanished as he saw Anderson gag in disgust.
He had no idea why Mycroft (God of control) continued to force him to attend to these idiotic meetings. They were always about how they continue to control the human word with theatrics. They were too up in the clouds to realise that that control was slipping away, quite literally.
"-a month of service with us will-"
Sherlock unfortunately paid no mind to the men who stepped out of it and started to approach them. He was only snapped out of his thoughts when it was too late. With a quick move John was snatched away from beside him and thrown into a cage.
Sherlock pulled away and got to work on the bomb. As soon as it was off of John he slid it away from them. He was even fast enough that when he turned back he managed to catch John as he collapsed.
"John's assassin wife."
He prayed for his family to help him. He called up on Heracles, protector of mankind. He called out for Kratos to let him borrow his strength to defeat Moriarty. He called for Zeus to give him help. He called Hermes to tell all the Gods that they were needed.
“You didn’t kill her.” Sherlock said because the way Moriarty was talking implied that he thought so.
Sherlock was always happy to help on those. It meant more time out of the flat. His nose and eyes were quite keen and always managed to track down some clue or a suspect.
“A what?” Sherlock asked trying to buy time for himself to regroup.
As they reached him John's scold vanished and just like that he was smiling at Greg kindly. Lestrade shook his head in disbelief as he followed them inside.
Both of the humans glanced down to see their dogs leaning against each other looking pleased as punch.
Sherlock hugged John closer. “Probably, but we will go through it once you have gotten proper medical attention.” He heard sirens in the far distance. Good. Mycroft was close.
Suddenly he slapped his half drunken coffee down onto the table, spilling a little bit out in the process. Both Molly and John looked at him questioningly, but he just asked for Molly's phone.
As they watched him John came up next to them with sigh but with a wicked smile on his face.
John shrugged. “Moriarty talked while we were waiting. Is it, I mean, Is it true what he told me?”
"Don't you have a date?"
"What is this?!" Sherlock asked stopping in front of Lestrade. His fingers twitched while he tried to control himself not to yell at Donovan who was disturbing his experiment in the microwave.
"What? Oh come on." He said incredulously.
Only the Greek Gods were present which was fine by Sherlock. He faced them.
"Oh for God's sake Lestrade spit it out already." Sherlock said with a sharp tone.
It was good to see the happy family reunited
Sherlock was pale and rigid, his eyes wide and he looked scared. Lestrade didn't like that emotion on the man. It was unnatural. Next to him was a box with the evidence in them and Greg winced in guilt. On the other hand John stood next to him like a soldier. His back straight and tense, his hands were in fist and his stare was hard.
He knelt next to the body and started to examine it with his pocket magnifier. "What poison causes swelling at the fingers and blue tongue?" He said to no-one in particular or it seemed like that until: "John?"
"Who?"
“Aprotos, I can’t thank you enough that you worked so quickly.”
"Cousin?! There is always something."
Lestrade realising that Anderson was deadset on crossing the line stepped forward. He was about to get the letter out of his hand, with force if he had to but he was interrupted by a loud tearing sound.
“I am surprised you lasted this long without checking on me.” He put the violin away and sat in his chair. He couldn’t hold back the disapproving frown which found his way onto his face when the Goddess sat across of him into John’s chair.
The soldier nodded, seemingly understanding. Then their gaze was broken by Gladstone who jumped at John. His front paws against his hips as he tried to lick his face.
Lestrade looked back to the pair and this time his eyes met Sherlock's. The younger man just smirked and pulled a challenging eyebrow. Greg gulped.
"Yeah, I'll be there." Greg said still lost for words.
Sherlock frowned at that. "How could you know that he would have gotten married?"
"So, um you took his name, eh?" He said to smooth the situation. Greg shut his eyes and pursed his lips in pain at the stupidity.
“Sherlock-” She tried to reach out to him, to fix what had gone wrong, but she was quickly shut down.
He heard John's suprised examination and he couldn't help himself. He grinned harder.
Suddenly a hand appeared on his shoulder. He looked up and saw Aphrodite. She smiled sadly in response at the angry glare the half god threw at her with unshed tears in his eyes.
“There’s something I’ve been wanting to talk to you about. Something I’ve wanted to tell you.”
Sherlock noticed that John’s eyes flicked up to track his movement into the kitchen, then back to his notebook when he saw where Sherlock was going. A moment later he heard John push his chair back and stand up from the desk. With his position at the kitchen table, Sherlock was able to observe without being seen.
John stared at his ceiling for a long time, not listening for any noises downstairs because he didn’t know if he wanted Sherlock to stay that night or go back to wherever he had been. He felt unmoored as his thoughts drifted from one thing to another and he was unable to latch onto any thought for longer than a few moments.
“Happy now, sweetheart?” She nodded, and John smiled. “All right, then, no more delaying. Off to nap with you.” He handed her over to Sherlock, who he still couldn’t look in the eye, and watched as they went up the stairs to the room John and her shared. If he was honest, he was getting worried about how fast she was growing. She wouldn’t be able to share a room with him for much longer, and John didn’t want to leave 221B. But what choice would they have when it came time? He supposed he could maybe rent 221C from Mrs. Hudson. It wasn’t ideal, especially with the mold issues and a young child, but they could make it work.
“How?”
“You do not!”
John closed his book and laid it down on the table beside his half-filled teacup. He stood up from his chair and cocked his head slightly to the side and regarded him quietly. Sherlock watched as John’s eyes traveled over him, head to toe and back again. He briefly wondered if this was how people felt when he looked at them and he wasn’t sure if he entirely liked it. But then again, it was John’s dark blue gaze that took him in so carefully, and he did rather like that. As John silently scrutinized him, he took the time to observe John as well. He had showered recently and was wearing clean pajamas- an old RAMC shirt and plaid sleep trousers-, and they were creased enough to show John had sat in his chair for some time. His eyes flickered to John’s neck and arms for any sign of love bites or fingertip bruises left by gripping hands, then cursed himself for trying to see them. There were none that he saw, but he also didn’t want to see them if they were there. His eyes snapped back to John’s face when the smaller man took a step towards him.
“You ended up sharing your tikka masala with me.”
One day, Sherlock came to the house he had shared with Mary, and John could see that he knew something about her. Where she was or what might have happened to her. He had held Rosie in his arms, bottle in her greedily suckling mouth, and shook his head firmly at his friend. “I don’t want to know,” he had said. Sherlock had opened his mouth and John spoke over him. “I don’t want to know. She left. I don’t want to know, Sherlock,” and Sherlock had closed his mouth and came inside the house. He had made tea for them, and John had finished feeding Rosie. She had been fussy and refused to be put down. When he eventually gave up trying to lay her in her cot for a nap, he had come back down and Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table. “Come back to Baker Street. You and Rosie,” he said and John hesitated. He had stared down at his sleeping daughter in his arms, salty tear tracks crusted on her cheeks. Sherlock couldn’t want this. He hadn’t signed up for babies and dirty nappies and midnight feedings. But Sherlock looked at Rosie, then met his eyes and said “I want you both there,” and John said “Okay”, because he was a selfish man and he couldn’t imagine raising a baby on his own, not when he could have Sherlock in his life, as well. He and Rosie were moved in two weeks later and the house sold a month after that.
Dark blue eyes scanned over his face while John’s fingers threaded through his curls. He could have purred at the sensation, but somehow he managed to hold it in under the pleasing ministrations. John smiled up at him, but his stomach suddenly rumbled and his eyes widened in embarrassment before a giggle escaped from him.
“Who did you just text? Is that the woman’s case? The dead woman’s case?” he asked.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered honestly. John smiled.
John felt his mouth pull into a frown at the serious tone in Sherlock’s voice.
He turned away to look out the window, mentally cursing himself as he chewed on the inside of his cheek. He needed John to take the upstairs room, and here he was letting his mouth run away with him in a way that everyone hated. People hated it when he deduced them like that. Why had he…
“Oh, Sherlock…,” she said. “Why?” she questioned, seemingly unable to come up with anything else to say or ask.
“Damnit, Sherlock, you cannot treat people like this! You can’t jump off buildings and then just waltz back in after two years and expect everything to be the same as it was before. You can’t just ignore people’s feelings and expect them to forgive you the second you show up!”
He climbed the stairs and made his way into the flat. The fire was lit, flames dancing merrily in the grate, and he definitely hadn’t left that unattended when he left and the light was on in the kitchen.
He tucked the cookbook under the two mysteries he had already chosen and finished his journey to the counter to pay.
“Of course, I forgive you,” John replied, recalling those painful minutes when he was convinced that he was about to die after just finding out that Sherlock was still alive. How unfair life had seemed in those moments. Even then, he still couldn’t give voice to the feelings in his heart. No wonder he still held them so close to his chest this far down the road. He was definitely not a fearless man.
“I know you are,” he said. “I’m sorry I yelled at you,” he apologized, but Sherlock just shook his head.
John had definitely been learning too much from Sherlock.  He met the doctor’s eyes, but couldn’t find anything to say. When several moments passed without either of them speaking, John gave his head a small shake and looked away.
“Mother. Our mother. This is my brother, Mycroft,” he answered John before returning his attention to his older brother. “Putting on weight again?” he sneered, frustrated at his brother for deciding now was an appropriate time to interrupt his life.
“It’s nothing personal,” he began, and Sherlock listened to him explain his reasonings for what felt like the thousandth time. They seemed valid, on the surface level, but Sherlock knew they were all hollow excuses. They didn’t touch on the real matter at hand. The real reason John refused to move in. ‘It’s nothing personal,’ John had said, but Sherlock had become confident that it was indeed very personal. He knew it was personal for him, at least.
Sherlock looked up, his eyes silver in the fading grey light of the day.
Pushing himself to a sitting position, he rolled his shoulder carefully, his right hand coming up to knead the muscle where it had tightened during sleep, before he dragged his legs over the side of the bed and his feet hit the cold floorboards before he managed to find his slippers and shove his feet in. He leveraged himself off the bed, feeling every bit the old man he knew he was.
Sherlock had left him all the money from his cases. John didn’t know how or why. Anthea had shown up one day with a folder and paperwork for him to sign. He didn’t bother reading any of it before he grabbed a biro and signed the dotted line in a rush to shove her out of his flat. It was foolish, really, to sign anything that came from Mycroft without reading it, or probably just throw it in the fire to burn, but it had been done. The next day he noticed a significant increase in his bank account. When he went to pay the rent, Mrs. Hudson informed him it had been paid in full for the next year, all utilities as well, and he stared at her for several moments before turning out of her flat, out the front door, and down the pavement.
“Friend?”
With a plan in mind, he forced himself to sit up. He glanced over at the table beside his bed and smiled. It appeared Sherlock had left him a gift. Paracetamol and water first, then. John grabbed the two tablets on the nightstand and knocked the back with the help of the glass of water. He finished the water as he pulled on some pajama bottoms and an old RAMC shirt before heading down stairs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock Holmes, how could you?”
Sherlock pressed closer, his long fingers tightening on John’s hips, and John tore his mouth away, his hands loosening on Sherlock’s shirt and coming up to cup his face gently, his fingers tracing over his jaw, his cheekbones, the hair at the back of his neck. Sherlock shivered at the touch, his eyes closing at John’s touch.
If he was honest with himself, it went even further back than that. He wasn’t sure if he had ever been this happy before. John’s body was so alive and aware of Sherlock as he stood next to him that he wanted nothing more than to grab and pull him towards him, to kiss the breath they had managed to gain back away, to completely lose himself in this mesmerizing man.
“Do I need gloves to open it?”
“Um…,” she replied, looked down at her feet, then shrugged.
This “Alex”, though, changed everything. This was a relationship that John had been in. It was very clear that it went beyond the physical and into the emotional realm of actual relationships.
He watched as Sherlock’s mouth stretched into a soft smile, but he said nothing, so John turned back to watch his daughter again. They were quiet for several more minutes before Sherlock stretched his arms out, pulling John’s attention back to him as he pushed himself upright.
Greg had moved to sit on the couch and was petting Joy when he returned. He held out a mug, and the DI took it with a quiet word of thanks. Joy went to curl up on her bed since she was no longer being petted. John watched the DI with as passive an expression as he could manage as he settled into his armchair.
“What?” Lestrade asked.
There was a look in her eyes that he couldn’t quite parse. She took a sip of her tea before she spoke. “An old “friend”?” she asked and Sherlock could hear all the implications in the word. “Oh, was this the young man who came by yesterday afternoon?” She didn’t bother waiting for him to nod or shake his head. She had already begun, and there was no stopping that train once it left the station. “He was quite dishy, wasn’t he? That lovely dark ginger hair. Tall, too. Not quite as tall as you, of course, dear, but well, you can’t have everything.”
I'm sorry I'm posting this so late! It's been a crazy day. Thanks for reading! 💜
“You’re so desperate for me, John. You pull me into you and I want you to be happy. I oblige. I pull back, nearly all the way out, before sliding back into your hot mouth, all the way in, and you’re so good at this, John. You’re so good at taking me in. I want to be gentle because I don’t want to hurt you, but you keep demanding more with your eyes and your hands and your moans. So I move faster, fucking into your mouth because that’s what you want, and I want you to get what you want. You can barely keep your eyes open and on me, you’re so lost in the feel of me, but you do. You keep your eyes open and watch me fuck your mouth, watch me as I get closer, your hands clutching my arse, and then, when I’m so close, one hand reaches back and you press against me, John, and it’s so good, so good, and I can’t hold back as the tip of your finger pushes into me, and I come down your throat. I come so hard I see stars and you swallow around me. You’re so good to me. You swallow and lick me clean and I can barely stand. You push me down into my chair and -”
“You know, you’re a bit early if you’re here to haunt me and show me the mistakes of my Christmas pasts. Or I suppose you’re a little late, considering you missed the last two Christmases. I have to admit, though, you look good for being a dead man.”
Sherlock’s lips quirked up in a small, private smile, and John knew he was recalling the same memory. He stood up, cleared his throat, and walked over to them. Rosie reached up and he carefully held her out to not get mud all over his clothes. A glance down at Sherlock confirmed that his trousers were nearly as muddy as Rosie’s now.
Sherlock shook his head, turning his attention back to his strawberry ice cream. “Nothing to apologize for.”
John wouldn’t ask. Wouldn’t ask what led to Sherlock laid out on the floor, tears streaming and strands of hair ripped out. He would listen when Sherlock was ready, but he would never ask. How could Sherlock say he woke to an empty flat for too many days? No John to talk to. To laugh with. To chase criminals with and tease Lestrade with and eat takeaway with.
Sherlock had read the signs. Saw the flirtation and the subtle body language clues.  And then what had happened?
“Of course, I want to marry you, John. You’re my family. You and Rosie.”
“Questionable.”
“I think you covered it all,” Sherlock replied. Of course, he didn’t come anywhere near answering the questions Sherlock really wanted to know the answers to. He rose from his chair and Mr. Campbell stood up as well. “John and I have some research to do and we’ll be in touch with you if we have any further questions,” he said. He thought about saying that he would likely have the entire case solved before the end of tomorrow, but then decided it wasn’t worth mentioning. As he was already an avid reader of John’s blog, he didn’t feel the need to show off. Especially when something much more interesting held his attention.
Or perhaps he just recognized that if he locked the door then Sherlock would find a way to get in anyway. The man was like a hunting dog on the scent when there was something he wanted. It appeared using John as a sounding board no matter the location was one of those things.
Rosie didn’t need to be told twice. She squealed in delight as John went to sit on the floor beside the tree with its colorful fairy lights and pass her the first present he reached for. She tore into the wrapping with all the gusto of an excitable child.
“To care, Dr. Watson.”
Some bleach and a flannel and it was as if he never existed.
“Actually, I’m not sure I will be taking the upstairs bedroom,” John said after her question.
His eyes went back up to her. “How did you know it was John’s ex?” he asked. Mrs. Hudson had probably been the person who heard John’s exclamations of “I’m not gay” more than anyone else.
“I’m sorry,” he uttered and John’s brows arched up in surprise at the apology. Oddly enough, he actually meant it. “I’ll try to take more care. Make sure you’re there,” he continued and enjoyed the flush that rose in John’s cheeks.
He watched as Sherlock stepped out of the room without a further word, then he went to give his own goodnight kisses.
“I haven’t given you a number. It would more than cover the cost of your share of the flat and anything else you could possibly need,” he said, and John shook his head hard.
“I don’t spoil her.”
His knees slipped back under the water as he sat up, the cooler air in the room causing his exposed skin to bubble in gooseflesh and producing an involuntary shiver. John murmured something unintelligible, his hand now brushing over his shoulder and down his arm until it touched the waterline and disappeared.
“I won’t,” John said decisively.
They piled into the back of the taxi and Sherlock gave the address to Baker Street. The cabbie pulled out into the traffic and they made their way to the other side of the city. They sat in silence for some time. John’s thoughts wandered over everything that had happened to him in the last several months. It was nearly a year since he had been shot and invalided out of the army.
“I’m sure there was no bias there.”
That said, he couldn’t help poking a bit at the wasp’s nest.
“Mistletoe is a bit cliche,” Sherlock said after they pulled apart, though John felt Sherlock’s smile against his lips.
He swallowed it down this time, though. This woman didn’t know them. She had just happened to see and observe them for a moment in time. She had called them a “beautiful family” and John couldn’t deny that they were, in fact, a family. An unconventional one, for sure, but a family nonetheless. One he was proud of. He smiled as he reached out to tuck one of Rosie’s blonde curls behind her ear and out of her ice cream.
Sherlock met her steady gaze for several moments before he looked away. He gave a small shake of his head.
He had been under the too-hot cascade of the shower for several minutes, just letting the water wash the torrent of emotions that had assaulted him for the last several hours down the drain, when he heard the door open, then shut again.
Rosie ran into the kitchen. “Cake for breakfast?!”
It was 12 days in, and it had been a decent enough day. John had gone to work for a shift, came home to another delightful meal that Mrs. Hudson joined them for before she went back down to her flat, and then Sherlock pulled out the scotch and they had steadily made their way through the bottle since. He was warm and his muscles were sufficiently relaxed. They were sitting together on the couch and had just finished watching a news program when Sherlock leaned forward and closed the laptop.
John stood up, frustration and disbelief and hurt still coursing through him.
“I want you,” Sherlock pleaded.
“What for? You don’t have work on Friday because it’s a bank holiday and you don’t have hours on Monday. Plenty of time for a short holiday.”
“What is the manner of your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?” he asked.
At first, John had been perfect because he was so common. He was a little interesting, what with the psychosomatic limp (long gone now) and all the signs of being an adrenaline junkie, but when it came down to it he was common. He’d pay his share of the rent, ignore Sherlock, and they’d do their own thing. He had also been fairly sure he’d do more than his share of cleaning thanks to his military background. So: perfect.
“What’s different?” he demanded, turning to face the DI as soon as he crossed the threshold.
“Are you okay, John?” He glanced up at his date from his crouch on the floor and nodded. Her face was a mix of confused and concerned, and John forced himself to give a smile.
He sighed, unable to explain to her the importance of John’s smile and how Alexander Campbell was the one who could get him to smile like that again. His shoulders rose and fell again in a shrug.
“Fair enough,” John agreed, his voice somewhat flat, and Sherlock wondered what exactly he had said to cause John’s mood to change that swiftly. “Well, I’m going to take a quick shower and then we can go to lunch if you still want to,” he said, and he left before Sherlock acknowledged him.
Granted, it wasn’t usually do to the pain in his leg. He could actually walk pretty long distances with the cane. It was the looks he received from passersby on the street that really bothered him. He was too young to need a cane, too young to walk with a limp, and pitying looks of strangers did nothing to help his mood. Luckily, people in Rome didn’t seem to care as he trudged along. He ignored them, and they, blessedly, ignored him.
“Who are you?” John asked in disbelief of the entire conversation.
John raised a hand to cover one of Sherlock’s as he held his face, turned his head to kiss the warm palm. “I can’t lose you, Sherlock,” he confessed, unable and unwilling to hide the sincerity behind the statement.
“That’s two things, John,” he says, and John is now a thorough mix of confused and exasperated, but he decides not to call Sherlock out on the fact that he’s not answering John’s question about the case.
“I thought it brought out the color of my eyes nicely,” he replies, and his breath catches in his throat as Sherlock’s hands move to the tie around his neck, his nimble fingers deftly loosening the knot and pulling it off John slowly and letting it fall to pool on the floor. His hands then move to the top button of his shirt and pops it open. Another follows as Sherlock looks down into his eyes.
Of course, this was all assuming Sherlock was interested in engaging in any kind of relationship with John beyond what they already had anyway. A romantic one. With or without sex. Solitary shower wanks had served him well and he saw no reason why they wouldn’t continue to do so.
He drained his tea, then looked to the laptop that was still waiting for the password to be entered. He typed it in, two fingers tapping slowly and methodically, and when it was up and running he pulled up a new tab on the internet and searched for restaurants in his vicinity. It was too early to eat, but he wanted to have an idea of where to go. He found one promising one, and then closed the computer down again.
John arched his brows.
even closer, their bodies pressed hard together.
“I thought you were getting your shoes on.”
“Mrs. Hudson, that’s all there is. And that’s okay.”
“What were you doing, then?”
The same adrenaline that flooded his system in a chase coursed through him as he stood there. His heart pounded almost painfully in his chest. He briefly considered speaking. Saying something. Explain to John that he felt the same. The takeaway and the cases and all of it. That there had been some kind of misunderstanding all this time between them. But they were both men of action, and there had been enough talking tonight.
Yeah. That wasn’t something he would ever tell a living soul.
Sherlock recounted all their time together in their flat. That shared living space where they moved around each other with effortless ease. Casual touches, fingers that lingered over the passing of mugs of tea, banal nagging about milk and body parts in the fridge, the blankets placed carefully over sleeping forms when one didn’t make it to their bed. So many domestic moments that filled their lives and he never read into it. There had been no reason to. John wasn’t gay, so all of their interactions had to have been done within the bounds of friendship and nothing more. He was aware, of course,  that their friendship appeared to cross boundaries that ordinary people in their ordinary friendships tended to have, but they were hardly ordinary, were they?
“He was comparing love to the steadfastness of the guiding star. Should one find themselves lost or knocked off course, they could simply look up and find their way back home by finding Polaris. He was claiming that love, just like the North Star, remains true and constant.”
Sherlock sniffs derisively and John hides his eye roll as he buttons his coat.
“Do you want to hear one of my favorite fantasies?” John asked later, when they were closer to sleep than wakefulness. Sherlock hummed in reply.
She found him after a few moments of looking at the different windows. “I’m hungry!”
“I need these samples, John,” Sherlock replied, completely unaffected by the fact that John was screaming at him, that he was in the shower, that he was cursing the man’s entire existence as the shampoo was stinging his eyes as he tried to rinse it out.
John reached up a hand to touch his friend’s face. His fingers traced over his cheekbone, his jaw. His thumb traced the shape of his bottom lip. He felt Sherlock’s breathing pick up, felt his pulse as it began to race under his fingers. John met Sherlock’s gaze again, saw the truth of his words in his eyes, and gently pulled him down to his mouth.
“Everyone that matters,” Sherlock answered, which wasn’t really an answer, but John supposed he knew who that meant regardless.
“Come here.”
“You’re on.”
“Yeah, he is...wait, what?” John inquired. “You read my blog?”
“What do you mean?” John asked evasively, refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“I always eat my dinner. You never do.”
“Well, I think I’ll be off, then. Need to get some Christmas shopping finished.”
It didn’t matter that John didn’t actually live upstairs. The chair had been inadvertently claimed by him, and it was now his chair. It wasn’t logical, but that didn’t change anything.
Sherlock had deduced John’s previous sexual experience with men, but he figured it had been something that he had experimented with during his years at war with his fellow soldiers. Perhaps a drunken encounter during his days at university. Rather innocent and innocuous incidents, he assumed. He never thought it had gone further than physical interactions.
Sherlock raised his shoulders in an absentminded shrug. “Nothing that needs my full attention just yet,” he answered. A few more quick taps on the keys of the laptop opened up several tabs and he began reading over the website that Mr. Campbell had provided him with for information on the clinic he ran. Another tab held the names of the different events where the non-profit was listed as the recipient for fundraising efforts. There were two hospitals, several private businesses, and a handful of private citizens. He was halfway down the list of businesses when Mrs. Hudson settled the tea tray down at the table closest to him and she began the task of pouring them both a cup and preparing them to their liking.
“Are you done yet?”
They swayed to the rhythm of the song, their bodies flush from thighs to chests as they circled slowly. Sherlock breathed in the familiar scent of John once again, his arms tightening around him slightly as John carefully pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I didn’t,” he began, but John cut him off with an irritated huff.
“Smells good,” Sherlock complimented him, meaning it, and felt a flush of pleasure at the blush that rose to John’s cheeks at the compliment.
“Entertain me.”
“It is,” she agreed. “Have you two talked yet?”
Sherlock shrugged and stuffed the rest of the biscuit in with a smirk.
He lost himself for a few minutes in the mindless process of making tea, the automatic motions of pulling down a mug, putting in a teabag, pouring the boiling water over the leaves, waiting the four minutes for optimum steeping, tossing the used bag in the rubbish bin, the addition of milk and sugar, the stir of the spoon and the scrape of the metal against the ceramic mug. Grounding, predictable motions.
All of the windows were open to let in the breeze. The house smelled of the garden and the sea. Golden light shone through the glass and white linen curtains and cast the rooms in the soft glow of the warm afternoon. Rosie’s song as she sang to herself among the trees filtered through the open window and John was fairly sure he never wanted to leave.
“That would explain how you planned everything so quickly,” John said and Sherlock glanced at him. “How long have they had this one?”
John sighed and shook his head, listening to make sure Sherlock was still playing and not listening to their conversation. He kept his voice low, even though the sound of the violin continued on from the living room.
, and
God, he really shouldn’t drink that early in the morning. It made him maudlin and far too depressingly philosopical for a Saturday morning.
The gift had been a struggle to keep hidden from him. He had kept it at work for the longest time and then forgot about it on purpose. He didn’t want to ruin the surprise and hiding something this big, this important, from the most observant man he had ever known, probably in the world, was no easy feat.
“Shut up,” Sherlock snarled, annoyed at the DI, the doctor, and himself.
He dreamed of the unrepentant force of gravity and woke with the memory of another pair of dead eyes.
John, however, felt every brush of long fingers and press of his palms in his soul. It wasn’t sensual, it was sunblock, but it felt like so much more. He kept his eyes open, watching Rosie as she filled a bucket with sand, and tried to keep himself from leaning into Sherlock’s hands.
They both watched after her for a moment before John turned back to him.
When he met Mary, he thought maybe he could turn his miserable existence around again. It wasn’t perfect, but she seemed to accept his flaws and they made it work. He told himself he was in love with her. Just another little lie he told himself. He should have realized earlier how bad he was at lying. He never should have married her. But he wouldn’t give up Rosie for the world, so it didn’t matter anyway.
“So me and Mrs. Hudson, Greg? Your family, obviously,” John said, and couldn’t help the small note of anger that slipped into his voice at the mention of Sherlock’s family, his brother. He shook his head at himself. It didn’t matter. “What about Molly?”
“You just texted me 20 minutes ago. Why didn’t you text whoever you needed to then?”
“You’ve already had a biscuit for breakfast. I think we’ll save the cake for another day.”
The restaurant was relatively quiet around him tonight, or perhaps he just wasn’t paying much attention. Other couples filled the tables, perhaps a family or two, but it wasn’t enough of a distraction to keep his focus off of the door as he waited for his date to arrive.
He couldn’t help the smirk that came to his face during their conversation, all the way to the point that John made the mistake of calling him an amateur.
She was a terrible guard dog, but she was a great emotional support animal.
“He’ll like that one,” she approved as she settled a plate of the fresh biscuits on the table beside a pot of tea. “Come sit, sit. Have some tea with me.”
His eyes turned to that hated metallic cane leaning against his bed, and he stared at it, daring it to do something. When it refused to get up and start tap dancing or something, he finally grabbed the handle and pushed himself to stand. He glanced at the computer again, and then walked himself to the small kitchen to make a cup of tea.
Sherlock had smiled when John poured the wine and sliced the cake and accepted the wine without a word spoken between them. As the bottle emptied, they moved on to the scotch, which was how they found themselves in front of the fire, the evening slowing down around them and the warmth of each other's presence surrounding them.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but he saw him move in the corner of his eye to put them up, and neither of them said a word about the bag. A moment later Sherlock was pulling down dishes and utensils, then pouring out two glasses of wine from the bottle John had opened to make the risotto. There was a silence about them, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. It was a gentle silence that spoke more of healing than hurting. John felt his shoulders relax, unaware that he had been tensed up in the moments before.
“Of course I’m right,” Sherlock agreed immediately. Then, “About what?”
“There should be plenty to choose from in the kitchen. I’ll be down in a moment.”
John stared at Sherlock.
“Mycroft. He’s horrible, but he has his uses.”
John waited for them as they approached. He saw them talking together, but they weren't yet close enough where he could hear the words. Rosie held Sherlock’s entire attention, and John felt the now familiar tightening in his chest as he watched the two people he loved most in the world together. He had been worried in the beginning, not sure how Sherlock would handle John returning to 221B with a toddler in tow, but it had turned out to be a complete non-issue. Sherlock was absolutely amazing with Rosie right from the beginning. They were completely enamored with each other, and John didn’t even bother to hide the fond smile he felt on his face.
But happiness? Hearing John state so simply and with such ease that he was happy felt more like a punch to the gut than it had any right to. He should feel pleased or some other positive emotion. Instead...he wasn’t sure how he felt. His stomach twisted on itself uncomfortably. Perhaps it was because John had never said that to Sherlock. How was John able to express himself to Alex without hesitancy, but he had never spoken a word of anything in this nature to him?
The shorter man had stopped in the doorway and leaned carefully against the doorframe. Sherlock’s eyes flicked over him in the way he so often tried not to observe his friend. John didn’t necessarily mind his ability to see things, in fact, he often heaped verbal and even physical praise on him when he did, but Sherlock didn’t always like what he saw on his friend. Especially when he had been on one of his many, many dates. What he saw tonight wasn’t a date, though. He had been at the pub, most likely with Lestrade, or perhaps Bill Murray.
“Yes?”
“That’s not what I meant. I didn’t think you were ashamed,” John replied, “I wasn’t even sure if you were gay. We never talked about it,” he continued steadily, but the calm exterior had begun to show cracks.
“Hm?”
“John.”
“I’m sure you do,” Sherlock answered, then hung up and slid the mobile back into his pocket.
“Is that so?”
He loved times like this. Watching and listening to Sherlock play had somehow become a part of his life that he couldn’t imagine not having. It soothed a part of his soul that would always hurt. Chasing after Sherlock had cured his limp. Sherlock’s music settled his mind when it was all too much.
He stared at the laptop on the table across the room and debated the merits of forcing himself to stand up and walk over to it. Walking meant he would have to grab the cane he now needed thanks to a gunshot wound in his shoulder. His therapist said the resulting limp was psychosomatic. He was a doctor. He knew there was no damage in his leg. Knowing that didn’t stop the debilitating pain that occasionally shot through his leg and caused him to limp, though. He couldn’t fix it just by telling himself it was psychosomatic. That wasn’t how it worked.
“Nothing in particular,” he responded easily.
It was all so painfully familiar and strange at the same time. The line of his back, the shape of his arms as he held the violin and manipulated the bow, the way his curls swayed, sweeping along the collar of his dressing gown as proof that they were just a touch longer than before. It was everything he had missed and John’s chest was tight and his stomach twisted in knots.
“Well, you have to ask your father first,” Sherlock reminded her, silver eyes flashing up at John with a wicked glint.
“Oh no you won’t,” John shot back. “I’ll get out when I’m good and ready. You can either wait for me or go ahead and I’ll meet you there.”
“You’re welcome, dear,” she smiled with a pat on his arm. “Joy and I went for a little walk earlier, so she should be good for the night. She’s such a good dog.”
“Thanks for inviting us. I think we needed a break from the city. Some fresh air.”
He was so lost in his thoughts that he missed the sound of footsteps on the stairs again, and nearly jumped in surprise as Sherlock stood before him.
Sherlock was slightly surprised when the first few hits were actually the Alexander Campbell he was searching for. It was mostly places where his name was found in conjunction with the clinic or fundraisers. A couple of hospitals had him listed as being able to perform surgery on their premises. There was nothing that Sherlock saw as being helpful to the case, at least right now, but he read through a couple of different sites.
“Oh God, yes.”
Yes, he had been flirting with him. He was often flirting with him, without even being aware of it. Every look, every shared meal, every cup of tea made.
“You do?” John asked in surprise.
“Small miscalculation,” Sherlock assured him as the man pulled off his safety goggles. “It’ll dissipate in a moment.”
“I mean that I love you, Sherlock. I love you, and I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear. I know that,” but what he knew was cut off as Sherlock suddenly leaned forward and pressed his lips to his in a warm kiss.
“You weren’t answering my texts. I need your help. Lestrade called in a case. At least a seven,” he announced, a gleam in his eyes and John felt his heart rate jump in a way that it hadn’t been a moment ago.
“You can’t without evidence. And I didn’t break-in,” the DI replied easily in the face of his anger.
Sherlock had accepted that. Perhaps he had misread the signs. He knew what sexual attraction looked like, of course, but he misread cues sometimes. Hours before he had misread the Harry on John’s mobile as a brother instead of a sister. It happened. So he let it go, and they went on to become flatmates and friends.
John braced himself on one hand and used his other to grasp Sherlock’s cock and stroked him, his hand matching the quickening pace of John’s thrusts, and Sherlock cried out as the magnitude of his peak washed over him, his vision whiting out as the pleasure of it surged through his veins. He felt John’s hips stutter, and forced his eyes open to watch as John followed close behind him, his eyes tightly closed as his orgasm stole through him with Sherlock’s name on his lips.
Heavy footsteps climbed the stairs as Sherlock waited for the potential client to fully ascend. He stopped halfway up the staircase, both feet paused on a single step, then actually took a step down. Oscillation on the staircase. Love affair? Dull. Sherlock half-hoped the man would continue back down the stairs and leave, but then, he truly was bored, so he might as well listen to whatever this man had to say. Another moment passed before Sherlock heard the barest hint of a sighed exhalation and the man continued his journey up the stairs.
A string of failed dates and a handful of one-night stands stretched behind him, but there was no one on the horizon. He just didn’t particularly care anymore and though he missed the intimacy, both physically and emotionally of being with another person, he couldn’t be bothered to put any effort into any relationship. Not yet, anyway. Maybe one day.
“Well, that did you a lot of good, didn’t it?” Sherlock whispered back, but John wasn’t completely sure he was supposed to hear it.
“Sherlock, you could have asked first.”
“She is, isn’t she?” John agreed.
“Open it up, then.”
He waited a moment, but John didn’t reply back, so he slipped his mobile in his pocket and walked back towards his chair and laptop. It would take John at least 20 minutes before he arrived at Baker Street, and that was assuming the Tube was running on schedule. Grabbing the laptop again he moved to the sofa instead of his chair. He sat in the corner and threw his legs up on the soft leather before he opened the lid and woke the device again. Twenty minutes was more than enough time to do something; to find something relevant to the case.
In the quiet aftermath, John was left to try and work through what just happened. Something didn’t feel right about the way Sherlock had left and he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was in some kind of danger. Years of serving as a soldier and a doctor had given him a bit of a sixth sense on these kinds of things, and he couldn’t ignore it. The computer pinged when it triangulated the location of the woman’s phone and John acted on instinct and took off in pursuit.
“I think you’ve got the wrong,” he started, but then a blur of dark hair and a much lower voice murmured in his ear and he stopped.
John laughed. That wasn’t what he was expecting at all. “First girlfriend? Sixteen. Rebecca Stewart.”
But that wasn’t the end of the story; that the shard was beaten down until it no longer even resembled itself. Instead, something somewhat amazing happened. The rough edges were smoothed, its appearance changed from clear to cloudy. It changed and though it did not look like it did before, it is far more beautiful and precious after the tumult of being broken, discarded, and abused by the sea. From rubbish to treasure in a matter of years.
“Thank you.”
Just then that little blonde firecracker bounced up to him and laid several more dandelions in his lap. John smiled at her delighted face as he tied off the crown he had made and placed it atop her curls. “Here you are, princess.”
He liked this song. He sang the lyrics in his head as the music played on.
He jumped forward through memories and skipped to other relevant ones. Ones where outsiders saw more to their relationship than was there. It never bothered Sherlock when Mrs. Hudson alluded to a more intimate relationship between him and John, or when someone suggested they were together. John, however, always jumped to the defense. “We’re not a couple,” he would deny. “I’m not gay,” he would proclaim from the proverbial rooftop to anyone who suggested that he and Sherlock were more than just friends.
“I think she approves. Joy it is, then.”
Sherlock leaned down, one hand braced against the armchair and the other coming up to cup John’s jaw. Sherlock’s thumb traced under his bottom lip and John gasped at the sensation. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his, watching his every move, and John let his tongue flick out, brushing it against his thumb, the sharp tang of salty skin flooding his mouth, and watched as Sherlock’s eyes went nearly black with desire.
“Oh shush, I took it exactly as far as I needed to. In fact, I’m pretty sure I could do more. Do you think we could do the outside windows?”
He glanced down at the mess on his stomach and sighed, then carefully pulled his pants and trousers back over his hips. He tucked his still sensitive cock into his pants but didn’t bother to zip or button the trousers back on. As he pushed himself to sit and then stand, he felt a brief flicker of guilt over masturbating while he thought of John, but his post-orgasm chemical reactions were still too high for the guilt to last long. Serotonin and dopamine flushed through his brain and he let himself enjoy it.  He’d take a shower and sort through any guilt that remained after. He doubted there would be any. It wasn’t the first time he had climaxed while imagining it was John who brought him to it, and he highly doubted it would be the last.
Sherlock leaned over and pulled the bottle from the dresser beside his bed and handed it to John, then moved his legs to lay down beside him. John moved over him, sitting on his knees between his legs, and tucked a pillow under Sherlock.
We made it! Thank you to everyone who has followed along, read, commented, and kudos along the way. I truly appreciate every comment and kudos more than I can say. I promised a happy ending and I hope you agree that it is. These boys didn't make it easy, but when do they ever?
Before John closed his eyes to sleep, his gaze fell on the boutonnière on the bedside table.
He nodded his thanks, then took a careful sip of his tea.
He is the most beautiful person John has ever seen and John feels like the luckiest man in the world at that moment. They should talk. They need to talk. Before this goes further, they should talk. John needs to know if this is what he hopes it is. The beginning of something more, and not just this once.
John jolted up, his chest heaving, as Joy whined and pushed her head into his body.
“She was expressing a desire to become a mermaid before she found the sea glass. I’m not entirely certain she won’t hurl herself into the waves thinking that she is one.”
“How do you want me?” John kissed along Sherlock’s jaw towards his ear.
“Yeah, but it’s cute.”
Instead, he just stood there and looked through the gates at the darkened lawn and the stones that marked the places where loved ones were buried. The grounds were quiet, he knew, but he was on the wrong side of the gate to experience that momentary peace. So he stood and listened to the sound of cars driving past on the road, the siren of an ambulance, a car alarm that was blaring somewhere in the distance, as his thoughts circled wildly and his fingers grew cold in his gloves.
“Where’s your sense of curiosity?”
“Who?” Sherlock asked though he knew perfectly well who he meant.
“Sherlock, John, always a pleasure,” Angelo proclaims in greeting, shaking both of their hands jovially in turn before he pulls the cork from the wine bottle and pours the lush mahogany liquid into the waiting glasses. “No menus, tonight. I have something special for my favorite couple,” he announces with a wink, then turns to head back into the kitchen.
Daffodils and some other yellow flowers that he didn’t recognize.
God, he felt like a child proudly presenting a crayon drawing to his mother, but he couldn’t make himself feel too ridiculous about feeling that way. Heaven help him, he actually did feel a flush of pride in himself when she cut into the egg and the yolk broke perfectly. He watched her anxiously as she took her first bite and he flushed harder when she proclaimed that it was “Just fantastic, John”. He finally turned his eyes to his own plate and cut into his meal.
“Stimulating how?”
“Sherlock, should we talk about this?” John asked in that same low voice.
While researching for his new client and case, Sherlock accidentally comes across an interesting website.
“Should we take the case then, do you think?”
“I think Mrs. Hudson may be trying to kill me slowly through baked goods. Death by sweets. Almost every day she’s shown up with some new biscuit she’s made or cake she’s baked.”
Lestrade rattled off a location, and Sherlock waited until he left before spinning on the spot, and he can’t help it, he really can’t, so he spun around and did an excited little jump in the air. All that pent up giddiness from before has an outlet, and he was out the door and halfway down the stairs before he realized that he was missing an amazing opportunity.
“Can I keep it?” Rosie asked again.
John looked up at him, mouth tight and eyes red where he was fighting back the emotion that was coursing through him. Sherlock took a step towards him.
There was another pause.
So the next time Sherlock burst through the closed door, mouth running with the speed of a freight train, John was surprised by the abrupt entrance, but not the entrance itself.
“Hmm. You’re thinking about what you want to do. Fantasizing about something.”
Mr. Campbell, or Alexander, or “Alex”, stepped into his peripheral sight closer to John. He spoke quietly to him and Sherlock was unable to make out the words. He was surprised by how close John let Alex get to him without stepping back. Granted, Sherlock himself saw little reason to observe such niceties as personal space, but he knew others did. When Alex laid his hand on John’s shoulder, his thumb gently stroking up and down as he continued to talk, Sherlock felt the unpleasant sensation of his stomach flipping on itself. It was such a simple touch, but this was John, who didn’t do casual touches with anyone. Except for Sherlock, of course. Their daily lives were filled with casual touches of flatmates, friends, coworkers. It was impossible to go through a day without some kind of touch happening between them.
“Oh, I hope it wasn’t awkward for John, the poor dear. It can be quite uncomfortable to run into an ex when you aren’t expecting to. But then, I’m sure he liked being able to show you off, dear, as you are quite a catch.”
“Oh, thank God,” she sighed. “I was so tired of the smell of burnt food.”
“You miscalculated? Are you fucking serious?” John asked incredulously.
John put his hand down and smiled at Sherlock.
“He probably would.”
He rubbed his hands roughly over his face. It didn’t bear thinking about. He wasn’t too late. He had managed to subdue the suspect. He had wanted to put a bullet in him, but somehow he controlled that baser instinct and found a way for them all to leave alive.
She was pretty, he could admit, and rather charming in an aggressive kind of way, and he didn’t completely hate the ten minutes they spent talking. She supplied him without another drink and when John was half-way through it he realized he was hovering rather close to the edge of overindulging in alcohol, more so than he had meant to, given it was a work event.
John opened his mouth to protest, but then closed it and swallowed hard. He gave a small nod.
“John, if you’re quite finished,” he said as he took a step back and turned to create desperately needed space between them. John surrounded him, suffocated all his senses, and he couldn’t think. He needed distance to rally his thoughts and emotions.
This chapter is significantly longer than the others, but I hope you all don't mind. Think of it as a two-hour-long special finale!
“Did you and Alex enjoy lunch?” Sherlock forced himself to ask and was grateful his voice sounded as it always did.
“I can’t just drive you nowhere, mister,” the cabbie argued.
“Pinky swear,” Sherlock intoned with all the gravity the situation warranted.
“Sentiment,” Sherlock finished for him. “Yes, I know.”
Greg nodded slowly, clearly not accepting the lie, but not willing to push it either.
A year since his life had been flipped on its head and he had been cast adrift on the shattered remains of whatever was left. Which, admittedly, had not been much.
“It looks so sad with just the fairy lights, John. It needs more color.”
Mrs. Hudson did not, in fact, murder John or the dog when she had ventured up the stairs to 221B the morning after John found her. He had washed off the mud as well as he could, which wasn’t very considering the size of the tub and the lack of dog shampoo, but she was cleaner than she had been. The tawny shade of her fur was at least separate from the brown patches that wrapped around her eyes and down her face. He had wrapped her leg in an attempt to help alleviate the pain she was experiencing, then he had gone to sleep on the couch because he didn’t want to leave her alone in a strange place. She had curled up on the floor near his head and that was where Mrs. Hudson found them.
“Good morning, Mrs. Hudson. I was wondering if you might be able to help me learn how to cook.”
John sent a heatless glare at Sherlock, who was visibly biting back a grin at the scene playing out before he turned back to Rosie. “If you and Sherlock eat all your dinner, then yes, we can go get ice cream after.”
Sherlock carefully kept his eyes averted from John as they made their way down the corridor and then down the stairs. There would be no apology, and John shook his head to rid himself of any remaining anger (and arousal) in his system.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Seriously, Sherlock. This is the third time in two weeks you’ve run off without me,” John said, but then shook his head. “I mean, run off without backup. I’m worried you’re going to get yourself hurt beyond what a few stitches can heal.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I put some on before we left.”
“I’ll need a bit more time before I can go again,” Sherlock said and John felt a smile twist his lips.
“Sherlock.”
A warm presence appeared near his head. Strong, competent fingers touched his hands where they clutched his curls. Stoked the long fingers until they started to release their stronghold. Gentle fingers wiped at the remnants of tears, collecting and smearing them away. They went back to his fingers, coaxing them to further relax, and carefully pulling them away from his hair.
He took a deep breath when he got to the sidewalk, and after a quick inventory of where he was, began walking in the direction toward the Colosseum. He had seen it in the background, looming large over the city, when he had made his way from the metro. It was one of the reasons he had picked this flat. It was within walking distance, and that was ideal. The sound of his cane tapping against the concrete sidewalk served as a reminder that he didn’t like having to walk too far.
What on earth just happened? Just who was this man?
“I’m sure you can find a clinic close to here. Not to mention that if you’re here, we could potentially take on more private cases and that would be a source of income for you if you can’t find something right away,” Sherlock reasoned, and John nodded.
Thank you so much for reading along so far. One chapter to go! 💜
John had come home that evening with a bottle of Sherlock’s favorite wine and the most decadent chocolate cake he could find at the local bakery. He hadn’t had anything put on it, no words or candles, but it was Valentine’s Day, and the least they could do to celebrate was drink and eat cake. It wasn’t as if John had anyone else to celebrate it with, and if he was honest, no one else he would want to celebrate with anyway.
“That’s not how that works,” John giggled as he took a sip from his glass.
“Not at all, he’s just running late,” John says, still trying to bite back the smile on his face.
In the taxi, John kept throwing him sideways glances until he finally rolled his eyes and turned to look at him.
“You are, you know,” Sherlock’s deep baritone suddenly said, and John jerked in surprise at his voice.
Sherlock plucked her from the air mid-jump and pulled her down into the bed between them and into the covers, causing her to squeal in delight, and there was no hope of her going back to sleep.
Sherlock gently used his hands to tilt John’s face up as he leaned down to meet his mouth with his own, just a careful press of lips together, tender and tame.
“Yes. Mycroft and I used to go visit her over the summer holiday when we were young. Three weeks of no rules and the run of the entire estate,” Sherlock answered. “She kept beehives on the property. I used to sit and watch them for hours as they worked collecting nectar from the flowers in the garden and then returning to the hives. They’re fascinating creatures, bees.”
“I needed to bring him in for questioning,” Sherlock replied easily.
The feeling followed him onto the platform and disappeared as he boarded his train, but was back as soon as he made it out of the Underground and onto Baker Street.
“Was he, then?” Sherlock asks, and it’s somewhat softer than his voice usually is.
“It’s nothing,” he stated and silently begged him to not ask, not now. There would be time for that later.
Rebirth? Returning? Was it just a coincidence that those flowers were chosen? Did they mean something or nothing?
“I’m not trying to make you fall, I’m just trying to get to Right Hand Blue,” Sherlock snarked as he finally finished turning his body, released John’s ankle, and reached an arm between John’s legs for the empty blue circle.
“I did.”
Sherlock blinked. Three years? He had deduced John’s relationship with Alex had been serious, of course, but he hadn’t realized just how long it had lasted. He trudged on.
They were still John and Sherlock. That hadn’t changed. It never would.
John shook his head with a wry smile, but let it slide as he watched his daughter eagerly accept her extremely milky tea. Rosie wrinkled her nose slightly at the taste, but when she looked up at all the adults watching her, she sat up straight, and nodded importantly.
“John, I-,” Sherlock began, but John cut him off.
The rough voice of the singer came back, reiterating the chorus of the song, and John’s voice once again joined his. John had a surprisingly lovely singing voice and Sherlock closed his eyes as he concentrated on memorizing the sound of his sure tenor as he sang along. Whatever this moment was, Sherlock was committing it all to his mind palace. He wasn’t sure what John’s intentions were, but he knew that he would revisit this moment for the rest of his life as one of his favorite memories.
John could now hear Sherlock’s voice coming down the stairs, the sound rising and falling in a simple melody. He couldn’t help the small smile that rose to his lips. This was his favorite part of Rosie’s naptime when Sherlock took point. Rosie always wanted Sherlock to sing her to sleep, and Sherlock always did. John wasn’t always there to hear it, though, as Sherlock often handled nap time while John was on his shift at the clinic. Sherlock often preferred to keep her at the flat when he wasn’t working a case rather than send her to daycare, and John didn’t have the heart to argue that she should be there. So he made as little noise as possible while he finished preparing the cups of tea in order to hear what he could.
John held his ankle loosely in his hand, running his thumb over the bone, and Sherlock felt his body completely relax. John turned to him with a smile. Sherlock smiled back.
First, I'm sorry this is so late!
, John, really?” he scoffed, and John simply threw a blanket at him. Sherlock tucked it over his legs and under his feet that he had pulled up onto the sofa.
“Fair enough,” he agreed.
“As ever, I’m concerned about you.”
The news had been growing more concerning every day, but John wasn’t particularly worried yet. The clinic he worked at had started discussing protocols and ordering surplus supplies. So far, it all seemed practical and he agreed with what was being done.
“I didn’t expect to get everything right,” he said.
“John, you’re a genius!” Sherlock declared and took off out of the loo without another word.
“Come on, John, why not?” he asked. He had recently decided to switch to a more direct approach to try to understand why John wouldn’t move in.
John looked away from him and toward the fire that warmed the sitting room. The occasional pop and crackle of the logs as they shifted or hit pockets of water in the wood served as background noise to their conversation.
John sighed. “First kiss was Declan Jacobs.”
They spoke for a few more minutes before John leaned against him, his head on his shoulder. He turned his head to breathe in the scent of John, so familiar for something that he didn’t get to completely immerse himself in as often as he would like, and smiled against the silver and gold strands.
“Yes, of course. Thank you for dinner,” he replied politely. Politely. Just another way John had subtly burrowed into Sherlock’s brain. He didn’t care about being polite, but John did, and Sherlock cared about John. It was a vicious cycle.
He quickly fired off a text and a moment later heard the shower turn off. His fingers tapped a staccato rhythm against the screen as he waited for a reply to his text. He heard the sound of the loo door being opened, and then the sound of John’s footsteps as he climbed up the stairs. Sherlock’s foot joined in on the physical displays of anxiety as he waited for his text to be answered. After a moment he swiped his phone open again and stared at the text he sent, then closed it and opened up a tab on his internet browser.
What he really needed was to get out. Of this mindset, of this bedsit, of this city. He was drowning here as surely as if he were fifty meters under the waves.
“A taxi? The murderer is in a taxi?” John began to turn to look out the window when Sherlock settled a hand on his arm.
“Sure. That makes complete sense.”
“It’s fine, Alex. Doesn’t make much of a difference now,” John said, and there was something in his voice that Sherlock couldn’t quite place. He wished he could see his face in order to read him better. Relying simply on his speech patterns wasn’t enough when it came to John. The man revealed so much more with his eyes than his words ever did.
John shrugged off his coat and turned to hang it by the door. He toed off his shoes and turned back to make his way into the kitchen for a cup of tea, and nearly stepped right into Sherlock who had apparently unglued himself from the couch and decided that standing right behind John was a good place to be.
He would accept his miracle and be grateful for that second chance at the most fulfilling friendship he had ever had.
“That’s alright. The wings will dry soon enough and it can fly off.”
“How do you know that?” John heard himself ask, but he had a feeling he knew the answer.
When he was done, he turned to his friend, who swiftly stood and grabbed one of the boxes that held John’s life in it. “I’ll take this down and grab a taxi for us.”
“What? You’ve watched Christmas porn?”
John looked away from his gaze and Sherlock waved off the DI, insisted he was in shock and didn’t know what he was talking about, though he was fairly sure the DI didn’t exactly buy any of what he was saying. It didn’t matter. He needed to talk to John, now, and confirm what he saw in the unassuming man.
“Why?” Sherlock asked quickly, ignoring the fact that he felt somewhat insulted by the conversation they were having based on his lie.
“We?” Sherlock asked as his brows arched up.
He uncrossed his legs and rose gracefully from his chair. Stuck his hands in his trouser pockets because he wasn’t sure what else to do with them.
“Just that she reminds me a lot of you. She’s curious, always wants to know the answers to every question she can think of. She’s impulsive, quick, always jumping from one thing to another.”
John seemed to accept his answers, though and finished his tea.
Sherlock did as John requested and John watched him as the other man grabbed a pillow and rested his arms and head on it, his arse in the air and presented without shame for him. God, he was beautiful. John simply stared for several moments before Sherlock turned his head to look back at him, a smile on his face and a brow quirked.
He was going to burn to ash under John’s lips, his tongue, the calloused hands of the doctor and soldier that caressed over his bare skin, and he welcomed it with open arms and breathy sighs and didn’t bother to quiet his pleasure because it was John. John touched and played him the way he played his violin, coaxing sounds from him that he didn’t know he was capable of making.
Thanks to an early end to his shift, it was still light outside when he finished his shopping, and he decided to walk for a bit before heading back home. The shop was actually rather close to the cemetery where Sherlock was laid to rest, and since he was close anyway, he decided to make his way there.
“It’s official. It was voted best in the country in the local newspaper.”
He looked back down at his list, the fingers of his left hand tapping a rhythm against the tabletop, as he debated adding another name to the list. He grabbed his mug and gulped down the lukewarm tea, unconsciously pulling a face at the temperature, before he put it down and grabbed his pen again.
Still, they had been able to move on. He had slowly earned John’s trust again, and while they weren’t completely at their old level of camaraderie, they were close to getting there.
“Why didn’t you call me? Or wait for me?” John asked him, frowning in concentration and clear disapproval of Sherlock’s choices regarding apprehending suspects.
John looked away from him and gave a nonchalant nod. “Right, so you’re unattached, like me. Good.”
“Harry’s short for Harriet,” John revealed and Sherlock stopped short.
Rage was rippling under his skin like a thing alive as his eyes took in the sight Mycroft Holmes. He looked the same as when he last saw him two years ago as he raged at him for selling his brother out to a madman. As soulless and uncompromising as ever in a three-piece suit and shiny black shoes.
“Indeed it is,” Sherlock cut his eyes to John, amusement clear in them.
The cold air hit his face and he turned down the pavement without a thought in his head beyond getting as far away as he could.
He had once been used to the feeling of Sherlock’s clever eyes on him, always watching and observing and making conclusions. He had forgotten, but now, he remembered.
“I believe you have to eat all of yours as well, Miss Rosie.”
What a miracle John Watson was.
Sherlock took the phone and fired off a quick text. The flash of a flesh-toned patch on his skin caught John’s attention.
“I have this fantasy,” John began, voice soft and slow in the darkness that has settled around them, “where we wake up like this every day. We have breakfast together before going to the clinic or going on cases, and in the evenings when we go to sleep, it’s in the same bed. Like this.”
There was a perfect yellow circle caught in his dark curls. Sherlock must have missed it when he went to clean them from his hair before he put Rosie down for her nap. It was completely charming, and John couldn’t help the soft chuckle that bubbled up. Sherlock turned back to him, a prim eyebrow reaching towards his hairline.
“Pardon me, but you have such a beautiful family,” she gushed, “I just had to say something.”
“You can’t just break into my flat,” he growled in annoyance as he strode right up to Lestrade.
“No,” John said and Sherlock arched a brow.
He pushed himself to sit and glanced into the kitchen where he saw the bags of takeaway scattered over the table, but no sign of John. Once he pulled the plate over he saw that the food was still warm, so John was either in his room again or had gone back out. He listened for a moment for any movement anywhere in the flat and decided that he was out.
“Goodnight,” he called. He heard the door close as he filled the kettle for tea.
Sherlock bent his head, the water from the shower breaking down over his dark hair, and pressed their mouths together.
Sherlock smirked as he closed the book. “Hardly. Was just passing the time.”
Sherlock turned away and made his way quickly back down the stairs, grabbed his coat, and practically flew out onto the pavement. He didn’t realize he had let the door slam close behind him until he was two blocks away.
He licked another broad stoke over him before focusing his attention on Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock tasted of salt and musk and John felt his cock twitch and leak as he tightened his tongue and circled Sherlock’s rim. He licked and sucked and prodded his tongue, feeling the muscle twitch and loosen under the assault while Sherlock practically mewled into his pillow.
“Perhaps not, but waiting that 35 minutes for you to get here after a case is called in is 35 minutes too long. I need to get on the scenes before Anderson arrives and messes everything up. You know this.”
He watched the flames for a while, the play of shadow and light as the wood caught and burned, the logs shifting and dancing as they were consumed and turned to ash. His fingers had crept into his hair without his knowing, pulling and tugging at his curls as his eyes fell closed. The red light of the flames still danced behind his closed eyelids, but he no longer saw them.
“I do have things to do today, so if you’d like to start,” he opened and the man snapped his eyes back to him and cleared his throat.
“Sherlock, have you never told him?” Her voice was quiet, careful.
“She always wants you to read
“What are you doing?”
John sat back as the car started and pulled out of the abandoned area and back into the traffic of London. His hand tapped absently against his cane as his mind went over everything that had happened. This day felt more like something he had seen while watching a television drama than real life. A chance meeting with an old friend that led to a potential flatmate in central London when he could barely afford the abysmal bedsit he was in seemed too good to be true. Then it turned out the man was a veritable genius, clever and endearing in surprising ways, but then he was whisked off to a murder scene and left behind. And then, then, of all things, he was essentially kidnapped by some egotistical prat with a brolly who had stolen his therapist’s notes about him in an effort to get him to spy on his potential new flatmate.
“I still don’t understand why you wouldn’t date men, then. Did you not want a relationship?” he asked as he watched John attentively.
His phone pinged before he put it down on the table.
“She didn’t have a collar, you said.”
John leaned back in his chair, letting his feet slip a bit on the rug, closer to Sherlock’s, but not touching. He took a sip of his scotch, letting the drink sit on his tongue to savour the smoky taste, before swallowing it down and feeling the burn travel down his throat and settle warm in his belly.
“You should learn how to knock,” he griped, but then turned back to face the mirror.
“You know, if you just lived here, you would have been with me and this most likely wouldn’t have happened,” Sherlock informed him with an arched brow- the one that wasn’t currently numb- and John narrowed his eyes at him.
He reached down and waited to see if the dog would disagree with his actions before carefully lifting her.
“Yes, I heard all about your concern,” he replied, eyes glancing briefly towards John.
“Maybe not officially, dear, but I’m not blind. You two were good together. What you two got up to in your rooms is none of my business, live and let live, but you loved him.”
“Obviously. This wrapping paper is…”
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied, then fell silent. John watched him for a moment, then went to the fridge to find salad dressing.
Once the tea was finished, he picked up the mug and took it with him into the living room. He placed it on the table before he turned to light a fire in the fireplace. Another predictable, methodical act that required no thought as he performed the accustomed motions. With the fire lit, he turned and climbed into his chair. Pulling his feet up,  his arms hugging his legs as he rested his chin on his knees, he stared into the fire, the tea already forgotten.
As it turned out, returning from the dead did earn a man a free meal, which John found more amusing than he probably should have. Angelo had stared for 30 seconds at the two men as they sat in the window seat they had so often occupied before, then exclaimed so loudly that the boy cleaning tables near him dropped the glasses he had just lifted from the table and they shattered on the floor.
“Fine, let’s pick something else, then. I don’t want to watch the news anymore on Christmas Eve. What about this one?”
After a moment he pulled back and grabbed Sherlock’s shampoo from its spot in their shower and squeezed some into his palm. He reached up and pushed his fingers through Sherlock’s wet hair. The earthy scent of rosemary and thyme from the expensive shampoo permeated the steamy air while John worked it into a lather. Sherlock closed his eyes while John massaged his fingers through his hair and the taller man practically purred when he scraped his nails against his scalp. His cock gave an interested twitch at the sound, and he huffed out a breath at himself. He carefully led Sherlock back until he could rinse the shampoo from his hair. He grabbed Sherlock’s soap next and his loofah from the bottom of the shower. He scrubbed Sherlock clean, the rich sandalwood scent joining in with the herbal medley from his shampoo, and John couldn’t help the smile that rose to his lips as he breathed in the scent. It was the scent of Sherlock that he caught when the man turned with a dramatic swirl of his coat from a crime scene, when he was lounging on the sofa in a snit over something, or when he was sitting quietly at the kitchen table in front of his microscope and John subtly breathed him in as he passed him to get to the kettle.
“Joy,” John offered and Sherlock nodded, clearly already aware of her name.
“In my mind palace.”
“Why?” he asked again.
John stood up, and Sherlock grabbed John’s coat from the back of his chair and practically threw it at him as he ran out of the door and John was forced to run out after him to catch up, with the new nurse left sitting at the table by herself.
“It’s blue!” she exclaimed, her hand moving too fast for John’s eyes to actually see what she held.
Another quick look over John confirmed he wasn’t wearing any of his usual date clothing, but he was dressed for going out. Oh, it was Thursday, wasn’t it? John had a standing pub night with a few of his old army friends on Thursdays. He must have made plans for dinner sometime later this week, then. That would make sense.
John pulled back and opened his eyes. He didn’t let go of Sherlock. Not yet. He let his fingers catch in the dark curls at the back of Sherlock’s head. They were so much softer than he imagined.
He pulled the shades on the windows closed, blocking out the early evening light. Crossing over to his bed, he laid down on the floor beside it, then threw his legs up into the air, letting his calves bounce against the edge of the mattress as he stared up at the ceiling.
John frowned at his own melancholy thoughts and forced himself to give a small laugh as he crossed over and put down the tray on the table.
“Bless you,” John responded automatically, then he frowned. “Go get out of those wet clothes, Sherlock. Take a hot bath. I’ll make some tea.”
When John was dressed in the provided suit, they made their way into the room, and immediately things started coming together for him. He crossed over to the body, pulling on latex gloves, and he was already taking in the details that he knew that idiot Anderson had missed. He noticed in his periphery that John was standing rather awkwardly, leaning on his cane, while he watched him.
“See something you like?”
John sat up a bit to look at Sherlock more fully, a grin pulling at his lips. “Did you just point out something in the solar system?”
“Excuse me?” Sherlock asked, affronted.
He hated the way the ponce spoke in fucking riddles. Why couldn’t he just be straightforward and say whatever it was he seemed to expect from John so John could tell him to fuck off without any inconvenient curiosity because there was no fucking way he was doing anything for Mycroft Holmes.
“You’re a doctor,” he stated as soon as his eyes landed on John.
“You’re right. You don’t spoil her. I was mistaken.”
“I’m bored.”
John wasn’t sure why he didn’t just start locking the door when he was in the shower. Perhaps there was some small unconscious part of him that didn’t mind Sherlock standing in the small room with him, his shampoo and soap scenting the steam that circulated them, with the full knowledge that it was only a flimsy shower curtain that separated them.
Almost, anyway.
“Oh God, yes,” the doctor said, and Sherlock did smile then.
“It’s some of the footage from the video Sherlock made for your birthday. Parts that didn’t make the cut. Bit funnier, I thought.”
“Wait, what?”
He turned back to his dinner and was just stirring in the rice when Mrs. Hudson returned with the last of the dishes.
“The best daddy. You’re a good father, John,” he said simply. John turned to look at his friend, who was still laid out with his eyes closed. John huffed and tossed a few dandelions at him. One bounced off his cheek, but two more lodged in his hair and John couldn’t help the smile it brought to his face. Sherlock didn’t so much as flinch as the flowers rained down on him.
“No.”
They were a week in now, and while things weren’t bad at work, they were starting to get a little rough at home. Sherlock was getting bored. Honestly, John was impressed he had made it this long without any serious issues. He was nervous as he made his way down Baker Street, but as he approached the familiar door, he could just hear the soft sounds of the violin through the window. He glanced up, and sure enough, he could just make out Sherlock’s silhouette behind the thin curtain that covered the window he usually played in front of. He watched his friend for a moment, the gentle sway of his body and the long pushes and pulls of the bow across the strings of his violin. He appeared to actually be playing something versus just abusing the instrument and any ears available to hear it. He turned back to the door and made his way up the stairs and to their flat. He walked in, watched the long line of his friends back for another moment, before heading to his room and getting supplies for a quick shower. It was allergy season on top of everything else, and he had been sneezed on by one too many patients to just not shower before getting ready for an evening in.
When she was done, John pulled off his shirt and started applying the sunblock to his own skin. While he tended to go more gold than burn, he didn’t want to take any chances. He was reaching awkwardly around his back when Sherlock huffed and grabbed the bottle from the ground and stood behind him.
“For one thing, you’re sweating and your hair is a mess from running,” he informed him, and Sherlock’s free hand flew up subconsciously to his hair, fluffing it out, which did nothing for the disarray. Not that that detracted from the overall effect.
“So, you going to tell me how you solved Alex’s case?” John asked conversationally.
Sherlock was staring at him and he wasn’t sure what to say. What to do. He realized in a distant way that he was feeling overwhelmed by everything, but he continued to stand there and watch Sherlock watching him.
He needed John to be his flatmate. He sat in that chair one time, two months ago, and Sherlock had  filed it away as “John’s chair”. If John wasn’t there, then whose chair was it?
As they sat in the taxi on the way to John’s bedsit to pack up his possessions, Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that kept rising to his face unbidden Finally, finally, John had said ‘yes’, and he would be moving in. Months of trying to prove to John that it would be better for them to just live together. For the Work, yes, but also because he just wanted John with him. All the time.
“Why does he need to stay inside? He would likely still be working, don’t you think?”
John’s hand came up to cup his jaw, a thumb running over his freshly shaved cheek, then leaned in and pressed a warm, chaste kiss to his lips.
The deep chuckle that responds to his giggle gently shakes the bed and John suddenly knows that this is exactly where he was supposed to be, and where Sherlock wants to be, and he’s lying in bed after the best orgasm of his life beside his best friend and he doesn’t think he’s ever been happier in his life. His heart is full and his body satiated.
John choked out a cough, desperately waving the kitchen towel at the writhing mass of tendrils that stunk of burnt brussel sprouts and garlic. He took some small comfort in the fact that Sherlock’s experiments had tended to smell far worse, but it wasn’t much. Once he got the pan out of the oven, he tossed the whole mess in the sink, then crossed the flat to throw open the windows and breathe in the fresh(er) air of London.
John eventually turned to look at him as the silence stretched between them. There were a million things that Sherlock wanted to say then, to confess, but he couldn’t make any sound come from his throat. He simply watched John, saw the way his eyes widened in a moment of panic at the silence.
“Sherlock!” came Molly’s surprised, but pleased voice as he swung the door open and made his way inside the lab adjacent to the morgue. She was in front of a microscope, but she held a coffee cup in her hand and was clearly not actively working at the moment. Must have been on her break.
“Is Sherlock going to read to you now?” he asked, and Rosie nodded.
“Even if it is just decaying fish,” John said with a grin and Sherlock laughed.
Sherlock’s breaths were coming quicker and John knew he was close. He reached down between them and grasped Sherlock’s cock with his still slick hand, and watched completely mesmerized as Sherlock fucked himself into John’s fist and on John’s cock.
“Really?” he asked, amusement and affection clear in his voice.
His gaze swept over the flat as he stepped into the living room, but he didn’t see his flatmate. He could just hear the sound of running water under the strum of a guitar coming from the portable speaker that was set up in their kitchen. He pulled off his coat and scarf and hung them up on their peg by the door. Then he toed off his shoes and left them at the side of the door as well. He crossed the living room in his socked feet and rounded into the kitchen to the sight of John Watson standing in front of the sink, washing dirty dishes.
Sherlock’s thighs shook as John took him in again, all the way in, and when he swallowed around him, he let out a soft cry. John lost himself in the feel of Sherlock on his tongue, the taste of him in his mouth. His own arousal was secondary as he focused on Sherlock, on giving him the pleasure he sought, on being allowed to give that pleasure. He was so lost in the feeling that it took a sharp tug of his hair before he realized Sherlock had been speaking to him. When he pulled off, Sherlock practically yanked him to his feet before leaning down and pushing his tongue into John’s mouth in a messy kiss.
The ellipses popped up as soon as he hit send. John must have had his phone open while he waited for his response.
“Learn anything new about gardening?” John asked quickly before sitting down on one of the armchairs across from the sofa.
John hummed in reply.
Of course, he still ordered takeaway. There were some things that just tasted better as takeaway and he was sure that he would never change his mind on that. Yes, he was fairly certain he could make a decent General Tsos if he wanted to, but why go through the trouble when there was a perfectly fine Chinese restaurant a couple blocks away? It simply didn’t make sense to stop ordering delicious food because he could make it himself now.
Sherlock stepped closer to him, eyes narrowed, and John glanced down. Oh, God.
When he found himself sitting at a small table in an Italian restaurant eating an admittedly delicious carbonara across from Sherlock, who ate nothing, he tried to figure out what exactly had happened. It was as if he had no control over what was going on in his life right now. Sherlock was leading him along, and John happily followed in spite of himself. Even if he didn’t move into the flat, which he wouldn’t be, he reminded himself strongly, he was intrigued by this man and wanted to know more about him. He had been keeping up a steady dialogue while he ate and Sherlock watched out the window.
Every single bloom declared a message and John closed his eyes to them. He had to. He took a deep breath, lungs filling with oxygen and the scent of the roses that he was closest to, and let it out slowly.
“...was amazing.”
John turned back to his date, apologizing as he pulled out his phone. There were no missed texts, which was, quite frankly, an anomaly. There were always missed texts when he was on a date. John may not be the genius that Sherlock Holmes is, but he’s pretty damn smart and can figure out patterned behavior. Sherlock always managed to text when he knew John was out. Even when John made sure to not specify it was a date. Sherlock always knew.
What a waste. He had had such high hopes that this would have been a suitable distraction, but it was just another disappointment. He turned away and made his way out of the flat without another word for the DI or any of the other idiots that were shuffling around the scene of the not-a-crime.
“You don’t know?” John teased.
The sight of him standing there made John very aware that he was only in pants and a shirt, but he tried to remind himself that Sherlock had walked in on him completely nude more than once over the years, so this wasn’t any worse than that. Granted, he’d never walked in on him nude after snogging him and declaring he loved him.
. Her and McGonagall were probably best friends.
Sherlock pulled down plates as Mrs. Hudson poured tea for everyone.
“I know.”
“John, did you put that there?”
“No, I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s come over me. Probably just tired.” Sherlock tried to laugh at himself, but it came out far closer to a sob than a laugh and by the look on John’s face he wasn’t buying anything Sherlock was selling anyway.
Nine months ago, he would never have expected Sherlock Holmes.
“I found it in the purple flowers. Can I keep it?”
Actually, the more he thought about it, the more he realized something about the smell reminded him of Sherlock.
He shook his head. John knew that nothing he said right now would make a difference to him, so he didn’t even bother explaining that three patches was a horrible decision. Besides, he had other things he needed to say right now.
“What do you want, Mycroft?” he asked, not even bothering to roll his eyes.
“Pish. I had made too much on accident and figured you could use a good meal,” his landlady replied and John shook his head with a disbelieving snort. No one in the world accidentally overcooked more than Martha Hudson, if one was to ever believe that excuse.
transitioned smoothly into John Legend’s
Their relationship had probably been a strange thing to behold to everyone else in the world, but there was no denying the chemistry between them. John had taken an instant liking to him, something that he hadn’t done since he had first met James Sholto in the Army. Honestly, it was something he never imagined would happen again. But Sherlock changed everything, hadn’t he?
“John, I need you to hurry up. Lestrade just called with a case. Triple homicide in an abandoned warehouse. No obvious connection between any of the victims. At least, none that they can find,” Sherlock ran off, and John felt the smile that rose on his face at the obvious disdain for NSY’s finest in his tone. He made no reply, though, as he continued to wash his body.
“What do you think you’re doing?” John asked when he found Sherlock in the large bed after his shower. He hadn’t bothered to put on pants and stood naked beside the bed already half-hard.
John stepped closer and kissed him. He placed a knee on the mattress between his legs, and Sherlock scooted back to make room for him as they both climbed further onto the bed. It was awkward while kissing, but neither of them seemed to care. When Sherlock was at the top of the bed, he leaned back and rested his head on a pillow, John’s arms braced around him as he hovered over him. Sherlock’s hands went to his hips and he pulled him down against him, and both gasped in pleasure at the sudden contact between them.
John started his new job at the new clinic almost seven weeks after Sherlock fell. He woke nearly two hours early every day to make sure he had plenty of time to get to work on time.
“How do you mean?”
It was one of the pieces Rosie and Sherlock had collected during their visit to the beach that morning. His thumb ran over the cloudy surface in small, unconscious circles while he listened to the sounds of Sherlock putting Rosie to bed. The familiar pattern of requests for tucks and kisses and a song drifted down the stairs. After a few moments, he heard the gentle tune of
“It’s one of the least offensive traits she could pick up from me,” he replied and John barked out a laugh.
Sherlock watched him for a moment before he went to take a shower. He closed the loo door and let his sheet fall to the floor as he turned on the tap and waited for the water to get hot. The unexpected presence of John at his door had shaken whatever unpleasant thoughts had remained from his not-quite-a-nightmare, and now all he could think of was the diminutive doctor. When he stepped under the spray and let the water sluice through his hair and down his back his mind drifted to the look on John’s face and his clear signs of arousal when he saw him in his sheet. The moment John realized he was naked beneath the white cotton. He wasn’t exactly surprised when his cock stirred at the memory, but there wasn’t time for that. Whether he liked it or not he actually had a case to be getting on with, and his thoughts shifted to Alexander Campbell as he washed his hair and body. Unfortunately, the introduction of Alex to his thoughts just collided with thoughts of John and his already overstimulated mind began to toss up visions of the two of them together, embracing each other in the throes of passion like some damnable characters of Eastenders and he let out a frustrated groan, grateful that John was already gone. The images had at least killed his arousal and he chose to ignore that it also left him feeling like his throat was closing up. He jerked the tap off quickly and stepped out of the shower, wrenched a clean towel off a small shelf and methodically dried off every inch of water from his hair and skin.
Rosie eyed him warily, small lips puckered out in a thoughtful pout. “Pinky swear?” she asked, sticking her whole hand out in offering.
“Well, thank you. For getting all of this. I guess she will be staying here, for now at least. Are you sure it’s ok if she stays? I can find somewhere else for her to go.”
He wondered who left them. Who needed forgiveness.
It kind of figured that his dog would get attached to Sherlock as quickly as she did. There was something about the man that just engendered instant loyalty, though John was aware that he was somewhat singular in that when it came to Sherlock. Yes, he was a difficult man. John would never disagree on that. But he was a good man, even though he often made a conscious effort to ensure no one ever saw that side. John saw it, though. Even now, on the opposite side of one of the most hurtful and painful experiences he’d ever gone through; he saw that Sherlock was a good man.
A shrug. And a grin before Sherlock bit into his wrap. John watched him for a moment before turning to his own lunch.
Except he didn’t die. He was alive, sitting in 221B, and who honestly knew what he was thinking or feeling now.
“Shh, I’ve got you,” John’s voice soothed him as his free hand traced up Sherlock’s side while his other hand opened the bottle and coated his cock with more lubricant. John settled again between his legs and stared down at him as he aligned himself. “Do you still want this? We can stop,” John offered, chivalrously and completely unnecessarily.
“Really? Thirty-eight percent?” John questioned bemusedly.
He wasn’t entirely sure what Mrs. Hudson was capable of if he didn’t get to work on the tree and he wasn’t keen on finding out, either. The woman was formidable, and when possible, he preferred to stay on her good side. He had ignored her gentle pushes for as long as he could and he wasn’t interested in seeing just how hard she could shove if he didn’t comply sooner rather than later.
“Did you mean what you said? That you love me?”
Well, that just sealed that it was Sherlock. Even in a text, the man commanded a presence and a certainty that his demands would be met. John sighed. In this instance, it actually would be. He wanted to tell Sherlock about this man who’s trying to pay people to spy on him, then he was going to tell him in no uncertain terms that he would not be taking the flat, and he would go back to his bedsit and figure out his life later.
As John held Sherlock in his arms, he couldn’t help but think that they were both rather like sea glass themselves. They had both been broken and beaten down by the world around them, discarded by others, ignored or pitied, and their jagged edges lashed out in an attempt to keep others away, to protect themselves from those around them. They found each other through happenstance and their edges began to smooth out as they worked their lives around each other, and then they were thrown further into the waves as Moriarty, Sherlock’s fall, John’s own anger, and Mary’s bullet raged against them. They went through hell and came back out again. They looked different, now. Smoother edges. Easier smiles. Open expressions of love and admiration in their eyes.
“What?” Sherlock asked.
The detective returned his smile shyly and John wondered at it a moment before he felt Sherlock’s large hand curl over his own as it rested on his thigh. John looked down at their hands, his heart thudding hard in his chest before he looked back up at Sherlock. Sherlock was watching him and he had a strangely uncertain and hesitant expression on his face that John had never seen before.
“Sherlock, no. I’m on a date,” he whispered furiously, eyes glancing towards his date who was watching the two men with round eyes.
The only potential drawback was the shared bathroom, but he decided to be optimistic about the situation. Maybe the other room wasn’t let. Or, if it was, that person was a quiet recluse who just wanted to enjoy the holiday. He double-checked that the door to his room locked, and satisfied that it did, he brushed off any other concerns. The room had a small lockbox for anything truly valuable, and while a person could theoretically just pick it up and walk off if they wanted, he decided that they most likely wouldn’t bother.
“Good morning, John. Can I help you, dear?”
Unable to get a read on what was going on that he was satisfied with, he turned to go to the kitchen and return to his microscope. Of course, nothing on the microscope actually held his attention like the proceedings that took place in the living room.
Thank you all for reading! 💖
“Do you think that Christmas trees are the best part of Christmas? Because I do. Especially when they’re all nicely decorated with their lights and ribbons and ornaments.”
John had glanced at Sherlock once during the endless chatter and after nearly biting through his lip to keep from laughing at the expression on his friend’s face, he rolled the window down and watched as they drove past homes and eventually entered the town proper.
Joy walked contently ahead of him and he let her lead the way with a few detours when she caught the scent of something interesting and wanted to investigate. He was fine with following her for a while and she was happy to find different things to explore. They walked for nearly 40 minutes before John thought they should start heading back. The weather was still fine, but it was London, and he didn’t fancy having to walk back in sudden rain.
The case? What case? Oh, the case that Alex brought to him. For him to solve. What did he need to solve? It wasn’t the case of John Watson and Alexander Campbell and what and who Alex was or is to John.
He let his gaze sweep over the small room, then strode to the desk chair and settled into it. John watched him and when he leaned back and tossed one long leg carelessly over the other, John rolled his eyes and started to pull out his clothes and other possessions, and tossed them on the bed.
His breathing quickened and his cock demanded attention after a minute, and he let his right-hand trail down his chest and abdomen before he got to his waistband, where he quickly flicked the button and pulled down the zipper to ease the pressure. He reached his hand into his pants and grasped himself with a bitten off groan. The twin sensation of his cock in his hand and his nipple being pinched between his fingers sent shooting spikes of pleasure through his body and he knew he wouldn’t last long. He released his cock and nipple and quickly pushed his trousers and pants down past his hips. Once his cock was free of all its constraints he took himself back in hand and gave his cock a long and leisurely stroke that he imagined came from a smaller, tanned hand. He pushed his head back into the sofa as his hand sped up on his cock. His thumb flicked over the head, collecting the wetness that gathered at the tip and helped to ease the way. He briefly wished he had thought to move to the bedroom and his supply of lubricant before he started, but he was so close and the friction so delicious that he quickly forgot to think about anything other than chasing his impending orgasm. His mind conjured up the imagined weight of his friend pressing him down into the sofa and he swiftly sucked a finger into his mouth, wetting it hastily as his right hand stroked himself. He reached his hand down past his bollocks and pressed his slicked finger against his entrance. He felt the muscle give and tighten against him as he eased his finger in up to his first knuckle. His hand flew over his cock and pulsed in his hand before he spurted long streams of white over his stomach and the ring of muscle spasmed around his finger, and his vision seared white behind his closed eyelids. He carefully removed his finger as the feeling came back to his extremities. His heartbeat and breathing slowed  and he opened his eyes. He tasted the metallic tang of iron-rich blood on his tongue. It appeared he had bit his lip hard enough to draw blood to keep from crying out when he hit his climax, judging by the jagged piece of skin he could feel on the inside of his bottom lip.
