She patted his back covering up what sounded like a sniffle with a laugh. “Fair enough. Let’s get back down there before all the eggnog is gone”
Hearing that there’s food, Dean struts off toward the kitchen. Castiel smiles to himself, shaking his head.
She takes the card and salutes him with it, looking faintly relieved. Castiel, too, breathes a small sigh of relief. If they had assigned Dean and his partner Benny Lafayette to this case, Ms. Sunder was in excellent hands. They were the two best homicide detectives in the state of Kansas.
It was the annual "winter-bash" at Charlie's house. They had been doing it for years with traditions accumulating over time. The white elephant gifts were a recent addition, something that she had picked up on, working for Roman Enterprises. It was also Dean's favorite tradition so far.
Cas throws the car in park and unhooks his seat belt and throws open his door. Dean gapes at Cas as he throws open the back door of the Lincoln and reaches in to grab him by the front of the shirt.
“Wait. You still haven’t read my books, Cass?” Chuck asks, shocked. “I finished the series years ago! I named one of the main characters after you and your brother!”
Castiel relaxes a little. If he’s smart, he could get through this entire trip without so much as touching an udder. “Alright.”
Dean nodded, trying to keep positive for Sam’s sake. “Crowley’s a smarmy dick, even for an ambulance chaser. But maybe Sam here’ll make him human. Right, Sam?”
Jack didn’t look convinced but allowed himself to be swept along with Kevin and Claire. Castiel saw them out, taking a healthy amount of delight in watching them get along. They got into Claire’s car and Cas watched them drive along the road until the dark of the unlit road swallowed the car.
The teasing stops, the campfire grows quiet, and a chill descends over the party. Seasoned travelers replay personal horror stories; the squeal of brakes, the smell of melting rubber, gnarls of twisted metal. It reminds them that their nightmares, their memories, could be far much more frightening than any cryptid, real or otherwise.
“I’ve met Mrs. Tran,” Dean says seriously, “definition of a ‘tiger mom’. Nobody’s getting between those boys and Calculus.”
Sam smirks, Balling up the cover and tossing it on top of an old workbench. “But we’re getting her out today.”
“It’s not the Chicken Ranch they care about, not really. It’s the chance to catch Novak Corp with ‘their dick in their hands’ that has everyone excited.” Dean cracked a smile and Cas rewarded himself with a bite of bacon. “I wouldn’t worry about it, Dean.”
The little oasis he's been quietly building for himself sits in front of his house. In one corner there's a canvas tarp for shade, hooked on one side to the rain gutters and on the other to two long posts dug into the ground. Underneath the tarp is a hammock, an old TV tray with a small radio, a well-loved copy of ‘The Valley of the Dolls’ borrowed from Donna to read for this month’s book club, and a notepad.
After a loaded silence, Dean tries to make light of it. “Don’t know how a guy’s supposed to be lonely in Joshua. This place is pretty much heaven on earth.”
He might even pick her up and take her to lunch if his package gets delivered before then. In between painting and refinishing, Dean received another rejection letter. Sam watched him open it, skim and toss it like junk mail into the garbage, and then go back to his home improvements. So Sam got him a gift, a reverse housewarming gift, and like hell he was gonna just leave it on the patio.
“Ah yes, you and the brothers Winchester burned my body,” Eckhart says. “But there are other ways to resurrect someone, even without a physical form.”
In his peripheral view he sees the other Master’s eyes fixed on him, perplexed. “Is there something wrong?” Jack asks.
Dean makes his way to the benches and grabs at a water bottle. “No memories. Block them out during battle,” he says before drinking.
“Ben, we share the same Physics class,” Jesse said and he turned to Jack. “You don’t share a surname?”
The Noble Phantasms disappear and all that remain is Rider and Berserker kissing each other at the middle of the massive bald spot in the field. Sam helps Jack up and points to the Impala, unbothered by the recent altercation between Servants. “We should leave before any authorities get here,” the tall man says.
Claire was in college taking up Mechanical Engineering so she was only ever home during the holidays. So when he heard that she was going to take the semester off and stay home for a while he was ecstatic. Even with all the teasing and big sister hovering to come. Everyone they knew said that they were mixed and matched from their dads’ parts, albeit built differently from one another.
Jack wanted to say something before Jesse completely left. The other boy had given him compliments and had said nice things to him since their date and he wanted to return the favor. He just didn’t know how. But when Jesse turned back, it dawned on him.
Who she thought was her father stood up and then a gruff voice spoke behind him. “Hey, Cas. Who's this?” the voice asked. It belonged to a tall scary-looking man who was currently eating a large bucket of fries. “Amelia?” said the man, in the same gruff tone as her ‘dad.’
but he pressed on. “I asked why and they said any activity is a date as long as you liked the other person.”
After nodding in agreement with him, Jesse returns his gaze on the image. The scene shows Jack lunging at someone on the floor with a hand extended upwards, their face hidden by the black smoke and swirls that envelop the rest of the illustration.
Sam wonders why he’s been chosen by the Grail to participate in another War. He was already part of the previous Holy Grail War and he was able to summon Grand Archer Samuel Colt.
A silver short sword drops down from the angel’s right sleeve and he raises it, eyes glowing a bluish white, vague impression of wings on the wall.
Sam and Henriksen cringe from secondhand embarrassment. And even the other agents laugh at Dean’s futility.
Jack staring at the other boy’s eyes, whose hues perfectly matched his glorious mane, chuckled. “Well Ben isn’t like this during family dinner.”
Jack couldn’t help but agree. Jesse’s hair did remind him of the chocolate fountain at uncle Sam and aunt Eileen’s wedding last year.
Now he sits alone on an already set table. Eggs and bacon rest on four different plates each guarded by a pair of utensils. And the coffeemaker hums somewhere behind him, waiting in the maddening quiet of pre-morning rituals. Now his suit smells like bacon. He should’ve made breakfast before putting on the suit.
house, of Jesse talking with Jack on two separate occasions. Charlie informed me that Jack now thinks of Jesse as his friend.”
“Still alive,” he says, gently dropping the bag on the concrete as paramedics rush in. “Be on the lookout for Bloody Valentine, have your people look into security cams, anyone whose eyes glow silver is a suspect. She’s working with the Hunter, who’s engaged in combat with Frankenstein,” Angel says in one breath. He flies back to the action, leaving the officers almost terrified with the situation’s developments.
“Hey, food's ready,” Alex announced. She saw the picture in Claire's hands and walked up behind her. “They saved me from vampire hillbillies. That was the day Jody officially adopted me.”
“If you’re thinking about why I’m drinking coffee… I’m doing it mostly out of habit,” Castiel says, matter-of-factly.
“I shot him in the shoulder,” Eileen signs and the brothers chuckle. Regular weapons can’t hurt Servants.
“Pinned to where? Just our luck,” the woman says, hitting Charlie behind the knee and pulling her arm up, her Command Spells free for all to see. “Three Masters and a Servant walk into a room.”
Ben grabs his burger and takes another mouthful. “Why? It's just the two of us here,” he mumbles while chewing.
“Now the symbol. The boy needs something that says “Hello! I’m here to help you” when you first see it,” Bobby says, opening up the design file of the suit on his tablet.
“Well, if they’re any good they should know my face by now,” Dean creases his brows and jerks at the two cops, who reel back. Both are unable to reach for their firearms because of Sam’s binding.
Castiel looks around them and sees the couch pressed to the wall. He sits down and says “I am Berserker.”
. Based on her father’s stand on his moral code, she could only imagine what he and Dean went through together to fall in love, despite their drastically different beliefs.
When he’s done, he assembles the full meal on a plate and covers it with tinfoil, and covers it up with a dome lid. He leaves for the library and comes back with a note saying “For you” and tapes it to the lid.
“What’s up, back-alley!” Jesse was a cut off by one of the boys from one of the athletics teams. Jack wasn’t sure which one. The boy smacked the back of Jesse’s head as they passed them. His smile faltered and Jack felt his insides cave in.
And then he hears the scraping of broken glass on hardwood floors, the clinking of metal, and the soft buzz of electricity passing through copper wiring. His living room lights turn back on as if they didn’t explode just moments before.
That was unfortunate. Aaron looks at Delphine and he sees the soft look in her eyes as she stares at the Arc. It looked like she was grieving for someone a second time around. She probably had a wish she wanted to ask from the Grail, Aaron thought.
“Dude, stop it,” she jokingly pretends to throw the apple at him. “I'm not asking for anything in return, Clive,” she assures him, placing a hand on his wrist.
He remembers when it broke. It was during the week he last called this house his home. In his travels with Claire and Kaia, Jack knew now that home is where your family is. So where is his father? No one seems to be home. He expected that with the advanced door something would alert anyone inside if someone had let themself in.
Angel returns to the scene as the Hunter slices the neck of one of the goons before jumping back, pulls the grenade launcher from his back, and aims for the vehicle. In that instant Angel rushes in and pushes the launcher to point upwards as the Hunter pulls on the trigger. With a backward thrust of his wings, the explosive is launched far higher than the adjacent buildings and detonates safely away from any property.
Ben first found out he was a mage when he was too lazy to pick up the remote control on the TV stand. He was lying down on the couch and reached his hand out, imagining the remote to come flying at him. In that moment, odd lines lit up on his arm and the remote came flying towards him. His mom saw all this happen and immediately made a call to a man named Sam Winchester. He was enrolled in the Clock Tower right after high school graduation.
. Well, used to. Recently the Department of Defense has appointed him into a new position only given to five people. Now he goes by
“Because your brother Cyrus is dead,” Cas says as such an aside that everyone except Meg and Henriksen stare at him. The other two not taking their eyes off Styne.
The thermal imaging box fills most of the screen in front of them. “That’s Eldon Styne, all right,” says Charlie, her voice shaking.
The old lady clears her throat loud enough that it reverberates throughout the chapel. Jack was ready for her to reprimand them for their blatant display of homosexuality in a Catholic institution but she merely says “Times maybe different but that is still to be done in a room.” She then angrily walks out the front entrance. It was a sigh of relief.
Then Jack feels the same tug of magic he felt in Sam. The air around Berserker is crackling with raw energy and he can hear his Servant chant something through their psychic connection.
“You were completely still for a whole minute there,” said Jesse. “I thought my screen froze or something.”
Jesse knows this voice, he knows the smell of this man's hair, and the way his arms are rigid whenever he gave hugs. “I missed you too, babe,” he tells Jack, returning the hug with as much gusto. “How'd you find us here? Also, why are you here, babe?”
“Talked to Ophelia, their chapter went nuts too. Marco says that the first spike was done by powerful magic.”
The man shrieks. “Jesus,” obviously caught unawares. He nearly dropped the knife and slice of bread he is holding and he leans back on the table. “Christ!” the man follows as he used his pinky to pull out his earphones by the cord.
Jack looks closer at the words and he becomes exhilarated. He never thought of that. But he did think that when the time comes, he wanted to be a figure that meant
. It’s Thursday now, he needs to start his incantation. “In front of me is the North, behind me is the South, beside me are the East and the West. I am the center, wherever I tread is the eye of the universe. Wherever I am is the world. Oh, Divine Spirit, fill this circle with a proper vessel, fill, fill, fill, and fill again. Until a contract with you a vessel makes.
Castiel placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder, smiling softly when the boy turned to look at him, “It’s okay if you don’t know yet, Jack.”
Jack, who immediately knew where this was headed, said “Who?” as he took a sip of his hot chocolate drink. He imagined the Ahsoka print on his mug that reached out was wielding the Force to make his family drop the just opened conversation.
The woman—Delphine, lowers herself to look at the man’s face. “Dammit. How many times must I kill this man?” she mutters.
In the living room Castiel stood behind the sofa. Jack sat on the floor in between the wooden coffee table and said furniture his father was brooding behind. They were watching Ahsoka duel with Darth Vader, Jack flinching whenever a swipe got too close or when their lightsabers hacked the surrounding architecture. Well, Jack was watching. Castiel watched
Immediately, after the explosion, Angel is between it and Frankenstein’s crew, wings outstretched, wide enough to cover the entire crew and their vehicle. And then two more succeeding explosions happen.
It’s been a year since they last been in the Bunker. When she first decided to take up the Hunter’s mantle three years ago, she lied to Jack and left him somewhere in Colorado. When they got together again, her brother snapped and for two whole days no one in the State could lie in any capacity. She said sorry on the second day because she needed excuses to go run-off and practice not getting killed in action. She’s twenty-five now, just two years short of when Dean took charge of what he calls the “family business.”
“For parts,” says the other three in unison but with each a different weight to their words. Jack elects not press further.
—swatting his hand away with that ironwood gaze of his. He put both of his hands up in surrender, “Let him start the conversation himself. It’s not like we were eager to tell our parents our dating life back when we were his age.”
He’s been watching videos of Jack patrolling Illinois with his dad. There’s one particular video that he’s been playing over and over again. It was of Jack being overwhelmed with a few kids in a park, the kids were trying to hang from his wings. One even jumped on his back, pulled on his hair, and told him to fly. When the little tykes became too much, Jack just lays down on the floor, face hard-pressed on the damp grass. It was so cute if you forget the fact that this was right after his Superhero dad stopped a bank robbery.
parks Baby in the Bunker’s garage and listens to himself breathe for a moment. He no longer has his helmet on and he lets the sweat trickle down on to the bridge of his nose from his ash blond hair.
After an internal debate Ben did hug her. Him being a little shorter than Claire had his cheek pressed against her shoulder in their tight embrace. “I missed you, sis,” he said. And he angled himself to wave at Kaia who returned the greeting with a nod.
Sam scoffs at his brother, “You were comatose for two days and told me to pretend you still were when we got home from the hospital.”
Gabriel would’ve returned the hug but, “Hey, kid. I don’t want to accidentally stab you. Your dad hates me enough.”
“Why do you spoil me?” Charlie asks affectionately, taking an apple on the fruit bowl in front of her.
Castiel spreads his own wings, they may not be the most exceptional, but they are his. He takes flight and makes his way to Sioux Falls.
“Listen to your mother,” Dean pointed to Ben, but as if in bitter irony, a piece of meat escapes his lips and drops on the table beside his plate.
Berserker Castiel and Rider Dean Winchester have been summoned as Servants in the Fourth North American Holy Grail War. Now a third Servant is summoned and they have a more solidified place in history.
When Sam reaches his room he lets himself be swallowed by slumber. He’s ready to have that dreamless bliss that could only come from utter mental exhaustion.
At first Yellow Eyes sent Demoness to antagonize Angel and plant seeds of doubt. And then Meg started speaking with him during quiet nights where there was nothing left to do but listen. Soon enough they became genuine friends that the media called “
Sam upon hearing his name, picks up a knife and walks towards the three. Every utensil in their kitchen was made of silver and there could possibly be a shifter or leviathan wearing his brother’s face with them. Mrs. Butters stands up and stays his hand. “Boy, calm down. That’s your brother!” she says in her most motherly voice. “That’s Dean. As a Servant,” her voice quieting at the last words.
The Golem is busy cleaning up his side of the perimeter. There were quite a few Thule pretending to be loiterers around these parts and they both decided to split up to cover more ground and reduce enemy numbers faster.
“You can only make it up to me in two ways,” she says, raising a finger, motioning him to move closer. When he is just a few inches from her she whispers “A: you can find me a decent man without a PWD fetish…” Castiel nods, face tight-knit.
“So we’re counting now?” Rider shouts, the First Blade disappearing and his eyes return to their iridescent jade green. “How about all the times you’ve stupidly left me just to get yourself killed?”
. The accompanying image is a shot of Jack helping a paramedic apply a tourniquet to victims broken leg. “Read the article. Survivors of the incident claim that’s what you said.”
Before the Nazi could even answer his question, Aaron hears gunshots. He drops down and covers the woman with his own body. When the firing stops he sees half of Eckhart’s face blown off and his blood creeping fast towards the Arc of the Covenant.
“I don’t understand. Those at peace with their deaths can’t be recorded into the Throne of Hero—” then Sam sees the Command Spells at the back of his hand.
Dean immediately knew what story Lisa will be sharing. Castiel on the other hand was clueless and patiently waited for her to continue.
Jack embraces one of the dogs as the others begin to rest beside him. “I couldn’t sleep,” he says, palm smoothing out the fur on the dog’s head. “And I wanted to see you.”
Jack turned to see his sister, all smug, blonde, and leather jacket as the dad across from him was, leaning on the doorframe. “Claire!” he said as he stood and went to hug her tight. “I missed you.”
A simple “Please open” is what he settles for after a minute of internal debate. His father might’ve been joking about the voice activation bit. It is a wooden do—
Gadreel knits his brows together, staring at the heavy traffic below them, unsure. “Does it matter? Sooner or later we’ll both move on regardless if socially acceptable closure has been had or not. Pettiness, like blame, is a waste of effort. Of course, I forgive you, Castiel.”
“That’s not what I meant. We didn’t kiss,” he protested. He stared at his plate, 4 different sauces smeared on a few pieces of chicken nuggets and fries. He needed to word his thoughts carefully so his dads didn’t misunderstood. That would only prompt Castiel’s overprotectiveness and Dean’s overeager teasing.
Jack is now standing in his living room, all furniture pushed to the walls. He stood at the center of concentric chalk rings riddled with Enochian symbols. At the edge of the rings are various numerous blue gemstones, all acting as magical circuit breakers. And in his hands, is an eons old fossilized feather (far older than when proto-feathers in animals even existed).
When he first started being the Hunter, he wanted his helmet to resemble the Impala. But Charlie convinced him otherwise. So, he opted for the next best option, spray-painting an actual impala on his helmet instead.
Ben knows she didn't tell him everything. With all the protective sigils and silverware in their house, he knows his dad was a
Angel elects to ignore Gabriel for the moment. “Who’s here?” Angel asks, rising concern escaping his throat.
“Hello,” Jack says with his stationary wave, “I’m jack.” He extends his hand to Charlie and she shakes it. “Uhm, I’m not sure about Claire and Kaia, they’re not in the country... And yes and no!”
Nancy looks between him and Sam and slowly gets her ticket book out of her apron. She has her hair up in a tight ponytail that pulls at the edges of her face, making her look more shrewd than normal.
He finds it strangely fitting. Dean’s always kept a journal. He’d wait for Sam to fall asleep and then write until Sam fell asleep for real. Nearly every night.
He assumed, too, that it was part of being a good older brother; trying to keep in touch now that their dad was gone.
As Dean got closer to climax, he started digging his fingers into Cas's back. He wanted to kiss Cas; on the mouth like they
He gave to people everything that he could give them, knowing that eventually, he would have to push off again. Once or twice he offered to come back, but no one offered to wait.
The house is in a pleasant spot on a hill where, because no one ever developed across from him, Dean can see down into town. The small breezeblock courtyard treats him to a panoramic view of the truck stop and the vast stretch of desert behind it. He was far enough from town to see the stars, but close enough to see the bonfires the warehouse kids light at the abandoned signage warehouse.
The show had been a bit of a surprise if Charlie was being honest. According to one guest, an easygoing man named Lee who tended bar in town, the show was just a fun number Cas and the angels did to remind everybody that the Chicken Ranch was all just some good clean fun, nothing fancy or “high tone.” And even in a day and age where people had access to much more exotic fancies and kinks at the tips of their fingers, there was still a healthy crowd for a Thursday.
He pulled out his keys and let himself in, closing the door behind him. Castiel took off his shoes and coat, crept silently to the back bedroom of the house, and got into bed.
They traded amused chuckles before Cas nodded toward his house. “Alright, come inside and i’ll grab you one then.”
Dean can imagine it. He can imagine Cas sneaking out in the middle of night to climb up into the hayloft of the barn.
After introducing Balthazar to his brother Gabriel, things cooled off between them. It seemed they worked together now, and Balthazar seemed to find more interesting things to do under Gabriel’s wing.
. You still own this much of the company, Cas. Dad—he never had you declared dead, even though most of the board members had pushed him to. He always hoped that if he made the company better, you’d come back on your own. Or at least, come around to dinner.”
When he spots his house from the top of the street, some of his sadness leeches away from him in a relieved sigh.
The chatter around the table quiets down a bit with interest. They all know that Michael’s trying to segway into Ms. Sunder’s murder or Castiel’s assault in the parking lot, and Cas finds he doesn’t want to
“We’re in the kitchen, Bal,” called Anna with a giggle and wink at Dean. Castiel sighed. His sister Anna was a year older than him and lived in the same city. Before things started to pick up with his work, they used to hang out together at the same clubs and parties. Anna had an unpleasant habit of taking home whoever it was Castiel showed up with, be they clients, coworkers, or friends. He hoped she would rein it in since technically Dean wasn’t on the market, but that would have been a Christmas miracle.
Sam has on a shit-eating grin as Dean examines the book, experiments with the weight, scans the pages and blushes at the dedication. “Thanks, Sammy.”
But, Dean was proud to say, he had been exploring some healthier options lately. For the last few years, he had been turning the little riffs in his notebooks into poems. Dean writes poetry. And it helps. Even if he starts with two fingers of something strong, he gets so caught up trying to get his words right that time slips by and he forgets about a refill. Before he knows it, his eyes are slamming shut and he has to haul himself to bed.
He took the phone and stepped out of the house. Gabriel looked like the cat who got the cream. ”What?”
He shook hands with a few of them and said, patiently. “Now, my good friends, you know me, you know what I’m about. You can trust me to err on the side of goodness and profit for our beloved state. You can trust me to keep close watch over Texas.”
Dean blows into his hands. All the animals who were smart were sleeping. Drinking inside their dens.
Cas is glad he doesn’t have to open his eyes longer than it takes Lisa to check his pupils. He doesn’t want to see how youthful she looks a decade and a half later. Or to compare the number of laugh lines. He sighs, chastising himself. Maybe he’s spent too much time indulging in silly staff room competitions.
The wind blows, stirring up all of those sounds into a single roaring howl, and Dean pulls his coat a little closer to his neck.
Dean nodded his head. He wasn’t on the clock anymore and there was something about Crowley that had him desperate for a palate cleanser.
When Dean sees him again next, Cas is obviously miserable. So he does his best not to smile when the dude flops himself down on the couch in Dean’s office.
It makes him feel incredibly old to admit it, but he dislikes how quick news spreads these days. His shoulders slump and he says quietly, “You shouldn’t have had to find out over text message. She was a kind woman and an excellent teacher.”
“I won’t need it, but I’m sure everyone else would like to stop relying on America’s only surviving Video King for movies.”
Dean seemed a little tense finally, secluded by a row of trees, he said, “Well, you Gilbert in a hurry, Cas. Any reason why?”
If John had just died out on a hunt, it would have been months before anyone noticed the two boys were on their own and, by then, Dean would be eighteen and there wouldn’t be much anyone could do to separate them.
There isn’t any mail in their box. Cas suspects that Claire and Jack have teamed up to make sure he’s never there first. Cas says as much to Dean, who chuckles and shakes his head.
give us food poisoning-” Jack opens his mouth to protest “-Quiet Jack. I’m talking to God. Lord, keep us safe from harm. And help us not to do anything particularly
Cas reached over on the bed, took Dean’s hat, and put it back on his head. Dean winked. How he could look every bit a rambling cowboy in pink lace panties was beyond Cas.
The superhero and paramedics rush towards Frankenstein. “He’s not dead yet,” Angel says to one of the EMTs. “Get him to a secure facility before removing the bullet in his head.”
A similar thing happened with the Supervillain shapeshifter Mia Vallens. She committed a murder on February 14
The boy shrugs at his question before answering. “Well, aside from moving things and teleporting like you do, I can only alter people’s perception of reality. There was this one time my sister and I were arguing because she lied to me. And when I said “Stop lying!” the entire state of Colorado couldn’t lie—”
“You take that crummy apology and shove it up your ass,” Pamela continues, smirking. “Quit blaming yourself for what happened in Purgatory, Cas. Rowena and your brother were right! You have nothing to be sorry for.”
After all, not everyone on the list is a registered Enhanced. The UN made sure that registration is on a voluntary basis to prevent exploitation.
know flannel isn’t the only design on Earth, Sam?” Kaia says, pinching at the sleeve of the man’s shirt.
Dean finds his hand gravitating towards his bone knife but Castiel stops him. “Eldon, you can’t overpower any of us. Just lower the gun and the barrier and stop,” Cas says, commanding yet calming.
Dean gives Eileen a warm embrace and signs “I missed you” to her. In front of Sam, he’ll say that Eileen is far too good for him. But the truth is, he’s happy that Sammy’s found someone who understands his life. Dean liked her the first time he saw Eileen punch Sam square in the jaw.
“I would've made them for you anyway,” he squeezes her shoulder as he makes his way to the refrigerator. He pulls out a pitcher of lemonade and takes a glass from the drying rack.
Bobby scoffs at him, “You sure you and Dean don’t meet every day? You’re starting to sound an awful lot like him.”
“Well, like me, my father only has one pair of wings,” and then he pauses, eyes wide and arms outstretched to his sides sliding up and down. “But my uncle Gabe and a few of my other uncles have six pairs! My uncle Michael doesn’t even have
Everyone knows Frankenstein and his group ran the place. But no one knew who funded it and for what nefarious purpose. Both his father and Kaia refused to say anything. It must’ve been
“If I felt it, my family would’ve felt it too,” says Castiel. “Maybe we can ask Rowena for help since magic was involved.”
Sam isn’t buying any of this. He slides his hands down his long hair, from the forehead to the back of his head. It’s a tell that he’s fuming despite the pleased look on his face. Eileen kicks his shin and quickly signs “Save it for later” while Dean has his back turned.
Jack’s eyes glow gold. He may not change reality in a literal sense, but he can change how people view it. And right now, everyone views it through panicked lenses. “Our heroes are here. You are safe,” his words, though whispered, echoes and reverberates throughout the entire city. The injured begin to calm down, the first responders regain their focus, and the bystanders stop crowding the scene.
Dean stands up, his hands perched on his hips, “One! Expect the unexpected.” He raises his chin, mouth parted just a little. This was his disappointed face. And it stung Claire every time he used it at her. “And two: you were distracted. Why were you distracted?”
She sits on one of the benches beside Kaia who was visibly uncomfortable. Her girlfriend assists her with taking off the gauntlet as she continues to argue with her father. “You sent me and Jack to grandma’s when a cat-burglar broke our coffee table,” Claire huffs. “I doubt I’d ever get any training from you. You were so hung up on what happened with Jimmy and mom that you sent me and Jack to grandmas after that!”
The free Servant turns and an ear-to-eae grin etches itself on his face. “If it isn't little Delphy,” he says with utmost familiarity. “You've grown into a fine woman.”
“I don’t think liking the Cats movie is a deep dark secret,” Jack said, laughing at how absurd he thinks Jesse right now.
“A Servant, Dean?!” Berserker shouts. “I wanted you to have a life!” The silver short sword drops down from his sleeves and he grips it tight, raising it forward. His eyes glow the same bluish white from when he was summoned. And behind him, light seems to bounce off invisible wings. “Not some quasi-existence! How many times have you been summoned as a Servant?!”
Well, that was until he (like her dad) bit it. It felt like another part of her died when he passed. Another person that this hospital's lifeless corridors reminded her she had lost.
“Well, I guess since Rider and Berserker are newer Servants, it would be best to team up,” Jack mumbles to himself.
“’Oh, shit’ is right, Dean,” Cas’s eyes glow and then he looks around. “Why the hell is my daughter here?”
Not wanting this little snag to dash his hopes of winning, he brushes it aside. Angels were akin to pagan gods, and even when they are not Servants, they are more powerful than your run-of-the-mill familiars that the Throne of Heroes provides. “It’s okay, Castiel. Or should I call you
When Castiel got back he took a seat at the head of the table, Dean to his right. And even though only he was religious in their family—being raised Catholic—they said grace before they started breakfast.
But he could also keep silent and just let Jesse’s soothing voice quiet his thoughts, banish all the worries he’d been having since senior year started.
Jesse reels back and looks at his clothes. He forgot that he was in a hospital earlier before he accidentally zapped here. “Shit. That’s embarrassing,” he snaps his fingers, eyes turning pitch-black for a whole second, and he’s now fully clothed in an acid wash denim shirt, black denim jeans, and brown leather boots. The day he finds a denim boot that looked better than his cowboys is the day he wears one.
Jack turned to look back at her. He saw his siblings staring at him as well. “What’s with all the questions?”
Jack stares at him, searching eyes finding purchase in his. “Like I said, I couldn’t sleep,” he says, taking a step forward. “There are so many thoughts in my head and I needed to talk to someone. I needed a friend and then suddenly I was here.”
“How’d you even find me here?” he asks, stalling, wanting to find the right words to explain him disappearing for a few days. Why does he even need to explain himself to Jack anyway?
“We needed answers,” he reminds it. The other remaining members are frozen in place. Fear or shock, Aaron doesn’t really care.
And with Bobby’s last words he nods to Ash. The mullet-man pulls at his blanket with a flourish and mimics trumpet sounds as much as his throat and closed mouth could. Underneath is the body suit Castiel had asked Bobby, for Jack, if and when he decided to follow in his footsteps.
Sometimes he relishes the gusts of wind blown at him this way. Him being stationary, unmoving, is a pleasant departure for when he flies towards danger to rescue the next individual who is not one of his children or Dean, or those he considers family.
On his phone call with his father yesterday, he mentioned that the seemingly old-fashioned door was voice-activated and that his voice was registered in the system. He has no idea how his father managed to get a clear recording of his voice but he doesn’t question it. For a moment he stood there, with his left hand pressed against the door, brows collided, eyes squinting at the uneven paintjob.
“Well, there was too much exposition today,” Jesse said and Jack laughed at the sentiment. School was over and Jesse offered to walk Jack home. Convinced him he had nothing better to do anyway.
“That’s my father,” Jack said excitedly. Something inside him was eager for Jesse to meet the rest of his family.
Dean looks at the black iridescent feather on one of the shelves and smiles to himself. “Yeah, well, we went through Purgatory together.”
And Claire raises her brow, anger glistening in her eyes, “You think that low of us to send us away?”
Noble Phantasm - It is a weapon or activated ability that's representative of the legends and feats that a Servant has done in their lifetime. Each Servant has one and they function as the ace in any Servant's arsenal.
“And what? Am I supposed to thank you for leaving me alone?” Rider blurts out, not actually expecting an answer. “It was supposed to be all or nothing with the two of us, you son of a bitch.”
Gadreel marches towards the ledge and sits beside him. “I believe the phrase is “No names on the field,” brother,” they both laugh. “Your words, Castiel,” he says to him, a twitch upwards ghosting his lips.
Dean rolled his eyes and drank from the bottle of beer he was nursing since they got to the diner. “Don’t pressure the kid, angel.”
pulls at Dean’s arm on her left shoulder. She grabs it by the wrist with her both hands, spins under it and in almost two seconds she now has Dean partially facing away from her, his left arm pulled downwards, taut. She then motions to knee him on the side and stops when her knee almost collides with his obliques.
. The first thing he notices is a massive screen depicting a bird’s eye view of what he recognizes is Chicago.
“Hmm,” Claire hummed. Noticing the jar of tomato sauce in front of her, she picked it up and turned to Jody, “I guess we’re Filipino now.”
Bobby looks at him all smug and knowing, “Two actually. Just the suits though. Any other supplementary equipment is out of the question.”
It’s been a number of days now since he last saw Jack. Every now and then his mind would drift, and he’d check in on what the boy was doing. He shouldn’t have left so abruptly. Jesse remembers those gorgeous slate blue eyes, pleading, when Jack asked if they were friends. He wanted to know more about the golden boy.
“I recognize that voice,” the woman says. “Hello, Torvald,” she smiles. Two black iron Nambu pistols materialize in her hands and she shoots at the three remaining Thule members faster than Aaron could register what was happening.
“Well, you could call yourself Captain…” Jack, struggling to find a comeback, spots Jesse’s lengthy hair, “Long hair!”
Jack trails behind his uncle and they make their way to his father’s study just beyond the staircase. When they enter the office, Gabriel yells “Let me in!” and the bookshelf recedes into the wall, revealing stairs. Jack remembers that the basement he knew did not extend to the back of the house (which is where the office is at) so unless they expanded that… He doesn’t know where his uncle is leading him.
He can’t panic like the victims so he steels himself. He sees Angel, the Superhero he admires the most, his father. Angel is here to protect the people. So is Cherub, and so are the first responders.
Castiel raises both brows at him, always teetering on the edge of displeasure with his brother. “And who might this friend be, Gabriel?” he asks.
Max Banes is leaning against Dean’s truck as he approaches, stretching languidly so that his black shirt pulls up a little and exposes a small strip of skin. He catches Dean looking and smirks before a powerful yawn overtakes him.
Castiel chuckled and came to stand on either side of Dean’s legs. Dean rested his hands on Cas’s hips, pulling him closer and kissing the corset. Castiel threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair and pulled gently, making him groan.
“Yes. In Austin. I’d be closer to the kids,” The more he thought about it, the more attractive the offer was, all things considered.
“I uh... kind of funneled a lot of money from his company into a few charities and got caught. I’ve been doing it since I was about 15. I’m a hacker.” She winced and said apologetically, “I’ve probably done it to Novak Corp too.”
Sam’s breath comes out in billowing puffs now, and he feels a little light-headed. There’s something about the air in Joshua that makes it so much easier to breathe. Everything is clearer out here.
For the first time in a long time, Dean feels the wagons are properly drawn around him, and he lets his eyes close with a deep, satiated sigh.
As he struggles to get the mask off the man, he hears someone near the building call out, “Hey! What’s going on over there?! I’m calling—”
. And, by the odd twinkle in her eyes, Castiel knew the directors had explained to her that his father had written the source material for the play.
“In my experience, it’s twice as true for the desert.” Castiel nods and soberly adds, “I’ve seen a demon out there.”
“Nah,” Dean says as he hands Lee back his card. “I’m gonna go home and dogproof the house.” Max flashes Dean a triumphant smile.
Whoever redecorated had given the Fourth of July a run for its money, plastering Old Glory and the Texas state flag everywhere they could and replacing racks of costumes for public access television shows and soap operas with a single opulent vanity table, a stiff white couch, and a minibar.
“Jack, uh. Might have coached me a little about what to say. But it’s true! I don’t need help running the business. I need help leading my employees. Novak corp needs a complete facelift, and it’s too much for me to handle on my own. I don’t--”
“Be nice,” Dean warns him under his breath. Cas would rather eat raw chicken every night than deal with this harpy. He’s glad, for his friend’s sake, that he’s in enough pain to hide his distaste.
Sam seemed to relax at that. “Please, Sam’s fine.” He cut the engine in front of the house. “Alright. Let’s get you settled, Charlie.”
Sam rounds the bend and checks his watch, pleased to see he’s making good time and that his vital stats read like a textbook. When he looks up, he catches the dip of a rabbit as it sprints across the road and is swallowed up by the desert snow.
Cas shrugs off his tan coat and drapes it over the back of a chair that used to sit in the library of the Novak home. Because she knew it was his favorite, and because it had sat in the library unoccupied for years, Naomi had insisted Dean take it back to Bobby’s when she redecorated.
The stretch of silence was heartbreaking. “That’s a question for the ages. You can just make something up. It’s all equally unlikely.”
Sam wasn’t the only one worried about this Crowley. After a fruitless afternoon calling around, all he got out of anyone was that Crowley had filed filming permits with the county. Crowley even State Senator Balthazar wringing his hands. He told Dean flat-out that he wouldn’t get involved because he didn’t want to be a target of Crowley’s outrage machine.
Cas turns his attention to the rigs shining in the streetlight, pocketing his fists. Dean watches the half-smile bloom on Cas’s side profile.
And these ‘Weretruckers’ were going to be in deep shit when their boss found out about all this. Garth might look like he’d lose to Mr. Rogers in an arm-wrestling contest, but there was a reason he directed an entire fleet of weretruckers.
He died before the seventh book was finished. Castiel doesn’t have the heart to pick them up on that one point alone.
Castiel smiled softly, “That’s alright Garth, I think it would highly offend Benny if I ate someone else’s turkey; he’s always been especially jealous of Bess’s cooking. Tell her I miss her alright?”
Crowley stepped over to the bar in measured steps and a waft of some fancy men’s cologne. Dean tried not to be impressed by the price point of the whisky he poured. Handing Dean two fingers of the most expensive liquid he had ever seen, Crowley asked, “Your friend, what episode did they like best?”
Ellen sighed, “Hate to say it but I think everyone decent’s seen the writing on the wall. They’ll close the Ranch and there’s not much we can do or say about it.”
“So that cat starts sippin’ on that cactus cooler and pretty soon he starts feelin’ great. More than great, he’s completely stoned. Just— absolutely shitfaced. He starts lookin’ for a little bit of love’n out there. But the deserts big, you know? Real lonely out there for a cactus cat.
The diner’s packed with truckers and families making their way back from the Winter holidays. Dean’s favorite waitress, Nancy, dances expertly from table to table. Without stopping, she calls out, “Good morning, Mr. Winchester! Take a seat anywhere.”
At the end of the piano’s introduction, Castiel appeared at the top of the staircase in a floor-length black gown and a massive black wig piled on his head. He sang about the rules of the chicken ranch in a clear voice that rumbled in all the right places.
back to my place?” Lee asks, tossing his credit card on the counter with a swaggering leer. Even though they’re the wrong shade, his blue eyes make Dean’s gut twist uncomfortably.
“Jesus. Okay, listen to me. I’m calling the kids and telling them to stay where they’re at for now. Come to the station and we’ll figure the rest out when you get here. Call me if anything else happens between now and then, okay?”
Ruby sighed and bounced off the porch. “Of course you are. You’re just as sweet and boring as I remembered.”
When he’s had a little too much to drink, he drinks a little more and props himself up on Cas. In dizzy flashes of anger, he curses a John Winchester that was more of a monster than a man.
“Cas. Hey, hey. It’s okay, I’ve got you,” Dean says, his figure back lit by the security light outside his window. “You’re here with me at Bobby’s, do you remember?”
“All I’m saying is if Cassie ever gets bored teaching Latin to a bunch of zoomers, I could really use him.” Cas snorts at that, making Gabriel cock an eyebrow.
As soon as Castiel shut the door to his bedroom closed on the bedlam going on outside, Dean erupted. “God damn it, Cas! You told me you’d shut down! You looked me in the face and promised me.”
There was a loud bang upstairs, and Cas’s door blew open with a crash. He came flying down in Texas Longhorns shorts and an orange knit sweatshirt to answer the door with the widest, gummiest smile that Charlie had ever seen. A few of the angels Cooed too to see their usually stoic den mother fumble with the lock on the front door.
“The saying was you could get a Nail and a screw in the same place,” an older man said to the guffaws of several others.
After the annual viewing of "It's a wonderful life" Charlie decides it's time for gifts and Dean can barely contain his excitement. After seven hilarious gifts, Dean figures there's a theme. Well, there's always a theme to Charlie's gifts. Last year was somethin' dorky like "Let there be light!" He and Cas got a Clapper outlet adapter, and this year it looks like the theme has something to do with what Cas would call "adult novelties''.
“Yeah, ‘they stopped by’. Who the hell do you think came and found me when trouble started? It wasn’t going to be you, was it?”
Meg grabbed Cas by the face suddenly, pushing him up the stairs. “Com’mon, babe. I shook a bolt in my bed loose, you mind fixing it for me?”
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s just for show. Nancy is a good girl. And if the other folks in her faith were even half as good, maybe he’d be able to buy into that whole “spirit in the sky” thing.
Out of breath now, Gabriel shoos the children inside ahead of him. He looks between his mother and Cas with a bemused smile.
“Yeah,” Ruby snorted, “he made a big deal about going down to Austin to talk to the Governor. Fat lot of good it did. But he did punch that Crowley guy in the nose.”
The Chicken Ranch had employed Bess as a cook for as long as it had taken Garth to get brave enough to visit and sweep her off her feet. Since Hannah left to be married, Castiel had had little time for social calls. Someone had to keep the Ranch from falling into disrepair, and Castiel had the experience.
Sam was pretty sure this social worker would have had a bone to pick with John. If seventeen was too young to care for a Sam who was already considering what college he was going to, he was sure she’d have taken exception to an 8-year-old making sure dinner was on the table.
Sam sighed and clutched his stomach. “I know. But we’re gonna have to close the Chicken Ranch.” Dean opened his mouth to argue, but Sam put his hand up, “For now. Just until this blows over.”
“Hey! No phones on the floor!” she jokes, leaning the broom behind the counter next to Max. “What were you looking at, anyway? More Pinterest mommy pages?” She shakes her head, “You don’t even have kids! At least get a dog or something.”
“Yeah. I know it couldn’t have been easy. Crowley seems like an absolute shit heel.” Castiel and looked from the little bonfire Dean had made him out onto the lake.
Cas looked up from the computer slowly. “I’m not going, Dean. I’m with Suzie on this one Prom is for romance.”
While he’s distracted, Castiel mentions lowly, with a small, conspiratorial smile to his mother: “I seem to have stumbled on how Gabriel makes his living.”
Claire nods, tearing up a little and turning her back to him. Cas suddenly feels achingly tired. To reassure himself as much as his niece, he adds: “They’ve assigned Dean and Benny her case.”
The warm buzz he had been generating from the Winchesters’ good company fizzles into a confused silence. He had only just seen her in the staff room a few days ago, pouring herself a coffee and talking to one of the History teachers, Benjamin Simms, about plans for the weekend. And now—
From his booth at Benny’s, Dean can look out over the neat rows of eighteen-wheelers lined up at the stop and watch people turn in for rest or leave to finish their journeys. It’s half-past six in the morning and truckers are spilling out of their rigs in search of a place to take care of the “Three S’s”, grab a hot cup of coffee, and fill their stomachs.
Castiel blinked, panic eating at the edges of his calm. Crowley had tossed out some pretty hefty allegations and had spared no one in Gilbert, least of all him and Sam.
for over a hundred years. And, just today, the Sheriff of Lanville county made it clear that he and the mayor would like nothing better than for this whole story to be swept under the rug. It really makes you wonder,” Crowley said, with a theatrical wag of his finger, “What kind of sway they’ve got with local law enforcement.”
“Poor, little Jesse: Son of Satan,” Abner crows. Then he points a finger at Dean, “And you know what, Dean? Fuck you and your Cactus Cat. It's dumb motherfuckers like you that take away credibility from actual cryptozoologists!”
Sam grimaces, a cold sweat breaking out over his forehead. “Uh. I think I’ll pass, then. I still have nightmares about his meatloaf.”
Castiel blamed the warmth that spread through him on the brandy he had hardly touched.  “This morning, you led me to believe you were a mechanic.”
Inside the trunk sits nothing but a tire iron and an apple box filled with paperback books. Squinting through the dim light, Cas sees they’re all from the
Sam should have known something was up when he had seen his brother and Ash with their heads bent in the parking lot after school that afternoon. Everyone knew if you wanted to blow something up, you went to see “Dr. Badass”. He had worked the fireworks stand every year since he was 10 and kept his dad’s bomb shelter stocked with them year-round.
Cas snorts and lifts himself a bit, withdrawing his dick, making Dean whine. "Turn around then." And Dean does. He sticks his goddamn ass in the air and bites down on the pillow when Cas sinks back into him, the change in position making everything feel somehow fuller.
He had been following the developments at the Chicken Ranch intently, waiting to see how public opinion evolved around that muckraking dog, Crowley.
It was quiet out. The lake was far enough off the main road that you couldn’t hear the cars pass by, just the sound of crickets chirping to each other under a deep purple blanket of stars and the crackle of the fire.
Deputy Garth beamed down at him in his friendly, paternal way. “Hey Cas, have you seen Dean anywhere? He went to get the mail earlier, but now I’m thinking he’s taking another one of his late lunches.” He put his hands on his hip in a slightly disapproving fashion that made Cas smile.
Sam thought that their squabbling was probably another one of those supernatural pissing matches and so he listened outside, peeking in occasionally from in the hallway rather than going into the office to join them. As he listened though, he realized that they weren’t talking shop at all.
He picked up his hand and Dean looked away so he wouldn’t have to watch Cas pull the ring off his finger. He only turned back when Cas pressed it into his palm. When he turned to leave, Dean grabbed his arm. He wanted to tell him to keep it. To ask him out properly. Hell, he would have killed to have been able to say “goodbye”. He couldn’t do it over the lump of terror in his throat.
There was nothing in the refrigerator but a half-empty box of Mongolian Beef from the Chinese restaurant three blocks over. Castiel’s stomach growled and he tried to remember the last time he had gone grocery shopping. He couldn't. In any case, there was still the Mongolian Beef, and it was better than nothing. He’d have to eat it cold because he had nearly burned his apartment down trying to reheat his cup of coffee (with the spoon still inside) and so no longer owned a microwave. There hadn’t been time to beat himself up over it. Castiel had been working day and night for two weeks on a set of illustrations for a witch out in Boise and the last few nights had gone by in an especially inky blur. He finished around three that morning and promptly passed out at his desk.
Dean’s stomach hurt from laughing. He could see Cas wandering around, cursing under his breath when nothing happened.
Yes. I was looking for reference materials, but I’m not going to be able to take any of this seriously.
It isn’t her fault. While Naomi is not the most affectionate mother, she is the most affectionate member of the Old Novak Family.
Castiel tossed off his shirt, seconding the motion by saying, “The fish are staying cool, Dean. Who am I to argue?”
Jody walks up to Dean, Ash, Lee, and Gadreel zip tied for the sake of fairness. She looks down at Dean, “Don’t you have a date to get ready for?”
The man moved slowly towards the car and then, jerked suddenly, lunging for the gun. Surprised, Castiel pulled the trigger, and the shot whizzed past the man and through the dumpster behind them. “Fuck!” The man shouted. “You could have hit me! Give me that!” He lunged again for the gun but, being perhaps incredibly unlucky if recent events were anything to go by, slipped on some ice in the parking lot. Afraid that someone would be along shortly to figure out who shot a gun off in the middle of the day, Castiel tossed the old thing into a nearby snowbank. He then scooped the poor, unconscious stud up into his arms, buckled him safely in the passenger's seat, and sped off toward the mountains.
Dean would laugh if it were anyone else. If he knew Cas less. “You lookin’ for proof ‘we’re not alone’? That it?”
Dean loves every second of it. He laughs until he cries when Benny gets something called a “Balldo”. He doesn't even know what it is at first. Garth tries to jump in with the assist which only makes things worse (for Benny, worse for Benny. The rest of the room is in stitches).
She walked past them and Charlie noticed a man with messy black hair with his arms folded in the doorway. He was watching the exchange with one eyebrow quirked.
helping Dean keep his mind off of the ranch in the slightest, smiled tightly and said, “Too bad this stuff’s not in the news.”
“Looks like you’re going to get that teacher of the year award after all, Clarence. But you’re not gonna like how.” Her red lips tilt down into a slight frown. “They found Ms. Sunder dead in her apartment just a little while ago.”
“She’s right, Clarence,” Meg said, coming up behind him for a hug, “You’re definitely filling me with the Holiday Spirit.” Castiel nearly dropped the glass ornament he was holding.
“Nah, and you aren’t gon tell her either,” Benny says, laughing. “In for a penny, in for a pound, Brother. I’ll eat them all myself.”
Sheriff Jody Mills stands with her pistol. “Alright, you jackass better drop those weapons and put your hands where I can see them.”
There’s enough light now that Dean can see out along the flat expanse of dry earth and bramble beyond the intersection. He loves the wide, quiet desert and the small town that had settled into it so much that, after only a few months there, he bought a business and a little home on a hill where he could look out over it all.
Charlie learned that the Chicken Ranch got a range of customers from simple farmers, to the business owners of gilbert, to Congresspeople all the way in the state capital, to dumb kids looking for a good time.
Sam watched as his brother jerked up suddenly and then tried to settle back into a nonchalant pose. It happened every time he saw an interesting road sign. He’d mention it as if he were just making conversation, even though it was rare that John could be persuaded off course for a tourist trap.
Some nights, when spirits are high and hearts are light, they’ll topple onto each other laughing and wrestling for no other reason than to get as close as they can; Kissing, biting, even licking to pull surprised snorts from each other. Dean will sit on the bed and blow Cas standing.
It’s early, and it’s only grudgingly he opens his eyes at all. He has to take Baby home and pick up his dog Miracle before work, but he doesn’t feel like he has the strength to do much more than to stare into the hateful emptiness beside him in the bed.
Carver Edlund, or Chuck Novak as his family knew him, reminds Castiel of a depressed Cocker Spaniel with sad, watery eyes and a gentle whine in his voice. But, as pitiful as his father is, and as underwhelming as the response to his novel series has been, Cas figures he should “throw that old dog a bone” and let him know that someone out there not only
“Don’t trifle with me, Rainbow Bright,” He retorts with a glare. Then, his face mellows, and he says, with almost uncharacteristic gentleness, “I would be terrified of angels.”
“I’m glad I listened to you and had Bobby order whatever parts he thought it needed. It runs so much nicer and he says I won’t have to worry about much more than tune-ups until the brakes or tires start to go. And
“Then, with all these vehicles, it’s a parade, not a demonstration. And you don’t have a permit for that. Which is fine by me. I’d rather write one ticket to you than spend an hour writing about 10 tickets for all these other guys.”
Wiping down menus, Meg nodded to the drawer where her boss kept an ancient pistol. Crowley considered it insurance against nighttime burglaries, but neither Meg nor Castiel believed it would actually fire. Castiel doubted that the gun was even loaded. “You want me to take them out for you instead?”
“I know this seems a little extreme,” Henriksen says sympathetically. “But if you had seen the condition in which we found Ms. Sunder, you’d agree that it’s better to be safe than sorry.”
Anna is a painter. Stifled by the lack of art scene in Lawrence, she left home early to experience more interesting places. Out in the wild blue yonder of Topeka, Anna met another painter and married him.
Charlie looked down at her hands, wondering what she was going to do after she had stayed a few nights at the brothel. What if Dick Roman put her on some kind of list? Would she have to change her name again? Was she really safe or was the old-time aesthetic of Gilbert throwing her off?
If he gets out of bed right now, he’s going to sit in front of a computer for several hours. If he gets out of bed right now, he’ll have to contend with the fact he still has writer’s block. He knows what the problem is, but not where to start. Picturing Benny naked just wasn’t cutting it, and there wasn’t much life experience to draw from. After all, the last time Castiel had tried to date seriously was when he was seeing Balthazar.
Novak. For once, he leaned into his boring image and said primly, “Gabriel, this is Dean. Dean, this is my brother Gabriel.”
Castiel chuckled, taking Dean’s hand and pulling him closer. “I like a lot of things, but sneaking around with you in the afternoon is my greatest pleasure.”
As they drove off, he snickered as he watched one reporter threw his phone down on the concrete in frustration.
is a pillar of the community,” Sam clarified, giving Dean a firm look. Dean gave an agreeing sound around his burger and Sam continued, “The Chicken Ranch is a building, just a-a ‘piddly-squatting old-time country place’.
Okay, listen here. Take a break and go listen to this song. I didn't wanna break the drama up for this scene but IT'S FUCKING GOLD. Probably the best dance number in all cinema.
The lull in vibration was a trap! Dean's asshole got rocked with a rolling bounce of pulses like shallow that increased in intensity before dropping out to start the build-up all over again.
Just then, Alicia knocked on the archway. “Sorry to interrupt, but the deputy’s here for you, Sheriff.”
He looked back at the house. They really were going to be holed up in there like— “Ah! The Shining! That was the movie!”
“I don’t know, Lily.” Jody said with a teasing wink over the top of her hand of Gin. “That Winchester boy’s been poking around here a lot more than usual. Only a matter of time before he infects Cas.”
“What? Really?” Castiel turned to help Dean out of his coat to hide the faint tint of embarrassment. “Guess I must just be special. Huh, Cas?”
“They can’t have aged well, and they weren’t all that great to start with. I don’t think I got further than the first book.”
“Dean, I was always happy just being in love with you. But in the back of my mind, I wondered if I was holding you back from something.”
Inais, who was holding the ladder, looked out the window too and said, “Red Dodge Dart. Anyone we know?”
Dean looked down at Crowley cooly. “Those folks are part of an institution that’s been there since before there was a Texas, I think. I wouldn’t be surprised if your grandpa took your dad out there at some point.”
Dean was moping. Ever since their dad died, he had taken to tuning up and detailing the Impala whenever he was upset.
Dean takes a sip of black coffee and grimaces, grabbing hold of the little bucket of creamer and sugar. Nancy puts her hands and her ticket book on her hips and looks at Dean and Sam expectantly.
Cas tilts his head, bemused. Given Meg could only really stand about five people at a time, their list of shared acquaintances was short. The only one on that list with news that might interest him is Balthazar, and Castiel knows nothing’s going on with Balthazar that wasn’t
Cas moves slowly at first. He chuckles to hear an interesting tack of the balls on the clacker. The pace picks up gradually, Cas making up for the lack of speed with raw power. Each thrust making Dean grunt from the force.
Cas looked back out over the lake. “I didn’t know your dreams were still that big. The people really do like you though.” Cas offered him a small smile.
So, not believing that he had accomplished anything of note, he replied, “It’s nothing, really Becky.”
“Yup.” Dean brushed away tears of laughter. “This one’s got a mouth on him when you wind 'em up. So then we went back to his place and the rest is history. Sweetheart, pass the butter.”
Castiel’s weekends have become a taste wasteland. Dean brings over some baked goods on Friday for Cas to carefully ration through Jack’s attempts at cooking dinner Friday, Naomi’s efforts to lower Chuck's cholesterol with bland food on Saturday and Sunday dinner with the Winchester/Singer/Campbells who burned everything and had a habit of substituting side dishes with whisky shots.
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think Crowley was coming on to him. It was almost as if he were trying to impress him with how much of a dick he could be. Dean clenched his jaw and tried to tamp down on the irritation that percolated through him.
He looked down the porch to a little spot where he remembered sitting that night. Castiel had been glad to watch the Angels dancing beautifully in the light from the paper lanterns overhead. He admired their confidence, how they smiled, how energy flowed through their bodies as they talked or danced.
Sam mulled it over for a second before nodding. “Would explain why he was so good with the tractor tire in the gym.”
Sam scoffed and looked suspicious, but said nothing about it. “If you’re in a hurry, I could ask him for you?”
Distracted by the Marshmellowy goodness of the Yam, Dean said, “My son’s getting his masters over there.”
“She must be going soft. I told her she could have got ten easy,” Hannah jokes. Then, more thoughtful, she adds, “Take a lot of pictures, Cas. I’m sure your friend would like to see you work a butter churn.”
flavor, Castiel.” Her features smooth back into her cool smile. “Little lovesick Castiel and his beefcake artist boyfriend. I think it’s going to be a hit.”
He almost hoped that would be the case. Dean wanted to get a good look at the guy who could make the whole world stop to count peanuts.
“He didn’t mean it.” Jack insisted. Castiel didn’t look at him but closed the drawer on the photo. Jack advanced and hugged him from behind. “He didn’t mean it, Cas.”
No one had expected that. Least of all Cas. Gabriel looked about ready to crow at Michael and Lucifer’s sour faces. Dean got an idea and clapped his hands together.
From the back door of the store, Dean can see the roar of the oil drum fires and the shadows of people dancing on the walls of the warehouse and over discarded casino signs. Poorly played folk music comes out over the speakers of an old 80s style boombox. It’s loud enough to be carried about a block, but not loud enough that Jody Mills would get called down to tell them to keep it quiet. The warehouse kids know where the line is.
“Here, Cas, I know I said I’d text you, but I thought this would be better.” He hands the book to Cas and then lifts his beer to Dean, “Congratulations on your book, dude.”
When he doesn’t let her go right away, she pats his back. “Dean? I’m not leaving for, like, another month.”
It isn’t much of a nod really, wouldn’t register as movement at all if Cas hadn’t been looking for it. But he
That was when the shorter boy, Dean, noticed him. He approached Castiel on bowed legs and leaned against the counter. The boy who came in with him muttered something and rolled his eyes.
“Not my fault half of Joshua wants a copy of my book,” Dean says, folding his arms across his chest.
Dean tilted the brim of his hat up a little so he could see down the road where a group of people were congregating.
Ellen frowns suddenly, looking around. “Speaking of, where’s Miracle? Don’t tell me — Dean, we’re all booked for the night! This holiday’s been real busy!”
“And also,” Hester says watching the family home grow larger in the distance, “We need someone to taste test. It’s between Anna, Rachel and I. If you pick me I’ll give you fifty shares.”
The man in the peacoat crouches to his knees to hug Miracle, who sniffs him excitedly. When he stands again, he presses a button on his key fob and the door of his black minivan opens.
Cas was right, dinnertime was a complete riot. Everyone was shouting obscenities and throwing dinner rolls at each other. They were mostly smiling and half drunk. Dean couldn’t tell if they were seriously fighting or not.
Regardless of whether a warm body occupies the space, Naomi sees that the table settings are fresh each week.
Dean shook his head. "I have what I need to fix it at Bobby’s. Can't fix yours though without ordering paint.”
“Yet!” Gabriel says, jabbing his finger at his brother, knocking into his mother a little. “Would it change your mind if I told you they’re already lubricated? and Ribbed?”
Dean shrugs, pulling a shopping basket off the line near the entrance. “What can I say? I’m used to going to the store for your fancy tofurkey garbage now. I might as well go to the store for your organic milk too.”
. He falls back on his tried-and-true excuse: “Jimmy told me you killed us off in the fourth volume. I still haven’t forgiven you.”
Dean leans against the counter while Jo pulls up his information on the computer. Cas wanders over to the vending machine to have a look. He tilts his head to the side, frowning.
“Why?” Dean asks, tossing his napkin onto his empty plate. “Isn’t it basically her job to help you through stuff like that?”
Change is good though, he reminds himself. He could hardly expect her to stay at Benny’s, making minimum wage, just to make Dean’s mornings more comfortable. And the kid she had been training for the last two weeks, Dirk, seemed
Castiel tucked himself deeper into Dean’s side. “You know Dean, I wasn’t raised with religion. Unless you count 4th quarter reports as a secret gospel or something. But I do believe in UFOs,” he said solemnly.
He puts his knees on the bed on the outside of Cas’s legs and crawls into his lap. He hooks his right arm around Cas’s neck and pulls him in for a kiss, his left guides Cas to the small of his back.
what’s happening. Cas has just met his entire family. Dean looks over to where Cas and Sam seem to enjoy the pleasant conversation and nods, breath returning to him. He’s brave enough to answer, “Yeah, I guess it is.”
, he shifted until the plug brushed against his prostate again. His entire body seemed to vibrate like he had stuck a fork in an electrical socket. He quickly pulled away with a hiss.
She was right, of course. Whatever relationship they shared had only developed after Lisa told him about the baby. It was in his own best interest to continue to be a good friend and let her go. And he did, even though it devastated him.
A good number of things happened inside of Dean. He went white-hot, incandescently angry one second and the next, heartbreak and the fear of disappointing Cas poured over it like a bucket of ice-cold water. His skin prickled painfully.
“Well, back during the depression, things were hard.” She laughed, “We were taking chickens in leu of payment. Things were
“Well, welcome home, Cas,” Bobby says with a paternal smile. Then, looking at Dean, he says, “Get some sleep, will ya? I’m exhausted just looking at you two.”
“That’s a shame. You would look good in a suit.” Castiel said, surprising himself. He tried to recover by adding, “very professional,” but the damage was done and Dean’s ears were decidedly pink. Castiel waited to see how Dean would react to the flirtation. It wasn’t for show but Dean didn’t seem repulsed by it. Castiel was starting to suspect that Dean might be a little curious, or at the very least flattered by the attention.
Dean had almost gotten suspended for fighting over the last one. The only thing Bobby had said to that was a grumbled “Idjit” to which Dean grunted in agreement.
They had only got a small taste during spring break. Jack and Claire had over booked themselves that week with study groups and friends that all they could swing was a Friday lakeside barbeque. They got up early and went out to the prettiest lake in Kansas. Dean, Ben and Jack fished until it got hot and Claire had declared it time to swim.
Time marched steadily on.  “I have two hours to either find a man who will fake being in a long-term relationship with me and spend his holiday with my family--”
“Well, Mr. Moneybags, on behalf of my son and his friends: Thank you,” she joked, putting her purse on the reception desk next to him.
As it turned out, the Novak children have only produced six new children between the seven of them. And between Michael and Gabriel never settling down and the gaping holes in the table where Jack and Claire’s parents
“Cas, we brought someone to dinner. If that’s okay?” The blonde said when Cas finally released the dark-haired man.
Something inside of Castiel recoiled sharply. Dean was right, of course. Castiel usually wore that distinction with pride. He belonged to the Chicken Ranch. It was his home. It was his contribution to the community. It was who he was.
A pretty blonde woman waddles out of a sweet-looking brown home ahead, ushering sleepy-eyed children into a dusty white minivan. Sam slows to marvel at her pregnant body. She looks like she’s swallowed a kindergartener but bends over with very little effort to buckle the harness of a car seat. With a wistful sigh, Sam passes the house and rounds another corner.
Dean’s voice dipped back down into a tired, pleading tone, “Look Cas, you’re right. I’m sorry. Crowley may be Satan’s first cousin, but I should have tried harder. I really stepped in it, I know. All I’m asking for is your cooperation so we can all get through this with as little trouble as possible.”
A cute-looking waitress put the biggest-looking burger, shake, and fry combo down in front of Charlie whose stomach gurgled expectantly.
Hearing the echo of Gabriel’s laugh, Castiel shakes his head and sighs. “That’s him. Back before we fell, he and James had made some sort of sports bet. When he lost, he had to take the form of an infant, I don’t remember why, and we lost track of him in the hospital.”
Suddenly there’s nothing Sam wants more in all of creation than to see his brother happily settled in a relationship.
“Nah, you tell them what you’re doing and they’ll be beggin’ you to just throw their asses in jail.”
Dean’s phone rings, the chorus for the YMCA breaking the silence between them. Dean fumbles for his phone muttering, “Shit. Sorry. It’s Benny,” and gets up to take the call outside in the alley, away from the noise of the bar.
Cas’s sleep pants tent and relief floods through him, each nerve-ending burning with a familiar, urgent want. He skates his own hands down his body towards his cock sighing into the first few pumps of his swelling erection.
Cas sighs, hoping to find something he can use. But staring at all these handsome actors forces him to ask questions like: just how hairy
“Yeah,” He said with a tight nod. “They say you have to be some sort of cut to make it. You have to cheat and twist people’s words, kneecap them like Crowley does. But I don’t believe that. I think an honest guy could win.”
Benny’s door slams closed, and Dean watches him walk over to the walk-up window to order his favorites. The police scanner chatters quietly in the car.
Sam decides they’ll all eat outside on the patio. Cas puts on ‘Houses of the Holy’ and they break bread together in the dying light of Easter.
“Well, it’s a good thing you got here when you did or you’d be shit out of luck finding a table for your big night. Pam says it’s gonna get busy here, and that woman’s half a psychic. I swear, she feels it in her bones or something.”
He sat down with a heavy, pleased sigh and booted up his computer. A couple of hours passed without particular note and Dean started to wonder if this was such a good idea. He knew Cas was busier than usual. Maybe he should have waited for--
He leaned against his desk, looking at the map on the wall and all the places he’d put his little green tacks. Some tacks made him recall daring adventures and comely strangers, and some were painful reminders of how senselessly unfair life could be. He wishes he could reach back in time, maybe use the CB that sat under the map on a speaker stack, to tell all of those Deans to “hang in there”.
A little more than a year breezed by before, like a bolt out of the blue, Dean’s one-night stand with an EMT came back to bite him.
Curiosity gets the better of him, though. He clicks the link. All that comes up is the “About Us” page of the website.
By the time Dean got to his office, excitement and anticipation zipped around inside his body. The plug inside of him felt heavier and his body pulsed and squeezed around it.
Cas knew they should play it safe, do their part to put an end to this plague, and so he racked his brain to find an answer.
a television. If it wasn’t for Dean’s endearingly belligerent way of making suggestions, Cas would have seen none of the cultural staples like Star Wars or Scooby-Doo.
There didn’t seem to be enough clothes for two people. It really wasn’t a premeditated kidnapping. Cas looked up at him curiously, blue eyes almost black by the dim light in the room. His aftershave was heady. His plush lips were parted and his hooded eyes were nearly closed. Dean had never wanted a kiss more in his life. He leaned in, savoring the slow drag of movement, heart pounding in the tips of his lips.
“Yeah. I may not be an angel anymore, but they made my vessel in heaven. I could feel it the second I touched you the first time.”
When he got to the landing, he found himself overburdened and miserable. He couldn’t stay alone in the house tonight. He would leave for Austin immediately. Castiel picked his suitcase off the bed and started for the door.
Dean’s jaw clenched. He wasn’t going to answer, and Castiel found he didn’t really care to confirm his suspicions.
He focused on his breathing, willing himself away from the edge despite the screaming urge to orgasm untouched.Cas leaned his head back in his chair and closed his eyes, enjoying himself as the sensations shifted into something less intense and more variant.
to say he looked lonely. Two was a coincidence, three is a pattern. Dean tries not to think about the sting building in his nose or the matching one in his chest. He isn’t sure if it helps or hurts more that they remind him what the feeling is called, all he knows for sure is that it’s a lot harder to deal with sober.
Cas shoots Dean an exasperated glare. To Mary he says, “Please don’t tell my mother about this yet.” Mary frowns at the request, obviously disapproving, but nods.
They stare at each other, taking it in. Cas looks down onto Dean's freckle dusted body in the light of the bedside table, green eyes glowing, whole aura vibrating in anticipation. Dean looks up at his man's strong body, his blue eyes almost black in the low light, naked adoration making him want to squirm.
Cas meets him at the gate and greets him with, “Hello, Dean.” Then, noticing the band-aid on his neck, he looks alarmed.
He doesn’t have to wait long. Almost as soon as he takes a seat at the nearest table, the Chief of police knocks on the door jamb.
Dean shrugged but offered nothing more, so Cas undid the handcuffs. “I hope those weren’t too tight,” he said, fingers brushing along where the handcuffs had lightly bit into the flesh of Dean’s wrist.
The winter-bash was an anniversary of sorts. It wasn't a romantic story. He and Cas had done some chickenshit dancing around each other for as long as they had known each other. One winter-bash they both had one too many purple-nurples and spent the next year having sex on nearly every surface of their apartments (and in the cars, and that one time in the supply closet at Dean's place of work when he was on his break) before Cas finally nutted up for the both of them and told Dean that they were in love.
A sharp stab of panic races through him as he realizes: “I’ll have to tell Claire. Ms. Sunder was her homeroom teacher.” Sam winces and pats Cas on the back sympathetically. At Saint Abigail’s, homeroom teachers were assigned to a class, and stayed with them until they graduated. The kids who had Ms. Sunder as an English teacher liked her, but the girls in her homeroom considered her a second mother.
The barrier crackles and then fades away. Styne falls lifeless to the floor, right beside the small iron ball that fell out of him. The miniscule piece of iron smokes intensely and a single rune glows hot for a few seconds.
The alarm then stops for about five seconds before it sounds again. Dean can see that there are now two blinking dots in Australia.
The Church then approached different groups—religious, ethnic, scientific, government, and the Mage Association—to help cultivate the fragment into a true receiver connected to the Root. In a span of a decade their Greater Grail was ready, and there has been three stateside Holy Grail Wars since.
“Don’t worry, I don’t think he saw.” She turned down the hall toward Castiel’s room rather than toward her own. Once inside, she set him down on his bed.
Dean nods, standing. “Claire wanted to come to the station, but she’s safe at Jody and Donna’s so I told her to just come to the house tomorrow.”
She snorts a laugh at a joke Max makes, pulling Dean out of his thoughts. He watches for a bit, grabbing another box of product for the shelves, as Claire and Max chat happily. Their hands are moving about as fast as their mouths, so Dean has no reason to complain. Balancing the box on his hip with one arm, he uses the other to pull out his cellphone. He makes a note of the hours for the pet store in town and then closes the browser, embarrassed. Claire catches sight of his cell out of the corner of her eye.
“We would also like to maintain our reputation for discretion. So, if you see someone you recognize…”
Dean nods his head in an easy, friendly way. He wishes he could say the same. He and Cas hadn’t really talked much about family. Dean figured it was because he had little in the way of one outside of Sam, so didn’t think to ask about Cas’s. From the prickly way Cas is standing, though, he realizes Cas hadn’t offered any information either.
Dean hangs up and runs his finger over his baby brother’s face on the caller ID before the phone pulls up the home screen. Twenty-five different emotions swirl along the underside of his skin. Unfortunately, Dean only knows a handful of them by name. The phone goes black while he tries to parse them out.
Dean tries to fight him off and can't help the giggle that bursts out of him. Cas's huffing a laugh too as they smack each other, half wrestling in the back seat. Finally, though, Cas has him and tosses him out of the Lincoln and into the field. He gets back in the driver's seat and locks the door.
“Illustrating, Michael, I illustrate for people,” Castiel said with a sudden flash of lightning in his eyes.
of him, he knew that. They were friends, the closest that either of them had ever had. They loved each other. But Castiel never had the courage to hope it went much deeper than that for Dean.
“No shit? Same county as the Chicken Ranch?” She smirked, “You got a membership card or something you wanna make sure it’ll be good this time next month?”
Cas scans Dean’s bookshelves, recognizing that Dean’s favorites are proudly sitting on the top shelves, including leather bound copies of paperbacks he already owned. On the bottom shelf, to Cas’s surprise, is the Supernatural series and a suspicious collection of magazines peaking out of black plastic sleeves.
Charlie sat in the corner with her laptop open, but she wasn’t doing much on it. The Wi-Fi sucked for one and, for two, the locals kept stopping by to welcome her to Gilbert.
Castiel sat up to greet Dean with a kiss as he approached the bed. “I got something new to wear, it came in the mail today. Would you like to see?”
“Probably come visit more,” She replied honestly. “Besides my mom and gramma, he’s the only family I have. He seems happy and I don’t want anything to ruin it.” She slowed down as the lights of oncoming cars got larger ahead. “Not sure how I can help right now, though. I’d love to give him the money he’d while he was closed, but I can’t. Novak Corp hasn’t always been on the right path, but my dad and I’ve pulled it out of the shit pit a little. That’ll all fall apart if I stop playing by the rules and prostitution
“Fair enough. Hey, Sammy? Eileen’s got a good head on her shoulders. She’ll come around. Besides, you’ve been out of the game for years and, to be honest, Joshua ain’t exactly hoppin’ with cases. Ghost every now and again.”
It doesn’t pacify Dean; only seems to agitate him more. Cas scrubs at his face and leaves his head in his hands, asking God for guidance.
About an hour later, Castiel steps through the back door of his family home and locks it behind him.
“I came here to talk to you about what’s going on at the chicken ranch. This guy Crowley’s been leaving out some of the facts.”
Dean feels like he’s going to burst. His sigh comes out as a sharp, desperate whimper as he slides his hands down to loosen Cas’s buckle. He undoes the button, unzips Cas’s pants, and frees his dick from the front slit in his boxers. Cas breaks the kiss to put his head on Dean’s shoulder, groaning as Dean strokes him. He kisses what he can of Cas’s temple as he fumbles with his jeans.
Cas undoes his tie and tosses it on the chair with his coat. Dean’s flies in the air next to Castiel’s face, hits the chair and drapes itself next to Cas’s.
Benny is a handsome, blue-eyed southern gentleman, a bit older than Cas and Dean were and had been Dean’s partner since his first day.
Dean sighed, pushing closer to the front. He hoped to disappoint Suzie with how well he peacefully defused the situation. Cas was right, the last thing he needed to do was lose his temper.
Sam looked pleased, the tips of his lips flattening into a barely contained smile. “Cas finally invited you to Thanksgiving?”
After a beautiful, breathy rendition of “Sweet Child of Mine,” Dean kisses his forehead and says in a low, sleepy voice. “I love you.”
A grin explodes over her face, and she rewards him with a hug. “Thanks, Dean. And don’t forget to talk to him about Moondoor this summer!”
was the right call. Public opinion of the Chicken Ranch was better than it had ever been, but Dean being the sheriff and having a thing with the Big Cheese of the very illegal whorehouse operating just outside town was bound to raise
He went the opposite way, passed open cow pastures and the turnoff to the lake. When he was about five or ten minutes outside of town, he pulled into the driveway of a small, blue house with a clean dirt yard.
Nancy misses the diner some days. It isn’t so much the job itself that she misses, it’s the people. Her boss, the noise, the stories from tired, grouchy old men, and the view. Benny’s diner always had the best view of the desert.
Dean rolls his eyes and jams his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket. “No, that’s not the problem.”
When Cas finds a rest stop, Garth signs off. Dean doesn’t linger long after, even though he wants to. When he hangs up the receiver, he looks back at the map and takes puts another blue pin in Lebanon.
Dean grunts, practically vibrating with exhaustion. It had been a long day and Cas doubted Dean slept much the night before.
“It isn’t surprising the Aggies won,” Jack said through his bite of mashed potatoes. A bad habit he had, no doubt, picked up from Dean. “The Longhorns haven’t won a Thanksgiving game in years.”
Dean frowns as he steps out into the cold, dark winter night and puts his key in the door to lock it. They had just finished
He looks up toward Heaven in askance, “I’m too afraid to tell Celeste I have a mild case of writer’s block.”
John Winchester’s bounced through conversations like tumbleweeds or chip bags on the highway. Dean recounted rare sight-seeing trips while he and Cas are tucked away in quiet moments under the stars. He confesses to the heartbreak of old arguments in the soft, safe silence of the dark of the motel room.
Castiel put his wallet back into the pocket of his tan trench coat, shivering a little at the fresh blast of air conditioning overhead.
He is glad to know that his brother and his... Cas, get along together, but Dean’s hands ache to reach out and touch Cas like he normally does. He isn’t sure where to put them with a tag along.
It was getting late and there was one cookie left on the plate. Castiel picked it up. “Here,” he said, holding it out in front of Dean who looked at it, wide-eyed and curious. “Open.” He didn’t break eye contact as Castiel placed the cookie gingerly in his mouth. Dean’s eyes fluttered shut as he bit down with a soft sigh. Castiel resisted the urge to run his thumb over the slight blush the brandy had created over Dean’s cheeks. He pulled the cookie back and handed it to Dean.
Heavy Christmas smells and tinny music from a radio on the counter filled the air as they came in through the front door. He hadn’t realized how long they had been out on the pond for or how hard they had been playing until his stomach growled painfully. Dean offered to hang their coats up and Cas obliged him, shrugging off the coat. He stopped in the doorway of the kitchen and asked Gabriel if there was something for him and Dean to piece at before dinner.
Jack looked around the table and then said as lightly as he could, “We were hoping Dean’d be here to meet Claire. Is he going to stop by later?”
“This shit stain stole from us.” The trucker points over the shoulders of two larger girls and Claire, to Jesse who’s standing stock still with tears in his eyes.
Jo leers at Dean, who’s trying his level best to keep a neutral face. “Why don’t you buy one and find out?”
“Hey, yourself,” Max teases. “That Aura of yours is absolutely dazzling. I take it Sam finally told you him and Eileen are getting a place.”
A jolt of ancient heartache travels through him in a tingly wave of goosebumps when his eyes catch on the words “Winchester Surprise”. He pulls the strings on his hoodie to close his body as if it’ll protect him from the sudden chill and the sound of a casserole dish shattering against a wall.
After rehearsals, Cas locks up and gets into his Lincoln Continental. It’s Thursday, which means half-off burger night at the Roadhouse with Sam and Dean.
Dean held up his hand. He stepped pointedly into Crowley's bubble so that he towered over the other man.
It was hot and the steam from the kitchen seemed to fill the whole diner with the smell of cooking brunch. He was going to meet his family smelling like food.
“Why not? My brother and I went to live with my uncle after my parents died. He had a little farm-for-show in Iowa and I used to sneak out of the house and wander around the cow pasture, hoping that when the aliens came, they’d beam me up too.”
Gabriel turned to answer but something just above Castiel’s head made him snort. Balthazar who was assisting him (by making cocktails to keep everyone in good spirits) pointed. “Don’t look now Cassie, you’re under the mistletoe.”
Dean breathed in, “But… BUT! She said it out loud. And I said “Maybe nothing to you. But I like that hair as it is.” And by then it was too late, the words came out of my mouth like hers did, and I knew I had to come out to Lis then and there.”
Bobby lets loose a dismissive sigh, “Okay, we finished all testing two weeks ago: extreme heat, extreme pressure, blunt force, sub-zero, scratch tests… even brought in Meg for tests against psychic energy.”
Jack picked up the remote and pressed play. He noticed his father was no longer there and deduced he went to the kitchen to probably talk to his other dad and Lisa.
This is what he’s been waiting for. After years of online pre-law classes and Claire teaching him whatever she’s learned from whoever’s training her, it’s finally happening. He’s making his debut.
After pulling off Claire’s last gauntlet, Kaia tries to excuse herself. Tries. “No! Sit down!” Castiel commands her. “You’re her partner and you’re accomplice to this.
He takes a look at his surrounding and sees a cabinet filled with things he couldn’t make out in the partial darkness, old furniture, and two frames on top of a fireplace that looks like it has never been used.
Jack and Berserker hum in agreement. The more allies the better, but if the rogue Servant does prove to be a problem, they’ll have two astonishingly powerful Heroic Spirits to fight against.
“Well, I thought I’d bring it here before Dean sneaks into the lab and steal from me again,” answers the old grump.
A few seconds later, Dean comes in, carrying a small dry box on one shoulder and a black box on the opposite hand. Ash is behind him, pushing a dolly cart carrying a tall cabinet-looking container. And behind him is Bobby, carrying his tablet, squawking at how slow Ash is walking in front of him.
He wonders if his grandpap is still awake. He doesn’t exactly know Jesse’s back in this hemisphere. When he popped in, a flyer of a dog track flew right in his face, and instead of heading straight home, he liberated all the greyhounds that they housed. Now he’s surrounded by them, asleep, just two miles from home. Jesse wonders if his grandpap would like more dogs. About a dozen of them.
Jack is unsure if he could do what Cherub asks. Angel has brought out most of the residents in all affected buildings in blinding speed. The FD hasn’t put out the fire in the first one that burned. And teams from the other cities have now arrive to quench the other ones affected but still, it looks like it isn’t enough.
The bright light reaching its zenith catches Jack’s attention. He sees Cherub fly to a part of the perimeter and hover in the air, between the buildings, first responders, and civilians, spreading her wings. He looks at the people around him; they were all EMTs and victims. None of them will be able to run away in time. So, he follows suit, lets his ability to further enhance others reach out to Cherub, and then they all brace for impact.
In this fic, Rider's (Dean Winchester) and Berserker's (Castiel) shared Noble Phantasm is called "Olani Hoath Ol" or "I love you" in Enochian. It is a NP that aims to recreate the users' many heroic sacrifices to ensure the safety of the world and prove their love for each other. Berserker's manifesting as a pillar of light from the Heavens and Rider's as an eruption of eternal Damnation.
Jesse pouts at him. In an instant the Servant is on the passenger seat, the paper bag now on his lap. “Good news, bad news.”
“Maybe not this weekend?” Jack said and Jesse’s smile falls a little. “Family dinner and my big sister just got back.”
Jack wakes up in his bedroom. The events of last night still stewing in his mind. The first thing he does is call his grandparents and tell them that the summoning was a success. They ask about his servant and he gives them broad strokes, he doesn’t really know anything anyway. He told them he was powerful but left out that he’s a Fallen angel (which he has to research later). And he told them he was from a powerful class and wielded a sword (but didn’t tell them he wasn’t a Saber-class Servant). They wished him good luck and they dropped the call.
3. Hero work in this universe is a non-specialized active-duty occupation. That's why aspiring heroes need a license. More on this in Part 3.
A few mugshots of the handsome man and ground zero images and clips of different fights and robberies appear on the sides of the screen. A supervillain. He wore a mostly maroon, ribbed body suit, with an army green triangle that starts from the shoulders and points towards his groin and the same green piping on the thighs and arms. His black combat boots rise all the way to his knees. And he wore a smooth black helmet with a green spray-painted face of an impala on it. Jack knows this villain well. The media calls him
After a minute or so Kaia comes back with her laptop and opens up the image file. The illustration shows Jack fighting against someone whose face is hidden because of the angle and the pitch-black darkness around them. The brothers stare at each other, wordlessly communicating what to do next.
“That was not a question.” Renee's voice was pointed. “You are not supposed to be fraternizing with the enemy.”
Dean sits up and just stays there, aghast. He does not have the right mental capacity to deal with (probably) government officials and cops, and frigging Frankenstein right now. And he doesn’t want to wear his helmet inside the Bunker.
Man of Letters after all, one of the world’s first Superheroes. Now he’s trying his best to kill less people and save more. Claire smiles to herself, proud of the fact that her father had a hand in the better direction Dean’s headed to.
Angel kicks one man towards what remains of the wall to their left and then blocks the bullets aimed at the Hunter with the wing he used to slap him. “No killing!” Three more unfriendlies remain, including Frankenstein who was leaning on the vehicle.
The previous War was an anomaly. Each of the Servants summoned were Grand-class Servants; the ones at the pinnacle of their class. They said that the Grand Servants can only be summoned if any of the Beasts of Calamity are present and pose a threat to Human Order. And that most definitely happened.
Rowena pauses and stares at Jesse and then looks at Jack with a knowing smile. “Okay, I’ll leave you wee laddies alone,” she says before turning around, possibly back to the Garrison.
Bobby notices him and signals to stop whatever test they are conducting. “Okay, cool it off and then pull it out,” Castiel hears Bobby instruct Ash as he approached them. He is wearing his favorite dirtied baseball cap that is older than Castiel’s children, and his trademarked vest underneath his laboratory coat.
It’s been around local, national, and international news sites since the first clear photo of his father in action circulated the internet. The media thinks it’s his father with outstretched wings but he knows it isn’t. It’s his father’s favorite trench coat, blown by the wind, with the silver short sword in the display cabinet upstairs nestled in the middle. He knows this because he drew it when he was nine years old. His father loved that dirty old coat. The short sword was just his kid fantasies of heroes and monsters taking over.
Everyone else, except for Jack, scoffs at Gabriel. “Oh, please, I can smell hundreds of other women’s perfume on you,” Rowena dismisses.
So here's the second chapter! I enjoyed writing this one as well. We get backstories on the characters and we get to know them and their family dynamics. I hope you all like it!
Charlie rapidly types on her keyboard and looks up at the screen. All other footages except for thermal imaging are replaced by traffic cams. “All traffic is being redirected. No possible escape routes for the next thirty minutes.”
The boy stares at him confused, and then the knobs start turning in his head. “Oh! I am really sorry,” the other boy looks like he was about to cry.
Charlie turns the TV off. She could always watch it online. Genuine conversations were a luxury these days and hard to come by. She nods towards the jars, “A few jars for cheap?”
“Anyway, that’s it for today,” Dean says, wiping a towel over his face. “I’m hungry. Get some showers and let’s have lunch.”
The old friends turn around when Bobby continues talking about whatever is under Ash’s blanket. “We had to repeat all tests when we did your cosmetic specifications.”
Henriksen and Nancy pulls up some chairs from the side of the room and sit. While Dean and Meg each pick something from the weapon’s rack closest to them.
And there was a knock on Jack’s door and he immediately looked up. The door flew open and Dean pressed his lips together, “Time to go to sleep, kid.”
Dean with his free hand took one of his husband’s in his, breaking the wall around the burger. “And I kissed you then and there.”
He pulls the grenade launcher from the Hunter and throws it to the side. “Stop launching grenades at people,” Angel demands, before facing the goon with the sliced throat. He presses his hand on the bleeding wound and it cauterizes in an instant.
Her mentor audibly gulps. “Not blocking them out gets you killed. That’s how I got my father killed.”
He’s not wrong. Dean does feel a little insensitive being reminded as to why they were all together. But it’s been seven years since he and Cas actually sat in a room together this close. It’s always been chance encounters or confrontations in the field.
Before the Clock Tower, Jesse was hunted down by angels for being a Cambion; half-human, half-demon. He had powerful demonic magic and they were threatened by it. He had powers but he had no control over them. Well, that was until he met Flat Escardos who convinced Lord El-Melloi to take him as an apprentice.
Jack rises from his dip towards the papers. “Cool right?!” he says with as much enthusiasm as he did when he and Jesse were discussing their powers last night. “Jesse, can I ask you a question?”
A blonde with long braids and a Biker Barbie vibe bumps into her as she steps out the elevator. She says sorry and the blonde just smirks at her until she disappears behind the elevator doors. When Charlie turns, she sees Clive, brows furrowed with eyes fixated on the elevator.
They met five years ago when Dean managed to track down Kaia somewhere in South Dakota. She and Kaia just met and were hanging out at a Biggerson’s, eating burgers. Dean approached them when they got out of the restaurant and Kaia made a run for it. When Dean tried to follow, Claire’s first instinct was to kick him in the nads. They made their way to the library where Jack was at and she immediately asked him to zap the three of them away. Jack didn’t bother asking why after she let him return the books neatly on the shelf.
In that momentary distraction, Angel did not notice Frankenstein pointing a gun to his head. The Hunter slices off the other villain’s arm before he gets to shoot. But the jerking action still manages to pull the gun’s trigger and shoot at the unconscious man’s thigh as it falls down.
Sam had ordered a salad and both the Servants ordered a burger. He still doesn’t understand Berserker’s insistence on eating but him consuming food would lessen the load of providing energy for the Servant. That’s until he realizes that he ordered a second one not for himself but for Rider, who picked up Berserker’s plate after quickly devouring his own.
“But that doesn’t matter now. I am without a Master. In a few hours I’ll disappear and return to the Throne of Heroes,” she breathes deep.
Jack looks at the bodies in front of him, utter contempt with himself filling every fiber of his body. From the way the paramedic clutched on to the resident, he could tell that until the end, they were trying to save lives. “If only I was a little faster,” he mutters.
When Castiel turns around he sees a short woman with rosy champagne skin and vermillion hair. She’s draped in an expensive satin robe—
was sitting on a squeaky seesaw, partially covered in rust and barely covered with the original red and yellow paint job. He feels the bumps and indentations on the handles, formations that can only be made by years of children aggressively grasping the relatively thin metal, and the occasional drunk teenager drumming them with beer bottles.
He bids her farewell and walks down the hall to their right. He heads straight to the stairwell at the end of the long corridor with the curtain wall overlooking the front entrance. There’s an elevator back in the main lobby but he prefers walking the hallways because of the different multi-cultural and occult artifacts Bobby has displayed throughout the facility.
Then everything turns red. Every alarm in the Bunker goes off and the entire building is washed in crimson light. Every rune etched on the hallways and every post burn bright. The map table lights up and somewhere in the Northern Territory of Australia, a large red circle blinks rapidly. Castiel is clutching on the table, he isn’t in pain, but he feels a sudden rush of energy, he’s feeling overwhelmed, and it drains him.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jack Kline!” Pastor Jim says, holding out his hand to Jack. He takes it and shakes it a good few seconds. His namesake grandfather has always told him that a firm handshake is a testament of character.
The young Master doesn’t know what that exactly means. But the way this Angel of the Lord spoke, averting his gaze, and now acting sheepish… Jack thinks this means Castiel no longer has the Authority that a member of the Heavenly host should possess. Which means, Castiel is not a proper Celestial being.
Jack had studied the fossil for countless hours back in the Academy. He found out that it was from an angel from the First Sphere of the Holy Host. He doesn’t know which Choir though but the idea of summoning a Divine Spirit as a Servant appealed to him. He might even summon a Saber-class Servant. He can see no other class fit for a powerful Angel.
“You must be Jesse,” Castiel said. Smiled and he turned to reenter the house but stopped halfway, “Jack, dinner’s almost ready. Better head on in.”
When Frankenstein sees the perimeter around him, he laughs maniacally, and a police officer with a raised gun approaches him. “You don’t want to do this, officer,” he says to the approaching cop.
Sam breathes, “The Purgatory Incident set off a daisy chain of Enhanced-related events the next three years. One of which are two very powerful unidentified Supers that duked it out in Iraq. Any military force that approached were either swallowed by darkness or obliterated by pure white light.”
“Oh okay,” Jack nods. “You also have the same Noble Phantasm, it would definitely confuse the other pairs too. I wonder what this Charlie’s Servant could do.”
The Hunter aims his grenade launcher and shoots, perfectly capable of using it with just one hand as if recoil doesn’t exist.
Then they hear screaming and realize it’s coming from the dungeon. They run and are met with the dead bodies of the two police officers and one of Henriksen’s men, lifeless husks completely drained of bodily fluids. Castiel looks at the bodies and sees a rune drawn in blood on the floor.
When a pleasant and relatively strong breeze blows by, he spread his wings and tips them in an angle so he wouldn’t be pushed off by the gusts. He rarely gets to feel the wind brush through his feathers. He loves this feeling, is this what his fath—Angel feels when he’s always on patrol.
, someone whose mind can travel outside of the body when in deep slumber. She wasn’t registered in the Enhanced database, and he only found out when their powers accidentally melded one time. From then on, Kaia’s mind was able to travel more freely than before she met him. Most of the page just listed Kaia’s stats. Except for one disturbing passage.
Eliot Ness was a miserable man. To say the least. When they summoned him he was furious. He kept saying that he was content to remain in the Throne of Heroes and had no plans
“That suit you have on is already worth fifty-million. With your government salary…?” Bobby scoffs and then smirks at him. “Plus, this is already paid for!”
Jack hugged his pillow tight and let the light from his laptop—No, Jesse—wash over him. “I never imagined I’d enjoy spending this much time with you,” he said.
“Yes, good-looking,” said Jesse, a gummy smile presented on his face. “It’s a date. Good night, Jack”
As the images and files on the two supervillains show up on the large screen, Gabriel decides to break the seriousness of their situation, “Oh, don’t use that word. Someone might get jealous.”
He stands up from the bushes, and wipes his mouth with the handkerchief he brought. He was about to fold it and return it to his pocket but he sees Berserker standing beside a trash bin near the chapel entrance. He throws it in, along with what little waste is to be found in the bin of a nearly destitute Catholic establishment. Most of the Kansas population converted to Protestant denominations or other faiths. Not much support or individual identity in the religion
“Exactly the same age as you,” Sam huffs. “Anyway, I was pretty inexperienced. Luckily Rider and Berserker were there to help me in fights… back when they were alive. I didn’t know any of the other Masters and Grand Archer wasn’t really keen on any Kumbaya business. But the Masters of Grand Caster…”
He then closes his eyes and thinks hard, he needs to go home. How long did Frankenstein have him this time?
Her grandparents thought that her mom was just compartmentalizing, tragically making absurd reasons for Jimmy leaving them. But other than that, they only spoke of Jimmy with nothing but praises and love: saying, up until that point, her father was the epitome of a family man. They eventually left Illinois to start over.
Then the large steel door opens with a metallic whine that only unoiled hinges bring. On the other side stands a tall foreboding man, with high cheekbones and an as deep brow. His long sienna hair collects neatly on his nape.
When the doors opened, Clive squeezes her shoulder before exiting. She vaguely remembers what her dad's hugs were like, but she remembers the warmth and security. And with a simple squeeze, Clive gives him that same assurance. She misses her dad.
2. I intentionally wrote Jack being neurodivergent and Jesse's anxiety in a blink-and-you'll-miss-it way. I, myself, have a neurological disorder. So, I want readers to know that it's a part of them but not the center of who they are. And WE ARE ALL MORE THAN OUR FLAWS, DISORDERS, ILLNESSES, AND INSECURITIES.
“Ease your heart rate bro,” he hears Gabriel say. “Kid, zapped back here. Charlie’s giving him the talk now.”
The boys watched Castiel fade from view. Jesse’s fingers somehow managed to find themselves in between Jack’s and he squeezed.
A loud ringing sounds off in her head and Claire gets pulled away from her memories. “Where are you, Saber?” asks a velvety voice with hints of a Guayaquil accent. Her Master—Renee Mendez.
“Sometimes I forget that you’re telepathic,” he mutters, which earns him a chuckle from her. He breathes in deep. “I will make it up to you,” his wings rustle at his unsureness as to how.
“What connection?” Dean bites. “You mean, Purgatory? Newsflash, Sam, the entire world knows we were both there. Along with hundreds of other supers.”
is leaning on the entrance to the Bunker’s gym. Arms crossed, brows raised up in complete and utter disbelief, he observes his daughter beat up a punching bag.
The Servant had teleported them to the location as soon as Jack finished eating his breakfast. The young Master knew that angels were capable of instantaneous translocation but knowing and experiencing it were two entirely different things.
The man then walks toward them, his pace quickening with each step. Jack is worried, he isn’t ready to fight anyone yet but then he sees the massive smile on the man’s face. The man tackles Berserker with a hug, raises him up, and spins him around.
The Third Magic is what Mage's call the ability to manifest the soul from Akasha, first perfected by the Einzberns. Compared to the First Magic he usually uses, which materializes and conjures physical objects, the Third Magic summons the core and spiritual being of a person.
Some of the files he’s read through were on Heroes and Villains. Codenames were listed there as well.
“Quite the downgrade from Grand Archer don’t you think?” Sam says, cocking his head towards Rider and Jack chuckles.
“He always said that he wouldn’t be as quick to murder like our parents,” Sam says. And then he turns to Claire with puppy dog eyes that remind him so much of her brother Jack.
Now they’re in the motel room that he and the Golem rented for this hunt. He’s been nursing a cup of coffee for the better part of an hour now. The woman just stares at him, waiting for him to start the conversation.
Claire pointed to her phone as soon as she heard Jody’s voice, raising both eyebrows very much like Castiel.
Hello, guys! This is the last chapter that focuses on one specific Servant and the last "short" chapter. After this, the action will finally move further along with longer chapters and insights on the Grand Grail War!
“Do you want me to leave the room so you guys can feel up each other's cores?” Ben teases, returning to his bed and replacing the gun underneath his pillow.
Despite the asinine script, literal darkness when watching, and the ridiculousness of trying to pass 20-somethings as teenagers, Jack unironically enjoyed the show. The character Joaquin’s hair even reminded him of—
Counter Force - The fundamental governing force on Earth that makes sure of the preservation of the Human Order.
floor of the building. One least affected by the earlier blasts. He is horrified with what he sees. Dozens of dead bodies laying around him. None of them suffered burn marks or crushed by falling debris. They were bloodied and showed signs of torture.
Jesse pushes Jack off his shoulder, laughing. “Really, Captain Long Hair?” he quips. “Wouldn’t count that one out yet. A few moms and their kids still call you Golden Boy in their posts.”
Seeing the living room unchanged is one thing, he has to see the rest of the house to know for sure.
Sam calls for him but Dean ignores it. So he runs after his brother, Eileen and Mrs. Butters right behind him.
Jack inspects the man, eyes squinting and his head tilting a little to the side. It doesn’t seem to register to him that the man is doing the same.
Jesse’s eyes widened and his mouth gaped. This is an opportunity he couldn’t miss. “We can watch it together,” Jesse said, his voice rising in excitement.
He pulls up a chair from one of the tables and sits. He gestures for Claire to do the same and she does. Sam breathes in deep, and looks at the framed images, “I never had the stomach for it, you know? The killing and hurting people. Even Henry killed at least one or two people in his career. And I know those people deserved it. Mom, dad, and Dean, they do what they do so those bad people wouldn’t be able to hurt anyone else. They think that prison is much too kind a punishment.
7. If there are more than three (3) characters focused in a certain scene, I'll label it with the location.
She and Kaia met a few years ago. Claire just finished her long hunt for her missing mother and Kaia coincidentally showed up at the same location.
“What did you do that for?!” Aaron asks the Golem when he sees it holding on to two rifles like Rambo.
Claire had to admit that taking down a superpowered international crime lord would definitely earn anyone the title “Super.” Much like how her father was called a
After brushing his teeth he makes his way to the kitchen. That’s where Eileen usually haunts after a hunt, preferring to be surrounded by all the food and drinks that she could want after a possibly stressful job.
Angel looks around and sees a young man in a stretcher, being loaded into an ambulance, his face obscured by long wavy hair and the oxygen mask on him. He assumes that that was Frankenstein’s victim that they just saved. “Affirmative, I’m on my way home.”
Then it happens so fast. A figure covered in a black cloak and skull mask, crashes through the window, pins the man to the floor, and points a bone spear at Charlie and the leather-clad woman. The woman, quick on the uptake, materializes her gun and points at the comatose Master. Was this another Servant?
His grandparents were ecstatic when he video-called them earlier to show his Command Spells. They wanted nothing more than for Jack to get what he wants in life. And he wants nothing more than to be able to meet his parents. And the wish granting machine called the Greater Grail could give him that.
After three grueling months of espionage and brute-forcing his way through a plethora of Nazi-Necromancers, he found out it was a front for the Thule Society. They used it to launder money to their American chapters and partnered contemporaries for funding.
Jack nods with an effervescent smile and his eyes glow gold. His golden-brown wings partially materialize behind him, just enough to be visible yet not fully corporeal. He stretches one wing so Jesse could see his feathers that he so meticulously takes care of. He blushes when the other boy marvels at his most prized possession(?)
The only thing Jack knows of the Purgatory Incident were the broad strokes the media had given and the government chose to publicize. Seemingly indiscriminate kidnappings, organized attack on leading Supers as a distraction, a Venezuelan reporter discovers facility in Puerto Rico, UN sanctioned attack on the facility, and lastly, Angel saves thousands from Purgatory.
“Rowena?” Jack squawks more than he asks, the other two people in the room look at him, “You know the
He then goes to stand beside Cas and put his arms around his shoulder. Cas hasn’t made his wings go away yet so Dean’s careful not to put much weight on him. He wiggles his eyebrows at Cas who’s scowling at him, still hasn’t moved on from the fact that his daughter is in the Bunker.
“And how did that go?” Castiel steadies himself on both feet. “You left after two years and only returned to pick up Jack when he turned fifteen, Claire.”
6. I wrote some references here to other pop media. Some blatant and some written in the mosf subtle way I could.
He closes his eyes again and visualizes his own house. He breathes in deep and he vanishes. When he opens his eyes a second time around, he’s right back in this stranger’s living room.
“Solo! Definitely sold on riding the Millenium Falcon!” Ben said. After a few finger guns at the different decorations and furniture in the living room he turned to Jack. “And you could be Luke!”
The scarred Servant turns to Charlie, threat of hostility evident in his seemingly blank stare. “Heed my warning, dear Master. You
Jack and Ben laughed at the same time. “Nah,” Ben answered. “Mom knew Dean was hella gay for Cass. Was determined to raise me on her own.”
“I swear both of you eat like you’ve never had a proper kitchen growing up,” Lisa said as she filled her plate.
Sam Winchester-Leahy was a Master in the previous Holy Grail War, that's why he doesn't know why the Greater Grail has chosen him once again as a Master for the fourth iteration of this ritual competition. As memories of his late brother and loved ones flood him, will another chance at the wish-granting machine be worth it?
Jack took a sip of his strawberry-chocolate milkshake. “It’s alright,” he said, Castiel’s eyes darting an
“I wouldn’t have done differently given the chance. It was all so you could have a life!” Berserker rebuts, raising one hand towards the endlessly darkening sky. The skies now crackles with raw energy and bursts of silver light appear through the clouds.
“So what do we think of Jesse?” Castiel asked, lifting his husband’s half-eaten burger from its plate across the table.
It’s for this very reason that he hates mages. Witches and shamans he could tolerate, they adhere to codes that are human in nature; survival, worship, devotion, and desperation. Mages, like the Thule, seek power for the sake of power.
“She was there,” Castiel says, turning his already tense body towards the screen. “This complicates things. Charlie, I want a list of detainees and their backgrounds, cross-referenced with other databases for possible relations to Dean or Valentine outside of the Purgatory Incident.”
Dean hears Henriksen laugh and then Sam sighs, emptying his chest. “Lover’s quarrel later. Eileen has Styne in the dungeon.”
And with that, the ringing in Claire's thoughts fade out. She stares at the ceiling, contemplating her next course of action. She reaches up, and with a flick of her wrist a silver and brass, triple-edged longsword materializes in her grasp.
“I will never—Not once in my life—will I ever think that the brother I want back is the version of my brother who killed innocents, who almost killed his own—”
“Well, until that happens, we have this,” Jesse snaps his fingers and his phone appears in his hand. The video of Jack lying on the park is playing and he shows it to Jack.
When Angel looks at the backstreet, Valentine and the Hunter are no longer there. “Angel to Garrison, I need eyes on the rogues.”
Purgatory was the most horrible thing that happened in the past 10 years Dean was active as the Hunter. And Sam knows better than to press further. “How’s Mia?”
