Tony’s expression turned slightly sheepish. “That stunt there didn’t even crack the top five.”
But if Thor’s expressions were anything to go by, then the book indeed did have the power that the Order believed in, which lead to the question, why had it not worked in their hands? Why had they not used the power of the book like they claimed if it indeed had been real?
“Yeah I’m definitely not going to make you angry,” Clint said, trying to alleviate some of the tension in the room. “I’m not going to be blamed for humanity’s enslavement.” With a collective snort the team resumed the film, although five of them were now wondering how else the film was going to make the re-evaluate one of their own.
I don't know where half of the reactions of the team come from sometimes but they make me feel so I hope that they do the same for you!
“Doesn’t that seem a little bit ominous?” Natasha mused.
“Why can’t the villain ever speak clearly? Is it so difficult for them to speak plainly?” Steve huffed in annoyance.
Hope you enjoy!
“Nothing worse than what he went through in the war,” Tony replied.
Upon exiting the elevator he was greeted to the sight of Steve cooking pancakes in an apron that read Sarcasm Is the Ability to Insult Idiots Without Them Realising It. It was things like this that made it increasingly difficult for Tony to hide his feelings. All he wanted to do after seeing that apron was walk up to Steve and kiss him on those perfect lips before proclaiming that he was the only one that understood Tony. Instead he purposely walked into the kitchen determinedly trying to ignore Steve as he went past, going straight for the coffee maker which seemed to already have a cup waiting for him. He decided to chalk it up to JARVIS being one step ahead of him.
Unsurprisingly, the only one who found that statement funny was Tony.
About Steve.
“But then I would have had to clean them and I didn't have time for that.”
I know it's been a while and I want to thank everyone for their patience as I settled into university and completed my first semester, I know it's not always fun to wait for new chapters but sometimes RL has to come first :(
Tony had to give the point to Mary that round for only bailing out Watson. It had been a clever and devious move on her part to be the one to bail him out whilst leaving Holmes behind and that move had helped Holmes’ impression of the women, even if he had never told her that.
“Did he learn how to fight from his time in the service?” Thor asked, his respect for Watson growing as he watched him continue to hold his own.
Steve glared at her, his eyes glancing to Tony before he answered. “I would call it respect for a man who seems to have gone through so much in his life and yet has the courage and will to carry on and make a difference.”
“Of course not! It’s not that I don't trust you guys but nobody has ever understood when I’ve told them before. Every time I told someone it resulted in me getting hurt either emotionally or physically so it just became habit to keep it to myself. After keeping a secret for hundreds of years it’s pretty hard to break that mentality. You guys are the most important people in my life and I couldn't bear to lose you all, it may have been selfish of me but it was the only way I knew to keep myself safe. I trust you all with my life and would die for you all in a heartbeat so don’t ever go thinking that I don’t care about you guys!”
“That actually did happen once,” Tony informed the team, his eyes alight with humour as he remembered that day. “We spent four hours tracking him through London to find him pinned to a wall in a bar being used for target practice.”
“No clue, I mean the man is a bag full of crazy and like he said, he’s the God of Lies and Mischief, can we really trust what he’s saying?”
Thor perked his head up at the mention of his brother’s name, a speculative look passing over his face as though he was wondering how Loki had found out.
“Come on man,” Clint groaned, “you planned that to try and prove a point?”
“What do you mean husbands?” Thor asked, not believing that the fair maiden flitted around from man to man as suggested in the film.
Tony slumped his shoulders, fighting the urge to chuckle since the big guy was only looking out for him. “I have a very active mind and need stimulation. Nowadays I can keep myself in control and occupied due to the change in technology but back then I found that if I had no cases, my mind would go slightly haywire.”
Steve’s eye twitched. Of course Tony would be able to recognise what Irene wore if her reminder at the room they shared was any indication of their relationship.
“I’m sorry.  I know. I didn’t mean it like…” Steve trailed off, dropping his hands from Tony’s arms.  “You don’t want this, Tony. You’re just…you’re…hurting and you’re…I don’t know, trying to forget or—or trying to be someone you’re not, I don’t know, but this isn’t right.  This isn’t you. I—I can’t.”
Neither option sounded particularly appealing, but he did want to look good for Steve tonight.  Well, not
“I mean, that...that sounds,” Tony huffed, sucking in a breath.  “Guess that sounds kind of bizarrely beautiful, I don’t know. Maybe I’m still loopy from your magic finger whammy.  Probably. I don’t know what to think, to tell you the truth. Speechless. Me. Which might be the most surreal part of this.  I’m not sure if I’m grateful or creeped out. Probably both, once I process this. Why’d you finger whammy—wow, that needs work—me anyway? Why not just make my AI play wingman like you did later?”
“Help me!” Jarvis could be heard shouting.  More splashes.  Then, “Grab him! Grab his arms!”
,” Anthony said, coming to stand next to him in a way that made Steve want to reach out.  One thing with having a perfect memory—it rendered nervous breakdowns with complete accuracy, Steve would give it that.
“Uh-huh,” Tony nodded sagely.  “You know, it’s a good thing the public doesn’t get to see the devious, food-stealing side of you, Rogers.  Your image would be crushed.”
“No know word.  Feels right,” Tony agreed, cocking his head to one side.  Steve burst out laughing. Tony couldn’t help but join him.  He wasn’t sure what was funny, but he liked the rumble of Steve’s chest as he laughed and the way his eyes crinkled at the edges and he seemed to make the sound with his whole body all at once.
“I know you were,” Steve replied.  His hands were running over Tony’s sweat-slickened skin, where the gown was sticking to him in places, and lightly picking at it, almost in fascination, before pushing it up just above Tony’s waist, leaving Tony’s cock to jut out between them, red-veined and straining, glistening in the flickering candlelight.  A desperate, mewling sound escaped him.  He needed Steve’s hands on him so badly, the strange and familiar combination of pressure and emptiness nearly overwhelming him.  He lifted his hips in invitation, which was apparently enough, since Steve just shoved his legs apart, bending them up at the knees to expose Tony’s hole where it dripped, slack and slickened, fluttering a bit as Steve pushed his legs even wider.  It should probably embarrass him, Tony thought, but the thought was distant, as if he would have to run too fast to catch up to it.
“Bed,” Tony ordered in a quick, clipped tone as he steered Steve towards the bed.  Steve was three steps toward the edge of the bed before he realized Tony was busily undoing his tunic, pulling at the ties and small, enameled buttons until it gaped under Steve’s throat.
But there was also Watership Down.  A big hardcover that promised all three Lord of the Rings.  Heinlein and Asimov.  Dune.  Bradbury.  Vonnegut.  The Right Stuff.  Neil Armstrong’s biography.  To Kill A Mockingbird.  Catcher in the Rye.  The Color Purple. Even a Neil Gaiman.  His Alpha was eclectic, at least, Tony figured. He should slip an Atwood in a stack and see what happened.
That made perfect sense in Tony’s head, but somehow, when he said the words, they didn’t sound quite right.  He looked up beseechingly at Steve, who dropped down to one knee next to him and cupped Tony’s face in his hands, staring into his eyes with a searching look.
“That’s right.  Not much call for artists once the War got on,” Steve said.  He floated for a few more minutes, then felt one of the tentacles tickle at his hand where it floated next to his side. “Hey, what are you--” he started, rolling a bit and putting his feet down as the creature pushed his hand out of the water and coiled its tentacle around it.  One of the suckers on the end held a small stick that it must have picked up from the bottom, which it shoved between Steve’s fingers. He barked out a surprised laugh.
“He’s already gone back to New York,” Steve told him. “I don’t think he likes it much here.”
.’  Like that was what I was asking you about.  I mean, you tell me that you’re getting married and what you come up with about your future husband is that he’s agreeable to you traipsing off to war when it suits you?  That’s your standard?  You aren’t seriously expecting me to believe this is remotely what you want?”
“You’re beautiful, Tony,” Steve whispered, the words breathy and dazed.
“So,” Steve said, then hissed as Tony’s hand found his nipple and squeezed.  “Tony,” he warned in a low huff.
Tony grinned.
Steve felt his skin flush as he remembered the night at the castle when he had left Tony’s chamber without permission, and Tony brought out the long, thick strap and laid it on the bed next to Steve’s head so he could see it. A shiver ran through him. His cock rose to half-hard under his robes, throbbing with a low, dull ache. He swallowed past the lump in his throat and closed his eyes, breathing out a long, slow breath.
“Better,” Steve said, pushing himself up and reaching down to help Tony off the floor.
His ring.
“Yeah.  Yeah, it is, Tony,” Steve replied softly.  “Sometimes, it’s hard for people to see, even something right in front of their faces.  Guess they just needed the right tool to be able to see what was there all along.”
“Tony,” Steve started.
After that, Tony just started taking small projects with him whenever Steve decided it was time to go “fishing,” and then picking out something like Piranha 3D from his list of Movies With More Fish Than Us to watch after dinner.  It’s all just a relaxing American pastime until someone loses a foot, after all.  Steve rolled his eyes, but managed Jaws, Lake Placid, A Fish Called Wanda, Finding Nemo and The Incredible Mr. Limpet before finally throwing in the proverbial towel at Sharknado, then suggesting they play cards instead. Tony was still rather disappointed in himself that he hadn’t seen Go Fish coming.
“I…well, I think that’s great, Happy.  That he has you, I mean,” Steve responded, wondering what the man was about.  He’d gone from not speaking to him and looking at him like he was worse than a fingerprint on one of his newly minted wax jobs to suddenly sharing observations on Tony’s vulnerable side?
Liked it?  The only way I know is if you click that kudos button and, hopefully, take a moment to leave a comment.  I really do appreciate it.  Fics are a labor of love, but they ARE labor.  Your feedback is what drives me.
“But, it still isn’t quite home, right?” Tony guessed.  “Won’t ever be again, not really.  What’s that saying?  Can’t go home again?  Yeah, I think that’s probably got a lot of truth to it.  Just ‘cause it’s better doesn’t mean there isn’t a loss there, you know?  My life, after Afghanistan, it’s better.  Like you said, in so many ways, it’s so much better.  I’m better.  But, there’s a price for that.  Not saying I wouldn’t pay it, but gets hard being happy about it all the time, you know?  Exhausting.  Having to always be so damned grateful I got a second chance.  Can’t be bitter, can’t be angry, just have to…”
“I’ve got you, Steve,” Tony assured him, pushing a finger deep inside, and that was--oh.  Steve’s mind stuttered to a halt. Warm and full and cold and--he didn’t know. Everything, maybe.  He ground his hips down, chasing the feeling, as Tony added another finger and worked him open while Steve writhed around on the bed, lost, drifting, gone.
“Yeah,” Brock agreed, lips pursing as he nodded and cocked his head to the side and studied Steve.
“Then I block him, no big deal,” Tony shrugged.  “Come on, you’re having fun.”
“I was right!  There was a…fungus…thing,” Tony said quickly.  “That’s just responsible pet ownership.”
“Huh?” Cam said, blinking.
After shutting down his computer, Tony locked up the garage and headed back into the cabin and to his room.  He could hear light movements from Steve’s room, where Steve was probably getting dressed, which Tony wasn’t going to think about.
Steve looked down at the table again, then back over at the King, who was eyeing him with a somewhat perplexed look, the same one that Steve had seen on the King’s face when he had been turning through the pages of the books last night, like he was trying to see something he knew was there, but couldn’t find.  Steve dropped his gaze to the map table, closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them and looked back at the King.
Tony patted the space of sofa next to him, and Steve sat down, stretching his legs out on the rest of the length of sofa as he let his head rest on Tony’s chest.  He felt Tony’s arm come around to wrap around him, drawing a blanket from the back of the sofa over him.  Tony pressed a kiss to the top of his head, and through a kind of hazy fog, Steve could hear Tony murmuring things to him, how beautiful he was, how good, over and over, a hint of amazement underneath the tenderness in Tony’s voice.
“Oh,” Steve gulped.  “Oh.”
“It’s crap if you can’t be smart about who you spout off to.  Like Mr. Stark here, he doesn’t want to hear that kind of thing!  Come on, you know that if you’d played your cards right, they’d have given you another Medal of Honor, but you had to go mouth off at General Sorenson in front of the Congressional delegation.  Don’t give me that thing with the little frown, you know I’m right. He knows I’m right,” Brock finished, turning to Tony. “He just can’t help himself.”
Tony groaned, a satisfied sound, and gave Steve’s hair a hard twist that felt like a warning. Steve tried to still himself, breathe through his nose, as he had learned, but the pain in his ass and nipples was too distracting to concentrate and soon he was choking and making muted gasping sounds around Tony’s cock.
Steve shook his head. He had no idea what to do with any of this.   He was in way over his head, and so was Tony, that much was clear.
He sent Steve the address for Rhodey’s apartment, then waited.
Broken.
“Night, Tony,” Steve managed as the doors swished shut.  Tony never looked back at him.
“I think that might just be how Steve flirts,” Tony deadpanned.
this place?  It didn’t seem like it could be real, and yet here he stood.  A part of himself kept expecting to wake up at any moment to find this was only another part of his strangely vivid dreams, but he quickly became aware of the way the chilly air felt against his skin and how the hard plane of the mountain rubbed against his back.  He grasped at a piece of rock jutting out near his elbow, just to be able to have something to hold onto. Something real under his hand.  God.  Something real. This was
“And do something about those bags under your eyes!” she called out as Tony waved her off and disappeared into his bedroom.  “Steve, I’m so sorry. Tony told me about what happened. We’re working on it, I swear. That was way, way outside the lines. Matt’s all over it, but there might be questions—”
—contributed to it?  And, look, I’m not saying I did or didn’t punch Stern in his fat face, but if I did, I think anyone from Vegas can tell you he had it coming,” Tony said, punctuating the last by spreading his hands wide and arching his eyebrows while the room tittered with nervous, but not disagreeing, laughter.  “But, look, say what you will about all of that. Hell, say something about trauma and how it affects people, if you want. Write about that. But, marrying Steve is the least crazy thing I’ve done,” Tony said. “And if you suggest again that it was anything else, I’m not going to be responsible for my actions.”
Deirdre, the head of SI’s Marketing Department, was smart and efficient and clearly not thrilled with having both Steve and Tony pay her a visit to pick up and put down Thor bobbleheads and Black Widow pez dispensers (Steve thought those were somewhat creepy, to be honest).  He did find himself immediately reaching for the toy replica of his shield.   Hearing a click from behind him, he turned to see Deirdre snapping a photo on her Starkphone.
Steve nodded.  A servant had brought a simple white robe edged with golden swirls on the sleeves and hem and matching pair of loose-fitting pants earlier, which Steve supposed passed for a training outfit when you were sparring with the King.
“Steve likes my tie,” Tony countered.  “He said so.  Thinks it makes me look all hot and manly and oddly fashion-forward, sort of a Warhol-esque renaissance thing happening, in fact.”
I acted like that. I mean, I can, but…it was how you said my name.  Like—like a prayer. Like it was the best thing in the world. Just saying my name.  I don’t know, I’d never—no one had ever made me feel like that. No one else ever has.”
“An alternative?” Steve said, frowning a bit.
“Look, I really am sorry,” Tony began.  “About all of that.  About all of tonight, actually.  The reporters.  The thing in the restaurant.  I don’t usually—I mean, that doesn’t happen that often.  Not anymore.  All this—this stuff with Obie and Pierce.  Me being a dick with Stern and nearly blowing everything to hell.  It just got to me.  Had my little stop, drop and roll moment, and now I’m fine.  Largely because of you, it turns out.  Thanks for that, by the way.”
.  I’m in this, whatever happens.  For better or worse. Sickness and health. Ring any bells?” Tony demanded, swallowing thickly.  “I love you.  Every single version of you is the one I love.  Every one, Steve. Not some perfect, ideal you that you keep thinking I want.  This you, college you, the you you’re going to be tomorrow, next year, a decade from now.  Every version of you is the one I love. Every damn one of them. I am down at the bottom of whatever pit you’re in, because that’s where you are, and that makes it where I want to be.  Not because I have to, or feel guilty, or whatever, but because when I’m down there, standing next to you, that’s when I can see the way out.  I was always at my best when I was standing next to you.  That hasn’t changed, Steve.”
“I don’t miss,” Clint huffed waspishly.  Geez, next time there was an alien invasion, Steve was just holding back the team’s caffeine for a day.  The aliens would give up in no time.
“Yeah, where’s my government-issued O?” Calhoun laughed derisively.
His clothes were in one of the other bathrooms where he’d changed into the swim trunks.  Except, of course, they weren’t really his clothes.  Because none of this was real, of course, it was just a pantomime, and they both knew it. And this was probably Tony’s way of reminding him that it was over now. He should go.  Clearly.  Tony was just being...less direct than maybe Steve was used to, but probably someone like Tony got really good at giving hints and it was Steve’s lack of experience that had him questioning things at all.
“I’ll take it,” Steve said with a nod, then headed for the car, opened the door and climbed inside while Allen stumbled over some kind of response and quickly dug out his keys and got them under way.
He wanted to tell Tony to stop.  This couldn’t be allowed.  But, then, Tony was sucking, swirling his tongue around and tracing the slit on the head of Steve’s cock, and Steve thought he would’ve killed anyone who suggested Tony stop.  Air kept bursting out of his throat in great heaving gulps, earning him a sloe-eyed look from Tony, who moved his hand down and followed with his mouth, taking more of Steve into his throat.
“Thought I’d try mellow jazz and bongo drums later,” Steve said, shooting Tony a lopsided smile.
“Oh. Right. Steve’s here,” Tony said into the moment of silence that followed, raising his hand and vaguely pointing in the general direction of the man standing in the doorway. He gave Ty a wide, flat smile, proud of himself for finally remembering what he had wanted to tell Ty, not that Ty was paying him any mind at the moment.
“Tony, no,” Natasha ordered, slamming something long and slivery metal on the medical table.  “Stop it.  Panic later.  Help or sit down.”
“Uh-huh, so, you were just wandering around, looking for some air, got lost…” Tony said in a slow voice, raising his eyebrows and canting his head to the side.  “And so…you decided to break the doorknob of a locked room. Yeah, about that,” Tony continued, face squeezing up into a perturbed expression as his head bobbed back and forth, “Survey says?” He made a loud, honking sound out of the side of his mouth. “Um, yeah, sorry, total bullshit. Care to try that again?  No?” Tony pressed as Steve stood there mutely. “Okay, Stranger-Danger, I’m like two seconds from triggering the silent alarm,” Tony said. Steve looked over at the desk. Tony followed his gaze. “Yes, fine, that threat’s better from over there. Point taken. Not my finest moment, here, I got it. I got sloppy because of the whole…” he made a triangle shape in the air with his hands.  “No one would blame me. Anyway, I’m going to give you until the count of three to tell me what you’re doing here,” Tony offered. “I should’ve warned you already that I was a screamer, but, now you know. So. One,” Tony started, ticking off the number in the air with his finger.
“Then…I shall not,” Tony said, the words coming out stiff and almost surprised, as if he hadn’t quite expected to say them.  He held the sponge still, then set it on the ledge and moved around until he was standing between Steve’s knees.  He reached out and lifted Steve’s chin until Steve was forced to look up at Tony.  It reminded Steve of that first night, when Zola brought him to Tony, and Tony had called him beautiful for the first time.
Steve hummed his surrender and slid the suspenders off one arm, giving Tony what he meant to be a suggestive glance and which turned into something more like a genuine laugh than anything sexy, not that Tony seemed to mind.  Tony was leaning back on the too-big bed with his hands splayed behind him, his shoeless foot tapping out the rhythm as Steve mimicked the move with the other arm. His hair was a mess, his shirt halfway untucked and the collar open, and he was bouncing a little, like he just couldn’t quite manage both quiet
Tony’s fingers left him and Steve groaned, a wide gulf of emptiness seeming to open inside of him at their loss.  Tony leaned over him then, one hand braced on the side of Steve’s head. Another plea caught in Steve’s throat as he looked up.
why,” Tony said pointedly, gaze sliding back to Steve.
“Never had anything in common, my ass,” Tony continued.  “I mean, my ass, yes, literally, but also, loads of other things, because we could always talk.  We talked, and we laughed, and we loved each other so much, so hard, so fiercely, and it was as easy as anything we’ve ever done.  We didn’t even have to try, we just did.  We still do.  Stop me if I’m getting any of this wrong.  No?” Tony queried after a pause punctuated by Steve’s boots stomping on the stairs and Tony’s pants of breath.
It wasn’t like he didn’t understand the symbolism, of course, he thought, running his hand over the knotted fabric.  The Alpha giving his knot to the Omega.  A promise of care and protection.  An oath of duty and love.   He had always been far more interested in the part where his Alpha wasn’t supposed to touch him again until he took off the wrap, a somewhat antiquated tradition, but one that Tony had once clung to in the hopes that he could figure out how to parlay the damn thing into a five-year respite.  It was supposed to give the Omega a rest after the first knotting.  Now, he half wanted to tug it off, feel Steve’s hands on him again.  But, when he glanced up, Steve was looking at him, eyes roving over Tony, wearing nothing but the wrap and his dog tags, with such an incredibly breakable, soft expression.
Now, though.
He had missed his mark by
“I’ll bet you can,” Steve said in a reassuring tone.  “You got a cab?” he asked Nat.
He needed to go.
“How about now?” Steve blurted out.
“You’re sure this holy man, he didn’t keep any notes or journals, anything that would even begin to give us a place to start?  Was he part of a sect or...I don’t know, what do they call it over there?” Bruce asked.
“Want to know the sex?” Bruce asked softly.
“Wai--” Steve began, but the line went quiet. It seemed to take even longer than before. Or maybe he was just more nervous. What kind of note on his file? Something bad? Something he did wrong last time? Maybe the stranger hated it last time. Maybe he didn’t want to do that again and asked the company to put a note on Steve’s file not to match them up again. Maybe he--
, Steve remembered thinking, the way the plea had burst bright and sharp into his head, followed almost without pause by,
, an inner voice said.
“Um..” he said eloquently, clearing his throat.  “So.  That was good.  I think.  You…uh…you think?” Tony asked, squelching his eyes shut at the horribleness of it.  He hadn’t asked a partner if it had been good for them since he was fifteen in the back seat of Michelle Tambor’s limousine.  That might be some kind of commentary on him that he didn’t particularly want to examine all that closely, but it was very important that Steve thought it was good, because if Steve thought it was good, then they could do that again, and that was very important, so Steve needed to think it had been good.
“That was one night,” Tony huffed out with a grimace twisting his features, though Steve caught the subtle softening, the way his eyes crinkled and turned down at the corners and his mouth parted on a breath he seemed like he was holding.
Surreal was a pasty-faced word for what this was.
“Aren’t you coming?” Tony asked.
Tony kept looking Rogers over, since he hadn’t been told not to, and he was being open-minded and shit.  Whatever image Tony had conjured in his mind, it sure as hell wasn’t this, he could freely admit.  Handsome didn’t really quite capture Rogers, Tony thought, like it was too small a concept for what Rogers was like in person.  More like, someone should put him on a billboard kind of gorgeous that made Tony suddenly feel ridiculous with his hair that wouldn’t stop trying to curl, watercolor suit and make-up that was probably smudged by now, though, it was kind of nice that Rogers appeared to have put some effort into his appearance, too.  That was something.  Not like Tony wasn’t a sure thing, at least as far as Rogers knew, but it was something.
“Ah, there you are,” Tony called out as he approached, then turned back to General Rhodes and who Steve assumed was General Ross.
Thirty-six more days.  Thirty-six.
“Exactly,” Tony said with a pleased grin.
Steve donned the robe he had tossed aside last night and went searching for the veil and loincloth that had somehow ended up halfway across the room.  The veil was nowhere to be found, though Steve did not waste much time looking for it.   Cam would be waiting, anxious excitement and youth being something of a heady combination, Steve knew.  He nodded to the guards as the dour-faced one held the door for him, and caught an exchange of looks between the two as he departed, though on what cause, he could not say.
“Jarvis, if this happens again.  Ever.  If this ever happens again.  So much as one more time,” Peggy began, the words seeming to grind their way out of her mouth.  “You will call me immediately.  We will deal with Ana’s care, I promise.  Maria.  Obadiah.  You should understand very clearly that your future comfort, this life to which you are so very accustomed, depends quite greatly on Howard’s future choices where Tony is concerned.  I expect you will act accordingly.”
“I’m not a danger to you.  I wouldn’t have done this if there was even a possibility of that,” Steve replied with a rushed sort of assurance that seemed to want to get all the words out and wipe the thought away at the same time.
Steve grabbed for the goblet and drank it down with an embarrassingly obscene sound. He couldn’t stop.  He drank and drank, paying no mind to the spillage running over his mouth and down his neck.  When the goblet was empty, he pulled it away, smacking his lips and looking, shamefaced, at Tony.  The emptiness clawed at him, still.  He thirsted, as if he had been walking forty days in a desert.  He was parched and dry, like some desiccated piece of rotted wood that would crack as soon as someone touched him.
“This way, Gentlemen,” Stewart said, sweeping an arm forward.  Steve wound his arm around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him along towards the elevators.
“Gotta keep him looking good, am I right, Tony? Need to stay after him.  Don’t let him go to pot just ‘cuz he has you now,” Happy advised.  “My second cousin’s an Alpha.  Got Bonded, and boom!  Spare tire like you wouldn’t believe,” Happy announced with a derisive snort.  “’Course, he says, why bother, now that he’s Bonded, but I’m like, Frank, you’re gonna grow into that recliner, man.  Gina, she’s his Omega, she’s not gonna be happy with you, letting yourself go like that.”
You’re not supposed to be here, Steve thought back, turning the words over in his mind until a warm glow that started somewhere in his chest pushed them aside.
“I guess what I’m…what I’m trying to say is that I spent most of my life missing out on a lot of doing, you know?” Steve continued, talking to the waves like it was a completely normal thing to do.  “Then I got better, but there was work, just trying to make enough to scrape by, and then the War came,” Steve recalled with a flat grimace. “When I look back, there isn’t much of any of that where it feels like any kind of life, so much as a getting by until the next day and then the next after that.  Running off down here, it was maybe crazy, I don’t know. Probably was. I just knew I couldn’t stay there any longer, and down here, away from everyone, I thought maybe I’d find a way to—to want to—to want
“I—” Steve started, his gaze snapping to Tony’s face.
“It’s, I mean, I know I have a type of, and you’re pulling things from my head that I, ah...yeah, nevermind,” Tony stammered as the alien watched him curiously.  “You’re really going to need to warn me when we’re doing this whole mental thing, by the way. It’s kind of freaking me out,” Tony asked, rubbing at his forehead.
Tony lifted Steve’s cock and repeated the motion, then swept the sponge across Steve’s balls, hefting them and running it around and between the sacs as they tightened.  Steve’s hips bucked, and his hands gripped Tony’s waist with bruising force.  It was such a different feeling, the wet-roughened scrape of the sponge on his cock leaving a burning trail in its wake that Tony followed with the familiar pull of his hand.  Steve’s mind couldn’t seem to decide on pain or pleasure, just let it all swirl around into a turbulent eddy of need that kept building higher and higher.  Again and again, the sponge washed over his cock and swirled around the head, then down the shaft, while Tony’s other hand followed in slow strokes and twists and his tongue flicked into Steve’s mouth and warred with Steve’s own.
“Oh, no rank for me anymore , unless I need to put those boys at the American Legion in their place,” Mitch insisted with a wan smile. “Mr. Stark, I'm sorry to bother you, but I'd like to discuss something with the dissolution paperwork that I noticed, if you have time,” Mitch said, his gaze turning serious as it settled on Tony.
“Ready for some art?” Tony asked, clicking the button to unlock the car.
it. A house by the sea, remember? You offered me everything you could give, once. There is nothing more that I want, but it must be everything of you. You’re taking yourself away from me, piece by piece, and I can’t---I don’t know how to make you see that I want those parts, too. You took me as I was, once, broken thing that I was, and loved me for someone I barely recognized, but desperately wanted to be. Please. Please, let me,” Tony moaned against Steve’s lips, but Steve wasn’t sure what it was Tony was asking to do, so he just clung tighter, moving the hand that pressed against Tony’s chest up to slide around and cup the back of Tony’s neck, pulling him closer, letting himself leak out and filling the empty places with what Tony offered so willingly. “Let me love you as you love me,” Tony repeated, voice rough and low, breath hot in the space between them. “Let me show you.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, painting the word across Tony’s skin, where the pulse quickened.  A flicker of pain contorted Steve’s face in a bright fracture of what could have been, then Steve pulled his hand away and tapped the side of the helicopter, stepping back as the blades picked up speed.
“We started here,” Tony said.  “Our life. It was supposed to start here.  We have the pictures to prove it.  Both of us, we kept them, hung on to that.  I don’t think we could quite let it go, you know?  We can’t go back, I know that.  But…I just thought, this is how we should start it this time, too.  Except, we do it right.  The way it was supposed to be.”
“Then we’ll…keep on trying.  Your drawing of what it should look like gave us a head start.  We do have some fairly smart people at SHIELD, you know,” Peggy replied sharply, then her face softened, and she bit her lip, worrying at it for a moment.  “Sorry. I’m sorry, Steve, I really am. I know you’re worried. And…and anxious to get home. Of course you are. As strange as this is for me, I can’t imagine what it’s like for you.  I wish…I wish you would just tell me…” she sighed, then gave him a wan smile. “But, you won’t. You can’t blame a girl for trying, though.”
“I would be most honored if the Raj’Inama would bestow it,” Stone suggested, his eyes on Tony the whole time.  A rush of gasped whispers greeted his words. “What better reward could there be than a prize from the King’s own?  A favor for my lance, perhaps, so that it might bring me luck?”
“How may I be of assistance, Sir?” a British voice answered from Tony’s phone.
--I was thinking he would agree that you are smarter than I am, but he would say that was no great accomplishment,” Steve grinned.  The creature frowned at him, it’s tentacles rising and falling above the water as they coiled beneath it. Away from the rocks, it was back to its usual red and gold coloration, Steve noted.   “Don’t want to insult ya, Shellhead.”
“I’m here for you,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice steady even as the words nearly choked him. He meant it.  God help him, he meant it, and he was going to get a fat envelope of cash from Romanoff, and he had never loathed anything more than himself right then, when he knelt here and told Tony how he felt and knew he was going to take the money.  “For you, Tony.”
Tony had the condom between his fingers and rolled it up and over Steve’s cock, just past the head, then smiled that sinful smile of his and wrapped his mouth around the tip of Steve’s cock, sucking lightly as his tongue worked a circular motion around and around the head. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, Tony pushed the rim of the condom up with his mouth as he took more and more of Steve’s cock into his throat. Steve’s mind blanked.  Pinpoints of blackness dotted Steve’s vision.  He’d forgotten to breathe, he realized, and sucked in too much air, nearly choking on it, body shaking as he tried to manage the need to breathe with the need to feel nothing else but Tony’s mouth around his cock.
Steve gave him a wan smile. “Yeah.  See you tomorrow, I guess.”
“He’s gone to visit his mother,” Stane said without looking up.  “I thought it better that you and I should talk alone. Away from prying eyes.”
“Want to talk about it?” Tony asked as the cabin came into view around a curve.  “I know, I’m not exactly the best for that.  You don’t have to,” Tony rushed out with a wince, throat clicking as he tried to swallow.  “But, if you wanted to.  I’d listen.”
“I’d kind of like that.  See your old stomping grounds,” Tony said, dragging his gaze back to Steve’s face.  “Thank you.  For, you know.  The wall thing.  And just for, well, everything. Tonight.  It was nice.  I had a nice time.   Other than the thing.  But, I don’t know.  I still had a nice time.  Even with the thing, or because of it—not because of it, but…the after, I guess.  With you, and…what you said.  It was nice.”
“I don’t have one,” Tony said with an eerie sort of calm he didn’t feel.
“Lord Hammer,” Zola acknowledged, giving a sweeping bow to a man lounging in an ornately carved chair with booted feet propped up on the table in front of him.  The room was a splash of color to Steve’s eyes, with silks and heavy velvets intermingled, gilded candlesticks and filigreed trays, shell-covered boxes and a series of painted banners on the far wall with naked figures engaged in various acts that didn’t even quite register for what they were until Steve looked again.  “As requested,” Zola said, turning to Steve with a pointed drop of his gaze to the floor.   One of the guards nudged at the backs of Steve’s knees with his foot, and Steve sank to his knees next to Zola, biting back the flash of annoyance that came with it.  “The King quite enjoyed him last night,” Zola added.
“Thought I’d lost you two boys,” Natasha said from where she lounged against the doorframe as they approached, apparently materializing from behind the potted ficus.
all of a sudden.  His eyes snapped open and he moaned in protest, which turned into a choked-off, stuttering gasp as Tony plunged into him again, thrusting deep and long and—
Tony was panting in quick, short breaths by the time Steve quieted, his knot still seated deep inside Steve’s body. He swallowed past his suddenly dry throat and took his come-soaked hand and rubbed it up and down Steve’s back, up to the spot on Steve’s neck where he could feel the slight depressions of his mark. Steve groaned as Tony pushed against the mark and let his head and chest fall back down to the bed, his breathing evening out for the moment.
He looked at the box of unanswered questions until there was nothing left that wasn't committed to memory, then stacked the letters back and wound the band around them again, shoving them into their space in the box and closing the lid on the whole thing. He slid the box back onto the shelf, towards the back, like it had been before he had the gall to touch something that probably, for the sake of his sanity, should have stayed buried.
“Tony,” Steve pleaded, stretching out the name into a groan as want pooled low and hot in his belly.  “Yes, please, Tony, please. I need, I need, I--”
“Her name is Rainbow Sparkles, which you know, and no, I will not, because you mocked her,” Rhodey answered.
“For fuck’s sake, Tony, you got kidnapped,” Steve snapped drawing Tony’s wide, startled eyes to his face.  “Look,” Steve continued, trying to soften his voice, mostly so it wouldn’t shake.  “I know you want to take everything on you, because then, if it’s on you, you’re the one who can do something about it.  Make sure it doesn’t happen again.  I get it.  Believe me, I get it, I do,” Steve bit out, then stopped.  Sucked in a breath.  Scrubbed a hand over his face. The words tasted coppery in his mouth.  Adrenaline, he knew, though the knowing did nothing to lessen it. Focus.  Put it in order.  “But that isn’t how this works.   We had orders.  We did our job.  We knew the risks.”
“They affect me a bit differently, but I still felt them. That’s um…actually how the glass got cracked,” Steve admitted sheepishly. That was a little hot.  More than a little.  Tony wondered if Steve would crack the windows at the house on the island.  That would be neat.  “They just wear off a lot faster for me with the serum,” Steve continued.
“No,” Steve said quickly.  “Just counting down and then waking up here.  How long was I out?”
“You two just happened to meet up again at a Vegas strip club, is that it?  The guy who you meet in Bagram and who saves your ass, and you want us to believe you just randomly met while he was riding a pole here in Vegas?” another voice, louder and surlier than the others yelled out over the din.
Something could happen.
.  He looked down at the folders in his hand, bracing one arm on the door and turning back to the therapist, question still hanging in the air.
Look at me.
“No need for foreplay, huh?”  Tony asked.
Not beta'd this time, so all mistakes are my own
When Steve glanced down, seeking anything to look at except Tony so that his mind could clear, it occurred to him that the way the curtain wrapped around his arm looked like a long gash, wide and red and dripping down to the floor in a puddle of blood, and he let out a startled hiss, dropping the curtain.  He looked up at Tony, who smiled, showing white teeth pulled back from his lips, almost a snarl, Steve thought, as he looked again.
An ancient place, Steve thought to himself as they walked, feeling a slight shiver run down his back. The light was graying into a haze now as the sun lowered between the peaks leaving a blaze of light across the valley below.  A barely discernible path wound its way through the trees, over a small stream, then deeper into the lush, green of the forest where it clung to the mountain like a cloak. Tony seemed to know his way well enough, though he had to double-back once.
“Yeah, but…” Tony began, trailing off as he stared up at Steve, his mouth twisting and eyes darting around until they finally settled on Steve.  “See, I needed this to be about the money, and it was, and that was fine, but now?  Now, maybe it’s not, maybe it’s something else, I don’t know, and that’s…” he stopped, looking away and seeming to gather himself, sucking in a breath. “Knowing you were with Broth, that
“Even for something like this?” Steve finished for him in a rough voice that made Tony look back over at him, though his face was held carefully tight.  “They sound like amazing people. May I?” Steve asked, reaching out to take the ring from between Tony’s fingers before he could reply.  “Here,” he said, lifting Tony’s hand and sliding his fingers along the underside of Tony’s ring finger to lift it.  He gently pushed the band on, past Tony’s knuckle, until it settled in place, holding his fingers against it long enough for Tony to glance up at him.  For a moment, Tony couldn’t swallow or breathe, and he was sure his heart had simply stopped.  Maybe everything had stopped, just for this moment, when it was just him and Steve, and nothing else mattered, and then it was gone and Steve was dropping his hand back to his lap and leaning back in his seat with a slight grimace pulling at his features, almost like a flash of pain.
“Leave that out of it,” Tony spoke up before Steve could say anything.
“Can’t you just imagine?” Tony grinned, shaking his head and leaning back against the chair opposite Steve.  “The power would go to his head in no time.”
“Right. And even if you were big, it wouldn’t matter.  When I was young, I was smaller than you, believe it or not,” Steve told him.
“Thor came back,” Steve said, voice low and clipped. Tony almost dropped the bottles.
“Sir, at this point, I feel compelled to remind you that Mr. Murdock strongly advised against speaking to anyone,” JARVIS interrupted from Tony’s phone.
Steve shook his head firmly and nuzzled at Tony’s cheek.  “You should let me take care of you. You’ll be sore,” Tony cautioned.
“No,” Steve said, mouth flattening into a thin line, before one corner ticked up in a self-deprecating grimace.  “I got spooked and felt guilty.”
“Hi,” Tony breathed out, watching Steve blink at him with a soft smile.
Seeing his interest, the man had picked it up and handed it to him, making some kind of encouraging noise.  Anto couldn’t take it from him, of course. That would be improper. But when the man put it down, Anto had hesitantly picked it up and turned it over, admiring it from all angles.  This made the man bare his teeth again. There was a cover on the top of the basket. Anto took that off and immediately dropped the basket, scooting back in horror. There was a creature inside.
Then Clint was saying something about the lady from Marketing calling Tony about Steve’s poster.  For a moment, Steve was confused, thinking the message must have been about the sketches he’d done of Tony for the revised Iron Man poster and feeling himself blushing at the memory of what those sketches had inspired., but then he caught sight of Tony’s expression, which had gone from happily mocking Barton to something like he imagined one would look if you just swallowed a bug while simultaneously realizing that you were naked.  Clint looked a bit like the cat who ate the canary, which was also troubling.  Mentally replaying the conversation, Steve realized what Clint had been talking about.
“Pretty sure she’s going to rat me out to Pepper,” Tony admitted when they made it to the elevator.  He pushed the L button for the lobby and hit his phone to call Happy around with the limo.
A stargazer lily sat cradled in the palm of the left gauntlet, its dark pink petals spread wide over the repulsor as it stretched upwards, towards the sky.
“I’d like that,” Steve said.
“Okay, first…I did not know that was Whitney’s mother. She’d just had her Botox,” Tony began.  “Second—"
“Oh, you
“Shhhh. Shhhh, Tony, it’s okay.  You were so brave.  I’m so proud of you,” Steve whispered against the side of his temple, where the pulse was beating through his skin.  Tony gulped in a shuddering breath and squeezed his eyes shut.  “That should never have happened.  I should’ve been there sooner.  I’m so sorry, Tony. This was my fault. You didn’t come back to the ballroom, and I—I should’ve been there.  I should’ve come looking for you, but I wanted to give you space, even when I…I’m sorry,” he finished, shaking his head, eyes downcast, but holding Tony’s gaze.  “It wasn’t your fault.”
Not sure what the updating schedule will be for this as some scenes will be more difficult to write than others and it takes a while to write out even a small scene. I won't let it go more than two weeks for an update though that's for sure.
“I take offence to some drunk Brucie,” Tony teased. “I much prefer functioning alcoholic.”
“No Sir, Captain Rogers came by to the lab after you had passed out to bring you some food. When he saw that you had fallen asleep he decided that it would be better if you slept in your bed. He carried you to your bedroom and proceeded to tuck you in. I have the security footage if you would like to see for yourself.”
“Shit,” Clint whispered, accurately summing up what the rest of the team were thinking in that moment.
“TIN MAN DO STUPID THINGS ON THE TV,” Hulk grumbled, poking a finger at Tony’s chest to reiterate the point. “HULK AND PUNY BANNER NO LIKE SEEING TIN MAN GET HURT.”
Not a single person in the common room moved a muscle at the reveal, all of them stunned into shock as Tony broke into a giggle at their faces.
Bruce twitched uneasily at the comment. Luckily no-one in the room caught it since he didn't want to explain what his issue was with Watson’s diagnosis. Hopefully it would be the film would clear up the issue before he was forced to correct Tony’s best friend.
“So you use the details to deduce how the details were created? Like how you saw the detail of the stain and were able to figure out the most reasonable way it was made?” Clint clarified, his face twisted in slight confusion at Tony’s explanation that relaxed when Tony beamed at him in response.
Thank you for all your comments, reading them really gives me inspiration and makes all the work for this story worth it :)
Irene is introduced properly and Steve falls further into misunderstanding.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos and special thanks to the people who gave me the idea for a jealous Steve, I hope this is what your looking for :)
Bruce jumped out of his seat and started pacing in agitation. All eyes were on the doctor as he tried to calm himself down. After several minutes to which no one dared to speak, Bruce let out a deep breath and sat back down. Pointing an accusing finger at Tony, Bruce’s expression dared him to argue. “You and I are going to have a very long chat about what you can and can’t put in your body.”
“Oh that wasn’t me angry,” Tony said flippantly. “That was me pissed but not angry.”
“Of course, I did! Although back then it was more a case of keep your friends close and your enemies closer.”
“I would call you an idiot,” Natasha began softly, “but you did that intentionally.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor noted that the way the Inspector had entered the fray, would have most likely caused him harm since he was vastly outnumbered and had not drawn his weapon. One of the things that Thor disliked was incompetence and so far, the Inspector had not been making a good impression on the Prince. Hopefully the rest of the film would help to change his perception.
“She basically just down played what you do,” realised Steve, scowling at the woman.
Finishing in the bathroom he quickly made sure that he was decent enough to make an appearance to the team, even though over the year they had pretty much seen every part of each other. Tony needed more than two hands to the count the times that he had seen the Hulk naked, it was lucky he was a billionaire so that he could pay for the therapy.
“That’s not going to fly Tony since JARVIS won’t be flying the suit in a battle. I’m sure that you can spare an hour of your time just for us.”
“If you two would just stop your weird flirting as it's way too early for this. Tony, if we have to suffer through a team exercise than so are you or you're going to spend an hour with me sparring.”
“I believe that he intends to simply talk to Friend Tony and that if we observe silently, everything will become clear,” Thor answered.
Tony grimaced at the reminder of what he had told the woman to sprout. “I wanted him to understand that he would be settling for a life of domesticity.”
Everyone sans Tony burst out laughing, Thor’s booming laugh easily being heard over everyone else’s.
Tony nodded sadly in agreement. “Too true big green, too true.”
“Come on Nat, enlighten us,” Clint said trying to read the note over her shoulder.
“Any of that happen in the film?” Clint asks, grinning widely when Tony began to blush beet red.
“TIN MAN MAKE PUNY BANNER MAD!”
Bruce just pinched the bridge of his nose at the sight Tony ingesting yet more substances that should never enter the body. “As soon as this film finishes, I am making a powerpoint presentation about what you can and can't ingest and you will sit through it.”
Steve let out a soft huff. If anyone else had called a bowl of honeycomb peculiar then they would have gotten a strange look but for some reason when Tony said it, it seemed reasonable. Perhaps even endearing. God, the things the man did to him and he didn’t even have a clue and would never if Steve had anything to say about it.
Hope you enjoyed it :)
“I think it registered on an emotional level,” Bruce deadpanned.
“How did you even get the woman in on the deceit?” Thor questioned, not recalling Tony interacting with the woman.
Tony sniffed in faked indignation. “Don’t be ridiculous Steve, I’d say at least a seven year old although an argument could be made for maybe six.”
Tony started talking before any of the Avengers could ask since it didn’t take a genius to know what they wanted to know. “So, in conjunction with being able to notice the small details and predict outcomes, I’m also able to use said small details to conclude how they came about.”
“It was a different time Thor, criminals were treated differently back then,” Bruce answered, his eyes glued to the screen lest he miss anything.
Because he’d still be alive Natasha thought to herself bitterly. Memories of the red room flashed in her mind as the voices of her teachers echoed in her head. Once an asset has fulfilled its usefulness, they must be eliminated lest someone else tries to use them.
“Well that was different, my life compared to eight million lives was really a no brainer and it wasn’t as if anyone needed me anymore,” Tony explained, understanding but choosing to ignore the sad looks that the team sent him in response to that logic.
Steve could see the similarities between Holmes and Tony there with how both tried to confuse and lead people away from seeing how much a comment or action affected them. He wished that Tony didn’t feel the need to hide from people how much certain things hurt him on an emotional level, imaging times when he could just hold Tony in his arms as the mechanic laid his soul bare. Especially since his imagination was the closest he was ever going to get to the real thing now.
“No can do Cap, got some projects that I need to finish up for Pepper so that I can continue to support Thor’s pop tart addiction. I’ll have JARVIS pilot the suit so that you can still do your exercises.”
Thor turned to Bruce in puzzlement at Clint’s unfunny joke. “What is plastic surgery?”
“The hard way it was,” Tony muttered mournfully, missing the look of concern that Steve sent him.
“What do you mean sort of?” Steve demanded, starting to get annoyed with the lack of trust Tony was displaying.
Hope you liked it :)
“Idiots,” Natasha muttered fondly, her heart breaking just a little at the reminder that Tony no longer had Watson.
Clint wanted to ask who that was but decided to wait. It would most probably be revealed later in the film he thought.
Tony huffed at the questioning stares. “I’m sure you’ll find out later in the film.”
“Why was that surprising?” Steve asked, the buff blonde slightly confused as to why it would make a difference if it was a Lord.
“You look like a hot mess,” Clint said insulting the usually put together man.
Turning the case around the Avengers gasped as they saw a man who was the spitting image of Tony standing on the case with his arms behind his back. Next to the man was another who was dressed in the same style of clothing but was wearing a bowler hat and a cane over his shoulder. A range of buildings found in London is shown faintly behind the two men whilst the words Sherlock Holmes were written in the middle of the case over the two men.
Steve and Thor tried to get in the way of the Hulk’s outreaching arm but were a few seconds too late in stopping the vibrant green arm grabbing the retreating mechanic. Tony let out a grunt as he felt the hand close around his waist and lift him off the ground as though he weighed hardly anything. The other men in the room moved to try and dislodge Tony from Hulk’s grip but Natasha stopped them before they could interfere.
Thor shook his head vigorously, a look of abject horror appearing on his face. “Nay Friend Tony, that is blasphemy to the ears of a god!”
“She looks like a woman who is immensely proud of herself and not at all like I would expect for someone who has to bail out her fiancé who was supposed to meet her parents the day before.”
Tony ducked his head to avoid looking at Bruce. “You may want to keep taking deep, calming breaths and remember that everything I do is for a good reason.”
Tony shook his head in amusement. “If I did that then I would never have seen it again and the outcome of the case would have changed dramatically. I couldn't really care about the proper chain when it comes to stopping a dangerous man.”
“Got it in one big green,” Tony clicked his fingers.
“That was nice of you,” Bruce praised at the sight of Tony giving the poor man a break.
“I bet Cap wouldn’t mind if Tony did a bit of conquering and topping to him though,” Clint snarked quietly to Natasha, causing Steve to shift uncomfortably as certain scenarios shot through his mind.
A stab of concern lanced through Natasha’s chest at the sight of Tony stumbling before she narrowed her eyes. She was learning that Tony was a master manipulator and she wouldn’t put it past him to try something during a fight.
“I don’t know but I’m guessing it has something to do with that,” Bruce relied pointing to the dining room table which now held a rectangular case and a piece of paper.
“Ah” Bruce murmured, easily recognising the name and her connection to Tony.
“Are you going to go and help her?” Steve asked Tony, turning his body around to catch the amused smirk on the engineers face. He may not like the woman, but that didn't mean he wanted to see her get attacked by anyone.
Clint began laughing uncontrollably, arms clutched tight around his waist as he shook with such force. The team decided to let him get it out his system, looking on in amusement since they felt the humour at the name. “Can I-” he began as he started to calm down although tears were still flowing freely down his face from the laughing.
Tony observed the change of expressions on Thor’s face, as they confirmed a hunch he had developed after the Battle of New York. The Battle has proven that magic existed due to the revelation of Asgard’s existence as well as all of Loki’s little shows. He hadn’t believed back then that the book had been capable of changing the course of history like the Order had as he had gone through Lord Rotheram’s records of the Order after the conclusion of the case. His findings had concluded that what had happened in the past had not been due to their rituals but had been a case of careful planning and scheming in the right places. Their belief that they had steered history was because they had whispered in the ears of the right people, not because of magic or their book.
Steve doubted that even he could break through something that thick with just his body and even if he could then he would most likely come out of the other side with serious damage.
“No, no, no! You have to get out of there!” Steve urged, a sickening sense of unease passing through him as Blackwood played Tony with his words.
There won't be any movie watching in this chapter but Chapter 3 will definitley be the start of it.
Unfortunately, Hulk seemed disinclined to allow Tony to leave, instead tightening his grip again to keep the genius planted firmly to his chest. “PUNY BRUCE NEEDS TO CALM FIRST. HULK STAY UNTIL HE LESS ANGRY.”
Natasha leaned further towards Clint so that her mouth was directly next to his ear. “Don’t add more fuel to the fire. It’s bad enough that Cap’s already thinking that Tony has something for Watson, you don’t need to accidentally encourage it.”
Steve flinched at Tony’s tone, his shoulders hunching over making himself look smaller and sending a faint sense of guilt running through Tony.
Tony waved a hand as if mimicking a wand. “They honesty believed that they could influence the course of history through studying the occult and summoning arcane forces.”
Clint found himself wincing at the injury list since he himself had experienced all of them just never at the same time.
I'm so glad that your liking my Jealous Steve and there will be much more of him to come in the next chapter as we will be meeting Irene, which I know some of you are really looking forward too ;)
“What substance did you put in the pipe?” boomed Thor.
“Loki is a great master at magic so it may be possible that when he was last on Midgard he was able to sense something within you. Did he or any object that he possessed touch you in anyway?”
Discoveries are made in Reordan's lab and concerns begin to grow about Tony.
“If you don’t figure it out by the end of the film, then I’ll explain it too you okay?” sighed Tony, feeling slightly fatigued at all the questions already.
“Of course I am Sir and might I say congratulations again on your well-deserved win.”
The team sans Tony just sighed at the revelation of Blackwood’s parentage, slowly coming to learn that this movie was going to full of twists and that it was better to save their reactions for when things inevitably went to pot again. Even Hulk was getting used to the plot twists and he hadn’t even watched the whole movie.
As he turned around with the cup in his hands, purposely ignoring Steve’s sad eyes at Tony’s lack of response to the apron, he noticed that the other Avengers were sitting around the dining table, failing to contain their laughter at Steve.
Tony thought back on that moment when Dredger had destroyed that beam. He remembered that several workers had been injured and one man lost a hand from the destruction and could no longer work. All because Tony had thought that he knew what he was doing. He couldn’t help but feel angry at himself for how he acted back then.
Tony pondered the idea for a moment before agreeing, his mind doing a happy dance at being able to teach the master assassins a thing or two about fighting.
Thor laughed in amusement at Tony’s choice of weapon. “You hammer is indeed tiny Friend Tony, nothing compared to the might of my own.”
Steve wholeheartedly disagreed with Tony’s view but decided against arguing.
Tony sagged in relief, not knowing why he had ever doubted that his friends would accept for who he was. He also felt as though a weight had been lifted off his chest, not quite realising until that moment how keeping a part of him secret had damaged him.
“If you think that is nice my Friend, then wait until you see the Halls of Asgard! They put that banquet hall to shame,” Thor boomed, not as impressed with the elegance as the rest of them.
Tony rubbed the back of his head sheepishly. “I may have gone a bit overboard back then and I’m just going to blame it on the stress and emotions of the day before and leave it at that.”
“For a good reason.”
“Stop antagonising him,” Natasha growled. It was the one thing Tony still did today that annoyed her. When he deliberately went out of his way to antagonise the villains and coincidentally made the situation worse. Sometimes he forgot that not everyone had a metal suit to protect them from his inability to think ahead, even though he had demonstrated that he could in fact think ahead.
Silence followed Natasha’s admission, no one quite sure how to break the tension that had risen during the explanation.
Natasha easily read between the lines of Tony’s defence. Whilst technically true that they had indeed been attacked first and that he hadn’t intentionally caused that, it wasn’t entirely fair to say that Watson hadn’t been slightly manipulated into going. At this rate, the master assassin was going to have to give up her title of Black Widow to Tony, who was deftly creating his own web that was becoming more difficult to notice.
Natasha was the closest and so she picked up both items, eyes quickly scanning the paper as her body tensed with each line she read.
Steve wondered if he was cursed or if he just honestly had bad luck. Seriously it was bad enough to know that Tony had feelings for someone else that he had yet to get over but for it to be two people was even worse. The woman was so beautiful that Steve had to blink back tears at the thought that he ever stood a chance with Tony when he had been involved with people much better in so many ways than Steve.
“Don’t forget it Legolas,” winked Tony in response.
“Stalker,” teased Clint, receiving a more serious reply from Tony.
I know that some people will not be happy to hear about this extended hiatus but please bear in mind that I am a human being who is currently grieving for someone who was very special and was taken too soon.
“Woah,” Clint’s eyes were wide with surprise at the display of power from the seemingly innocuous stick. “What was that?"
“Friend Steven? What is this? Are you alright?”
(Basically an Avengers 2012 recap, introducing Bruce and Thor. Its mostly the same, but Stony sprinkled throughout. The ending is important to the plot though, if you choose to skim :) Also the suit I used for Steve is the one from Age of Ultron. I'm sorry, but I can never take him seriously with the original one from this movie. Enjoy!)
His mother Maria also adored him. She was the one who was able to provide Tony with the support and affection he needed to strive. By taking the little time she had to teach him piano, the Italian language, manners, ballroom dancing and anything she could, she would help mature the boy into a well cultured man. She was his teacher, his role model.
"Heat, heat, heat," Tony chanted to himself as he cracked the dial and turned all the vents as if that would speed up the process. He tugged his hands into his hoodie sleeve, opening it in front of the vent, letting the warm air to travel through. Steve watched curiously, looking at his own sleeves. He mimicked the tactic and found it to be silly and practical.
The days after New York was filled with clean up and search and rescue. It was exhausting with that on top of meetings with Shield, training sessions, and the press. Once their lives finally began to go back to normal, Steve went back to Dr. Daliah about twice a week. New York left him with some troubling dreams and nightmares of Tony falling or losing his friends. She was able to help him with that, thankfully, which then led to a different type of problem. The ‘strange feeling’. He told her all about it, and she understood fully. It took an endless amount of meetings for Steve to get that sorted out. She would tell him that there was nothing wrong with him; he was not perverted, demonized, insane or a creep. The feeling he was getting was indeed something along the line of love. She told him that he didn’t have to call it that, it could be a crush or liking or whatever he wanted, but night after night, and day after day with Tony, Steve knew what it was.
"Oh, oh yeah. Thanks." Taking the card, Tony looked back up to glance at Steve. He was still staring intensely at a celebrity magazine, a serious glare on his face. "Hey, Steve. Are you ready?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony gets discharged from the hospital and Steve brings him home. Feelings are spilled, angst is fresh and the fluff is present!!
There, Tony met Yinsen. The humble translator was the person who inspired Tony to keep going, to not give up and not submit. He was Tony Stark. The Tony Stark and no one can take that from him. Yinsen reminded him of the teachings he learned from Jarvis, motivating him even more. He assisted Tony in assembling not only a powerhouse for a source of renewable energy the size of Tony's palm, but an escape plan. The power house of energy was an Arc Reactor Tony used to power his magnet and their transportation to escape. From only the scraps left available to them, they constructed a suit of metal. The plan was almost a success. The only unplanned part was Yinsen sacrificing himself.
Gore/Violence warning
Steve recieves a history lesson and learns not only about the history of the movements for equality, but also about Tony himself. Then things turn floofy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, trust me, Steve, listen to me when I say you should go for this. You are perfect for him and just his type.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His body felt slow and exhausted as Steve tried to sit up. He cringed as he swung his legs from the bed he was perched on and took in the room he occupied. It was bland and typical. The radio buzzed on, there was a lamp and a window, but it was hazy and seemed off looking. Every muscle tensed in his body, his mind racing trying to make sense of this. A knock on the door drew him from his evaluation of the room. A woman stepped through. She wore a nurse uniform and a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you want the magazine too?"
“I don’t like this movie anymore.” Tony pouted more as he stared straight ahead to the screen.
Will Steve be able to save Tony in time? Will Bucky's prison break plan work? Will I ever end this story? Who knows?!
Slowly, Tony approached Steve. His form was hunched, hands at his sides, clenched into trembling fists. Ever so carefully, Tony stepped forward, slotting himself into Steve’s chest, wrapping arms around his large shoulders. Silently, he stood there, just holding the other male. The soldier froze and went tense for a moment. He seemed to not know how to react. Hesitantly, his arms encircled Tony’s frame, wrapping around his trim waist. He tucked his head into Tony’s neck and stood frozen in the hug.
Steve and Tony continue to get to know one another, and Steve reunites with Peggy.
After a couple more meetings with Daliah, he felt like he was ready. Ready to put himself out there and show vulnerability and to accept any type of response from Tony. Well, he was ready for everything, except for Tony being this oblivious. No matter what he did, nothing was working. The man only blushed adorably, and rubbed it off. Was Tony this insecure about himself? To think that not even he could attract Steve? It even angered Steve slightly to think that Tony was that stereotypical to label Steve to be so incredibly straight, but he knew he had to keep trying and to keep his cool. He wouldn’t give up because Tony wasn’t some person you gave up on.
Hello Peeps! I hope you liked the first chapter of my first work on Archive! I am very new to this, so please let me know what you think ^^ I am mainly doing this for fun and experience, so although criticism and requests are welcome, please be nice! Updates will be posted within 2 weeks usually. Thank you for any support, comments, and Kudos!
The next hour and a half was full of explanations and flirting lessons. He was to shower Tony with even more attention, flirtations and give him every sign in the book. She told him about how to casually, but obviously put an arm around someone, how to look at them, speak, things to say, and dozens of other things. Once they were done, Steve felt like he had an arsenal of techniques and was ready to give Tony everything he had.
This is my first published fan fiction on this site; it is mainly fluff, angst, and family bonding with a dash of action. Enjoy!
Steve
James Rhodes had known Tony ever since MIT. They were the kind of friends to hold each other accountable when they fell short and lift the others mood when they needed it. Rhodey was Tony's big brother in a way. He was Tony's protector and guide through his screwed up world. The genius' best known friend soon became his savior from the desert wasteland. The helicopter landed with a cloud of sand and dust, causing the tears in Tony's eyes to fall. He fell to his knees and held up a signature peace sign. It made Tony's heart throb in thanks at the sight of his friend running to him, tears in the other man's eyes as well.
In short, said business partner, Obadiah Stane, was discovered to be the mastermind behind the kidnapping plot and seller of weapons to terrorists. Together, Tony, Pepper and Rhodey were able to stop the man's ploy in taking over the company and ending Tony. Stark was able to use the very metal suit that helped him escape to defeat Stane. Each had an updated version of the weapon and after an intense battle, Tony came out victorious. Stane fell to his death despite Tony’s attempts to save him, Stark Industries stopped weapon production, and Tony started a new exploration into new technology and renewable power.
It came to him one night after he settled Tony down after a nightmare. He had gotten up to get a glass of water, and when he returned to bed, Tony was laying on his stomach, looking as peaceful as ever. The tear tracks had been all wiped away, and he seemed at peace. Suddenly, the genius reached to the right, grasping at the sheets on Steve’s side of the bed. He was reaching for Steve in his sleep. In a whirlwind of emotions, Steve could only feel one thing, and that was love. He was in love with Tony.
"So, big ticket question, are you feeling ok to go pick up some clothes? Or do you wanna chill back at the tower? Your choice, no sweat."
He stared into Tony's eyes smiling. "Don't waste your life, Stark. Don't waste it." Those last words had burned themselves into Tony's mind forever and was the push he needed to survive the desert ahead.
The company grew and they both became even more successful, especially with Tony's new Jericho missile. This piece was a revelation in the industry. On a trip in the middle east to gain buyers, Tony's fleet was attacked by the very weapons he built. The genius and innocent American soldiers were blown up by his own pieces of work. The sight of the very weapons Tony built to protect Americans actually taking their lives was traumatizing. But the aggressors wouldn't settle with just the death of the inventor. They wanted his genius and work. They surgically implanted a magnet inside his chest to stop metal shrapnel from entering his heart, thus 'saving his life'. The group was called the Ten Rings. They demanded Tony build them the Jericho in exchange for his freedom. Or so they claimed. He knew that he would be killed eventually, but this was no place to die. Not when Tony hadn't even accomplished something notable enough for his father's pride.
Pulling away from Tony, Steve leaned back against the car, closing his eyes and feeling the snow on his face. It mixed with the tears that continued to silently stream down his cheeks. He could feel Tony’s arms let go of his shoulders, but one hand traveled down his arm, gripping Steve's own hand. It was because of the hand that he remembered someone was there.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then Obadiah Stane happened.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope everyone likes the bonus chapter for this update! Two chapters at once? I know, never thought that one was possible...I have too much free time on my hands now. And also soap! Keep washin them hands peeps!
Thor nodded. “Oh, I see. I admire both of your competitive spirits. It seems that Anthony has won though.”
The relationship between himself and Peggy blossomed into something beautiful. When Bucky fell, he lost a part of himself. He felt a giant weight of guilt from letting his best friend slip through his fingers, literally. He wasn't strong enough, not enough to save Bucky or to handle the loss of him. Bucky was the one who dragged him away from the danger he created for himself. He helped him from the day he was born to the present. Bucky supported him through his sickness, his parent’s death, his rejection from the army, and his fights with any and every bully.  And now he was gone forever. Drinking didn’t help; he soon realized that only Peggy did. She stood by his side and helped him stand back up. As he stood on shaky legs, Peggy supported him, getting him through the depressive period. She soon became his new best friend. She was his first true love. Of course he still felt like part of him was gone, with bucky not there, but Peggy gave him a new piece of life.
He had to think of something else, quickly. Of course, right at that moment, Steve felt a small weight on his right shoulder. Looking down he could see Tony’s head laying on it casually as he stared at the tv intently. The warmth and weight made the soldier smile. He really liked this feeling.
Tony didn’t respond for a moment, instead looking up at the clouds. He squinted at the flakes that fell onto his face, one on his cheek and the other on his brow. “It’s snowing.”
"Um, well, its… uh…"
"What?" Steve snapped, figure loosening.
“That sounds like a glorious name of a hero! I would like to see this film!”
Boom! Another update! Happy Summer everyone!!
The bombs weren't defused. The plane was barreling straight towards America. Steve was alone on this mission. He gripped onto the cold handles of the plane, watching the horizon, searching desperately for an answer out there in the snow. The only answer that lie blatantly ahead was one that was not ideal. But it was the only one. Peggy's voice cracked through the radio. She sounded sad. Empty. She also saw the same answer in the snow like Steve.
"Don't mind your father, he does love you. Always remember that," she would always tell him. "He loves you just as much as I do."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve's POV of the clean up and Tony's sacrifice. Things are starting to heat up in the feelings department as Steve gets some realizations. Please enjoy this fluffy and angst filled chapter!
A chuckle rose from Steve’s chest, as he shook his head, feeling any tension that was lingering in the air dissolve. He used the black sleeves of his sweater to wipe away the remaining tears and redness. The chilly air began to nip at his runny nose, making it very uncomfortable.
Gathering all of his courage, he approached Natasha. The two of them had grown extremely close and he felt comfortable enough to confide in her for advice. They talked about all of the meetings, and Steve poured everything onto her, unable to hold the walls up any further. He told her all about his revelation about his feelings for Tony, help from Daliah to accept them, and plan for courtship. He recalled the end of the conversation that occured after they had sparred in private.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, now you’ve done it, you little-”
As Tony spoke his first words at that moment, a gasp escaped from Steve. Finally. Something broke inside of him, as realization hit him like a truck. He was actually alone. Everyone was actually gone. He wasn’t just saying it anymore. He was realizing it, seeing it. Something snapped in him as one gasp turned into 2, and Steve's chest began to quake. Tears slid out of each eye as he allowed his walls to crumble. Sucking in each breath as if it were his last, he broke. He broke right into Tony’s arms, in the middle of the parking lot. All the pain inside that he hadn’t even realized was there made itself known, and he moaned in pain. Tony’s hand slowly ran circles into Steve’s shoulder.
Pepper Potts had known Tony ever since his inheritance took place. She was the only one who knew how to beat him into shape and stand up to him. She was beautiful and brilliant. Tony's heart burned for the woman as she moved her way up the company ladder, becoming his number 2. As she watched him walk off of the plane, rescued from Afghanistan, Tony could see the red in her eyes and a smile grew on his face to see the love in her eyes. With her resilience and audacity, Pepper was the one to gather the proof to convict Stane and help Tony and Rhodey bring him to justice.
“Oh, yes. My apologies. It is nice to see all of you again!”
“Oh, nothing. Just that Clint is gonna owe me a lot of money.”
Chapter 1 starts with introducing both Steve's and Tony's backstories and development. This story will alter between each of these 2 characters' POVs. It mainly focuses on Steve/Tony and developing their relationship while also developing other background relationships. It takes place before Avengers right when Steve wakes up.
Then, he looked at Natasha. She was smacking Clint who was trying to shove the rest of the M&M’s into his mouth before she could steal them back. To the right, Steve watched warmly as Thor laughed at some joke from the movie, elbowing Tony to make sure that he also heard it. Tony only grumbled and pushed his hand away. The scene was a heartwarming sight to Steve as he felt himself relax. He had found his home.
I can't believe this story actually hit 200 kudos!! Thank you guys so so much, this is amazing! I appreciate all of your comments and kudos so so much. I'm so sad that I'm coming to the end of this story, but it was so much fun to write! I really was not expecting this much of a slow burn or even this long of a story, but I promise it will be worth it!
Natasha shook her head, rolling her eyes.
"Now grab your crap." Tony slid the worker a 20 dollar bill as Steve started loading each bag onto his arms.
Breaking from his thoughts, Tony looked up to see the cashier handing him back his card and proof of transaction.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony would only nod and pretend he understood. He loved his father, adored him. Tony craved to succeed just as his father had done. He craved to just gain a sliver of pride from Howard and fill the hole he always carried in his heart. Sadly, he never felt that love back. Maria always told him that it was there, that there was some love his father had for him, but for Tony, seeing was believing. And he never saw anything, so what was there to believe?
"And you look hot!"
Opening the car door and stepping out, Tony waited for Steve to follow his action before he finally spoke up again. He could still save this. His eyes remained on the elevator doors ahead of him the entire time. “So...being gay.”
Helloooo, its meeee
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
? He sounded so enthusiastic.
Heyooo, I'm back! Ugh, this story, I love it so much. Thanks to everyone for your comments and kudos! It's so inspiring to see all the enjoyment coming from this piece. I'm trying not to make these characters out of character, but add my own twist to them at the same time. Next chapter is gonna be very fluffy and fun :)
Tony opens up to Steve a little more, helping the 2 bond. And Steve's frustrated and confused. What else is new?
“Clint wants something Disney,” Natasha said, eating a piece of popcorn.
Tony had purposefully picked this outfit along with many other options, trying to combine the style that Steve prefered while also trying to modern it up a little without totally making him uncomfortable. Standing up, Tony stood directly in front of the soldier. Thinking nothing of it, he reached around Steve's waist (or tried to at least) and tugged the button up down from where it bunched up under the sweater. He tugged the sweater too, fixing it from its twisted position. The sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, and straightened. Stepping back, he put a hand over his mouth, silently admiring his work. Fighting a grin, Tony faked a sniffle as if he were crying.
He never did.
Peggy was strong, stubborn, beautiful and kind. He saw a part of his mother in her and held a strong longing for her. He soon hoped he would be able to end this war, destroy Red Skull and his forces, and come home to hold her in his arms. Simple. They would live together, buy a small house in the suburbs, have a dog, a white picket fence, 2 or 3 kids. Whatever Peggy wanted. But of course, that's just not what life is. Life isn't simple.
The soldier turned around to look at himself in the mirror. As he did, Tony tried to calm his heart from the panic that was making it race. Why would he say something, especially in that
Torture Warning*** Fairly Graphic
(See the end of the chapter for
And so, each of them gathered the bowls of popcorn and candy and soda and filed to the couches. Clint and Natasha shared the loveseat with Clint sitting comfortably on the arm of the couch and Natasha on the fluffy white cushions. That left the recliner and large black couch. Steve watched as Thor excitedly sat on one end of the couch and Tony took the seat next to him. He was more than happy to take the seat next to Tony who was holding one of the bowls of popcorn for them to share. A spark ran through Steve as he felt his leg brush against Tony’s, who seemed totally unphased by it.
Steve felt his face heat up as he finally let go of Tony. “Oh, yeah, we were just racing to see who would get up here first.”
ago. The heat of Steve's eyes could be felt burning into the side of Tony's face, only fanning the flames to the small flutter of anxiety that blossomed inside Tony’s chest. He had already faced the judgment for that decision long ago, and he hadn’t been prepared for more, especially from Captain America himself. Not yet at least. The idea that this man, who obviously held traditional ideals, could quite possibly turn his back on Tony and abandon their friendship over a lifestyle Tony maintained, scared Tony to no end. The fact that this man also wasn’t just a normal person, but the person whom Tony’s father raved over for years and installed the urge to live up to Steve’s legacy, also fueled Tony’s fear. He never wanted to feel the need to obey his father, but this was something nailed into his brain permanently. Now that Steve was back, this need was more prominent than ever. He felt that somehow, if he was able to live up to Steve’s standards, in a way he would be not only impressing Steve, but also earning that small amount of pride that he had never gained from his Father before he passed. This was Tony’s only chance to obtain this and finally settle his uneasy feelings that still lingered all this time. If this were to be ruined, Tony would be stuck with this lack of pride forever. Therefore, with all of this in mind, when Steve mentioned this word and associated it with Tony, almost all of this hope of wholeness had vanished in Tony’s mind abruptly.
(See the end of the chapter for
A fluffy chapter as Tony starts to suspect and become confused over Steve’s emotions.
"It's just, they grow up so fast."
Oh great, just great. What article was that even? He had already came out to the public with that
Thank you all for your comments and kudos! I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy! I am so excited where this story is going and will be keeping the updates coming :)
"Tony?" Steve's voice sounded so quiet against the sound of the snow.
“That baseball game,” he looked to the radio, which was praising a player for hitting a home run. “Happened in May 1941. I know because I was there.” Steve approached her suddenly, radiating aggression. “Now, I’ll ask you again. Where am I?”
The yelling stopped. And Steve paused. The rage started to fade as his shoulders and gaze dropped again. “It hurts. And I feel it all the time. It never stops.”
I'm sorry updates have been lagging lately, college stuff :/ We are almost to the end though!!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Next time, you ride with me, ok?" He said as he clung to his brother.
“You’re in a hospital in New York City.”
"You really are a genius," Steve laughed, causing Tony to reciprocate the sound.
Update time!!! So sorry this took longer than I wanted, senior year is wild :o
When one crashes a plane in the middle of an icy valley with no hopes of being found or retrieved, they usually expect death to take hold. Of course for Steve Rogers, this was not the case. Steve remembered feeling the jolt of inertia from the plane’s collision with the ice. He recalled the feeling of sharp pain all over his body and then complete darkness. There was a second where he was freezing, not the usual freezing when the hot water shuts off or a cold breeze hits your neck on a mid January day. This freezing was piercing and unforgettable. It was painful and burned into his skin. Immediately after there was a moment of pure blazing heat and Steve woke up. His eyes remained heavy and closed, but his brain was slowly coming to. The surface under him was soft but scratchy. The index finger on his left hand twitched, moving to feel the blanket.
You guys are so incredibly amazing. Thank you so much for all the lovely comments, they are so motivating and sweet!! I know everything is getting more and more crazy, so please stay safe and make smart choices! Stay home and stay healthy :)  the one pro about never leaving my house during quarantine is endless writing time! Also, hope you like the small cliffhanger, the real tea is coming!
Slowly, the door creaked open, displaying Steve in rugged jeans, a blue striped button up and a crooked crew neck navy sweater. He was the embodiment of when you wrestle your cat into a dress against its will. His body was uncomfortably stiff, looking similar to a mannequin.
The battle is finally over and now clean up ensues. And Steve is a mother hen, like always.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was actually really excited for this. When he was a kid, he was always too sick to hang out with friends, and the only times he watched movies was by himself or with Bucky. So this was probably his first casual movie night. As soon as they burst through the stairwell, the smell of popcorn hit them, making Steve’s mouth water.
That night, he ‘slept’ on the couch, or at least tried to. As soon as the clock hit 5 am, he went for a run and then straight to Daliah. In a hurricane of panic, she was able to calm him down and convince him that what he was feeling was ok. They talked for hours about accepting your gut feelings and how unhealthy it was to deny them, to tell yourself the opposite. Steve felt uncomfortable at first, confused as to why he was in love with a man, but after a few more meetings, he began to feel anxious. They talked about the nightmare of a thought: what to do next. Daliah said he could do whatever he felt was right. Just sit by and wait, declare what he felt, act on them (in a healthy manner of course). And that was when Steve told her about courting. It was what Bucky would always do with his dames, just flatter them and shower them in affection until they responded to the actions. Daliah thought it was an amazing idea. She talked to Steve about the situation from Tony's point of view, which made a lot of sense. To see everything in perspective was helpful. Steve knew of Tony’s bisexuality and willingness towards his own gender, but that knowledge was not obvious on the opposite end. Steve hadn’t made his willingness known whatsoever. To Tony, he probably seemed like the straight soldier the media made him to be. Knowing this made it seem all the more difficult. This meant that Steve was probably going to have to be the one to make the first move.
“If he wants to pay to keep you off the market, that’s not technically against the rules, but…well, if Stark wants something more exclusive, then that can be arranged.  It’s unusual, but not unheard of.  Lucrative,” she said with a hint of speculation.  He could practically hear the wheels spinning in Ms. Romanov’s head.
Even knowing who Tony was, it took several hours and bonding with a security guard over boot camp days to actually find him in a lab in the bottom of a glass-sided building with goggles over his eyes and three coffee cups by his elbow where he sat at a workstation lined with computer screens, wires and round, metal tubes and large, smooth gears that were linked to an open-faced motherboard and spinning so fast Steve’s mind only registered a blur.
Peggy looked between them, then down at Tony.  Over the top of Tony’s head, she and Jarvis exchanged a look as the silence grew heavy to the point of awkward.  Finally, Tony peeled the paper away, the tearing sound seeming to rend the room with tiny fissures relieving a pressure.  He held up the toy in front of him and looked at it for a long moment.
"Oh, honey, you should see what else I can come up with."
"Sorry, what?"
Steve took one more long breath, feeling the anxiety in his stomach finally settle a bit. “I think so.”
The team has their first day of training, and Steve might have his work cut out for him.
Stay safe and stay home! I hope everyone is healthy and doing well!
Steve attempts to get more acquainted with this new world as he finally meets the Tony Stark.
"I-It just doesn't seem right?"
A fluffy wholesome ending ♡
Oh, right. Panic attack.
“I’m here. Better?”
He stared at her. Watching her eyes assess his own stance and body.
“Right?”
“I’m afraid...I don’t understand.” she began to back away, confusion on her face.
"Um, bisexual? It's a term in one of these articles they keep using. And...your name is here too."
"What does bisexual mean?"
Tony cracked a smile, snickering. "Ok, ok, let me help."
Tony rescues his damsel in distress, who lacks any sense of direction. Thus fluff ensues along with some mutual pining!
This chapter was so fun to write, not going to lie. That stare though, ugh, we are so close! It took all the self control in me not to make it go any further HAHA! I am loving all of these comments too by the way! Next chapter will be up soon, I just turned 18 yesterday so we got some adulting to do!
The slight frown the Steve wore turned into a small smile and a look of perplexity. "Okay? Thank you? I actually really like this."
“A cartoon?” Tony groaned, throwing his head back.
By the way, I hope that everyone is staying safe and healthy during this time! This is so scary and nerve wracking for everyone. Please take any precautions you can to help keep yourself, friends and families safe. This is something that we will all get through as long as we keep our heads and stay together :) Best prayers and wishes! <3
Nat’s words sunk into Steve and he absorbed them like a sponge. This was important and needed to be handled with expertise. He was scared to death, but so excited. Internally, he was jumping for joy that he was going to finally be a little selfish and go after this with all of him. He wouldn’t take any chances. This would be thought out and genuine, and he was going to give it his all.
“Hello Captain Rogers, how are you feeling?”
Another update! Feel free to leave a comment or kudos! And what plan do you think Steve's hatching? hhmm
“You too, Thor,” Steve laughed as they all walked to the kitchen. “So, what are we watching?”
Steve Rogers was a traditional man. He liked things to be simple and that was that. His favorite ice cream flavor was butter pecan. He liked steak and potatoes. He wanted to get married, have a family, support them with a simple 9 to 5 job, retire, and live with his loving wife in a cottage by a lake. So when he got the chance to enter the army and serve his country by participating in a life altering experiment, he was hesitant. The one thing that pushed him was his drive to do what is right. His hatred for bullies and desire to help people overrode his preference for routine and simplicity. After Project Rebirth, Steve became accustomed to change and started to become better at processing it. Going from scrawny and sickly to muscular and super strengthened was an adversity on it's own. He started out performing stupid shows as a way to gain soldiers and support America, telling himself that he was making a change, but when it came down to it, he wasn't. He wasn't making the vital difference he originally intended to do.
As Steve stood up, he watched as Thor grabbed Tony gently by the arm to help him stand up. “Yeah, of course I won. And Thor, please call me Tony.”
The car swerved. It was a slight swerve that Tony easily corrected, but still violent enough for anyone to sense Tony's surprise towards the question. The tires squealed as the car turned back onto its original course, and Tony cursed.
Steve looked back at the movie, looking as the characters interacted. Tony and this cartoon woman did share some similar personality traits. They were both sassy, confident, and smug. And Steve wasn’t ashamed to admit that he also shared some of Hercules’ traits being strong, a little naive, kind, courageous, and slightly timid. He blushed at the thought. Seeing these 2 characters show obvious chemistry made him wonder if both himself and Tony displayed the same thing so obvious to others. Although this was a cartoon, they seemed to make a perfect fit as a disney prince and princess. Steve’s face only reddened more at the thought of himself and Tony in those roles.
"Yes, definitely."
Day one of training is complete and our heroes get to know each other some more. *wink wink*
Another Chapter finally done! Thanks to all for your patience. Next chapter is gonna be overflowing with angst and fluff so get ready. The plot is thickening! Til next time~
One day, Tony literally fell out of the ceiling, into Steve’s arms, and (surprisingly enough) Steve became even more smitten. His heart filled even more with affection as he took Tony back to their room for yet another pillow fight. They fooled around like children for a while longer, before setting out to get some art supplies for Steve. The soldier’s fingers itched way too much. He missed sketching and feeling the relaxed sense he would get from it, but most of all, he wanted to draw Tony. The man always had this presence about him that Steve desperately wanted to get onto paper. He knew he would never be able to capture that essense specifically, but he wanted to try. And to maybe have an excuse to stare at Tony for a long period of time.
“Steve?" He attempted to call out. "How’d it uh...How’d it go?”
“Steve-”
Tony had underestimated how strong Steve's push for 40's style fashion was. He was consistently grabbing every plaid shirt and tan khaki pants they passed, resulting in Tony snatching them away to give him jeans and sweaters. Once they collected all they needed (or rather Tony picked and chose articles of clothing, adding them to the pile Steve carried as he trailed behind), the duo hit the fitting rooms.
Hope this chapter was fluffy and angsty enough! This is one of my fAvorites, we love a good roller coaster of emotion. I just did move into college so hopefully I can keep updates regular. I promise that I wont abandon this work, it will be finished! Theres only going to be a few more chapters so until next time! :)
The building smelt like clorox and death, causing Tony to feel even more uncomfortable. At the moment he was about to hit his breaking point, a certain super soldier was coming back down the hall. His head was down and shoulders were hunched as he trudged towards the front doors. Not even sparing a glance at Tony, he walked straight out. The genius stood up abruptly to follow the soldier outside. At this point, it had gotten dramatically colder and clouds now covered the entire sky just as the weather channels had predicted. The bitter cold started biting at Tony's ears and nose as he made his way into the parking lot. Steve was storming straight to the audi as Tony followed behind cautiously.
“You’ve been asleep Cap. For 70 years. Welcome to 2016.”
Another angsty chapterrrrr. I'm so happy for all the kind and encouraging comments, so thank you so much!! I have all the time in the world now from quarantine, so many updates to come!!
Steve's stressed. Pepper's angry. Clints scared of Pepper. Bruce is fed up with being told what to do. Bucky is suddenly russian. And poor Tony just needs a hospital. Will they be able to save him in time?
The doors unlocked and Steve practically folded himself in half again, squishing into the car. How could he have not noticed this before?
Poor Steve is trying to figure out his feelings as well as handle escalating nightmares. Additionally, just as he was enjoying the domestic team moments, someone comes to crazy the party. :O
“They are all gone. They all left me! Everyone left me all alone.” he finally turned around to face Tony, but his expression had changed. It was twisted in rage and pain. Utter pain. “She can’t even remember me. Bucky is still dead. And every single person I knew, everyone is dead. I feel like I’m in a nightmare, and I can’t wake up and no one can hear me! I can’t see, I can’t breath, I don’t know where I am. She told me to cry, My shrink. She said that I had to cry, but I can’t. Why can't I even do that? Even after every nightmare at night. After I see everyone I know vanish in front of me and I wake up alone, I can’t force a single tear. And everything is so different, it’s too different! I can’t handle this Tony. I can’t do it!”
He stood up, despite his legs protest. “No. Where. Am. I.”
His best friend Bucky's disappearance was the catalyst that he needed to push him from this hole. One of the scientists, Howard Stark, and the amazing Peggy Carter assisted him into going against orders, flying into enemy territory, and rescuing not only Bucky, but hundreds of other soldiers. From that moment forward, all of his dance routines on stage turned into organized attacks on the battlefield. With Bucky and the Howling Commandos by his side, he was able to finally make a difference.
(See the end of the chapter for
--<>--
Its finally here, much requested angst in the beginning followed by much needed fluff ^^
The metal suit in turn became Iron Man, a superhero of sorts, and was Tony's other half. It was used to destroy all of the black market stark weapons and put an end to the terrorist organizations that carried them. It was at a press conference (where the trio attempted to explain the happenings of Obadiah's insane plots) that the world heard Tony Stark state the phrase:
Thank you for reading!
Clint narrowed his eyes but also smiled wildly. “You know what else? I’d also say that the girl,  Meg, is like Tony.”
Suddenly, Thor appeared in the doorway dressed in pajama pants and a sweatshirt. It looked kind of strange to see the norse god dressed so casually without his armor. His expression of concern soon turned into confusion as he saw Steve, who was still in the stairwell. The soldier still was holding Tony’s ankle, desperate to win the race still, although Tony was right when he said he entered the room first.
Yaaayyy! Chapter 9! This one was really fun to write. The chemistry is heating up, Clint's having a grand time, Steve gets easily distracted by Tony's thighs, and Nat has never been more proud of Tony's use of her special move. I'm making it so from Iron Man 2, the 2 of them trained together while getting so close and that's where Tony learned most of his self defense from. And from Happy of course! Next Chapter has so much tea.
Steve cried. He cried, and he finally felt everything. He closed his eyes and saw Peggy. He saw her sweet smile, brown hair and the gorgeous red dress she wore at the bar that one unforgettable night. He saw Bucky’s charming smirk, and he felt his hand on his shoulder. He heard him say, ‘Til the end of the line’. He saw him falling into an abyss of snow. He saw Peggy fading from existence, from his mind. He saw Howard smiling at him and also walking away into darkness. The same happened to each of the Howling Commandos, one by one. Opening his eyes, Steve looked up and saw white. Small flakes were falling silently around them. They danced in the winter air as they weaved themselves into Tony’s hair and landed all over them.
Thankfully, Tony was too distracted with the task of backing out to notice the way the endearment caused a flush to crawl up Steve's neck. The way it sounded coming from Tony's mouth was...no, no he shouldn't be thinking this? Tony housed him, and is providing him with everything he needs. He is his best friend. And Steve's not queer. That's...ridiculous. Captain America couldn't be gay, that's not right. Steve was taught better.
Thank you guys so much for your Kudos, comments and love! I'm so happy to get this update uploaded so early. I'm super excited for this storyline, I see it going so far. Let me know what you guys think!
Inching up to the gate, Tony was buzzed into the garage and pulled into his spot with ease. The silence was more deafening now that the engine was off and the snow no longer surrounded them. Tony wanted to downright stop breathing right then as it’s volume increased, or maybe it was only loud to Tony. His brain seemed to short circuit as the sound of his pounding heartbeat grew louder and louder too. He forced himself to focus and push these ridiculous thoughts back down.
Hello againnn!!
The door opened and 2 more people stepped through. They were donned in dark blue uniforms with an eagle logo on the top.
He looked back down at Tony to see him staring softly up at Steve. His look contained no judgement, rather than Steve thought. It held understanding and patience.
"All set, sir. And here’s your receipt."
Torture warning for this chapter!! It's not terribly graphic, but just a general warning
It exploded, exposing a giant steel garage. Steve’s heart raced with adrenaline and he leapt through the hole. His feet carried him through hallways and doors until he reached one with a window exposing light. Throwing everyone out of his way, Steve plummeted through the door, eyes squinting at the sudden brightness. His head exploded with the sound of horns and sirens and noise. There were bright lights and buildings the size of mountains. The signs that littered the mountains glowed and there were cars everywhere. They seemed different. Futuristic, like alien pods almost. People surrounded him everywhere. Most weren't even looking at him, just buzzing to and fro. Those who did look at him, only glanced and continued on their way.
The more he thought about it, the more it did make sense. It was kind of funny in a way how this character’s story was quite similar to his own. The body under Steve’s arm started to shake with a chuckle as Tony spoke. “That’s actually pretty accurate. Who knew bird brain could be observant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Smut warning, its stared so you can skip if you want.
Tony was about to leap from his seat, but was held back by Steve as Clint howled with laughter. Thor suddenly boomed with it as well, slapping his knee.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ughhh, I know I know, but this is just the beginning...there will be buckets of angst to come.
“Where am I?”
The man stood with his hand on the door handle, back towards Tony. His breaths were coming in short, ragged gasps,  and Tony could even see the shaking in his hands from here.
“How about Hercules?” Clint said, eyeing Steve with a knowing look.
Only then did he allow himself a moment to look around the workshop. The King’s efforts from the night before were evident on the large, wooden table, where a long, bronze barrel, almost like a small, think cannon, with a curved hook protruding from one end and a small hole drilled in the sidewall sat.  Next to it, somewhat ominously, was a small metal pan filled with fine, black powder, and an S-shaped hook that was clearly intended to somehow be incorporated onto the pan itself by the look of the bits and pieces of metal strewn haphazardly around it in what must have been a series of attempts.  Steve had no idea for what use the thing was intended, but he knew a weapon when he saw one.  Powder that burned and blew through rock like it was wheat chaff.  It seemed impossible, but Steve had seen it with his own eyes.  Shmidt had used powder like that, Steve remembered with a slight shudder.
“Well, no. I didn’t know how.  Neither did Steve,” Peggy chuckled.
“Oh, come on.  I’ve got like a hundred of those,” Tony promised.  “Want to hear number two?”
“Tony, no island. Why do you even want an island all of a sudden? What, by all that is holy and good, is going on here?” Pepper demanded.  “Look, would you just come back to the Tower?  I’m sure this Captain…Steve…whatever…will be just fine.  You admitted so yourself, so would you just…whatever this is, would you just stop it already, before Fury puts a stop to it?  I do not need to deal with a PR disaster because you and SHIELD get into some kind of dust-up over…over whatever this is,”  Pepper requested, breathing deeply.
He wrapped his arms around Steve, kissing him again, lighter this time, and somehow scooted up the bed towards the headboard, pulling Steve with him in a tangle of limbs.  Tony rolled out from under him, and Steve followed the momentum until it was Tony laying atop him instead.
It was so much easier not to see.
“Tony,” Steve said again.
This was a side of Steve he didn’t get to see too often, if at all.  The one who had used rocks for pillows, made foxhole radios out of razor blades and pencil leads, ate the chocolate wafer of D rations known as Hitler’s secret weapon, drank water that tasted of iodine and occasionally used a helmet as a cooking pot, though Steve assured one of the men asking for a second helping of whatever mash up of foodstuffs it was that they were serving that it had been Jones’, not his own, because Jones had the biggest head.  He vaguely remembered Steve once admitting that the only thing he missed about the war bonds show was the hotel food.
“It’s about us, isn’t it?  That’s what he said.  What, did he…because I’m a janitor?  Because, what…because I quit, is that it?  Or…” Steve trailed off, frowning deeply.  “Is it the pills?  I have a prescription for those,” he said quickly and too loudly, and Tony could hear the panicked defensiveness creeping in at the edges.  “The doctor could tell him.”
“I told you, it's not you,” Steve said quickly, a flash of something bright and hot crossing his face before he turned away to stare out the window again, watching the light evening traffic pass by, sending up waves of puddles onto the sidewalk. Huh, Tony thought. There was interest there, or at least not as much disinterest as Steve would like him to think.
Steve sat up and peered down at Tony, who was tapping at his chest with one hand while the other mimed the same rhythm into the blanket.
There was a light just to the right of the front door to the cabin.  Just a bulb inside a metal cage.  Moths kept flying around it, beating themselves against the glow over and over, no matter how many times it got them nowhere. Tony could relate.  It gave off just enough light that Tony could see Steve’s face.  He was doing that thing again.  That thing where he looked at Tony all soft and slant-eyed, all careful, cautious amazement.
“Obie is…Mr. Stane?  Your dad’s friend?” Steve said, trying to recall what Tony had told him about the make-up of the Board.
Then the pain was gone, and all that was left was a deep, dark anger.  Everything went very, very calm in his head.  His mind was sharp, clear.
I am going to provide art therapy to hospitalized children, Steve reminded himself.  He looked up at Kirk, who was giving him a considering look, and Steve’s mind filled with a rush of pictures, like one of those old slide shows dialed up to the fastest speed.  Hands in the dark, chests pressed together, fingers grinding into hips, tangling through hair.  Then, they weren’t hands, they were his hands, his hands there, cupping that soft flesh, and…Steve shook his head to clear it.
“I try,” Steve sighed. “When you ask me to. It’s just when I look at you, I mostly want to get on my knees and beg you to fuck me.”
He wanted to reach through the screen and put Stane through a wall.  He wanted to shake Howard, so very, very badly, and maybe Peggy and Tony’s mother for watching all of this, but not
good.  So good, you’ve earned a reward.”  Steve could feel his skin heat at Tony’s words.  Pleasure, pride, elation, satisfaction, it all swirled around in a heady haze in his mind that he could bask in.  He had done well. He had been good for Tony. He
Steve let his head dip down to his chest.  “Well…if you have any better ideas, I’m all ears.”
“I--I don’t know,” Steve admitted.  “Maybe not. But, they are free, and Tony, that
“Off to do what?” Steve demanded.
“Come here,” Hammer ordered, leaning back and crossing his arms over his chest.  Steve started to rise.  “Eh, no.  No reason to get up.  Crawl.”  He made a short, whistling sound and pointed at the spot between where his knees were splayed, then snapped his fingers, twice.
Maybe he just didn’t have enough experience with compliments to understand they were supposed to make you feel like your skin was crawling, he thought derisively.  He looked up at Steve, who had dropped his gaze to the folded newspaper in front of him and was scanning the articles above the fold.
Steve choked on the drink of water he was taking, and put the glass down carefully, giving Tony a bemused look.
“And yet, I invite you to all manner of events, and you manage to find excuses,” Tony replied.
“Karma can kiss my ass.  And so can you, if you think that’s how it works.  This happened because some evil-ass men got up to no good. That’s it.  That’s the end of it, Tony.  Steve, he’s not going to think any differently.  He’s going to think you’re the best thing that ever happened to him, that’s what he’s going to think,” Rhodey insisted. Tony could picture the firm nod that surely accompanied the words.  “Because you are.  And if he doesn’t, then I’ll just sit him down and have a nice, long discussion with him about how you are the best thing that ever happened to him.”
“Just paint me, huh?” Kirk repeated with a frown that pulled back his whole body, as if the question were offensive.
“Because of all the talking through things we’d have done?” Steve asked, giving him a long look that went straight to Tony’s groin. “Actually, you’re probably not entirely wrong,” Steve admitted, because Steve was obviously very reasonable when he wasn’t being a stubborn, unreasonable jackass about things like custom t-shirts.  “I think you’re…insecure…about this because we haven’t…I mean, usually that would happen, but, um, you weren’t here yet when I was, ah, when I woke up…so…well.  There’s that, uh, issue.”
“Working, huh?” the guy said, brown eyes frank now, and Steve wasn’t blind enough to fail to see the interest there.  Oh.  Okay.  Well.  He blinked, unsure what to do, still holding his client’s cheap vodka tonic in his hand.
“Which is why I’m always careful,” Bruce said. Tony pursed his lips, then huffed out an acknowledging chuckle.
“It’s not just the healing,” Tony said quietly.  Steve watched him bite his lip and look away, a far-off expression crossing over his features.
“Why would I get annoyed with you?” Steve asked with bemusement tugging his mouth down.
“Who do you think you are to speak to me like that?” she spat out, then tossed her head back, sneering at Steve.  “I’ll enjoying watching you beg, I think.  You’ll almost be as pretty at it as Tony,” she replied, arching her brow.
“Uh-huh.  Gonna go look longingly at Marvin for awhile and wash it down with some Glenlivet?  Yeah, no. I’m in D.C.  I can be there in a couple of hours,” Rhodey announced.  “We’ll talk it out.  Then I’ll decide if I’m gonna to kick your maybe-still-husband’s ass or not.”
When breakfast was done, they packed up the food in containers or baggies and put it in the fridge.  Steve had now become convinced this little ritual was Tony merely humoring him because it wasn’t as if he showed up and they just popped leftovers into the microwave.  Hell, last Wednesday, there had been a chef in the kitchen when Steve arrived, talking animatedly with Tony in Italian.
“God, you’re so dramatic, sometimes,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes.
“Captain Rogers?  Um…how can I help you…Sir?”  Sheila, according to her nameplate, asked in a rather startled voice.  It wasn’t often an Avenger migrated down to one of the SI departments.  Or he could’ve just made her lose her place on Snapchat.  Hard to say.
Then, cold.  A deep, dark, long coldness.  His voice, “I just...I hope I didn’t waste it.  I hope, what I left behind, I hope it--I hope it’s
Steve swiped a hand across the steam-fogged mirror, leaving a wet slash with his own face staring back at him.  He turned off the faucet and looked down at his hands. They were clean, at least. Finally.  The nail beds were whittled down to pink and small hash-like scratches were still visible across his knuckles, but they were clean.  His face was another story.  The lower part was dark and dirt-stained, streaked with lines of sweat beading below the curve of left by the cowl.  Like a muzzle, he thought grimly, and picked up the damp hand towel, rubbing it over one cheek and then the other.
“—think that’s it.  Wait.  It’s—why is it--” a man said.  “The little green dot’s on.  I got it, it’s fine. I got—ah, shit! Hang on,” The blackness disappeared as the cap was removed from the camera lens.  The camera quirked left, then shifted up and down before correcting to something approaching a steady shot. “Okay, start over.  Sorry.”
“I, ah, I need to call my friend. Bucky,” Steve said into the silence.  “I’ll just…” he pointed, indicating the balcony.  Tony nodded and took a sip of his shake, then shot a glare at Ms. Potts.
“Dugan says a lot of things,” Steve replied, though he knew from Bucky’s shrewd look that the other man had not missed the lack of denial. He had not decided, but he had, a strange sort of knowledge of what he was going to do without the call to action that comes from acknowledging it.
Steve thought to say something else, but wasn’t sure what. He knew he would do it, though. One day. One day, he would draw Tony, just like this, even if it was only a memory. There was something incredibly intimate and alluring about the idea of drawing Tony like this, maybe because it belonged only to them, even if Tony would never see it. Steve would draw it, one day, and he would know that it would please Tony, and that… that was something. He blinked, looking up at the sun, then back down, dark spots dancing across his vision.
“Ah, yes.  We can’t have that, can we? No, no, that won’t do at all,” Zola said with a tittering laugh.  He stepped forward, so close to Steve that Steve could see the wisps of fine hairs on the man’s upper lip.  “You see, the person you will be serving tonight is very…important.
“I will make you beautiful for him. You will see.  He will not care that you are stupid,” Cam said, tossing the last over his shoulder with a sly grin.  “Something simple.  So that he can see you and will want you.  It will be better if you do not talk that much, I think.”
“That’s not what Zola meant, Tony.  I know you believe that to be true.  I know you’ve heard that your whole life, but I also know that you don’t actually have any idea what goes on under Zola’s thumb, because if you did, you’d put a stop to it.  I know you would.  So—so I have to believe that you don’t know,” Steve ground out.  “Zola wasn’t talking about sending Cam to clean someone else’s chamber pots or scuttle out the mice from the cellars.  He was talking about hurting him.  And me.  If I did something, misbehaved, rebelled, I don’t know, but he didn’t mean pleasure or status or the kind of pain you—what you mean.  He meant punishment.  Torture.”
Yes, Tony actually said that. It didn't process in his head until he saw Steve's reaction. The words had flown out of him before he could even realize what he was saying. A beet red color invaded Steve's pale skin as his eyes widened and smile faltered. "Oh, oh! In like a friend to friend way. Like, from a girls perspective, she could describe you using that word...hot."
Mostly from Steve's point of view as he goes back to Shield and meets some interesting characters. Spoiler alert, it's our 2 favorite Shield agents. ;P
"I'll show you how," her voice rang, soaked in sorrow despite her attempt at hope. "Just be there."
(See the end of the chapter for
At Thor’s comment, Natasha stood up and pointed to the tv. “Alright, it's decided. Movie time.”
Warning, slight mention of non con. Very very small part.
Thor lifted his hand to rub his chin before his eyes lit up with realization. “Oh! I see! This character, he was a weakling before, but he had the spirit of a true hero. And now he has earned the obvious body of a hero! This is quite like our friend Steven!”
"That? No, no, this is perfect."
(See the end of the chapter for
Shaking his head to attempt to clear it, he focused back onto the road, watching all the buildings and listening carefully as Tony explained the intriguing history of some. He was very knowledgeable, having the ability to just spew these facts randomly.
This chapter is a little slow, I know. But I promise, the build up WILL be worth it. I'm more excited about the chapters up next. This one was a little boring not going to lie, so I'm updating early. Just working up to develop the characters and set up the plot. It will pick up within the next few updates ^^ Thank you for your patience and support! New chapter soon to come!
The ride home was quiet, but not awkward. They each sat in a comfortable silence, each content with the day's accomplishments. The snow was still falling, slightly harder at this point and Tony wanted nothing more than to curl up on his bed and watch a movie. There were very few cars on the road as the radio broad casted the storms worsening condition. The sun had already set by then and the sky was dark with night. Each flake looked like a falling star under each lamp post the car traveled under. They danced through the air, drawing the car closer and closer to the large tower that was only a few blocks away. In the center of the dancing snow, the blue letters displaying Stark burned as a type of honing beacon. It beckoned Tony home, making him feel the days exhaustion more and more as they passed each block.
So he pushed even harder, pulling out every gun in his arsenal. He wouldn’t give up.
Steve frowned, averting his gaze once again to look down at his wrapped hands. “That’s why I wanted to talk to you. I’m so nervous. I don’t know what to do next, or if he even likes me like that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Once the thunder god caught his breath, he wheezed, “That is also accurate!”
Steve thought for a moment, and while yes he was slightly exhausted, new clothes did sound like something he needed. He was also feeling much better about himself. "We can go to the store, I'm ok now."
"Its ok, I don't want you to be uncomfortable-"
The last thing he heard as he watched the blank whiteness cloud his vision was Peggy's beautiful voice, calling out his name. Pleading him to give her an answer. To fly straight home. Safe and sound. To build a life with her. End this war. Live happily.
“Nat-”
The Avengers finally come together to protect the world from Loki's madness? Will they be able to win this fight? Who knows??
“Captain, please stand do-” before the man even finished, Steve grabbed his uniform and threw him through the back wall.
A fluffy chapter as Steve and Tony make up and spend the night together.
Feelings are finally uncovered as Steve attempts something called "flirting". The team also has their first movie night full of fluff.
I have changed the ratings for the story if you haven't noticed so please head the warnings. I'm not too graphic with it, but there's going to be more violence than anticipated with language.
Finally, Tony dragged Steve out of the store with more supplies than Steve wanted. They went back to the tower, got ready for movie night, and raced up to the communal floor. Steve had some kind of burst of adrenaline and he and Tony, once again, acted like kids as they ran up the stairs, tackling each other.
Tony tries his best to hold onto hope as he spends his first full day at the Hydra base.
Steve and Tony finally go on their date and have a loooveelyy night ;);)
All Steve wanted to do that day was make some breakfast, set up the most romantic scene he could, and prepare to put his entire heart out in the open. Too bad life has a different plan set in motion.
I'm posting a little early since being quarantined has given me so much more free time to write! This was more fluffier, but next week will be very angsty :'( Thanks to everyone for their comments and kudos; I appreciate them so much!
Shopping for art supplies for Steve was like a kid shopping in a candy store. The place was huge with so many different options and varieties of tools. He wanted almost everything in the store, but knew how selfish it was to take advantage of Tony’s wallet. So, trying to be as picky as possible, Steve browsed the isles, grabbing paper and pencils and pastels. It was becoming harder and harder to focus on what he needed as his mind kept daydreaming of what he would draw. Mostly it was a certain brunnette of course. Entering the picture frame aisle, Steve was just wandering at this point. He was just about ready to go back and search for Tony and the cart, when something caught his eye. It was a frame of 2 men and it said Love. He didn’t know why, but he picked it up and stared at it curiously. The world really was more accepting of this.
On somewhat unsteady feet, Steve slowly walked towards the doors.  He took the heavy handle between his hands and pulled, pushing his head inside.  From that vantage, he could see the light more clearly.  There was a fire set in a large hall, just behind a long, wooden banquet table and high-backed chairs carved with scrolling woodwork that Steve couldn’t make out from this far away.
“Knock it off, Clint,” Bucky said.  He jerked his head at Steve.  “You okay?”
Tony was even more silent on the path back, seemingly lost in thought, though when they did finally make it back to the carriage, he settled himself inside and leaned up against Steve to spend the entire trip curled into Steve’s side with Steve’s hand cradled in his own.
“Remember what?” Steve asked.  “Wait, required for what?”
“Oh, good, you’re back,” Pepper said. She had a tablet in her hand and an earpiece on her ear.  “Yeah, hold on just a second, Mike, Mr. Stark just walked in.  Where are we on the little bug things?”
She would tell him she understood how hard this was for him.  That was the next line. He would say that being back in the field was helping.  She would nod, tell him that was good, that he was getting back into the world.  She would send the form to Fury.  He would get his next mission.  Maybe next week, some of that would even be true.
Heat flared in his gut again, and suddenly, he had to touch Tony, to see him, with no barriers between them.  He felt Tony’s fingers curl into his own on top of the bed. It occurred to him that the only thing he was wearing was his ring, the one Tony had given him in that strange metal, and Tony would be wearing his own ring.  The one that had been his butler’s, that he had held onto despite it having little material value. The one with the symbol for living. There was something beautiful in that, Steve thought. Their rings, the thing in Tony’s chest, and nothing else between them.  He wasn’t even sure if those things were between them, so much as a part of them, now.
Steve started to answer, then remembered Tony’s admonition, and nodded instead.
“Yes.  Well,” Tony started, reaching up to tug at his collar.  “If this…offends your sensibilities, by all means, retreat to your own chamber.  Or send for Pierce, if you wish. If he can be roused from his bed to attend yours, that is.  It is of no matter, one way or the other.  I merely thought to offer.  That was clearly stupid.  Forgive me.  I—misread the situation.  Wouldn’t be the first time, would it?”
Steve slowed the fingers pumping in and out of Tony, then slowly withdrew them.  He ran his hand over his cock, coating it with what was left of the lube, then grabbed the tube and added more, until he was slick and shining with it.  Tony’s dazed eyes were on him as he shifted his stance and splayed his knees wide.
Steve swiped a hand over his brow, plastering his hair back, then tried again to work out the twist in his neck.  He must have scratched it during the night, he realized, feeling the rough patch of skin there, slightly crusted over with dried blood.   Whatever the dreams were about, he always seemed to end up aching and sore the next morning, like he had been craning his neck to see something for half the night.  Another effect of the dreams, though one admittedly far less of an issue than the other, more pressing problem.
A burst of hysterical laughter rent the air, almost startling him.  It took him a second to realize he had made that kind of sound.  This was what Steve wanted to tell him.  MIT.  Steve was sending him to college.  To learn.  To get better.  Because that would help the company.  The company.  God, of course.
down there to find Steve.
“You heard the man!” Hammer said.  “This is a man who knows what he wants and goes after it, right Tony?  I mean, look at this! I will take two of these to go, please, am I right?” he nodded his head at the two of them and waved his arm up and down in the air next to Steve.
“Now, promise me you will call your mother,” Jarvis said.
Dear God, he'd always loved how responsive Steve was to him. He could look at Tony like everything else in the world had fallen away, leaving just the two of them, bright spots in a world gone dark, and the fact that he still could—still, after all these years and everything between them--could make Tony's blood pound in his ears, wipe away every thought in his head that wasn't Steve and leave him only able to try to for short, sharp pants of air just from a look, was enough to send a surge of need snaking its way down Tony's spine and coiling in tight, warm swoops low in his belly.
“Never thought this whole prostitute thing would end with a dorky engineer boyfriend who likes to be called pumpkin and has a reptile fetish,” Steve replied, walking over to Tony and sliding his arms around his waist.   “Just lucky, I guess.”
“That man is probably a
Steve made another skeptical noise. “Is she your assistant, or your
As soon as Steve realized what Tony was asking he felt his face get red and was glad that it was too dark to see. “Just a friend,” he said stiffly. “He’s not – I mean –“
Steve nodded tiredly, and then they were off again.
“Lord Stane?” Bucky repeated after the footman scurried away. “Who the hell is Lord Stane?”
After eating, they banked the fire and laid down, Tony on his pillow and Steve on the soft grass with his blanket below him. “The stars are bright tonight,” Tony commented, and Steve opened his eyes to see that he was right; the moon was a thin sliver low in the sky, making the stars seem brighter by comparison.
“What do you mean?”
“Why would you say that?”  Tony started shifting some paperwork to make room for her to sit for their weekly meeting.
“No.” Stane leaned over Tony's shoulder to tap the picture of Barnes, and Tony barely managed not to flinch away from Stane’s proximity. “I have this man, but he refuses to give up their location. We think perhaps this other man might know where they are, but I haven’t found him yet.”
Steve waited for the current song to be over before he asked for a new one; the singer bowed as the front of the audience cheered at the request, and immediately starting picking out a tune that was fast and energetic and had the crowd clapping along. As he turned to head back to the table, his heart leapt when he saw a stranger sitting in his seat. He made his way back through the crowd as fast as he dared, hoping that the man had word of Bucky.
That surprised a laugh out of Tony, even if it ended with a thin, rasping cough. “From your lips to God’s ears,” he managed.
“I was teaching them the word of God,” Stark said mildly.
“I think it’s too close to dark to continue on today,” Steve said, reaching out to steady Tony when he almost tipped over. “I saw a stream on the way here if anyone would like to rinse the mud off,” he added, eyeing the smeared muck that covered Tony up to his knees, “and there is a clearing not too far away to stop for the night.”
“Oh? What are you proposing?”
“No,” the man said, waving Steve away. “Not injured, just winded. One of those bastards got a lucky punch to my gut just before you showed up." He wiped his hand on his pants and held it out for Steve to shake. "My name is Hassam, but you may call me Sam. And you are?”
“What if,” Steve said slowly, frowning as he turned the thought over in his head, “we give them what they want? All of them?”
Steve snorted. “Next time you decide to be a hermit in search of religious revelations, don’t pick a dungeon.”
“Or you could teach them the Bible,” Sister Virginia suggested. “Since that is your job.”
you have an heir?”
“Inshallah,” Sam said, shaking Tony’s hand, then Steve’s. “You as well.”
Steve could well imagine, given Tony’s position in the treacherous world of royal politics. “I barely know who I am without Bucky. Without the…well, you know.” He touched his chest without thinking, where the Templar cross should have been emblazoned in bright red on white.
“Of course! Stay as long as you need, you are always welcome.” Edwin patted Tony once on his shoulder. “Come on inside, you all look exhausted.”
“Yes!” He said, putting down his knife so he could dig through the box, finding his books and the simple rosary he’d bought in the Holy Land.  “How did you get these?”
“Hey, don't go to sleep, you’re supposed to be keeping me company here,” James chided him gently. Tony felt his lips curl in a smile, but he was already too close to sleep to come up with a response. “Tony?" James said, voice full of urgency, and Tony heard something clatter to the floor as hands shook him. "Come on, Tony, stay with me-"
” With that, he turned on his heel and stalked into the darkness.
and the excruciating awareness that he’d apparently brought Steve and Barnes right into the lion’s den. It took every bit of his self control not to look behind him and see if the pair were still visible through the open door. “I wish I could say it was a pleasure to see you, but given the circumstances," he said, gesturing to the funereal gloom of the hall and stepping further inside so the footman could close the door behind him, "I hope you'll forgive me when I say that the first thing I want to do right now is get a drink. Could you please join me in the study and tell me exactly what happened?”
Thomas shrugged. “Yep.”
” A hand on Steve’s shoulder yanked him back as Stark thrust forward one last time, as if trying to get as deep as possible, then Steve felt Stark’s release in the pulses of his cock against his rim. The feeling filled Steve with a glorious satisfaction that made his nerves sing, knowing that he had brought Stark such pleasure; it was enough that it almost distracted Steve from the throbbing ache of his own arousal, until the hand on his shoulder was pulling him back onto his knees until he was all but sitting on Stark’s lap and impaling him further on his still hard cock.
Steve took a deep breath and let it out slowly, staring out of the narrow window of the infirmary over the castle’s vegetable garden. It had been over an hour since they’d arrived and he still hadn’t seen or heard from Tony, and he was starting to get the uneasy feeling that something was wrong. A maid with a black band around her upper arm had brought food some time ago and scurried away without answering any of Steve’s questions, and now he was sorely tempted to go looking for answers. But instead he stayed at Bucky’s side, knowing that the first question Tony would have when he saw him again would be about the relics.
Steve looked like he wanted to argue, but Barnes was mumbling deliriously in his arms and Natasha was pulling on his elbow, so with a lingering glance backwards he followed her through the halls. Tony scanned the room for something to bar the door, aware that he couldn’t wait too long or he’d be trapped here, and there was no way to stop them all once he left his post at the door. Then a thought occurred to him. “I will give you all a sol apiece if you stay in this room for a hundred count,” he called through the door, and after a moment the pounding stopped. Tony smiled, blessing Stane’s pinchpenny ways, and took a handful of coins from his pocket and kicked them under the door before sprinting to catch up to Steve and Natasha. They were stopped for a moment in the bailey while Natasha opened the gate’s complicated set of tumblers, set deep into the stonework of the ramparts to prevent forced entry.
That he and Tony would have come so close to the relics without knowing it beggared belief; what perverse hand of God brought Bucky and Hassam together, and then had him and Tony follow so close on Bucky’s heels? “How did you meet Bucky? Why would he trust you with the relics?”
Tony shrugged as he ate. “I’ll just have to beard the lion in its den,” he said, and Steve didn’t believe the affected casualness but he didn’t say anything. That wasn’t a battle he could help Tony with. “You should go get him ready,” Tony continued. “Ana was going to prepare a tisane for us to give him while we travel.”
Despite everything, Tony barked out a laugh at that. “Hurting my feelings isn’t a capital crime, Natasha,” he said. “Stane is the enemy right now, not Rodgers.” When Natasha nodded reluctantly, with a martial look still in her eyes, he changed the subject. “I’ll send updates when I can about Barnes, and you let me know what's going on in Paris when you get there.”
“It would probably be best if we told everyone that he was touring his estates but then they both travel in disguise,” Sister Natasha said, clearing her throat as their inappropriate giggling fit had died away.  “Between Captain Rhodes, Sister Virginia, and me, we should be able to keep your little empire running in your absence.”
“There is much
“Showtime,” Tony said with a grimace, waiving away the painter. Tony pulled himself to his feet and the footman handed him his walking cane, a vanity one that he’d purchased in order to make a statement when he was acting as the Iron Cardinal. Tony leaned on it heavily as he made his way to the study, reminding himself of the stakes involved in this meeting every time he had to stop to catch his breath.
“Oh,” Tony said with a soft huff of amusement. “No, I don't have a child. A mere bastard child would not have been sufficiently scandalous to force a first-born son into the church, if you take my meaning. I go to the orphanage because I like to spend time with the children there.”
“What else can I do?” Tony said, letting himself lean on Steve for the moment as they left the study and started heading towards Tony’s rooms. “I don’t know the poison, so I can’t take an antidote. I’ve already tried all the ones that I knew of and nothing worked. As you’ve pointed out, I’m getting weaker and weaker. I’m losing feeling in my hands; it’s getting harder and harder to hold things. I’m sure the numbness will spread, and eventually my heart will just…” Tony gestured. “Stop. Or maybe my breathing, but I hope it’s my heart first, less painful that way.” He glanced up at Steve’s stony expression, then glanced away again. “You should take James and go. You should be safe now, and I don’t want you hanging around and making faces like
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Steve’s head whipped up so quickly he made the footman jump. “With
“Then I’ll rescue him,” Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest. “Or die trying.”
“I went to the Captain of the King’s Guard and pointed out that if the Templars had truly been practicing heresy, then the Templar keep was unholy ground and his men were risking their immortal souls by being inside.”  The corner of Stark’s mouth curled up in amusement as he cut a bite of chicken.  “He, of course, knew that this whole thing was political and that the heresy thing was nonsense, but it put a stop to the looting post haste.  My priests and I were able to go through the keep and gather up everyone’s personal belongings as well as some of the more, hmm,
Steve was silent for a long time, but eventually the words forced themselves from his throat from where he’d been trying to keep them behind his teeth for days now. “I can’t help thinking that we might already be too late,” he whispered. “If we are…”
Steve didn't notice Tony standing there until he was pulling the man that he had tackled to the ground to his feet and dragged him over to his injured and unconscious friends. “You didn’t want to help?” Steve asked, a little breathless with exertion. His color was high and eyes bright from the thrill of the fight and Tony couldn't stop staring, stomach swooping and heart skipping a beat.
“It means I've already ruined my life once for a man who hated the part of himself that loves me. I'm not doing it again, even if that means living without love in the first place.”
“If I say no, would you do it by yourself?” Tony said dryly, and Steve didn’t disagree. “We need to make a plan, though. Not here, though. We’ll finish eating first.”
“Maybe I was going for sainthood,” Bucky joked, and Steve just shook his head.
Steve didn’t get a good glimpse of the look on Stark’s face before he looked away. “Friend, huh? Just a friend, or a
“Good,” Tony said as he found clean bandages and rewrapped them. “They seem to be healing well. I don’t think we’ll need to call a chirurgeon.”
Tony gaped, and saw that even Steve was giving him an unimpressed look. “But – but I-”
Steve almost dropped the plate with surprise. “The Iron Cardinal?” he repeated. “You…you knew about him? The whole time?”
“Listen, Steve.” Bucky shifted, trying to sit up straighter, lips tightening a little with pain. “What’s the fifth commandment?”
“And miss my chance to sleep in a bed?” Tony said lightly, flashing Steve a grin. “Seriously, though, I think we could both stand to have some hot food and a good rest.”
“He should drink from it, obviously,” Natasha said brusquely, hip checking him to the side. She grabbed a pitcher of water from next to the basin Tony used to wash his hands and took the grail from Steve. “Hold him up.”
you here?” Steve growled, surging to his feet. The sudden flare of panic-driven anger was a force beyond his control, hot and scary, like being on a runaway horse. “You don’t even know Bucky. You’re telling me you left your silk sheets and bedmates to come sleep on the ground out of the goodness of your heart?”
“No.”  Well that was…better, Steve reflected.  It was surely better that Stark had regular employees that he occasionally asked to commit crimes instead of him secretly running a vast criminal enterprise out of a
“And what will you do if you find him?”
Steve made a noncommittal noise at that. His eyebrows drew together as he tried to imagine Tony as a simple pastor, delivering sermons, blessing babies and giving last rites. A week ago he would have dismissed it as impossible, but now... He turned his head to study Tony, running his eyes over Tony’s short hair and clean-shaven jaw, realizing that he seemed so much younger and more open here than he ever had in Paris. Which was the real person, he wondered: the dissolute Cardinal Stark, or Tony with the stars in his eyes?
“He didn’t really say, sir,” the boy said diffidently. “I just heard him say that he was here to meet with Lord Stane.”
Bucky moved out of the way as Steve sat down on the bed and took Tony in his arms. Steve made a wounded noise and looked stricken at how much weight Tony had lost, how his head lolled limply on his neck. It was hard to see a man as vibrant and active as Tony be brought so low, and Steve couldn’t resist the need to press a kiss to Tony’s fevered forehead. “Like this?” Steve said as he propped Tony up so he was reclining against Steve’s chest, head resting against his shoulder.
