The doorway to Heaven (or, as Anna called it, the pet store) was filled with adorable animals; the bell rang happily as the siblings entered the colorful store. The squeaks and barks and meows were music to Castiel's ears. Anna walked behind her brother as he reached to pet every dog they passed.
Gabriel chuckled, saying Castiel was the only six year old boy he knew that would say 'lovely'. Anna punched him. Castiel giggled and covered his mouth, hoping his father hadn't heard. Together the siblings quietly walked down the stairs, Anna holding his hand with a finger to her lips, their father was busy with a seemingly intense conversation with Michael.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Keep the $20!" Dean grinned, "You earned it!"
Dean considers this a tad annoying really; he wishes his friend would just relax once in a while. But whatever, he and Cas still have a good time together, and that's what's important. Another thing that puzzled Dean about this friendship, was how long it was looking to last. Dean wasn't gonna lie, it'd been three months, and he'd expected to have left by now. This was the longest he and Sam had ever stayed somewhere, and he wasn't sure if that was a good thing, or a bad thing.
She raised her eyebrows, "Did you just make a reference to Ferries Bueller's Day Off?"
The smile disappeared, "I just hope things between he and Cas will be alright, he was really shaken up y'know. Cas. I'd never seen him so scared."
Aunt Hael, Uncle Jimmy, Ezekiel, and Samandriel were a small family, and they were far easier to deal with than his own immediate family, so Castiel often preferred to socialize with them were he forced to deal with his family. The only others he preferred was Balthazar and his family.
Naomi shook her head, walking back to her bed and sitting down clasping her hands she spoke, "You should to stay here. What purpose do you have here? Don't you understand, Anna? Your presence only brings back
However, Naomi tended to her work far too similar as she would a business. Children were not to be treated as another number at the end of a check, he said this because money wise Naomi very well with the school. However, some people, especially Naomi, were not meant to deal with children.
"You and him sure having been spending an awful lot of time together lately, you've been talking about the guy since you met him, Dean."
Azazel nodded once more, "Of course, sir."
The preacher had been giving him what he deserved, but John hadn't deserved that. Yes, the priest made him want to die every night, but that wasn't his intention- Cas just had needed to learn to take his punishment. To stop crying out and begging for it to end, to stop sobbing over a simple punishment.
After all he only had a few weeks left, right?
He frowned, looking at his hands. "I am not certain you would enjoy my answers."
Cas' frown disappeared, eyes lightening, "Likely the latter."
my fault
Sam watched Dean with big eyes, nervously staring at the phone his brother held.
"Kay, little bro. Much as I'd like to stay up and talk about your model friend, I really do have work tomorrow. G'night, Cassie."
Dean's eyes dropped to the ground, he frowned, trying to cover up his hurt as he choked on an, "I'm sorry."
His small fingers fumbled for the stop button. His breath hitched as he heard his father screaming. Castiel knew his father's anger. It was terrifying, and he wasn't sure what Lucifer had done- but he prayed he would be forgiven.
"Oh well I've done this
"...Thank you, Cas."
Dean stared at him, mouth parted with unspoken sorrows. He couldn't just talk to Cas, could he? No that'd be too difficult. He had to be an ass instead.
He heard the warning in her voice and felt his unease only grow, his stomach churning as the conversation went on. Anna looked at him unsurely and he felt even more disappointed with himself than he had with Naomi. How could he be so rude? He was being bad, he needed to be quiet, he needed to be good.
"Uh, right. Sure, sorry," Dean said unsurely.
She frowned, "Y'know, Clarence the angel? Every time a bell rings an angel gets its wings?"
She waved as she drove away, "Bye!"
Dean smiled, "Heh, alright," he opened a card to reveal a Star Trek card.
He shook his head, "That's impossible, you two are twins."
Cas smiles with something that doesn’t quite meet his eyes. He ignores the part of his brain that asks him why Dean puts up with someone as awkward and awful as he is. Dean can’t hear his inner turmoil, and he can’t assume to know what Dean is thinking. Dean doesn’t mention that Castiel never answered his question, and a part of Castiel kicks himself for not giving Dean what he wants. Why doesn’t he ever just give Dean what he wants?
Dean's eyes widened further, and his words tumbled out of his dark mouth, "Well, I mean, maybe once or-"
! He was sounding, and acting, like a child- and it was ridiculously sweet.
Dean smiled, chuckling, "Never mind, Cas."
He had been crying for 10 minutes now.
"Well no, I... the priest he- I..."
"Birthday!"
“Anna is practiced and aware of potential health risks, thus she is more prepared,” he said. “Abstinence only is an inefficient form of sexual education, Dean Winchester. You should know that.”
After five minutes in silence, it seemed clear he would not being expand on the question.
Cas’ unblinking eyes reflected Dean’s pink cheeks. Dean blushed deeper, self conscious as he felt the warmth spread across his skin. He raised a hand to rub his face.
"No, we haven't had the
He frowned, cocking his head.
Cas laughed before opening the door, and leaving the car.
"Don't you say that," Anna said sternly, "I won't hear it, because it's not true."
Cas' Adam's apple bobbed, "They wouldn't believe you."
dirty."
"Don't be so facetious Dean, this is a serious matter."
Even when he listened to others’ advice he couldn’t fit in.
“It’s alright,” she whispered.
She smiled, eyes flickering down to him. "My... what?"
Psh, talk about awkward family dinners.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever- nobody can afford to care about every lie they tell anyways. Now, you don't have to if you don't want to, but we'd really like it if you would come back Clarence- don't let some weirdo ruin you having a good time."
The skinny one laughed, digging his grubby nails into Castiel's hands- he whimpered, body shaking as another man unbuttoned his shirt, dirty fingers trailing down his cold, shaking chest. Why? Why, why did he have to listen to Crowley? Why did he have to keep his secret? Why did he have to be bad?
Zeppie smiled at them both, paws waving in the air as Sam pet him. The German shepherd's tongue hung out of his mouth as he looked at Dean, almost encouraging him to speak. He held back a laugh at Zeppie's big, soft brown eyes.
, "I was...
Castiel stepped into the car, clicking his seat belt as he looked out the window. The small, white building hardly seemed intimidating from Anna's car. He turned his head to thank her and was surprised by the driver.
“Hey,” Anna managed, struggling not to step on her hand, “maybe one day that’d be you up there. You never know. On the offhand chance you do go a game show, please try not to lose.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, laughing as he walked over to the small, old, weak kitchen counter, where Cas sat on an easily breakable stool, "What are you doing?"
And I do appreciate you being 'round
"Are you alright miss? You seem rather lonely," the man said, interrupting her thoughts.
He turned from staring ahead, "Yes?"
"Well I wouldn't want to waste your time. And Castiel is important to you?"
"I think we're good here," she said with a smile. "Thanks."
"Of course. What better way to talk about yourself comfortably?" Her closed smile parted to show happy, white teeth.
"So what's wrong with that? Is manly man, plaid wearing, Danny Zuko afraid to say how he feels
Cas frowned, his brow furrowing as he turned to see Anna, who was watching him from their door, "Thank you, Anna."
"While I do see your point in this particular situation, some might argue education to be rather important."
"No, I said there was room for improvement."
"Don't we have work to do?" Castiel said, shaking his head as he put his book bag away.
Sam turned to him, "I just wish I could get away sometimes, y'know?"
You shouldn't be upset with dad, or angry, dad was right. And Dean was wrong. End of story.
Aliyah shone a light in Castiel's eyes but in that light he became more and more aware of the darkness which had enveloped him. How was he to accomplish anything on his own?
high school students at that. For god's sake I'm not Leo Tolstoy."
Castiel looked up at his sister from the floor, the thing was... He didn't want to see Dean. He wanted to run and hide and curl into a ball in the darkness and never see him again. He didn't want to dirty his friend, he didn't want to taint him with how bad he was.
"Yes?" He asked; his head turning as he looked for Dean in the hallways.
Cas frowned, tilting his head, "Why would you not graduate? You will, Dean do not-"
"Cas-"
," Cas cried, shoulders shaking with sobs. "I ruined her! I ruined everyth-h-h-hing! She hates me, she
Castiel had found Dean took much enjoyment from driving, not only from his expressions at school when speaking of it- but now from his own personal experience. He did not consider himself very knowledgeable of cars, but he could understand why the teenager cherished the car so exceedingly. It was a 1967 Chevrolet impala he had been told- pridefully, if a little highfalutin at times.
Castiel waved, other hand on his cheek. The car started quietly, Sam waving as they pulled into the roast and drove off. Dean smiled at the Novak's as the impala drove away. Castiel turned back to the house, eyeing Gabriel as he opened the door.
Alastair dropped him to the ground, sighing as he turned to walk of the disgusting room, "I'll go get the claw hammer."
Sam smiled softly, “That’s true. It will be nice to see a few familiar faces for once.”
'Lying is a sin you know.'
"But that is what happened?"
Gabriel really hated seeing his family fight, and he was guilty of leaving the house and working more often than he should, when he knew there would be arguing- he hated seeing his family fight. He couldn't take it. He didn't know what to do half the time, he wasn't Michael- Naomi wouldn't listen to him.
Cas simply chuckled, putting in the key (Bobby had made Cas a spare since he was so fond of it), turning the ignition, switching to drive, and lightly pressing on the pedal without any help at all.
"I would never turn on my brothers," Cas growled.
Gabriel bit his lip once more,"Cas we've been looking everywhere but she's-
Sam rolled his eyes, "You guys are three years older than us, not thirty."
"Well... thank you," Cas blushed, staring at his hands.
Sam rolled his eyes, hand still resting on Zeppie. "With you and Cas, what's going on?"
Well, no one said a thing about it.
-and Dean Winchester is really sick of it.
"Where has Sam picked up this attitude?" He snapped. "Have you been setting a bad example?"
Dean was shocked to find Castiel had never seen a single Back To The Future movie, and had quickly asked Anna if they owned any of them.
Castiel looked over at Dean, who was smiling softly. Obviously this place held a lot of memories for Dean; he could see this as his eyes fondly swept over the landscape they walked across, pointing things out to Cas now and then.
She soothed him as if she were speaking to a child, as if Castiel was an infant.
Anna bit her lip, "Castiel, I am so sorry- I promise, I will be right back."
His green eyes flickered over to the paper beneath Castiel’s hand. The silver pencil rested between Cas’ long fingers, small dashes dancing from beneath his grip and onto the page.
It was all very kind of her to do so. However, it would be selfish of the seventeen year old to make her tolerate his presence any longer than necessary. The blue eyed boy knew she was likely itching to talk to someone of value. Or, at the very least, someone who could hold a normal conversation.
"So Dean, the 24th is coming up- do you wanna do anything?" Sam asked with a smile, it dropped as quickly as it had come, "Unless you don't wanna do anything- which we don't have to, by the way. I just... I just thought I'd ask."
Dean grinned, "Oh, I see- I just
"Because Castiel is good, and kind- he deserves your respect," Anna said with a glare as she walked to their door, slamming it after saying, "And so do I."
He frowned, "And no one would lift a
He shrugged, "Okay."
Dean smiled, raising his eyebrows obnoxiously, "Oh, and what would you name your bundle of rug rats, Cas?"
If Dean was withholding an explanation it was surely for a cogent reason.
Cas frowned, "Of course not, Uncle Zachariah means well."
"No, my boyfriend's in the bathroom."
Dean frowned, looking up from the car briefly, "What? She shakes a bit when I start up and when I turn her off. 'M gonna have to check the motor mounts when I get home- most likely the idle speed is too slow when the engine starts."
What could Castiel give Dean which he was truly passionate about? Yet still minuscule? Castiel wanted to present the young man with a present that would show the depth of their friendship, to show how much he knew of him and how he cared for him.
He lied.
Anna breathed in sharply, "Gabriel, I really don't have time for this."
Charlie looked at him with a straight face, and broke out into a grin, laughing loudly. “I like you,” she managed through her laughter.
“Well, I am not most kids.”
Dean smiled at Cas' speech, his eyes gliding over to his friends now and then- seeing if they approved. His friends all seemed happy with Cas, as he had figured they would, but still- it was nice to know they liked Cas. None of them mentioned Cas suddenly appearing, nor did they ask why he hadn't before.
I never needed anybody's help in any way
She couldn't help but think of Castiel finding the letter. Oh she would hate for that, Castiel couldn't be the first to find that letter. It needed to be Michael, or even Naomi- Gabriel would be moved, but he could handle this better than Castiel.
"But-" he sighed, furious that someone could make Cas so frightened, "We gotta find Cas," Dean said, looking around for him as he talked.
"Sam Winchester," she said with a frown, "are you making a
Dean turned around, grabbing Sam (thank god he still had two inches on the kid, height wise. Probably the same for down there if his constant whining was anything to go by) by the neck and messing up his hair with his hand, "Don't tell me what to do, Sasquatch!"
Dean nodded, glad to see Cas was relaxed for once. Everything had been lies and awkward silences and open stared lately, the last one Dean was used to- but honestly? He had been worried their relationship would be too strained with all the secrets there were.
The sound of an old key turning behind the door was the couple’s only warning of an entrance.
Wherever Anna was, Cas hoped she would come home soon. Of course, there was the possibility- oh, who he was kidding it was more than just a possibility- that Anna had left and wasn't coming back. It's okay though, he was fine with that.
Castiel shook his head.
Cas frowned, "As if you are not? Don't act as if you are so inconspicuous, Dean Winchester."
"Cas, I-I didn't mean-"
He lowered him down to the ground, "I'm only gonna say this once. If you touch a hair on their heads, I will tear it all down. Whatever arrangements you're trying to make, I will end them- and I will find you. I have brothers Crowley, and you
Cas frowns, confused, but content to listen. Dean notices this and waves a hand dismissably.
Lucifer frowned, "Mr. Henriksen, I don't believe that has ever been a charge of mine."
"Alright everyone, y'all better be settling down," Mrs. Mosley said as she closed the classroom door.
"Yes, well, as charming as you are- I can feel the amount of cockiness radiating from you, it's keeping me up actually."
"Hey, where's Cas?" Dean asked, green eyes scanning the lunch room.
Castiel laughed, but it was missing the gravelly chuckle that Dean normally heard, this was darker. His laugh sounded self deprecating, dark, and as if he was holding back so much more... Cas sounded as if he was in the edge of hysteria.
His red eyes moved lazily around the room, too tired and too embarrassed to meet Aliyah's kind face. Life was wrung from him like water from a rag. He felt the fabric twisting and tightening around his body until his energy squelched and squirted to the floor. He seeped through the carpet like piss over new clothes, disgusting.
After all, nothing could stop water.
"Ugh, you're no fun- Anna, would you wolf whistle with me?"
Castiel sighed and raised his finger to his lip, “sh.”
Now Castiel seemed almost afraid, he was frightened of being deemed unworthy and unlovable. God scared Castiel, but he was also afraid to not spend all of his time praying and pleasing him, because he knew he was not worthy of God’s love or attention. God’s power was not spoken of in wonder as it had once been. The Lord was no longer a powerful hero, he was a feared judge of evil. God was filled with unimaginable power and strength, so Castiel hid with as much heart as he could, knowing the power of God’s creation.
The boy stopped going through his locker, his arms pulling out of the locker sharply. Castiel's body tensed, and he slowly turned around to see Dean. The green eyed teenager strode down the hall, leaving Sam at his locker as he approached his friend with questions.
Cas nodded, surprised- and slightly fearful- that she had called him, "I am sorry, I didn't realize he was growing impatient."
"I'm not entirely sure yet, I suppose I'll call you when I am."
Oh no, now Anna was angry. He'd caused problems for her. He'd upset her, oh god he'd upset Anna! Anna was the only one here he could count on, Gabriel was too busy with work- Anna was always there. Now he'd ruined everything.
Sam walked into the room, grinning as he brought in a green paper bag.
"That is Dori, correct?" Cas asked as he cautiously turned around a other pile of smashed cars.
"Naomi," Anna said softly,
Gabriel shouts.
Dean shook his head, knowing his stupid sappy sob story would just annoy Cas, he'd just have to cut him loose before Cas could do that to him, “No, Cas- I just- I just gotta go."
He could picture it now. John would come home celebrating the police or cursing them, and then they would leave. John wouldn't want a giant dog in the car for hours. He'd say the car wasn't going to be ruined by a mutt, he'd be angry.
Crowley scoffed, "Apparently not a very smart one."
He breathed in deeply, lungs still burning. His chest was wet and warm, lungs burning from his screams. His head snapped from side to side in panic, scanning the room for danger. The only moving thing in the room was Zeppie.
If nothing else, Castiel can drive.
Naomi and Michael hurried down the stairs, but in an orderly fashion- never displaying emotion as they hastened their pace down the steps. His brown eyes lifted to see them, nodding when he was met with expressions as equally impassive as his own. Lucifer held back, glaring at their uncle from the steps.
Dean chuckled at the similarity, "Oh the stories I could tell."
But now these days are gone
Hands were on him, running up his sleeve.
Castiel nodded, and okay, he was allowed to hug her. Because Anna wanted this, Anna needed this. Not him, he didn't need comfort- he was strong, he was going to be okay.
He shrugged, "Thanks- the way I see it thought it's been 18 years now. There's not much anyone can say or do to change it. Believe me I watched people try, my dad was really religious before but if he didn't go crazy with it after she died- everything had to be perfect, we all had to be examples and show what a great mother she'd been by being the best we could, making her proud."
"I'm sorry Meg, I just wanted you to have fun. And D-Dean, I just wanted to show you I could be normal. I'm sorry, I-I suppose I have ruined Jo's party."
"Of sorts," Gabriel said with a shrug. "I mean you guys practically said you loved each other."
Dean scoffed, "It's kinda my job to determine the best burgers of a city."
He shook his head, returning her keys before unbuckling. "No, thank
"When I-! I get I can be an ass but you're being such a hypocrite. Sorry pot, didn't realize we were calling each other black now!"
But, like with most things, Dean failed. He tried to spend time with him, he tried to provide for him, and he tried to keep him away from their dad- but it never seemed to be enough. How many times had Dean worked himself to exhaustion providing for his little brother?
Cas directed his attention towards Jo, his body and folded hands turning slightly to face her, "Yes?"
Cas nodded, "Of course I have."
and whatever the hell else you wanna call me- I really don't give a fuck-but you got no right talkin' to Cas like that. You're family and if I learned one thing from my fucked up family it's what families are
“I can’t sit there,” he said with a frown. “It will hurt me.”
"Right, because when I'm in a bad mood I always sing and laugh and smile."
"I've seen the little notebook you use to remind yourself to tell Cas jokes or stories you think he'd like," Sam said with a soft smile. "You've always got it with you."
"Oh!" Dean turned around, grabbing something off the chair behind him.
Lucifer sighed, "And somehow- yet again- I'm made to look like the bad guy. You're the one who snuck in, you're the one who lied to me- why should I be blamed for what you do? It certainly isn't my fault you're in this situation."
It's Castiel's birthday and they're all gonna have a good time.
Dean scoffed, "Please, I'm not afraid of some slimy high school drug dealer."
His eyes returned to her tired, worm face. Was she making a threat, or a joke? Deciding not to take his chances, Dean quickly excused himself and headed towards the lunchroom. He cursed Sarah Woodland and her gorgeous blue eyes- wasn’t she supposed to keep him awake?
"Don't say that," Cas said with a frown. "Don't
Charlie broke out into a grin, "Obviously you're his."
Anna wanted to see her little brother.
And that was how Castiel ended up in the driver's seat, Anna smirking the entire drive.
She rolled her eyes, and Sam smiled- this was one of the many reasons Sam and Jessica were getting along so well. Both were relaxed around the other, which was something Sam would take in bounds- relaxed, easy, fun. Sam had met girls before that were too intense, they were too interested in his past, and not him. Not that Sam would turn someone away if they had baggage of course, that would be plain hypocritical. Simply that, he had girls his age that were rather abrasive- and Sam just wanted to get away from it all, talking to Jess wasn't that way. Talking to her was easy, fun, happy.
"Cas," Dean said with a frown as his boyfriend continued to wash the dishes, "you don't have to do that, you're my guest."
"You are in
A grin crawled up her face like a snake, "Crowley dear, are we really this distant now? We used to be partners." Her sickening smile grew, "Hell, you used to be my bitch. Did everything I said, ran all around making deals whenever I asked. Who was that little boy of yours? The curly haired one with the thicker accent?"
"No, no thank god, he- he didn't throw something at Lucifer. Just the steps."
"Anna, I'm- I'm- I'm not good! I'm not a good person! Just get away from me! Just get away!"
Castiel looked at their tangle of limbs and the game they were both currently slipping on, and he laughed. Anna looked at him in surprise before she began to laugh once more, the two siblings laughing as they attempted to get up- slipping each time they did. And this is how Gabriel found the two youngest Novak’s, collapsed on the floor and laughing.
“Of course not.”
He hit his arm with his next words, "You've got
Crowley's calm expression turned into a glare as he strode towards the pierced man, who now looked at him fearfully.
Whatever it was, his brother seemed to be handling the affair quite well. Castiel had never understood the constant calm his brother posessed. Mr. Novak was very tall.
Charlie broke into laughter again.
'He doesn't need you.'
"Family problems," Cas grumbled.
Cas closed his eyes, gritting his teeth, "Amelia. She's a friend of Anna's, they're in the same nursing class, she's come over, they were in school together! That's- that's probably where she is."
With a laugh the siblings climbed into the car, they continued to sing as Anna started the car. The guitar music continued to stream from the car as they both sung.
Sam frowned, handing him a nicer- ironed- shirt, "Here, take the white one off and put the green shirt on."
, Aliyah."
Dean glared at him, "Four months, man. Four months!"
"Well... I am not- I have trouble explaining my emotions to others, I would rather keep such feelings to my own person."
He almost laughed, now why had he thought that? His laugh was cut off by the slicing response within his mind.
"No, if the cross were to fall on anyone, it’d fall on Gabriel and rid us of his stupidity."
to make your own breakfast this morning? The answer to both, is no. But since it’s no, the other had to help out." He held up his pencil, standing to his feet,"
"Shouldn't they play a harp or some angelic shit? Maybe you could randomly hear a chorus of angels singing or some shit like that. I mean, bells go with church bells I guess- but I feel like that's kind of a random instrument- and it's not even that cool. If getting your wings is so important, how come you just get the jolt of a little bell? I mean, come on, I'd want an electric guitar to start belting out Led Zeppelin or something cool if I got my wings- not the wimpy jingle of a little bell."
Dean's head snapped up to look at his father, an expectant look on his face. He raised his eyebrows, a small smile in his mouth- dad hadn't been yelling!
Dean scoffed, "Don't you have a room to clean? This whole house is a mess."
Meg looked at the stout teenager before them, then back to Castiel. She was never sure of her position on this matter, was she sup posed to stick up for Castiel? Who always insisted he handle his own affairs? Or should she simply be quiet and appease to his request?
Dean stroked the back of Cas' neck with soft fingers, "I could....go..." he murmured as he licked the insides of his boyfriend's mouth, "now...if you....want."
Mark Sheppard    Castiel Novak
...."
Cas sighed, approaching Dean with a frown. Dean noticed the defeat in his stature and looked over at him with worry, concern clouding the pines of his eyes.
She shrugged, "Wouldn't be the first sibling."
Crowley King was an unashamed dealer, and despite being shorter and stouter than some he was more of a threat than anyone in this school. Not just another sleazy, sketchy, scumbag- no, Crowley had a way of being a snake, something that slithered in the dirt with bugs and other infestations, and yet one would move for him in fear of being bitten. He smirked when he saw Castiel, approaching him with quick, silent steps. The taller senior masked his discomfort with his usual stern frown, waiting for the inedible as he opened his locker.
Andy continued to tap his pencil against his desk. The incessant noise had been pounding against Sam's ears all class. It was as if all other noise flew past him, but the constant slap of the pencil against Andy's desk was cutting into his brain.
Sorry if this is kind of late, finals are coming up and I've been really busy- also, I didn't have wifi for five days, so that made this a tad more tricky.
"I thought you said respect had to be earned!" Sam shouted back, "You always treat me like a kid, shove my feelings aside! Why should I be any different to you?!"
"I have never been so willingly vulnerable with another person. I understand I can shut you out and you can do the same. We should be toxic to one another, not attracted. And yet we are together." He smiled softly, "I enjoy being with you Dean. I do not mean to push you away and I apologize for when I do. I care a great deal for you. I want to be honest with you; I want to share things with you."
Dean, Sam, Meg, Jess, and Cas attend a party. Anna and Gabriel are excited. Castiel is nervous. Dean is nervous. And Sam is laughing at Dean's worrying.
He stood up to dump his plate in the garbage, "be right back," he said to the table of friends.
Dean whistled as Cas smoothly turned the car, "Nice! Someone's been practicing."
Cas' shoulders deflated, "Oh."
"No one knew any better than the lessons our father taught us, so no one in the household could help me- but you see, that's alright. I managed just fine on my own, Azazel," Lucifer said calmly.
Cas' eyes widened slightly in realization, and he nodded gratefully at Dean before turning to Ash, "Oh, nothing of import I suppose."
Cas tilted his head, brow furrowing, "What?"
Sam sighed, rolling his eyes, "Yes, Dean, I'm sure."
Castiel frowned, grumbling, "Dean, you should know this argument will not bode well for you."
"Castiel," she spoke softly, fearing her suspicion would be confirmed. "Castiel what didn't you like? Did something happen?"
He had, more often than most children- but then he had a different look in his eye, God was full of wonder and possibility back then. He was all loving and forgiving, he could create a universe as easily as Castiel could breathe, and he would never leave you. God was filled with unimaginable love, and Castiel loved with as much heart as he could, knowing the importance of God’s creations.
Dean laughed, "Now- now you see?!"
"Dean," Sam mumbled from against his arm. "People are staring."
Dean looked over at his friend, "Cas, if you like their playing so much why don't you ever listen to real rock and roll? More guitars and I’m sure you'd rather have that over the hippies 70's music- though that wasn't bad."
"What if you'd done something Naomi? What if you'd flunked something or gotten pregnant or we found out you weren't dad's kid and that caused to Dad to finally leave? How would you feel?"
Dean raised his eyebrows again, "So you had sex?"
He sighs, counting backwards and focusing on Dean’s thumb which has somehow found its place on top of his hand, tucked in between his thumb and his closed palm. Cas blinks, tilting his head as he runs through the situation one more time. Dean isn’t upset, he reminds himself.
"I understand your reasoning- if I disagree with it- for being cruel to me, but Castiel has done nothing to deserve your condescension," Anna said with another glare.
"Oh, I- I'm sorry. I just- Dean, I, I'm not an angel."
Luckily, the only one home was Anna and she had been worried about him- but not angry, asking him to tell her if he planned on staying over at Dean's house. Cas had been pretty surprised by that, if his reaction was anything to go by, since apparently he thought Anna would be mad. Now Dean knew Anna didn't mind though, and if asshole Zach wasn't here he'd use that to his advantage and have Cas over.
Anna opened the door with a smile, glaring at Gabriel before Dean stepped in.
friends," Dean corrected.
"Hey!"
My independence
She rolled her eyes, "You were raised to be better, don't be pathetic."
"Well if he had been born a month earlier than we'd be the same year. It's not my fault, Gabriel- and why are you assuming I am pursuing him in a relationship?"
"Why don't we allow
Dean laughed, "What, I'm just saying, you seem to have a knack for everything."
Dean wiped a fake tear, “Then we mine as well make it worth their while.”
"Clarence, no, don't worry, really. I should be making more of an effort, not you- geez your damn sister's missing and I've been sitting over here idly keeping silent. I've been meaning to make an offer to help you look for her, I just... I don't know how to say it."
He wished he hadn't said anything to Dean. He wished he'd just kept his mouth shut. He wished he didn't always have to ruin things, he wished-
Their meeting place was typically this abandoned building, though occasionally they would begin in the alley on heir way up to this building. Perhaps Lucifer would meet in a more public place if he was not so powerful- but, granted he was, he did not fear anyone would try to harm him. So Lucifer had his meetings in a dark, dusty, abandoned building- on the corner of an old street, in a particular rough patch of the city.
"You know, I don't ask for a lot," John said through the phone. "Take care of your brother, that's all I ask of you. That's the only thing I've ever needed from you."
Castiel shrunk away from his younger friend, something that made Dean stop in his tracks.
The wood of the wall next to him shattered, the force throwing him back. The casing of the wall was weak and dirty, dusty and old, the bullets causing parts of the wall to fall. Castiel covered his mouth, paying no one would see him.
Calls me
At that point, they had decided it would be wise to run.
"I-I know. I just- I just- it's just that my friend was-"
Naomi rolled her eyes, "On top of everything else that's wrong with you, now you can't speak? Spit it out, Castiel."
you. But you fell from perfection the moment you left your dying mother's womb.'
"Cas," Dean stepped closer, "Cas please! Listen to me!"
Cas looked at the coat he wore, "Must I?"
Cas leaned forward, his fingers a breath from Dean’s shoulder. “Are you alright?”
However, so rarely did he witness Dean behaving complacent in any manner, that Cas found he was not bothered by Dean's ebullient informational speech of his car, despite being repetitive at times. It
Castiel raised his eyebrows before speaking once more in his solemn way, "as in you are both devils and whiny."
you w-w-will," he said, wiping his eyes.
“Hey Castiel, did you hear me? I said dinner’s ready. Are you finished with your work?”
“I didn’t write that,” Dean said with a shake of his head, eyes glued to the ugly words in front of them.
She smiled, "I mean I love him but Cas isn't who I'd choose to talk to about dating, he's too closed.
Cas simply turned around, grinning, "You're gonna like it!" He said happily.
Dean's frown turned into a glare as his eyes focused on Bobby, Cas hiding a smile as he too redirected his attention.
Castiel hadn’t been able to sleep through their father’s snores as he laid next to his mother in her bed. Their father had complained that Castiel moved around too much in bed, that the boy kept him up and ‘their bed wasn’t big enough for three people.’
Dean laughed, "So that's how this relationship is huh? I annoy you?" Dean said with a grin, careful not to say Cas was an old man and he a child.
Meg shook her head, smiling, "Cause April was really weird that's why. She was obsessed with reapers and death, and she was really manipulative- my point is, you had a right to be creeped out by her."
Naomi's eyebrows rose ever so slightly, "
Dean listened to their dad, he followed him around- what would Dean say if Sam didn't want to be a cop, didn't want to serve in the marines? That wasn't Sam! He could never be a strong, brave solider like John wanted him to be.
"No she was stumbling around and laughing about everything," Lisa said, brown eyes flickering from face to face of her gathered crowd.
Dean nodded, raising his eyebrows at the blatant honesty. "I uh... I'm sorry to hear that."
Sam knew it was kind of weird to talk to a puppy, but Zeppie- god, he still thought that was a ridiculous name- was nice, and hey, they were on a walk. Though they probably should have gone another day, considering how dark the sky was becoming.
Castiel frowned, "I don't understand, I previously believed us both to be room temperature."
Cas was good at ice skating- like, really good.
doing right? Huh? What was so great about her?
Cas frowned, "My qualm is... people seem to think I have irregular speaking patterns."
"Yeah, I-I think so. I mean, not that I'm a jerk or anything- I didn't mean I was unsure like it was unknown- I just... Well we haven't talked in a few days, and I'm worried about him."
. "I think- I think your judgement..."
Dean is strong and steady, he’s here to listen and he admits when he is confused and unsure how to go forward. Communication is one of their more recent traditions. Castiel learns that Dean is afraid, not because Cas thought him fearless, but because… because Dean is always so willing to shove his feelings aside and persevere for the sakes of others. That can’t happen, and he and Dean know that now. Castiel understands they can no longer afford to stand on different sides of an argument. Now, when they argue, it isn’t Castiel Novak vs. Dean Winchester. It isn’t Dean vs. the priest or Cas vs. John. Every problem in their life is separate from the other. But, if Dean wants it to be and Cas feels the same, its Dean and Cas vs. the problem.
"You do it every time I drop you off, Cas. Every time. And when I think you haven't, I'll find it tucked in my glove compartment or on your seat."
Dean glared at Naomi, huffing out an angered breath. God if it wasn't for Cas' pleading stares Dean would have snapped at her an hour ago. Geez her sister was missing, and she was just being a bitch about it.
Cas made a small noise of surprise before earnestly pressing against Dean. Yes, yes he could do this, this he could do. God he loved kissing Dean. Dean's eyes widened before he sharply pulled back.
He bit his lip, nodding his head, “Suppose I am.”
Anna shook her head, sitting on one of their wooden stools, about to eat some of her pancakes when Castiel ran into the kitchen, still buttoning his trench coat as Anna noticed his messy dark hair which stood up in all directions. She sighed, putting down her fork, and walking over to Castiel. She raised an eyebrow and he looked at the floor, dragging his foot across the wooden floor.
Dean frowned, turning to face the girl, “Are you talking to me?”
His mouth quirks to the side when he looks at Castiel and there is a sadness in those green eyes that Castiel can’t hold in his hands, but he feels the weight of it against his chest. Cas is prepared to ask a question when he hears a sharp hitch in Dean’s breath. Blue eyes are instantly on Dean, scanning his face for a bruise or a hurtful truth. No, there’s nothing to hurt him here. Dean is just expressing his emotions, Cas reminds himself, and when people express emotions it means they have to actually emote.
She wore a green shirt. It was covered in thin stripes, clean and professional. Her eyes, similar to her voice, were kind, peaceful, intriguing. Castiel liked her right away.
Dean threw his hands up in the air as they walked into the living room, "You know what Cas, I get not wanting to talk to me about stuff- but if you're gonna lie, at least do better job."
"Hey, it is September 14th- despite being very early, winter is going to be here in a few months," Sam said from his spot at shotgun.
Castiel frowned, looking up from his notebook, "I assure you Gabriel and Anna are not engaging in any Oedipal like liaisons."
"What, Mr. Pretty Boy Angel over here is gonna chicken out?"
He snickered, stepping towards her. "Oh my gosh Jess."
"But I would have a family- me, Jesus, and God!" He’d said with a smile. "Would that not be great?!"
"No. I just- I didn't want you to worry. Calm down over there kiddo, whatever you're worried about will be fine. Besides, you've got more than four minutes to save the world."
"Yeah, but-"
It was silent. Dean frowned, why did Cas have to be difficult? Ugh, damn Cas and his need for Dean to love his stupid self. Though if Dean was being honest, Cas’ intense staring did make him a little uncomfortable.
"Is something else bothering you, Dean?" His eyes narrowed. "Or am I not allowed to ask about that now either?"
Still, Cas didn't understand why he and Dean didn't just entertain themselves within Dean's room; it wasn't as if he hadn't been over there before. Not that he was inviting himself over! It just seemed more logical to him, than Dean using up his gas and not being able to properly relax, due to his necessary focus on the road.
Castiel stared at Dean for a moment, the ever present frown still present on his face, "You... would like to....hang out...with me?"
Castiel fumbled with the coat he had just buttoned. When had he done that? It was stupid of him to wear this, stupid of him to button the coat indoors, stupid of him to question Dean.
"You know they're social creatures?" She stared through the glass as she spoke, "They actually love to be together. Guinea pigs are supposed to be in herds. He used to have a buddy but the little guy was just too small, he couldn't make it. Now this little guy's all alone."
"No, no, believe me- I understand that one, but... what did you say people do?"
Dean scoffed, "Of what, you? Please… bitch."
"You know what, I can't have this conversation with you- not when you're being so stubborn, you're always so stubborn."
Kevin shrugged, 'Sorry?'
Dean smiled obnoxiously, "But you love me."
"Meg has nicknames for everyone," Cas said, not looking up as he turned the page in his anatomy book.
They crossed another street, the puppy wagging his tail as they did so.
The room's soft, purple curtains moved gently with the approaching summer's breeze. An empty corner was the only thing behind Castiel. He was alone.
"It is difficult to remember exactly when they began. I faced some... difficulties, when I was younger but I do not remember feeling this way until 12 or 13 years of age."
The car didn't move an inch.
However, this time around, Castiel did have something on his mind - he wasn’t just wasting time so he wouldn’t have to eat.
But Cas was there, so that made it great.
Dean rushed up the stairs, "Yes, sir?"
"Right..."
Sam fell to the ground with laughter, only to jump up again and tease his brother that he'd never be able to get him. Never kill him.
Gabriel looked at Cas, frowning at him, as if he was trying to understand him. Which he probably was, deciding if something so worthless (no, not worthless, it wasn't your fault- yes it was) was trustworthy.
"And maybe you could lose the under suit?"
A warm glint of silver rested on Castiel's knuckle. Mary's wedding ring. Dean's mother, Mary, the woman who died in a fire.
He turned back to Cas, who's grin had gone back to a small smile. He looked at the blue circular present in Dean's hand.
should make someone that uncomfortable! I don't care if the guy was drunk- that- that's not allowed! That doesn't get to happen! Ever."
She nodded defeatedly, "But Naomi, I can't leave Castiel."
Cas rolled his eyes, "Yes, well, I am glad you don't mind."
"Dean, wait!" Cas said, stumbling to his feet as he hurried after Dean.
"Something's off with Cas, Sam," Dean said as the brothers drove to school.
"Y'know, you're happiest when you're with him," Sam said softly. "I've seen it; you laugh more and smile more. All of the jokes I've heard a million times? You save 'em all for Cas."
watching you
Dean scoffed, "Asshole."
He knew he wasn't the only one who wanted to fix this situation. Dean had felt Gabriel's stare many times throughout the day, right now for example. Gabriel was hesitating to follow the group, biting his lip as Dean had seen both Anna and Cas do on numerous occasions.
Lucifer smiled, "she would have done anything I asked her, I know she would have." His smile dispersed as he refocused on his brother, looking down at the glaring teenager, "but you wouldn't let me have her, would you Castiel?"
, and when Gabriel f-finds out
for me." He opened his eyes, watching Dean's expression solemnly.
“The therapist says he has a routine,” Naomi reasoned. “He’ll get used to it.”
He nodded.
Cas stood from the table, heading to the kitchen.
She glared at him, saying nothing. Dean and Castiel stared at the two siblings, shocked into silence as they stood before the unfolding scene.
Anna's keys tightened in her grip as she broke into a run, keys ready to strike if necessary. Stay calm, Anna, stay calm. Hands grabbed her, slamming her against the brick wall, causing thoughts of calm to cease in a moment. She kicked her legs at any part of the man she could reach, thrusting her keys into the top of the older man's hand.
She smiled, "Yes. Think of the plate as you and the 'a lot' as the multiple events going on around you."
“Did you stop kissing Dan Harper?”
"What is a dog's scientific name anyway? Well, nah, you probably don't kno-"
“Okay hold on,
Sam eyes widened. "Oh. Wow, I uh- I didn't realize you guys were that close. I mean, I knew you were but...
! Pl- Please- please! Don't do this, don't do this!"
Dean laughed, shaking his head again, "C'mon Cas, I gotta show you something."
He left.
"Well, that's nice and all Cas, but its okay. I can take care of myself."
Dean smiled, "You would."
What could I possibly research and reword that she hasn't already taught us?"
Ha, he was not as good he was supposed to be.
"What's wrong with her?" Dean asked with a frown.
So I sing a song of love
Gabriel glared, "You act like you're some
He held back a sigh- it was the same dance every day.
Gabriel spoke so fondly of living with Kali, Cas was afraid he would run off to do so- though he did seem to enjoy himself in the occasional time spent alone with CastLucifer was rarely home nowadays, it was a genuine surprise- and displeasure- to Castiel, if he ever saw him there. Michael was seen once or twice throughout the week, but it was only in passing.
Dean grinned, holding back his glee, "Before that...how-" he laughed, "how do they make their presence known?"
His long fingers wrapped around Dean’s freckled wrist, allowing the blush to spread further. Dean’s arm rested in midair, unmoving as Cas held him. He stared at Cas, his mouth dry and his body warm. Cas’ pinky was brushing Dean’s cheekbone, his palm touched Dean’s upper lip.
"I am sorry I am not a chatterbox," Castiel said dismissively. "It is not my fault I am dating someone who believes I need therapy."
"Oh, well, you were insulting yourself."
"Cas!" Gabriel shouted, placing a hand on his shoulder.
Dean rolled his eyes, ignoring how right Castiel was, "My mistake, handsome.Now, get your
, do you intend to
"Now I won't be the only one cringing when Dean tries to make a joke!"
She rolled her eyes, "Couldn't you have just gone upstairs?"
Anna frowned, pointing an accusatory finger at Crowley, "Okay first of all, I don't even know you. Second of all the decision to leave is mine and if my brother is in danger and I want to stay then I damn will."
“What can I say,” Jo smiled sitting on one of the stools surrounding the bar, “It’s part of my charm.”
She raised her eyebrows, "What do you mean by emotional honesty?"
Castiel didn’t like the cries but he could no longer use his tainted headphones.
He smiled, "Yes, and from me you.
Dean nodded, "Yeah, told Cas I'd get him a towel."
Cas shrugged, "It could be worse, I could address all animals by their universal scientific names."
But Cas doesn't celebrate Halloween. Doesn't carve pumpkins or go out for candy. Never went around his neighborhood after bedtime, never got dressed up in stupid shitty costumes. And if that isn't fucking disappointing (well, there are worst disappointments in life, Dean knows) he doesn't know what is.
Cas nodded, before looking at him nervously as he put they key in, "Put it in?"
It made Dean happier than he was willing to admit.
"I do not care to speak of him."
Dean just wanted Cas back.
Please
Cas' frown turned into a downright glare at the mention of Dean, "I believe it is safe to assume you did not truly come here to discuss with me the status of my relationship. What do you want?"
Dean frowned, unsure where Sam was taking this. "Sam what- what are you
"Now," Crowley said calmly, looking at Anna, "you know what a risk this is right? Walking into open fire?"
Dean shrugged as he walked over to the kitchen cabinets- getting out the one bottle of dish soap they had- Dean bought it after John threw up in the sink their first month here, clearly hand soap and water wasn't enough- intending to clean the dishes from last night. Cas had offered to clean them for him last night, but no way was Dean making Cas do the dishes, especially not by himself.
"Castiel! I heard the motor!" Naomi called from inside the house, "get inside!"
Julia
"Sorry, not my type."
She wet her lips before changing gears.
His protests crashed to a silent end. He stared at her, swallowing a pain in his throat.
"I had similar feelings to the African American in the recent horror film," he explained, dodging a nervous looking sophomore.
The shared bedroom between Castiel and their parents had not helped him, not as they had hoped.
"We're going to a bar. Don't give me that look Cas I'm driving there on business. I took Anna there once in a while after work, and she came here in September with Am... Amelia and had a bit more than she could handle."
"Then perhaps you should treat me as your equal for once," Anna snapped, glaring at Naomi from her bed.
Do you train your children and watch them, never letting them make friends so they won't be hurt? Or do you not train them? Do you keep them by your side and lie, and put them in harm’s way because of their ignorance, and innocence? John Winchester didn't know what was correct, and he did the best he could because he thought it was right.
? Have you seen it before?"
All because he couldn't be good. He needed to try harder, pray more- do, do something better. Anything, anything to be better. He would be good, not bad. He would be-
He spoke softly, "Are you okay?"
"Hey yeah, why would we care? 'Sides, doesn't Heaven have better things to do than to clanging around with people's instruments? I mean, it's not like it affects us," Dean said with a confused expression.
Sleep
Naomi's eyes narrowed at the mention of their mother, "And where were you, Gabriel?"
Castiel lay on his bed, legs dangling off of his white bedspread. He was too exhausted to do anything of value. He said nothing as the muffled voices continued. His hands itched to move, to scratch, to tie his shoelaces, to draw- to do
Dean rubbed his dry eyes with the palms of his hands. He collapsed into the couch and was disgusted with dust clouds that arose. How could things be this dirty?
Cas smiled softly, "Finding Nemo."
"Okay, what have you done that's so abnormal Cas?"
And he was uncomfortable with how much that hurt.
"No."
life was consumed by disappointing others.
Dean nodded, thought it was obvious to him Cas wasn't alright, hell, when had Cas ever been '
Castiel frowned, tilting his head as he looked at Dean, "About what?"
Still, those didn't feel quite right- the way Cas talked about Lucifer, and the obvious discomfort about his personal life. Well, Dean was worried something was going on Cas hadn't told him about. But that couldn't be right, could it?
for you."
Dean looked at his hands, fiddling with his fingers before looking back up at Cas, "Talk to me," he said in a whisper.
And maybe- just maybe- there were times when Dean wanted something else, wanted to show his dad he was smart, and that he could help identify killers and find patterns, and help save people. Hell, he'd done it enough times that he shouldn't have to say any of those things. But no one had ever really believed in Dean, no ever thought he'd amount it much, himself included.
Dean smiled, grabbing his keys, "Sure Cas, let's go."
"Well, doesn't he just sound scrumptious- nice detail about the full lips, why'd ya notice that, huh Cassie?" Gabriel said with a smirk. "Also, how tall is this guy then?"
"So dad left after you pushed yourself to be in all those precious clubs and sports and receive all those academic awards and
Meg laughed, "You remember in seventh grade when you didn't want to go to the school dance?"
Cas' eyes smiled and his face relaxed more in his almost smiling way (something that never failed to interest Dean) and he nodded, "Those are peculiar names, the singer's included."
Castiel wouldn't know how that felt.
And they did, they all asked Castiel if they ever thought something was slightly upsetting him. Dean, Sam, Jo, Charlie, Ash, Anna, Jess, Meg, even Gabriel asked him on occasion- this wasn't to say Cas was obvious in is lying, he was too good a liar, but they were so kind and friendly they would ask him anyhow.
. Your fingers will peel like your mother's skin in the dirt.'
“If it appeases your recreational bravado, you may win,” Castiel offered, hoping to fix a problem before it started.
Perhaps he wanted Castiel to leave.
Dean frowned, "
He sighed, his shoulders shaking under the weight of being a parent and trying to mend his family and be there for Cas and be
- please don't leave me- I'm
"Oh, okay, just asking," Sam said, turning his head to avoid seeing Dean's mocking face for checking on him.
Cas was so sweet and funny and unique, if he wanted to he could tell Dean stories for hours, these stories could be about anything. Once they'd had an entire conversation on a geography book Cas enjoyed. God was he smart- and fun too, Dean had seen eyes widen in excitement if a song he recognized came on.
The two went down the stairs, seeing Gabriel sitting in his chair, watching tv.
“I don’t like that place. You know I don’t like that place. If you know I don’t like there- if you- if you know, why would you make me go?”
Dean was so unsure of himself, was he even handling this the right way? Was he helping at all? Honestly he had no clue, he was so shocked that someone could ever hurt Cas, that someone could ever rape Cas. That wasn't supposed to happen, not to him.
Castiel exhaled sharply, his blue eyes focusing on Dean. Dean, who had turned his chair towards Castiel and abandoned his cracking number two pencil. It lay forgotten on the table.
"Do you have anything specific you'd want to get him?"
He chuckled, "When did you become an emotional guru, Yoda?"
"Sure Sam, but we gotta hurt or we'll be late." Jess waved to the group, "Sorry guys, but we've gotta go."
His strong jaw was tightly clenched, and he held his mug in a death grip. His eyes were thin as razors as he spat out his next sentence. His bright teeth parted to force out hot words before clashing shut.
something. You know that... now that you've felt this awake, this alive you can't... you won't ever be the same without it. I hate to need anything. I don't need anything, don't need anyone. I don't..."
He spoke quietly, uneasy with his sister's newfound interest in him, "Ask...ask what?"
He ran back and forth to the mirror like a wind up toy, as if one red bump was the end of his life. Who would memorize the meteor patterns of the 1980s when Sam was gone? Who could Sam trust to stay home every weekend and clean his magic kit?
"Go upstairs, Sam," he said with a sigh, falling into the kitchen chair.
He felt a strange sense of tranquility upon approaching another section of the store. The long green rows were moving closer and closer towards him. Castiel breathed in deeply, attempting to ignore the strange smells for soft fragrances. Cas wanted to buy an orange; he liked the warmth it gave his hand.
"Well, at least Lynyrd Skynyrd is a real name, unlike Led Zeppelin."
Cas stilled, Dean was right behind him- and he was trapped, and he was lying to Dean. What if Dean knew? What if he had just been waiting to punish him? No, no that was ridiculous- but then, but then he'd been lying all week-
Cas bit his lip once more before speaking, "Gabriel would you- would you Ike to go with Dean and I?"
Dean stopped, before pulling back to glare, "Don't you say it," he said roughly, "don't you say that to me. You were not bad, and you are not a bad person, now I know me saying it doesn't change what you think but you're not, you're
He nodded and stepped out of the car. Anna waved and spoke softly, "Bye.”
Garth raised his eyebrows, staring at the tall boy as he spoke. Castiel continued to shuffle through his bag, pulling out pads of paper and books as he spoke. Castiel Novak wasn’t a bad guy, he was just... different. Something Garth had never been able to put a finger on. Maybe it was his intense eye contact (if he acknowledged you) or maybe his height?
His insults were always far more formal.
He closed his eyes, deciding it was better to say it now while Dean was happy. "You have to understand, you represent a lot of...
"Oh," his frown deepened, his brow furrowing, "Expressions are rather flummoxing. To answer your question, I thought I heard a Beatles song beginning- but I do not believe any DJs would play The Beatles," he sighed, "unfortunately."
"Castiel, you didn't actually think you were a good person..." Crowley said with a smirk.
The chair squeaked and hissed over the tiled floor as the boy switched he and Castiel’s chairs. Castiel watched him gratefully, his breath easing as the hole in the chair was covered by the teen’s worn flannel.
"Oh! Right. Of-of course."
“Hey, could I ask you a question?” Dean asked, opening his sketchbook as he did so.
Dean nodded, "Sure, Cas. No one's better at ignoring problems than I am."
“Now everyone, please pay attention. This will be proving to be important later in the week,” the teacher said in his boring, monotone voice.
Dean looked at the ground, then back to Sam, and his face lit up, “Well hey! At least we live around Jo and Ash this time, it’s been a while since you stopped by the roadhouse, hasn’t it?”
"...Yes?"
Years of lamenting his experience in church and denying its existence seemed pointless. A year with a new boy had changed his entire life.
He shook his head, now convinced the song must simply sound similar, "No, I don't believe they wi-"
As frustrating as working with Crowley was, at least he had enjoyed his time away from him. He could never thank Dean enough for the happiness he had given him, doing his best to distract Castiel from the miserable life he had made for himself.
Dean shot up in bed, the heat of the night clinging to his skin. He raised shaking hands to his face as he swung his legs over his bed, his face red and sweaty as he took deep breaths.
"Oh, well... I see no reason as to why I would not be able to participate in these activities with you."
Jess smiled at him and he smiled back.
"What human traits do you think affected Romeo and Juliet the most, Mr. Hadlum?"
No one had ever called him ‘Cas’ before; the only nickname he had ever received was Cassie, from Balthazar and Gabriel. It was surprising, but Castiel quickly recovered, pulling out one of the paint splattered wooden chairs and taking a seat.
have to be
He nodded, "Good, we've had enough walking out on this family as it is."
He stared at Cas, waiting for an answer, but when Dean looked at Castiel- he didn't see the kind, curious blue eyes he normally saw. His eyes were shaded, guarded- guarded from something Dean still couldn't begin to understand. What was Cas trying so hard to hide from him?
"Why? Because Anna and Gabriel ran off with you, hid you in the attic and distracted you and made you smile- you laughed while in another room I was punished. "
Dean laughed, "Yeah, I'm real worried some
Sam looked down at Zeppie, shrugging, "Dean's looked at guys, sure, maybe even hooked up with some, but dating? Please."
But the thing is, Dean did know how to wait for a person to come back to him. He knew how to stay up the late hours worrying his father was hurt when John ran off without a warning for days, he knew how to make it so he wouldn't grow attached to people and therefore wouldn't miss them when he had to leave. But Dean didn't want to do that.
"I am so glad we get out in May," she said with a groan. "I don't think I can handle this place any longer."
"I-" Cas paused, folding his arms as he glared at Dean, "Hmph."
Cas glared at his brother, "No!"
"He has grown a little over the past few months, I believe he is 6'1 now- wait a minute, what are you trying to suggest? I am not infatuated with Dean Winchester."
"What the hell is your problem?" He said with a frown.
, Sam?" He saw his brother's face fall slightly and sighed, resting his face in his hands, rubbing at the gruff facial hair he was sure had started growing. "Look, Sam- I'm- I'm sorry, that was uncalled for. What- what is it?"
Dean tipped it with a grin, "Anything for you, Cas."
"Please, Castiel has never fit in with this family. He felt too much, he was too positive, and his constant fear of failure is annoying. Castiel is nothing but a nuisance," she said coldly. "Honestly, I think he came off the line with a crack in his chassis. He has never done what he was told. Not completely."
Dean nodded, smiling at his nervous... well, at this point they were only friends. Really Dean wished they could be together more often, hell, the guy had only spent the night once. On accident of course, and he remembered Cas had woken up in a panic when it had happened a week ago.
Dean plopped back into his seat, handing Cas a bag before closing the door. Castiel raised his eyebrows, but opened the bag nonetheless.
Castiel closed his eyes, it wasn’t that he didn’t appreciate Meg’s offer to walk with him, he did. It was quite gracious of her to so generously offer wasting her time accompanying him. Castiel was sure she had plenty of other important tasks to perform besides talking to the stubborn weirdo.
He looked at his hands. His nails were chipped and uneven. His pale cuticles combined with pink tones of the flesh beneath his nail. Towards the ends of his fingers the nails became brittle, short and uneven. His nails had been picked at and plucked until they were lined with blood like lipstick lining a woman's mouth.
Lucifer chuckled, "Michael would be too worried of upsetting father to argue for me."
Other than Dean.
"Castiel? Are you still with me?"
Castiel looked up fearfully, silently nodding with a nervous tremor in his hands. He did not look at Anna, who was seated next to him, despite his wish to do so. Perhaps if he did not direct his attention to his sister, his uncle would not either- for once Castiel hoped Naomi would speak, surely she would receive positive attention from Zachariah.
"Hey, where's Deano, Clarence?" Meg said as she out her feet on top her desk.
Castiel frowned, “I did not suggest you were mentally handicapped, Dean.”
"Wow, from what I've heard and seen of Dean that is a lot to say. How did you feel when he said that?"
to help you.
"This is ridiculous," he scoffed, looking away.
Dean smiles, “Hush, I’m trying to be romantic.”
“Castiel,” Anna Novak called softly.
Most of the school day was uneventful, though Cas didn't seem Sam and Jess in the halls as he usually did. Meg invited him to an upcoming party, an invitation he apologetically declined. It just wasn't the place for him.
Dean shrugged, "I suppose we should do the most boss ass bitch thing we can do."
Castiel could not bring himself to disagree, and nodded, "I think you mean psychic. It is not rare that I have a crazy imagination as well, rest assured."
Touch me
This was his life, he thought, as two other men grinned at him, gleefully each holding a side of him down as they waited their own turn. Castiel looked around desperately for some unseen escape, crying as he looked back down to the man, who was pulling back-
and do you know what that got
Dean wet his lips, the September morning being surprisingly chilly, drying out his lips in the process. It was annoying really, here he was being a nice guy and going to school, and here the morning was trying to freeze him, not to mention his car. His car was freezing when he and Sam first got in, for crying out loud it was the middle of September!
"And who taught you that?"
"Sorry!"
Casitel nodded, looking at Dean. “I believed we have reached a peaceful conclusion, yes.”
Castiel swallowed, attempting to keep the glare present on his face, "Crowley, I would not condone this."
Why not rip the scenery down before he left this fairytale, then?
Castiel looked at her sadly, faking a small smile as his lips lifted briefly and fell. He had seen the tension between Anna and Naomi, and the unspoken disrespect directed to her from Michael. Why this was, he had never understood- but he knew Anna was not happy here.
Dean rolled his eyes, "Dude, we're in a car."
Dean smiled; he’d forgotten how much he enjoyed The Roadhouse. It was easy here, and by that he did not mean the girls, he’d been trying to warm up to Jo for two years now. Course with the Winchesters always traveling, two years equaled a few months if you combined all the Winchester’s stops. Dean and his dad had gone off to follow a shooter’s trail a few months ago, and had spent a few nights here during the trip.
I'd love to turn you on
The 18 year old shrugged once more, "I never claimed to be helpful. Besides, I knew to do well on this project."
Michael shook his head in exasperation, speaking with an icy tone “Gabriel, this is hardly the time for your whining. If you’re so educated on God’s day perhaps you should show it more appreciation.”
Windy smile
He titled his head, staring at the break in the pale paint’s simplicity- there.
Dean was only trying to help, and as always, he had pushed Dean away. Castiel had called Dean an ass, and told Dean his family didn't want him around, and that he didn't need Dean- he had heeled at him the things he knew would hurt most.
man, I meant-" he laughed, "No man, I didn't mean it like that."
And the next day.
Victor frowned as Dean walked away, telling himself the bathroom was only down the hall. If he could just get down the hall. Dean sighed, stuffing his hands in his pockets as he walked stiffly toward the bathroom.
Cas nodded, looking at him with a serious expression, "Precisely why I'm moving in, Dean. I am to take your room."
bad about Tuesdays?" Sam said incredulously.
"Listen compadres, masturbation is great and all, but can we not discuss Sam's at the table?" Ash said with a grin.
Dean smiled, stepping closer, taking his hand and stepping into he and Sam's bedroom before kissing Cas' cheek, "Bothering you, am I?"
"Clarence?" Meg said softly, "Can you let us in?"
Castiel could feel Dean smiling as he kissed him. He could hear Dean humming happily as their tongues conversed, running against one another and pressing down on each other. Cas held back his own grin, he was so lucky to have Dean. He''d missed talking to him, he'd missed tasting him. He'd missed being with Dean and being himself.
"Seems like you've met your match then," Sam said with a shrug.
"Anna, your word means nothing in this house- least of all when speaking of those who don't belong, we both know you're only too eager to prove outcasts fit in here."
"But these are father's."
"So..." Gabriel dragged the single syllable out as he walked around the kitchen.
the drugs to be found. Then he'd never have a shot at school. Sam laughed; he wouldn't have to regret never applying because he wouldn't be able to get in anywhere!
Cas bent his head once more, and his sobs rang louder.
Dean stared back at him, "What did you just say to me?"
He frowned, cocking his head, "What? I was only stating my postulate."
have to ask
"It seems someone will have to teach you a lesson, as I have done my best to leave you alone- but you will not have it. Truly,
" Cas cried, all thoughts of discontentment with Lucifer vanished, not this, anything but this," "I'm
Wednesday morning at five o'clock as the day begins
"You're angry, “Cas said, not looking at Dean. "You're very angry."
Castiel nodded, "Yes."
He sighed, shaking his head, chuckling despite himself, "Damn it."
Thank you everyone for comments and kudos, this chapter is dedicated to saph, thank you for joking the reviewers your reviews are always nice to read- and also to destielswingmyheartacrosstheline you've been here for a while and I really appreciate it! Thanks everyone for helping me break 300 comments and almost 200 kudos!
Two smiles, "Yes," they said.
And oh he was- Castiel was disgusted with himself for lying to his sister. He didn't deserve her love, and she gave it freely nonetheless- she should be revolted by him. In fact, that would be the only appropriate response to his response.
She grinned, picking up a large plate of assorted breakfast foods, handing it to him with a grin. Castiel continued to smile, he'd probably be sick later but he could enjoy some of it now for Anna's sake. His sister brought forth his book bag and trench coat with a grin while he was eating; he put the plate down and joined his sister in dancing around as they sung.
Castiel broke out into a grin, jumping slightly in his excitement, "Dean! Dean! Dean, they're playing 'I'm Happy Just To Dance With You'!"
"I'm- I'm sorry," Castiel whispered.
Joe Kidd was everything Dean knew him to be: daring, adventurous, badass, and totally awesome. When the movie finished, Cas was watching the screen with a please look on his face- thanking Dean for watching it with him. Dean only smiled, saying it was his idea in the first place.
"Patience, please."
"That's okay," Dean replied in a serene voice, gently moving the warm towel against Castiel's pale skin.
"I see, does Dean know about the assault?"
The older boy looked at him, pausing from his attempt to loosen his sweater. He nodded, “Yes, yes it will. That’s why we’re here- to watch the cross kill the unworthy, good thing we’re on the left side, huh?”
get with you the dorky but loveable lower class-man."
," Jess said with a grin, stretching the word out. "It's not your fault Dean likes to be the little one now and again."
"Well, we've been talking for about a week now- and I barely know anything about you. 'Cept of course, that you... need more pie in your life, are really smart, love Dean Winchester- but who doesn't? And like The Beatles... a lot. Seriously though man, how often do you listen to those guys?"
Dean didn't like it.
Who would have known after being raped by a man, you could still be thankful to him?
over some
"Castiel?" She asked calmly , brown eyes resting on the boy and his rigid posture. "You know whatever is said in this room is always private, right?"
He cursed internally, gritting his teeth
He closed his eyes, exhaling slowly at his name. He and Dean had not spoken for three days. Tomorrow was one of the last Friday's they'd share together before Castiel left for college. Their time was fading and how did they spend it?
Sam nodded, “Thank you.”
"It does make me wonder though, where are the rest of the marks? I'm sure there were countless others." Crowley sighed, "Did they fade away?" He clicked his tongue, "Shame. I would have liked to see them."
He shook his head, smiling, "I can't believe we're dating."
Wow, he really was one selfish abomination, wasn't he? Or was he? What did Castiel know of being right- perhaps he was, perhaps he wasn't. He was so confused anymore, he was strewn between panicking over being right and accepting he was wrong, and being angry at his mistreatment, and not caring. Truly Castiel didn't know what to think.
Cas stepped on the other pedal, forgetting to ease into it, and he car lurched forward. He jumped, before taking his foot off the car- not a good idea- and quickly pushing his foot against the brake. The car had only been going 15- enough to scare Cas- for a moment before slamming to the brakes.
Michael inhaled sharply, appalled at the idea, and shook himself. He sighed, shaking his head once more, and turned to look at Castiel- who was still having trouble with his tie. Michael sighed (something he did far too often for his age) and looked over once more to the aggravated child, the end of his tie now caught and twisted in it’s clip.
for you!"
"Do you think it is okay for people to think of themselves as dirty or wrong?"
"Castiel," said Mr. Novak quietly. "You need to pay attention."
And he did not deserve Dean Winchester.
Like he always was.
"If you knew it was such a bad idea, then why did you do it?" She hissed, pale skin causing her hazel eyes to become slits as she glared.
Cas' frown deepened ever more- if that was possible- his eyebrows drawing closer together as he said, "What's so funny?"
"Hello Dean," Cas said softly.
"Hey Sam," Dean said from the living room's faded couch, looking at his hat, "ya wanna go over to Bobby's on Tuesday?"
"You watch how you to talk to me. I'm sorry about not getting back to you on your
"Are you... are you sure you're alright? If you wanna talk about it, you could."
Cas shook his head, struggling against Dean, he'd made Dean cry he needed to be let go, "No, no."
Yeah, they did that. Both of them. Kissing. It was a mutual thing. And they did it!
of times so let me just tell you what to do!"
Finally, Gabriel grinned, "Hey kiddo, you wanna go look in the attic?"
His dark eyes looked down the hall, seeing Dean and his brother walking.
A blast sounded from outside the hall.
He walked to the white staircase, hiding behind the light green wall as Naomi spoke.
Suddenly, the hundreds of questions that had rested on Dean's tongue were swallowed. He frowned, approaching Castiel, who stepped back. Dean's face fell then, hurt and concern in his eyes.
She smiled, "We could stop at the pet store and look at guinea pigs."
Anna said nothing, staring at the floor.
"Poor old man?! Did you hear the language on that mouth?!"
"A-Anna, how- how long have I been a-asleep?"
"Y'know, when I first met you- and I learned you liked The Beatles, I couldn't help but think of her- I don't say that to creep you out, I just- I don't know. You made me feel this... ease. You were familiar to me in a way, and I'd never even met you," Dean said with a soft smile.
"Take a cha-cha-cha-chance!" Castiel sang, shaking his head once more.
Sam smiled, "Wanna go on a walk, Zeppie? Good idea."
"I am a futile product," he whispered, "of death and abandonment. My mother died before my first birthday and my father could not stand any of us. I- I have been al-h-hone," he stared at her, "for
