Sherlock remained pouting, but he sat up slowly to indicate he wasn’t completely opposed to John’s idea.
She studied him again as he stared at her defiantly, her eyes wandering from his eyes, to the blood on his cheek, to his lips, back to his eyes.
He looked to Greg who took the cup of tea John was offering him with a tip to his brow and a wide smile on his lips.
“Now wait a minute! That’s not true!” John bellowed as he jumped out of his chair, his finger raised threateningly.
He reached forward and softly took the empty glass out of Sherlock’s limp hand. Then he took off his jacket, hung it up, and stood in front of Sherlock’s bed again, glancing down at him. He was hit hard by the image of a sleeping Sherlock, looking incredibly vulnerable and youthful like that. He looked so … frail, especially with the bandage on his head and the bruises around his face and throat. One of his slender pale hands with the long, delicate fingers lay limp on the pillow next to his face and something in John’s heart ached at the sight of it. It almost hurt to look at Sherlock.
The sirens of an ambulance arriving somewhere near broke through the silent night very loudly and Sherlock’s eyes opened in a sudden panic again.
“It’s alright, John, “he said, a sad smile on his lips, “I understand. You’re right, of course. I am a virgin and I am pathetic.”
John finally looked up at him and smiled a tired smile at him. “I know Greg. It’s just …. a little much right now.”
He drenched the cloth in the tepid water and laid it on Sherlock’s forehead, tiny droplets of water dripping down the side of his face. It seemed to help immediately as Sherlock sighed, his body’s frantic movements slowing down as he settled against the pillow behind him.
He knew it and still, he felt a pang of deep regret. There was this feeling deep inside him, as if there was something deeply gone wrong, something that he had to make right, but he had absolutely no idea how.
And sure enough, John couldn’t stop himself from taking the last few steps to the couch, around the coffee table, and sitting down beside Sherlock. He needed to do this now. His heart skipped a beat when he felt the faint body heat radiating from his best friend and he subconsciously leaned more to the side, brushing against him in a very guarded manner.
Sherlock stopped in his steps and looked back at him, a frown on his pale face. “You really don’t need to do that.”
“Sherlock! Oh God, what is it? Have I done something wrong? I’m sorry, did I go too far?” He grabbed the other man's shoulder, desperate to get some sort of reaction from him, but Sherlock was only staring at him wide-eyed and John was afraid he was on the verge of hyper-ventilating.
“I….that… “he practically stammered, and he hated how frail his voice sounded, hated his own weakness.
He was still mad at Sherlock for deceiving him as he had, but he was immensely worried about his safety now. Having him home, safe and sound, that was his priority now. He could scold him later and forbid him to leave their flat as a consequence of his actions. Maybe he would even ask Mycroft to help him in that matter. He still had to sleep or shower every so often - good opportunities for his friend to slip out of the flat again if he wanted to. But involving Sherlock’s older brother maybe wasn’t such a good idea after all. Sherlock would be really pissed at him and he wanted them to get along so he could look after Sherlock properly.
‘On edge’ was maybe the better term for it, but he told himself that everything was going to be just fine because Sherlock doubtlessly had it all figured out. Sherlock always had everything figured out. Which meant that there was absolutely no need for concern.
He nodded to himself. That seemed a good enough deduction. Sherlock really had his share of problems interacting with people. He was often rude and inconsiderate, treating even someone like Greg  - who had often proven himself a good friend - as someone unimportant, someone whose name didn’t merit remembering (though sometimes John thought that Sherlock was just teasing Greg, of course, he knew his name!).
“Of course, “John nodded, his gaze still locked on Sherlock who seemed on the verge of passing out. They really needed to get this thing finished or he would break down soon.
It was all there. In these eyes. In his hesitant smile. The pink tongue sticking out to lick his lips when he was looking at him.
With grim determination, John grabbed Sherlock’s slack form. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, and his skin already had a ghostly pallor. He needed to act quickly. Because he knew that Sherlock had already been without oxygen for quite some time and it would take even more time to get him to the surface, he decided that he needed to give him something right now, or he wouldn’t make it.
During Saturday he managed just fine, doing a little bit of homework, watching an action movie with Mike, catching up with a few other friends on campus. He had a dreadfully awkward conversation on the phone with his mom and Harry and a much nicer catch-up phone call from Mary. She had a great time in London, telling him of all her friends and the cute blokes she had already met although there were none she liked specifically. When she asked if there were any cute girls he had met he said no and refused to talk more about the topic.
“No.” John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and spoke slowly, calmly, so that the other man would not miss a single word he said.
Somehow, the ‘sentiment is a chemical defect’ – thing had never really applied when it came to John.
John looked up to see his friend winking at him. It was really nice to see Sherlock so relaxed again and he was happy to put up with his little arrogant antics if that was the price he had to pay for that. He was always a little worried for Sherlock’s health when he got so obsessed with a case although he wouldn’t admit it openly.
He sat there for a good five minutes, just looking and John was not able to decipher any emotions or thoughts from his face or body. It was like looking at a painting, there was simply no movement although John guessed there were suppressed emotions hidden in that man somewhere.
When the nurse asked Sherlock to open his mouth so she could swab his mouth Sherlock shook his head. “I already brushed my teeth, “he said matter-of-factly. “That’s unfortunate, “she said with a frown, but he just shrugged.
Sherlock looked puzzled for a moment. “I would want to continue on as we have been and simply add physical intimacy into the relationship. Nothing else would change. I would not expect you to give up your job or any of that other nonsense so many other domestic partners end up fighting about.”
Greg showed up at eleven in the morning with a stern look on his face and two steaming coffee-to-go mugs in his hand. He was let in by a nervous Mrs. Hudson who called for him as soon as she had opened the door to their flat.
He caught a glimpse of Mike nodding in surprise before he was out of the door. His eyes wildly searched the floor in front of him, and he groaned in frustration when he found himself unable to spot the lad he was looking for, lost in the increasing crowd of students streaming out of various classrooms.
Just then two police cars finally arrived at the pub and Greg’s colleagues joined them. While John was practically on the verge of just running off to look for his friend Greg very quickly updated the two police officers about the situation and together they decided to split up into two directions, John and Greg would go South, the other two North.
He didn’t really look at John though and that made John’s hackles rise immediately. “What do you mean ‘they’? he asked, his voice growing louder. “Won’t you stay here?”
“Talking about a stick up the arse, “John muttered drily, and Mike next to him snickered behind a fist to his mouth.
“These are not facts. Mr. Williams. There have been only theories about those toxicants you mentioned, nothing more.”
“Get out, quick!” Greg shouted at his fellow officer with some difficulty and he jerked his head towards the door.
He walked over to the couch with two cups of tea and handed Mycroft one of them. He sat down on the couch again and sipped at his tea, cautious not to burn himself. Mycroft sat down in front of him with a wary expression on his face. He also sipped at his tea, then he cleared his throat.
He turned back quickly and knelt down next to Greg. He was pointing at something in the grass and John’s stomach twisted when he saw what it was: blood.
“As you can see, “Magnussen said as he made a circle around all three images with his laser pointer, “what you can see here are three human larynxes. All three of these have been exposed to hydrochloric acid. Would anyone care to point out the difference between these three images? Yes, Mr. Trevor?”
She nodded, reassured. “Alright then. The nurse will show you the papers you both have to sign. I wish you a good recovery.”
shellfish, as well as the moray eel. One group of six students will therefore consist of three pairs, each working on a different poison. Each group is going to share one of the large workplaces here and as you can see, there are three tables centered around one workplace where you will find the equipment you need. Each pair will work at one table but I want you to experience this in a group. Everyone is supposed to participate and watch and learn from what the others are doing.”
“Come on. At least we did good in front of Magnussen. I think we can pass this class, maybe even earn some good marks, don’t you? Come on, let’s get lunch.”
Trying not to stare at his friend in a mixture of gratitude and concern, John forced himself to focus on his own plate. The food was probably as delicious as always, but he almost couldn’t taste anything. He was just too distracted by Sherlock and thoughts about what had happened between them. What was still happening between them.
Feeling a bit nervous about taking a shower in his still somewhat compromised state, he slowly undressed and started the shower. He climbed inside and positioned himself under the hard stream of water on slightly wobbly legs. But the second the water hit his weary skin, he felt better. Every cell in his body seemed to awaken, perking up as the warm water streamed down his arms, chest, and legs, re-charging him with the energy he had sorely missed.
John remained completely calm as the other Alpha almost spit at him while he was speaking. “You’re the one behaving like an arrogant fool, “he said with a raised eyebrow. “He asked you to leave. Are you deaf or too dumb to understand the words?”
Her face fell. “Oh, okay, I understand.” She looked very disappointed and he felt a pang of remorse. But encouraging her flirting didn’t seem fair, too, so he ignored it.
“You shut up!” Billy Dickson said angrily, as he pressed the tip of his gun to Sherlock’s head. “Or I will shoot you right here, right now!”
Iridescent eyes widened ever so slightly and there was a hitch in Sherlock’s breath as John’s words sank in.
But then Jack made another small step, closing what little space had still been there between them. He pressed against Sherlock, pressed him against the wall. He towered over him for he was considerably taller than him (
“I can see that you don’t want to eat. You probably think you’re not hungry.” John raised his other hand, stopping Sherlock before he could protest. “You might not feel it, but your body is probably starving. You haven’t eaten properly in days. Mycroft’s assistant has told me you have barely eaten anything while you were in his care. I know you haven’t eaten anything substantial before then. I can only repeat myself, try to get through to you. Sherlock, your body has been through a lot and after the fever you’ve suffered, it desperately needs nutrition. Please try to understand. I don’t want to force you. I’m just asking you to consider this. For me.”
After a minute or two John calmed down again. He opened his eyes and continued, his voice flat and quiet. “He was lying on top of him, rutting against him. He was groping him, kissing him, sucking at his neck, I think.”
“What nonsense are you talking, John?” Sherlock was out of his bed in a second and right in John’s face. “I’m not a small child, of course, I can go home by myself! I’ll take a cab and that’s that!”
“Mrs. Hudson ….” John went after her, but she just threw a distraught look over her shoulder, and then she was gone, her shoes clicking on the floor as she hurried down the stairs to her apartment, muttering to herself in anger.
Sherlock shrugged as if to maybe apologize but not really then he sat down in his chair and pulled up his legs again. Again, he reminded John of a petulant child and he caught himself smiling at his friend fondly.
But then he felt his body shutting down. The pounding in his head got louder and louder, and he could hardly see anymore. His shoulder screamed in agony and his mouth was burning with the invasion of the gun. His heart was beating so fast, he thought he might be having a heart attack. But it didn’t matter anymore because he was slowly slipping away, and he was glad for it. He was tired and he just wanted to go to sleep. This silly woman could do her one-woman-show by herself.
, here in Baker Street where he is, and help him! Swallow down your pride, for God’s sake - no, for his sake!”
John’s mood however was ruined and he groaned when he remembered what was next on their schedule as they walked through campus. Clinical medicine. Normally, he liked the subject. But the professor was strict and demanding and he didn’t think he had the mindset for it right now. He was just too diverted by Scott Williams.
Once again, he registered the pale skin and the tiredness around Sherlock’s eyes, and he stopped in his movements. Suddenly, he wanted to touch Sherlock so badly, he almost winced, overcome by the overwhelming feeling.
detective wasn’t looking at him anymore. Instead, he sat stock-still, his back a rigid straight line, as he stared off into empty space, brow furrowed, a mystifying expression on his pale, elegant features. He seemed to be deep in thought.
There he was, in the lab, meeting John for the first time. Oh, what a glorious day that had been, meeting the man that would become his best friend. Although, at that time he hadn’t seen all the potential in John Hamish Watson. He had seen so much, Afghanistan, psychosomatic limb, alcoholic sibling (
John nodded, taking the information in, thinking. The description didn’t match anyone he knew. He looked at Greg who understood what he asked and shook his head.
He was still reeling from discovering the shocking deduction inside his mind palace. He still didn’t dare believe it.
John’s face softened. “I don’t want to annoy you, Sherlock, I’m only trying to look out for you. You know that don’t you?”
Apparently, Sherlock was mostly an idiot to John nowadays. He was right, in some respect, naturally. It had been stupid to take the glass of beer back from the stranger at the pub and it had been stupid to provoke the woman with the gun in her hand (although she would have killed him anyway, provoked or not). Especially regarding the first attack, he was extremely embarrassed that he had fallen for that trick as if he were an innocent, naïve young college girl instead of a grown man accustomed to the way criminals thought. He had been bloody ignorant, John was right to yell at him for that.
Scott was pale as a sheet now, as he was staring up at the professor. Sudden heat coiled in John’s belly as he saw the genuine fear in Scott’s eyes at the Alpha glaring down at him, the older man’s right hand raised half-way, almost as if he wanted to strike him and he had to restrain himself from simply tackling the older man in order to get him away from the Beta.
Why would such a simple thing between them make his body want this? Why was he suddenly feeling weak with need and lust, just because John had held him close and looked at him as if he was the most precious thing in the world?
His frustration growing with every second he paced the ‘John’ corridor and tried to look at files he didn’t before. But there was nothing new. Only files he had looked at a thousand times, he wouldn’t get any new information here.
“Yes, Mycroft? What is it? I have to admit, I’m not really in the mood for a chat, so if you kept this as short as possible, I’d be thankful.”
“Yeah, “the other Dickson said, looking between Sherlock and John, an expression of horrified disgust on his haggard face. “You’re probably right.”
They all said yes, just like Mike had predicted and John was relieved. Yes, parties in the middle of the week always were a little risky because of a potential hangover. Every single seminar was important and he couldn’t afford to fail one. He didn’t want to slack off but he needed this distraction. His body was itching for some fun and he was going crazy sitting in his room, alone with his tedious thoughts. Besides, it was only the second week of the semester, and tests and essays were a long way off. He would still have time to catch up on anything he might have missed on the weekend. He had Mike, too. His conscientious friend would not fail to keep his promise and get them both home shortly after midnight. He really could be relied upon in that manner, had saved him a lot of trouble in the past.
John looked up, oddly calm for a change, although he couldn’t fathom why. He felt terribly tired all of a sudden. “It’s alright, Greg, “he said with a sad smile. “You’re only doing your job.”
When Sherlock still didn’t react, John reached out and carefully placed his hand over Sherlock’s. The detective looked up at him in surprise.
She glared at him, obviously annoyed by his defiance, by his unwillingness to feel intimated by her. Then her face broke into another charming smile and she lifted her hand to slowly trace the outline of his lips with her thumb.
At last he was able to stumble out of the pub and he relaxed instantly at the mild October air greeting him. He hadn’t taken his coat with him but he wouldn’t stay outside for long so that wouldn’t be a problem. He positioned his glass of beer on a spot on the wall next to him, rummaged in his pockets following a sudden craving, and found what he was looking for,
John wiped his face with his hand wearily. How could he find Sherlock now? He couldn’t let him chase after some criminals all by himself, and it was getting dark outside already.
“Alright.” John took the thermometer out of Sherlock’s mouth again as it beeped and was a little anxious when he saw it was still 38.1.
The cab pulled up at Baker Street. A shaky sigh escaped John’s lips as excitement, fear, and nervousness all welled up within him and he clenched his hands into fists to stop them from trembling. Gritting his teeth, he took a few deep breaths, paid the driver, and got out of the car.
The room was still spinning, but he managed to remain upright. His hand reached out so he could find support from the nearest wall. He took another step and deducted that it was a little hard, but he would manage. He looked up at John triumphantly.
“I’ll play your game, Mr. Holmes, “she said as she began unbuttoning his shirt. His chest was heaving heavily now, as his trouble to breathe increased with every minute and his head was pounding, making it hard to think. He managed to keep up his defiant stare at her though although he could hardly keep his head up, it was so unbelievably heavy.
This time everything was quiet, he noticed. In contrast to last time, where everything had faded into a nauseating grey, the walls of his mind palace threatening to crumble, taking down the very core of his mind with it, all seemed to be well now.
A few seconds after the call ended, his laptop chirped, signifying it had received a new e-mail. It was of course the medical report and John grabbed his prescription block at once to jot down the recipe for the new antibiotics Sherlock would be getting now.
“But I want to get that rape kit done, “Mycroft continued, “I want it done so that man will receive the punishment he deserves.”
No one had ever looked at him liked that. No one had ever given him this strange, unknown feeling: that his deductions were something to be admired, something to be impressed by. Usually, they were received as something of a nuisance, only serving to ruin everyone’s day or worse, as clear evidence that something was wrong with him. It implied that he needed to be ‘corrected’ or even treated medically, for speaking such blatant truths about everyone around him that nobody wanted to hear.
He went completely stiff beneath him and John could almost taste the fear radiating off of him, see the panic rising within him before the choked sob left his throat.
“Give me a chance, “John said quietly but firmly, the hint of a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth, “I know now you’re even cleverer than I thought. It only makes me want to get to know you more. You seem to know all about me, but I know almost nothing about you. Come on. What do you say?”
“Hey, we appreciate your visit, “he addressed the two men cautiously, “but I think Sherlock needs to rest now. It’s all been a bit much for him.”
As John went for the door opener, he turned his head. “Please don’t work yourself up too much again, Sherlock. Your body still is weak, you’ll faint again if you overexert yourself.” Sherlock did not reply, he just stared into the empty space in front of him.
But John wanted to stay. He realized that Magnussen was a creepy arsehole and he knew the course would be incredibly hard, but he knew he could do it. He had always been a very ambitious man and he wanted to rise to this challenge, show everybody, including himself, that he could do this. Prove that arrogant sod that there were students worth his time.
Mycroft, as ever slightly losing his poise when confronted with Sherlock’s fierce landlady, did his best to scowl at her. “The doctors released him, Mrs. Hudson, I’m sure they wouldn’t have done that had it not been alright.”
Sherlock didn’t seem to hear him at all, he simply whimpered and bit his lip. The lip which also had to be cleaned as it had been split, John noticed once again with anger rising within his throat, but he quickly swallowed it down again.
He then cleaned Sherlock’s split lip and washed away the blood on his face and neck. He slipped the thermometer into Sherlock’s mouth and was relieved when the result was 37.2, which was okay.
They had deflowered each other in John’s ancient Honda parked behind the deserted warehouses near Pump Wood and although it hadn’t been altogether fantastic, it had been rather nice, and John knew he would always cherish that memory.
Sherlock flinched under his touch and John let go of his hand at once. They stared at each other for a few seconds and John realized his own heart rate was through the roof.
“I see it’s bad already, “Mycroft continued in the same irritating manner. “I understand. I heard what he said to you and from your point of view, I can imagine it must have been harrowing to hear him say those words to you. They must have hurt.”
John nodded angrily in agreement. This wasn’t right. What was wrong with this professor? He gritted his teeth as he decided that he would do something about this. He would go to the dean, he would let him know that one of their professors was treating students inhumanely, he would…
“Gino?” The call had finally connected. “Where the fuck have you been? This is the third time I’ve been trying to call you.”
“Yes, I do. You wanted to say you’re sorry for what you did last time we talked, treating me like that. You were going to promise you would never do something ‘Alpha’ like that again, that you’d normally never behave like that, that you don’t know what got into you. That you hoped I gave you another chance.”
John grimaced as he and Mason walked over to Victor and Sebastian’s table. He tried to ignore the way Scott went out of his way to stand at the direct other side of the table so that he was nowhere near John. It stung but he understood. He tried not to let it show on his face in favour of concentrating on what Victor was saying.
John’s heart beat loudly in his chest as he desperately searched for the right words to say. “W-well, “he stammered, “especially you should talk with someone professional, I think.”
John’s cheeks felt hot as he went to the big cupboard in the corner f the laboratory to fetch the dustpan. Luckily for him, everyone was talking with each other again and he could clean up the mess on the floor without the spotlights turned onto him. He knelt down on the floor to clean up the broken microscope right at Scott’s feet and he could practically feel the Beta’s eyes pierce into his neck but he ignored this. Now was not the time to start a conversation.
“Come on, Sherlock, wake up, “he murmured again before he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once again.
His hands curled into fists, however, as he watched Magussen stare down at Scott, a victorious smirk on his face and he suddenly wanted to punch the man. Alphas like him were exactly the ones that Scott had meant: Magnussen clearly enjoyed the power he had over his young student and it was revolting to see how much the man revelled in it. John noticed that the tension in Scott’s neck and shoulders were still there as he met the older man’s gaze.
For a long time, they just lay there together in the darkness, the room slightly illuminated by the light of the moon shining through the window. John’s pulse was still a little elevated and he closed his eyes, trying to calm himself down. He tried to concentrate on his friend’s body next to him, curled into him, seeking warmth and comfort from him. He softly pressed a kiss into the damp messy curls and closed his eyes, stroking Sherlock’s head.
“Also, you don’t travel, at least not far. You have no tan lines, which means that you didn’t travel during summer vacation, most students do so - if they can afford it, that is. No, you stayed in England. At your mother’s house. But things haven’t been good. Why? There are many possible explanations for this, but I’m going with an abusive father, probably an alcoholic, who beat her on a regular basis, although I admit it’s a shot in the dark. You stepped in one time, probably when you were a teenager, which is how you got the scar above your left eyebrow, that’s where the belt hit you. You detested your father but you still went to the army because he wanted it. It’s manly to go to the army, it’s a typical Alpha’s choice, and no other members of your family before went to university. You probably thought it was the best way to get stronger, to get your mother and possibly a younger sibling out of there. You were a good fit militarywise, I can see from your posture that you have the mindset of a soldier, you still have in some ways. But you quit your training early after a while, why? Because your father died. Which is also one of the reasons why you’re poor. He probably didn’t work a lot when he was alive but still, a few temp jobs here and there do pay the bills, even if only a few. So that’s why you’re here now, studying medicine. Piling on a lot of additional debts, hoping to make it all up to your family after you’ve become a successful GP. Or pediatrician, I haven’t decided that yet....”
The library was always full of students but he usually managed to find a quiet spot where he could be all by himself. He would sit down in a corner with a pile of books by his table, at best with a view of the beautiful green countryside outside, and then get to work. He would spend entire Sundays here, having already finished all his assignments due for the next week. He would then enjoy doing whatever he wanted here, undisturbed by noisy other people or other distractions he didn’t need. Sometimes he went into the cafeteria to get himself a cup of tea, or the occasional coffee when he wanted to stay awake longer than his tired transport managed to do. Sometimes he took a walk around the quieter areas on campus: there was a Chinese garden in the back as well as a lake and a small wood nearby. He would enjoy going there, sometimes at dusk or dawn, enjoy the quietude, the cheerful chirping by the local birds, the crisp autumn air on a late afternoon stroll.
Sherlock didn’t answer, instead, he drew his legs up against his chest and wrapped his arm around them. It was one of his ‘pouting’ positions, although he didn’t even realize it.
“Well, that’s a relief, “John said, and he felt grim satisfaction at the thought of that animal spending a lot of time in prison, suffering for what he had done to his friend.
No. Even if he was truly being acquitted of all charges, even if Sherlock’s remaining tormentor was put away, unable to harm him anymore, Sherlock was far from fine. The usually so haughty, condescending detective who had always been able to reduce people to blubbering, stammering messes in the face of his often cruel albeit correct deductions, was now nothing more than a simple human being that had gone through a terrible ordeal.
His whole being was flooded with the thought of his best friend and he felt himself freeze externally. Normally, when he was inside his mind palace, he wasn’t very aware of what was happening to his transport. This could be a little risky because he provided potential enemies with a target, a vulnerable one. It was no problem when he was in a safe environment, say their apartment or Scotland Yard, but sometimes he would have to enter the mind palace quickly when he was chasing after a criminal or saving a potential victim from certain death – he would leave his transport behind to quickly gather the information he needed and usually everything would be fine, because he had John with him, to see to the safety of his body. Very seldomly did that method fail.
She let go of him and smiled. “If you want to talk about this some more, just ask. We have that class together, remember?”
“No, he didn’t, “John said, his voice a tad sharper. “He’s done what you asked of him. Let him rest now, he needs it, desperately.”
“That’s good, yes, perfect, keep breathing, Sherlock.” John’s eyes lit up in relief as he noticed that Sherlock finally responded to his commands. “You’re doing great, Sherlock, keep going.”
It became even more apparent from the various looks he was getting when he finally slipped out of the apartment, his bag strapped over his shoulder, a dry piece of rice cake jammed between his teeth: a sorry excuse for breakfast, but the only thing he could manage before class.
to John, giving rise to dirty thoughts that he definitely should avoid entertaining if he wanted to have something resembling a normal conversation.
There had been another sentiment, too, though. Pride. That John had been so brave, to take such strong steps to swoop in and save him. He had felt strangely flattered, that him being in a situation like that would bring out such a strong emotional and physical reaction in his best friend. Nobody else would do such a thing for him, obviously.
“On it.” Greg focussed on the backdoor of this new building and this time it was much harder to pick. John stood next to him, trying to give his friend some space but it was difficult not to yell at him to just get it done already. When the lock was finally picked, John pulled the door open, ready to jump inside but Greg stopped him once again.
He opened the first room and was met with a burst of white light, so bright he had to protect his eyes with his arm.
Sherlock was so excited about the whole affair, that he straight out refused to do anything that didn’t have anything to do with the case, especially eating and resting.
He sighed as he sprinkled a few drops of cold water on his face and neck – it felt good on his too-hot skin. At last, he decided he couldn’t avoid the unavoidable, so he raised his head to look in the mirror.
“Do you … is he …. do you really think he cares about me being here?” John knew he sounded pathetic, but he couldn’t help himself. He desperately needed to know what Sherlock was thinking about his situation and if there was even the slightest possibility Mycroft was telling the truth. He was his only way of getting an answer, the one with access to Sherlock.
“I’m sorry I asked, Sherlock, that was inappropriate.” John seemed subdued now, ashamed even, and that was something Sherlock could not abide.
“You know him, Dr. Watson, “Mycroft said impatiently. “You know how he hates to be ambushed by an unexpected development like this, so he shuts his walls down and pretends it doesn’t affect him when nothing could affect him more than this.”
Sherlock bit his lip in frustration which John again found irritatingly endearing. He pushed the cup of tea towards him. “Here, drink it, it will do you good.”
“Uhm, y-yes, “he stuttered, taking aback by the unexpected empathy from the older Holmes brother, no matter how irritatingly it was delivered, “kind of, yes ….”
To be completely honest with himself, he had been fascinated by the unusual scent of the young Alpha: salty and fresh, reminding him of the ocean and the wind and seagulls. It had been strangely intriguing and it had made him want to listen to what the student had to say. He had then been impressed by the other student’s honesty and straightforwardness, so much that he had even been tempted to agree to a meeting with him when the Alpha claimed that he was interested in him for being so clever. What had been most unusual about him was the fact that he had not been disgusted or abhorred by Sherlock’s elaborate deductions, instead, he had been visibly impressed by them and Sherlock could not deny that it had felt really good getting recognized for his sharp analytics. There had been this nice, warm feeling in the pit of his stomach again, spreading with every kind word out of John’s mouth, his heart fluttering unexpectedly at the genuine Alpha’s smile directed at him.
But later. This had to wait. He needed to clear things between him and John first. Everything else was not as important.
Sherlock clearly didn’t believe him, and he threw his arms up in the air and then threw himself back onto his bed to curl into himself and pout. He was clearly upset with everyone present and he was getting more and more frustrated.
“Cheers, mates, “Greg said when they finally got their orders – it was quite the busy night – and the three of them raised their glasses to each other in a rare moment of camaraderie. It was nice, John thought. They should be doing this more often. Even
“Maybe not yet you don’t. But give It a little more time and you’ll love what I’m going to do to you. Now, come on.”
Biting back a rude comment, John fumbled with his phone again. Maybe Sherlock would call, possibly to ask him to fetch him from somewhere because he had forgotten to take some money with him for the fare home. Possibly the escort agency had been a dead-end – it was past 6 in the evening already, so maybe John was lucky, and Sherlock had been unable to get into the building.
A few minutes later and they were laying Sherlock gently on a stretcher, carrying him to the ambulance car. John held his hand the whole time, his best friend was still in the grip of the drugs, lashing out feebly at the unwanted hands touching his body.
Scott’s face fell. He stared at John, looking completely dumbstruck. John’s lips twitched in an instantaneous reflex to laugh which he successfully stifled, to his great relief.
“Well, yeah, “one of the guys said slowly, “there were two blokes actually. They were on the other side of the road and one of them half-carried the other, we thought because he was drunk. He barely had his eyes open.”
Stupid Alphas, proving, again and again, they were only wasting his time. Trying to intimidate him. Make him feel weak. Make him feel….bad for yelling at them unjustly.
“Sherlock ...” John was completely shellshocked by his friend’s words. He needed him to stop, it had been so wrong of him to say those words to him in the first place.
He loved having a best friend. It gave him something he had never experienced before: a sense of comfort and security just by having this very person by his side every day. He loved having John and he could never imagine life without him anymore.
“What?!” Scott shot up out of his chair. “How can you say that, “he asked heatedly, his voice trembling with fury. “He won the Edison Award last year for all his achievements in Omega studies! It’s obvious he’s on to something with his theories. You cannot deny the fact that…”
“Oh, it does! Of course, it does, but I cannot change the facts and it’s not Tom’s fault that the laws are as stupid as they are.”
The nurse seemed not impressed by Sherlock’s outburst. She just met his gaze calmly and replied, “They will be here when it’s your turn, Mr. Holmes.” He tried to speak once more but she interjected at once. “They’re already at the end of the floor. If you could just be so patient to wait a little longer, and a doctor will be with you soon.”
He stumbled around, a little lost, not even sure if Greg or the others were behind him anymore. It was dark and he couldn’t see a lot. He didn’t know what to do next. He was completely at a loss with how to proceed and he bit into his fist in frustration.
“No, you’re not the type for that. You’re a workaholic. You’re not interested in something so ordinary as sex.”
A new sense of anger washed over him, powerful and overbearing. It filled his whole body, traveling from the pit of his stomach to his fingertips and he wanted to push his fist into the wall next to him and scream, for whichever reason exactly he did not know. He gritted his teeth together, trying to even out his breathing as he counted to ten. This was a method he had learned long ago when he was just a kid and it had helped him countless times, aiding him to rein the fury in before it would make him do things he would regret later on. That is if he hadn’t done them before.
Sherlock just harrumphed and John took that as a yes. He knew he couldn’t do anything if his friend decided to go into full detective-mode, but he would stay at Sherlock’s side at least to make sure he didn’t overdo it. Hopefully, this latest murder wasn’t too spectacular.
He looked up and saw Greg watching him, trying to suppress a smirk. He raised his eyebrows as if to say
All of the students present here had to have passed the mandatory ‘Introduction to Toxicology’ class before being allowed to enrol on this advanced course, so everyone would have at least a standard knowledge of the topic.
Another flash. He and Mycroft are standing at the window in the morgue of St. Barts, smoking a rare cigarette together. He had just discovered that Irene Adler was dead, well he had thought so then at least, and he had felt strangely dissatisfied by that. She had challenged him to a cat-and-mouse game that provided him with the thrill he needed to keep going. She had been fun and interesting, and he had felt a little sad at her death. But only that. A little sad. That was okay, but he had asked himself then if he and Mycroft had been wrong all along. He had watched those people sobbing over a lost relative or friend and he knew that most people – normal people – reacted like that when a loved one died. He and Mycroft didn’t.
Feeling a little better, John dampened the cloth he held to Sherlock’s forehead again and again in order to stop or at least lessen the heavy perspiration. If it brought him even a little relief in his sleep, it was worth the effort. He couldn’t stop his hands from brushing through the clammy curls of Sherlock, as it calmed him down, gave him comfort.
Even if he didn’t know if it was too soon, Sherlock would need to make a statement. He just hoped he would be up for it, but by having Greg come here, their friend, the probability was higher, that Sherlock would talk to him here, rather than at the police station. At least, that’s what he thought.
“I hope you’re okay with what I did. I know it must seem very extreme to you...but I couldn’t think of anything else to do short of just calling an ambulance. I was really worried about you, you know.”
“So, I’ll let you sleep for now, “John said as he got up from the bed, “but I’ll wake you in a few hours to check on you again, give you more of the medicine, and maybe you can eat something then too, alright? You need to give your system a chance to reboot.”
Sherlock nodded again. His expression was calm, but John thought he saw a flash of fear in the detective’s eyes.
“Now hear this, “he said, raising his voice, letting his eyes roam over them as if he was a Captain announcing the next drill to his soldiers. “I’m going to ask a few questions, all of which should be no problem for you to answer if you’ve studied Casarett and Doull’s ‘Toxicology - The Basic Science of Poisons’, like I asked you to in my e-mail to everyone enrolled on this course. I will single out students randomly, those chosen will have to answer those questions. Anyone not able to give the correct answer to the question is out of the class. Understood?”
In this second, Sherlock hated himself for sounding like a pathetic, weak Omega and the feeling was even worse when he saw Magnussen smirk at his timid response.
His arms automatically wrapped around Sherlock’s trembling back. He laid a hand protectively on Sherlock’s curly head as he allowed the embrace to go on. Sherlock seemed to desperately need the touch, he practically pushed against him almost violently, as if he craved the almost-pain between their touching bodies. He loudly breathed into John’s shoulder and John’s other hand reached out to stroke the detective’s back. He was completely shell-shocked by Sherlock’s behaviour, but his body did all the important motions Sherlock so urgently needed right now.
At Mycroft, for telling him that sentiment was a weakness. If he understood it better maybe he would be able to deduce the enigma that was John Watson and not be left utterly helpless like he was now?
“Not everything I don’t, “Greg replied sharply. “So please humour me, John. I followed you up until that street where we’ve met those two blokes but then I got caught up for a second, calling for Meyers and Cooke and you just took off. We had to figure out where you went and only when we heard you scream did we know where you were. That’s when we ran to you and found you sitting on that guy, beating the bloody shit out of him. When we had to pull you off of him. Are you following me?”
But he knew he couldn’t just walk up to the bloke and ask him if he had a relative or even a lost love who was an Omega who had been mistreated by an Alpha in some way.
He stood up to talk with the paramedic again. He needed them to drive him and Sherlock home. He would also ask them to take a blood sample from Sherlock, so they would get some detailed information on which drug Sherlock’s attacker had used on him and what dosage. He would ask nicely so as not to irritate that poor woman any further. Not that it would be a problem getting all these things, he had Mycroft on his side now.
John was his best friend and he had fiercely stood by his side the last couple of years but apparently, they had reached a turning point in their relationship. John was on the verge of realizing that Sherlock was not worth it. Because Sherlock was an idiot. An idiot who always put himself in danger. An idiot who was incapable of taking care of himself, who needed someone to cuddle him, feed him, tend to his wounds he so foolishly got because of his repeated stupidity.
Sherlock seemed to get a hold of himself quicker. “I-I’m sorry, John. I lost control for a second.” He let his head hang down, as if ashamed. “It’s just that I am … so relieved you’re back home.”
Even he, John Watson, who had been allowed quite a few glimpses into Sherlock’s humanity over the last few years, had never known the full extent of his best friend’s fragility.
He remembered the way Scott’s eyes had widened first in surprise, then in anger when John had pulled him close, and it stung to think of the rejection, although he completely understood Scott’s reaction. It had really been more than a little presumptuous of him to do that, and he still didn’t know why he had done it. He usually was so in control of himself, but with Scott, it was like he was losing that control. As if Scott triggered some sort of instinct in him that made his inner Alpha take over and forget the general etiquette when it came to courting.
Greg nodded at him and he laid a hand down on John’s shoulder, squeezing it affectionally. Then he turned and left.
John’s heart lurched at the desperation in Sherlock’s voice and he turned his body back towards him where he was sitting on the edge of the bed, giving Sherlock the space he needed but not leaving.
“Sherlock, I have to give Greg my statement really quick, could you not go to sleep yet?” John called after him. “I need to take another look at you before you do that, alright?”
“Well, it seems you’ll have it your way then, Dr. Watson. I just hope for his sake this is a good idea.”
John Watson’s eyes, crystal blue and clear like the summer sky, widened a little more and for a moment he seemed genuinely surprised at Sherlock’s glaring anger. Then something like regret replaced the surprise and he dropped his gaze, shaking his head slightly.
John pressed his fingers into his eyes and shook his head. He had to try and not concentrate on that right now. He would take the obstacles as they’d come. For now, he had to make sure Sherlock was okay.
“John. John.” Sherlock was moaning into his mouth and God, John was so turned on, he could barely breathe. Without thinking, he pushed Sherlock down onto his back, rolling on top of him. His hungry tongue plunged forward, licking into the hot, wet mouth beneath him, as his hands wandered downward to eagerly slip underneath Sherlock’s shirt.
He turned to Mycroft who meanwhile had stood up and approached him with a curious expression on his face.
“Ugh, “he groaned as he finally dragged himself upright and sat at the edge of the bed, massaging his throbbing temples.
Billy’s face turned stone cold as he pointed the gun right into Sherlock’s face. “But he didn’t. He didn’t ruin it because he’s my brother, means he’s learned from the best. I always knew he had it in him.”
“Sherlock! That was not nice, “John said accusatorily as he turned back to his friend who meanwhile had sat down in his chair and was pouring himself a cup of tea.
The line clicked and Mycroft was gone, leaving John staring at the phone in his hands the second time this day.
Greg’s smile disappeared. “I’m just glad you’re okay. You had us quite worried there yesterday, me and John.” A strange glimmer flashed in Sherlock’s eyes but disappeared immediately.
John, aware of Sherlock’s attentive gaze, tried to put a neutral expression on his face as he prepared the kettle. When he finally settled down next to Sherlock, pushing a steaming cup of tea into his hand, he had managed to calm himself down enough so that he felt he was able to avoid blurting out his undying love for the detective within the first five minutes.
They all stared at him, interrupted by his unexpected presence and there was a suppressed smile on Mycroft’s face, indicating he was enjoying the little entrance he was making. But then it disappeared and a cold, calculating look replaced it as he searched their faces one after another, resting on Sherlock’s at last.
John chuckled, amazed at his friend’s forgetfulness. “I was with Molly, you saw us going out didn’t you?”
He needed to calm down for a second. Sherlock was in a bad way and he had to take care of him, but he just needed one second to simply ….
They were asked to clean everything up shortly afterwards. John saw that Scott was stealing a glance at him every now and then and he resisted the urge to smile into the collar of his coat at the unexpected but very welcome attention. Instead, he cleaned up their table with a neutral expression on his face, and when the bell rang, Magnussen asking them to leave, he grabbed his bag and walked straight out the laboratory, Mike hurrying to take his place at his side.
“That’s just one of the toxicants you were talking about, Mr. Williams, “Magnussen said with a condescending smirk. “The other two are still in the testing stage, he’s proven nothing about those two yet. I also doubt that the theory regarding the first toxicant is true.”
Another flash and there he is, telling Irene Adler the very same thing. Sentiment had been her ultimate weakness and it had cost her everything in the end. It had been incredibly satisfying, defeating her and rubbing her face in it like that but at the same time, he had felt….hollow somehow. Triumph would have been okay, of course, no danger in that, elation, pride, anything in that direction, fine. But … feeling hollow? That was a sentiment which he certainly did not want to feel so he had shoved it down, because what good was it to tell others the disadvantage of feelings when he himself was falling victim to them?
What was really frustrating was the fact that he wasn’t able to enter his mind palace and that bothered him even more than the illness itself. What good was his body that it wouldn’t even allow him to seek refuge within the endless depths of his mind while he was reduced to being this shivering, fragile mess, a victim to his transport and its weakness to some sort of infection it had caught?
But then he had turned seven and something of a miracle had happened: he got a dog for his birthday, an Irish setter he jubilantly had named Redbeard. He didn’t know exactly what had changed his mother’s mind, had never thought it possible and he expected the involvement of Mycroft or his father, but he didn’t question it for once. He had gotten what he had wished for and it was phenomenal. Redbeard made him incredibly happy, they were inseparable from the start, best friends forever. Redbeard had slept in his bed, although his mother had forbidden him that, and they spent their whole days together, playing out in the woods or pretending to be pirates at the lake, chaperoned by one of the incompetent nannies mummy always hired until they threw in the towel because Sherlock had said something more or less hurtful about them.
“Come on, “John urged, his smile turning into something fonder, more honest as he noticed the endearing way Sherlock’s brow furrowed in confusion. “You know how good Mrs. Hudson’s beef casserole is. Even a food critic like you can appreciate that, yes? She’ll probably come by later and ask if you had any. Just a fair warning.”
“Don’t fret, John. It’s only a concussion, you know.” John was pulled out of his thoughts by the low voice beneath him and his eyes widened when he saw Sherlock looking up at him with a weak grin.
Mycroft scowled his typical scowl. “No, that’s not why I came here. I only wanted to make sure you’re alright, brother mine.”
Sherlock made a sound that was clearly meant to demonstrate his revulsion but then he took the cup and drained it in one go. He put it down onto his nightstand rather firmly and looked at John with an expression that said
It was exciting. Knowing he could sleep with anyone he liked, any one of those many people that showed an interest in him. Of course, he could always choose to enter into another relationship but he was not really interested in doing that. After spending eight years in a nice, but somewhat boring relationship, the last couple of years of which had even been long-distance, he felt entitled to just have some fun, no strings attached.
He turned and saw Jack jogging towards him, his posture totally different from before. He thought about ignoring the man and just to step into the bar again, but curiosity got the better of him and he stayed put. “What?” He asked with open hostility in his voice.
Therefore, it had been incredibly relieving for him to get an explanation for John’s behaviour. John hadn’t been angry, well, he had but most of all, he had been worried about him. Worried out of his mind, in fact, and Sherlock almost couldn’t believe that someone could possibly harbour such strong feelings for him. Because of him.
Sherlock stopped the pacing and looked at John with a serious look. “Okay. John, I need to say something, and I need you to hear it.” Pause. John looked expectantly at the great detective. “Yes?”
“I’m sorry for what happened to you, “she said eventually, as she turned to Sherlock one last time. Sherlock did not look at her, he had his knees pulled up to his chest with his arms around them and he was staring out the window. “Yes, thank you, “he said, without any emotion in his voice.
After pacing around a little more, Sherlock nodded to himself as if to relent and he sat himself down on the sofa. He didn’t relax into it, however, nor did he calm down a little, instead he continued prattling on about H.O.U.N.D. and what that project had been about. John observed him from his position at the kitchen counter and couldn’t help but chuckle at Sherlock too. He had enjoyed solving this case with him and he had to admit it had turned out quite unexpectedly. So yeah, he could understand why his roommate had such an urge to recount their adventure to Mrs. Hudson so vividly. However, he couldn’t help but interrupt Sherlock with a deep “Ahem!”
His eyes sparkled and his lips twitched in a sly grin as he watched Sherlock’s frustrated expression and his annoyed sigh, his lips shaping into his typical pout.
Greg shrugged. “Yeah and that’s what’s going to happen now. They are going to ask you a few questions.”
They made their way down the abandoned streets. It was around midnight and pitch-black outside, the only lights provided by the streetlamps hanging over them. There weren’t any sounds except for Sherlock’s heavy breathing. Even though he was practically carried by the other man it was exhausting to him and he just wanted to rest. His eyelids were drooping but a little part of his mind forbid him to give in to unconsciousness again, it told him to stay alert at least a little bit for as long as he could.
I will, however, not continue writing this immediately. There are so many other ideas for stories in my brain begging for attention, which unfortunately means that this is going on a break. Maybe I'll consider continuing this earlier than I planned, but I cannot promise anything. Don't forget to subscribe to the series so that you won't miss an update whenever it will come..
“How are you holding up, John?” Greg asked quietly from where he stood, a few feet away from John, looking at him cautiously while he slowly drank his coffee.
“No!” John’s hand shot out and just barely got a hold of Sherlock’s before it was out of his reach. “It’s alright!”
A door was slammed shut on the other side of the room and they both looked up to see Professor Magnussen approaching the desk at the center rapidly, causing everyone in the room to quiet down at once.
“You must know, I’m always concerned about the well-being of my students. Trust me, I know what it is like, constantly being under pressure to receive good grades, having people expect so much of you, the social pressure added on top of all that...it’s quite tough. I remember it very well, I was one of you after all, even if it was quite some time ago.”
“Are we finished now?” Sherlock asked eventually and Greg nodded. “Yes, I think we are finished with your statement.”
Dimmock didn’t have any problem with complying. As soon as he was gone, John’s body went slack, and Greg released him.
Sherlock who was still battling his first toast but was slowly getting there, only glared at him once more but stayed silent.
“Ah, “he said, his tone suddenly soft with delight, “we have an Omega supporter amongst our midst. How sweet.”
To his absolute horror, tears welled up in his eyes, as bile once again rose in his throat. He forced himself to take a few deep breaths through his nose and exhaled slowly through his mouth, John’s calm voice guiding him through the process from inside his head. Calming down gradually, he splashed some cold water into his face, drinking from the tap right after to erase the uncomfortable feeling in his throat. Thankfully, it helped.
His cheeks heated in shame, as he proceeded to clean himself between his legs mechanically, stubbornly ignoring his half-hard penis begging for his attention.
Sherlock chuckled, leaning his torso on the table and resting his chin lazily on his bent elbow. That last full glass had been a little much for him, it seemed.  Well, it was too late for regret now.
Sherlock gave him an annoyed look and he slammed the bathroom door behind him – not locking it and John sighed with relief. He understood his friend’s desire to clean himself, but he didn’t want to risk him hurting himself in the tub or passing out. He went into Sherlock’s bedroom again and started to change the sheets. Sherlock wouldn’t say anything, but John knew he would be thankful.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for another minute, then he gave an almost imperceptible nod. John knew that even if Sherlock refused to file the charge Mycroft would press him more until he did so that must be the reason why Sherlock gave up now although he seemed to be almost at his breaking point.
“That’s absolutely unnecessary, “Sherlock protested, but Mrs. Hudson was already climbing up the stairs, nodding to herself.
He swallowed, looked up, afraid to see Sherlock deducing everything about John’s apparent infatuation with him at once. But there was only irritation in Sherlock’s eyes, as well as confusion. That was good because John was completely confused and irritated about his own thoughts and he didn’t want Sherlock to deduce it until he had figured it out himself.
“Come with me, “Greg said, and he led them through a few corridors and into something that looked like an interrogation room. “Wait here, John, please, “Greg said, and he pointed to one of the chairs in front of a small table.
Nothing could feel better than this moment. Lying here with John, lying in his warm arms, snuggled against his strong chest, the two of them tucked in bed, safely hidden away from the rest of the world.
“I’m still tired, “he said wearily, as he forced himself to open his eyes. John was looking at him with an almost ridiculous amount of compassion, and Sherlock was almost overcome with gratitude. There was a lump in his throat he quickly swallowed down.
“Yes?” Sherlock’s eyes were glistening with unshed tears, and he raised his trembling hand to cover John’s where he was holding him, their hands touching in intimate, almost fearful anticipation.
Mycroft stood up as well. “Oh? Would you really have me stand down so that they can charge you with grievous bodily harm, possibly attempted murder? That could mean five to ten years in prison for you, are you aware of that?”
“So that’s what I am to you?” Sherlock gritted out eventually. His chest was heaving in deep, shaky breaths and he closed his eyes momentarily as if he were in pain. “A pitiful virgin, that needs to be coddled? Although I’m a fully grown man?”
John realized in shock that he had been on a sort of date with Tonya. He looked around wildly, trying to find the girl among the blur of people dancing and standing around but there was no sight of her.
She stayed silent for a while. Then she resumed walking and John took his place next to her, waiting patiently until Molly spoke up again.
John didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t tell her what had happened, it simply wasn’t his place to tell. It would be up to Sherlock to tell her or anyone really, what had happened, it was his choice, not John’s.
“You’re the one cutting up people so that they’re hardly even recognizable and have to be ID’ed by their teeth and yet you call us “sick in the head”. Makes me wonder how sane you are.” Sherlock was smirking his special ‘high-functioning sociopath’ smile and John bit his lip to avoid laughing out loud.
Then she shifted and John’s heart stopped in his chest when he saw the familiar head with its dark, unruly curls hanging down. It was Sherlock and he looked terrible. He was cuffed to the chair, his arms spread wide. His shirt was hanging open, revealing pale naked flesh beneath, and the wound on his shoulder was without protection and bleeding. Sherlock himself seemed barely conscious. From his position, John couldn’t quite be sure, but he thought he saw blood on Sherlock’s pallid cheeks and his whole body was slumped into the chair like he couldn’t hold himself upright anymore.
Billy seemed to have caught their silent communication as he studied them both for a little while longer, after which he lowered the gun. “Oi, so there is some sense left in that funny head of yours, ey? Good thing you’ve listened to your little loverboy here.”
He thought of the way his thoughts had somehow wandered off yesterday. How he had suddenly thought of Sherlock as beautiful….
Sherlock was obviously overjoyed by this, so much that he grabbed his second toast and bit into it with gusto.
Now, though, he was free as a bird. For the first time since he had become a man, he was single and ready to mingle, so to speak.
John’s smile lit up even more. “You look it.” His hand wandered to Sherlock’s brow. “I’d say the fever’s gone. Hold on, let’s check.”
All of a sudden, John stopped pacing, pulled his phone out of his jacket, and dialled a number. “Didn’t even think to call him… stupid,” he muttered to himself, but Sherlock didn’t answer, and John groaned impatiently. He then quickly dialled another number, this time his call was picked up.
“Cheer up, Sherlock, “John chuckled, “tomorrow I’ll write the article on this case and I won’t focus on your little slip-up too much.” And because Sherlock glared at him in obvious annoyance he added “Okay, there’s no way I’m not mentioning it, but that’s simply just payback for the little joke you had at my expense. You know, with locking me up in that laboratory, giving me the impression, I was hunted by a terrifying huge hound going in for the kill….”
At this moment Sherlock shook his head from side to side, a low whine escaping his sore throat. “J-Joooohn…”
He took a step towards the couch, leaned forward, and asked again, this time a little louder. “Sherlock?”
John got straight out with it. “Mycroft will take you home. I have to go to the station with Greg, I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
She scoffed, her jaw clenched and he could see her small hands pulling at the belt loops of her jeans, rising frustration and restlessness piercing through the veil of her calm exterior. Her dark brown eyes pierced into him.
All three of them looked up in surprise as John approached them quickly, taking a place right next to a bewildered Scott. He was almost immediately hit with the other two Alpha’s scents, smelling of musk, leather, and gunpowder and he had to take a quick breath through his mouth to keep the rising nausea at bay. He could detect the arousal and excitement in their scents and he flexed his fingers when the urge to just punch both of them grew bigger. What helped to calm him down was the fainter scent of apples and almonds from Scott next to him.
Mycroft smiled although the smile never reached his eyes. “No need to work yourself up, Dr. Watson. I’m just as upset about the attack on my brother as you are.”
“Now come on, Williams, don’t be like that, “he said with a salacious smirk, “let’s have a little fun together.”
He felt himself relax even more at once and he sighed in content as the first rush of nicotine coursed through his body.
“That would be great, thanks!” He beamed at her and she blushed which immediately made him reconsider his decision.
“Oh, how can they do that? They pretend as if it’s a mystery why Leslie didn’t show up at the prom but it’s clear as day – oh God, John, this is ridiculous, you cannot really like this!”
His eyes twinkled mischievously when Sherlock kept gaping at him. “Don’t worry. I won’t mention it to anyone. Come on now, before I change my mind.”
“What do you mean, they want to charge you with murder?” From the corner of his eye, he saw Mycroft’s head snap up, but he was too distraught to think about him now.
Jack turned towards him, irritated and surprised by the look on his face. “What?” He sounded less velvety now and more like a simple brute. His attractive face changed into an angry mask, prominent eyebrows plunging down hardly.
“John, it seems...I think that….there is something….” Sherlock stopped himself abruptly, shaking his head in increasing frustration and it was such an unusual sight to see the great Sherlock Holmes flustered like this, that John found himself staring at him, partly in disbelief, partly in fear.
So, John stopped worrying around Sherlock and dug into his food with a ravenous appetite. Greg followed his example and even Sherlock seemed to enjoy nibbling at his chips with ketchup.
“I don’t know what’s on your mind, “John said quickly, anxious to finally get some things off his chest, “but I just want to say...if I overstepped a line last night with… you know tending to you...I sincerely apologize. I didn’t mean to pressure you or harass you in any way. I just wanted to make sure you were alright.”
It was an order, not a request and Sherlock instinctively obeyed the familiar commanding voice. He sat on the chair right next to him, although he managed to throw one more evil look in his brother’s direction.
He whipped his head around and turned in the water, his eyes searching desperately for anything that resembled a human body.
But what really occupied him, was the thought that maybe he had found an answer to why Scott was so fed up with Alphas; a reason for his decision not to trust them anymore. He clearly hated Alphas with all his heart and it suddenly seemed apparent that there was a very logical explanation for that: An Alpha had hurt an Omega that he loved. A parent, a sibling, or a friend. It could be any of these options or something else even. It didn’t matter.
He continued his way across the floor, still crouching down and glued to the wall, careful not to make any sounds. He tried the handle of the next door at the end of the floor. It was locked but after a few seconds he had picked the lock, opened the door and turned on the lights. He seemed to be in luck. It was a huge office with thick wooden furniture and expensive-looking carpets. A small bar in the corner containing bottles of whisky, vodka, and other alcoholic beverages indicated that the person this office belonged to liked to indulge in culinary pleasures. One of the upper managers probably, or maybe even more.
John couldn’t contain the smirk creeping upon his lips. This was so Sherlock, throwing little tantrums like a small child instead of a fully grown man. It was a little cute, too. He felt warmth spreading out in his chest as he cherished the sense of familiarity of their routine: the bickering, the theatrical moaning, and him trying to tone his friend and colleague down. This was their thing. Well, this time was under different circumstances though. He lost the smile at that last thought.
She left and John followed her out to the living room where Mycroft was seated in his chair, staring intently at his phone. He was probably busy with some very important government stuff.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he let himself be led back to his chair and actually ate the toast and yogurt John set in front of him. They even drank another cup of tea together while Sherlock complained about Frederic and his inability to make a decent cup of tea or understand that he wasn’t interested in listening to his ‘juvenile’ war stories. He didn’t mention his almost-panic attack or the way he had completely shut down afterward and John didn’t see sense in addressing the matter now. Besides, he was enjoying the casual conversation they were having, as opposed to the many heated arguments they had engaged in during the past few days. It almost felt like old times to John and from the way he was smiling into his cup, Sherlock was enjoying it too.
They both laughed as their foreheads pressed together, their hands clutching at each other in a desperate need for physical closeness.
Sherlock looked around and saw that he was still on the couch, though somehow, instead of sitting he was lying on it in a horizontal position, his head leaned back against the armrest. Mycroft was sitting on the other end of the couch, having leaned over him apparently to rouse him.
Another pause. Then, with a raspy voice, he continued, “and that’s when he bit him. He bit him in the shoulder, Greg, and God, he screamed, it was terrifying. I couldn’t think any more then. I just…reacted. I needed to help Sherlock, get that bloke off him, so I ran to them and threw him off. And yes, apparently, I totally freaked out because I remember beating that bloody piece of shit and you know what, Greg? It felt good. I could have killed him right there and then and that would have been okay for me because of what he’s done to Sherlock!”
Dimmock put him through the wringer for three hours and afterwards John was exhausted. He had spent half the time repeating the same few sentences, the other half scoffing at ridiculous allegations Dimmock was making against him, maybe in a desperate attempt to get him to confess, maybe to find his way around the possible truth, who knew?
John, Greg, and Mycroft all stared at Sherlock as if he had gotten completely mad. He never said nice things to his fussy older brother. Never. This was with utmost probability the closest thing to a ‘thank you, brother’ that had ever left the detective’s sharp mouth.
Sherlock inclined his head and began spreading out crime scene photos again. “What do you make of this Watson?” Sherlock queried as he passed over a particularly grisly photo.
A quick trip to the loo, and he returned to find Sherlock sitting upright, leaning gracefully against the headboard deep in his mind palace.
the ice cube trays before hurrying back upstairs. He quickly closed the Venetian blinds and pulled the dark navy coloured room darkening curtains closed, cocooning him in his own private little world, before flipping the switch on the small, oil-filled radiator. He shut the bedroom door—pressing hard and listening for the click—otherwise the door had an annoying propensity for easing open during the night and letting the heat out. He then tossed his dressing gown across the rocking chair in the corner and crawled into the snug warmth of his large bed.
“No,” Sherlock whined as he pulled the duvet over his head and snuggled down, firmly ensconced in a cocoon of eiderdown and pillows.
“Okay,” John said on a long breath, “back to…” he said gesturing toward the computer. “Before I agree, I need to know why you want to do this, and we need to agree on some sort of repayment plan.”
Rather than back down, Harry had upped the ante, proudly announcing in a voice that could be heard three streets away how she had been intimate with a girl and that she was gay. This was the nice way John’s mind preferred to phrase things as the crude words Harry had used were nowhere near this sanitized as she lewdly and loudly described exactly what she had done. The silence that descended was frightening for the few seconds it lasted, and then all hell broke loose as John’s extremely conservative Catholic parents began screaming at Harry, as their father beat her nearly senseless and then bodily threw the poor, bleeding girl out the front door and down the steps while their mother clutched a rosary and began praying, rocking herself back and forth in a sick parody of devotion.
Not for the first time, John wondered, given Sherlock’s rather testy mood, if this wasn’t an ill-timed debacle waiting to happen, but he was, if nothing else, a man of his word. And, despite the fact that his promise was only to himself, it was still a promise, and he would carry it through. Come hell or high water, he was going to tell Sherlock tonight that he loved him.
“Look, Sherlock, regardless of what Mycroft says, I can’t do this with you. If you don’t love me, I can’t stay here. It hurts too much. I deserve to be loved back. I had that with Mary, and I’m not willing to settle for less, even if it means being alone. Whatever it is you think we are…fuck buddies or friends with benefits…it’s just not enough. It’ll never be enough.”
“If she isn’t, she’ll undoubtedly be dead soon. I shudder to think how much worse things have to get before she considers that she’s hit bottom. She nearly killed the woman she loves; her hand and part of her arm has been amputated, and she’s currently fighting sepsis; she’s facing twenty years in prison, and she’s alienated everyone who has ever given a damn about her. She hasn’t a friend left in the world. I checked the visitation logs. Other than you and Nora, no one has come to see her or even sent flowers. When she failed to show at her last temp job, her employer terminated her, and her landlord has commenced eviction proceedings.”
Given their elder son’s ruthless desire to rule the world, and their younger son’s inability to tolerate…well…
The night nurse raised her head from the notes she was making into a chart. She typed a few things into her console and nodded a moment later. “Room 204, general ward,” she said. “I can’t give you any medical information, you know, but if she decides to fill you in…” the older woman said with a small shrug, “Well, that’s her prerogative then, isn’t it?”
for a woman he barely knows, the ink hardly dry on his divorce papers… That is what society tells me
“No. A copycat, a student would have made a mistake somewhere, would have left some DNA, a partial fingerprint, hesitation marks. These are all very, very precise. Back when our killer started, there are a few mistakes on his earliest victims.”
He had had to call one in prematurely this morning, and it rankled. He had gotten Sherlock assigned to a case that NSY had initially thought was a murder/suicide but on closer inspection had proven to be a locked room murder/murder. Inspector Dimmock, who had worked with Sherlock once before and resented his arrogant high-handed methods—despite his success, still believed NSY could solve the case themselves, but had grudgingly relented when Mycroft pointed out that time was of the essence and that every moment the case went unsolved another flight was leaving out of Heathrow with a potential murderer escaping scot free.
“I had an acquaintance, who is probably one of the five best hackers in the world, run a scan of the dark web. As you can see, here are the most recent transactions. The victims who had their faces removed—well, as you can see that was a specific request made by the purchaser of our assassin’s services. The multiple brandings of the third victim, I believe can be traced back to this one that specifically says “Burn the bitch.” You’ll find many of the other recent requests here have a correlation among the listed victims.”
John sighed. “Sherlock, think about this for a moment. How is this supposed to even work? I have no experience with men, and up until Sunday afternoon, I had no doubts that I was completely and utterly straight. You’re…well…you—asexual I suspect. Married to your work, remember? And you’ve no experience at all. This is insane Sherlock, and that’s not even taking the emotional aspects of a relationship into account.” John sagged back into his chair waiting for the storm of deductions that was no doubt coming.
“Where do we go from here?” Sherlock whispered softly against the fluffy hair on John’s crown, hair that had been recently snow saturated, dried on a borrowed blanket and now stood up in staticky tufts.
“How did Clara take the news?” Sherlock asked. He personally thought he sounded a bit wooden and unemotional, but John latched onto the question as if Sherlock had thrown him a lifeline.
Sherlock shrugged. “Not really my area, you know. I’m doing the best I can,” he said arrogantly, and to John’s tired eyes he seemed like nothing so much as a petulant six year old.
“Hello, John,” came the crisp, efficient feminine voice on the other end of the line. “This is Agatha, at St. Bart’s. I was…”
Sherlock exited his mind palace humming softly to himself. He was surprised to see that it was dark out. A glance at his phone revealed it to be a quarter of midnight. Shrugging, Sherlock pulled on his Belstaff and quietly exited the flat so as not to wake Rosie.
“As always, Watson, you see but you do not observe. I take it from your speech that my dear brother has already disabused you of the notion that you’re straight, so we’ll skip that one,” Sherlock said, his voice revealing traces of continued amusement. He consciously wiped the slight smirk from his lips as he continued. “Now, as to my alleged asexuality, you do recall Janine…from the Magnusson case,” Sherlock supplied helpfully. “You burst in here to find me in the bath and Janine wearing nothing but my shirt and a smile. Surely even you, Watson, were able to deduce enough about the preceding events to realize that I am not asexual.”
John had been able to stop the bleeding and repair the tearing. However, infection had set in after the young private had been transferred to the base hospital in Kabul, and the poor kid had ended up losing part of his colon; his once promising military career had ended with a medical discharge, and he would have a colostomy bag for the rest of his life. The perpetrators had never been caught.
Molly put on a brave face, but John could sense that a long held dream had just died for her. A few minutes later, John had one of his rare but inspired ideas; he excused himself from his conversation with Mrs. Hudson and went in search of Molly. He introduced Molly to Mycroft; knowing that they both had a particular interest in Renaissance literature, John nudged the conversation in that direction and then left them to their own devices.
“Whatever for?” Sherlock demanded. “You were a child. Your parents are responsible for tossing her out like last week’s rubbish.”
John chuckled with amusement and scooted up and into the waiting arms. He had another, ulterior motive for wanting to cuddle. They needed to talk, and he didn’t think he could have this conversation looking Sherlock in the eyes. He laid his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, gazing at the pale expanse of his chest as it rose and fell with each breath and readied himself for … something.
2) The *Kelvin Scale created by William Thomson, also known as Baron Kelvin, is an absolute thermodynamic temperature scale using as its null point absolute zero (−273.15° on the Celsius temperature scale aka -459.67° on the Fahrenheit scale ), the temperature at which all thermal motion ceases in the classical description of thermodynamics, i.e. motion at an atomic level ceases. The Kelvin Scale was invented to do away with the need for negative numbers in scientific calculations. Thus the reference to negative 100 degrees on the Kelvin scale in chapter 1 is a scientific impossibility and used solely as a metaphor for an absolutely impossible situation. As a doctor, John would have taken enough chemistry classes to know this and find his analogy amusing in a dorky way.
John stared helplessly at his best friend, the man he loved. Sherlock’s brilliant mind was literally trying to rip itself apart. Only Sherlock.
Something raw and animalistic and primal screamed and clawed wildly in resplendent satisfaction deep in John’s hindbrain, and he felt more than heard a long, drawn out shout in Sherlock’s deep baritone, the reverberations heard on his taut skin—his senses so aroused and confused he could smell colors and taste music—the low tenor sax steadily playing its accompaniment to their lovemaking tasted of warm, sticky cinnamon buns; each of these sensations was closely followed by the tightening of hands on his hips and a flood of molten liquid deep inside that made things even more squishy squelchy than they had been before.
John nodded his thanks and headed for the elevators, Sherlock a silent shadow next to him as he had been all night.
Leaning against the closed door of his own room, Sherlock chuckled softly to himself as he began stripping off for bed. He would have to remember to thank Mycroft later, not that his elder brother had the slightest inkling, yet, that Sherlock had manipulated him into confronting John. Mycroft had paved the way nicely, exactly as Sherlock had intended. That had gone much better than he could have anticipated, accelerating his timetable by at least five weeks.
Sherlock’s lips twisted in an amused smirk. “You naively thought they meant virgin in the literal, Biblical sense. No, John. They meant virgin in the emotional sense. I have never had a sexual relationship with anyone where emotions were involved, on either side, where it was anything other than just fucking.”
“And I say again it’s a complete win/win either way it goes.” Sherlock said with a grin as he picked Rosie up off the floor where she was playing with her blocks and tickled her.
John sighed and looked at the hard packed dirt underneath the bench, but Mycroft wasn’t yet finished and continued as if there had been no segue to the conversation.
.” Sherlock spat the word out like it tasted rancid in his mouth, but the tender squeeze to John’s hand and Sherlock’s awkward attempt to spoon the other man disabused John of any notion that Sherlock didn’t really want this.
“Ahhh, yes,” Sherlock interrupted. “An aberration. That was different. Quite frankly, I hate to fly, and I needed to do something to take me out of my reality. It was an experiment. I took a cocktail of drugs I specifically designed to create a state of lucid dreaming. I had just had a re-boot recently, to get Magnussen’s attention if you’ll recall. I just needed a temporary distraction for the duration of the flight itself.”
“You asked me to remind you about Mycroft’s party. If we don’t leave in fifteen minutes, we’ll be late for dinner. We’re supposed to meet Mrs. Hudson downstairs. Mycroft’s sending a car at 7:45. Besides, I’m anxious to see the extent of the bruising on Mycroft’s petty, obnoxious, fat face,” Sherlock smirked craftily.
“No, I didn’t,” Sherlock conceded coolly. “But, then again I never said I did. I merely stated that between the two of us that we should be able to afford the rent, which was true. It was also true that Mrs. Hudson owed me a favor. I never lied; I never said that I couldn’t cover the rent on my own. You made an incorrect assumption, Watson. I can hardly be blamed for your erroneous deductions.”
“What did this mean…,” John began, but paused halfway through the question as that niggling thing that had been trying to penetrate his brain all night finally clicked into place. “Oh my God. You were a virgin,” John gasped in shock.
“John,” a pale and wan looking Clara said on a raspy sigh. She sounded at least somewhat pleased to see him, in spite of it all.
John propped himself up in bed that night, two pillows behind him as he watched Sherlock plug in his phone and laptop.
“No, you wouldn’t,” John said with a haunted look in his eyes as he remembered Sherlock putting a gun to his own head.
He worked the head of the Real Cock out of his arse, gave Sherlock a quick kiss and turned over onto his belly, pulling his knees up under him as he spread his legs. Sherlock awkwardly maneuvered around John until the other man was situated.
“You called for me,” Sherlock replied, his voice raspy in a deeper register than John had ever heard.
Sherlock had begged off. Well, that was putting it politely. Sherlock, still wearing his pajamas, had grunted at him, annoyed, and motioned John to the door. There had been another murder. Despite the fact that the victim’s face hadn’t been removed, Sherlock was certain it was connected to the other murders.
Deciding that that course of action was unacceptable, and determined to be a doctor’s wife, she had sabotaged John’s condoms and stopped taking her birth control pills. John had felt the small, raised pricks in the condom packet, and miraculously, had the good sense to hit pause in the heat of the moment and really look closely at the packet.
“Who’s up for Indian and crap telly tonight?” he asked diverting everyone’s attention to the paper menu he pulled out of the kitchen drawer.
As his closet was directly above the kitchen counter, all of his clothes now reeked like the rubbish tip behind a seedy dive pub. At least Sherlock had offered to pay for the cleaning bill.
“Yeah, I was aware of that, actually, and even if I’d missed it, I’m sure the semen currently dripping out of my arsehole would have clued me in,” John replied sarcastically.
Since John had moved back into the flat on Baker Street a few months ago, Rosie in tow, Sherlock had adapted surprisingly well to the new arrangement. He had always gotten on well with John; he liked having someone fuss over him, making sure he ate regularly and slept on occasion. The fact that John was above average in intelligence, (nowhere near Sherlock’s level of genius, but acceptable all the same), was tolerable and made even more so by the serendipitous but beneficial effect of elevating Sherlock’s own powers of deduction. Simply put, having John as a sounding board amplified Sherlock’s cunning, genius, and sheer cleverness exponentially.
Just as he was re-thinking sedation by ethyl alcohol, inspiration struck. Sherlock wouldn’t normally consider something he did to soothe Rosie as appropriate for John, but he was out of his depth and needs must… John found it soothing when Sherlock played his violin. He obviously couldn’t play now, but…. He began to hum, his deep baritone doing poor justice to the Brahms’ Lullaby, in his opinion, but it seemed to soothe John even further.
It was a testament to Sherlock’s anxiety levels that he hadn’t been able to deduce John’s location; or, perhaps it was John who had behaved so far out of character that he had simply defied all logic. John admitted to himself that if he had been thinking at least semi-rationally, he would have gone to one of the pubs or coffeehouses where the owners knew him and would let him run a tab while sitting in a back corner somewhere and at least keep warm.
He was almost asleep when he felt Sherlock pull away and heard his laptop click open. A moment later, Sherlock turned the fan on and blessed white noise lulled John into sleep. When John awoke, Sherlock was gone and his side of the bed was stone cold to the touch. John shivered as he climbed out of his nest of blankets and made a mental note to speak to Mrs. Hudson about getting that handyman to replace the old windows and maybe take a look at the building’s ancient boiler.
On the one hand, he was grateful that Sherlock had babysat for him Wednesday evening, the night he had late hours at the clinic. On the other hand, the fact that Sherlock had used food coloring that he had ‘liberated’ from Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen cabinet to mix up finger paints for Rosie had been a nightmare of epic proportions. Sherlock had argued that food coloring was chemically inert and therefore completely safe. John seethed quietly and wondered how his fucktard genius of a flat mate hadn’t bothered to consider that most food colorings formed the bases for indelible dyes. Rosie’s face and hands had closely resembled a mutant Picasso painting for just over a week, a fact both she and Sherlock had seemed to delight in. All in all, he supposed it could be worse, and it did make for a few spectacular and highly memorable baby pictures.
John turned and walked back to the sofa, sitting heavily as he stared at his shoes. “He said that you and I…that we had failed to define our terms and state our assumptions regarding love. So, I guess I’ll just ask: What do you think love is, Sherlock?”
you, and yet she put you, herself, and your unborn child in mortal peril by not making absolutely certain you knew what threats you were facing. She gave you a flash drive, John,
“I don’t care that you forgot. My point is…half of my life is over, and I don’t want to spend the last half of it alone. Yeah, I have our friendship, and Rosie, and my job, and The Work, but I need more than that. I need a lover and a partner. I could love you…if I let myself…hell, I already desire you. So, it’s really up to you. I know I’m not much to look at, too much gray in the hair, a little spare tyre starting ‘round the middle, and I’ll never be your intellectual equal. But…well…you know me—you know what you’d be getting probably better than I do. Can you love me, Sherlock? Do you want me?”
“However we want it to,” John replied. “We’ll start working it out in the morning, right after you go to Tesco’s and get us new ice trays,” John said quietly, but Sherlock was already asleep, dreaming the dreams of the innocent and the mad…and the loved.
“John, take Nora home and call for take away. I’ll pick Rosie up from the crèche and meet you back at Baker Street,” Sherlock said decisively. Sherlock watched the pair shuffle for the elevators and realized it was more a case of Nora taking John home, but the details were irrelevant. He hailed a cab.
For the first time in what seemed like forever, but in reality was more along the lines of six months, John had the flat entirely to himself for a whole weekend. Sherlock’s parents had co-opted Rosie for a week, as they did every few months, in order to spend quality time with their ‘grand-daughter.’ John couldn’t begrudge them.
He reached quickly for his new toy, feeling the “skin” slide along the hard shaft, that feeling of smoothly oiled velvet over steel, grinning proudly as he quickly palmed his own, slightly larger shaft—for a bit of relief—not at all for comparison purposes, of course.
“Fuck,” Sherlock swore softly. He took off his dressing gown and tossed it on the couch. He patted himself down finding his wallet in his pocket while simultaneously checking over the flat quickly—John’s House Rule #1. Good. Nothing was in imminent danger of putrefying (don’t ask) or catching fire. Rosie was at the crèche. He tucked his Belstaff over his arm, set the door handle to lock and was out of the flat and hailing a cab in 2 minutes flat.
Despite the fact that mores and social conventions seemed to be looser and more accepting than they were just twenty or even ten years ago, he did not want anyone else to know about his proclivities.
“You’re lying, John. You just said that Mary’s income was used to provide for Rosie’s needs. Why not mine?” Sherlock demanded, words less a question than an ultimatum.
John swallowed and finally asked the question he had been leading up to. “So, does that mean you have experience with men?” he asked softly.
“It isn’t about value,” John hastened to explain before Sherlock got off onto a tirade there would be no coming back from. “It’s about taking advantage…” John began.
John arrived with forty seconds to spare and was surprised to note that he was the last one there. Sherlock looked to be putting the finishing touches on hooking up a power point presentation, fiddling with the connection cables.
John found himself relaxing, letting Sherlock take control. The man was focused and methodical at the best of times; having taken John’s warnings very seriously, he was controlled well past the point where John was coherent enough to care.
John made the corrections and uploaded the corrected profile. When he checked back an hour later it had been changed back. After correcting it four times over the course of one afternoon only to have it revert back almost instantly to the offensive language, he contacted customer service.
Sherlock nodded and then flopped gracefully into the bed, two pillows piled up behind his back as he reached for his laptop. He turned the volume completely off and then pulled up the autopsy reports on the first two victims. John climbed into bed more sedately, pulled his sleep mask into position and was asleep less than a minute after his head hit the pillow. His last conscious thought was that Sherlock had a damned comfortable bed.
Sherlock’s mouth was half open, and he seemed to be having some significant trouble breathing. His eyes got wider as he watched the slow in and out motion, vanish and appear….vanish and appear…. The tight pink ring of John’s arsehole seeming to suck the dildo lewdly in before pushing it slowly out.
John took a drink of the now lukewarm tea before continuing. “I was the sole beneficiary of my parents’ estate, did you know that?” he asked tiredly, voice cracking. “They had disowned Harry years before because she was gay. I set up bank accounts for both of us, and I gave her half. It wasn’t a large inheritance, but it wasn’t that meager either. Despite his numerous failings, my father was a functional alcoholic with a strong work ethic. He went to work every day at the factory for forty-two years; he and my mother managed to save a nest egg of around seventy thousand quid.”
The timing couldn’t have been more perfect. John stared at the small, neatly wrapped package in non-descript, cheap, brown, recycled paper. Only the return address: RD Enterprises, San Marcos, California, USA gave John any indication of exactly what it was he was holding in his slightly trembling left hand.
One incident stood out clearly in his memory. He had had to treat one young man for a perforated colon, ruptured bladder and rectal bleeding after some of the men in his squad somehow reached the questionable determination that he was gay. After tying stocking masks over their faces, they then cornered him in a supply closet and sodomized him repeatedly with a broom handle.
John shook his head trying to clear it, but anger still simmered just beneath the surface, his emotions running hot and tight, a certainty niggling in his mind that he had somehow been used.
“Well, let’s see. There’s you and me and Rosie, and Nora of course. All of her kids live in either Canada or Australia, and she hates to fly around the holidays. Can’t say I blame her, really. Uhmmmm…. Mycroft and your parents…Molly, Lestrade, Lestrade’s kids Eileen and Jennifer, Mrs. Hudson….and Clara. How many is that?”
by the med school senior class, signed up every rotation for the in-depth prostate exam. Stamford, with a wicked smile and four shots of Baileys in his gut, had admitted that he’d set John up with old Pete just for laughs.
After twelve more attempts to fix his profile, even going so far as to change the title completely three times with the same results, John gave the whole thing up as a bad job and deleted his profile.
Mycroft Holmes simply hated calling in favors. He preferred to bank them, let them accrue interest for a while, and then let them sit growing ever larger until they were an enormous, unpayable debt so that when he finally had to use one the interest was still sitting quietly in the bank—another favor to be called in at a later date.
The shock of twelve and a half stone of consulting detective falling dead weight across his back drove John’s knees completely out from underneath him, and he landed flat, completely prone with Sherlock’s semi-hard cock still inside him, the younger man’s weight and position keeping the now softening member in place.
“He wants them to struggle,” John said, excitement creeping into his voice. “He wants them to think they have a chance of loosening the ropes, of getting free.”
The abuse those men suffered often bordered on torture or completely crossed that line and erased it behind them in some instances. John had seen his share.
“Oh, not Lestrade,” Sherlock mumbled dejectedly as the phone chimed again. He tossed the phone toward John and settled back into bed, leaving the light on, eyes glittering green-gold in the harsh lamplight.
“I did. But, I am very familiar with the demons of heroin, John, the paranoia and the occasional hallucinations. It’s not like it’s regulated by the Crown. You never know what it’s cut with and how bad the side effects are going to be. Some dealers cut it with rat poison and some even add LSD making the hallucinations so much worse. Moreover, I am simply not convinced that your sister intended to kill Clara Burton; what little you've told me of Harry's previous legal woes as well as her criminal record seems to bear that out.”
John pushed himself out of bed and winced. Oh, he’d be feeling the effects of Sherlock’s version of the Real Cock II X for days; he felt a grin playing on his lips—it had been totally worth it, though.
“I don’t know,” John answered, scrubbing his hands across his tired eyes, the first vestiges of stubble rubbing like light sandpaper over his fingers. “I should have thought this through before calling … errr… texting you. There’s nothing you can do here except sit and wait like the rest of us. Harry’s surgeon called me an hour ago; I probably should have stayed at work, but…” he shrugged as he struggled to find words. “I just don’t know that I could have provided proper patient care when most of my mind was occupied with Harry. We’re bored bloody senseless already,” he said as he nodded toward Nora who was at least keeping her hands occupied. She appeared to be knitting Christmas stockings. “You’ll go out of your mind sitting here.”
Mycroft laughed heartily. “Dr. Watson, you’ve seen to what lengths I go to look out for Sherlock; do you truly believe I would turn him away in a time of need because he was out of favors? The favors between Sherlock and myself are a game we play and nothing more, but I will reinstate Sherlock’s favor,” Mycroft said with another chuckle. “You drive a hard bargain, doctor.”
“But, my addiction is probably the best place to begin this conversation. Do you know why I started using, Watson? What prompted me to turn to illegal drugs, to become an addict?”
Sherlock chose that moment to glide in from the bathroom and handed her a warm, damp flannel, which she took with a forced, grateful smile. John wasn’t sure when Sherlock had left, but he shot the other man a quick nod of appreciation. Clara cleaned the streaked make up off her face and looked absently at the cloth, now smeared with mascara, foundation and rouge, the yellowing bruises on her face no longer concealed.
Scrubbing his hands across his face blearily, John gave a curt nod and hoped to hell that Harry really had finally hit bottom.
“No, the longest break between kills is eight months. He has, therefore, never been convicted of a felony, and he is too controlled, too methodical to be arrested for some ridiculous drunk and disorderly misdemeanor.”
“Oh my God,” John gasped. “She just said her first word,” John quickly took her and pressed her to his chest. “What did you say, Love? Say it again.”
Sherlock heaved another put upon sigh. “Very well,” he said, giving in with ill grace, looking testily from John’s shoulder down to the end of the bed—a very short distance from where John was lying sprawled in the middle, “but I refuse to contort myself into a small pretzel to do so,” he said with an irritated frown as he awkwardly held his arms open for John to lie against him.
“There’s some fresh blackberry jam from the farmer’s market in the fridge,” John muttered. “God, you’re a whiny bastard this morning.”
Of course, Sherlock pitched a hissy when John proposed stenciling little smiling flowers and grinning dinosaurs on the wall.
It was nearing midnight as the two men crept quietly up the stairs to their flat. They had done as much as they could for the moment. Now it was a waiting game—either the killer would strike again or the DNA, autopsy and toxicology reports would come in. Sherlock hated waiting.
"Uhmmm...," John murmured dazedly, and then realized exactly what 'the only one' implied.  John finally nodded a bit helplessly as it sunk in that Sherlock's interpretation of his statement was the only logical one.
On Saturday, John announced that he had a date. The new radiology technician at the clinic, Susan or Luanne…. well, something Ann or maybe it was Lynn, had agreed to go for drinks with John that evening.
“No. The Diogenes Club,” Sherlock said, answering the questions in reverse order as he moved toward the coat rack.
“Awww hell,” John muttered. “I was going to ask you to marry me,” he blurted in frustration, as he shoved the opened paper back into Sherlock’s hands, a paper on which he had printed a picture of the ring.
“Would this position increase it enough so that I can accompany Sherlock on the high profile government cases?”
As John settled Rosie in her pram for a brief nap, he was startled to realize that the impeccably dressed gentleman who had just sat down next to them was Mycroft Holmes. John’s first thought was “Oh God, this cannot be good.” It was quickly followed by “This has something to do with Sherlock. What has he done now?”
He sat awkwardly on the couch next to John, wrapped his arms around the other man and began stroking long fingers through his gold/gray hair. He began to doubt the rightness of his actions when the hysterical laughter turned to gasping, hysterical sobs, but he persevered regretting immediately that he had no further data and no plan B to fall back on.
“Sherlock, it’s almost nine. We’ve gotta get a move on if we’re gonna get the food started on time,” John said as he gave a little tug forward.
“You struck a man who refused to fight back, who clearly was demonstrating all of the markers of extreme pain had you taken the time to notice, a man who had suffered torture, hunger, deprivation and constant jeopardy for years to keep you safe,” Mycroft concluded on a cold hiss. “I am not at liberty to give you any further details, and neither is Sherlock,” Mycroft said quietly as he saw John attempting to form a question. “This mission was, and still is, classified above top secret.”
John moaned. He had never considered himself much of an exhibitionist, but this was, by far, the most salacious, dirty, pornographic thing he had ever done.
,” John repeated with some extra profanity for emphasis. “I thought you’d just never been with a man, but you’d never been with anyone, had you?” John murmured, certain he was right.
Mycroft considered. “As you know from the Eurus debacle, Sherlock was emotionally tortured by our sister. It changed him, made him lock his emotions away, and, fool that I am, I encouraged him to do so—to deride sentiment and suppress his emotions. That does not mean he no longer possesses them. If Sherlock loves anything in this world, it is you, John, you and Rosie... Good day to you, doctor,” Mycroft said as he turned and began walking down the concrete path, the tip of his umbrella tapping out a sharp cadence to his footsteps as he slowly disappeared from sight.
“My cousin, Nora, well… she’s just sold her house outside of Leeds and the bit of property around it—small farm. Her husband, Ian, passed on last year and her kids are all grown and left home years ago. She’s in her late 50’s now and doesn’t want to go back to teaching primary school. Well, I mentioned to her about needing a nanny for Rosie, and she expressed a fair amount of interest in the plan when we had lunch today. She’s looking for a situation in London—nice change of pace from the country where she can start over, make new friends, and everything around her won’t remind her of Ian.”
*Please leave feedback.  If you are reading this story and enjoying it even a little bit, I'd really appreciate a few words.
Sherlock sighed softly as the aforementioned guilt began to set in a few minutes later. Something, some innate sense of some unnameable thing, seemed to whisper into his mind. This was not the way to secure John’s happiness or his continued presence in Sherlock’s life. Rather than manipulate John, Sherlock decided spontaneously, he would try to support John, be his friend. If John discovered the extent of Sherlock’s manipulations, well, this could only end badly. Of course, being John’s friend didn’t necessarily exclude a little sexual teasing, either.
He fought back a sense of despair and asked the next logical question. In for a penny…in for a pound.
Mary had been the only one he trusted with his secret. When he had told her, he had been wary of her reaction, but she had surprised him and enthusiastically offered to help. Her help had gradually led them both into trying pegging. John was amazed to discover that many straight men enjoyed having their female partners strap on a dildo harness and fuck them in the arse. There was a whole industry of toys and harnesses and how-to videos that catered to the growing niche market of heterosexual couples who liked, and routinely engaged in, anal penetration of the male partner.
“I realize that you don’t believe I can feed myself, but I am an adult, Watson….John,” Sherlock amended in consideration of the fact that they had just shared a very intimate moment. “I realize it may have escaped your notice at the time, particularly given the fact that I placed your odds of going into cardiac arrest at approximately 15%, but I did have a rather satisfying orgasm myself.”
John sighed tiredly and signed the last of the charts for the evening, laying his pen down on his desk blotter and rubbing his slightly numbed eyeballs. For a secret government clinic that ostensibly wanted no paper trail to exist, there was a hell of a lot of paperwork involved.
“You’re chilled to the bone,” he whispered against the cold fabric and chilled flesh of Sherlock’s left shoulder.
Mycroft raised his arm and gestured, and the two agents behind him caught up to them, pushing the pram in front of them. John was relieved to see Rosie, happy and content, awake but not yet demanding her bottle. Baby delivered, the agents dissolved quickly back into the cover of the trees as if they had never existed.
“You would have.” Sherlock’s tone left no room for doubt, no margin for error, and John let it go—determined to live up to Sherlock’s good opinion of him.
The designer had even set up a table relating what the stones meant in common folklore. John was torn between emerald—love and rebirth, diamond—eternal love and healing, and sapphire—a promise of honesty, loyalty and trust. He finally decided on a sapphire heart with the micropavé diamonds in the crown; without words, this elegant band said all he needed to say about how he felt about Sherlock Holmes. The website allowed him to “create” and save the ring. He looked at it again, whispered “soon,” and minimized it to his tray.
The taller man nodded, exited swiftly and let the door swing shut. A moment later a nurse bustled into the room and injected a sedative into Clara’s IV. Within a minute, Clara was asleep and John lowered her gently onto the cervical pillow that prevented pressure from being applied to the occipital region of the injured woman’s head.
“Hang on a second,” he said quickly to Lestrade. He then mouthed “Emergency. Sorry, I’ll call you,” to Caitlyn as he began pulling his jacket on and heading for the exit. He had just succeeded in pulling on his jacket and was looking around desperately for a taxi in the freezing London drizzle when Lestrade broke in.
John shivered violently as he felt a fresh wave of tears begin to freeze to his lashes and cheeks. His breath gusted in frozen white clouds in front of his face, and he noticed belatedly that at some point it had begun to snow. There was a thick coating overlaying the path and the fountain.
Sherlock chuckled softly. “John, I happen to know that you’re not some sort of sexual deviant. I doubt there is anything that you desire that I haven’t tried at least once. If you were to consent to this… arrangement …, nothing would happen that you did not want, and I would never pressure you for more than you are willing to give. Now, if you have any further questions, ask me tomorrow. I haven’t slept since Friday afternoon, and I need a few hours of sleep before I collapse. Goodnight John,” Sherlock said as he stretched and headed for his bedroom.
Clean and garbed for bed, John stepped into Sherlock’s room hesitantly to find that Sherlock had taken two spare pillows and made a divider down the center of the bed.
John gripped a mug of tea tightly, staring into the murky depths of the milky, sweet beverage as if it held the answers to all of life’s questions. They had arrived back at Baker Street at 7:30 that morning, exhausted beyond words. Nora had taken just one look at the two of them, and John had broken down-- somewhat coherently relating the events of the night before.
“John, I took that ridiculous robbery case just for the fee, for Rosie. Nothing had even been stolen. The woman’s elderly mother simply suffers from dementia and had misplaced her jewelry, in the walk-in freezer of all places. It wasn’t even a 2, no challenge at all.”
Sherlock waved his hand negligently. “Water under the bridge. Anyway, in that same vein, potential lovers are entitled to a full disclosure of the other’s sexual history, so you needn’t feel embarrassed to ask me anything. It’s your right to know. John, if you fidget much more, the friction is going to set that chair on fire. Just ask what you want to know.”
The slick slide of hot flesh against hot flesh, harsh pants and low moans from both men punctuated the stillness, drowning out the low hum of the radiator.
“Alright, I’m following so far. But, if you weren’t going to get high, and I’m not saying I don’t believe you, where were you going?”
Elsewhere at 221 Baker Street, Martha Hudson hummed quietly to herself as she surveyed her perfume options before selecting and daubing a bit of Chanel No. 5 behind each ear. Nothing like the tried and true staples after all.
“Squeeze the base of your cock hard if you’re really close. Otherwise, a sharp jerk to your testicles will delay things nicely.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m an addict, John. You know this. I understand your anger and frustration, but if Mycroft had washed his hands of me, I’d very likely be dead now.”
This left Sherlock with only one question to answer. What would a girlfriend provide John that Sherlock was not currently providing? As soon as Sherlock identified that thing(s) and addressed the problem, John would be happy and stay. So, what did the insipid dolts provide? Companionship? No, Sherlock took John with him on cases; in fact they went nearly everywhere together, except when John had to work at the clinic. Excitement? No, most of them simply wanted a meal out and some ridiculous rom-com at the theater. Boring. When one of them inadvertently got caught up in one of their cases, it was pretty much the death knell of the relationship.
“I am reviewing all of the murders the NSY has on file for the year 2009,” Sherlock replied tersely.
“Really?” Mycroft said, eyebrow quirked for emphasis. “You just admitted that you’ve no idea why you lose your self-control where Sherlock is concerned, and you don’t think that’s a problem?” He glanced at Rosie’s pram briefly before refocusing his eyes directly on John. “Do you really want to perpetuate the cycle of abuse and violence onto the next generation? Your grandfather, your father, your alcoholic sister…” Mycroft trailed off delicately. “Do you truly want to become what you most despise?”
“Lack of specifity,” Sherlock said succinctly. “You were writing that blog for yourself, so you failed to specify the degree of emotional baggage, for lack of a better term, that you had invested in the word as well as the fact that you expected the sentiment to be reciprocated to some degree. From reading your blog, I knew it was only important to you that you say it, and you hoped the sentiment would be returned; you never conveyed the tacit expectations and emotional validation you had invested in the ritual.”
A muffled squeak and a very cute, somewhat rumpled glare rewarded his efforts to get Sherlock’s attention, as the world’s only consulting detective flopped over onto his back, shoved the blankets down to his chest and fixed John with a death glare.
At some point, it had gotten damp and some of the ink had run but it was still recognizable, although no longer shiny and beautiful; it looked dull and a bit smeared like a watercolor run slightly amok.
Twice John had thought Sherlock had been moved to sample the pleasures of the flesh: once with Irene Adler, but he had been solely intrigued with her mind, and once with Janine, Mary’s friend, but he was simply using her to get to her boss, a notorious blackmailer.
John stopped working the dildo, leaving the head inside his very interested arse. “God yes, I want you so much,” John whispered as he finally gave into one of his fantasies, wound his fingers into the curls at Sherlock’s nape and pulled the other man down for a kiss.
Sherlock clenched and unclenched his jaw rhythmically, his eyes closed in deep concentration. He didn’t want to answer; it would be clear to a blind man, and yet John was certain he would answer simply because John had asked. Before his guilt could push him into retracting the question, Sherlock murmured, “you….you and Rosie. My bottom isn’t a place I’ve been; it’s the absolute certainty that you would take Rosie and leave. I know you never want her to see me high, and believe me when I say I understand that. I’ve seen myself high and coming down from a high—a filthy, desperate, rambling lunatic. I never want her to see that either.”
Nora looked at him and raised an eyebrow. John grinned back. Yeah, no one was fooled by Sherlock’s attempt to blink back tears, but he was going to let the other man have this. Drawing attention to it would only embarrass him.
“I don’t want to, Sherlock,” John said softly as he reached out to grasp Sherlock’s hand. It was warm and firm, and it brought him an immeasurable amount of comfort when Sherlock squeezed back. “I have to. And, I know that this is your home, and I’d never ask you to leave,” John said as he pressed his lips together to keep the quaver out of his voice.
I couldn’t find an exact date in canon for Mary’s death, so based on the weather in the episode as aired and what little google could supply about weather in London in general, I guessed and put her death in early March, which means this story begins circa early September.
“Unh unh,” Sherlock whined again. “They’re staying with Mycroft …more room, and they get their own bathroom.”
The second website was for a halfway house in Cardiff. The residents were required to get jobs in the community to help pay restitution to their victims. They were drug tested daily and received two to four hours of intensive counseling daily; group therapy was held three times per week. They had a strict zero tolerance policy; any resident who tested positive was returned to the criminal justice system to serve out his/her criminal sentence.
John had crept back upstairs, shutting and locking his door, sinking down onto the cold wooden floor too stunned to move, too traumatized to cry. What followed were days, weeks, months… years of prayer, of meetings with Father Winchester, a barrage of teachings about how anything other than strict heterosexuality was to be condemned, persecuted. And, whenever his father felt John wasn’t taking the lesson to heart, he resorted to his old stand-by—his fists. Their parents had disowned Harry, who had disappeared for years after that, living on the streets and at various shelters. John was forbidden from trying to find her, not that he had had any notion of how to go about searching for her anyway. And through it all, his parents had demanded almost daily his commitment to church, god, heterosexuality and marriage.
For the first time in his life, John Watson swallowed his damnable pride. “Thank you, Sherlock. If you truly don’t mind, we accept. Thank you. You’ll never know what this means to me….to us.”
In fact, it had worked out so well that she had decided to try it again. Sherlock’s dour brother and that sweet pathologist were perfect for each other. A few dropped hints, a subtle innuendo or two and John had caught right on. Silly boy. He even thought it was his own idea!
When Sherlock strode into the surgical waiting area it was to find Nora sitting with Mycroft of all people.
“Mycroft,” John interjected with a quick glance around. “I’m straight…you know, heterosexual. Surely that hasn’t escaped your notice.”
“Mycroft and Irene Adler both referred to you as “The Virgin.” I thought…,” John trailed off looking confused.
John felt the blood drain from his face. “Jesus,” he muttered as he pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes in a desperate, vain attempt to push the information out of his mind. Not for the first time did he envy Sherlock’s ability to compartmentalize emotion and even delete information he did not wish to retain. “Jesus.”
John began to alternately sigh and moan as he slowly worked the cock into his body with a steady push/pull motion, pushing in a little more each time than he was withdrawing, as he prolonged the penetration as much as possible. A little over two inches in, and the head made first contact with his prostate.
“Drink that,” Mycroft demanded in a voice that brooked no arguments. When John had burned his lips and tongue drinking down that cupful and one more after that, Mycroft sighed and pulled out a bottle of Irish whiskey, pouring John and himself both a healthy slug of the liquor into the cocoa mugs.
As John let his hands play softly over his own body, he closed his eyes and let the fantasy have free reign. As fantasy Sherlock stroked long fingers through his hair and pressed soft, moist kisses to his jaw and neck, John sighed, mimicking the motions as best he could with his own fingers, teasing his flesh until it was overly sensitive and he had begun to shiver with want.
John nodded. He still hadn’t forgiven Mycroft for the way he had poked around in John’s head that day at the zoo. But in all fairness, he had asked for it, so the threat was an idle one at best, an expression of irritation at his own lack of self-awareness at worst.
John sighed and closed his eyes, allowing himself to feel the softness of the sheets, the cocooning comfort of the thick memory foam mattress, drifting slowly with the lush notes of Lily Was Here on Candy Dulfer’s alto sax.
“Yes, I’ve read all of her court statements and her police reports. While your sister was stalking, threatening, intimidating and even committed wanton acts of property violence in order to cow Ms. Burton, she had never actually struck her until two nights ago.”
“It’s an Alpha’s right to decide about whether life-sustaining measures should be taken with regards to their mate or not. His decision was well within the bounds of legality and to be honest, it’s a decision that’s made quite often. It’s standard procedure. There’s no reason to be upset.”
Now it was John’s turn to fidget nervously. “What you said there a few moments ago, about losing control being the most terrible thing that could happen to you…. Did you mean that?”
He ran to the end of the floor and slid down the staircase, almost falling in his haste to get down.
“Ah, there you are, “John said with that short, false smile of his, that betrayed his obvious anxiety. “Good old Mrs. Hudson left us a casserole on the table while we were sleeping. I’d say we eat now, get something solid into you. Alright?”
He had grown used to the arrogant, but incredibly clever person he called his colleague. He had grown to really like that also warm-hearted, gentle, and loving person he called his best friend. The friend who had performed the miracle of turning him, John, from a lonely, sad war veteran with PTSD into a man who enjoyed life again by solving crimes with the world’s only consulting detective.
“How do you feel? Apart from the headache I mean.” John’s soft voice was an anchor to reality, a beacon in the exhausting chaos of pain and weariness that was trying to push him down. Sherlock gathered his strength and angled his body towards that voice somewhere above him, drawn to its tempting perfection. He didn’t care if he seemed needy.
John grabbed his arms again and ducked his head to find Sherlock’s eyes again, he had dropped his gaze in his panic. “Sherlock calm down. You can breathe, you just have to concentrate. Look at me!”
“It’s not your concern, “Scott hissed as he roughly pushed Victor out of the way, taking a step away from the other two students, but the other Alpha grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back.
“No!” John was desperate now, this had somehow gone wrong. He laid his hand on Sherlock’s knee, but Sherlock jumped off the sofa as if he couldn’t bear to be touched by John. His eyes were glittering as he ran a quivering hand through his hair.
His eyes widened when Greg approached his cell with a huge plate of fried chicken, peas, and mashed potatoes. There was also creamy mushroom soup. And strawberry cheesecake for dessert.
“That you are, “Greg said with conviction and he drained his cup of tea in one large gulp. “And I’m glad you’re not getting punished for decking him. I shouldn’t say this as a police officer but if you hadn’t done it, I might have been tempted to do so myself.”
That night, John lay awake again, staring at the ceiling. He was deeply impressed by everything Molly had told him and he was still astonished that he had never known about the lives of so many people in this world, even if they were the minority in contrast to Alphas and Betas. A small voice inside his mind told him that Scott was right: he was a selfish, entitled Alpha. If he weren’t he would have bothered catching up on current Omega laws.
The scent of salt and a brewing storm hung heavily between them, dangerous and overwhelming and Sherlock was suddenly filled with desperation at having caused this. What was wrong with him? He needed to calm down, for heaven’s sake  - but he couldn’t, pushing the confusing feeling down stubbornly.
“Ah, nonsense. We’ll avoid drinking too much and anyway, our first seminar starts at ten. That’s enough time for us to sleep and drink a nice Bloody Mary for breakfast.”
John had taken care of him like the very good friend that he was. Sherlock was still incredibly grateful that John had saved him from being attacked – twice – because he didn’t know how he would have dealt with the outcome of the first attack and he knew he wouldn’t have survived the one from the second had John not interceded. He owed John his life, that was a fact.
It seemed to help his friend calm down as his face relaxed underneath John’s careful touches and after a few minutes, Sherlock was sound asleep again, for once breathing peacefully. John found himself staring at the face of the man across from him, deathly still and pale, a shine of sweat at his hairline, unruly curls falling down into his face from the sides.
She screamed in pain as she pulled away from him. The man in the suit stepped forward quickly, but she raised her hand at once. “No! It’s fine.” The man went back to his corner albeit reluctantly.
“Well, at least twelve hours, “she said, “I’ll get the information to Mr. Holmes’ brother and he’ll contact you. The most important one for now would be the swab from the bite on the shoulder. We’ll test it for bacteria or viruses that might have invaded Mr. Holmes’ system so you can adjust the antibiotic treatment as well as add more medicaments. Fortunately, Mr. Holmes has had a tetanus shot a year ago as his brother informed me, so we don’t need to worry about that. However, there’s still the risk of other infections such as HIV and hepatitis B or C.”
“Maybe, “John said, then he tilted his head to the side thoughtfully, “maybe not. I have to go, Greg.”
Greg looked slightly alarmed but then his features changed into something more guarded, a fact that left John a little suspicious.
“Alright.” He gave up, looking very disappointed, and he addressed Greg. “Lestrade, could you please phone me as soon as you’re in that man’s flat? Maybe we could hold a video conference and you could show me his room…”
John nodded at her gratefully and made his way over to the counter. It took a while until he had young Ben’s attention because there were other people ordering drinks but eventually, he managed to get the bloke's attention.
Sherlock was nervous. John could see it from the way his eyes kept flitting upwards to him, then quickly back down to the ground, as if he was trying to avoid looking directly at him. As if he was afraid that John would see something in his face that he wasn’t supposed to see. The fact that he was pacing their living room, picking up random pieces of things his fumbling hands found - a book, a forgotten teacup - looking at them without really seeing them, was a good indicator of Sherlock’s inner anxiety.
John leaned forward on his bed. “Oh yes, you will, because I am your doctor and I am ordering you to.”
Because surely John didn’t deserve losing his life over what he had done for Sherlock. To save his stupid idiotic arse because Sherlock was too stupid to change. To not be himself.
He stopped speaking and tipped his head back, considering something. “Yes, I think that was all.” His eyes snapped back to John again. “Did I get anything wrong?”
Mycroft looked at Sherlock who refused to meet his gaze. Mycroft shrugged and went to fetch himself a cup of tea. Mrs. Hudson soon brought Sherlock his with a slightly scolding look on her face, but she didn’t say anything. She knew his moods and she knew better than to provoke him now.
Meeting up at John and Mike’s rooms to celebrate the start of the semester had become some sort of tradition between them and although they always started with just beer, one of them inevitably would suggest something stronger at some point in the evening. John always found it impossible to say no to the obligatory shots of vodka, whiskey, and/or rum he and his friends shared during a few rounds of cards. He didn’t want to be a spoilsport after all.
“Please spare yourself your false concern, Mycroft, “Sherlock prompted quickly, his voice a sneer. “I’m too tired of your games.”
John holding Sherlock in his arms on a damp meadow in St. Edward’s Park. John cradling Sherlock against his chest on the ground of a dirty attic in a dirty warehouse somewhere in London.
John blinked as he realized Sherlock was studying him. He wasn’t grinning like before, instead, he seemed to be brooding, his eyes flitting over John’s face at a fast pace and John groaned inwardly. Sherlock was deducing him. Or trying to, because from that slightly frustrated tightening of his mouth he didn’t seem to reach a satisfying conclusion.
John grimly thought Frederic was right to feel scared. “So what did you do then? Did you try to talk to him?”
“You’re wearing a very small but distinguished silver necklace under your shirt. I can see it’s circle-shaped. The unusual shape suggests it’s old, probably a family heirloom which has been given to you by a female. Could be a girlfriend but no, you’re wearing it now and you’re asking me out, which means you have no girlfriend. You wouldn’t be wearing anything by her or you’d be a cheat which doesn’t apply because….strong sense of justice. So. It has been given to you by your mother. There’s probably a tiny picture of yourself as a baby in it or of you and her. However it is, you’re sentimental. Why are you sentimental? Because things are not as good as they were. You’re poor. You’re wearing expensive clothes but they’ve been bought second-hand, which is obvious from the worn fringes of your shirt and the holes in the knee area - no they aren’t artificial, these are actually well-worn jeans.”
“Nuh-uh. Before you go all raging tiger on me, tell me this. Did you know that your brother has recently murdered two people without you?”
The fresh air hit them as soon as they stepped out and John was thankful because they had drunken four or five glasses of beer and they had been a little drunk. Now, though, he felt completely sober. Fear for Sherlock seized him and cleared his body from all the effects the alcohol had had on him. They had to hurry and find Sherlock.
Mycroft turned and smiled his typical I-know-everything-better-than-you-smile. “I’m afraid, little brother, you’ll have to endure my presence here for a little while longer. Don’t think for a second you’ll be left alone here.”
“Oh. Oh, really?” he said at last and he looked up again, seeing Sherlock tilt his head to the side in confusion. “I thought you didn’t care that I was in prison. You didn’t seem to when I called you last night. What was it you said? You wished me good luck?”
He awoke again with a start. Seconds later he realized a glass of water had been splashed into his face to rouse him.
She left them alone. John sent a quick silent prayer of thanks to Mycroft wherever he was and looked back at Sherlock. He had quieted down and was only moaning a little now, soft little whines escaping his throat and he was still trembling.
He stopped again, swallowing down another heavy lump in his throat before he regained his composure.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, sneering at him without holding back. “Why should we do that? You’re going to kill us anyway.”
John Watson stopped in his tracks, his shoulders rigid in surprise. His friend, a Beta called Mike if Sherlock remembered right, also stood still, standing next to him. The two of them turned around at the same time, both of them with their mouth open as they apparently had been discussing something when they had been interrupted by him. Several students standing around or passing by raised their heads and watched curiously as Sherlock finally reached the other two men and he suppressed the urge to bark at them to mind their own business.
“Uhm….er…..” The guy was sweating profusely, his eyes darting frantically right and left at his neighbours for help he unexpectedly didn’t get.
John was not feeling all too optimistic. “Maybe they’ve taken him. Come on, let’s see if we can find more, follow a trail.” He jumped up and searched the grass for more blood as did Greg. After a few minutes, it seemed they wouldn’t find anymore and John was starting to feel utterly hopeless when he suddenly saw one tiny drop of blood. It was far away from the other one, right in front of the building next to the agency.
“That one seems nice, don’t you think?” James shouted into their ears. He was pointing at a girl in the middle of the dancefloor. She was tall and beautiful, her body moving gracefully to the rhythm of the music, and John nodded with a small whistle.
“You seemed to be quite deep into your mind palace this time, “John observed quietly, as he led Sherlock to the kitchen table. “You didn’t even notice me entering the room. Care to tell me what that was all about?”
“Please, “he said and something peculiar flashed in Mycroft’s eyes. “I just need a moment’s rest. Then we can talk, alright?”
“Alright. Okay.” He leaned over Sherlock and stroked the side of his face, frowning at the feel of burning skin. “I’ll just get some things, alright, Sherlock?”
“Okay, I’m not making fun of you, I mean it. I know what I said to you that other night when I lost control which was quite the most terrible thing that could have happened to me and it’s not fair of me to put you through the same ordeal, no, it’s really terrible. I’m ashamed of making that decision and I hope you can forgive me. Please, I can only reiterate what I said at the chapel: I only have one friend and that’s you, John…” He trailed off, looking a little lost and he ran a slightly trembling hand through his curly hair nervously. He swallowed heavily. “I’m grateful you’re my friend John. I really am. I’ve never had a friend like you and it’s…. well, it’s made my life so much better okay?” He looked down, obviously unable to look John in the eye anymore, and blushed.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows ever so slightly and John barely managed to stop himself from hurrying over to the two brothers and push himself between them. This wasn’t helping Sherlock’s fragile condition at all. But he knew they would just ignore him, so he stayed put, for now, observing them anxiously.
“Well, that was quite the short phone call, “Greg observed unnecessarily as he looked at John in growing concern. “What did he say?”
His heart pounded against his ribcage, as John closed his eyes, waiting for the taste of those beautiful cupid-bow lips, the inevitable physical connection he had longed for so long finally coming to a close….
Sherlock smiled to himself as he smoked. Despite being in this awful loud place he didn’t have an awful time. John was happy and relaxed, and Sherlock was happy to see his friend in such a state. He knew how he strained his friend’s nerves while they were on cases and he was sincerely sorry for how he treated him sometimes, but he mostly couldn’t help it, it’s just the way he was. He just got like that when his mind was overflowing with the need to deduce, to analyze. He just hoped his friend would be okay with that for as long as they worked together (which would be a long time, hopefully) and so he was happy to treat John to some well-deserved fun.
Sherlock nodded his thanks, still unable to look at his friend. The nurse suddenly stood at the doorway. “Alright, Mr. Holmes, are you ready for the examination? I’m Nurse Wilkins, by the way.”
But because Sherlock still seemed confused and disoriented John took a step back. It wouldn’t do to confuse his friend even more.
“No chance, mate,” Mike said as he shook his head, grinning at his friend’s remarkable blunder. “She’s long gone.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything at first but when John continued to glare at him, he sighed and mumbled “Alright.”
The next thing he realized was that he couldn’t move his arms or legs. That was because he was cuffed to a very broad chair, in a way that his arms were spread wide, away from his body, and his legs more closely together. They had used real police handcuffs instead of simply ropes or cable tie. Unfortunately, this ruled out freeing himself of them on his own.
“It’s nothing, really, “he explained nonchalantly, as he picked up his forgotten bag from the floor, pulling it over his shoulder, clearly signifying that he was ready to go. “I was just distracted for a moment, but that’s all.”
He carefully pulled the shirt over Sherlock’s head and discarded it to the side. Sherlock did not react then, nor did he stir when John efficiently pulled the sweatpants down his narrow waist and off his long legs, leaving him lying there only in black pants. He refused to look at Sherlock now in the state that he was in, almost completely naked and unconscious in front of him, and he tried to rouse him once again, without success.
Shaking his head at himself, cursing himself for his insensitivity, at the same time thinking that he
Once again, he found himself resenting his embarrassing inexperience and he wished he had allowed people that had shown interest in him to initiate something. Not a serious relationship, no, because nobody he had known before John would have ever been interesting enough for that, no one could hold a candle to John. But maybe something less, something superficial, a kind of friendship that also involved sexual relations. Just one of these kinds of relationships would be very helpful to him now, giving him some sort of guideline on how to deal with this.
Thinking about that man forcing himself onto him, his shameless hands all over Sherlock’s body, biting into him, kneading his helpless flesh, whispering dirty words into his ear - it almost made Sherlock double over and throw up into the toilet.
“Come on, master detective. Let’s get home and tell Mrs. Hudson the good news. We can celebrate with some tea and biscuits.”
She looked at her chart and murmured to herself for a little while. John saw Sherlock’s knuckles turn white as he waited for her answer.
“Sherlock! Can you hear me? It’s me, John!” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open at the touch of John’s hands but only barely so and he closed them again immediately, wincing in obvious pain.
“Oh, so you are an expert I see. BDSM? That’s sick, letting yourself be bitten like that. You really are a freak.” Her voice was soft and deep, but her words tore into him like steel and he choked down a sob as she began to poke at the damaged tissue of his shoulder with her fingers.
The problem was that his body didn’t seem to be on par with that notion. As of late, it had started to respond with more than just the usual angry heat to Sherlock’s childish temper tantrums, he was starting to react … differently. And wasn’t that embarrassing? He could count himself lucky that Sherlock had yet to notice how John sometimes stepped away from him after a heated argument, turning his back quickly so that Sherlock would not see the telltale bulge in the front of his trousers. Or that he had failed to see the reason why John sometimes closed his eyes when they were shouting at each other, swallowing heavily, that it was not because he wanted to throw him out of the window - well that too, he guessed - but mostly because he wanted to pin him against the wall and snog him senseless.
“Come on, “he said, deciding to broach matters now before his courage waned again, and he stood up, “make yourself comfortable on the couch, I’ll make us some tea, yeah?”
“Yes, of course, sorry, “Sherlock muttered, “of course, it’s not that late and we haven’t travelled the whole day, it’s not as if we’ve left the country but your condition is not the best and you do not work out often enough so that’s no surprise…Apart from that you had your eyes closed on the train a lot so I’d say that counts as resting so why you still feel the urge to go to bed so early is a little beyond me but that’s just my opinion. Well, in fact…”
A short laugh escaped John’s lips. “Oh yes, of course. You’re incredible. Brilliant. Amazing.  Quite extraordinary.”
John swallowed the last bite of his toast and drank the rest of his cup of tea. “Feeling bossy today, are we?” he retorted and winked at Sherlock who raised an eyebrow, clearly confused at John’s repetition of his punchline from earlier.
John looked at him as a thought entered his mind. “How come you talked to Greg? I thought he wouldn’t give you more cases at least for a few days…” At least he had hoped so, but apparently Greg had thought otherwise. He wished Greg would have talked to him, but then again, maybe Greg didn’t have the chance to do so, just like him.
“The burns caused by the hydrochloric acid are evident in all of these images, but it’s obvious that the larynx on the left-hand side has only been affected in a superficial manner. The red marks on the thyrohyoid membrane are clearly less severe than the ones in the other two pictures. In regards to the picture on the right, I’d say that we can infer from the scar tissue on the cricoid cartilage leading up to an almost completely destroyed trachea that the owner of said larynx will never be able to speak again, not to mention never be able to breathe on their own.”
He was dismayed at Scott’s strong reaction, confused by what he realized was the smell of fear coming off of the other lad in waves. If he could smell it so strongly from a Beta, the poor kid really had to be terrified. Sending out calming pheromones with his own body, he raised his hands’ palms up while holding Scott’s gaze, hoping he could calm him down with the dual gesture.
The students all took to their assigned workplaces and started to pair off. John reluctantly shuffled over to Workplace 4 as well, nodding gratefully when a blonde Beta he vaguely recognized as Mason Umbridge stepped forward to ask him if they wanted to be partners. He frowned when he saw Victor and Alpha standing a little bit away from them, smirking first at him arrogantly before they turned to fix Scott with an almost hungry stare. Scott was ignoring all of them as he found his place at the table with a bored expression on his face, automatically being paired off with the last student of the group, a tall Beta girl named Samantha Tonks.
His friend needed his comforting touch, but he needed it, too. He needed to feel Sherlock next to him so that he knew that he was safe right now, that he was okay. Nobody wasn’t there to hurt him anymore and John was there to protect him from nightmares or anything else disturbing his sleep. He would stay with him for as long as he slept and he wouldn’t let him out of his sight for just one minute, he vowed to himself.
Unsure whether Mycroft wanted him to stay John lingered at the door. He was anxious to stay near Sherlock. Mycroft didn’t seem to mind him. He sat down on the bed heavily and just looked at his sleeping brother.
Once again, there's medical stuff in here I googled (as well as legal stuff) Forgive me any inconsistencies :)
He stopped at once. Relief and joy flooded through him as he turned to see who had called after him although naturally, he already knew.
John stared at him and said nothing. Sherlock stared back and when he realized there would be no answer he muttered, “Apparently not” and continued to hack on the keyboard.
Sherlock moaned quietly as he pressed his lips against John’s and John wrapped his arms around him to pull him tight against his body.
Her eyes sparkled with fury. “And how would you know all that? There was no connection between that man and us.”
Sebastian’s face went red and he took a step forward, his right hand raised in a fist when Scott’s voice rang out from behind them, deep and clear.
He fell silent, breathless, his chest heaving with exertion and he sensed his rage cooling down again, leaving as quickly as it had come. He felt slightly light-headed as he told himself to calm down, to slow his breathing and that’s when he noticed Greg staring at him, appalled. Sherlock, in contrast, was looking at his hands in his lap, so he couldn’t see his eyes. What he could see though was the slight tremor in his shoulders.
One glance to the sofa showed a distressed Sherlock fumbling with his laptop on his lap. He was already in a videoconference with Greg who apparently was at the victim’s house, trying to find interesting things for Sherlock to look at.
He would give everything to know. Looking at himself now, he couldn’t imagine anyone ever wanting him. Right now, he looked like the ghost of a person he used to be: tired, worn out, weak. Apart from that, his face was just too angular, his cheekbones too high, his eyes too far apart and there was his heterochromia. From a scientific point of view, it was truly fascinating, but from an aesthetic one...no. This had to be annoying people. Also, his lips...they were plush, and then there was the cupid-bow shape that had always irritated him. They were the lips of a woman, which was why he always had to endure lingering looks or lewd remarks about them, from other students when he was younger to clients and criminals he encountered nowadays.
“Oh, you’re awake, dear, “she said nervously. She hesitated towards him as if she wanted to touch him but didn’t dare it. “Are you alright? How are you feeling, you poor thing?”
John and Mike stared at each other in disbelief. The professor’s arguments bordered on being ludicrous. How could a renowned professor of a highly established university like Durham talk such nonsense? It was highly unprofessional, to say the least.
“Thank you, John.” He turned and saw that Sherlock’s eyes, barely open, were focussed on him. “Thank you for everything. I owe you.”
His head lolled forward but she pushed it upwards with the gun in his mouth. His head lolled sideways then, he was barely conscious anymore.
“No, “Scott said and the sound of his deep baritone made something curl inside John - until he realized what he had just said.
He closed the distance between them and once again pressed his lips on Sherlock’s. Warmth bloomed within his chest when those flawless lips responded at once, opening up and inviting him in, giving him the sweet taste that was unique, and wonderful and so doubtlessly, beautifully
Also, I am so glad I finally had some time to finish this chapter because it's been much too long! Yay! 😊
Sherlock raised himself up from his position, managing to sway only a little as he got up from the sofa to stand in front of his brother and glared at him. He had to tilt his head back a little to be able to do so, as Mycroft was a few inches taller than him and he did so with his lips pressed into a thin tight line and his hands unconsciously clenched into fists at his side.
“Well, you know.” He made a vague gesture with his hands, indicating Sherlock’s body. “Holding you in your sleep. Carrying you to the bathroom. Getting into the shower with you.”
“No, they wanted to call me when the tests are done, “John replied, his tone already softer at Sherlock’s admission that he was tired. “They should be calling soon.”
When they finally arrived and put Sherlock on a stretcher with an oxygen mask over his face as a safety measure, at which Sherlock rolled his eyes once more, he was only allowed to ride with them because he was Sherlock’s doctor. He would have liked to hold Sherlock’s hand in the ambulance but didn’t of course. Instead, he was watching his friend’s face closely, observing if his condition was deteriorating in any way. He was worried alright, and he just wished they could drive a little faster to reach the hospital.
“What’s wrong with you?” he hissed, leaning forward again. “I’m trying to apologize to you, the decent thing would be at least to listen to me.”
That thought did calm him down a little. John knew he could trust Mycroft to take care of the situation, that controlling, fastidious man would never make the same mistake twice again, trusting personnel that couldn’t be trusted. Only his best men would be on the job now and probably Mycroft himself, additionally making sure that the men around him did the best job they could.
Sherlock opened his eyes again, or rather he tried to open his eyes again. But his eyelids were so heavy, it seemed he could not muster up the strength to do it. His entire body was a heavy weight he couldn’t possibly hold up and his mind screamed at him to just go to sleep, to rest. He was inclined to just give in, he was so incredibly exhausted. As if he hadn’t slept in weeks. He desperately needed rest. Just close his eyes for a bit.
He was over at Sherlock’s side on the couch in a second, clutching both his hands between his own without thinking. “Sherlock, what’s wrong? Are you okay? Are you hurting? Have I said something wrong? Please, just tell me!”
That’s why he was thankful for Mrs. Hudson, bustling about in their living room in order to provide them with a good old “cuppa” of tea and some of her homemade sandwiches. He was not, however, thankful for Sherlock repeating everything about the Baskerville case – again – to Mrs. Hudson in tiniest detail just so she wouldn’t miss anything about the “brilliance” he had once more proven, as he himself put it
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” He tried to speak normally, to not let the panic seep through. “Yes, yes, I know it’s very late, I’m sorry. Yes, I’m aware I’ve woken you up, I apologize….Could you do me a favour and go into our apartment and see if Sherlock’s there? Yes, it’s important!”
But then he realized that Scott must have had many bad experiences with people, probably because of his deduction skills offending them - people didn’t like their weaknesses to be exposed and in some ways, John could relate to that. He was only sorry that being mind-blowingly intelligent only seemed to give that poor kid trouble. He obviously had a brilliant mind, he just lacked some social skills to smooth his way over with people.
“Don’t you dare think like that. This is my fault. I was going too fast, I should be the one apologizing.”
The EEG made a whiny, annoying noise which made John’s ears ring and his own anxiety spiked up as he noticed the panicked look on Sherlock’s face. He had to do something. But before he could do anything, the door opened, and two nurses rushed in.
“Well brother mine. You look quite fit for someone who has been in intensive care for the past twelve hours. How are you?”
He wrinkled his nose in obvious disgust of himself at if it had been his own fault and John smiled inwardly to himself because it was a little cute. But he also felt his heart tugging at this unexpected confession from the usually so distant man. It was … nice to be reminded he was a human being with feelings and all that. He did truly care for John. He had discovered that some time ago, at the latest on that night at the swimming pool when Sherlock had been totally out of it with worry over John wearing that explosive winter coat, ripping it off of him in a panic. They had even joked about it, how it must look like to others if they had seen them like that. John smiled when he thought of that memory.
Suddenly, the image of a tall, blonde man appeared in his head. A tall, blonde man pouncing on him, touching him, kissing him….
“Oi. You two seem to be having much fun, “ Billy Dickson, the one next to Sherlock, piped up all of a sudden. He was sneering at them, his mouth hanging open, which gave them a good view of his rotten, broken teeth – a sight that John could have done without.
First, he got a glass and a bottle of freshwater out of the fridge, thankful not for the first time for Mycroft’s interfering ways. He got a package of ibuprofen out of his medical bag and the antibiotics, too. It wasn’t time yet for the next dose of medicine, but he knew he would need to administer it at some point in the night. He filled another small bowl with tepid water and got a clean cloth out of the bathroom cabinet.
“John….” The words were almost inaudible, and yet John knew perfectly what Sherlock was trying to say. His eyes darted to Sherlock’s perfect mouth and he licked his lips automatically, noticing Sherlock’s eyes register this nervously.
“I’ve got to admit, you’re the first Omega I’m meeting in person. How old are you, may I ask? Are you studying here on campus? What does your mate think about it? Are they not here?”
John bit his lip as he watched the rise and fall of Sherlock’s body, now facing away from him after tossing and turning for a while.
“Sherlock, “John called after him, unable to let his friend leave like this. “I’m sorry, please, I didn’t want to throw this on you like this, I’m sorry, I was too forward.”
Greg and Dimmock looked at each other with strange looks on their faces and it made John’s stomach churn in anxiety.
“It’s done, John. Nothing you could do about it. And I think you had a point there. He seemed awfully bitter. Strange for someone his age. Makes you wonder what he has experienced already.”
The light shone through the unveiled windows and cast an eerie shadow throughout their living room. The floor creaked under the soft, hesitant steps of his feet. He was desperate to avoid making any sounds in case Sherlock was unexpectedly asleep, so he tried to step even lighter.
As soon as he was done, another officer came and cleared away the dishes. He returned a minute later to hand John a couple of very soft blankets as well as two huge pillows.
He smirked at John, but John was not in the mood for jokes. Maybe it was true, maybe Sherlock was in trouble and he had waited fifteen long minutes to go check on him.
John quickly got up from the sofa too and grabbed Sherlock’s good left shoulder to make him look at him. “That’s not what I meant! Sherlock, you are not pathetic! You’re brave and strong and mind-blowingly intelligent, you are anything but pathetic!”
“Really? No super important government business going on, no secret meetings to organize, wars to prevent?” Sherlock tried not to sound too hopeful.
John became aware of a hand tapping his shoulder and he turned to see Sarah Sawyer standing behind him, smiling shyly.
“Of course, “John answered, and Mycroft smiled, this time thankfully and honestly. It made him seem unexpectedly … human and John felt a surge of sympathy for the other man. He too, like him, only wanted to take care of Sherlock because he cared for him, in his very own way. The emotionless older brother thing was just a façade, underneath it was concern and affection for Sherlock, John saw it clearly now.
Then the pale blue eyes hardened and he looked away. John felt as if he had been slapped in the face and he kept his eyes on the other student, hoping he would look at him again, chiding himself internally for how pathetic he was being. But the young man called Scott Williams didn’t look back at him. He kept his eyes on Professor Magnussen,  diligently taking notes as if nothing uncommon had ever happened.
“I’m sorry!” he shouted after him, raising his arm in helpless frustration. But Scott didn’t turn back again, increasing the distance between them as quickly as he could without actually running.
There had been an e-mail, yes, but it had been sent only two weeks ago. Did Magnussen truly expect his students to read this huge tome of a book in this short amount of time? Most of the students had been busy writing papers or had been still off abroad during the time. He himself had managed to more or less browse through the book, but only because he had died of boredom one day at home when Mary had been away at her aunt’s birthday party.
“Hmmmmm….endlessly horny and desperate, eh?” John asked with a raised brow. “I hope that isn’t what you really think of me, by the way. After you ruined all of my clothes on the night I intended to go to that dating mixer thing, I began to suspect. It wasn’t until after you got Lestrade to call me and sabotaged my date with Caitlyn that… well, that clinched it. One is a fluke, two is a coincidence, but three is a definite pattern. But I didn’t see the pattern and fully put it together until about a week or so after that. By that point, it was starting to sink in that I was in love with you and had been for a while, so I guess the fact that you were being a complete prick mattered less than it ordinarily would have in the grand scheme of things.”
He sighed as he looked over at his best friend, flat mate, and as of tonight—and maybe just for the night—lover. Sherlock’s eyes glowed an eerie green blue with silver flecks shifting in the irises as he stared steadily at John.
Sherlock quietly congratulated himself on that bit of quick thinking. John hadn’t mentioned the mixer until that morning, and to concoct a plan that looked like a weird accident with the supplies he happened to have on hand was genius, even if he did say so himself. Sherlock spent a contented evening reading some rubbish Harry Potter book to Rosie and watching crap telly with John.
John swallowed past the lump in his throat. “And not just that, either,” John sighed. “You’re self-destructive, Sherlock. You’re a complete tosser when you’re high…still brilliant but a complete tosser,” John reiterated. “Of course with you being a total arsehole most of the time anyway, it’s really hard to tell sometimes.”
“Sherlock,” Martha Hudson began slowly, breaking off as a particularly loud crash broke the sudden stillness.
John sighed, as he was forcefully reminded once again that his very literal lover was about as emotionally empathetic as a potato; off and on, he had lived with the mad genius for nearly three years. He should know well what he was getting himself into.
Sherlock and Anthea were still in Bangkok and would be there for several more days, at least, giving them enough time to complete all of the paperwork and give their statements at the embassy. Sherlock’s flight was scheduled to land at Heathrow on Monday evening at 7:41pm.
“You thought it meant what? I thought I was making it quite clear that I found her inane chatter tiresome and boring. Whatever led you to presume that I hadn’t had sexual relations with her?”
The woman gave her a tremulous smile before stepping into the foyer and saying, “No, no we haven’t. I’m Clara, John’s sister-in-law…well, former sister-in-law. I was in the back, near the door at the…,” she trailed off, biting her lip nervously.
“Something’s wrong, isn’t it?” John asked nervously, setting down his fork, sausage cold and untouched.
“I know,” John murmured, his voice breaking to reflect something breaking inside himself. Was it his heart? His conscience? John finally took his hands away from his eyes as the tears of helpless rage and grief spilled over. “My fault…all my fault.”
John chuckled softly; only Sherlock could muck up saying ‘you are important to me.’ “You’re lucky I speak fluent Sherlockian,” John joked with a wistful smile.
It was four days before Christmas, and John found himself shifting silently, albeit a bit awkwardly, from foot to foot as his colleague, Dr. Amanda Winston, ogled the tasteful, if still somewhat glitzy, display in the Tiffany’s shop window.
“Ideally, if I’m correct about the blood sample showing tainted heroin, I would like to see the charges dropped to aggravated assault. I would like to see your sister in a real addiction program with years of court ordered mandated therapy, perhaps living in a group home with constant monitoring. Prison time should be commensurate with the aggravated assault charge and some form of financial restitution should be ordered as well, to cover Ms. Burton’s damaged property, lost wages, and pain and suffering.”
Because “Mr. Smith” was allegedly on medication for an enlarged prostate, John had to do more palpation than would ordinarily be necessary in order to determine, as closely as possible, the exact size of the prostate and whether the hypothetical medication was effective. John assured his “patient,” who was emitting tiny little “aaaahhhh”s as John palpated, that some unusual sensations were perfectly normal but to let him know immediately if he felt any pain or if he needed John to stop.
John felt his ‘fond Sherlock’ smile twitch at the corners of his lips. “Not your fault. Not at all. It was emotion overload, I guess… everything that’s happened and everything that’s about to.” John finally managed to pull away and wipe his face, beginning the slow process of setting himself to rights and putting his mental armor, such as it was—tattered, frayed and looking a bit worse for wear—back into place.
“Let’s watch some telly, shall we?” he suggested and before Sherlock could answer, he switched the telly on to some daily telenovela. Sherlock sighed dramatically but his eyes were drawn to the screen nevertheless and John breathed a sigh of relief that his friend would be occupied until the doctor would turn up.
“He still attacked and abused you, Sherlock, even if he didn’t rape you!” John’s voice was trembling hard now, he just couldn’t understand Sherlock’s stubbornness. “Mycroft wants that rape kit done, we need that evidence so that your attacker can be convicted.”
Sherlock took John’s hand from his shoulder, his grip steady although John could feel his hands were still trembling. “Please, don’t John, “he whispered. “You don’t need to say those things just to make me feel better. And I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I’m tired, I can’t do this now.”
“I know you’re tired, “John said with a sigh as he stepped forward, “that must have been …. exhausting for you.”
John cursed himself inwardly and struggled against his restraints, forcing himself back into reality. He noticed Sherlock was looking at him curiously and he swallowed nervously, hoping that this one time, Sherlock would not be able to deduce him. He was something of a mind reader sometimes, but in this case, it would be extremely embarrassing if he found out.
He nodded so she got up from the bed and left the room, not without caressing Sherlock’s cheek tenderly before.
“Sherlock, “he started slowly, trying to assess Sherlock’s state of mind, “I’m glad you seem to be alright. Are you alright? You seem good, considering the circumstances.”
He looked at Sherlock again and was met with a piercing gaze of blue-green glimmering eyes. Almost indiscernibly, Sherlock tilted his head to the right, his eyes flicking downwards. For a moment, John had no idea what he wanted to tell him.
He checked Sherlock’s pulse and breathing approximately every thirty minutes. Both were fine, a little quick, but not too much. He checked his temperature every hour and noticed it rising slowly around two o'clock in the morning. He tried not to worry too much as he looked at the display which said 38.1. It didn’t have to automatically mean he had an infection, it was too early to tell for that. It could simply be his body’s reaction to the drug.
Living here on campus did not mean that the world had changed. It just was different people, different surroundings, but the same rules applied. Sherlock knew these rules and he was fine with them. He knew how to get around in this world. He knew how to get by.
John sighed impatiently. “I’m sorry, I really have to know. One of them’s my friend and it’s really important we find him.”
Panic flashed in those deep blue-green eyes and John quickly shook his head reassuringly. “Or not. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Come on, sit down. I’ll make the tea.”
“Are you alright?” he asked quietly as he tried to gauge the other man’s mood. He seemed alright, if not a little upset and vulnerable. Just a bit like he felt at this moment. He felt as if he was bursting on the inside, exultation and disbelief and shock battling for dominance within him and he was only barely managing to keep them bottled inside. Sherlock needed him to be calm now, so he forced himself to stay still, even though it took him all his willpower to accomplish it.
