Sam scrambled to sit up, and looked out of the window as he rubbed sleep from his eyes. “We’re here?” he asked, a little unsure as he squinted out the window.
Even though he had been there since the start of mankind, he didn’t have a reason to learn about it. Until Dean. Until he fell in love. Until he fell to the Earth, his wings burned and his grace lost. He still didn’t know anything about humanity, even if he had tried to learn in order to get closer to Dean. It hadn’t helped.
Dean chuckled, slipping his arms around Cas. “Missed you too, babe,” he said, kissing the tip of his nose. “Alright, now let me go, I need to sleep.”
The things on this list are ridiculous, he couldn’t help but think. The aforementioned true love’s kiss was first on the list, but the rest involved drinking the tear of a loved one (they hadn’t even specified who was supposed to drink whose tear), a blood pact that can only work for true loves, and the last sentence simply states “virgin sacrifice.” Dean couldn’t even be sure of whether or not that was a joke, because they had gotten desperate in the last couple of days. If the other options didn’t work out they probably wouldn’t hesitate to try out the last one, just for good measure.
“Please work,” he whispered, taking a deep breath, before gently pressing his bleeding hand against Cas’s. The silence was deafening and Dean closed his eyes in dread. He moved his mouth silently along with the prayers playing on repeat in his head, asking God to please save Cas, asking Cas to please come back, spooling the words forwards and backwards and putting them in a constant loop. He barely noticed how he had leaned his head on Cas’s shoulder, his breath coming in heavy waves to land on the other man’s neck nor how tightly he was gripping to the front of Cas’s shirt with his previously unoccupied hand.
But, alas, here he was, madly in love and he never wanted to change those feelings. Maybe he had always kind of liked dudes, he had learned that it was actually possible to swing both ways, but he had just always denied it. Now, the time had come for him to start acting on it, instead of ignoring it.
They hadn’t seen each other in years. As soon as Castiel had closed the door and turned around to face Dean, he was engulfed in a bone crushing hug.
Sam trudged down the stairs, already halfway through the library by the time Dean started to move down the stairs too. He suspected Sam would just shut himself in his room, and seeing as he had been sleeping all the way home, he would probably either start reading or begin research for a new case.
loved Cas either, but… The thoughts were running wild in Dean’s mind. He climbed into the Impala without a destination in mind and started driving. He couldn’t stop thinking about how every time he touched Cas’s shoulder a shock of electricity shot up his arm, how kindly Cas spoke to him and what his words meant. Maybe they weren’t like brothers were supposed to be, but they were still just friends, right? The more he thought back on his past with Cas, the more he realized that their relationship had changed over the years. He couldn’t convince himself that it hadn’t. He felt frustrated, but he couldn’t keep denying what had always lain under the surface of every shared glance or comforting touch.
“What?”
Shit. He had just
Cas mumbled something in his sleep, shuffling closer to Dean and fisting his hands in Dean’s shirt. Dean had really missed this.
Dean tried again. “You really think that about me? You really find my, uhm, my look, pleasing?”
After what felt like 10 minutes, Dean finally closed his eyes, and Sam looked over at him. A tear was trickling down his chin, and as he closed his eyes and let out a deep breath, Sam thought that maybe this wasn’t even something he was supposed to see, something he was even allowed to see.
“God, Cas, I’m so sorry. I should have stopped you from coming on this hunt with us, and then this wouldn’t have happened,” Dean said.
“I didn’t…” Dean’s voice was choked with emotions, and he cleared his throat to start over.
And two years later, you could still find Dean smiling when mentioning his husband or when Cas would smile at the waitresses noticing how their fingers were linked together, so that their rings clinked on the table. Dean knew everything about the love of his life, but he still wanted to learn more.
Dean knew everything about Castiel now. Castiel, the Angel turned human.
“You don’t mind that?” Castiel sounded out of breath, tentative as he searched Dean’s eyes for the answer he already knew in his heart.
He often wondered how Castiel felt about the bunker. Dean wanted Cas to think of it as his home too, but he wasn’t sure how welcome Castiel felt he was.
He had been pacing around his room for a while now. He had heard Sam leave the bunker, but he hadn’t heard a word from Cas since the kiss. He was honestly afraid to go out of his room, afraid that Cas had packed his bags and was gone by now, or afraid that Cas was just going to ignore him.
He didn’t notice how slow fingers curled around his in a loosened hold, how the neck he was so close to slowly warmed under his touch, until he heard the exhalation of a single word with so much meaning behind it that he knew so well by now.
“Hell yeah, we’re here!” Dean answered excitedly. He turned the engine off, killing the light and enveloping them in complete darkness. He knocked a fist against Sam’s chest, unable to hide his thrill. “I’ll get the door, you grab the bags, okay, Sammy?”
“Are you quite done, now? I’d like to be alone again, if it please you.”
Mary appears at Dean’s door.
“Me neither.”
to include.”
—Castiel stops imagining what it
“Dean,” Cas says, voice heavy with accusation and gravity.
The card Claire gives him on his fortieth birthday.
He is starting to hate fire.
“Cas!” Dean grins. “You’re not funny!”
And who will take care of Dean? Neither does he.
loves
Dean asks at last. Castiel’s lips twitch.
“Would I what?” Castiel asks, growing frustrated.
And when did you become so fucking petty? What the hell is up with you?! I’ve said I’m cool with it, I think I’ve proven it—what more do you want me to say?!”
“You, um,” Castiel fumbles, exceedingly uncomfortable, “you work in porn, don’t you, Gabriel?”
“Dad?” Claire calls, appearing at the door of the study, and Castiel is looking up and saying
“You’ve been
Which means—ah, fuck.
“—That you wouldn’t be taking advantage of me,” Castiel finishes. Dean looks up and sees that Angel’s eyes are smiling softly, a quiet triumph shimmering behind them.
“Not at all.”
“What, colder than the look you’re givin’ me, right now?” Dean raises his eyebrows. He’s infuriating. He’s perfect.
“John wasn’t like Jimmy,” Dean says again, “and I’m kind of jealous of you for it. Is that wrong?”
kids. What the hell?!” Dean raises his arms in exasperation. “And me implying that art is a way of changin’ shit, changin’ opinions—me saying to my students that their thoughts and words are powerful, that they
“You,” Dean tries, and Castiel makes his way toward Dean, feet kicking up at the white sand. Dean’s heart pricks with every footfall. “You didn’t know?”
“He’s stubborn, for sure,” Sam comments.
Lucifer hardly cared. Michael stuck out of the family like a cuckoo in the nest of another bird—he had their father’s pierce of blue eyes, flashes of the King’s colour in his silver and golden wings, but little else. Lucifer’s place in the family was obvious: he looked like his mother and father—
“And then I tag you.”
“You always were ridiculously smart,” Dean smiles. Charlie beams and blushes.
“It’s not me you should be apologising to,” Ellen says, pointedly glancing at Castiel, before her eyes flicker back over to Dean’s face.
anywhere.”
Of the loud buzz of conversation in their ears, of the Angels and Humans speaking to each other, of the dull clatter of silver cutlery on pewter plates, of the sound of goblets banging on thick wooden tables.
“This one,” Jimmy gestures with his thumb, in the opposite direction to the friendly house. Castiel follows the gesture and finds himself looking at something hulking and angry with grief against the black night and clouds silvery from weeping moonlight. It looks like it holds a secret and Castiel’s heart does something strange in his chest when he lays eyes upon it, it’s half a pang, half a break. This isn’t a happy house. This is a house which has seen hurt, held it, maybe even caused it. He shakes his head softly. This is a house which knows that it will see and hold still more hurt. Castiel can
Dean’s gut twists when he thinks of Castiel again.
“You’re quiet like Castiel,” she states.
about it, anymore.”
“Love is easy, in summer.”
“Perhaps Sir Alastair was attempting to keep our conversation light,” Hess answers through her tight lips. But Alastair doesn’t seem to see any need for anger.
“Water, thank you.” Castiel amends his joke to a serious request, still refusing to acknowledge Dean any more than he already has. Which is not at all, considering the fact that once upon a time, Dean knew all Cas’s fears and heartbreaks and Cas knew all of Dean’s wildest dreams and hopes. Now he’s acting like Dean isn’t even an acquaintance.“Or—tea?”
“I may be childish,” she admitted, “but there is nothing shameful in seeing beauty in the world. Deliberate cruelty, however, is not forgivable.” Her face hardened, “And if Henriksen were any kind of king proud of his people and their religion, he would know that hunting defenceless animals is a right that
Castiel raises his eyebrows at Dean.
“Yes,” Castiel answers, watching Dean for a moment. “It was fine. I’m a little burnt out, but…”
“Yep!” Sam calls back, pushing himself off Dean’s bed and following them out the door, bounding after them and making Dean’s lips twitch upwards in an affectionate smile, if only for a moment. They walk down one of the castle’s corridors, Sam running on ahead of them, bouncing excitedly as he does so.
“If you’re about to laugh—”
my best friend!”
“He wasn’t ready to fight in the Demon war—”
“So—I guess—well, I mean—we’re sort of fiancés, right?” Dean asks. “Or, like—promised to be fiancés…”
“About everythin’,” Dean answers, shaking his head resignedly. Cas presses his lips together.
“Uriel,” Michael says, fists clenched tight, “is a betrayer.”
Turning toward the sound, and the promise of battle, they see Benny at the door of his and Dean’s tent. Castiel looks away, heart ripping.
Castiel watches the tongues of fire tremble across his features and make the shadows on his face dance with one another.
now you—”
“How are you doing that?” Dean gags at the end of a tequila. “God, I think some got in my lungs, they’re on fire.”
“That isn’t how I want to do things.”
—with Dean—
Dean snorts bitterly.
“You’re still, genuinely, one of the funniest guys I know,” he says, earnestly. Cas rolls his eyes as Dean clambers into bed—heart not letting him down by beginning to race uncontrollably when he realises what he’s doing. “What’re you reading?” He asks, trying to distract himself.
“Cas,” Dean bends down to peer earnestly into Castiel’s eyes because Castiel has pressed his gaze pointedly to the floor to cover the embarrassment of crying. Castiel tries to look away. Dean takes a hold of Castiel’s hands. “Are you okay? Why are you crying?”
your trade, about plants and trees, how to read and write—and now you buy me a coat which
“That’s why he sent Lucifer. Either way, he believed he’d come out of it with a loyal son.”
“Oh, God,” he says, expression numb, jaw slack, eyes wide. “Oh God—”
“Right,” Castiel follows Dean into the bathroom. “Sorry.”
“Maybe…” Dean admits. “But I looked out for him, anyway…”
Second flight of stairs down. Three more left. Still seems like too many.
Castiel begins to laugh, sweetness swimming across the length of him.
to be; Castiel had found in him a peace and gentleness madly unexpected but sorely needed.
“Don’t worry about that. I’m watching out for you. I always have, haven’t I?”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
He sighs and turns toward the door, but stops, freezes, as it opens.
“What?”
“You’ve seen fire, too,” Alastair says, stepping close to him, and only now does Dean realise there’s a wild madness to his eyes, not rough and rowdy as the sea but hollowed and barren and hungry and not—not—human. As inhuman as it’s possible to be, as inhumane as fire. “You’ve seen it too,” And Dean tries to step back, but the arm of Alastair’s chair, pulled up to his desk, catches Dean’s leg, and he nearly falls backwards. He catches himself on the back of the chair, hand gripping tight, but Alastair doesn’t stop drawing near. The mad and cruel hunger is still in his gaze. “You’ve seen the flames, haven’t you?”
though it's more on struggling foster parents, hahahaha. remember when, last chapter, I was like, 'thought these guys were done having to confront trauma and grow and change and try and heal?' or whatever it was I said? well, they're STILL not done. because raising a kid is hard! and we carry our sorrows in all our walks of life, even the happy ones, even the adventures.
“He was prepared to die in a Demon war just to make sure he didn’t let his father down,” Ellen sighs, clearly troubled by her own words. “I hate to think what he’d do if he thought one of
Jack offers to help make dinner. Because Claire’s away Dean points out that they can make something with
Castiel worries at his lip.
Dean kisses Cas. This is hope in all of its glory, this is what hope is waiting for, this is the destination toward which it drives, ceaseless and unending, the golden thread Cas always talked about. How are you meant to measure the first steps of a long, weary journey? And what about the last? Some things can’t be quantified. He kisses Castiel because there’s nothing left to do—nothing except hug him, tight and fierce and unbelieving, which is what he does next—this is favourite scene yet, this is his favourite scene in the story of his life, he begins kissing up his best friend’s neck, he—
porn,” Balthazar nods, matter-of-fact, interrupting Castiel. “And like, the gayest of gay porn. Male orgies, boss and secretary scenes, daddy kinks, all sorts of fun. Not that that ought to change anything in our
“You’ve slept here before,” he points out. “In my bed, with me. And I loved you, then.”
“Yeah?”
“Not if you and Cas’s unresolved sexual tension wears on for any longer,” Sam fires back. “Then you’ll be the death of
Dean had waited, faltering restless nights, left his door ajar and hoped to hear it creaking open—but what came? No shale-rumble of voice, the ageless, ancient being made flesh and blood, words creaking out past pale lips from some great entity, vast vacuum containing unknowable masses, within. No
Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean nods, looking away, mouth still hanging open. He glances back to Castiel, who yet watches him.
Castiel nods, a small, sad smile twitching at his lips.
Anna apologises.
Burning love.
me,” he complains, with more vulnerability than he intended.
Dean’s cheeks have darkened in the lambent moonlight.
sprained from the fall and sharp twist it took. Great.
been hurt, by what he’s been taught, too! And he’s trying to be better!”
“Which is why I offered hand combat, too,” Dean grins. Castiel presses his lips together, face hot in spite of the cool breeze that swirls down through the arena, tongues of wind ruffling at his hair. “We can fight with no weapons at all, if you want.”
“Hello, Cas,” Dean grins as soon as he spots the Angel approaching. It warms something inside of Castiel to know that his presence has provoked such an unabashed, happy expression. Dean’s hair is mussed and a veil of sweat shines on his forehead, a couple of hairs cling down to it. “Thank you for today, you can leave us, now,” Dean smiles and nods to the battle-scarred man Castiel assumes to be his instructor, who bows to Dean and sheaths his sword.
Cas rolls his eyes, presses his palm to the back of Dean’s head, and softly pushes his gaze back down to the page.
Was this always meant, or rather not meant, to be?
Isaac, Ezra, and a little girl called Charlie. The name makes Dean’s eyes glassy as soon as he hears it. Maybe this is part of why he’s so determined to take the kids in.
“I know, Dean.”
She glanced down at the book Dean had handed to her and smiled knowingly at the sight. It was no surprise that Dean should want this story to be told to him; he never wanted any tale to stray outside its topic. Angels.
of things taught me not to get that drunk again, that night,” Dean frowns. “—Anyway. It turns out he’s known since then. He was just waiting for things on my end to calm down. And for me to be able to tell him, sober.”
Dean sighs and rises, wiping his hands on a rag.
“—Do you—do you know what you’re doing?” Dean winces, because this question makes either little or no sense whatsoever, and Cas seems to think so, too. The Angel looks up with a frown woven across his face as he regards Dean.
“Don’t oversell it, buddy, you probably weren’t walking
“It’s gonna be alright, Dean,” comes a steady, soft promise from the older man’s lips. Well. Dean certainly hopes so.
is an odd word to use, in this instance.”
Dean laughs, a bright bubble of laughter like a stream.
“—I don’t—” Dean stammers. “I guess—we aren’t doing the stuff we used to, you know? And—”
“No,” and this one is almost funny. Dean living—that was reward enough. It always would be. And love is with hope, always with hope, if it is to be a joyful love. But not of reward.
“It’s not all rage,” Dean finds himself saying, softly. The shepherd’s eyes change, look like the wind tossing gently at waves as he looks up at Dean. He seems suprised. Or…
“—Sorry—” he mumbles, his hand snapping back to his own body.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms.
So if you feel like—”
“She was a queen. She rebelled and fought the Romans after they killed her husband and daughters.”
Dean can talk. Faithless man whose religion is love. Faithless man who taught Castiel true belief. Faithless man, constant as the strewn birth of stars.
“Yes, through witchcraft, apparently!” Dean shouts, the magma burning in his blood again.
he repeats, shaking his head. “Ellen, you know Sammy can’t cook for shit.” Sam frowns at the assessment, but can’t exactly
“Stop lying!” Dean’s voice shreds at his throat like the rough and jagged edges of the mountains on bare skin. “I’ve seen! I’ve seen! I’ve seen the contents of your heart, and I’ve seen
“I was never informed,” the Angel replies, bowing his head slightly. He wears the crest of a golden phoenix across his tunic. What Kingdom does that mean he’s from? Dean wracks his brain, attempting to recall all that Castiel told him of the Angels and their customs and ways.
“Charity?” Dean asks, bemused.
Dean is going to be sick.
the past few months had been good—too good—and Dean should’ve taken it as a warning, but, idiot that he is, he didn’t. He’s let his guard down—and this is what happens.
He just
speaking in Enochian, now. His body is floating away, despite Cas’s grounding touches on his chest.
“Only twice,” Mary frowned, resisting the urge to frown, “and very briefly.”
Words spill from Dean’s lips—they don’t stop—more than making up for the conversation lost over Castiel’s stay so far; Dean is alone because nobody understands him, nobody wants him, he is afraid of his own father and he is afraid of losing him, he’s afraid of
“Ah, it’s no problem,” he grimaces, looking about him in the hall for any sign of Cas. “A pleasure, really…”
“When I grow up, I want to be an adventurer,” Dean says impressively. “Like, exploring caves and new worlds and maybe even going into space and fighting monsters. And a pirate. I wanna be a pirate, too. And a fireman, like my daddy—he’s a fireman. I wanna save people as well. Maybe you could write stories about the adventures I go on?”
He doesn’t trust the Angels like he used to—he scoffs at his younger self for being so childishly convinced of their righteousness, of their purity and wisdom and grace. His mother had explained that becoming an adult meant understanding that those you idolise are flawed, too. He understands this, at least. He understands whenever he walks in on the king, alone in his quarters or in the main hall, his face blotchy and red, crying because of the loss of his beloved wife, surrounded by empty bottles of sweetened wine; his speech slurred and bitter with regret.
The people of the Kingdom—the servants, the cooks and aids; the merchants and peasants in the surrounding towns of the city, all seem
“I’ve been cool with Charlie for what—three years now, right?” He asks. “Moment she came out. I was cool with it. No homophobic bullshit. No jokes about lesbians—in fact, when have you
Dean pulls back.
at you, since our fight. Stood in my kitchen, like the first time we met. The kitchen even smelt the same—those—those cookies you made, both times. The ones with nutmeg. I think of that moment, and I think of the missed moments—how I didn’t come to the treehouse, when you asked me. How I should have been there. How I should have
to have sex with you, Dean, but not enough to violate you, to pressure you, not enough to make you even
scared of something, maybe—maybe even scared of
“Only—they’re birds,” he reasons. “How could we think as they think?”
“I’m not saying I don’t miss her,” Dean’s father glares. He rubs his face with the palm of his hand. “—I wish you had both been as disenchanted with them as I always was. I was
“You still avoid eye contact when you feel things are getting too personal,” Castiel states with a laugh. Dean chuckles.
He was well aware that Sam didn’t cherish the bunker nearly as much, having had a lot of places to temporarily call home in his life, but to Dean, this was it. This was the place where he knew he would grow old and die, or at least he would like to be burned and buried out in the woods behind the bunker, seeing as hunters didn’t tend to live nearly as long as everybody else.
The first sentence read “true love’s kiss”.
“Huh,” Dean said. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the paper. He made a grunting sound and rose from the bed without looking up. He couldn’t stop staring down at the paper he was holding, stunned speechless and mind numb.
Dean couldn’t stop staring at Cas, amazed by the sudden change in him. He looked powerful, his eyes blazing fury, as he studied his outstretched palm between their bodies.
It almost felt surreal to him now, arriving at the bunker after having been away for a few days. They had been living on the road for so many years without ever having someplace to come home to that it had taken him a while to get used to it, but now he cherished it and even missed it when they were away. He missed his bed, he missed the coffee machine, he missed every little quirk and feature that the bunker had, because it was his home.
Castiel had fought off his spell with the rest of his grace, making him human. Now, even with the threat of the darkness waiting for them out there, Castiel had never felt as loved as he did now. It didn’t matter that maybe they could die tomorrow. What mattered was here and now.
He parked the car and nearly ran back into the bunker. God, he had missed this place. And Cas. Always Cas.
Castiel looked up and Dean finally got eye contact with him again. His eyes looked blue and tired, but was filled with an oddly sweet look of affection.
As soon as he realised his mistake, he pulled slowly away, staring at a gaping Cas, and before any of them could say anything, Dean ran to his door and shut it quickly behind him.
There was a moment where nothing happened. The disbelief was clear on Dean’s face, but he hadn’t dismissed Castiel’s words nor reciprocated them yet.
“How could I not? I may love humanity and how odd it is, but that’s not the reason why I am still here on Earth. I left my brethren for you, Dean.”
“Dean, you don’t…” Cas glanced quickly up into Dean’s eyes. His eyes were filled with hurt and looked almost hollow in the dim lighting from the trees. “I don’t think you would understand it.” He was pointedly not looking at Dean, instead choosing to focus on a point somewhere past him. Dean didn’t know it was possible, but he felt a chill go through his bones, despite the fact that he was a little hot.
He would get to say hello to his friend, even if that meant he had to wait for a little while. It might have always been Dean’s job to protect Sam, but Sam had made it his job a long time ago to make sure that Dean was happy, and if that meant his own heart clenching in his chest as he waited for his best friend to notice him too, then that was alright with him.
A few minutes went by. Sam just stood on the other side of the car, staring at them, waiting for his brain to realize that this was actually real.
There was a pause where Castiel let his words soak in, as he stared back at the dumbfounded man in front of him.
“Goddammit, Castiel, just try.”
Rather than sex, they, and Dean had needed a lot of time to get used to this, made love. They took care of each other and Cas was so earnest and caring that Dean was sure he could never love another.
Not even the ongoing rain outside of the car could dwell the happiness that they all felt right there in that moment.
Dean wasn’t looking him in the eyes, but looking at everything else. Only when Cas quietly let out “Dean” did green eyes meet his.
Castiel seemed just a little uncomfortable.
Dean took a deep breath and tried to focus on the tumult of feelings stirring inside of him. It clicked, suddenly. Something felt like it was moving inside of him, and it was filled with a burning want to be connected once again to the light sphere in Castiel’s hand. It was so blatantly obvious now that Dean wondered how he had not realized this before. The longing he felt for Castiel had always been a part of him.
Before he reached the highway he had to pull the car over. Dean took a moment to breathe while he leaned his head on the steering wheel in front of him. At that point he realized that he never finished reading the rest of the note Sam gave him.
Dean had just been sitting quietly, drinking his beer, and so Castiel had gone up to talk to him. When Dean had made no move to talk, Castiel drew out the now-vacant seat next to him and sat down.
“Yes. Yes, please.”
“You really mean that, don’t you?” he asked, voice rising in what could only be hope.
. Fuck.
“You are my root, Dean. My grace rests like a seed inside of you, and ever since we first met our tree has been growing and growing, up until a point where I can no longer bear it alone. My grace solidifies our bond with each other, and though I can feel you longing for me when I am not here, I sometimes fear that it’s only because of my existing grace inside of you.”
“Castiel,” he sighed. The look on his face was one of determination, as he stepped forward and closed the space of what little room there had been left between them. Instead of putting a hand on his shoulder as he tended to, Dean put a hand on either side of Castiel’s face, framing it and holding it in place, so there would be no more breaking eye contact.
Castiel patted him pathetically on the hand he had splayed out on the bar disk in front of him. Sam was still sat in a booth in a far corner of the bar, and both he and Castiel had been witnesses to Dean blatantly flirting with a girl and then her looking grumpily at him and stomping her feet as she walked away.
“You are my root, Dean.”
Jack walked directly over to the table and sat down with his back to Dean, immediately opening up one of their computers. Dean was suddenly a little worried, as Sam was still standing halfway into the room, looking at him uncertainly.
It had taken them a while to finally step away from one another, but they didn’t stop holding hands until they were standing right in front of the motel room. By an unspoken agreement they let go of each other when Dean took ahold of the doorknob and stepped over the threshold. His smile hadn’t lessened since Cas had uttered his name earlier and the rest of his family could see that something had happened as soon as they saw him enter the room, simply from the way his face was lighting up.
“Your grace inside of me is just an excuse for me wanting to be close to you. I’ll help you, okay? You are a part of me, as much as I am a part of you.” He watched cautiously for any sign that Cas didn’t like what he was saying, but when nothing happened, he said, “You’re moving in and that’s final, Cas.”
“I willingly gave a part of my grace to you, Dean, so that I could make you whole again. That’s a decision I will never regret. When I said we share a more profound bond, this is what I meant. I care for you unlike any other human, Dean.” He looked back down at the ball of light, unable to meet Dean’s eyes. “You are the core of my existence, what grounds me here on Earth. I feel like I belong somewhere, when I am with you.”
He had felt attracted to his own sex over the years, and he knew that being on the road could mean that he could just try it, and then, if he didn’t like it, he could just stop thinking about this weird urge he had.
Sam didn’t know what he was supposed to say, so he just smiled, hoping that it didn’t look sad, but tried to convey how happy he was that Cas was back.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Cas,” he answered.
. It wasn’t romantic… was it?
Dean was already annoyed with Sam over the words he didn’t say out loud, and couldn’t help but roll his eyes at his brother.
Instead Dean looked out at the road again. He hadn’t said anything else for the duration of the phone call, and without answering the person on the other end or answering Sam, he hung up, put the phone back down between them, tightened his grip on the steering wheel and stepped on the gas.
He didn’t mind though. Humanity had always been kind of a mystery to him, even though he really longed to know about it. He was intrigued, if you could really say it that way.
, their best friend, their brother, who they thought they would never see again, was alive and standing right in front of them. He couldn’t believe it.
He didn’t think he had ever been this tired before.
Castiel suddenly looked fragile, as he slowly let the light fade away into his palm. When there was no answer from Dean, Castiel continued talking. He needed Dean to understand, because he couldn’t live knowing there was a rift of misunderstandings between them.
The apartment across from Dean had been empty for a few months now, and even though he had been looking forward to somebody new to move in, this wasn’t what he had anticipated.
“I mean it,” Cas shakes his head, rising from his chair. “Come on,” he says, picking up his car keys. “I’m driving you to the station.”
“Jesus! Both of you!” Mary exclaims. She looks hurt and furious and disappointed, which is probably the worst combination Dean could think of, at least on his mother’s face. “Dean, you’re visiting the Novaks. No room for bargaining. You
“This is a
“It’s just, you look so good in that suit, Cassie,” Meg teases. “We’re just enjoying the show.”
“Yeah, I guess it kind of was. And I was round at his place, and he took out—it hadn’t been published, yet—the poetry collection he wrote. He uh—”
The man is silent a moment at the doorway, before apparently hardening his resolve enough to actually step inside the room. Dean flicks his eyes up to meet the knight’s gaze, again.
“Then what do you think is wrong with him? What makes you think there
possibly
“Let’s hope, then, you don’t need it,” the shepherd assents. He takes down a pot from a shelf and pulls out some small leaves, resembling spinach, but with light stringy fibres running through them. He picks up the kettle and pours a little of its water onto a cloth. Sitting back down, checks the temperature of the water from the kettle, then rinses Dean’s hand with it. It’s hot, but not yet too hot, and once he has done this, the shepherd mops softly at the wound with the cloth until it is clear of the mud and larger pieces of slate. He rises again, returns the kettle to heat over the fire, and picks up a few of the leaves, chewing on them.
“My heart is in you,” he repeats. Cas’s lips curl softly, but his eyes are still steady and serious and sincere.
“It’s the boy’s own fault he has the mark on him. I’d rather he were over in Demon territory with it, than over here.”
Sure enough, it’s an unknown number, and Castiel doesn’t have Ellen’s.
I can also promise that one of the angst-ridden couple will confess his undying love in chapter 38, and the other in 39. No spoilers, lol, but it won't be simple.
Dean, more himself than ever, then how could Castiel do anything but love him all the more?
come to his funeral, to shiva—they’re not exactly the traditional bereaved, are they? But they felt, and I expect
cruddy, thank you, Eddie.” Dean softens. “Anyway, before then, yeah, you really can email me whenever. For advice, for an update, for music recommendations, whatever,” he smiles. “I know it’s not exactly Instagram, but it does the trick, and you get used to people not being able to like your messages.”
And hold on—why’s Sammy acting this way. Does he—does he
“—You bailed out and, what? Went camping? I prayed to you, Cas! Every night!”
The first time Castiel sees Dean is at the signing of the Ketubah, the marriage contract. Only those closest to them are present for this. Dean looks more handsome than ever, suited up, reminding Castiel of when they were at prom and snuck out to drink together. Reminding Castiel, curiously, of the day of Jimmy Novak’s funeral and the fleeting glance Castiel cast back at his old best friend, a glance which wrenched up his insides like they were delicate as cotton, wrenched up his insides with what Castiel wanted to believe, at the time, was pure anger, frustration, resentment, no forgiveness, indifference. He hadn’t wanted them to wrench up with love.
Dean’s throat closes up, eyes stinging.
Dean asks.
“Ever since I was a baby,” Dean grins.
frame thrum with a glowing warmth. By the end of the day, the cold has set into Dean’s bones, and Cas does well commenting only once that they’d be a lot more stiff than they are now were it not for the nettle tea, this morning.
He turns to Benny.
What kind of bullshit?
Instead he concentrates on the cold, stone halls of his home, because it’s less frustrating than watching the smirk curl at Ellen’s face.
“I told you!” Charlie laughs, head tipping back. “Now, get that down you, and then
He groans out another sob.
“You,” Castiel replies, words soft. Dean pauses, taken aback. They face one another, legs on and off the couch, limbs curling, only a few inches away from one another: a few inches closer, and they’d practically be on each other’s laps. Castiel is finding it harder to see a reason why they
“A dog?”
And not turning Castiel away, like he’d always feared.
Why is Dean like this?
Cas climbs into bed, the side of the window. There is little over the space of one body left to his side.
Dean flushes and turns back to the table.
“Sorry, little Prince, I didn’t intend to give you a fright.”
against the cold, against his cheek. Cas’s fingers brush upwards, Dean’s skin singing at the contact, until Cas’s hand cups his face, soft, so soft. Dean is almost too afraid to lean into it, to break the perfect singing stillness of this moment.
Dean beams, pushing Cas back so that the shepherd is sitting on his bed. Dean straddles him. “Mo anam cara,” he says, over and over again, littering his face with kisses.
I didn’t do it in the hope of—I don’t know, reward, compensation? Seeing you healthy, seeing you
“You can’t save everyone, Dean,” Castiel reminds, his voice breaking off in his throat. Dean falters for just a moment, only turning his head marginally over his shoulder to mutter a bitter;
But Michael knew with an answer like fire and a deathdrum, within him.
Dean repeats, glaring.
“Uh—hi, Anna—”
“Because of you?” Castiel raises his eyebrows, concerned and very much alarmed.
seem pretty plausible.”
to him…”
“What?”
“A bunch of cows,” Castiel confirms.
Cas threads a hand through Dean’s hair and kisses him in answer. This must be what ascension feels like.
remind Dean, remarkably, of the shepherd’s voice.
talk about.”
“I listened to it—”
“If this is how you treat your friends, I’d hate to be your enemy—”
Dean’s heart is in his throat. He trembles, a familiar pang of fear shivering over him, disgusted, terrified.
Now that’s a familiar song.
“What?”
of them.
“A little,” Castiel nods, breathless.
“I know,” Dean replies. “Cas has said.”
“The King, Michael, and myself, have reached a conclusion upon our agreements,” he announces to the hall. Castiel’s heart drops suddenly. Dean’s fork clatters onto the table with a cold metallic ring.
glad to see you, Cas,” Ellen smiles gently. She pats Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel hadn’t realised that he and Ellen were on such informal terms.
“Are you saying—”
“Maybe soon we can have a sleepover?” Dean asks as they sit on his living room floor after dinner, playing with his toy dinosaurs. Gabriel smirks down at the pair from where he sits on an armchair, and Castiel frowns back at him, unsure of what it is his brother finds so amusing.
“I came back,” Dean states, uselessly.
Michael exclaims, banging his palm flat on the table with enough force that the entire room shakes. Thunder sounds outside, murky and unpromising, the skies turn quickly grey, in the way water will turn blue when a drop of ink falls into it. The Hall turns deathly silent and suddenly Gabriel and Anna look no longer angry and frustrated, but terrified
“None at all?” Cai tipped his head back and chuckled, the sound warm with friendship. “But, sweet lady, you have not met the young king yet! What measure could you have of his character, to cast him aside so quickly?”
Castiel stays put. He watches the house. The house watches him.
Even Cas laughs.
“And what lies beyond your mountains?”
“Too kind,” Cas replies. Dean sets his jaw. The shepherd notices the expression. “What, Mr Winchester, are you afraid we’ll beat you?”
want to leave his own home for Dean?
Dean wouldn’t be much surprised if soon people soon started regarding him with disgust.
“Where?”
you want this—”
“I’m afraid I don’t know. I’m a servant,” she reminds, “and not the one to ask—you should probably check with your father, or one of his advisers. Bobby is most likely to know, and tell you.”
“Heading to town, with Mr Singer, tomorrow,” the shepherd finishes for him. “I know.”
“I never said I thought that,” Benny shakes his head, speaking quietly.
being the optimal word, and Dean doesn’t think he’ll be able to stand it when he is forced to close the gates to those who come flooding onto the streets in search of shelter, food and warmth.
“And he
“Oh, no—it wouldn’t be an inconvenience. That’d be fine,” Dean smiles, his heart hammering almost painfully against his ribcage. “—That’d be great, in fact—” Dean cuts himself off. Holy shit, he acts like such a clown around this Angel.
“I’m gonna call her case worker today,” Castiel rubs his forehead, “and just say it’s more than we can handle—”
May you go safely, my darling]
“What’s that like?”
A pocketful of poems for his father, and another, soon, for Dean. It seems right: the two men who he has loved, who—his heart trips—have loved him best, in this life. One half of it is done, Jimmy’s. Now, he realises, the truly difficult task is set: he cannot publish a poetry collection for Dean without any forewarning: he’d be outing Dean, for whom sexuality has been a constant sorrow and struggle. He’d also be ambushing Dean with his own feelings—how would
He sits down opposite his old friend, who laughs.
Dean stares at Castiel, who stares at the dark, ruddy wood of the table. Cas doesn’t look back up at him, so Dean turns back out to the musicians, who sing in a language unknown to him.
The moment is still and soft and quiet.
He remembers the golden fields just beyond the city walls. How he had walked through them, trailed his fingers over the long stems of grain the day he was to meet the Angels. The sun making them a sea of amber, the dried softened husks beneath his fingertips, had anchored his feet to the earth when he’d wanted to fly away with fear. He loved the fields. He loved the forest. He’s lost everything else.
‘A good home’—What does that mean? And how hard could it possibly be to obtain?
“I know,” Cas answers, “and I feel no shame for it.”
“Well, thank you. Now she’s settled, what about bed?”
“And here I was, thinking you were emotionally adjusted…”
Castiel tries to be comforted by this. He turns and stares out of his window again.
“For what?” He asks.
Castiel is silent. Then he asks,
Castiel Novak!”
The childhood abuse and trauma tag applies to the range of around 2 to 4/5ths of chapter. It includes threat of physical violence and actual physical violence. It's in the form of a kind of traumatised flashback.
Cas took a step forward, just as Sam took a step backwards.
“Oh. Yes, Dean,” Cas said with a sad smile. “But it wasn’t random. I’m sorry. Maybe I should have talked to you before. I didn’t know you would look this… good.” He sighed.
Sam felt excluded, but also knew that this moment wasn’t something he should intrude on. Dean and Cas had always had a special bond, and even if Sam loved Cas too, it wasn’t in the same way that Dean loved Cas, and he knew that. He had always known that, it just wasn’t until now that it really dawned on his just how different their relationships were.
“Well, why didn't you sleep when I told you to?” Dean asked, taking one of Cas’ hands in his own, loving how close he could be to him after Cas had been sick in bed for three days, sleeping and grumbling every time Dean came in to place some soup next to him.
When Dean had kissed him in his bedroom that night, a few days after he had been cured of the mark, it felt like everything was finally as it should be.
(finally)
The only interruption was a knock at the door.
Once there he took a moment to really look at Castiel. Though they might have left most of their feelings unsaid, the looks they shared spoke volumes instead. There had always been an understanding between them that their relationship couldn’t be compared to that of a mundane pair of adult men.
“It’s really good to see you,” Dean said. He couldn’t stop smiling and his cheeks really hurt from it. “It’s been like 10 years. What’re you doing back now?”
Dean hated being sick, and Cas knew that, which was why it had taken him three days to ask for Dean to cuddle with him.
It didn’t take more than 20 minutes before Dean was driving down a little road, the excitement very obvious on his face, and then he pulled to a stop. Out of the windshield Sam could see the blue light from a phone booth sign vaguely lighting up the figure standing beside it. The figure, the clothes and the hair looked like Cas.
If it wasn’t more than a ten hours drive, he always chose to drive directly back to the bunker instead of staying a night in a crappy motel room. He was too old for this now. Even Sam and Cas had moved on from hunting. They were alright with Dean still doing it though, as long as it was small hunts, like ghosts, and not too far way. It was all Dean had ever known his whole life and he still liked doing it.
“Yeah, alright. I’ll see you soon,” and hangs up.
“How do you want it to end?” Dean asks. His voice has gone quiet. He peers intently at Castiel, who doesn’t think he’s ever seen so much
Isaac chuckles and shakes his head. Gabriel dutifully pipes down.
This is Cas. This is Castiel. This is
“Raphael has surrendered himself to the judges,” the messenger states. “With a plea to have his punishment for conspiracy lessened with his sharing information—”
“Yes,” he agrees, wiping the sweat from his brow carefully with the back of his forearm—he’s covered in—well, he doesn’t want to think about it. Birth
Minutes pass with the drift of the snow. All they do is stare and still, Dean’s breath refuses to even out within his lungs.
“I—” The words stumble out his mouth. “Of course—I mean—I thought you needed to pack—”
Castiel drives. The streets are gray with sleet, his heart flutters in nervous, piercing motions inside his chest. The streetlights have turned on, orbs of light beneath a dimming sky dimmed more still by the sustained press of water from above. Castiel squints at the road, at the sidewalks, as droplets after droplets chase each other in disjointed, eerily human motions down the pains of his windshield.
Is he sad? Why is he sad?
Castiel groans.
His hand finds his best friend’s hair. He closes his eyes and listens to the sound of Cas’s breathing. It melds softly with the sound of the waves.
“Angels pity Humans,” he says, shortly. Dean doesn’t seem satisfied; although he at least does not look aggravated by Castiel’s answer—perhaps a little curious as to why. Castiel thinks for a matter of seconds, pursing his lips and breathing out through his nose.
“I would shoulder it with you,” Dean says, earnestly, “if you’d let me. Whatever you’d let me, I would carry.”
“You should stay—” Castiel protests, shaking his head and pulling away slightly, but only to his wrists, because Dean holds on. “You should stay with your girlfriend—I can make my own way—”
“They say sarcasm is the lowest form of wit,” Novak comments, seriously, standing up and picking up the dirtied cloth and dropping it into a bucket, then picking up the leftover fungus and slicing it finely. Dean frowns. The man is repeating Dean’s own words, over their first dinner together, back to him.
“What are you doing?” Castiel asks, flickering with confusion as Jo walks away.
Dean almost
But the shepherd peers at him, all ancient intensity, and takes a step forward, stormy and precise gaze still set upon Dean like a promise. He takes the coat from Dean’s arms.
“About me caring about whether I have the approval of children.”
left behind university for even smaller things. Death—death is to heartache what a tsunami is to a glass of water.
“If I asked you another time, I’m sure you’d say I’ve done little in my life to make me worthy of such a thing.”
The look Dean’s wearing is so enchanting it could probably make
he thinks.
“I never was a child.”
“I don’t think they’re actually stars.”
The bemused reply:
“Sure, honey,” she nods. Castiel doesn’t mention the informality of Ellen’s language, because if he is honest, he quite likes it.
“Well, I’ll come back and visit,” Sam laughs, “and it’s only two years, max. And anyway, I thought you’d be
Anna repeats.
“He wants to make the King proud.”
The music they had been listening to when they arrived starts up, and Dean reddens in the light flooding onto the lawn from Lisa’s house.
“Miss—Kline,” he blinks.
“Yes, why
“Just… y’know, the night we got together, was in a house party. And here we are again, at a house party… and we’re graduating, and…” She peers earnestly at Dean. Her voice changes in her next question, part of it sounds as if it has come from the mouth of an infant who already knows the answer and is afraid of it. But the words sounded out are given so much more gravity by the frightened, solemn childishness. “Do you think we’ll stay together after this summer?”
“To think, he lies motionless beneath us…” Michael shakes his head, ignoring Castiel, pawing at the ground he kneels upon with first his fingertips, then his knuckles, driving them into the soaked earth. “Body no longer animated, heart no longer beating—”
“They’re basically food,” Dean frowns. “You can’t get drunk on food.”
“Hello, Dean.”
But spinning and dancing with Dean—this is his favourite part. Amid the seas and tides of people, whipping and turning about, an ocean of people who love and have loved them, deep and unquestioning and through the storms of life, an ocean to mirror the ocean which separated them, for nine years… Amid the seas and tides of people, dancing and dancing with Dean, the love of his life, who gave up everything for Castiel, who would do so a thousand times over, who believed he had done so
“Mr Novak makes a lot of balms?” she asks.
“You’re not a junkie…”
Dean. And it was Dean who failed, failed his brother, failed his mom.
Castiel swallows, nodding, and steels himself.
“No,” Ellen rolls her eyes, “of course not.”
“Yes,” Dean sighs, guessing he’s not getting out of this conversation
The next of the Angels to greet him is apparently called Inias. He is also a servant, and has matt brown, almost black, wings and a pair of very intense, yet kind dark eyes that glitter in their sockets.
“Why are you here?” Dean tries to stop himself from trembling. It’s to little or no avail.
“Uh-huh?” Dean asks, in a sweeping breath.
“Is that so?” He asks.
Something so very much like home it could make Castiel feel giddy with sugared nostalgia.
“To your right is a room fitted with table and chairs—for meals where you wish to dine alone, or if you find yourself in need of examining papers and the like. The King said he doubted there were to be many treaties drawn up, these few days, though…” She trails off and turns to Dean. “Do
beat you in a fight.”
Castiel bends and places the collection in Dean’s hands, holding them, holding the collection. Dean doesn’t even look down at it, just stares at Castiel.
Gabriel continued to frown.
“You see it as a story?” He asks, voice quiet. Castiel smirks.
birthday as your password, either. That’s like, just as obvious.”
Several people visually seep with disappointment.
Ellen comes in again about half an hour later, and seems a little surprised that Dean is up and dressed—particularly so nicely.
mature. I’m playing football: by High School, I’m gonna be captain of the team—you’ll see—We’re out here, camping on our own—I know
He wants to feel excited and honoured and all of that regular bullshit—but right now he just feels afraid. Dean doesn’t think he wants to do this anymore and he doesn’t know if he
Castiel smiles down at Dean, at the way his eyelashes flutter slowly as his eyes slide shut.
One day, Dean comes home after an afternoon spent helping out Ellen in the Roadhouse, and finds Claire bubbling with joy as she holds up a ruddy-gold puppy to Dean in greeting. Cas stands leaning against the staircase, looking sheepish.
Michael, who has looked away and out of his own window during the lull in conversation, now looks back over to his brother.
“Take a wild guess.”
father could
“I wasn’t talking about the mountains,” Dean shakes his head.
and you’d believe what he has to say?”
In all the wide and wandering world, there isn’t a word for what Dean’s feeling.
to me!—”
Castiel mouths the syllable of his name blindly for a moment.
Dean smiles.
And each time Dean fights, a little more of him is lost. Castiel watches it, the very pulse of a curse, a riptide dragging him down, out, away. Away from Castiel crying out, left at the shore.
Dean staggers out. “I was applying for
Dean’s insides feel poisoned.
Smoke rises as a pillar toward the tree-muffled sky overhead, it stretches in tendrils down low and drifts like ribbons around them.
He and Dean have ventured no further than this: kissing and maybe using their mouths to pleasure the other, or hands—but nothing more, though Dean has hinted that he should like to go further, do more,
“Um, no,” Castiel frowns at the accusation and the injustice, “I’m
just found out about it—”
Dean growls.
Castiel rocks back.
“I used to wear a
The day before Castiel leaves Kansas, the day before he flies to the UK and begins a new life there, trying his best to forget all about Dean and the hurts he committed against Castiel, Jimmy’s footsteps sound on the floor just outside his room.
Dean laughs.
“To thank him for looking after my big brother, you dummy,” Sam answers in a goofy voice that nearly makes Dean swat at him.
“Yeah, and we also know he was abused by the guy—why does he trust
“I haven’t,” Dean shakes his head. “I swear. They just—they look a little different, now.”
“Whatever you’re most comfortable with.”
he thinks… I don’t know any of it! We’re strangers, now, and nobody can seem to accept that!”
“And why would I lie?” Castiel asks. “Why would I lie about this? How could I? I see your soul, Dean,” Castiel says, and his heart breaks, “and I cannot love you any less. In fact,” he has to look away, into the flicker of the fire, “it makes me love you more. You are all things beautiful. Still.”
Castiel is more than just surprised that it is
because of this war. Through no fault of our own. Or have you forgotten the plague set upon us by
again?
your throat, not up it—”
He doubts he’ll ever know. Dean is refusing to talk to him. He sighs and enters his room. His chest aches.
Raindrops mingle with Dean’s freckles.
“What if I pass out? I’m human, now, I’ve been travelling for over a day, I haven’t
patronise
“I didn’t say
and if the rumours are true, of how he treats people—imagine how he’d treat
days.
Uriel continued. Jael took a steadying breath.
Castiel actually
And when the little boy opened his eyes, to reveal the brightest, holiest blue Anna had ever seen, she knew that the baby had inherited all his mother’s kindness; knew that nothing impure could enter his heart—and if it tried, Anna would not let it. Her heart did not just grow soft at the sight of the boy, now it grew loving—a real and fierce love Anna had not felt before.
Dean swallows and looks up at her.
“She even put lavender in my bath, my first day here.”
I hope you all enjoy it! Thanks to everyone who's been commenting, you're the best! (and it really means a lot)
They pull apart, breathless, and yes, Castiel has been crying, too, and Dean’s mouth flutters into a smile, and he stares, gapes, he can’t believe it. He can’t believe Castiel wrote a
“Hey,” Dean bolts towards him, now, and is by his side in an instant, helping him up. “Shit, Cas, I’m so sorry—”
“She feels removed by so many steps. I miss her, but I know that what I’m missing is the stories I told myself about her, the stories of our memories. It’s all incomplete. Gabriel and Michael know what they’re missing. When they think of her, it’s as a person. When I think of her, it’s as a figure. It’s dangerously close to an archetype. I guess I’m sad that that’s how I think of her, sad that I’m missing out on memories, and sad that I could forget so many. And angry that I could forget in the first place. I don’t like what that says about me. I don’t like that it’s in me, to forget so much stuff about her. I still miss—still need—the tenderness and warmth that she provided. I know I’ve missed it, missed out on it, my whole life. Estranged. That’s what it is. That’s what it is, to lose a parent—a mother—when you’re so young. To live the rest of your life estranged from yourself.”
Dean knows all about undying things. Love is one of them.
To welcome the new workers, they clear out one of the barns and carry in a barrel of cider and glasses. Mick, Cas, and a lady new to the Eyrie, Jody, play music for them all—Cas playing a violin found in the attic of the farmhouse—and easy as the tide, they all begin to dance. It’s been a while since Dean has had a call to do so, and he can’t complain: Jo takes his hands and spins him fast, and violently, and as his head is giddy with some elderberry wine he and Cas shared—brewed specially by the shepherd, just before the dancing—his head gets only giddier.
He remembers his father whispering it to him late at night, a warm smile on his face as he sat on Dean’s bed, Dean staring up at the King from where he lay, thinking about how much he wanted to be
Dean’s head hurts. He lifts his head higher and gapes up at the black above their heads.
“No,” he agrees.
“’Course, see, I needed a spot of money to make it out of there. So I stole from her. Not a lot,” he looks at Dean, sheepish, and Dean wants to remind him that he’s seen Mick steal items of great value, very recently, and
he shuddered these words out like a prayer. “You have held my heart from the first, do you not remember? Be not inconstant to this life, be not inconstant to
He can hardly move. His body stings and aches and throbs and hisses.
“What did you—”
get up the guts to have a proper conversation with her!” He side-steps her and enters the house, Charlie huffing at him.
“A stranger
and keep the monsters away. And more than anything, he wants that person to be Castiel.
“And what, that makes up for lost time?” Dean asks with a frown. “And for all the shit I pulled?”
“Which brings an end to their first visit—to be the first of many—in several centuries. Tonight is the last great feast we will hold with the Angels in our company, as they will be leaving the morn of tomorrow. As always, they will be welcome guests to our kingdom and we are both honoured to have hosted them these past weeks, and deeply grateful to them for aiding us in our conflict against the Demons.”
“Dean, I really don’t follow—”
fit into all of this.”
“I know.”
Dean tries to reply, but finds that his throat is dry and has constricted to something so tiny not even the slightest sound can escape it. As it is, even breath is coming and going with difficulty. So all he can do is nod at his once-best friend’s words.
“Lonely,” Dean repeats, looking sad. “Why did you hide it?”
“And then—when my father asked for help from you, none came! Even though you had
Anna chortles, seating herself at the table once more. Castiel snorts and sits himself next to her.
“Yes, that sounds good. I could go on the adventures with you, too?” He asks, hopeful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“—I—I
you.”
“Alright,” Dean sighs, prickling under the shepherd’s gaze. “How d’you wanna do this?”
Prince Dean of Hera will resent him.
Gabriel shrugs, looking unconcerned. It flares still more frustration inside of Castiel.
Dean falters. He stares at Castiel, sat in the driver’s seat.
He gets up and makes his way back to his bed, sitting just in front of the note, and staring down at it. From where he sits, he can make out traces of the characters and letters Dean has scrawled out in even more of an untidy hand than usual.
“What have I to offer?” Dean says, in answer. “What is it that I have to offer someone who loves me?”
“You’re quite strange, Mr Winchester—you know that?”
“Fine,” Dean grates out. “We’re both orphans.”
“Cas—” he frowns, but Castiel only repeats his answer.
Castiel laughs sadly. His brows slope. His mood dips into a velvet and hopeless gray. He thinks of all the angels in heaven, the pulsing of light from the fragments of his own form, the worried look he set in each of his siblings’ countenances: a strange beast he was, a strange beast he would forever remain—strange and unintentionally unruly, unable to control the refractory grace resounding off the cracked walls of frame. Is there a word for an involuntary rebel?
“I mean marry us to each other,” Dean rolls his eyes. “And
his voice breaks off with tears.
“God, I’m glad you’re okay, Sammy,” He just about manages to sigh out. Sam looks back at him, worried. Dean scrubs at his eyes.
“I don’t wish to appear rude…”
“I couldn’t tell the truth,” Dean rasps. “I fucked up, you all hated me,” Dean shakes his head, hopeless.
“On my life.”
But then, what reason has Castiel given Dean to want him here?
“Since the moment we met, Dean!” Castiel scowls. “Ever since—”
The song ends, Castiel catches himself and breathes again. The room, everything from the people to the glasses on their tables, seem to be suspended in perfect stillness. Then the clapping begins. Dean flushes, smiling, nodding in thanks, and tugs the mic down.
“I can see that,” Dean nearly sobs this out, and tries, furiously, to blink away the stinging in his eyes, thinking of the last time they saw each other, and how, then, both of them were crying.
other birds in.”
“Well, I mean, you
Novak shakes his head and sits down.
Silence for a couple of moments, just the sound of wheels on tarmac.
you waiting for?”
“I never knew you were one to buy into such things, Cai,” Mary retorted, returning the familiar smile.
“Promise?”
And however much Jael did not fear death, knowing that beyond it—no matter how prolonged or painful death was made, Abra waited to welcome each of her children back into her arms—they
“You too,” he shudders out, heart in his throat.
“If you guys want some privacy to talk, my room is free,” Lisa suggests. Castiel glances over at her. Dean doesn’t look at any of them, he sits down heavily and begins to play with Lisa’s hand. His expression is so distant that it could be lightyears away.
“If it’s a dream for you, then I must be dreaming, too,” he takes Dean’s mouth in his own, gently. Dean’s breath snags in his lungs like ribbon on thorns. Castiel steps back a moment to turn the shower on. It falls like the rain outside from the giant disk overhead—it’s
“Ay, but the problem there is, I have no desire to kiss women,” Cas answers. Dean doesn’t laugh.
“Not after everything,” Dean shakes his head. “Not now.” Castiel swallows around something sharp. Dean lets out a breath which must equal an unbinding. “You said, just now, you wanted to grow old with me…”
if it’s alongside those things—because just as much as your creativity is of benefit to the world, it’s of benefit to you, too. I think I’d be dead if I weren’t writing. That’s not a joke. So, my inspiring message isn’t really very inspiring, it doesn’t tell of the triumph of the human spirit because I hardly feel that my spirit triumphed: if anything, I got to where I am today because of the love and support of the people around me, and the love that I feel sitting alone in my room hammering words into a laptop keyboard at three in the morning.” Another laugh. “Measure your prosperity by the hearts you’ve touched, the love you feel, the improvements you’ve made. Because life is
“Everything,” Dean looks up, from their tangled fingers, back to Cas’s features, his eyes, those eyes that have always pierced his very soul. Or perhaps not. Not if Cas had no idea, no idea that Dean—
“It’s not a compliment, if that’s what you were wondering,” the Angel smirks slightly. “After my—
Sort of.
“Fine. I think a four year old
“Was I out of turn?”
“In that case,” Castiel hums, “I’ll call you all of them, in the company of others. And these might be a candle for us to light our love in the dark.”
“Pfft,” Dean dismisses, waving a hand. “This isn’t a busy road. And You can drive up towards the farms. There won’t be any trouble.”
“You’re unbelievable…” He murmurs.
haunts
“I do,” Cas hums, “I just have no problem admitting it. You can’t admit that you only like the greatest hits of mullet-rock.”
Michael had spoken to warriors who rode, and were, it was said, so fearsome in combat that none could stand against them. He desired nothing more than to do much the same, to move like the wind astride a horse that knew him so well their motions were identical in heart and mind and execution.
“They can also be really unfair to kids who aren’t trying to be bad. Is that how you feel?”
“’We’?” Castiel repeats incredulously.
“Such a filthy nonconformist.”
Of clothes!”
“Dean,” Castiel holds out a steadying hand as Dean attempts to rise again, once more losing balance and nearly falling over, “slow down—”
“You going?” Jo asks. Dean shakes his head.
“I can’t imagine you as reckless,” Dean states, truthfully. “You’re the most steadfast thing I know.” He means it from the very soil of his soul.
“They’re not happy,” he shakes his head. “I know it sounds stupid, but I can tell. I can
“I’m fine,” Castiel repeats, shaking his head. He blinks confusedly in the cool night air. “I… fell?”
“What makes you say that?”
What a joy that would be! Of sitting on top of another living creature, a big, breathing, living thing that one could build a kind of friendship with, and walk, run, jump with it, so that it was like flitting through the air in the same way an arrow is released from its quiver.
“Yeah,” she says seriously. “Get drunk with me to make up for it.”
their jaw clenched.
Dean squirms, drawing back, uncertain.
“That’s politics, Dean,” Castiel laughs.
beating past up for Dean. Dean hadn’t understood what he meant, then. Blinkered vision, again. But he does now.
Yes, love—he feels it more clearly now than he ever has before, now he knows what to name it and what form it should take on his tongue, knows it because he knows Dean’s scars in small, merging maps and his smile and the crease of his lips, knows his laugh and when it is at its most sincere, knows the lines around his eyes and the soft brown of his eyelashes. His fingertips, the veins on his hands, how Dean’s voice chokes him, soothes him, softens him, fills him. Dean: Castiel’s beloved. Dearly beloved.
When Dean looks up at Ellen again she doesn’t say anything. She isn’t wearing an amused or teasing smile, surprisingly, and is instead looking at Dean with steady, soft eyes, encouraging him to continue.
coping, and he cuts himself off. “Anyway,” He presses his lips grimly together. “Sorry.”
“The first time, I said that I had very much enjoyed meeting you, today,” Castiel explains, and Dean has to swallow hard and blink, before regaining his composure.
May you go safely, my darling]
“People feel sad,” Dean points out, “that’s unavoidable.”
“Guess I’m lucky to have the two of you to run back home to,” Claire grins, and shoulders Castiel lightly.
did nobody tell Dean about this? He’s the one running the farm now, pretty much. Didn’t anyone think
“Cared
Sam’s head slips into his hands.
And she leaves.
“You don’t need to be modest.”
so ridiculous, after all, Dean thinks—and then laughs to himself. He’s up, dressed in his Sunday best, and waking Sammy up with a good mood that surprises even himself, to say nothing of his brother.
Chapter 3! Thank you to all those who have been commenting so far, it's been really encouraging - I was feeling really apprehensive abut the reception of this and whether or not you would actually think it was any good. Building whole universes, however fun it is, isn't easy by any means, and takes a lot of effort, so I hope it's been convincing thus far.
,” Bobby’s voice is unusually harsh, and it cuts through Dean’s words and makes the King jump in surprise. “Either you stop talking this damn nonsense, or I
“It’s always been my destiny to serve you,” Michael answers. His voice wavers. Dean wills him to keep up the performance, at least until him and Sam can—
“Stop it!”
“Oh!” He exclaims.
She had instead thrown another rock at his head.
he’s watched human cultures practice for millennia and no, standing with their foreheads pressed together swaying slowly doesn’t nearly resemble what people have always seemed to consider the most impressive iterations of the form.
they called after the other Angel.
It’s a question.
Dean’s question is answered. He spends the first half of his day clearing and mending after the silo accident. He was so relieved to have the necessity of work laid out for him, ensuring
Dean replies, voice goofy with sarcasm.
“Oh.” Silence. “You—you really don’t need to be—”
“Yes, and it’s exhausting.”
“I’m sorry—”
“You—you were robbed of so much, you’d suffered so much,” Dean stammers out. “It wasn’t your fault, Cas, that you were left—left—”
They drive back in the dark.
“Sarcasm duly noted,” Gabriel smirks. “But for what it’s worth, it was very much appreciated—by me at least. They say I have a fairly warped sense of humour.”
“Why are they bad?” Jack asks. Dean grins and shakes his head.
Castiel is given a surer sense of belonging than he’d ever thought possible, or himself worthy of—it’s hard to doubt your place when a precocious four year old shouts at you to stay absolutely still, that you’re moving your arm as she tries to colour in the honeycomb patterns inked onto your wrist. Iit’s hard to doubt your place when angry boys are soothed by your suggestions to do some digging outside, grow something good from their sorrows, plant deep and build well; it’s hard to doubt your place when these boys slip into a sense of belonging, too, and a belonging, in part, because of you. It’s hard to doubt your place when your oldest daughter comes home and seems swept with relief and joy that you’re right where she left you, as she tugs her girlfriend up the steps of the porch and asks, with all the presumption in the world, what’s for dinner.
“Won,” Jack answers. “And I’m—well,” he frowns down at his hands, which rest neatly in his lap, “whatever Chuck was? I’m that, now. Me and Amara.”
“I do, as well,” Dean nods. “The old man is
What is most thrilling about this thought, is that now it comes bright with promise, not just with hope.
Everything has turned into grace.
“Our youngest is best friends with the young Chambers girl,” Mr Penryn provides. “In fact, she’s out playing with her, now.”
“Dean,” Castiel laughs, and Dean can feel it rumbling in Cas’s chest; he presses himself closer against Cas’s body and doesn’t even stop himself closing his eyes and drinking up the feeling of Castiel’s body against his own.
“I’m not joking,” Bobby shakes his head. He seems more present than he did before. He huffs as he scales the stares, leaning hard on Dean for support as he does. His words are punctuated by the effort to climb up and are uneven with every footfall. “When you first arrived here, and insisted on doing a full day’s work, even though there was no call to. I never asked. You just did it. What, you thought you had to earn your keep? Prove yourself? What was it?” He asks. Dean swallows. There’s a knife at his throat.
“Claire, keep complaining, and see how keen I am to teach you how to drive. Go on.”
“Uh,” He winces, rubbing his jaw, then frowns. “I remember crying in your car… Why was that?”
Castiel cocks his heads, quizzically. Dean smiles at the gesture.
“That’s right. So we had to come up with a plan B. That wasn’t too hard, though. Your golden boy wasn’t what you thought he was. Maybe he learnt a thing or two from Cas.”
“In what?”
this. Fashioned something beautiful out of the weaponised life laid out for him, crafted something kind from the harsh bite of fate which God himself had written, but which Castiel rejected without thinking, and which Dean rejected without conceit.
“You think so?” Dean asks, with a smile in Mara’s direction. She nods emphatically.
Dean glances at Bobby, wondering what he makes of all of this, but his eyes are glazed over and unfocused and he barely seems to hear Alastair’s speech. Dean’s gut twists sharply.
“Thanks, Cas. Goodnight.”
“I know there’s less and less cases,” Dean sighs, “but as long as monsters are out there, killing people, I’m gonna be out there,
“What you just said. Why’re you gonna spend more time in Kansas?”
“Storm’s comin’,” He states, looking uneasy. Castiel stops and smiles.
Michael replies.
“That a promise?”
“Well, whatever. Don’t even say that, it’s a shitty excuse. They didn’t help and they should have,” Dean sniffs, looking out of his windows instead of at his brother. “And when I was younger, I used to think like you—I used to think that they must have had their reasons, that they must have an excuse for all of this. But they don’t. There isn’t an excuse big enough to make up for how they fucked us over. I don’t want to give them the benefit of the doubt, Sammy, because to be honest, there’s no sane way that I
“Meg—”
Well, actually, shit.
Dean can barely breathe.
“I know,” Dean replies, and squeezes tight. He pulls away, leading Castiel down the stairs, holding onto Castiel’s hand—the Castiel’s head is spinning at the touch even if his heart is raw with, of all things, a strange sense of betrayal at Samandriel and everything that has just passed between them.
he disagrees. The shepherd shrugs again, saying nothing, and turns to the fire, with a thick cloth in hand to pull off the pot and place it on the table. The fish, which has been smoking just above the flames, is also taken down and placed upon one of his clay plates.
“Gabriel left the house!”
Dean all-out stares at Castiel.
“Just…” She tries, breathing in such a way that it could almost be steeling herself for something, “…how things work out…”
“I want to be well,” Sam says, and the tears are out of his eyes and onto his cheeks. “I want to be well…”
“I don’t believe that—”
“Absolutely sure,” Dean’s mom nods, beaming widely.
“What?” Mary asks, raising her eyebrows in shock at Dean’s venom.
He asks, looking back up at his brother, who raises his eyebrows, questioningly.
The problem is, Cas has broken this resolve inside of Dean, broke it the moment he and Dean first met, as he broke Dean’s resolve to hate Angels, two years earlier.
“I learnt it in my youth,” Castiel answers, not looking at him. His features are set. “My misspent youth. My travels.”
“Probably,” he answers. Dean sighs.
“If it isn’t an imposition,” Cas answers.
Cas is silent. Swallowing is hard.
“Oh.”
leave?
“I should have
“Oh?”
his dad do, if he was in this position?
“They absolutely did,” Cas chuckles, reaching out to ruffle his niece’s hair. Mara’s eyes crease up and her nose wrinkles.
Bright-faced as dawn, invest God’s chamber.
A word, a gesture, would be enough.
spend together. I’m sorry for those lost years, in-between… but only because of what they did to you, did to us. I’m sorry for how I thought of you during that time—”
Castiel stops short, heart hammering, heat rushing through him. Dean just said his name.
“Jo and Ellen say hi,” Jack smiles to Dean. “So does Bobby. And Rufus, and—you guys know a lot of dead people,” he sighs, shaking his head.
“Dean,” He taps the other man’s cheeks to gain his attention, “Dean, are you awake? You can’t fall asleep, okay? You—you might’ve hit your head, with the fall, which means you might be—”
But an explanation to Lisa is so long overdue. He can’t in good conscience deprive her of it.
More evenings pass without the shepherd.
“Not forever,” Sam says, softly. “He’s here now, and waiting for you.”
Claire did
“The Kinks and Velvet Underground are on this mixtape too,” he states. “Take that as a peace offering.”
anything?” He grumbles, and turns to rummage in one of his drawers, tossing Castiel a bundle of battered, warm clothing. “Pyjamas,” he says, in answer to Cas’s raised eyebrows. “And you—you probably want a shower? I—”
Castiel stares.
“In no particular order?” Dean jokes, but Bobby doesn’t seem to hear it.
Dean finally opens his eyes to look at the Angel.
“I did not
“You say that because
“I’ll wear whatever the fuck I like—”
“Well, we were kids when we met, so I don’t remember—”
It’s been almost a year since he saw Cas last. Dean wonders if the Angel’s affections for him have waned He wouldn’t be surprised if they had, even if the warm, bright burning in Dean’s heart has only grown in strength—and with that, grown in pain—since he and Cas last saw each other.
Dean insists on inspecting and exploring him, after this. Walking along each of his arms as though they are the ridges of hills, running his hand along the great quills of his feathers, hopping from hand to hand as fast as Castiel can reach them out to catch him. They don’t sleep, even though Castiel’s many eyes start drooping, even though Dean flushes and apologises when he notices Castiel’s lion-head yawning, and says he’ll only be a few more minutes, before a few more minutes turns into a few more hours, and a few more hours into dawn.
The patience, the lessons, the meals, the coat.
“Yeah,” Dean confirms, voice rough with wonder. I—Cas, I was—I was headed there, now.”
“You served as a knight while my father was alive?” Dean asks, looking up at the man again. Benny nods.
giddily at the shepherd’s obvious gratefulness and joy and affection for Dean—for Dean!—but he fails miserably.
Dean is silent for a moment, staggered.
“I might have,” the shepherd shrugs easily. He watches Dean swirl his hands easily about in the water.
Ellen beams.
“It wasn’t idiocy!” Dean protests. “It was an accident!” The shepherd glances back at him, eyes a blue and blazing fire, “I…” The gaze, not for the first time, steals the words from his mouth. It only serves to make Dean angrier—it usually does. He hates that something about the shepherd forces him to…
“You will be missed,” the King said, tenderly. Michael’s throat tightened. He nodded, tearing his gaze away from his father. The Queen made a sour noise. “You will be sorely missed,” the King said, firmer this time, as if in response to her bitterness.
TW on this chapter for drug use and overdose.
Gabriel pointed out, but their mother ignored him. She addressed Michael.
But he did, and he did, and he did.
“Thanks, Dean, but I’m gonna need you to help out, though. Can you walk?”
“Yeah.”
“I remember, you kept tipping your head onto my shoulder,” Cas replies. “It gave me immeasurable joy.”
“You ought to let somebody else have a go at that,” he states. Castiel frowns.
“—A few miles hence,” Ellen continues with a frown, watching Dean warily, “to aid with the birth of a tenant of Alastair’s.”
feather
“Maybe we should’ve seen it coming,” Dean concedes. “I guess we figured you just felt more secure about your place in the family than you do.”
If only Cas thought so.
Castiel nods.
“It was important?” Dean inquires.
“No,” Dean admits.
else, the skin he longed for—and now he can graze his hands and mouth over it, over all of it, he
“I did know that, yes. I also know that your father fell in love with her as a young prince visiting our Kingdom.”
“The King rides with them?” Mary asked, surprised.
“Why is that?” Castiel asks, his voice dropping from a murmur to a whisper.
“You can’t mean that.”
“Not if I can help it,” Dean growls.
“Yeah,” he nods. “But—but is there something wrong with teaching?” He glances back to Bela. “What’s wrong with it?”
He looks more of a man than Castiel thinks he has ever seen him. He has grown, still more, although not in the proportions of his younger brother. He fills out his robes—his jaw is more defined, his brow heavier, and Castiel thinks he can see the ghost of stubble lining Dean’s chin and jawline.
“We could—we could take a shower,” Dean suggests, reddening, “to, um—to clean up—you know, from the stream—it’s probably—it’s probably not very clean—and anyway, it’d warm us up, too—”
“We never really spoke about her.”
“To a pub?” Dean asks.
Dean.
“Of course, Grá mo choi.”
“What are you doing here?” he asks. Dean blinks.
Once the kitchen and dining room have been tidied, Novak turns to Dean.
“I can’t lose you again.”
“’M’fine,” Dean rolls over, feeling sick. Benny snorts above him.
“Uh, I was four when we met. A four year old can’t be a good person.”
Castiel shrugs, lips pressed together to stem his own tears, and leaves.
Castiel glowers up at his older brother. Michael exhales again and kneels in front of Castiel, on the cool white stone of the palace floor, his eyes level with his younger brother’s.
the same colour as the blue on his wings; perhaps lighter; and Dean feels as though he’s just been pushed off a cliff and is about to tumble, headfirst, into the ocean with a crash of sharp waves as he breaks into the water. The Angel has dark, messy, raven hair—the same colour as Archangel Michael’s—and
“You think so?” He asks, looking up, too. “I’m not so sure.”
The bathroom is almost opaque for steam. Cas pulls out two towels and hands Dean one, but begins drying Dean’s chest himself. Dean’s eyes drift closed.
He’s hallucinated before. He’s been here before. He’s seen Cas’s face in crowds in the centres of towns, seen flashes of his eyes in strangers on the street, seen the curve of his wrists in the gestures of the person at the checkout in the fucking
“Yes,” Dean nods. “Everyone.”
Silence all around him, save for a cold wind whistling mournfully through mountaintops, and the quiet, subdued sobs of Chay’s only daughter, Anna, who had loved Ahava almost as dearly as the High King himself.
“Dean,” Cas said.
His body had unwillingly wrapped around Cas, pulling him in for a tight hug, both of them still breathing shakily in the silent room. When Dean took in a sharp breath as Cas squeezed his hand reassuringly, as if to say “Yes, this is real, I’m right here in your arms and I’m not going anywhere”, Cas used his powers to heal their wounded hands. The light streamed out from between their fingers, a strange pattern dancing on the walls for just a second, leaving their hands unscathed.
“Dean. I do find you very aesthetically pleasing, just so you know. Don’t worry about rejection, because there will be others.”
Dean turned on the lights as he went to look out over the war table. He could hear Sam coming up behind him, and turned around to greet his brother.
When he turned human, he had started writing a novel, and ever since he had met Dean Winchester he had kept a journal on him in his inner pocket, so that he could note down important and new things he noticed about Dean.
He had just kissed
Dean ran a hand down his face. He was so tired. Driving for this long just wasn’t the same as it used to be. Of course, now he had something to come home to after a long hunt.
“Who was that, Dean?” Sam tried again.
They had been caught in a backup on the highway, so it had taken a little longer to get home than Dean would have liked. Dark had fallen a few hours ago, so it was clear to see that Sam was a little dazed, since he fell asleep when it was still light outside.
The tears were still falling down Dean’s cheeks, but the giant smile he had plastered on his face overshadowed the fact that he had been sad just a minute ago. Right now all he could feel was the relief and happiness of actually being able to look into Cas’s eyes once again.
A raindrop fell on Sam’s hand. He slowly went over to them, the sound of his footsteps attracting their attention, and Dean finally let his hands fall to his sides, but didn’t remove his gaze from the other man.
He and Sam had been together nonstop for about a week now, so he understood if Sam needed a little space to breathe, but Dean hadn’t even made it into his room yet and he was itching to do something. He entertained the idea of calling Cas for just a second, before he changed his mind. The angel was often busy doing some important angel business and Dean didn’t want to disturb him, as he was almost sure he would.
They loved each other and there was no one Dean would rather spend the rest of his life with, so why he was surprised when Castiel turned around to look at him one morning they had chosen to spend in bed, and asked Dean to marry him, was anyone’s guess. That morning would be their first and last time making love together as fiancées, and only two months later, when they had the ceremony, the elegant outfits and the guestlist all worked out, did they get married and tried out how good the bed was in the honeymoon suite they were currently staying in.
Not much time went by before Sam declared that he was going to sleep and Jack decided to turn on the tv at a reasonable volume. Dean had nothing to complain about, seeing as he had just gotten the love of his life back — the newest and best revelation he had ever had — except for the fact that said love was having a staring contest with the floor, not daring to look up at Dean just yet. The tension in the air was palpable as Dean turned around with Cas’s name on his tongue.
“Cas, you d-” Dean began, but was interrupted when Castiel took a step forward, leaving all traces of personal space behind him.
For once it was Dean who said I love you first, and for the rest of the evening, peppering a laughing Castiel in small kisses.
Dean practically pulled Cas with him to their bedroom, Cas nearly falling asleep on his shoulder. In a few day, Cas would be better. Not grumpy, like-to-cuddle-under-seven-blankets Cas, because damn, Dean hadn’t even been sweating that much in Hell.
Dean moved to get out of the car first, and Sam followed only a split second later. The car doors shutting rung out very loudly, way too loud for the silence of the street, but not loud enough to drown out the blood rushing in their heads.
“Sounds good,” Cas said, turning his head to keep kissing Dean’s neck, not removing his hands nor mouth as they moved together through the bunker to Dean’s bedroom.
He had Cas.
“Yeah, Dean, really great.”
So Cas researched, Dean killed the monsters, and Sam talked to people to get information or to help them get through the loss they had suffered.
Cas and Jack were having a quiet conversation, all the while Sam was shooting Dean knowing looks from across the room. The meaning behind the looks were coming across quite clear as he glanced back and forth between Dean and Cas, waggled his eyebrows at them and grinned out loud when Dean had to avert his eyes. Not that Dean was blushing. It was just… it was just really hot in here, okay, and this thing between him and Cas wasn’t even a thing yet. Sam could be a little bit more subtle and stop embarrassing Dean right from the get-go.
The two brothers had managed on their own, though they had considered calling Castiel when they realized it would take a few days longer to figure out who was behind the murders in town. Dean missed the angel, but knew that it wouldn’t be necessary for Cas to make the long trip, when they would be going home soon anyway.
A moment of silence passed between them. The tension in the air was almost tangible.
Castiel was giving Dean a strange look and it made him look almost small, as he stood there under the towering trees in an oversized trenchcoat, despite the fact that he was an angel of the Lord and had existed since the creation of the Earth.
Cas and Dean had always had a special bond, a different kind of connection than Sam and Cas had, and different than the way it felt for Sam and Dean to be brothers, but it wasn’t like
His Dean Winchester.
He didn’t think it would be possible for him to ever feel this way about someone, especially when that someone was a dude.
Castiel just looked confused at him, unsure as to what he was asking about.
He smiled gently at Dean and moved aside so that they didn’t touch while passing each other in the doorway.
Cas is upset and takes a walk.
No one moved as Castiel turned around. The moment his eyes met Dean’s it felt like there was a rip in time. Sam could feel the tension of the moment hanging heavy in the air. He couldn’t believe it. There was absolutely no doubt. This was Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here,” Cas said.
There had been an endless number of ways for him to finally come out and say it, and yet, he found that he had probably chosen the worst of them all. He had just kissed Cas.
Dean was beginning to doubt himself and his feelings even more than he used to, as he re-read that one sentence over and over again.
He took a few steps forward until he was standing right in front of Dean, a little too close as only they tended to do.
Dean had been walking for what felt like ten minutes before he saw a figure beginning to take form in front of him.
The only sounds around them was the occasional car driving by on the busier road further away from them. No one moved. No one said anything.
“Explain it to me, please.” Dean was starting to feel impatient. “Cas. What’s wrong?”
Thank you so much for reading! I of course appreciate kudos and comments, and please check out the DCRB
The Winchester brothers had also gotten him an old typewriter, which he really liked to use, except for the fact that it was very noisy, and he therefore didn’t like to use it in the evening, when Sam went to bed early, or the mornings when Dean slept in.
Dean suddenly exploded in a fit of rage, his outburst unexpected and loud. “You’re wrong,” he was yelling, and “It’s not as simple as that, Sammy,” he accused.
“Dean,” the man said, simply just staring at him. There was a moment of surprise in his eyes, but it didn’t last long before it disappeared. “I wasn’t expecting you. Gabriel will be over soon, but do you want to come inside?”
Now Castiel was really smiling. His eyes were twinkling and his teeth were showing.
Castiel had never really understood humanity. He had never really had a reason to. Until Dean Winchester happened.
He couldn’t say it. But he could feel it. In every bone of his body, it was tickling. So instead he lifted his hand off the bar and took a hold of Castiel’s warm palm.
Turning the tv off, Dean turned his head towards his brother and almost barked out his words. “What, Sam?”
He hugged Cas, and with a hand to his shoulder told him, “we’re glad you’re here” because it was the truth.
When Sam and Jack got back to the motel room Dean barely glanced up at them, too enthralled in the tv show he was currently watching. Sam was looking at Dean like he had somehow sprouted two heads, even though they saw each other less than two hours ago. Sam brought back a coffee for Dean, who was thankful but also reminded that he hadn’t eaten anything in a while.
Dean still didn’t speak for another few minutes. It looked like he was having trouble saying anything. At last he looked over at Sam, and Sam could see that his eyes were wet, and what looked like a small smile was playing on the corner of his mouth.
, goddammit.”
They had been arguing in the hallway about Cas wanting to go on a hunt that he deemed harmless enough to go on alone, but there was no way Dean was going to let him go. Cas had been pouting and he looked so cross, that Dean simply forgot about the argument for a moment and just leaned over and kissed him.
, as he took his guns down off of the wall so he could start to clean them. This was going to be a long night.
Sam had begun snoring not long after his head hit the pillow and when Cas laughed softly at him it gave Dean the perfect opportunity to examine him closely. He seemed fine, not a scratch on him and no puncture wounds in his neck. It looked like the djinn hadn’t had time to get to him. The relief flooded Dean and settled in his bones. He felt saturated, full of love and knew that he now had fulfilled his quota of hunting for the rest of his goddamn life.
But when Dean turned to head back to his room, he found Cas leaning against the doorway, looking woefully at him.
Dean had been driving all night and day, while Sam had slept soundly beside him. He was exhausted, but as soon as the Impala rolled down the road toward the bunker it felt like his energy was fully restored. He was home.
He didn’t think his brother would mind, but still, he didn’t feel like it would be the right kind of way to tell his brother that he was bisexual.
When Cas got into bed he fell asleep immediately. Dean had to first strip him down and then cover him up in a lot of blankets.
“You’re more than just family, Dean.” In the small pause that ensued, it was clear for Cas to hear how Dean’s breath hitched in his throat.
Cas was looking at him so earnestly, that the words Dean felt rising in his throat was being choked down again.
“How’s your beer?” he asked cautiously, trying to strike up conversation. But then Dean turned around to face him, intent eyes and tight lips, clutching his beer in both hands.
“You okay, babe?” he urged, locking eyes with Cas.
It was dark in Cas’ room when Dean passed by. He was pretty sure Sam was home with his girlfriend, and Cas was a light sleeper, so Dean tried to make as little noise as possible when he went to the kitchen to get some food.
Dean knew that Cas woke up early, refusing to come out of bed until he was presented with a warm mug of black coffee, and that he loved to watch Dean cook, but wasn’t good in a kitchen himself. After a long hunt he was all for cuddling and whispered secrets between the sheets, but when they had the bunker all to themselves and nothing to do, he liked to see old movies and listen to Dean’s commentary and laughing at dumb jokes. He wasn’t much for sex, but didn’t mind it when Dean expressed the want.
Nothing special happened, but suddenly Dean felt so much more safe, so much more happy. Cas was looking at him like that and as they smiled softly to each other, Dean knew this was it. He didn’t need anybody else.
Dean looked at him, unblinking and trying to wield his words to sound firm. “There is nothing I would change about us or our bond, okay? I’ll be right here, by your side, to watch our bond grow stronger every day, Cas.”
“Sam,” he said, his voice gruff from being unused. He couldn’t stop the big smile from spreading across his face, and he looked over at his brother in the passenger seat, who was still snoring lightly.
“We are linked forever, Dean, you and I, and I care enough for you to let you go if this is not something you want.”
Their initial shock of being caught in each other’s arms were evident on both of their faces, but it wore off as quickly as it had appeared. Without thinking about it Cas interlocked their fingers while bringing his hands down from his sides. When he had been turned back from stone the shadow of his wings had also disappeared and Dean needed to blink a few times to fully comprehend the now-normal, human-looking, very much alive Castiel standing right in front of him, holding his hand.
Dean was exhausted after a long and tiring day, but when he caught the angel’s eyes he couldn’t do anything but stare right back. He was afraid that if he stopped looking Castiel might disappear, and so he invited him to join him on the bed.
And now, finally, he could act on it.
They walked past Sam on their way through the bunker’s library.
also: cas’ things slowly start making its way into dean's room. permanently.
it, to understand what was going on in the angel’s mind.
The two brothers return home after a long hunt.
The more he stared into the face in front of him, the more he came to realize that he wouldn’t mind kissing Cas. He couldn’t think of a single reason why it should feel wrong for him to want to hold Cas’s hand. They were more than just best friends. Flirting with other people had always been fun and games with Dean, but he didn’t tend to just flirt with people for no gain, and damn, he had shot many flirtatious remarks towards Cas. He liked to wink at the guy to throw him off or confuse him, but if Dean was really honest with himself, he wouldn’t have enjoyed doing that with anyone else. For some reason the thought didn’t sit right in his gut and almost made him feel sick.
A phone call that could make Dean react like this could be a number of things, and Sam could do nothing but fear the worst until Dean told him.
“I’m back, Dean.” Cas’ voice was rough and familiar. He lifted a hand as if he was going to touch Dean’s face, and then thought better of it and put a hand on Dean’s upper arm. From where Sam was standing he could clearly see Cas giving Dean’s arm a squeeze. “I’m back,” he repeated.
, Sammy.” Dean shook his head, as though he was trying to shake the hope away that was also starting to blossom in Sam’s chest.
she shrugs.
Jimmy catches the look on his son’s face and stops, voice trailing off, limp.
An old man and his wife used to live in the big white house opposite Dean’s nice green house. They had smiled a lot and their children used to come and visit at Christmas and the old lady used to say that Dean would break a lot of hearts when he grew up, which Dean didn’t think was true—and then one day mom said she’d gotten very sick, and the old man who’d been married to her had stopped smiling and seemed to move slower and something in his eyes turned sad. Then one day Dean’s mommy gave him a big bunch of white lilies and had told Dean in a quiet voice that the old lady had died. Not long after that, the old man moved out of the big white house.
“All I’m saying is,” Balthazar raises his hands at Castiel’s frustrated tone, “if you’d agreed to write that TV series with me, instead of teaching at a university, then—”
Shoulder to shoulder in the hours that follow, they watch the creep of morning strangle the stars with light until the dawn has seeped into day. Dean’s lips are curled, perpetually, in a fine bright line, and it doesn’t matter how many times Claire will tease him for his constant glowing: nothing seems able to stifle it.
and starts and ends with the word ‘you’, which chokes Dean, chokes Dean completely, and he blinks, blinks again, flips through more, until he is unable to read for his tears and the words are just vague smears of love across a page, and he clamps his hand across his mouth and shakes his head; this isn’t real, he isn’t worthy, this can’t—it isn’t—Dean doesn’t—but Dean looks up and sees Castiel looking at him. And even through his tears, he can make out that expression. All fear and hope. He wants to look forever. He wants to be buried with this poetry collection. He wants to be buried with Castiel.
Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or roll his eyes.
“And how fortunate that you seemed so equipped with all the necessary gear for falconry,” he returns, nodding to the gloves on Dean and Bobby’s right hands. Dean swallows.
“How did you—”
Alastair all night.”
“Wh—what?” he blinks.
“Yes it
“Dean,” she holds a hand out to Dean’s arm, and fresh guilt and self-hate surge through Dean all over again. He prepares himself, grimly, terrified, for whatever onslaught it is that is about to come. “I’m not angry at you.”
“For all your steadfast loyalty.”
Dean remembers why he’s texted in the first place and forgets to answer Cas’s last question.
Castiel keeps bees and teaches the boys about keeping them when each of them is ready for the responsibility. Jack goes to college and Sam and Eileen visit as often as they can and every night Dean tucks his nose behind Castiel’s ear, or beneath his jaw, or into the curve of his neck, or against the plane of his chest.
“Would you think about me while you did it?”
“He already told me how and why the Empty took him,” Jack shrugs. “I suppose I hadn’t realised
“I’ve heard enough. I’ll see you guys in Spanish.”
Perhaps Dean could buy him something nice and tell him it’s for Sundays, but he’s sure Castiel would reply with something mystic about God not caring for rich clothing but rather for rich hearts. So what can he do in return? What could he possibly give?
He surprises even himself by how blunt and unforgiving his question forms as it leaves his mouth.
“Why do you dislike having other people apologise to you?” Castiel asks, tilting his head to the side.
“But you won’t tell me?”
“You’re leaving me,” Samandriel points out. “Why shouldn’t I?”
he was any of those things, but he didn’t have to. It was all in his tone. All in the way he looked at me when I was being tended to by countless physicians. I’d fucked up,”
“You don’t have to—that’s precious—that’s
(See the end of the chapter for
Balthazar laughs. Castiel glares at him, just as Dean’s song ends. Jo comes over with their drinks.
died—”
“I’m tellin’ you now,” Dean grumbles, still rubbing his ear.
Dean frowns, lips pursed together, pressing for Castiel to continue.
“Shut up, I’m being serious,” Dean replies, abashed. “Is it brown, or black? ‘Cause in some light—”
when the Human’s lips graze against Castiel’s—and this touch means
“And that was important to you,” Jack says. Dean coughs.
“Ass,” he shakes his head, faux-frustrated. Dean smirks.
“Right,” Castiel beams, pulling back from Dean. He feels suddenly cold. He takes a large swig from his beer, insides trembling.
Castiel flinches.
Eventually, Sam and Eileen retire, both hugging Castiel tight and wishing him a good night’s sleep, telling him how good it is to have him back. He smiles shyly. Dean gets up and moves to the record player, and puts on some music.
Dean tries not to flush at the praise, but his heart certainly swells a little.
Michael exclaims, voice still quiet enough that all the tables around them remain unable to hear the heated discussion.
This vowel sound, in particular, keeps forming in Dean’s throat, and once upon a time, Castiel is sure he’d have found it comic. Now he just finds it tedious.
Mara sits on the floor.
taking it as a sign of Dean finally wanting to come to terms with his responsibilities as a prince, and take a hand in organising the affairs of the Kingdom, his royal duty. But
nose, and inhales, and keeps his gaze upon Dean as he breathes in long and deep, the tip of his nose grazing Dean’s knuckles.
“Samuel will be safe.”
“I already said I would, didn’t I?” He laughs, the sound warm and low.
to have a good time, but… I don’t know. Is it fear? I don’t know what the word is.”
“What else?” Dean asks. Orange embers from the fire rise on the smoky air like amber stars. “What else can you tell me of the caves?”
He wants his sorrows to become strangers to him again, wants his father to be home, wants to open the door to Jimmy’s study with a cup of green tea and see his dad working at his computer, glasses balanced on his nose, smiling as soon as he catches Castiel’s reflection in the monitor. He wants his father back and cannot accept the fact that Jimmy is gone.
Castiel frowns at his older brother.
“Yes, and what do you think eats dozens of birds?” Cas asks. But Bobby is already walking, however slowly over the knotted roots underfoot as he finds secure holding for each walking stick with his steps, back to the Eyrie.
Dean starts again, too, though much slower than before. The stairways smell like damp in this building. Dean wrinkles his nose and tries to focus on that, because disgust is better than him crying.
Then he shrugs, expression clearing like the wind sweeping away gray clouds, a cold wind blowing sand and dust awa, like he's resolved not to feel his anguish—or not let Castiel know that he feels it. He starts again.
but also under the weight of twenty-four years of suppression. Dean bends, pressing his brother’s hand to his forehead and trying like crazy to dry out the swim of tears at his eyes and on his cheeks with his free hand. Sam’s palm moves to cradle Dean’s head.
He’s sitting in a wheelhouse. Castiel, younger than Dean has seen him for years, is sitting in a wheelhouse, looking miserable.
The shepherd nods, and the nodding seems to soften him. He looks down to Dean’s hands, looped over his knees, then back up again.
“You have the kindest heart somebody can,” he murmurs, and presses a kiss to Castiel’s shoulder.
“David,” Michael provided, and the King nodded with sad distraction.
Dean laughs, nervous.
Michael glared.
like us to be?” Dean frowns—Castiel stirs, like he’s going to answer, but Dean sighs and cuts him off. “No, y’know what? Why is there a need to define it? Why do you want to? Why can’t we just accept it for what it is, and let it be?”
“Yeah,” the class echoes, all laughing and beaming.
Cousins, extended family, distant great-aunts, family friends, Jimmy’s friends, and even Jimmy’s colleagues arrive.
Lucifer snaps his fingers and turns her into—turns her—
Gabriel grins.
“Yes,” Cas confirms. “But that was a long time ago. Back when our brother, Lucifer, was still around.”
“So,” Dean says, softer this time, “you’re saying Kaia is your Cas, huh?”
we live as Humans?”
The teacher shakes his head, grinning.
“We can do that beforehand, just as we did today,” Castiel shrugs. “And then I can thrash you in training, all over again,” he teases.
“Your dad
“It’s not the house I’m worried about,” he answers, which earns him a bark of laughter from Castiel’s older brother.
Castiel laughs softly.
Dean pauses and stares at the shepherd, who is turning self-consciously to leave.
“We need to tell Michael,” Is all Anna says, her throat dry and rough. “We need to summon him here, right now. I’m sorry Castiel—but these are matters far beyond our capabilities.”
“You fear that you’re inadequate?” Castiel asks, his face lining with concern. Dean looks down.
a dad to comfort me? That’s no big deal—of course you’d stick up for your
“There’s a forge, there,” Dean gestures to the even smaller building to the side of the one they stand at, as he unlatches the door to Novak’s new dwelling. “Though I doubt that’s any use to you—”
“Hi, Michael,” Dean tries not to sigh, because if this were Gabriel, he’d tell him to fuck off, but Michael has always demanded something a little more austere.
“It must get so very hot there,” Hess continues, and Dean realises she must be speaking of India, and Alastair’s time there. Dean thinks of Kansas, and of warmth, and familiarity, and thinks that the distaste and wonder in Hess’s voice is childish, for a woman so old.
know? I’m not keeping a record, Cas, I’m just saying I’m sure lots of people—
“Sorry…” He mumbles, and Castiel hears himself sigh.
“For—” Dean looks up, then down, then up again, then down, all disbelief and joy and fear, maybe too much fear, just now, to quite make room for the joy, yet. “That’s what you—is—you wrote this for—”
Out of the barn, the night is cold. The currents of light like air which swam around them inside are gone, seem more distant by the still waters of night all about, the stationary swimming light of the stars, the wet and watery light of the moon.
“I’m not going to talk with Samandriel,” Castiel sighs, shaking his head.
“Doesn’t matter. A hit is a hit.”
“Yeah, gross,” Dean repeats. “You’re—you’re telling me all this shit, I don’t know what to do with it, how to process it, why’re you telling me now? I don’t get it—”
Castiel shrugs.
Dean doesn’t know.
“She thinks the world of you,” Dean beams. “Loves you, adores you, thinks you’re so talented. Obviously she’s right—of course—but it’s so funny hearing her talk about you. Definitely reminds me how lucky I am to be friends with you. Well—” Dean amends, “more than friends, now,” he grins. “And always more than friends, I guess. Anyway,” he shakes his head, not missing the look Cas is giving him, which is making his head a little fuzzy, “she read your collection for your dad. And she wouldn’t stop texting me while she was reading it, and wouldn’t stop talking about it whenever I was over. She had me and Sam over to eat a lot, the past half a year. Every time she brought it up, Sam wouldn’t stop smirking at me. Actually drove me insane,” Dean laughs. “She was right, by the way. It’s such a good collection—”
Bobby twitches a smile.
Gabriel—”
“It is!” Dean raises his voice, slamming his hand down on the table. “Me, Sam. I’m broken. He knew better than anyone. He was the one who had to fix me, most times, and he still…”
“I see you’ve been doing your reading.”
how to fight. Just to keep them safe.”
“You couldn’t hear him at all in there?”
And Castiel makes a startled sort of noise against Dean’s mouth, and his mind is storming inside his skull and yet it is like still waters; it is swirling messily and it is drawing a blank, and Dean rolls on top of Castiel again, and Castiel thinks he can feel Dean smiling against his mouth, and then he rolls Dean back onto his back; they are both laughing into the kiss, tongues in each other’s mouths, noses meeting awkwardly, foreheads bumping, Castiel’s eyes are crinkling at their corners and something is swelling inside of his heart, ready to burst, and all the poets in all the world couldn’t describe how the Angel feels right now.
“All I know now, Dean,” Castiel says, and his fingers graze the short hairs at the base of Dean’s neck, “is that you’re the earth from which the rest of my heart may grow.”
Well, the fine part certainly isn’t true.
“Dean?” Jimmy repeats. The crease of a frown-line forms between his eyebrows, a soft canyon on his face that asks more questions than Jimmy’s simple-worded response would seem to.
and one so fine. One of his own.
“Maybe to Demons we’re just as bad as they are, to us.”
Benny returns shortly after that, a loose, calming smile spread lopsidedly across his features.
“I don’t think it counts as missing the mark,” Cas shrugs. “Or, I don’t think
Dean feels his face heat.
“And what about—”
“Cas—I—I wanted to say—about what Sam said at dinner—”
They have a race to see who can roll up and down the garden quickest, who can hop all around it fastest, they fall over and laugh and giggle and Castiel shows Dean his favourite flowers and plants and Dean looks at them with big eyes the same colours as their leaves and touches them as gently as Castiel thinks the little boy possibly can.
close. But on the other, this is the first time Dean and Cas have just been caught together, doing—well,
Now he finds Cas felt it too. Now he finds Cas lo—
“Okay.”
impressively, and Sam smirks and shrugs. They drop their packs by the door on her request.
