“Sebastian.” He turned around, standing straight and peering down his nose at the man. Seb had always hated that Sherlock was taller than he was. Good. He looked more or less the same. Maybe a little more sallow in the face. He’d been drinking a lot, Sherlock could tell by the look in his dark eyes and the flush riding high on his cheeks. He was very familiar with how Seb looked while tipsy.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock cut off anything John or the DI could say. “John is still in Defense.” He sounded vaguely apologetic and the officer froze on the stairs.
“I play safe.” John hissed, trembling with rage. His head was hurting now and he really didn’t appreciate this random person grilling him like a sausage. “I don’t go to those places anymore. People change.
“Find David.” Sherlock said in a haughty tone. He strode for the door. “And unless something really interesting happens, don’t contact me again.” He left the flat, pulling his coat tight around himself and popping the collar. Violence and coercion, that’s how doms did their business. That’s how Seb was around him, and that’s how Seb’s friends were at Uni. Sure, she had seemed upset, genuinely upset, but he could make himself look upset too.
They were all gathered in the tent a few weeks later. Four people had been eliminated since week one, leaving eight, and John had yet to win Star Baker. Sherlock was successful with the technical challenges, moreso than anyone else. Mrs. Hudson had won Star Baker twice and Greg was at the bottom last week. John and Molly were content to be safe.
“Not obvious with you.” Greg sat in his chair. “Cocaine is not an option.” He said firmly. Sherlock’s ears went pink and he looked away.
"I brought you dinner." She said, realizing she wasn’t going to get anywhere. "Mike said you're to eat if you're feeling better."
Sherlock let him go, amused. His libido heated up, tingling and sparkling. His own cock twitched again. His body was slow to catch up, but it would get there eventually. Sherlock rested his hand on John’s left shoulder, just above the rough scar tissue lacing through his flesh. That was different. That was interesting, just like the man himself. John went very still and Sherlock glanced at him. “Can I touch?”
"No shit. Me too." The handsome man with the dark curls took a deep gulp of his beer. John did the same. He was going to pay for these, after all. May as well bloody finish them.
“I’d like that.” The doctor piled the eggs and sausages onto a big plate and added four pieces of toast with butter and jam. “Let’s eat in there.” John nodded at the sitting room.
Sherlock glanced at him curiously and beckoned him over. John shook his head. Sherlock mentally shrugged and then focused on the teen.
Mycroft sipped his sweetened tea. He still regretted that remark about the opium. To his knowledge Sherlock hadn’t used since that night after the brawl.
“—it feels fine.” John cleared his throat. His cock was supremely interested in being so close to naked Sherlock and most rational thought was gone.
“You don’t know that.” He nuzzled his thigh and sighed deeply, eyes fluttering closed. “I knew you’d find me. I knew you’d save my life.”
Sherlock glanced up at Lestrade. He was crouched near Logan—still conscious somehow—two gloved fingers looking for his pulse in his neck. He was speaking into his phone.
“Indian?” Sherlock asked over his shoulder. “There’s a place that opened just up Marylebone that gives leftovers to my network. A coupon came in the post for a free meal.”
"Sherlock, really, you don't have to. I can just watch telly and eat leftovers…" John rubbed a hand through his hair, even as he felt the pull of obedience and submission.
Mike watched him attempt to work through his emotions, a funny little smile on his face as he got an idea. “We should go out again.” He said with a nod. “The three of us. What do you think?”
Sherlock turned to her and nodded. She smiled knowingly and gave John the leash. They followed her to the front and she put the case and polish in a black paper bag.
“Just here, please!” Sherlock called. The cab pulled along the muddy edge of the road. Sherlock had the door open before the car had even stopped and moments later he was striding towards the river. John paid the driver—giving extra for the speedy delivery—and followed. It was chilly today and he pulled his jacket collar higher to block the cool breeze off the water. He wasn’t going to complain though. The cold weather meant Sherlock had his Belstaff on, and any weather that was cold enough to bring out the Belstaff was
"Thank you, John." Mary smiled at him and John picked up his tray, heading back to his counter. That had been awful. He was certain everyone else did better than him, and when it was time for the elimination, he prepared himself.
“There you go.” John growled. “Get that bottom up for me.” John reached down and stroked his cock and balls. Sherlock stiffened nearly instantly in John’s hand. “This gets hard for me now.” John said. “My cock.” He squeezed the shaft and Sherlock nodded frantically, grunting when John added a third slick finger and slammed them in and out. It stung a bit, in a good stretchy kind of way. Sherlock moaned into the cushion as his prostate was brushed. It felt so good to have his dom fill him and use him.
Sherlock unpacked the food and sat. John poured them both tea. He would have liked to feed Sherlock, to really draw it out and indulge them both but they were just too tired and worn out from the past twenty four hours. They ate in silence, as neither man seemed to realize how hungry he was until there were pastrami and mustard and ham sandwiches in their hands.
Fast footsteps walked away and John shook his head. He cleaned up and washed his hands, grinning as he left.
“You’ll see.” John slid his bare fingers back into his body and then gave his cock a long slow pull with the glove while he pushed down on his prostate.
Sherlock stripped out of the dark trousers and blue shirt, tossing them aside. John changed into pajamas and pulled the telly up on the shelf. Sherlock threw some kindling into the fireplace and got a little fire going and both men sank to the sofa with sighs of relief. Sherlock snuggled into John’s chest while the doctor flipped channels, dragging Mrs. Hudson’s blanket over both of them. To John’s delight, a Bond film was on. He remembered what he’d thought when him and Lestrade were looking for Sherlock in The Broads all those weeks ago. He closed his eyes, remembering how badly that day could have gone. How he would be sitting in this flat by himself in the cold and the dark, certainly not surrounded by gifts and warm firelight, his much loved sub and husband at his side.
“Show me.” John looked up and Sherlock snapped his fingers loudly. “Good.” He kissed his sub on the lips and wrapped the gag around his head, fitting the ball in his mouth.
He finished his food and brought the plate to the sink, popping one of the blue pills and downing it with a swig of whiskey. There. The alcohol warmed his throat and burned his tongue and he thought of Sherlock, the submissive on his knees, a dark leather collar on his throat. He rested his hand on his crotch, his cock stirring under his jeans. Fuck. John took another gulp of whiskey. He had to stop this. Sherlock wasn’t interested and had told him as such. It wasn’t fair to keep doing this to himself. His dick stiffened, hopeful and egged on by the thoughts of the sub. And now he was horny.
He reached his hand through the gap and found an old bit of rope hanging there. He tugged it and the door gave a feeble creak. Standing, John put his weight against the thing and shoved. It shifted and some dust fluttered down into his hair. He pushed on it again, this time grunting at the effort. It squeaked and sprang open and John went down on his knee from the force of it. Mildewy damp air and cobwebs brushed against his face and he scrambled back and went silent, listening. There were no sounds behind him, no footsteps coming to investigate. Nothing coming out of the void-black space in front of him either. Curious, he crept forward again, heart pounding. He could hear…voices? He slipped silently forward on tiptoe, moving very slowly into the dark space. He nearly tripped down the two stairs he encountered and it was then that he saw it: a tiny crack of light coming out of the floor in the corner.
She strode into his bedroom and set the tray of cake and tea down on the table in his sitting area. The drapes were closed and the room was as dark as the Prince's mood. She whirled to face him.
"John?!" Sarah blinked when they walked through the front door. "What are you doing here? I thought you were off with your sister?"
"If nothing's broken, I'll be amazed." John said. He put the pants back in place. "Sit. You'll need those bandages on for a couple days."
He blinked a few times, then straightened. John wiped his thumb across the tears on his face and sat in the red armchair, knees spread.
Mike stepped back into the room and pulled the door closed. He believed in keeping his patient's woes as private as possible, especially the royals. Mike assessed the ailing prince. He'd clearly gotten here by himself and Mike didn't see any blood. His breathing was fine, if a little labored. "What makes you think you're dying?" Mike asked.
John decided that Betsy should meet Mrs. Hudson. They’d probably take to each other like ducks to water and swap recipes and cook.
John woke up early the next morning out of habit and clonked into the kitchen with his cane, still half asleep, automatically pouring grounds into the coffee machine and adding water. His mind wandered as he stared at the drip, the machine bubbling and gurgling. He hoped Sherlock got home alright last night. He'd seemed out of sorts when he left and John hoped that his presence at the dinner hadn't exacerbated whatever residual feelings Sherlock had regarding his abusive, thankfully
Sherlock conceded this. "I suppose." He stood up and gathered his mug again, already past the logistical failures of Christmas fables.
“Yes. Your riding crop.” His fingers trailed through his sub’s hair, scratching at his scalp and making it very difficult to get a rational thought in.
“It’s not the sushi.” His voice was shaking and Sherlock blinked in surprise at him. John dropped down to one knee and reached into his pocket, smiling at Sherlock’s intake of breath.
"Oh John, we will have fun together." Jim applauded lightly. "What a prize you are. Now, you must excuse me, I have to go reward Sebby for a job well done."
“Huh. You know, you’re not as tall as I’d thought….” Jenkins mused, looking at him. Sherlock grit his teeth and Lestrade jumped in.
“Look at you.” He murmured, reaching down to pet his hair. “Such a good sub, wanting to give me a blow job. I’m very pleased, love.” He petted his dark head and Sherlock sucked harder, kneeling up to get a better angle. “So thoughtful and so good.” John mused. He scratched his scalp and Sherlock whined in his throat, bobbing his head and pressing his tongue along the shaft.
John came up behind him and rubbed his shoulder. He saw the text Greg had sent asking for their statements. Sherlock’s reply-to-text box was empty, the cursor blinking. His thumb was hovering over the keys.
At his flat, Mike picked up his bleeping phone and read John’s message. He smiled. “Betsy!” He called. She trotted out of the kitchen and peeked over his shoulder, reading the text.
John swallowed. "Concubines don't get attached." He said. A little voice inside knew he wasn't telling the truth.
“Good.” John kissed the top of his head just as Mrs. Hudson came up the steps and through their open door.
“We could go to dinner after.” Sherlock called from the sitting room. John grabbed a banana and gulped it down. Sherlock changed topics, veering into the various experiments he had going with the liver as he walked into the kitchen to talk to his dom. John binned the peel and wiped his fingers on his jeans, then slipped his hand into Sherlock’s and brought him towards the bedroom. He made positive sounds in all the right places as Sherlock spoke. He found the cream and set it on the side table and sat on the edge of the bed. He beckoned his sub forward and unfastened his trousers, pulling everything to his knees. Sherlock (still talking, now wondering aloud about regenerating liver tissue) obediently got over his thigh and John examined his bum in the light. It was barely pink anymore. The vivid red had faded a while ago and this was probably the last time John would have to treat the skin.
“At this rate, walking would be faster. Are you waiting for permission?” Sherlock gestured broadly to the street.
“—I’ll let you know.” Sherlock told him. John went to the wardrobe and grabbed for some sleep clothes for his sub.
None of this explained why he was in such a tizzy. He so badly hadn't wanted to go to Chilgrave. Maybe he was just in a foul temper. That happened sometimes with him. She'd get to the bottom of his mood as soon as he was done with the diplomats. She made for the kitchen. She'd whip up his favorite ginger cake dessert. Both her boys had a sweet tooth and there was hardly a problem that couldn't be solved over fresh cake and tea.
"John! Sherlock! Glad you could make it." Lestrade greeted them and pointed out the food and toilets before he got called away.
“No.” John smiled. “Not for at least twenty fours, love. I’m not risking aggravating the inflammation. I’ll check you again and maybe we’ll have sex later.”
Sherlock giggled and John grinned. He reached around for his sub’s cock, fisting it and pulling. His hand was slippery with lube and Sherlock grunted and ground his backside against John’s hips and a few moments later he smiled when Sherlock spilled into his hand. They sat like this for a few moments, sticky and damp, until John slipped back and out of his body. Sherlock rolled over to face him and buried his face in his dom’s neck.
Greg shrugged. “Not good enough for the Baileys’. Logan’s in a maximum security hospital and being assessed by a psych team. We don’t have an official diagnosis for him yet.”
He came back into the bedroom and set everything on the side table. “Drink the whole glass.” He commanded. Sherlock leaned up and they both scarfed their toast and slurped down the water.
“That won’t help.” Sherlock told him firmly. “We both know it won’t. You’ve taken care of me plenty of times. Why won’t you let me return the favor?”
Logan put the knife down and went to the fire. “You should have said something.” He prodded the cracked, black logs and threw a fresh one on top. The fire roared.
“No. If Lestrade hadn’t made me take a suppressant before I went in there, I probably would have. He deserved it.”
“Sure.” John said, “Or—you wait outside the door, like it’s my office, and then I’ll call you in? Does that work?”
Sherlock did. John glanced around. There weren’t convenient throw pillows like at 221 so he grabbed his own pillow off the bed and dropped it in front of his sub. “Use this.” He helped him wedge it under his knees. “Now,” he straightened and spoke to the back of Sherlock’s head, “you think about your sore red bum as you stare at that corner. I’ll come get you when I’m ready.”
"Oh good. We are far from the castle, you'd be in for a rough time if you were more seriously injured."
Sherlock scrubbed a hand through his hair and paced in the sitting room. John had nearly died. The first good thing to come into his life in ages and he damn near loses it in the blink of an eye and a hard jab with a spear. His heart hammered his ribcage and his bones vibrated in tune with it. Tonight could have gone very badly indeed and Sherlock realized to his dismay that he
“I’m going to run up and drop the bag and look for that coupon.” John patted his jeans, looking for his keys.
“Sh…good boy.” John soothed. “I’ve got you. Let’s have a shower and some sleep, yeah? We’re going to be busy tomorrow.”
John took a moment to rotate his arms and open and close his jaw a few times to work out the stiffness. He leaned against the bars, looking in the direction his people had been taken. It was just darkness. No more torches illuminated the corridor.
John didn’t smile. He felt positively sick at the thought of proposing. His heart was actually slamming into his chest and the sound was thuddy and echoing in his ears. What on earth had he been thinking? What if Sherlock said no? The fish was slimy in his stomach and he gulped.
He looked down at John, peaceful and quiet at his knee. He wasn’t sure what to do now. He didn’t want to do something wrong and pull John out of subspace, but he didn’t want him bored down there either. Although, Sherlock reasoned he was never bored when he was spacing. He had half a mind to Google something but John lifted his face out of his leg and wormed his way up to the sofa. Sherlock pushed his computer onto the table when John curled around him in a little horseshoe shape, his side over Sherlock’s thighs and his knees tucked up against the back of the sofa. He rested his head on the pillow under Sherlock’s other arm and let out a long deep sigh, going still.
"Thank you, John. I did have a little help though." She gave Sherlock a grin and he rolled his eyes.
John froze. His voice was like dark chocolate caramel cake and John's insides withered with lust. The taller man smiled as if he knew exactly what power his voice held.
“Good boy.” John pulled him back onto his belly and hooked his hand around his warm thigh to anchor him to the bed. He smacked his bottom again. Sherlock jerked and tried to pull away.
The flat was quiet and peaceful when they arrived. John set his bag down and uncuffed him. Sherlock picked up the suitcase right away, not even bothering to take off his coat, and brought it to the bedroom. John followed, curious. Sherlock put the bag on the bed and threw open his wardrobe. He cast a critical eye over the shirts and trousers and whatnot, then shoved some things aside with a flourish. He piled a bunch of shirts and trousers to the bed and nodded, satisfied. “Put your things here.” He said, pointing at the empty space. “If you want.”
At that moment, Mike had a burst of inspiration. “Sherlock.” He said. The detective looked at him sharply. “You know how you mentioned to Betsy that an assistant would be useful?”
“John,” Danny came up to him. “Can you give me some of that numbing stuff? I gave my last to Kate. I have two tonight, don’t know what they’ll want.”
An arrow whizzed out of a nearby tree. John recognized the fletching Mot and Dot used. It sank into the guard’s shoulder. As if on cue the carriage doors flew open and a stream of armed Hibernian guards flooded out. John swore. There were too many. The last payroll carriage hadn’t been guarded this well. At most his team had encountered two or three guards. Never five—no, six. They all had guns. In no time at all John’s team was overpowered. Guns were no match for knives and bows.
John fighting him for control. It was fun this time because had given him the safeword. He could end it with a single word and John would have to relent.
“Ms. Dunn?” Greg held up his ID and spoke in soft tone. “I’m DI Greg Lestrade. This is Sherlock Holmes. We’re with Scotland Yard, may we come in and ask you a few questions?”
"Hm." John nodded, genuinely impressed. “Fantastic. Not entirely correct, of course, but fantastic none the less.”
"Oh scheiße!" She dismounted. "Are you alright, Prince?" She asked, coming up to him. "Are you hurt?"
“It’s a special tea I used to make for my husband and second son. The blend is supposed to ease Defense. They always said good things about it.”
John left and closed the door. Sherlock counted to five before he jumped off the bed and sat on the carpet, pulling the box out of the corner. Silly John. He might know when the box was touched, but he’d forgotten he was dealing with Sherlock Holmes and not some mere mortal. The box was oak, stained golden, with a darker cherry detailing around the edges. It was pleasing to the eye, yet sturdy and useful. Sherlock lifted the lid on the smooth hinges. A bundle of silk black rope, a few plugs of varying sizes, a few thin books tucked in the side, a red rubber and wood table tennis paddle, a length of leather. He tilted the box and looked underneath the coil of rope and saw at least one leather cuff. He touched a fingertip to the neat coil of white rope with longing. He’d been tied once, a long time ago. Seb had indulged him and the bondage had been peaceful, in a way. Seb hadn’t allowed him to linger in the ropes for very long, as he wanted to get right to the sex, but despite the fleeting memories of the session Sherlock did remember his enjoyment at the constricting yet freeing nature of getting bound up. A sort of paradox.
John jerked his head in a nod and peeled each piece of adhesive and gauze away from Sherlock’s skin, binning them until all the healing wounds were exposed.
"This is how it's going to be." Mycroft said. His voice was marginally calmer. "I care about you too much too see you destroy yourself. Now," He adjusted his shirt. "We will have breakfast tomorrow, as you chose to be selfish today. I don't want to see you until then. We depart the day after tomorrow. Make sure your bags are packed."
"Get on your stomach." Greg told him. "Lemme cover you." He was just in his white pants and the Tshirt. He would freeze even without the ice that was going to cool his bruises. Sherlock groaned in protest. "I need to get this ice on there, Sherlock. It'll slow the swelling."
Molly had devised a valerian-based ointment that relaxed muscles and had a pleasing numbing effect. Her breadth of knowledge in healing was stunning and since that first day when she’d shown him kindness, her and John had remained friends and close allies.
“Alright, come on.” They stepped out of the tub and John dried them both briskly. Already the color on his back was starting to fade. “I have some lotion in my jacket.” He slung the wet towels over the rack. “Can you get it for me?”
There was a sound like a door slamming somewhere and Sherlock wondered if it was his brain going into some sort of spasm from the blood loss. “Weak, aren’t you? Your dom will understand.” Logan soothed. “He’ll know that you died to save him.”
John felt something cold clip to the leather collar at his throat. “I’m going to keep you right here until I want to go again.” He pulled out of John’s body and he stifled a scream as the raw flesh pulled painfully.
“Of course.” He growled. “I’ll gladly fuck you.” He rubbed his own cock with one hand, encouraging it back awake. “I’ll happily push into this sweet arse. There’s really not much that involves my hands on your body that I’d say no to.”
"Mistletoe." Sherlock said. "Extraordinary little plant. Several of my colleagues overseas are experimenting with its restorative properties. The berries and leaves can, possibly, be used to treat a variety of illnesses‒seizures, headaches, dizziness, piles, gout, and the common cold. I'm trying to convince Mike to give it out to his patients but he doesn't trust it. Yet."
"You bastard!" Sherlock grabbed a round iron weight and threw that as well. It slammed with a muffled thud into a thick tapestry hanging from the stone wall and rolled away.
He chided himself. He hadn't even thought to consider a look out. He didn't think they would be so suspicious.
Mike stopped by his office briefly before they wandered down a hallway where a lone figure was leaning against the wall next to a door marked ‘LAB 1’. John perked up instantly when he saw who it was.
John took a deep shuddering breath and dropped the leash. He went back into the flat. Mrs. Hudson sighed and shook her head, following him inside. Sherlock bit his lip. He had no idea what was going through his doctor’s mind.
"It's tradition." Sherlock said, slipping his hand into John's. "Hang some mistletoe over a doorway or anywhere overhead really and two people kiss under it." He kissed the back of John's hand. "The Druids started it, claiming that drinking essence of mistletoe would make barren creature fertile again."
“Problems at home.” Sherlock mumbled, coming up to his dom. “She’s discovering the horrors of dating Anderson…” Sherlock pulled out his phone and texted Lestrade:
John pulled out of his backside and slipped off his cock. Saliva had slopped down his chin and neck and he grabbed a handful of tissues off the desk, spitting everything out and wiping his face. He had mouthwash in the box too for this exact reason and he grabbed it, heading to the loo to swish and spit. Some people found his habit of rinsing right away offensive, but John didn’t care. As far as he was concerned, he had just given an excellent blowjob, so he was entitled to spit and rinse if he wanted.
Sherlock took his gown off and pulled on boxers and a loose Tshirt, then turned off the light and got into bed and curled up on his side. He would go to his palace tomorrow and deal with the case. John would likely want to talk tomorrow too, about all of this. The doctor was laying flat on his back, stiff as a board behind him, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. No doubt John was mentally beating the hell out of himself back there.
John had never punched a woman in the face. When he and Harry were young they would hit each other and wrestle, but never in his adult life had he punched or even wanted to punch a woman in the face until now. His parents had raised him better than that, but at the raw expression of shameful pain on Sherlock’s face, John’s fist almost flew. Almost. The urge to sock Donovanacross the jaw took every fiber and ounce of willpower he had to refuse. He flexed his hand a few times and took a deep breath. His inner dom roared in rage and he grit his teeth.
“Yep.” John ran his hand over the skin and Sherlock shivered, both at the mild pain and just the sight of John’s hands on his body. “Beautiful.” John murmured. “How did I get so lucky? Such a gorgeous sub.” John kissed his arm. “An intelligent, genius sub.”
“Ah.” John sighed in relief. God forbid he was ill on top of having been hurt. Or injured because he had been abused. John squeezed his fork. He wanted to hurt that dom, very badly.
“John, hello.” She opened her door and gestured him into her sleek office with it’s grey rug and papered walls and green fluffy plants meant to liven the place up.
"Stop." John said. "She wasn't flirting. She knows we're together and she has a steady sub." John mouth twisted in disbelief. "Come on‒we're bloody married, she's a woman,
“Beautiful.” He admired his handiwork and kissed Sherlock on the forehead. He reached for the white plastic-y clothesline next and unraveled it. It felt cheap and light in his hands and John made a face at it. He would never choose these ropes for his sub.
Sherlock stepped his feet apart. His cock hung heavy and sensitive between his thighs and he felt exposed and horny.
John glanced at her neck. No collar. Sub? Dom? It was impossible to tell. He would tentatively guess ‘sub’ but it was just a hunch. Sherlock certainly would roll his eyes and tell him her life story, and John’s face softened at the thought.
“No.” John said, coming closer to him, slipping their hands together. “Not normal is someone who doesn’t appreciate a genius detective solving her police case in the blink of an eye. Not normal is an adult who calls another adult names like children on a playground. And there’s nothing wrong with those other things you said.” John squeezed his hand and brought it up to his lips to kiss. “There is nothing wrong with
“No one’s saying you didn’t.” Greg soothed. He gave Sherlock a warning look and went back to his questions. Sherlock moved past the fridge, taking in the detritus items on the counter top while keeping an ear on the conversation. There were some salt and pepper shakers shaped like cars. A pile of dishes in the sink, ready to be washed. An inexpensive white blender and an expensive stainless electric kettle. Some papers were piled over the grey laminate counter and Sherlock eyed them. Junk mail in one pile. Take away menus from a restaurant called
"What did you do to end up in Jim's herana?" She asked. She handed him the loincloth. She sat down at the desk and took a piece of paper and a quill. She dipped the point in ink and began writing across the top of the page.
He awoke to rare late afternoon sunlight shining on the ornately woven purple and cream carpet on his floor. His dry tongue was stuck to the roof of his mouth and he looked around, craving water. The fire was built up again and a cup of tea, no doubt made and brought by Mrs. Hudson, was steaming on the small table at his bedside. He stretched and sat up before reaching for the gold and white porcelain cup. He sipped carefully and savored the robust flavor of the tea. It was bittered from the addition of willow bark but sweet and creamy with sugar and milk. He let it warm his gums before he swallowed and took another sip.
The cab ride was uneventful and no one at all paid any attention to Sherlock’s tied wrists, hidden in the night shadows. He was flopped back on the cab seat, his hands loose in his lap and his knees spread and touching John’s leg. He fidgeted now and then and John knew it was because of his paddled bum.
John laid some soft little pats on his cheeks with his hand to get him warmed up and sensitive. Sherlock stretched his arms forward and rested his face on his bicep. His shoulders were a little tense but he was relaxing, soothed by John’s touch. The doctor patted him a few more times, then smacked him a little harder. Sherlock squirmed and John couldn’t resist pinching his thigh. He yipped and spread his legs, encouraging John to touch him lower.
"Thank you." He sat. He drained the cup and held it in one hand, the fabric fisted in his other. "Herana.” This ugly, cold place was a herana? “That's what this is‒you're all concubines?"
“I don’t know!” Greg put his hands up in supplication. “You come in here, wound tight as a snare drum and I’m trying to figure out why.”
“I know that was harsh, love, but you really freaked us all out. Just relax now. You’re safe and you’re mine. I’ll take care of you…sh…” John murmured more sweet things and eventually the tears slowed and stopped. Sherlock turned his face up, resting his cheek on John’s chest. He breathed deep, taking a moment to bask in all his dom’s attention. “I have cream when you’re ready.” John stroked some hair away from his forehead.
"You'll see. He's not so great in social situations, touch of Asperger’s or something, I don’t really know but I think he'll like you. Well, as much as he
"We get as much food as we want. There's always a cook on staff in the kitchen, so you can eat whenever. We can request days off too, if we're too ill or injured to serve. No one wants shoddy concubines. The attendants come in a couple times a day to read out who’s assigned to which guest for that day or the next. When it's time, you'll get escorted to that guest."
Sherlock gulped. John took a few steps and snapped it against the red chair. Sherlock startled at the
They went out of the cave and mounted their horses. The other members of highwaymen were Jake, the twins Dot and Mot, Edgar, who had one eye, Peggy, young and firey, and Ivor, whose only English was "We hate King Jim." These were John's best raiders so the group was small tonight. He called attention and explained what was going to happen.
John nodded, agreeing with everything they were saying. "Thank you." He nodded. It had hardly been his most successful signature bake, but they had at least liked the flavor on the parts they could eat.
Jim had eaten and drank to excess, keeping what few servants the manor employed running ragged the entire visit. Gregory had taken up the guise of a valet and reported back on what the servants downstairs were saying about Jim and their lord. It was as Mycroft suspected: the people were poor, theft was common, and stomachs were rarely full.
“Hush you two!” Mrs. Hudson shouted. It was no use. They ignored her. She went back inside, yanking her gloves off as she did, muttering about ridiculous Defensive doms. She reappeared moments later bearing a frying pan and metal spoon. She bashed the spoon into the pan like a drum,
Sherlock did and John pushed the gown aside and tugged the left side of his sweats and pants down. His bum cheek was bruised but not as purple as his back.
That had been years ago though, and he no longer had the desire or energy to pull doms and subs all night. He was looking for something a little more real now. Permanent. To settle. He bit his lip and rested his free hand on the cool wall above the toilet, widening his feet as he rubbed and stroked and squeezed. Sweat broke over his neck and his heart rate bounced up. Sherlock. The tension pooling in his hips gathered and tightened and a few more sticky strokes had him coming into the toilet in a burst of pleasure. He stood there for a few moments, his hand clammy on the wall as the post-orgasm satisfaction buzzed through his body. He leaned up straight and grabbed a tissue, wiping the lotion off himself and only wincing a little bit at the sensitivity. He tossed the tissue into the water and tucked himself back in his pants, then flushed and washed his hands. He stepped out his jeans, heading back out to the bed and falling into it.
“John, right?” Lestrade said, crouching beside them. He was holding a paper cup of coffee and John’s mouth watered. “You bailed this one.” He nodded at Sherlock.
"Yep." Greg nodded. "All three in custody. They're on the agenda for today. No harm in letting everyone sit in the cells overnight and think about things."
“Not now. First, I’m going to explore this beautiful body. Sh…” John picked up the lube and squirted some onto his gloved fingers. He smoothed them through Sherlock’s crack and the sub instantly tensed. “Sh, sh…” John prodded at his hole. Tight as tight could be. “Settle and relax.” He petted long strokes up his back with his free hand, massaging at his shoulders. He prodded again, rubbing the hole, and reached around his hip until he found Sherlock’s cock, completely interested now. “We’re going to loosen you up.” John said. “So that you can take my fingers and my plug whenever I want you to. Because you’re my sub now, Sherlock, and I won’t be able to keep my hands off your lovely body. Nope. All this gorgeous skin and that amazing brain. Such a beautiful sub…” John continued fondling his cock and rubbing at his bum and Sherlock shuddered, humping into his lap. John slipped a finger in.
"Sherlock," He slid the opened through the paper. "I have lots of things to do before we depart for Hibern and this is taking up entirely too much time."
“I, yes.” John stood up. “I, okay…” he walked out of the room and closed the door behind. Sherlock instantly missed him. John was comfort. John made him not feel bad.
"Oh, hullo, dear!" Mrs. Hudson strode into the room with some empty glasses. She made for the wine bottle.
“Jump back up there and you might get your wish.” She said, too used to him to be sympathetic or obsequious. The cry of “land ho!” cut through the air and Sally sighed in relief as Sherlock swore and stomped to his rooms below deck where he could work himself into a raging sulk that would likely last the duration of the trip.
A few wranglers appeared and gathered everyone and John eyed the tables where the families waited. There were a few middle-aged people and happy children, and he figured they must be Mrs. Hudson's family and grandchildren. A group of twenty-somethings and a kind looking man and a woman with Molly's eyes were at another table. The man in the suit and a cheerful older couple were at the third, and John eyed them. Sherlock's parents and…brother? Cousin? He gulped, boyfriend? They looked normal enough.
“Hm….” John opened the lid and eyed the items inside, tapping one finger against his lips in thought. “What can I do to you? We could try the tighter nipple clamps, the adjustable ones. Or I could cuff your wrists and tease you ‘til you scream…” He examined his items. Sherlock’s wrists were still tender from being tied with Logan’s rope, so cuffs were out. He wanted to avoid his wounds too, obviously, so pretty much everything on the torso was out. Nothing at was wrong with his cock or bum though. He looked up and saw his sub watching him with eager, lusty eyes. He smiled and removed a thin length of silky cord and a single black satin and lace glove and closed the box. He pulled the blankets down and fluffed all four pillows and piled them against the headboard.
They stayed silent for the next ten minutes and Sherlock thought about that hated paddle and his sore bottom. The bed creaked. John came closer and Sherlock went still, hunching his shoulders. He half expected another blow across his bum, or to be grabbed and yanked out of the corner.
Sherlock leaped up and went to his laptop, clattering out a Google image search. “These?” He asked, spinning the laptop towards her.
Sherlock snatched it and yanked it up around his shoulders, muttering to himself as he stomped down the stairs.
a favorite place of mine. I am a prisoner here, you remember, and being a concubine is my sentence. No, the herana is loud. People fight. There’s moments of peace, but…the concubines here, many of them are cold-hearted or cruel. It's not a good place."
The concubines were gathered around an attendant, waiting to hear the list of that night’s assignments.
An hour must have passed because he heard familiar steps banging up the stairs. The door opened. He didn’t move. John set his bag and down and wandered over, looking down at him from above.
The tub in 221B, big enough for two, was full of steamy hot water. Sherlock let his dressing gown slide off his shoulders and into his hand. Naked now, he caught it and hung it on a hook before stepping into the sumptuous bath. He shivered as the hot water encased his calves and he groaned as he crouched and sank back into the heavenly water. He sighed, long and deep, and slid forward until everything below his chin was submerged. He closed his eyes and hummed in pleasure.
After seeing Sherlock every week for eight weeks, suddenly not seeing him was hard. He missed Sherlock. Missed his voice and his face and cutting comments. He was going to ask him out today, come hell or high water.
Coel left the room and Sherlock opened a drawer in the cube-shaped coffee table. Lubricant and a Wartenburg wheel. A feather. He closed it and opened the drawer beside it. Business magazines about trading and stock. The TV remote control. Blu Ray disks.
A grainy image of Sherlock wandering up the street in jeans and a Tshirt was attached to the message. The photo was timestamped for about half an hour ago.
John bristled. He remembered Donovan from the circus case. She had called Sherlock ‘freak’ then too and he didn’t like her.
need more attention, love.” He pulled out and grabbed the clamps. Sherlock held his breath as John secured the metal clamps on each nipple. He yelped around the gag as the rubber tips pinched the delicate flesh. His knees were quivering and he felt hot and sore all over. Muscles that weren’t used to being stretched were getting pulled and tugged. His arms, his jaw, his legs. Even the bottoms of his feet were scraping around on the carpet. He was sweating underneath the gag strap and it was kind of gross. Warmth was seeping out of his bum and slicking his thighs and subspace had never seemed further away.
"You don't have to do this!" He was starting to feel panicky. Restricted to the grounds! He thought of his networks in the towns, all the places he went. He cherished his ability to go anywhere at will. He was thirty-two for fuck’s sake, this couldn't be happening. "Don’t do this! I'll never go to the Barrens again!"
Jim shoved him out of his rooms and back into the corridor in the earliest hours. John limped slowly all the way back into the herana. He passed several stationed guards in the empty halls but no one paid him any attention. It was dark in the herana and the big fire in the center of the room was banked. People were asleep and all was quiet. Cold tears tightened his face. Every part of him was sore. His knees, his shoulder, his throat. A sharp ache deep in his backside was worrying and he leaned against the wall and sank to the floor. White noise screaming in his head drowned out all thought. He was shaking and trembling and he closed his eyes, needing a moment to comprehend and process Moriarty's terror.  He put his palm on the wall to steady himself, breathing through his sobs. His palm print on the cold wall was bloody and he looked his hand, confused. Where was the blood from?
“The femur, it’s scored and scratched to hell. The blade that cut through was very sharp, but the killer had no idea of anatomy. The muscle and skin is jagged and flayed.” John pulled at the epidermis. “A sawing motion was probably used. A serrated knife. Right handed?” He glanced up at Sherlock and the detective got close, tucking his coat around himself as the breeze picked up.
“Yes, I do! If not next, then soon. Look at that, Sherlock!” He pointed at the photos of the bodies. “They look just like you. Young, white, male, submissive!”
John started to sit up and Sherlock got off of him. “I’m willing.” He said. “You know how good it feels. If you like penetration, then sure. Who says subs can’t ‘pitch,’ as it were?”
Sherlock nodded blearily and they switched positions, half falling over each other and nearly getting tangled in the sheets in the process. John lay on his back and stuffed a pillow under his head, then grabbed the lubrication. Sherlock snatched it out of his hands, squirting it into his palms. John watched with a sharky smile as Sherlock grabbed his thick cock and greased it up in fast jerky motions. He shuddered and Sherlock threw his leg over John’s hip, reaching back to grab his cock and guide it inside before his muscles split and and he sank right down. Sherlock seated himself and shivered at the full sting of it, rocking back and forth and back and forth.
"Pass out on your stomach." Greg said. "I'll put ice packs on your back for the swelling." Greg went out to the kitchen. John had told him to do whatever necessary to keep Sherlock comfortable, and Greg appreciated the trust the dom was placing in him. He vividly remembered a Defensive John beating a serial killer unconscious and Greg didn't want to do a damn thing to provoke that wrath. He opened his freezer and moved a frozen pizza and an ice tray aside and found two blue ice packs. He wrapped them in tea towels and stopped at the hall closet enroute back to the bedroom to pick up the sage colored blanket Sherlock liked to use when he slept here. He tucked it under his arm.
“Why the hell did you go after Logan?” John’s voice was disappointed. “I specifically asked you not to use yourself as bait.”
He put the phone away. It was a little white lie, yes. He was expecting nothing from Molly, but there were lives at stake here! John would understand that! Saving lives was well worth the lie. Even John would agree.
“The problem is that it happened!” John snipped. “I used to be into some unpleasant stuff, Sherlock.”
"Kneel down." He hissed. For a brief, horrible moment, John thought that Jim was going to force him to suck one of them off. He sank to his knees and when he neither monarch made a move towards him, he relaxed minutely.
Perfect. He jumped out of bed, washed up, and was out of the flat fifteen minutes later on silent feet. He left John to sleep. No point in dragging him out on a case he didn’t like. He was moving in today, and it wouldn’t take long to talk to Molly. He could be back in time to help. John had assured him that he didn’t have many things in his bedsit anymore, as items had slowly migrated over to B over the past several weeks. John assured him that a large cab would do the trick.
“Dead stuff!” Sherlock crowed. He looked at Mike, pleased with his horrible answer, clearly expecting the man to be appalled like his mother was.
Sherlock peered over his shoulder and held very still as John wiped off the spots. He was deliciously warm under his shirt and John tried not to touch him too much. He wasn't sure he'd be able to stop if he got his hands on that enticing body. Sherlock didn't seem to mind at all and he actually leaned back a little towards John, clearly fine with the contact.
“Good.” John kissed the crook of his elbow and Sherlock froze. His lips, soft and hot and damp from the drink warmed the sensitive skin there. If John noticed any of the old cocaine scars under his lips, he said nothing. Sherlock tilted his glass and gulped the rest down, flaming in his esophagus. His brain spun. John kissed him. So? He kissed him on the arm—on his sore spot. It meant nothing. A nursery-rhyme ministration of ‘kissing it better.’ It was token, nothing more. Nothing at all. They were just getting tipsy and that was that. Another soft kiss was pressed to the side of his mouth and Sherlock’s eyes widened, his carefully piled thoughts scattering as if they had been kicked by a rambunctious two year old. He blinked and slid his gaze to John. The doctor’s dark blue eyes were bright in the firelight, focused on him, waiting for a reaction. Sherlock scrambled to gather his strewn thoughts.
The horses plodded forward. "You'll love Castle Chilgrave—what little of it you'll see before Jim decides your fate, that is." Moran smiled, awfully pleased. "If you're very lucky, he'll execute you and be done with it." He bit back a giggle, like a small child who knew a delicious dessert was on the way. John stared straight ahead. Outside, the trees lightened with the dawn.
aren't they all baking at the same speed? It's illogical." He rubbed his hands through his hair and reached for a spatula. "This didn't happen at my flat."
"I'm fine." He fidgeted under the sheets like a naughty boy caught in a lie. Mycroft was absolutely right, the git.
“I’ll bring you one.” John got up and went to the freezer. No ice packs, but there was a long forgotten bag of frozen chopped carrots behind what appeared to be the left hemisphere of a human brain. John gamely grabbed the carrots and shut the freezer door.
John came down the steps one chilly, snowy morning to find his flat mate pacing briskly between the sitting room and kitchen. He had a manic gleam in his eye and his hair was a mess. His red dressing gown was sliding off his shoulder as it flapped around his knees.
He turned onto a less busy street and headed for the park. People were going to work and he didn’t want to get in anyone’s way. Not like he had a job to go to. He walked past some benches that were along the side of the path, so intent on keeping balance that he didn’t notice the person sitting on one of them.
“If you don’t see the mess, then there’s not a mess.” Sherlock said. He picked up some half full glasses off the mantle and coffee table and consolidated them all to the desk.
“I know, it’s sore.” He said. “But after this, I’ll dry you off and put some nice lotion on your sore spots, how’s that sound?”
John suddenly blew a raspberry on his sweat-streaked chest and Sherlock laughed, loud and with abandon. John did it again and he giggled, then shouted out as the thrusts sped up and John straightened his arms, pistoning right into his prostate. He growled and groaned and came deep in his body. The hot gush and the pressure on his sensitive bits, plus John’s little gasping noises made Sherlock spill like a tidal wave, shuddering and panting.
"Let me." Sherlock mumbled into his ear. He plucked the shampoo bottle and squeezed a dollop into John's hair. He groaned in pleasure as Sherlock scrubbed fingers across his scalp. "You've been going for hours." Sherlock said. "You barely slept last night. Let me do this…"
John took a deep breath. “Come here.” He sat on the sofa and Sherlock scuttled over and knelt on the floor beside him. John had meant for him to sit on the sofa, but if he wanted to kneel that was fine. “I’m not upset with you. You know that, right?”
“Leave it there. If I catch you at those filthy habits again, you’re getting a bare smacking over my knee, understand?”
Sherlock followed his example and tore open another box, dipping in with his fork and nibbling the Caesar salad.
"The only place that belongs." Sherlock declared. He swept out of his dressing gown and stepped into the now-streaming shower. He grabbed his shampoo bottle and popped it open, eager to rid the room of the awful stink. "Joining me?" He asked. He drew his gaze rakishly across John's damp body and disappeared behind the curtain. John followed. The warm bath may have been a disaster but they could still salvage some romance from this evening.
“I’ll not have you brawling outside my building!” She shouted. “This isn’t a bleeding pub! You two are grown men for God’s sake.”
“Kick the sofa and find out—” John challenged, “but I don’t want to hear any complaining if you do.”
At this, Sherlock pulled his gown tighter around his torso like he was trying to hide. His posture straightened and he sniffed. "A concubine that Jim owns." His voice was soft.
Sherlock hit the ‘print’ button on the Google search and the printer groaned to life, reluctantly spitting out the image. Sherlock grabbed the photo and his coat. “John! I’m going out!”
John stared at him, panting, teeth grit, as Jim left the dungeons and the doors clanged shut once more.
“Do you want to hit Sherlock like you did these other submissives, Doctor Watson? Do you want to make him bleed?”
John strained to listen. He didn’t hear anyone talking. There may have been the noise of a cabinet opening but it hard to be sure.
switch and flipped that. I mean, I was still definitely a sub, but now…I pictured him on his knees in front of me and I couldn’t believe how pleasing that idea was. I had never ever considered or imagined anyone kneeling for me before. I couldn’t help but think of how sweet it would be to bind him and fuck his arse.”
“Lestrade won’t let anything happen to me.” Sherlock said it with complete confidence and conviction. “He hasn’t yet.”
Sherlock looked down at the mug and nodded. They went back to the bed. John set his tea down and stripped out of his clothes. He put Sherlock’s tea beside his own and they slipped into the sheets. Sherlock whined as the cotton rubbed his bum.
“Good boy.” He said. Sherlock looked up at him and grinned, then glanced at the items on the table and blinked.
A member of the court knocked and was waved into the room. He spoke with Jim and Mycroft took a few moments to observe John. So
“Good. You didn’t tell Lestrade.” He patted his bottom with every word. John lifted it off and Sherlock ducked his head down, tensing—
“You’re welcome.” Sherlock slammed the pile of dishes he was holding into the sink. He left the kitchen and went to his wall of notes and John smirked, settling down at the table again with a lemon raspberry cake Mrs. Hudson had baked for them the day before because ‘you boys are just so sweet!’
“No, not at all! Go talk with Mike.” She shooed them both into the other room and it was then that John saw the tall, lanky brunette seated at the laid dining table, texting on his phone.
“A bit.” He said in a smug voice. John rolled his eyes, a fond expression on his face. Lestrade sipped his coffee to hide his surprise. Maybe John really was different. Lord knows Sherlock needed a dom with a spine made of steel and a low capacity for bullshit.
Sherlock took a deep breath and John went into the box again. “You seemed to have an interest in this.” He lifted the red paddle and ran his thumb over the edge as if he was testing a blade.
"Can you undress, love?" John asked. "You can leave the sweats, but the shirt needs to come off." He pulled a gown out of a drawer and placed it on the counter. He stared at the lit up touch screen as Sherlock rustled behind him, removing his shirt. John swung the machine's arm down and adjusted the angle of the panel. Sherlock crept up to him, gown wrapped tight, and John gave him a tight smile.
"I can't believe this happened to you." John said. He stood in the doorway of the loo in 221B, staring at Sherlock, who was sitting on the closed toilet. He'd stripped to the waist and was gingerly dabbing at the blood running down his left elbow: courtesy of the most recent case.
John tactfully chose not to tell Sherlock that the reason people weren't looking at his ash data wasn't because it was incomplete. "Why does it smell like a pub in here?"
"Y-yes. I mean, you're welcome." Sherlock shoved the eggs back away and they returned to their respective stations, both of them staring resolutely at the floor.
"Best of three." Sherlock said. He plonked a small burlap bag on the table, certain to let the merchant see the glittering gold sovereigns inside. His eyes widened greedily.”I accept!”
"The arrow head is strange." Sherlock said. "I can't quite tell what the material is. It’s neither stone, I think, nor iron. Of course I don't have all my good equipment." He muttered, waving his hand over his messy table top. "If I were at home I could...."
He bought two cups of cider, intent on bringing one back to Sherlock as a peace offering. He felt a bit badly now, surrounded by all this cheer. He shouldn’t have shouted. He should have just moved the tongues and kept his mouth shut. Sherlock would forgive him though, he was sure.
John considered, then grabbed his timer and adjusted it down to thirty. He could always leave it in longer, but why would Sherlock try to help him? This was a competition, after all.
John popped the tops on the plastic dishes and inhaled the delicious scents of sausage and egg. Sherlock sank to the pillow and John took a bite of his own food first. Delicious. The eggs were soft and the sausage salty. The tomatoes were perfect and burst wonderfully on his tongue. He sipped his coffee and looked down at his sub, waiting patiently.
“Why?” John asked Greg. “Why did he do all this? Why kill all those subs?” He glanced at Sherlock. “Did he just…snap?”
One of Moran's men rode ahead several hours later, presumably to notify the castle of their arrival with a surprise band of the highwaymen members in tow. John, again, cursed himself a bleeding idiot. How could he have been so stupid about all this? He'd been expecting a regular payroll carriage, not this posh arsehole's personal cavalry.
. He hadn’t knelt like that in an age. His thighs were stiff and his knees sore. His lower back too was a little tight but his shoulder wasn’t hurting a bit and he actually felt refreshed, despite the tight sore muscles. He was sure the dual hit of subspace and domming was the only reason his legs worked at all. He swung by the loo to piss and clean his teeth, then headed straight for the coffee pot. A mug was already poured black and hot on the table. John took it gratefully and sipped. Surprisingly, paper bags filled with breakfast from Speedy’s were on the table and John smirked at the little note from Mrs. Hudson.
That was interesting. Considering this was a contest, very interesting indeed. Sherlock wanted him here. He wanted John to stay. The doctor stared at his biscuits again, feeling stupid with emotions. He wanted to stay too. He wanted to compete, yes, but he wanted to see Sherlock every weekend too. He found he wanted to see Sherlock even more than he wanted to win the fabled cake stand.
Sherlock shrugged, all innocence. He’d only wanted to make several very shallow and very short cuts along the top of the man’s forearm. How else was he supposed to test the healing rate of incision depth? The fool valet had quit instead, walking away from a lucrative position. Moron.
The door popped open. Sherlock was dressed again and looking even more haggard and sleepy than before. "You'll get some bruising, sir." The male medic said. "Icing the area tonight will help reduce swelling. We'll give you enough vicodin to get you through tomorrow. Following up with your GP is a good idea."
would scare off any sensible dom and he was probably right. Mummy was upset her boys weren’t married, but she would never say anything of course.
John took a deep, shaking breath. “I’m so glad you’re alive, Sherlock.” He hugged him tight. “Christ, I love you so much.”
He seemed to pause. “I know you’re trying to get out of this, Sherlock Holmes. I know you’ve been tracking me with the police. You shouldn’t have done that. Now, I’m going to roll you over.”
“Hm?” Sherlock blinked at the figure on the screen. “Oh. I suppose.” He made note of the streets in the video and stood up, hurrying to the bedroom.
Sherlock held as still as he could while John ran his hand down his ribs and over his hip. “So gorgeous, and all mine.”
He glanced around his small kitchen. He'd always had a knack for baking. He had fond memories of sitting on the countertop in his grandmother's kitchen, watching her sift flour and pour sugar and lay out sweet bread dough. She'd taught him how to break an egg and how check if a cake was raw on the inside and how to pinpoint by sight the exact moment a pie crust was perfectly crisp. Now he was going to be on her favorite television program and he wanted to do her proud. He grabbed an apron, muttering "right" to himself. He had weeks yet before he was to appear in the big white tent but it was never too early to practice.
“John, I’ve just come to see how he is.” Mycroft held up placating hands. John was blocking the hallway, one hand clenched in a fist and the other clutching his gun. His legs were spread and he was glaring from the shadows. Mycroft took a step forward.
now. A bleeding couple. Sherlock drew himself up. The moment John tried to give him an order he was going out the front door on his arse. This was his flat—alone—and no one could tell him what to do.
John clenched his fist and grit his teeth. “That was a mistake.” He muttered. “Sherlock knows about that and he’s fine with it.”
Mrs. Hudson won. Sherlock got second. John was fifth. He was a little saddened by that, but reasoned it was better than being last.
He sat down at the desk. He opened his laptop and began peck-pecking at his blogto document the new case.
"Yes you did, genius. Congratulations." John glanced past Sherlock's shoulder. Mary was standing there, mouth agape. Paul was smiling with pride, clearly trying not to laugh. John distinctly heard Molly say to Greg, "I told you so!"
"Y'know, Johnny," Jim leaned over to him, conversational and bright as they hauled Mot's broken body away, "you could've avoided all this. If not for your stupid vendetta against me, all these people would still be alive. It's selfish of you, Johnny. Just selfish."
Sherlock was only half paying attention to them and his food. He’d set his alarm to go off any moment, then he’d pop over to Coel’s, talk with him, then get back here before John left for the evening. They were nearing the end of the meal and Sherlock knew they would want to sit around and chat afterwards.
“No.” He whispered. John thought he deserved this punishment, and he respected his dom enough to take it even if he didn’t like it.
Sherlock picked up a little cake and took a huge, impolite bite. Powdered sugar puffed up everywhere.
"You are no longer allowed to leave Sherrinford's grounds unattended. You will be confined to the palace and the immediate vicinity and if you must leave, you will be accompanied by a chaperone of my choosing." He spoke it like a decree.
. Sherlock swallowed. The doctor had been…surprising. A small smile flitted onto his lips. John had not only been an excellent assistant but he hadn’t asked too many stupid questions and by the evening’s end, he’d actually
“Oy!” John slammed his mug down and stood up and Sherlock twisted his face out of the sofa, looking at John with wide eyes.
Eastenders was on but he wasn’t really watching. He thought of texting Sherlock but decided he wanted to be alone, even though he felt a little bit lonely and sad. Sherlock could bounce through the door in moments or not until the small hours.
“Took you long enough. I had half a mind to pick the lock.” Sherlock said. He glanced over John, that same sort of appealing sensation uncurling in his chest when he saw the doctor.
"I didn't see either of you helping, thanks very much!" John said. He wasn't really angry. It had been pretty funny.
The highwaymen, the anti-monarchy group John was part of, was formed in response to King Moriarty's utter lack of concern and responsibility for his people. He cared nothing for the denizens of his kingdom and while he ate, drank, partied, and slept in his feather bed, his citizens starved and died sick in jail. It wasn’t right. John had joined the highwaymen in his youth after his uncle had died in Jim’s jails and he hadn’t looked back once. The highwaymen had been a small and scrabbly group when John joined, disorganized and full of angry young people. In the years since then it had grown. Jim had waited too long to begin squashing them and now they were strong. People’s hatred for the King spread like tree roots through Hibern’s lands and bands sprouted up in all parts of the country.
Lestrade whirled around. “You will not argue with me anymore. Either go to Mudd with Sally, or don’t work this case at all.”
“Molly’s not there.” He said to Mike and Betsy. “She never texted him—there were never any results!”
“He’s gone.” Logan cupped Sherlock’s face with his bloody gloved hand. “And before tomorrow you will be too.”
. He would get over it once they returned to Sherrinford. He would forget all about the handsome concubine with the lovely eyes and the fascinating life who was amazing at kissing. Yes. Everything was fine. Fine.
“Henry and Kate, you’re serving the Marquess and Marchioness of Burgundy in the emerald room. Paulette, you’re serving the Baroness Hilma Gustavsson in the diamond rooms…”
The man walked away and Jim stepped aside, nodding for John to enter the chamber. John lifted his chin and walked forward, cladding himself with bravery. He could do this. Jim was just a guest, like all the others he'd attended.
“No, John…” Sherlock tried to lift his arm and failed. He was too weak to move it so he simply pointed at his dom’s leg. John looked down. A short knife handle was poking out of his bloodstained jeans, the blade embedded in his calf.
“You can put it on yourself if you want.” John murmured, fingering the D ring. “But I’m happy to do it too.”
“No.” Sherlock sighed and stretched. The doctor took the bar of soap and lathered it up, then gently smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s arms and chest, getting the semen off. He hissed and put his hands up on the tile when John rubbed the soap over his back.
It took most of the morning to see everyone and by the time lunch rolled around he was low on supplies and feeling nearly cheerful. He put his bag back by his pallet and went to the bathing rooms to take a thorough cold bath. It wouldn't do to catch something someone else had. His thoughts strayed, as ever, back to Sherlock. It had only been two days but after his regular nighttime meetings with the younger man he found he was missing him fiercely. The kisses had been…well, they had been something. He'd never been kissed like that. If Sherlock demanded they fuck, it wouldn't be the worst thing he ever did. He wouldn't though, would he? He promised John he'd never do anything he didn't want.
John stared at his bum, nearly drooling. It was like a ripe peach in those trousers and Sherlock glanced at him over his shoulder. He reached down to scratch his hip, practically groping himself.
Sherlock sniffed. "I told him I'd see him again before I left for back home. I didn't. I wanted to but Mycroft sent me away."
Sherlock obeyed, crawling onto the bed and flopping happily to his sore back. He stared at the ceiling, a warm fuzzy sort of weight in his head that prevented him from thinking too hard about anything. It was nice. John got in the bed then and straddled his face.
"Eure Hoheit! Sherlock!" He heard Violet's voice and galloping hooves behind him. "Oh!" She rode up to his rider-less horse and glanced around. "Wo ist er hin?" She said to herself softly.
“Sure thing.” John walked outside and Sherlock pivoted on his heel, heading back into the restaurant. He headed for the loo, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man. The path to the toilets was discreetly marked and lead Sherlock down a winding hall, past a fire escape door, and into the men’s. Jenkins had given them very little description to go on, but based on his own observations, Chef Logan was a prime candidate. It was very possible the killer wasn’t working tonight or wasn’t even at this restaurant, but he wouldn’t know that without trying.
"What are you watching?" Sherlock muttered from the kitchen. "That's the fourth time you've laughed since turning on that silly thing." He dripped a pipette full of purple liquid onto a glass slide. Sherlock had heard the opening credits of the film, the jingling bells and word "Christmas" repeated over and over. He was hardly a fan of John's type of films, much less sappy holiday ones.
“Fine.” Greg said. “We’re still going to check her out but she’s likely not the killer. She’s about one step away from punching you in the face though.”
“Sherlock.” John called, pouring wine for all of them. The sub sighed quietly and came into the kitchen. He had changed out of his dressing gown, favoring black trousers and a blue shirt John had given him.
He sighed and stood up. There was no way he’d go back to sleep. He was wide awake and without John beside him he wouldn’t be able to anyway. He went out into the kitchen and grabbed his phone, wondering if John would want to sub again. He doubted it somehow. Last time, John hadn't taken off out of the flat after the nightmare. He opened up the text thread he had with John and his thumbs hovered over the keyboard. He couldn’t think of a single thing to say. He put the phone down and went to his violin, placing it on his chin and putting his hands on autopilot.
He washed his hair and simply enjoyed the heat and steam of the water sluicing over his skin. He felt much better by the time he turned the water off and dried. He slipped the gown on again and closed it tight, then walked into the bedroom. The bed was turned down and looked sumptuous and soft. He wandered into the kitchen and found a mug of fresh tea waiting for him. John was in the sitting room, just sort of standing there. It was obvious he had been pacing. Waiting. There was no sign of the cuffs or flogger or that anything had happened at all, just a really sheepish John. Sherlock sipped the tea. It was delicious and touched with sweetness and he drank deep from the mug, enjoying it.
"Yes, yes. Come in. I need you." Sherlock grabbed him by the arm and tugged him inside. Nerves danced up John's chest. Sherlock slammed the door closed behind them and John glanced him over, assessing quick and careful to see what sort of mood the prince was in. He was wearing his silk dressing gown over loose, comfortable clothing. He wasn't sweating or stiff in his silky soft trousers. His eyes weren't dilated, his skin wasn't flushed. He wasn’t aroused. John took a deep breath and his nerves subsided. It wouldn't happen right away.
"Yes." He said, slipping it back into the envelope. Isabelle and Alexandra Holmes-Smallwood, aged sixteen (Izzy was older by twelve minutes), attended school on the Continent for most of the year. Izzy was a genius like her father and had inherited his sense of diplomacy, economics, and her mother's social graces. She was well on her way to sit on the Britannian throne and Sherlock thanked the stars every day that it was her, not him, doomed to do so. The tedium of being king would drive him to throw himself into the moat. Isabelle would be an excellent queen.
Sherlock dragged his head up and stared dolefully at Mike. His eyes were pink and bloodshot and he looked weary with exhaustion. He'd been crying.
“It was fun. There’s kind of a lot of old people and if you’re not into boating, your activities are limited, but—”
"I know. I'm going to give you a long leash where you need it, but you need to listen to me and obey me when I step in.” John looked at him meaningfully. “Failing to do so will mean punishment."
John slung a clean loincloth around his hips and got his politest face in place and headed off to the guest rooms, following the attendant like a docile dog. He knocked on the Prince's door and tried to muster a smile when Sherlock pulled it open.
“So you decided the best place was the floor?” Mrs. Hudson scolded. “Sherlock, this silk is expensive!"
Sherlock bit into his other cake and lieu of snapping out a comeback. Arguing more would just make Mycroft angry.
Besides the Gräfin and himself, the guests on the hunt comprised of two other men and Seb. A whole flock of attendants and hunting hounds were with them to carry things and whatnot. Sherlock didn’t bother to learn any of their names. Irrelevant and dull. Group hunts were a large part of monarch-ly bonding. It was chance for royals and nobles to get to know each other and fly potential partnerships and opportunities for mutual growth. The recreational setting made it all appear less serious than it was and the dick-measuring "whose prey is biggest" aspect of it was another chance for people to show off.
"Take these five off, they're done." John pointed at the best looking ones. "May as well take off the er, other done ones as well."
"You said you'd go." John suppressed an eye roll. Lestrade had invited them to the Yard's annual Christmas party. This year they'd rented out a room in a vaguely upscale pub. John was wearing navy jeans and a red button up. Their coats were draped over his forearm.
“Fascinating.” Sherlock kicked the door closed and pulled him into a kiss-hug, cradling the nape of his neck and humming happily. John kissed him hard and dug his hands into his bum cheeks and Sherlock made a surprised “mph!” noise.
“Are you hungry?” John asked. He looked at the clock on the bedside table, realizing he had no idea what time it was. They had eaten the Chinese ages ago now, but something light would be prudent.
When John had scrubbed and washed every conceivable surface of Sherlock's back, he cleared his throat. "That's clean, then."
“Being nice won’t make someone more competent.” Sherlock snapped the phone closed. John took it back, miffed again at Sherlock’s rude behavior.
Sherlock threw himself over John’s thighs and sighed when his dom added more cool lotion to his backside.
He rocked on the stool, the pleasure at his front mixing with the pain on his bottom. He took a breath and the pen slipped out of his hand as his cock twitched happily in his hand.
Sherlock took the headband and placed it squarely on his head as if he were a king donning his crown. "Much."
John lifted his head, his expression open. He tried not to laugh. “Yes? Do you have an answer for me?”
Their guests were soon knocking on the door. Spaghetti noodles tossed with Parmesan crusted scallops and wilted spinach were sitting in a bowl on the table. Garlic bread was warming in the oven and Sherlock was staring at his case notes pinned to the wall.
The corner time last night had been tedious as all hell, but afterwards, once John had gone to bed, he’d made a nice big space in one of the parlors in his palace for this case. He’d stashed all the relevant information about the limbs before passing out on the sofa for the night. This morning, after kissing John goodbye and watching him head for the Tube to get to the clinic, he’d also jotted physical notes on yellow lined paper and pinned then up on the black and ivory wall in B’s sitting room above the sofa. Fortunately John hadn’t insisted on a ridiculous punishment that would have taken even more time today. The case, The Work, was first priority now.
“Please.” John added. She nodded and went to a cabinet, unlocking it. “Be nice.” John muttered. “She’s trying to help.”
"I hope not." Greg said. "He sounds like a strong person." He squeezed Molly reassuringly. "He has to be to have put up with Sherlock his whole visit, right?"
“The murder realized that fifteen milligrams was too high. But evidently two milligrams wasn’t enough to keep Jenkins sedated long enough to kill him. He wasn’t supposed to wake up.”
“Jesus…” he flopped back down into the pillows and mentally cataloged his surroundings. His bedsit. Nighttime. It was quiet—silent, really. This was a quiet part of town. No threats. He took a few calming breaths and sat up again, slowly, rubbing his hands over his face. That had been…vivid. He stood up and grabbed his cane in one hand and his Sig in the other. He went to the front door, checking the lock again. Still bolted tight. He shuffled to the opposite end of the room and peered through the constantly closed drapes. The yellow streetlight flooded the pavement. A fox trotted by, melting into the night. John closed them again and went to the kitchen and drank a glass of water, wondering why the hell he had dreamed about Sherlock Holmes. He hadn’t seen or heard from the sub in three weeks, why was he suddenly appearing dead in his dreams?
John found his prostate and his fingers danced a trilling rhythm over it. He worked his tongue over the slit in Sherlock’s cock and the sub rutted into his throat.
“How did it die?” Sherlock asked. He squinted at the writing on the side of the page, mouthing the unfamiliar words.
"He's a good guy." Mike assured him as they walked. "He really is, but just…don't get offended, yeah?"
“Sherlock!” Lestrade growled. The sub sobbed harder and Sherlock turned away from her as Donovan came over, putting her arm around the girl and casting a nasty look at Sherlock.
He shifted in his seat, resting the back of his closed fist against his mouth as he watched Independence Square fly by out the taxi window. In a way he felt a bit pathetic, having experienced none of this kind of thing until his age, but he had John now and it was better late than never.
"It's not uncommon for arrows to be poisoned.” John said, thinking aloud moreso than imparting new information. "There's loads of things that can be used as poison: milkweed, oleander, mulberry, monkshood." He shrugged. "That's just a few. There's also animal poison, but I'm less familiar. Snake venom, spiders, sea creatures, I've heard too. See here how the color is blotchy?" He held it out to Sherlock, who nodded patiently. "I've seen this a thousand times. These darker blotches are stain from the poison, whatever it is. Impossible to tell now." John said. He set the arrow head down and removed the glove.
"Grin and bear it. Then you can come home and delete it all. I’ll bake you that sticky ginger cake you like so much.”
"I could manage private events. Maybe wedding favors or cakes. I give what I make now to the homeless or neighbors. Whoever wants it."
“Roll over, please, Sherlock.” He infused as much command as possible into the request and Sherlock nodded. He rolled, slowly, and sprawled belly-down on the cushion.
He sighed and sipped the last of his coffee, walking back up to B. He didn’t want to entertain the possibility that Sherlock would tell him to leave. To never come back. Sherlock was….well, Sherlock was it, as far as he was concerned. He imagined growing old together and it made him smile. It made him
Sherlock was shaking his head. “No family to speak of and I’ve spoken with the acquaintances. Sandra had a dom girlfriend, Jamie Wheeler, but attempts to contact her have been unsuccessful. I’ll go to Jamie’s home again.” Sherlock slipped on his gloves, “maybe she’s returned.”
never wanted to dominate anyone. He had no real world experience with actually feeling the urge to flip dynamics the way John did. He’d been born a submissive and he’d always enjoyed the way he was able to manipulate dominants to get favors in school and later in life, for case evidence or drugs. He might have vaguely wondered at times what it would be like to dominate someone, the same whimsical way one would wonder what it was like to be able to fly. He found the stillness of submission helped with brainwork. It was almost a meditative thing for him.
“I asked you to spend the night and now I have to leave. If you want to go back to your flat, I understand.”
Wet thuds and slaps popped behind him and Sherlock took a deep breath, willed his legs to work, tried to stand, and then promptly slipped down the table and collapsed on the area rug. John picked Logan up off the floor and then threw him back-first into the hardwood. Sherlock stared in surprise. Logan was at least six inches taller than John—and fairly muscular too. His forehead was scraped up and his nose mangled from meeting the table. John’s face was twisted and almost frightening as he methodically and brutally took Logan down. The chef swung a fist, trying to fight back, but John caught his hand and wrenched it, easily breaking his wrist in a crunch of bone. Logan howled.
He glanced up at the window, not seeing a swishing curtain. He entered with his key and went up the steps, pausing on the landing. No odd smells. No flurry of movement. He opened the door, surprised that Sherlock hadn’t locked it once he realized who was coming, and stood in the doorway. The curtains were closed. The shades in the kitchen were drawn. The telly was off and the fireplace was unlit. The flat was as dark as it could be in midday and there was his brother, in pajamas and a dressing gown, laying sprawled on the carpet as if he had passed out in a faint.
"Of course." Sherlock nodded and stepped back as if  he'd been the one inconveniencing John. He unpacked the rest of Sherlock's things.
Greg arrived outside the restaurant ten minutes later in an unmarked police car. A couple other cars pulled up with him and a few plainclothes officers John didn’t recognize jumped out and went inside. Lestrade found John pacing restlessly, looking at his phone.
“Okay.” John let himself inside and Sherlock leaned on the white tile brick beside B’s door. His leash dangled down his torso and he could hardly keep the grin off his face. He was collared! He’d never ever once seriously considered that he would want to be collared. Even today, though he’d been excited, he hadn’t anticipated purchasing. The collar, this one, felt right. It felt good on his throat and the weight of the leash was pleasing. The soft look of awe and pride and joy on John’s face when he saw him in the mirror would be etched into his mind palace forever. He was happy, really and truly.
was another part of it. John was giving him control. John had been giving him complete control this whole time. The safeword insistence, the quiet request that he undress that one night. Even when he wanted tea, he
He strode towards the kitchen again and Sherlock’s cock jerked. His bottom was so warm and tender—and who knew that John scolding him would be so delightful? He shifted his fingers down and played with himself, touching his cock and rubbing the base of it. He never ever would have thought that a dominant scolding him would be arousing, not after all Seb’s volatile shouting. A quick grin tugged at his mouth as he realized once again how startlingly different the doctor was to his old dom. John would never shout abuse at him and the reassurance, confident and clear, was like a balm.
John paid the cab driver and got out of the car in front of Lestrade's building, setting his suitcase on the pavement and striding inside, pulling the case along behind with one hand while with the other he dashed out a text on his phone:
John thought for a moment. The paddle wasn’t happening, that was certain. In fact, he wasn’t in the mood for any kind of hitting or impact scene and didn’t think Sherlock deserved it. He was still mellow from the sex and his back was sore. The less he could swing his arms, the better. He smiled to himself and thought of the perfect penance for his sub.
John stood outside Moriarty's wide wooden suite doors. They were ostentatious and huge, inlaid with curls of gold. Thick too. Jim had lots of enemies he needed protection from. John was staring at the doors, trying to distract his mind, trying not to tremble. He'd taken the nasty meds to relax, prepared his body, and done everything he could. The guard who'd escorted him knocked and the door was hauled open. Jim stood there in a deep green dressing gown. He smiled at John.
He was surprised when John came over to him, knelt before him on the hard tile, and hugged him ferociously around the legs. Sherlock rested his free hand in his dom’s hair and looked down at him.
The door opened downstairs and one of Sherlock’s ears twitched, listening. Footsteps sounded on the landing and he focused back on his wall. It was John, coming up slowly. If he had been stomping back up, Sherlock would know he was still pissed off. These footsteps were quiet and hesitant. He likely was regretting the shouting and possibly thinking of what to say. The door to the sitting room opened and a sheepish John came through. He glanced up at Sherlock.
“Good. I could have brought some from the office, but I hoped you would have what we needed. Have you ever worn nipple clamps?”
“Ah!” Sherlock kicked his legs out. John knew that telling Sherlock to not be rude was like trying to keep the sun from rising, but it was good to remind him now and then
Sherlock did and he followed his dom down the hall to the loo. John ran a warm bath and helped his sub into the tub. The groan of pleasure from Sherlock’s mouth as he slipped into the steaming water was obscene and John took a deep breath as his brain pumped some more happy dom chemicals into his body. Sherlock was deep in subspace. He felt good and it was because John had put him there. Blue eyes peered up at him plaintively and he held out his hand. John crouched outside the tub and kissed his palm.
His jaw muscles burned a bit, but that was okay. He went back to the bed and dropped the bottle in the box. Sherlock was blinking slowly at the ceiling.
John was different though, hadn’t he come to terms with that an age ago? He bit down on the ball as John moved the flogger down to his arse. He swatted his bare cheeks and Sherlock clenched and grunted after each whack. The pain of it was getting pretty sharp and hot tears filled his eyes. He blinked them away and then suddenly, he couldn’t breathe. He blinked again and reflexively inhaled through his mouth. Nothing got past the gag and the tears spilled out of his eyes.
"Thank you. Fingers are slightly frozen but it went well enough." Sherlock handed John the violin. He gripped the neck, careful not to drop it on the concrete, as Sherlock crouched and picked the money out of the case. He replaced the violin and bow and stood, swinging the case across his back and cradling the hot cup in his cold hands.
He finally managed to not fidget or moan for the next whole six minutes and John stood up from his computer and stood beside him. “Time’s up.”
Sherlock got up and they both put on dressing gowns and headed for the kitchen table. John fished the packages of food out of the bags and Sherlock got them both forks, forgoing dishes. They could just eat from the containers. It’s not like they were worried about sharing germs. John popped the lid off the plastic ravioli box and breathed in the savory scent of cheese and tomato sauce and perfectly cooked pasta. He stabbed a piece of spinach and cheese ravioli and popped it into his mouth, groaning in pleasure.
that person anymore. This was nothing like that. He’d been upset and he’d gone too far but Sherlock didn’t need emergency care. He swore at himself. He loved Sherlock. He loved this mad submissive genius and he might have messed everything up with tonight. He hadn’t moved in yet, though the date was nigh. If Sherlock didn’t want him anymore after tonight, he would have to live with that. It would hurt like hell and it would be all his fault.
The man turned to him and smiled. His crystal blue-green eyes glanced him up and down. "I suppose." His shoulder went up in a shrug.
“Why do you think I’ll hurt him?” Sherlock blinked as Logan lifted the bloodied knife away. Warmth dripped, pooling under his back.
He lifted up and sank down and John grabbed his thighs and lifted his own hips to piston up into him. “Fuck, Sherlock, I want to throw you on the floor and take you from behind. I want to grind into you and fill you and make you beg for more.”
“Come on.” John brought him to the bedroom and opened his box. Sherlock watched dubiously as his dom pulled a bundle of thin silky black ropes up into the light. He came over to his sub, unraveling the bundle, and crouched before him. He was eye level with his cock and appeared to be contemplating. John shook out the rope and wrapped it around his hips.
"There's a toothbrush in the drawer in the loo." Greg said. He looked at Sherlock, slumped against the doorjamb like a corpse and staring longingly at the bed. He looked ready to fall on his face. "Or you could just change and sleep."
John‒and there was nothing he could do. What was the point of being a prince if he was too helpless to even save this one man? The only man who'd ever meant anything to him? Tears filled his eyes, and not for the first time. He ached. He ached for John and his loss.
"I have to go‒really." John broke away, anguished, and turned for the door, hurrying out of the room before it really was too late.
on this investigation, and Lestrade went back to the kitchen. Sherlock paced out the front door and hailed a cab. He’d get there early. He needed to interview those mechanics
“Yes, hello to you to.” Lestrade began, “You’re welcome for bringing you to the crime scene.” He rolled his eyes. “Captain Rose and his crew were heading upstream when he noticed something in the water.”
“Yes,” Sherlock stroked his arm, “but you’re here now and I won’t be hurt anymore. Now get these off of me. I need to wash the bloody hospital away.”
"John, sleep there." Sherlock said kindly. "I think about four people could fit in that bed. Go. I insist. You can assist me in the morning."
The judges and hosts came out to more applause. Mary was holding the glass cake stand. Paul and Mel and Sue clutched massive pink and yellow bouquets of flowers. John snuck around towards the edge of the crowd, standing just past Sherlock's family.
Sherlock did, taking a deep breath. His brain was flying, taking in sensations and emotions, cataloging and remembering for his log.
John crept up to him and kissed his cheek. “Get in the bedroom and I’ll make you forget your own name, darling.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hip.
“I would.” John said. “I like when my subs wear collars. I like wearing them myself, so I know. Maybe you wearing a collar will help me to stop being such a jealous and controlling arse. A couple of my less savory traits.”
"Of course." John shut the fridge. "It's her fault. Or it's my fault. It's never yours. You can never just admit you're wrong and fix it and move on."
Mycroft set his cup down in the saucer with an angry clatter. "It sounds like you have a tight grip on your concubines." He said airily.
“I think that’s best.” Sherlock said, clearing his throat and picking up where he left off on his laptop. John took up his empty mug, feeling a pang at Sherlock’s abrupt dismissal.
"What happened while I was away?" He picked up another letter, his lip curling in distaste when he saw who it was from.
John paused his strokes, his hand on Sherlock's arse. "You know what I mean, cheeky." He said. He felt Sherlock smile against him.
The servant's jaw clenched and Sherlock could see him putting his polite face on. "John will likely be unfit for service once his current appointment concludes. It will be very late and‒"
Sherlock woke up the next morning, blinking at the glow of sunlight on his curtain covered windows. He closed his eyes and sighed into the pillow. When had his bed become so comfortable? So soft. His bones were jelly. It was like he was on a rising cocaine high, but without all the tedious side effects like twitching and sweating. How had he never noticed before just how cozy his bed was? He stretched mightily before collapsing in a doughy boneless heap in the satin soft sheets. He always felt good after a case, but this was better. Not just post-case good and satisfied, but he actually content. What had happened? Something had happened. He frowned, thinking back to last night—
“Because I didn’t tell you about this.” Sherlock gave him a nervous smile. “That was pretty rude of me.”
John Watson stumped along the busy pavement on a damp, cloudy morning in London. Passersby streamed around him on either side, occasionally muttering “sorry” and “excuse me” as they jostled him, trying not to get bags or leashes or briefcases caught on his cane. John had given up verbally accepting their excuses and he focused on taking one slow step after another, setting the cane down on the concrete, stepping, and lifting it again. Wash, rinse, repeat. Flashes of the war interrupted his daily thoughts. Not as badly as they did at night, but the roar of a bus or the shouting of pedestrians was enough to make the terrible memories of blood and death and violence froth to the surface. He’d force them back under and keep walking.
“I warned you that the box is off limits.” John said, gently tapping his balls. Sherlock shuddered and lifted his bum. “But like a naughty thing, you didn’t listen and now I have to discipline this pretty arse.” John patted his cheeks again. “Lower, please.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, but he came sweeping back down the hall with his phone, stabbing out a harsh text and slamming the ‘send’ key. Moments later, the phone rang.
I've been working on my current WIP. It's an historical AU set in a timeline similar to our own. I thought it might be fun to throw a holiday ficlet (or two. Or three. We'll see how this goes) into that world. In this setting, without giving too much away, Sherlock is a prince and John is a commoner. They meet and become very close. Some countries have different names in this AU. Ireland is called Hibern, for example. England is Britannia.
“Out. You can work on your bloody case uninterrupted.” John threw his jacket on and thundered down the steps. What a load of bullocks! Sherlock wanted to go traipsing about after deranged murderers and
He was pulling his keys out of his pocket when he noticed the familiar figure sitting at one of the tables outside Speedy’s. Mike Stamford raised a hand and stood up. “Sherlock!” His voice was cheery and Sherlock paused.
John paused. If he said no, Jim might do something worse than kill him. If he said yes, Jim probably would kill him. "No." He said after a beat.
Sherlock kept talking. “Your victim—what’s left of him—is male and clearly Caucasian. Young-ish too, likely under 35 or 40.”
Sherlock crept through the empty, dim foyer, glancing into the tidy kitchen. Bartender, celiac—judging by the brand of bread left on the counter top. A soothing pink-toned bottle of Sedix was on the counter as well. Sealed. Not taking the suppressants then. He stopped to rifle through the mail on the end table, mostly bills addressed to Ms. Wheeler. A sudden thud from the direction of the back door made him freeze, and he looked up just in time to see the dom in question push into her home. Their eyes met briefly, and Sherlock could tell instantly from the tight set of her shoulders and blaze of rage in her brown eyes that she was most definitely in Defense. She looked awful—unwashed hair, a baggy wrinkled Mickey Mouse sweatshirt, pajama bottoms with a hole in the knee. He sniffed the air as it breezed in from the open door, carrying her scent with it. She’d been outside for a smoke, that was certain, and if the visual cues weren’t enough, the unmistakable, vaguely yeasty musk of Defense filled his nostrils. It was a smell that meant ‘stay away. Very, very far away.’ Sherlock, unfortunately, was not very far away.
Sherlock nodded. The case was more or less solved, and he took some small satisfaction from that. "You're coming to mine tonight?" Greg came up to him, pulling keys out of his pocket.
They didn't have time to say more, as the cameras turned on, the crew disappeared, and the show began. The first step, of course, was the signature bake. John listened to Sue and Mel with a stupid smile on his face as they explained that the first week's theme was pies and tarts.
it. It was subtle, but it was something. The Gordian knot of feelings loosened a little more and he squirmed, shoving the tangled thing into a box in his palace.
"No." He muttered. He wasn't about to tell her about the arrow. As he got closer she froze, eying the soaked mud all over him.
“Love you too.” Sherlock waved and the door slammed. He headed up the steps and tossed his coat off. Despite all the information Jenkins had given, he didn’t think much progress had been made at all. He made a cup of tea and lay down on the sofa, reclining into his ‘thinking pose’ and visiting his palace. An hour later, he stood and typed up notes, hitting ‘print’ so he could put them up on the wall above the sofa.
In Jim's absence, his toady Sebastian Moran was leading the hunt. Seb was a bully like Jim and they’d been friends in school.  Sherlock remembered clearly the two boys huddling together and ganging up to attack unsuspecting prey. Sherlock could fight Jim one on one, but not the two of them together.
John crept forward on his hands and knees. It was easier that way. Not as far to fall if he came across more stairs.  The grit and grime of a long abandoned place dirtied his palms. The floor might have been made of wood but it was so old and chilled it was hard to tell. He moved towards the light and peered down. The crack was too small to see anything through, but if he tilted his head he could just barely hear voices. Shouting. Amidst the shouting was the sound of breaking glass and fists slamming furniture.
"Oh you!" She swatted lightly at his shoulder. "Going out at all hours of the night! You need to be more careful‒you're the Prince! It isn't decent."
John came to the doorway and his eyes widened when he saw Sherlock was naked in a big tub of steaming water. "Oh, um, good evening." John straightened up and looked directly at the wall of the far side of the bathroom. "How may I be of service, Sherlock?"
“I’ve waited far too long.” Jim mused. They burst into a bedroom and Jim hauled him forward and shoved hard. John stumbled into the bench at the end of the big bed. Jim was on him like a spider, pressing him hard against the cushioned seat, shoving his face into the fabric, pinning him with his hips, groping and grabbing.
John appeared in the doorway. He licked his lips and watched Sherlock jack himself off, his lips pink and wet and his eyes closed in pleasure. “Holmes!” He snapped. “What the hell are you doing?!”
“I know. You always want all the answers. There’s just better ways to go about finding said answers. If you had Lestrade with you and if I was aware of the situation, it would have been fine. If you had me with you, it would have been fine. Better, anyway.”
A few seconds later, Mycroft’s phone beeped. He pulled it out of his jacket and John watched him frown at the screen, then roll his eyes.
“After I finish cropping you, gorgeous, I’ll let you blow me.” John slipped the crop out of his mouth. Watch yourself take it.” John commanded. Sherlock nodded, watching with wide eyes as John lifted the crop and snapped it against his thigh. The little shock of pleasure-pain burst across his face and John almost came from the sight alone. He fisted his hand in Sherlock’s hair, holding him steady and facing his reflection as he snapped the crop across his back and his thighs a few times. More tears coursed down his face and he jerked his hips at every blow. John loosened his hold in his hair, petting his head again.
"Let me see." John's voice was firm and soft. Sherlock offered his injured hand, completely trusting. He peeled away the towel and the camera wedged it's way in. Mel was right beside them. There was a shallow, long cut right below the thumb on his left hand that curved up the side of his wrist.
Next up was the technical challenge, and they were going to make Mary's Apricot Brioche tart. After Sue and Mel kicked Paul and Mary out of the tent, John read the ingredients:
Sherlock hummed and John felt the reverberations through his back. Sherlock’s own wallet appeared in his vision and John’s neck flushed pink when warm breath tickled his jaw. He opened the wallet and firmly handed Mrs. Hudson the money and tried to push his sub away. Sherlock hugged him and John rolled his eyes.
It was Sherlock. The Prince saw him watching, blinked, and stayed at the window coaxing that amazing melody into the light.
“Come on.” John helped him up and they mutually slipped under the blankets. Sherlock curled into him, wrapping his arms around his ribs and burying his face in his shoulder, sliding his leg between his dom’s knees.
They descended a low hill and John saw Castle Chilgrave in the not-far distance. The seat of the Moriarty dynasty sprawled grey and spiky. It backed up to the Iron Sea, an icy, tumultuous channel that separated Hibern and its nearest neighbor, Britannia. Even from here John could hear the waves crashing on the rocks. The air had a humid, clammy feel to it and out the window, the trees and long grasses were covered in a grey-green fuzz. The hazy clouds overhead did nothing to make the castle look more cheerful. The dense woods to the south of the castle were dark and misty. John, thirsty, tired, hungry, and sore from his bounds, stirred in his seat. Fear danced up his belly. He didn't want to go to Chilgrave.
A cloak in a deep dark teal green color of a much higher quality than the cheap brown hessian one he wore to the Barrens draped around his shoulders. This was impervious to water. Mrs. Hudson had a hand in its making and he liked the way the color looked on him. He grabbed the heavy brown boots John had put aside last night and sat on a low stool to put them on.
“Where is it?” Sherlock said, getting into the front seat and slamming the door behind. The car smelled like coffee, cool fresh air, and Lestrade’s cologne.
Sherlock shivered and bucked up, bracing his hands on the mattress as he came all over his dom’s belly and chest. He was only vaguely aware of the wet heat spurting up into his body as John came inside of him seconds later. They sat there, panting, and Sherlock felt the ejaculate slip out of him. He shivered, canting his hips down to get more of John in him.
“How are you feeling?” John came over to the desk and kissed his forehead and Sherlock smiled softly.
He jumped up the steps and strode straight into the kitchen, flipping the half full kettle on and grabbing a mug. He rubbed his hands together and blew on his fingers as the water boiled.
The other officer patted his friend's arm in a sort of "forget about him and let's go," gesture. The angry officer shot a glare at John and they moved off. He let out a short breath of relief, glad for his narrow escape. He didn't want to have to have yet another ASBO expunged from his record. It wasn't until they were out of the park that Greg and Sally tumbled out from behind the fountain, laughing their arses off. Sherlock stood up, laughing too but not nearly as hard as Greg and Sally.
John braced his hand on the floor to get up to his feet. He found the bit of wood that had fallen and when he got back into the storage room, he pushed the door closed and fit the wood back in place. The terrifying gravity of what he’d overheard was starting to weigh on him. He could eavesdrop on the King. What sorts of things could he learn? What if he was caught?
"Dammit, John." Sherlock stepped back and rubbed his hand through his damp hair. It reminded him of John's hands in his hair in the bath and he let his hand fall to his side.
The day after the new year, a link went up on "The Science of Deduction" titled "Measuring the Wonder of the Season."
“Of course you are.” John pushed the door open with his foot and Sherlock fell out of his arms into the bed. “Mmmm…” He snuggled down in the sheets, his unbuttoned shirt flying open. John watched him curl up, his breaths going slow and deep in moments. He felt himself grinning like an idiot as he stood over the bed and watched him sleep. His cock was heavy in his pants and a sort of pooling tingling sensation was circling in his hips. His inner dom was telling him to
Dee had the same eyes as her sister, big and deep brown. Up close, he could tell she was a match to the photo Mel had given him, though Dee had dyed her hair a startling blonde. She  stared at him with iron hard eyes. "Well?"
"You don't need to be so formal." Sherlock drawled. "I think we've had enough conversation to put us past that tediousness." Sherlock had no real reason to bring John up here other than he wanted the company. He asked, "have you anymore ideas about the arrow? Can you add anything to your list?
“It won’t happen!” Sherlock howled. “Ulgh.” He sank to the sofa and gripped the sides of his head. “This is so asinine—this is just what Sebastian used to do. He’d try to refuse me cases too—I’m done with that, John. I’m done with doms trying to control my life.”
“See if you can move.” John said. Sherlock shifted, a shy grin on his face. The ropes barely gave and he grunted, failing to shimmy free. He tried to twist around but all he managed was a few half hearted squirms and he looked up at John with something like pure happiness on his face. John stared for a few more moments, committing the image of Sherlock Bound and Happy to his memory.
"I'm sorry, John." Sherlock said, feeling woefully, stupidly ignorant. "I shouldn't have said that. I'm sure he was a wonderful man."
John watched him stare at the screen and a peculiar expression came over his sub’s face. It was like he’d seen a ghost. John could swear he paled a shade and he slammed out a short reply, then stuffed the machine back in his pocket.
“You are nothing!” Jim snarled. “You’re just a whore. A useless whore who will spend the rest of his days rotting in the herana. There will be no peace for you, John.” He twisted John’s arm and he groaned as the bones ground together. His damaged muscles screamed in protest. Jim shoved him away and John skittered off. His eyes were wet and his shoulder was on fire. His whole left arm was heavy, trembling and tingling.
Sherlock glanced up at John, a sort of apologetic relief coming over his face. The stranger dropped the leash and John strode over to his sub’s side, getting between the two of them. He crossed his arms and tilted his head back, staring the dom down.
Sherlock pulled back and started undressing. John watched, nearly struck dumb. A sort of giddy horny heat was looping around inside of him as Sherlock got naked before him and tossed his clothes aside. He got on the bed on his front and spread his knees. He grabbed a pillow and looked over his shoulder and bit his lip. “Please, John?”
The door opened down the corridor and he pressed up against the bars, watching Lestrade amble towards him with a less than impressed expression on his face.
Mycroft hummed. "No surprise there." He picked up his napkin and laid it primly on his lap. His plate was filled with a bit of each food item, save the cakes, and heavy on the fruit. "Are you alright?" He asked. He picked up his fork.
“He’d better be. Give me one moment.” John got out of the cab and went back inside, a not so good feeling in his chest. The hostess looked up at him.
The doctor was stricken for a moment at the quiet, honest admission. “Someone should.” He said fondly.
“For the rest of that summer we, well I’d say ‘played’ but it was really just a lot of me on my knees and her leading me around on a leash and collar, bossing me around and spanking me with a pink hairbrush when I disobeyed. We kissed and touched but didn’t really do much more than that—hell, we didn’t even know what we were doing at all. I was happy though. I had a collar on my neck and I could stare at her arse as she walked in front of me. It wasn’t until I had just started at Uni that I found someone I wanted to dom.” John went quiet, knowing Sherlock didn’t care for long-winded ramblings.
“So I wake up and there’s a guy in this place with me.” He swallowed. “He had a black mask on, so I didn’t see his face. He had knives. I was tied down.” He added quietly. “There was a lot of blood. He looked over at me and came to me with a knife.”
Sherlock recognized the voice instantly, despite the slight muffling of the mask. “Why, Logan? Why do all this?”
John went for his bag. He handed her a fabric pouch containing the aromatic, woody scent of grass and spices. "Here's a compress for your tender bits. Soak it in warm water, put it between your legs. I'll refill it every night with fresh meds, just give it to me or Molly."
She seemed satisfied and she produced a key, unlocking his bonds and taking the chains away with her.
When John went back to the petting he relaxed, going boneless and trusting over his lap. It was fun and silly, of course it was—that was mostly the point, but John wanted to gauge his reactions too. He knew Sherlock could take the crop like a champ—and John loved how much he loved it. Seeing him leaned up against the fireplace with his body all dashed with crimson slashes was beautiful. Feeling him over his thighs though, vulnerable and naked, his weight and his warmth and being able to smell him and touch him all over like this was delicious. To see how he liked getting stroked and slapped and to see how much of John’s hands he could take.
Sherlock blew through the front door to 221B, shoving the black door shut against the howling wind. He took a deep breath of the warm air in the foyer before he began peeling his leather gloves off his fingers. A crash and a muttered cuss word drew his attention to 221C's open door. Curious, he hung up his coat and stepped into the open doorway to listen. The sounds of scraping cardboard and John muttering to himself floated up the stairs. Sherlock went down and found John bent over a plastic tote box labeled 'x-mas stuff' in black marker.
John smiled for a second at the brutally honest omission, quickly covering his face with his hand. He schooled his expression after a moment and snapped back at him. “Get up! And get your hand out of your pants!”
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly. Sunlight was streaming through the curtains and he was warm and soft and cozy in his bed. They slept the whole night? He hadn’t meant for that to happen.
Sherlock went up the steps and into the flat. John was in the loo. He went to the bedroom and hid the envelope under the bed where John never looked.
"Five minutes, bakers!" Sue was yelling the announcement all too soon and John eyed his golden crust through the oven door. Thirty more seconds and it would be done. Then he just had to sprinkle some powdered sugar and cinnamon on top of the creamy beige tart and it would be ready. He glanced over and saw Molly kneeling by the oven as well, staring at her bake. She glanced at John and smiled. "I told myself I wasn't going to be one of those nuts that got on the floor and stared into their ovens, well…" she gestured over herself and shrugged. "here I am."
He nodded, even as his heart melted into his stomach and all the blood in his veins turned to fizz. Molly gasped and he felt Mrs. Hudson's hand on his shoulder.
Mycroft raised a brow at Sherlock. Crumbs were falling off the cake onto the thousand year old oak table. Sherlock chewed, sucked his teeth of jelly, and stared at his King.
“Black plague?” He blurted, his lips curving into a smile. The light in his teal eyes was positively joyous, and John gave a mental sigh of relief. “You gave me infected blood?”
The waiter came back and asked if they had any questions about anything. John had questions alright, but he wasn’t going to grill the man about prawns and gribiche dressing and expose his own naivete. There was a note at the bottom of the menu that encouraged patrons to ask the chef to tailor any of the listed options to their personal liking, something John noticed that Sherlock seemed keen on taking advantage of.
"No, no doctors, no anyone." Sherlock protested. He allowed himself to be pulled upright in her strong, capable hands. His stomach was roiling and his muscles twitched, like he'd swam up and down the Thames thirty times.
Ulgh! Company? Eating and chatting and…sitting? Sherlock whined into the floor and banged the ball of his foot against the rug. His mood darkened at the prospect of sudden social interaction.
The merchant picked up his white piece and moved it carefully to a different point on the board. He set it down with a grunt of satisfaction and the crowd murmured amongst themselves. Coins jangled as people changed their bets. Sherlock stared the man in the eye, smiled, and shifted his black piece. He broke one of his own mills to capture the merchant's last white piece and when he picked it up, the crowd broke into applause. Sherlock smiled as unwashed hands slapped his shoulders in congratulations. The merchant scowled at the board, trying to figure out where he went wrong.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Jenkins’ observations were unreliable since he’d been drugged. All these things could have been hallucinated. He growled and rolled off the sofa, stomping into the kitchen. He needed the case to digest in his palace for a bit. He wanted to focus on something else, something that was anything else. His microscope held no appeal so he pulled out his violin. He’d played all of one song, sawing badly at the strings, before throwing it aside in annoyance. That wasn’t working either. Reading? Boring. Telly? God no. Journal entry? There was no new data to add. He wanted to bother John but he was at work for…Sherlock looked at his phone. Another hour. He made a face and threw the phone on the table. He stormed into the kitchen and made himself some toast. It tasted like dust in his mouth. Groaning, he flopped to the sitting room floor in a tangled heap. This stupid case was annoying. John wasn’t here and that was annoying. He could hear the telly next door and that was annoying too. He rolled onto his back and stared at the ceiling. Some bullet holes would look nice up there. He couldn’t be arsed to get up and get the gun though, so he lay there in a tragic fit of sulky ennui.
“I’ll get you something…” To his surprise, Logan left the room. Sherlock looked around. A table and chairs were pushed to one wall. The fireplace in the corner. The curtains were drawn and clipped closed, ensuring no one on the outside could see in. He yanked at the restraints, but he was tied with rough knotted rope that was fastened to metal rings drilled into the walls. He wouldn’t slip out of this anytime soon.
“Suck me.” He said. Sherlock opened his mouth and happily took John’s length in. He moaned when he felt the leather tug on his cock, pulling it up. Sherlock sucked harder and within moments John was coming in long spurts into his mouth, thrusting in a shallow rhythm.
The side of Sherlock’s mouth went up in a grin. “Sentiment.” He swigged more water and rubbed his temple.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. “It was a gift.” He glanced at John, who was looking stormy on the other side of the table. Logan left after a few more moments with Sherlock’s specialized order and a request for a bottle of wine.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s voice was absent and he didn’t glance up from the sheaf of papers he was reading. “Are you going to be like this the whole trip?”
John’s dominant side couldn’t let go. This was a hurting sub—an interesting fellow too (seriously, who invented their own job?). He wanted to find out what was wrong. He wanted to make Sherlock’s pain go away. Betsy wasn't the only one who was worried about him. John picked up his phone a week after the dinner, texting Mike.
“John, I can’t let you kill him. If you kill him, that’s jail time and Sherlock’s going to need you after this. I can turn a blind eye to that cabbie, but this? No. Take the pills.”
John wasn’t hearing it. “You could have been out there killed and dead somewhere with some lunatic chopping up your insides!” He took a breath. “I was so
He trotted to the wardrobe and grabbed a thick cashmere and wool pair of Sherlock’s winter socks, stuffing his feet into the warmth. He dug around for an undershirt that he knew he had left on one of the cleared shelves. Odd. He could have sworn he left it here. He checked the floor and even under the bed. No matter. He grabbed his terry cloth dressing gown and pulled it over chilled shoulders.
He didn't have time to linger. It was best he left before the fight spilled outside and someone discovered who he was. He trotted to the stable two buildings over and roused the sleepy ostler. He gave the girl a couple groats and she ran into the depths of the stable to retrieve his horse. He didn't take his own royal mount tonight, as the black Friesian would be far too recognizable. She returned with his bland tawny gelding, tacked up and ready to go. He thanked her and gave her another groat.
"Updating."Sherlock said, hopping out of the fireplace. A vial of ash was clutched in his hand and goggled covered his sooty face. "My tobacco ash study is out of date. I want to freshen it up."
Jim started walking away, Sebastian beside him, and John was more or less ignored. He blinked in the watery sunlight. What about his own noose? A horrible thought popped into his head. Jim was cruel and insane enough to have something worse in store for him. His team, God rest their precious brave souls, had gotten off easy.
Sherlock couldn't stop his mind from straying to the unassuming man, the way the firelight had glinted off his hair, the way he looked so determined yet so sad, his respectful posture, the pitch of his voice. Sherlock's thoughts typically spiraled around former cases and potential experiments but somehow now everything circled back to John. Why? What was different? One of his best things was the ability to ignore other people completely. John though had gotten under his skin, had insinuated himself into Sherlock's mind palace as easily as if he'd been invited inside. Rather than be annoyed, Sherlock found it helplessly maddening. It was like John had put a spell on him.
“Mmph.” Sherlock twisted away from the cords. He needed more time to recover between blows. Those little knots really caught in the skin.
Mycroft had been pleased to report that he’d heard how Sherlock had dinner with Princess Janine, his betrothed. Sherlock didn’t bother correcting him.  He had in fact spoken briefly to Janine in the corridor last night but they’d not had dinner.
John grabbed the plug and twisted it and Sherlock squeaked around the gag, yelling out a muffled “ow!”
Sherlock giggled and picked up the menu, asking about various dishes. His voice was pitched slightly higher and the chef leaned over his shoulder, their bodies practically rubbing as he pointed out different things on the menu he could switch.
“I got post from him.” Sherlock stood and went around the bed. John watched him crouch and pull the white envelope out into the light. “Here.”
Greg hummed. “Enough about politics. I have the best girl in the world in bed and here I’m prattling about armies.”
Coel grinned and Sherlock sobered up quickly. “I just can’t believe he’s gone you know? How long were you guys together? It seemed like forever.”
"Hmmm." John rubbed his stubbly cheek into Sherlock's neck. "Lovely tradition. Let's hang it all over the palace so I can kiss you everywhere."
They tucked in hungrily, not saying a word until both plates were empty. Sherlock stood up and took John’s dish, piling it on his own before going to the kitchen. “Thank you.” John called.
They shared a quick kiss before Sherlock hailed a cab. They tumbled into the warmth, giggling as the cabbie drove away.
“It would be great for him to have more people on his side.” Mike said. “Honestly, most people can’t stand him, but you’re a keeper, John. He’d be lucky to have you in his life.”
“Hello, Ella.” John sat in a cream colored armchair and she gathered her notebook, sitting across from him.
Mycroft opened the folded letter and read it. He grunted and shook his head. Sherlock glanced down at the envelope, unable to place the generic, legible print. A scribe's hand, most likely.
Sherlock arched up, hissing in pleasure. It felt good more than it hurt and Sherlock smiled as John scolded him.
"Melissa." Sherlock said. He put the phone on the counter. "She's ever so pleased I located Dee, but significantly less pleased that her sister is apparently a jewel thief." His collar was loose on his neck. John hooked two fingers under it and tugged gently and Sherlock bent his head to kiss him.
When he woke up, the light from the window, tilted open to allow a bracing breeze, was much brighter. Midday at least, his brain supplied. Mike Stamford, Head Healer of Sherrinford Palace, were standing by the crackling hearth fire not paying attention to him. He was talking to—oh god above Mycroft was here. Sherlock closed his eyes. Maybe if he faked being asleep long enough he could prolong the tongue lashing he was sure to receive.
They'd been working on the case all morning. John and Sherlock had arrived at NSY at half eight and they'd been sifting through evidence, making calls, brainstorming, and consuming heroic amounts of coffee when Lestrade finally announced they were all going outside to get some lunch take a well deserved break.
John blinked, a hint of genuine amusement crossing his face before he schooled his features back into something stern. “Oh, you are getting punished for
John had no idea how a man like Sherlock would choose to decorate his flat, but what he saw was somehow fitting. Eclectic, odd, cluttered, and out there were all in the same neighborhood in Sherlock’s weirdly cozy flat. Papers and clothes and
They took the Tube to the first shop on Sherlock’s list. It was a small place that specialized in custom ordering and hand made items that unfortunately didn’t carry much in the way of collars. They perused the glass case, looking at the displayed velvet and suede options. John licked his lips. He’d never bought a collar for a sub before. He’d never wanted to. These were nothing like the cheap play collar Sherlock had worn during his punishment. These were expensive and made to last and John was getting nervous and excited just looking at everything. For the first time, what he had with Sherlock was suddenly shifting into long term. Moving in hadn’t inspired this in him much at all. But the collars? John found he didn’t even look at other subs anymore. Even if he did see someone devastatingly attractive, he didn’t even feel the urge to act on the attraction. His time with Sherlock, even though it had been less than six months, had matured him. This was real and, looking at the collars and the longevity they signified, he wanted it. This wasn’t marriage, yet, but it was serious commitment. He was a sappy romantic sod when it came to stuff like this and he wondered what Sherlock would say if he knew.
“I, I wanted to do reconnaissance work and I planned on telling my homeless network to keep an eye out, once I had a useful description of the suspects.”
“Oh…” Sherlock pulled out, then slid back in. He lay carefully over John’s back and reached around to grab his cock. Everything felt good. Everything
So he put the lotion away and went back to the sitting room where Sherlock was watching his laptop screen intently, his hands steepled under his chin and the USB in the slot on the side of the machine.
"It really only makes sense to use it this month." John said. "And when in Rome…" he gestured vaguely at the bathwater.
Sherlock crouched down again and slipped on a blue glove. “I looks like there’s some knife wounds.” He tilted the stiff, spongy head back and eyed the slitted flesh on the neck.
“No.” John said. “I’m not fucking you when I’m in Defense. Not when you’re injured. It would be too rough.”
Dammit. John went to the loo and flipped on the light. He unfastened and unzipped, shoving his clothes down to his knees. He squirted some lotion into his palm and gently fisted his cock, twisting over the shaft just the way he liked. He loved sex. Hell, what bloke didn’t? He was a bisexual switch and he’d had partners all over the world. He hadn’t earned the name “Three Continents Watson” for nothing. He made a rule in the army that he’d only play with other medics, as fraternizing with subordinates or superiors wasn’t allowed. Sure, people did it, but he’d seen firsthand what kind of damage that could do to morale. When he had furlough too, he’d usually bed a dom or sub in the local town, sometimes indulging both of his dynamics on the same night. People loved his sweet smile and were always pleasantly surprised at the sight of his cock. Male switches typically had bigger genitals and John was no exception.
. It has Michelin Stars.” She looked at the other receipts. “All these places are really high end. Either Owen spent all his beer money on good food, had a trust fund, or he had someone to wine and dine him.”
"That smells amazing." John called to him. Sherlock turned and wandered over to John's counter, eying his creamy tart.
"Tiny fruit pies on sticks. Like cake pops, but pie instead. I'm making apple, cherry, and raspberry. They're great for parties."
They didn’t have much time to play and explore each other that night, or even over the next couple weeks. A Chinese smuggling ring had come to town under the guise of a circus and everything was a whirlwind of spray paint, crates of books, and clues until John was kidnapped and held hostage, tied to chair in a tunnel with a spear on a sand timer aimed at his chest. Sherlock crouched in the shadows, watching with a terror-gripped heart as John struggled back into consciousness and spoke to Shan. He could very feasibly watch John die tonight, and the sheer wave of terror and anger that filled his soul at that thought made him spring from the shadows and distract the smugglers, giving John enough time to maneuver out of the spear’s path.
John beckoned Sherlock with a finger and they went back to radiology. The x-rays were done and both men examined them on the light board.
John’s eyes widened in horror. Sherlock hurried to explain himself. He didn’t like John looking like that. “If I recall, she walked away mostly unharmed. She agreed to be my subject.” He added. “I got my data and I did in fact, suggest remedies for the lingering, er, soreness.”
“Uh, good to see you again.” John nodded at Lestrade, not sure what to say. The officer gave him a lazy salute and a small smile before he turned back to the limbs. John jogged to catch up with his sub. The coroners were now swarming the limbs to pack them into the truck. John trotted after Sherlock, giving the back of his sub’s head a cool glare. The deductions had been brilliant, yes, but his tone and manners and the way he treated Lestrade left a lot to be desired. John was reluctant to give him the tongue-lashing he deserved in front of the people who were essentially his coworkers. Fortunately, they had a flat for that sort of thing.
good.” John said. There were no prices on the menu. The only two options were a list of six vegetarian dishes or six non-vegetarian dishes.
“Uh,” Sherlock scrabbled briefly, “he had a term or two left. I would only see Owen on school breaks. We grew up together, but we grew apart a little as we went off to school and, you know, life happens. I can’t believe he got murdered!” Sherlock wiped more fresh tears away and took an offered tissue box.
“We wouldn’t want it to get damaged.” Logan put the water aside and reached around, unbuckling it and setting it on the floor, away from the tarp. “He can get it back once you’re dead.”
“I have to stretch you.” John said. “You know how big my cock is. If you’re going to take it, it needs to be relaxed in there.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. This is one of the nicest restaurants in London.” They stepped out of the cab on the street in front of the restaurant and John stared up at the subtle dark building, the words
was the concubine Mrs. Hudson had spoken so highly of in her letter. Mycroft had been flabbergasted to find her falcon Leopold roosting in his bedroom, grooming Henri. He’d read the short missive at once, hardly believing it.  Sherlock, devastated over some concubine? It was lunacy. He’d half a mind to toss the note into the fire and forget all about it. He’d stayed his hand, though. Mrs. Hudson wasn’t prone to histrionics and was, as far as he was concerned, essential to Sherlock’s well-being. The woman deserved a knighthood. The note was founded in determination rather than overly-concerned, hand-wringing panic. It was nice to match the man with the note.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Mike, it sounds absurd, but I think he might have put a spell on me. His mum was some kind of amazing healer…"
“Certainly.” She pointed it out and he went down the long hall to the toilets. He entered and found them empty, save a used paper towel beside the bin.
The laptop lid went down and Sherlock turned his head, watching John storm towards him. He grabbed his shoulder, pushed him down, then,
"Oh." He glanced at the dark haired man, studiously laboring over a stencil and ignoring the world. "Oh right. I'm sure it tastes great."
He pushed through the door and went to the sink. The room was all dark marble and buttery yellow light. He pissed and washed his hands, eying his reflection in the mirror. The light glinted off the silver on his collar and he shook his hands of excess water, grabbing a paper towel out of the dispenser. Something shifted in the stall behind him and he whirled around.
“This is fine.” Sherlock broke apart his chopsticks. John passed the time as they waited for their food trying to make his sub laugh. Sherlock grinned a few times and rested his cheek on John’s shoulder.
“Molly said she talked to you yesterday morning.” John took a bite of egg and then offered some to Sherlock.
He went into the foyer and closed the door behind. He shook the envelope. Nothing. Likely it wasn’t a bomb and it didn’t sound like there was powder or anything else in there. It bent easily and Sherlock opened it up. It wasn’t even sealed. He extracted the piece of A4 inside and blinked in horror at the content of the page. It was a collage. And it was from Sebastian. Photos of Sherlock taken from around the city were pasted onto the paper and little cutouts of hearts were surrounding the images. Seb had taken separate images of himself and put them beside Sherlock so it looked like they were beside each other in the photos.
he was blushing? “It’s true.” He said. It was. He’d known for an age. He did love his sub, he was just waiting to see if it was reciprocated. Sherlock seemed happy with him. John didn’t think an unhappy sub would have given him a blow job. Or asked him to move in, which he was doing this weekend. “I’ve loved you for a while, Sherlock.” It was hard to admit, but now that he’d said it, it felt better.
John scooted a little closer. “Good.” He whispered. “Maybe we can look for collars tomorrow? I get off work at five.”
John tugged the glove off and pulled his hand out of his arse. “Can you ride me? I think that would be safest for you.”
“That’s not what I said.” John said in a steady tone. “Like during this last case, for example, I would have let you spend the night poring over the crates, but once I found you passed out asleep, you would be sent to bed with no phone to get at least an hour in.”
"Shush!" John glared at him and handed a present to a little boy with a smile. "Happy Christmas!" He said.
Sherlock didn’t really know what to say, so he just tried to slip into subspace the way he usually did. It didn’t seem so easy this time. He squeezed the bars in the cuffs. John went around him and Sherlock listened to him open the lube and squeeze it onto the plug. His cheeks were parted and then something hard was pressed into him, fast and unyielding.
Sherlock gulped but raised his arms and John cuffed his wrists and bound them together with the short chain. He grabbed the plug and lube and sat in the green chair, then hauled Sherlock up over his knee. The sub spread his legs and John squirted some gel onto the plug. “This is a big plug for you, love. It’s going to be nice and tight inside there.”
it?” Sherlock snarled. He leaned up on an elbow, facing his brother. He wanted to get up, but he was sore and his movements would reflect it. Mycroft could probably deduce everything just by how they were laying, but Sherlock was unwilling to give him extra ammo.
The crowd cheered. Sherlock looked utterly baffled. Molly and Mrs. Hudson hugged him and John could see their mouths saying 'congratulations!' Flowers were brought forward and a sobbing Molly accepted them. Mrs. Hudson dabbed her eyes and took a bouquet. Sherlock nodded and mumbled a dazed 'thank you' and glanced at his small yet enthusiastic family. He looked past them and met John's gaze. His face lit up like a Christmas tree and his mouth fell open in joy. He strode towards John. His mother stepped forward for a hug but Sherlock simply put the flowers in her hands and went right past her.
"I suppose not." Sherlock nuzzled into his neck. "What say we go to my rooms and create some new holiday traditions of our own?"
Sherlock grinned shyly and John gave him a quick pat on the hip to get him moving. He yipped and fled to the bedroom and John stalked after him. Sherlock tugged his clothes off enroute and left them scattered over the floor before he dropped to the bed, grabbing a pillow and hugging it towards his chest. He sighed into the sheets as John opened the wardrobe and pulled a tube of hand cream off a shelf before he climbed over the sheets. He took a moment to admire Sherlock’s body, marked with the crop and no doubt sore.
John lips tightened as he tossed used gauze away. “No.” He said, “and if he has any brain cells at all, he’ll never contact us again.”
John whisked the mascarpone into the egg mixture, getting rid of all the lumps. Sherlock seemed to favor the fast whisking as well. Looking around the tent though, not everyone was taking the same care. Some people were using their mixers, and other people were coming up with a rather thick batter. While he was looking away from his bowl, a bit of egg splattered up and the drips catapulted onto Sherlock's back.
He bit his lip. “A bit. The sweat is aggravating everything.” Sherlock grumbled. “So much for endorphins, although, I suppose I was just nearly murdered.”
Sherlock stared up at a brown water stain on the ceiling, just barely visible past the bright white light. The slice under his ribs had stopped bleeding and he could feel the tight scabs forming. Another cut curved down his abdomen and it felt like Logan was tracing a shape on his lower left waist. He could smell the metal iron tang of his blood. His brain was sluggish from the blood loss and he blinked slowly.
Jim returned to their conversation and sipped his tea. “What did he do,” Mycroft asked, nodding at John, “to discover the graces of your herana?”
Sherlock blinked and straightened, mentally pulling his holier-than-thou mask on. The insulting words were familiar, but they still stung every time he heard them. He wasn’t sure what he had said wrong. He saw on a distant level that the female sub was upset, but it was to be expected. Soon she could just find another dom to get fucked by and serve and that would be it, right? Doms were only ever looking for people to play with.
“John.” Sherlock knelt beside him and leaned on his knee and looked up at him. “You would never hurt me. You were frightened. It only took a few seconds for you to become aware of your surroundings again.”
“—Mike will check the places he knows of. You don’t both need to be there. We can cover more ground if we’re separate.”
“But I could have. I was like an animal!” He growled, angry with himself and angry that he’d lost control.
"Hello, John. Don't mind me, I'm just bringing some bikkies up for you loves to have with your tea."
A garrison of guards met the carriage in Chilgrave's courtyard. John was hauled out of the carriage and onto the damp cobbles. Three guards, big, burly men, held him tight. They wore the green and white colors of the Hibern flag. John saw his team for the first time since their capture. They were each bound and gagged like him and fortunately appeared unharmed, if not exhausted. They’d walked for miles. He thought of Peggy's body sprawled along the road and closed his eyes. He swallowed the bile burning in his throat and the angry, frightened tears pressing at the backs of his eyes.
"You shouldn't have met with them." John said harshly. For a moment Sherlock had no idea who John was talking about but then he realized his dom had gone right back to the Barsanti Brothers. He couldn't get over how bad the nickname was. Even Diamond Duo would have been better. More accurate too…
He did, tossing everything onto the chair. John turned his sub so his back was to the wall. He then got carefully down to his knees and grabbed Sherlock’s hips, easing his mouth over his cock.
"Just a splash of milk for me, Johnny." Jim said. John gulped and did as instructed, then passed that cup and saucer over as well. He stared at the floor the whole time. Had he looked up, he would see the disgust in Mycroft's eyes. Not for him and his state, but for the way Moriarty treated his concubines.
Sherlock was walking into the cafeteria at Bart’s to get a coffee one afternoon. He spotted Molly at a table, sitting and talking with a shorter, blonde man whose face he couldn’t see. Sherlock licked his lips, hope zinging through his chest for a moment before he realized that, no—the haircut was all wrong and the shoulders far too big. Not John. Idiot! He jammed coins into the vending machine and took the coffee, storming back to the morgue.
“I don’t like this case.” John said, flexing his hand again. His voice was low and growly and he walked over to his sub. “Whoever is out there is killing people who look a lot like
“This will end, love.” He smiled. “Between me and your brother and Lestrade, we should be able to make him wish he’d never been born.”
They looked at each other and John looked for all the world like he expected Sherlock to rescind his move in offer.
“I’m going to have a shower.” He said, his voice steely. “When I get out, I expect you to be off the floor. You will organize your things so this flat is presentable and that poor tone had better be gone, understood?”
John chuckled as he held the vial up to the light and pulled the plunger, filling the shaft with liquid. He squeezed it and bit dribbled out.
"You're not well." Sherlock gestured to the table. "Please, sit down. Drink something. What happened? Did you eat something for tea that had turned?"
“You did too.” John said. “You survived.” He was squeezing Sherlock’s hand hard and the detective placed his other hand on top of John’s.
“So do I. We can comfort each other. Let’s go to my bedroom. We can do the things that he enjoyed and remember him together.”
"No." She smiled and held the leaves to her breast as if they were a treasure. "I saw Reena eat this shite when she thought she was with child. It worked." She smiled at him. "She was sicker n' hell though. Thank you much." She left.
. John raised the crop high and snapped it across Sherlock’s bum cheek. The detective yelped. His cheeks clenched together but he stayed in place even when John laid down another
“You’re too overdressed for this, love.” John undid the buttons on his shirt and pulled it off his arms, yanking it away and flinging it on the floor. His cock was stiff and ready and he growled under his breath, nibbling Sherlock’s exposed neck and tweaking his nipple. Sherlock yelped in surprise and John broke the kiss and reached for his trousers next, tugging the button open and yanking the zipper. He stood up and pulled Sherlock to his feet, holding him by the bicep as he tugged his clothes down in jerky pulls. Sherlock stepped out of them and John guided him firmly to the sofa on his front. The detective licked his lips, his sweaty fingers finding the edges of the cushion. He way John was breathing and handling him, Sherlock could tell he was very aroused and feeling very dominant. He was pleased and surprised to find he was a little nervous, a little excited. His cock was flickering to life. John leaned over his shoulder, breathing across his neck and palming his backside.
“Cash.” Sherlock mumbled. He slipped the notes out of the wallet pocket. “Thirty-four pounds and some change. No credit cards. A student ID from Griffon Community College.” He glanced at it and handed it to Lestrade. “He was young.”
Sherlock saved the document and stood up. He’d been on his stomach on the floor, as his bottom was still mighty sore. He opened the door. “Good morning, Sherlock.” She set the tea platter on the kitchen table.
"What? You've been going on about 'this cute bloke' since week one and now you're not even going to show me?"
“No.” Sherlock said after a moment. "I'm not‒no need to prepare for anything." He drew himself up to his full, regal height. "Someone tried to kill me today and I want, rather, I
He held the gag under his face. “I’m going to put this on you.” He said. “If you’re in distress at any point, snap your fingers and I’ll take off the gag and help you out, okay?”
Nearly every time John came over he brought with him a bouquet of fingers, a box of ears, a sphygmomanometer. Once a geographic tongue that Sherlock swore he saw change after a night in the fridge, but John assured him was either the tissue dying or his imagination.
"You're very fit, your Highness." His voice was barely a whisper. He stared at the opposite wall and braced himself for the command to get on his knees and open his mouth.
Donovan assured him she had the scene in hand and Greg turned all his attention to Sherlock, standing moodily by the car. "Where's Dee?" He asked.
"John was forgetting his place in my house so I reminded him of where he stood." Jim said, his voice smug. "He's been demoted to tea servant for a day. That should teach him humility."
“Them.” John nodded at a grey-haired man in khakis and a blue shirt standing beside his female sub—a woman in a dark, modest dress with little polka dots all over who was kneeling at his side while they waited for the bus.
"Ah yes, a friend of mine. He'll be joining us.” He gripped John by the throat. “Get ready, whore. You’ve a long night ahead of you.”
“Good boy.” John kissed him and patted his backside. “Go stand in the corner for a bit. Your punishment isn’t over yet.”
John grabbed his recipe and read it over. He was going for something savory this week. A double-cheese Focaccia. He'd made this twice in his life. Once was with his grandmother ages ago (she had done the yeast bit and thus it had risen perfectly) and once a couple years ago for Clara's birthday party (the yeast had risen in a sort of lopsided way somehow, resulting in an angled loaf of bread. Clara had said it was perfect. The bread wasn't straight and neither was she). It had been his most successful bread ever and he was willing to try again.
She looked at his thin face and prominent collar bones. His eyes were dull and flat. The bruise on his eye was turning greenish and his lip was scabbed dark with blood.
He rubbed some numbing ointment onto his skin and stood up. He adjusted his collar and sparkling earrings and lifted his chin.
He pocketed the phone and stepped into the lift, pushing for the third floor. He slumped against the wall as the doors closed and sighed. He had no idea how bad the damage was. Sherlock wasn't in hospital so maybe it wasn't too terrible. Knowing his sub, he likely
John stared at him, enchanted. He could watch Sherlock play until rapture and never grow tired of it. He didn't know how long he stood there, listening and absorbing, but eventually the piece drew to a close and John licked his lips and blinked as if coming out of a trance. Sherlock smiled at him, warm and genuine and a sudden
Yes, he needed to do this slowly, perfectly. He unfastened each button and slipped the expensive fabric off Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms, revealing all that fair soft flesh. The scent of his submission was getting stronger and John took a deep breath. Sherlock shuddered and John knew he could smell not only his dominance but probably his arousal too. The shirt was pushed to the floor in a puddle and John opened up his dark trousers, slipping that button and unzipping. His cock was getting stiff and John brushed fingertips over the sensitive head.
“Open that door, and close it properly.” His voice was stern and Sherlock turned around and opened and closed it again.
"Let me." Lestrade leaned down in front of him, easing the buttons apart and sliding the scraped up, bloody shirt off. He tossed it on the coat and then unfolded the fresh Tshirt. Greg saw the faint long line of bruising beside his spine and bandages covering his ribs. Tomorrow was going to be rough. Sherlock snatched the Tshirt from him with a slight scowl and managed to get it over his head, minding the bandages. He reached for his trousers.
“Ah, ah.” John patted his hip and Sherlock looked down at him, making direct eye contact. John stared up at him as he bobbed slowly back and forth and Sherlock blinked in a kind of wonder. Everything in the world zeroed in on this man on his knees before him. John. His John. His gentle, dominant partner that once put a bullet through a man’s head to save him and could coax his not-always-willing body to heights of glorious ecstasy with just a few well-placed touches.
Sherlock went over to the kitchen table where Alicia’s tears had started afresh. She didn’t seem to be the killer, given that she went into Defense. It was nearly impossible to fake that response to a loved one’s loss, though there were plenty of black market drugs available that would put a dom into Defense artificially. Completely illegal of course, but once in a while a professional athlete would get caught with Defense drugs in their systems and suspended and Sherlock knew from his homeless network that fighters used it too. He’d indulged once, just to try it, and he’d been ill for days after. It was possible someone else at the dealership was the killer—jealously was a huge motivator for murder.
John grinned. “I’d like that. I’ll never leave you alone while you’re spacing, that would just be irresponsible.”
John came closer and stared up at him, arms crossed. He wasn’t really angry of course, but it was fun to just play with him a bit. Sherlock seemed to be enjoying it too, as he was clearly hiding a smile. A stern, unyielding expression was on John’s face, one Sherlock hadn’t seen before. The sub gulped and heat ignited in the center of his hips.
“Brilliant. My hero.” Sherlock smiled into the kiss. “We should tell him you’re in Defense every time he wants to come over—he’ll never stop by the flat again!” He looked delighted, like he’d just discovered his dom had superpowers. John laughed just as Dr. Williams, a sub, walked into the room.
Sherlock nodded. “Very good, John. I did an experiment once where I measured the decay rate of flesh in water. I had to use dead fetal pigs in the bathtub but the basic principle was the same. Owen’s body is definitely more recently deceased than two months.”
“Look…I’m sorry.” John said. “I don’t want to row, just—doms look at you a certain way and I don’t like it.”
“These come in different colors.” She pointed at three of the remaining collars. “I think that a sort of pewter grey would work really well with your complexion. Black would be kind of harsh.”
He turned onto Baker Street, heading south. The traffic was moving so far, and long as nothing bad happened, he could—
He folded his arms and stared down his sub on the sofa, his body language and expression conveying exactly how displeased he was with Sherlock’s comments.
Sherlock howled. Again and again John slammed the paddle into his cheeks, alternating sides with blistering burning swats. A dull sort of flat
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. “I’ve always known I was a submissive, I suppose. Mycroft was always clearly a dominant. My father was a sub as well, and though I got along with my mother I always felt closer to him. I didn’t really date much until I met Sebastian at Uni. There were messy moments at boarding school. The dominant boys all wanted a piece of me. The other subs hated me for it.” He laughed and John smiled with him. “If they were getting too close though I would just deduce them.” He shrugged. “No one likes that.”
Sherlock eyed the cooler by the door curiously. He had completely forgotten about it. “What’s in there?”
The third and most important thing was that there was definitely a warm, familiar body cuddled up beside him, breathing softly on his neck.
“Yes, me.” He ran his hands up Sherlock’s sides, making him shiver. They rested their foreheads together.
Behind Mike, John rolled his eyes. He partly wanted him to shut up and also was getting more and more curious about this guy. He sounded…interesting.
“What?” He asked, tightening his hands on Sherlock’s flanks. “That’s your ‘don’t bother me I’m deducing’ face.
Sherlock frowned. “I suppose not…” He watched John carefully, looking for any hint of lies or illness. He seemed restless, fidgeting in place and looking longingly at the exit door. “Alright.” Sherlock said. “I’ll be back at the flat soon.”
“Ah.” She went to her computer and Sherlock followed. He leaned over her shoulder to look at the screen. “Jenkins is Type O and that’s mostly what we found on him. There was, though, a little bit of AB as well.”
Sherlock shifted in his chair, still able to feel the faint crop marks on his thighs and shoulders. His bum was even a bit tender from the paddle. Sherlock stifled a smile at the thought of last night. John had pulled his clothes off and laid him on the bed and instructed him to keep his palms pressed against the headboard. He’d then cropped his back and thighs, generously skipping over his sore, recently paddled spots. Afterwards John had rubbed something cool and soothing into his skin and kissed all his tender parts until he was shivering, his hands leaving clammy spots of mist on the wooden headboard.
“I want to.” Sherlock tucked it protectively around his body like a shield. “Someone might touch me.”
John picked up the key. Clearly the man expected John to come and go as he pleased while he was away, and the trust that entailed was humbling. Last night he’d moved most of his clothes over, now he had a key. He wondered if he should let his landlord know that he might not be needing his bedsit next month. He’d been giving Sherlock time to ask, not wanting to sound pushy, but his very own key? That had implications. He slipped it onto his own key ring, deciding to bring it up soon with his sub, then texted Sarah:
Mrs. Hudson and a group of nine or so people had formed a book club ages ago. Usually they met monthly at someone's house, rotating hosting duties so one person wasn't burdened with the responsibility of it every time. For December, the group had decided to challenge themselves. They'd read a book every week and meet every Sunday. Mrs. Hudson had volunteered to host each time as many of the other members had family visiting and she didn't mind. Her flat's location was convenient for people doing holiday shopping in the city.
The DI smiled, breaking apart the tension in the room, and rose, beckoning him forward. The doms shook hands and John apologized profusely again. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“With you…I could. But with him…When I was with Seb, I didn’t enjoy sexual contact or intimacy. Even before him, it was never a priority for me. He never made it enjoyable or something I wanted to do with him. Sometimes, the rare times I would feel the urge, I took care of it myself. Alone. It was easier that way.” Sherlock said. “I could take care of it and he wouldn’t need to know.”
“Angelo’s is close if you want lunch.” Sherlock suggested. The lure of free carbohydrates and tomato cream sauce was too much to resist, and John laced their fingers together as they strolled the two streets over.
“Two months.” John mused. “I’m no expert, but Owen’s body looked more recently dead than two months. The water makes it difficult, but…”
“I’m going to be the one spending time with Jim.” He shuffled the papers together, aligning the edges. “I don’t know what
“Your most royal of royal highnesses. The largest in the land.” Sherlock faced his brother and bowed so deep his hair nearly touched the floor. It was purposely sarcastic and Sherlock knew it would annoy him.
They’d parted ways amiably. Both agreed that the less their respective family members knew, the better. Janine was perfectly lovely but as Sherlock preferred men, he was hardly attracted to her. Janine had some artist she was madly in love with and it suited both their interests to pursue what they wanted. Sherlock didn’t have a plan yet for eliminating the future wedding but he was certain something would present itself. Until then he would let Mycroft think he was getting married.
“Yeah.” His voice was low and rough. The door clicked open. His dom was in pajama bottoms and a big Tshirt. His feet were bare. He crept in and knelt on the floor in front of his sub.
"Well, when I was a boy, our mum would always make a batch of porridge for Harry and I to take out to the shed."
John pulled them on and crouched by the leg, focusing on the ragged, scabbed flesh. Sherlock was silent, letting him work. He really wasn’t used to working with dead bodies, persay, but he had a leg up on the average layman.
Sherlock growled and clenched the phone hard to keep himself from lobbing it at a passing bus. Maybe Lestrade and his merry men had found something.
The door opened and Mrs. Hudson poked her head out. “What’s going on out here?” She demanded. Sherlock looked at her, his face pale with shock. John and Lestrade were shouting at each other, both angry and riled. People were crossing the street rather than walk past and sirens were blaring in the distance. Someone must have seen the accident and called the police.
Alicia stared at him. “I was.” She said. “My brother helped me through it. I was only in Defense for a day, but I
“I’ll get the doctor.” Mycroft left the room, knowing far better than to antagonize him. John smiled. He turned back to Sherlock, his eyes bright with mischief. “I didn’t.” He said, kissing his forehead. “I took a full dose last night. I just wanted him to leave.”
"Cheers." John nodded and they moved on. Sue crept behind the camera and got her sliver of Sherlock's tart. She rolled her eyes in pleasure.
He took a shower and went about his day, and all the while the rude younger man from last night was drifting in and out of his thoughts. While putting a gallon of milk in his basket at the shops, he remembered the way Sherlock looked when he deduced, the look of genuine outrage on his face when he’d gotten John’s orientation incorrect.
“Disgusting.” John came by with a tied off bin bag and left it by the door. “What do you think of it?” He said. He flexed his fingers. “Bit of a dump.”
“Good boy.” John sat across from him and opened his computer. Everything was quiet for a few moments. Sherlock wrote the sentence a couple times, but was soon distracted. His bum was stinging on the hard flat stool and his cock was awake and interested now. Sherlock spread his legs and slipped his left hand down the front of his trousers. He fisted his thick, growing cock and squeezed. It felt sublime. The warmth on his backside and the pleasure in his front was delicious and he closed his eyes, gently jacking himself.
Sherlock stood up, the action helping to dislodge the thoughts. In the bedroom, John was whistling as he unpacked. What would he say? Would he let him go? No time like the present. Sherlock paced through the doorway.
John growled and grabbed the bottle. He squeezed a ton onto his hand and jacked his cock and smeared his sub’s bottom. When he pushed back in it was smooth as butter.
“I was stabbed in the left calf with a two and a half inch blade. I’m stitched up and packed with gauze and the good drugs. I’m expected to make a full recovery, as are you.”
John took the other pin and fastened that to his other nipple, watching Sherlock’s reaction carefully. “How is it?” John asked. “Is the pain sharp?”
“Sherlock, can you please stop kicking?” The sound was annoying as hell and John was pretty sure the wood underneath the leather was splintering as he spoke. John was ignored until he snapped out a firm,
They nearly tripped over themselves and each other as they ran to the bedroom to find clothes. Sherlock opened the wardrobe and John found the box containing the outfit he’d thought of and grinned, closing it back up. He didn’t want Sherlock to see yet.
One more shrill note tore off the bow and she winced. He pulled the violin away from his chin and glared at her, his lip out in a pout. "What?" He snarled.
The argument had been simmering for days. Tetchiness on a case, followed by Sherlock stupidly endangering his own life once again, followed by John passive aggressively making himself dinner and not inviting Sherlock to eat, followed by body parts stores in unlabelled containers (something Sherlock knew John hated), eventually lead to a shouting match.
Sherlock popped his fur-lined coat collar to keep the chill of his neck. He turned on his heel and headed for the
"Enter!" A deep male voice called. John stepped inside. The stone floor gave way to thick carpets, soft under his bare feet. The air, cold everywhere in this castle, was warm from the fire in the hearth and he took a moment to enjoy it. He clasped his hands at the small of his back and walked forward, his head titled down at a respectful angle. He walked from the small receiving room to the bedroom and paused just inside the doorway.
Every year at this time Sherlock would hear about "Christmas Spirit." People would tell others to "get in the Christmas Spirit" or say "where's your Christmas Spirit?" He wondered if it was possible to measure said spirit and, a year ago, decided to try. It was a frustratingly intangible thing to measure. How did one measure 'spirit?' Fortunately his flatmate and land lady were of that breed who thoroughly enjoyed Christmas and he'd created some parameters by which to attempt to measure 'spirit.'
He made a mental list of things Mycroft was probably going to ask him about as he banged out of his rooms and strode down the corridor. The royal wing of Sherrinford palace contained his own rooms and the rooms Mycroft shared with Lady Smallwood, as well as several suites, a small library, and sitting areas for royalty to entertain guests of their choice. The wing was quiet and clean and thick, heavy carpets added a homey luxury to the stone palace. Paintings of family members or tapestries of Britannia hung the walls. Sherlock pushed open the heavy doors at the end of the corridor and exited the wing. The ever-present royal guards, stationed at the door ‘round the clock, didn’t move a muscle.
Sherlock nodded and John reached around, finding the knots on the white acrylic rope. These were the least comfortable, so he wanted to get them off first. He fiddled with the knot, tugging at the fibers. It was tight. He hadn’t meant to make the knots so strong. He dug his fingernails into the thin cotton, trying to pry a loop free.
