I hope you have enjoyed this naughty little romp into the magical land of "What if?". This story has frequently kept me sane during the long insecurity of living during a pandemic. It has been a blast to write, and I have loved working with Marsajar. Isn't her art amazing?
Cas lifts his legs so that he is floating in front of Dean. The wings swish powerfully and churn up the water. “No, just pay attention to them.”
Dean obliges, watching how every impact jolts Cas’s body. Sharp, desperate sounds are popping out of his open mouth. Cas’s hands are roaming over his own body, trying to dissipate some of the building pressure. Dean brings his knees up and flattens his feet on the furs to give him leverage. Cas bites his bottom lip and grips his hair tightly in white-knuckled fists. The look of concentration furrowing his brow gives way to a shuddering throughout his whole body.
Cas is going to explode if he has to deal with yet another roadblock. This is the third police precinct office he’s been to. Jurisdiction is apparently a bigger issue than actually catching criminals that do crimes all over the city, so they’ve passed him around like a dirty bong. The grunt behind the counter at this precinct took an instant dislike to him, and wouldn’t let him speak to a detective. Finally, when he spoke the magic words, the suspect’s name, he was ushered in to see Detective Mills immediately. He’s not going to lie. He really likes this detective. She’s smart, witty, and she isn’t discounting him because of the way he looks. However, that still isn’t getting them anywhere.
However, he loves hearing Dean call him ‘my prince’ with such a possessive tone. His emphasis is all on the word ‘my’. Mine. To his ears, it sounds like he is he is being claimed.
Cas looks down at his bulge and puts all of the emphasis he can on the word paint. Dean can’t help the laugh that bubbles up as Cas pushes into him, trapping him against the shelf.
Cas flags down their waitress. “Can you please add your favorite dessert to our bill and package it to go?”
“We’re going to celebrate over lunch at Pushkin House,” Mikhail announces with a squeeze to Dean’s shoulder. For elegance and old-world charm, it can’t be beat. It is the gold standard for the wealthy. It’s a little showy for his taste.
Also, if you are interested in seeing the yoga poses, they are Parsva Bakasana then Eka Pada Koundinyasana I
A hum of appreciation reaches his ears as it vibrates down the side of his cock. Dean’s breathing has been erratic for minutes, each touch stoking the flames of his desire like nothing else has before. Cas is focused on Dean like he is the only other being to exist in the universe, and he is being flayed open and left vulnerable by his attention.
Jimmy knows that he shouldn’t be meeting with Dean. The poor man is grieving, and it can’t be helping him to keep seeing his boyfriend’s face. Plus, his brother said that he was having trouble sleeping and he was obsessed with finding Cas. It sounds like Dean is delusional, and Jimmy is playing into his fantasies. Somehow, though, he feels responsible. Dean wasn’t unhinged before he met Jimmy. Sam had told him that he has been very quiet and reserved since returning from his military tour, but seemed to be focused and quite determined to build a new life.
Dean’s hands slip and he turns his face so that his cheek makes contact instead of his nose. It smarts, but only for a second. He’s opened up farther in this position, and he moans at the lightning strike inside of him. The position is targeting his prostate now, and all he can do is take it. He’s completely at Cas’s mercy, and it’s a marvelous feeling.
Cas nods and opens his eyes. “Look at me, Cas.” Dean leans back just enough for them to see the rest of his body. Dean’s cock is hard and so close to Cas’s own erection that he has to bite back a whine. “Do you know how good it would feel to rub against you? To feel your gorgeous cock on me? In me?”
As soon as Dean’s hole spits him out, he presses right back in, forcing everything in Dean to make room for him. The slide back in is a tiny bit easier this time, and instead of curses, Dean releases a long, low wail.
Shattered anguish escapes from his throat, which keeps threatening to close up. He can’t take his eyes from the grim shapes, hoping against reason to see movement. Any movement. Watery haze fades their edges into shades of gray. Acceptance leads to the first sob of grief and then he can’t make them stop. He stands in the comforting circle of Dean’s embrace and falls apart. He hears voices, feels the echoing rumble of Dean’s voice answering through his chest, but he can do nothing but mourn.
Cas loses his tenuous grip on himself at the suggestion, his wings appearing and expanding to fill the inside of the tent. He interrupts Dean harshly, “I would never, will never share you!”
Dean lets that comment go without further explanation. He knows that Benny would be there for him if he wanted to talk about Cas, but he emphatically does not want that.
Dean can understand where Sam is coming from. If their positions were reversed, he’s fairly certain that he wouldn’t have let him out of the hospital the first time. But just because he can empathize, doesn’t mean he’s ready to roll over and let them do something drastic that isn’t actually necessary.
They’ve learned and memorized every nuance of each other’s bodies. Cas knows the perfect angle and speed to make Dean scream. Dean can get Cas hard with a few choice words whispered in his ear. Cas can make Dean come untouched, and Dean knows how to wring an orgasm from Cas even when he’s trying ardently to avoid it.
Notes: Cas mentions a notorious crime family in South Boston called the Winter Hill Gang. Their leader (recently) was Whitey Bulger.
“That wasn’t the most romantic place for a first time,” he apologizes, his head tipping against the middle of Dean’s back.
He can’t stop thinking about Cas. Not a single hour has gone by when he hasn’t replayed every minute of their little tryst in vivid detail. He isn’t sure what he finds hotter: the combustible chemistry between them, the danger of getting caught, or the man himself. Remembering the smoky eyes centered with luminous blue looking up from their position at his feet forces a shiver down Dean's spine.
“The land is beautiful, but we were there for training. There were too many of us to house, so we created an encampment. It was fine for months, but then winter set in. I’ve never been so cold. Most of our training exercises were ship to land, so we were either in the ocean or near it. We would return to camp after spending the day in wet conditions only to spend the night in an even colder environment. There were days that I wished my heart would just stop so that the shivering would finally stop.”
“Fuck, Dean. You have no idea how hard it is for me to have your mouth so close and not feel it on me. I want you, baby.”
Dean looks back to find nothing but sincere curiosity. This is another reminder that their lives have been so different. Cas is asking him what love feels like because he’s never experienced it.
“Are you telling me that I can’t kiss you in public, angel?” Dean is teasing, but Cas thinks he sees a bit of hurt behind his eyes.
He leans forward into Dean’s space, keeping his eyes on his all the way in. He presses a delicate kiss to his lips and then whispers against them. “This is just something to think about, sweetheart. Nothing has to be decided right now.”
Using his extensive intelligence training, he chose to become a private investigator once he left the military. He’d actually used his last few months in the Army to take his PI exam and get his business set up. The only thing he couldn’t do from there was build a clientele.
Instead, the beast shakes his head again. Castiel scowls at him and gestures more aggressively. The beast smirks and points to his own face and blows a large string of bubbles. When the bubbles descend, it dawns on Castiel that he managed to get turned around and was swimming down instead of up. The creature was trying to help him.
Dean grins at the marvelous memory, his gut warming with appreciation and something that he isn’t ready to name. Looking up to see Cas crossing the space between them, Dean experiences an epiphany.
“Oh, that’s such a relief,” Dean’s client sags back into the bar stool. Dean is sitting with his back to the wall, his eyes darting up to the entrance and front windows frequently. He isn’t expecting an enemy threat in Pasadena, but his training is ingrained at this point. There’s no use trying to pry it out.
“Christen…” Dean tries out the word, delight in his eyes. “Yes, I think this will be a new tradition, Cas. We’ll have to christen all of the islands.”
After Judith has showed them the basics of brush care, preparing a canvas, and a variety of different brush shapes, they are allowed to practice. Cas picks up a medium-sized angled brush and saturates the tip with vibrant crimson. It only takes a few strokes for Cas to fall completely in love with painting.
Taking the decision out of his hands so Can can just concentrate on feeling, Dean gets up on his knees and pulls Cas’s hips up over his thighs. He removes his fingers, but lines the head of his cock up immediately so Cas doesn’t have time to think about the awful feeling of being empty. Hesitating at the entrance, he waits for Cas to make eye contact and give his permission.
Cas prays to freeze this moment in time. If he could choose just one moment to relive for eternity, it would be this one. He catalogs every second, knowing it will have to last. When they separate, they do it slowly, by degrees. With their lips still brushing, Cas asks for Dean to give him a flicker of light in the coming darkness.
Cas quirks a secret smile down into the neck of his coat; his breath circulating back to warm his cheeks.
“Hold yourself open for me, sweetheart.” Dean shuffles to get his hands around his cheeks. His face is turned to the side and resting on the bed. Cas can sense the spark of mischief in that laser-focused gaze.
Cas holds his hands out, “Every mark on my hands tells part of my story.” He points to the Cyrillic letters above his knuckles, ангел. This is my nickname, angel.”
Castiel can’t take his eyes off Dean, an inappropriate warmth rising in his chest at seeing the man spilled across his sheets. The possessive heat catches him off guard. Nothing about his reactions to this man should surprise him anymore, but they do.
Dean looks to Cas for his opinion. He shrugs. “You’ve got a pretty high pain tolerance, so I think you could do it. I just don’t want you to get fatigued. Promise that you’ll tell her if it’s too much?”
Dean calmly looks up to meet his eye. “I am yours in every way, Cas. You have given to me since the day we met. This is something that I can give you, that I want to offer to you.”
Dean’s hands wrap around him, clenching into his hair and splaying across his back, in the space of a heartbeat. He sighs in relief and pulls Cas in for an insistent kiss. Dean’s hands touch every inch of Cas that he can reach, grasping and firm. He breaks the kisses to breathe, but only slightly. He breathes around them, sighing and moaning on every exhale.
“If we do marry one day, we’ll move it to your left hand,” Cas says as he rubs the ring fondly with his thumb. “It looks even better on you than I had imagined.”
“Of course. In the backroom of that bar.” There’s nothing derogatory in the way Dean says it, but Cas is feels a little sting of regret. If he had known how special Dean was back then, how vital he would become, Cas would have done things a little differently.
Judith looks at him, taking his measure. “Castiel, I know that you were terrified to bring me that piece. It was your first painting. I could tell that you were in a tail spin from the moment I told you to create your own work at the fundraiser.”
He isn’t going to be happy with a few weeks of being with Cas. It was never going to be enough after having him so intimately. His walls of repression and denial are cracking like Spring ice, despite how thick and fortified they were before. Dean could handle the situation if it was just lust and simple affection leaking through them, but there is more, which terrifies him. Imagine what could happen to a jaded hunter if a sliver of hope sneaks through his defenses.
His eyes slip closed as Cas begins tongue-fucking him; his hands guiding Dean back to impale himself. Huffed out curses accompany every thrust. Dean can already feel the tightening, tingling of his release on the horizon.
“I need an ambulance to 331 Old Colony Ave.” Boyar whips around, eyes wide in rage, when he hears Dean speak. Before he can say a word, Dean levels a challenging glare and the barrel of the gun at his head. Wisely, Boyar stops moving.
“Dean!” Sam screams one more time even after the shimmering lights disappear and the woods come alive again with their typical night sounds.
Part of his brain might be calling him irresponsible, but the rest of it is in full panic mode. He knows with every ounce of his soul that Jimmy is really Castiel. Somehow, someway, his lost love is alive. He isn’t going to take any risks that something could happen to him before they solve the mystery.
Dean leans away to take in his face. His fingers subtly press against the pulse point on his wrist. He frowns, but accepts the weak smile Cas gives him. “I’ll be fine.”
Moving slowly enough not to knock himself out by running into the walls, but quickly enough to stay ahead of Bart, Cas is lost in his panic. He can’t trust his senses. He doesn’t know where he’s going. He doesn’t have any plan at all. Just stay out of his reach. He can’t even hear movement behind him, so heavy and labored is his own sawing breath.
Cas huffs and looks heavenward to pray for strength while uttering some truly foul Romanian. Dean recognizes a few words, enough to take offense.
“I pled your case well, Dean. I practically prostrated myself at her feet, and she still denied me.”
“Will you let me show you more over time? I would like you to have a better understanding before you decide if it is something you like or not.”
Dean is shaking his head no before his words are out. “No, Cas. I didn’t look at your rap sheet, and I wouldn’t let them tell me anything.”
Cas smiles affectionately and kisses his forehead. He uses the moment to check in with the serial rapist in the audience. God damnit. Cas had hoped that staking a claim on Dean in front of him would be enough to make the psycho back off and turn his attentions elsewhere. Instead, he looks pissed off. More than that, he is glaring at Dean with righteous indignation, like he has been wronged and wants vengeance.  Apparently, his interest in Dean has been building for some time, which makes him even more dangerous.
The nurse gives him his schedule for the next day and promises to let him sleep without disturbance.
Dean shakes his head. “This is not about money. It should be the same response no matter what part of our businesses are attacked.”
The command comes back into Cas’s voice. “Laugh like we are having fun, and then turn toward the castle with me.”
Cas nods and tilts his chin up with both hands, looking intently. “Something is wrong. Some of your abilities are slipping.”
Dean doesn’t hesitate. His skin is silky soft here, hidden away as it is. The ring of muscle is hard, too firm to allow intrusion now.
Cas snaps his mouth closed and tilts his head in question. God, Dean has missed that. A smile plays over his lips.
“Never apologize for feeling too good to contain an orgasm, Dean. That’s exactly how I want you to feel.”
“Yeah, I’ve thought about it for a couple of years. I just wasn’t interested enough to do the research and preparation, but if you know what kind of weapon I need and can teach me? I would be stupid not to do it, right?”
“When we are playing, you will address me with a title of respect. You will not refer to me by name, understood?”
Dean flushes but nods his head. “I really am. I think I fell for him the first time I saw his wings.”
His babbling gives way to sobbing and the startled man doesn’t know what to do. “Can I call someone for you?”
The situation wasn’t likely to get any better, either, because he wasn’t interested in courting any of the young ladies in town for obvious reasons. Eventually, not starting a family would make him at best a curiosity, and at worst, more of an outcast than he already was. Looking into that future, Cas realizes that being here with Dean has changed the trajectory of his life in significantly positive ways.
Shock pins his eyebrows up. Cas is hardly ever at a loss for words, but Dean seems uniquely equipped to put him off balance. “Christ, Dean. You like to give me whiplash, don’t you?”
Cas frowns but nods. In a few steps, Dean drops to his knees and lays Cas down gently on their bed. His arms framed by his head, he states, “We’ve been together for months, and you’ve never asked me about my other form. You’ve never mentioned it. Don’t you think that’s telling?”
Unlike the other young men in town, he’s never been interested in the girls that flock to the dances and play grown up in their sisters’ borrowed heels and heavy-handed makeup. He’d just as soon enjoy the company of his friends, but there aren’t many of them left. Most didn’t live to celebrate Armistice Day with him, and those that did are moving on to start careers and become family men.
“Cas pointed out a guy in the crowd and asked me if I’d seen him before. He’d been around at several games, and I recognized him.”
His response is to slap his other cheek, mixing the slick pleasure with a sharp sting. His tongue presses into his rim, his head moving back and forth to help loosen him up. Dean loves this more than he will admit. He hates that he loves it so much, so Cas doesn’t tease him about it. One day, Dean will ask for his mouth on his fuck hole. He will beg Cas to open him on his tongue. For now, though, he will give him what he desires, even if he won’t put voice to it.
“You have my express permission to touch me anytime, Dean,” Cas says while leaning into his touch. Dean simply hums his appreciation and continues spreading the herbed oil over his skin.
Dean sighs. Why did he just agree to do whatever his dad asked? “Yeah, but what if it takes a while? The relationships I’ve built with these kids won’t hold up under a long absence. They’re all dealing with abandonment issues, so if I disappear, so will they. They didn’t give their trust easily, and I doubt they’ll give it twice.”
Theoretically, he knows that the drawn-out reveal is designed to increase anticipation. It doesn’t make it any less effective on him.  “What, Cas?”
Cas doesn’t disappoint. He pushes forward steadily, relentlessly until he bottoms out. Dean’s spine goes rigid, and he huffs out a breathy shout. Cas moulds himself to Dean’s back, gentling him with his closeness and shushing noises. “Tell me when you’re ready.”
“No, sweetheart, I wanted you to succeed. Pushing your limits is important if I hope to keep you interested, though. But, to push your limits, I have to find them first, no?”
After they finish their homemade blueberry pancakes, they start off on a hike to find whatever Cas left for them to find. They go in a circle perimeter around the caboose, slowly spiraling outward once they cross off all of the culverts they’ve already examined.
Knowing that you don’t find women sexually appealing is a completely different thing from being confronted by a naked man that you find incredibly attractive, Castiel is finding out. For the majority of his life, he hadn’t really known if he was homosexual or just uninterested in sex. When he’d been in the army, he’d seen glances of naked skin, the suggestion of a penis through baggy uniform underwear. He’d never so much as blushed at inappropriate times.
Dean is caught up in his ferocity, in how easily he’s laying himself bare to get to the heart of what they both want. His fevered skin is tingling with the urge to be touched. His jeans are tightening around his now steely erection.
Seeing that Dean isn’t going to be shamed into acting like he is expected, the Fae seeks to embarrass Cas instead. “You let a slave speak for you?”
He is willing his hard dick into submission, thinking about the vilest things he can dream up to help him. He knows that Cas is keeping himself in check, that he doesn’t let Dean see his sexual side very often. His iron control stays in place to avoid making Dean uncomfortable. He appreciates it, he really does. He fears he would have been seduced a long time ago otherwise. Every once in a while, though, Dean gets a glimpse of Cas unrestrained, like this display of dominance. He once likened Cas to a tempest. He doesn’t think he’s far off in his estimation.
Readjusting to pull Dean’s thighs higher on his hips, Cas leans down to get a taste of his addictive mouth. He groans at the kisses that already feel messy and sated. Dean’s already close to orgasm. Cas tips back on his knees, using the angle to drive Dean higher. “I could stay buried in your body forever, sweetheart. You’re so goddamned perfect. You squeeze me so tight. Make me feel so good.”
The meal is meager, but neither of them even notice. At Dean’s request, Cas tells him the entire story of his new career, and even shows him pictures of some of his pieces that he has on his cell phone. Several times, Cas tries to change the subject, but Dean is tenacious. When he’s all caught up, Dean grins and tangles their fingers together.
The pompous man gives him a long-winded tour of the house, and all Dean can do is pretend that he’s interested. In reality, to him, a room is a room, and most of these are pointless. Great rooms, parlors, dens, living rooms, and game rooms. How many places to sit do you need in one house? He starts counting them at the second room, and by the time they reach the back patio, he’s well over the two hundred mark.
Cas gets the sensation that Dean is impressed and a little giddy. “Other than when I’ve travelled to meet you, I’ve never been out of the country.”
“Yes, but you’ve never told me what it is that you’re doing. I thought you were just wanting to get away for a while.”
What Cas wants is to find a companion. Someone who sees him as a priority, as family. That’s all he wants. It shouldn’t be so damn hard.
Sam straightens his posture, looking Dean in the eye with a proud smile. “Alright. What can I do to help?”
Cas’s head comes up, and he looks startled to see Dean standing beside him. Dean kisses his temple sweetly and repeats his question.
Hours later, he’s eaten the soup, cleaned up his mess, remade the pallet bed, and now he is searching the cave for his cello, all the while fretting over where Dean could be. All day long, he’s been thinking about how he can apologize, how he can make Dean understand. What can he say, though? I fell into a panic because we masturbated together? My insecurities came out and started judging me for acting on this ridiculous attraction I feel for you? Let’s try it again, and I promise that I won’t treat you like a leper this time?
Ever so slowly, Cas guides the very tip of his cock to touch Dean’s tongue. He watches Dean’s eyes slip closed in pleasure. Damn. His responsiveness makes Cas feel raw, transparent and stretched thin like finely-spun glass. Sliding firmly along the hot, wet muscle, Cas sheathes himself. Bliss shivers through him. It won’t take long to give Dean what he wants. Cas is addicted, drugged by every touch Dean offers.
Dean knows his gorgeous boyfriend well enough to know that he’s completely overwhelmed. He has watched him retreat farther and farther into himself as the night wears on, and now he needs to dive in after him and pull Cas back to the present.
Campus is quiet at this hour. Everyone is out, studying, or asleep. Dean is exhausted. The library will be closing soon, so he should take the opportunity to get some rest. He’ll come back in the morning refreshed and ready to start the search all over again.
“I can’t believe I reacted like that to you,” Cas laments. “I trust you, Dean. I know you’d never do anything to harm me.”
Disoriented. Dean can’t put all of the sensory input currently battering his brain into categories that make sense. There are flashing lights and blinding fluorescents. His hand is pinched and aching. He’s being jostled around, but is being restrained from moving on his own. More than anything else, the urgent voices confuse him both because none of them are familiar and they aren’t speaking English as he understands it.
The ferocity of the statement, the pledge, opens the flood gates. His tears are tracking down his face unbidden.
Dean licks his lips and dips his eyes low. Damn. The last time Cas asked him that was when Dean had sprained his wrist and couldn’t do most anything. Cas had sucked him and fucked him morning, noon, and night for days to make him feel better. The memories bubble up unbidden, but he loves the flush of red that rises on Cas’s cheeks when he catches on to Dean’s train of thought.
He fights the overwhelming urge to roll his eyes, but he doesn’t want to pick himself up off the floor if he’s caught doing it.
Dean interrupts him with absolute conviction. “No. We cannot just. We are getting this out. Now. The only option is where.”
The surrealism of the moment twists something in Dean’s brain and makes it crack. A hysterical laugh bubbles up. This fucking animal is called his beloved Cas a monster. Michael takes his reaction for a good sign and approaches.
Dean’s been sent on a mission though, and he’s nothing if not obedient. “Can I kiss you, Cas?” he whispers near his ear. A pleased grin eases onto his face and he turns to offer his lips to Dean.
“Same. Although, there are parts of you I’d like to spend some time worshiping.” Dean can’t help but lick his lips at the thought of getting unlimited access to the luscious tattooed skin under Cas’s shirt.
“That’s before I thought it through. If we fight over this, it will escalate until the entire brotherhood is destroyed.”
Delicately, he pushes Dean’s head up and back while holding onto his jaw to lift his eyes. Dean’s glassy gaze barely makes the connection.
His exasperation is adorable, and Dean can’t help stirring it up. “It’s a cultural icon, Cas. Besides, that wasn’t what I was laughing at.”
The sun comes out from behind the clouds just as Cas throws his head back on a loud shout. “Yes!” His face is glorious in its ecstasy. Sunlight touches the edges of his body, giving him an ethereal shine. Golden light fractures through his chaotic hair, and Dean can’t breathe. Cas is an angel. He can’t possibly be of this world. He is too beautiful, too perfect. His heart stops, and then thuds in double time. Dean is in love.
That snaps him back to attention. “I’m sorry, Master. I was caught up in enjoying your touch. I was drifting.”
“I have to admit, Cas. I can’t believe he did. I’ve noticed that Dean’s interests lie on both sides of the gender spectrum, but I never thought he’d act on it, let alone tell anyone else about it. That goes totally against his macho man code.”
“Not that I’m complaining about that welcome, because I’m absolutely not, but what happened, sweetheart?”
Dean leans in closer and says quietly, “He says that you’re sexually frustrated. That we walked in and interrupted you pleasuring yourself.”
He actually snorts at that. “No, I have no intentions of dragging you kicking and screaming to heaven’s gates. My friend works here.”
Cas enjoys the closeness, shoring up his defenses for dealing with his family. “I know you will. Have fun.”
Cas comes closer, his hands roaming over the hard planes of Dean’s pecs. He hums. “Damn, you feel good under my hands.”
“No!” he vehemently shouts as he claws to extricate himself from Bart’s grasp. In just a blink, the man’s grip is aided by several short tentacles. Fuck. He isn’t sure why he hadn’t thought that Caecelia could shift on land. Dean never has, but that certainly didn’t mean it was impossible.
“It wasn’t that putting my hands on someone was more important, Cas. It was because I needed you. That’s the difference,” Dean confesses.
Dean almost whimpers at Cas’s maniacal tone. This game is not going to be easy for him, and he knows it. Still, he nods his assent.
Dean doesn’t take a deep breath until the beast of a horse is pointed north, chewing up the miles with his massive legs. Cas’s weight against his chest is his touchstone. He can get through this day; he will be strong for Cas and take care of whatever needs to be done as long as he can reach out and know he is protected.
Nothing in his very long existence could have prepared Castiel for the sensation of Dean pushing his cock deep while he experiences it from Dean’s perspective, too. A high keening noise chokes out of his throat as he stares down at Dean. Their thoughts crash together, full of awestricken joy.
His hands are running over Cas’s chest as he strips the ruined clothes from his body. “I see why you wanted to paint me. This is fun,” he admits as he plants kisses all along the inked skin, leaving streaks behind.
Cas tries to deny his words, but Dean talks over him. “He will probably deny it, but he’s saved my life at least twice. He’s the reason I’m still standing here.”
With a purely content smile, Cas answers, “Yes, my love. Of course. There is nothing that I could want more than to be your husband.”
Dean might have taken on too much with this call. He’s not nearly objective enough to handle himself while having Cas’s voice in his ear. His eyes fill with tears that he has to blink back.
“Are you joking?” One of the other men finally speaks up. It must be Ketch. He’s never been able to hold his tongue.
“I couldn’t be happier. Dean is so much more than I had hoped. Your descriptions didn’t do him justice.”
“Please, Dean? One more time?” Zala begs as she pulls down on his hand with all her might. One of the others takes flight and buzzes around his head.
He’s not expecting the man to walk forward with a sweet smile, arms open wide. Cas deflates in relief, stepping into the warm circle of Dean’s arms. There are still nagging thoughts at the back of his mind that he shouldn’t be apologizing to his captor. He shouldn’t walk so easily into his arms. Cas pushes them away, not wanting to succumb to the bitterness from before.
The creature with the fake smile and mesmerizing lips transforms before his eyes again. Castiel almost doesn’t see it because it happens below the water. He senses it, though. Feels it. There’s something moving beneath the water. Lots of things are moving and writhing beneath the surface.
“I’m in,” Gabe says immediately, which makes Cas smirk. He’s always been a leap in with both feet kind of guy.
“Fuck, Cas. That feels so damn good.” Dean praises him as his hips and chest lift up into the touch.
“Yes, I know of your little games. He does not.” Although he doesn’t finish the thought to its conclusion, the queen is more than aware of his intention. She sits up taller, masking her momentary insecurity with a frigid stoniness.
Cas quickly comes to his defense. “Hey! He didn’t do anything wrong. Some asshole did this to him, and you can bet his intentions were not just to get him high.”
His shifty eyes slide away from Cas, but he slaps the requested gun into Dean’s hand before walking away. Dean chuckles. “Fucking hell, you are an intimidating son of a bitch, Cas.”
Dean’s smile is no less false. “Then I apologize for the misunderstanding. I’m not used to being showered with gifts, and it took me by surprise. I hope we can be friends?”
Dean wants to argue, but he won’t slip up again. He’ll show him the utmost respect from now on. He doesn’t need to be restrained.
Cas grips the railing with his right hand, giving him the leverage to piston his hips with jarring force. He sometimes feels that he gets too rough with Dean, but seeing him melt into pliant submission is too delicious to give up.
The man starts to laugh until Cas twists his neck at an angle that has everyone cringing back in sympathy. “I-I said, ‘Look who fucked his way to the top of the mob.’”
Panic bursts into Dean’s bloodstream, racing through his body with the gallop of his heart. “Shit, I’m sorry. I’m leaving.”
Cas panics when he hears a stranger’s voice. He is vulnerable here in bed, naked and without a weapon except for the bone knife that Dean had given him after the…attack. Why didn’t Dean warn him? Why would he bring someone here when he knows what happened the last time a Caecelia walked into his home?
Castiel glares across the fire at his captor. Throughout the past several days, the creature has offered him water from a beautifully carved cup, plates of fragrantly spiced cooked fish, and even fresh fruit. Every time, without fail, Castiel ignores him and turns his head away. Every time, it is left there for him.
Cas winks at him, climbing up to straddle his lap. “Yeah, too bad we didn’t have a condom, huh? You’d have felt me for days, sweetheart.”
Understanding that Cas is sticking his neck out for Dean had never more obvious to him than at that moment. The seriousness in his eyes spoke of a trust that he has placed in Dean, a trust that could not be unfounded.
Cas sits up, needing the slight distance it provides. “I asked you to be certain, Dean. That has not changed. Do not agree to anything you are unsure of. It would only hurt both of us.”
“Yeah, Cas. It’s me.” He is quiet and subdued, but Cas has never been so happy to hear that deep timbre.
They both shrug and look at each other. “What do you think, my love? Where would you like to visit next?”
Rounding on the monster that kidnapped him, he is surprised to see the beatific smile on its lips as it watches him. He squints in confusion, but then he remembers his cello.
“We’re going in two days. I think this is the last one I’ll have time to complete and photograph before then.”
“My son has had a tough time of it since he lost his brother, and I’ll be damned if I watch him mourn someone else. If I get you out of this cluster fuck, you will show your appreciation by going legit and being good for him. Because next time, Castiel? I will file charges my damn self and I’ll make sure they stick!”
The dark hair is the same. The confused tilt to his head, the parted lips, and the furrowed brow are all so achingly familiar. “I’m sorry. Have we met?”
Dean ignores his comment and asks if he needs anything from the clinic. The asshole came to his work place, so he can’t respond the way he really wants to. He’s picturing it, though. He can see every finger break, feel the pop of tendons. They’ve drifted closer throughout the exchange, standing now almost toe to toe.
“What is it that you’re investigating, Dean? Why do you still think he could be Cas? Don’t you think he would have let you know that he wasn’t dead? Don’t you think Cas would have done anything to find you?”
“I’m gonna come. You’re gonna…fuck…so good. Cas…I’m ready…I’m coming,” he groans and then shouts his release, which involves every cell of his body. He locks up, practically seizing with the strength of his orgasm. Pulse after pulse of come jets into Cas’s mouth, and Dean greedily watches him swallow. And again. And again. Dean is boneless as Cas attentively licks away every drop.
Cas suddenly crowds in behind him, pushing Dean into the dresser. Before he can respond, Cas has both of his wrists in a firm grip and his voice rumbles in Dean’s ear. “No, Dean. I tolerate your petulance because it is a challenge. What I like is obedience. What I love is enthusiastic obedience.”
“My offer stands,” Dean breathes, anxious and itchy to keep going, to get Cas’s dick in him in some way. Romantic, it isn’t, but he’s touching the edge of desperation already.
Dean chuckles and forces a kiss to his temple. “C’mon. Maybe you’ll find the inside more to your liking.”
“Patient in the clinic,” Dean comments, not looking up from the treat. He misses the wary looks passed between his roommate and new friends.
Cas had finished his morning yoga, eaten breakfast, read the newspaper, and was on his second cup of tea before Dean staggered out of bed.
At dinner, everyone seems to notice the new ink. They take turns giving heartfelt congratulations, slapping Dean on the back or shaking his hand. A few of his closer acquaintances hug him or kiss him on the cheek. Dean takes all of the jostling, teasing, and affection in stride. On their way back to their cell, Dean mentions to Cas quietly, “I thought you said that they wouldn’t dare touch me.”
Cas leaves an open-mouthed kiss on the pink hand print, getting the skin nice and wet to intensify the sting of the next blow. Cas grins at the even louder crack that he gets the second time.
Besides the six men he had seen in the lantern light, there were at least five more coming quickly from the shadows. Surprise was his only weapon against so many men, and he’s already lost it. He turns to Meg and shouts at her to run. At the same time, he is drawing his kukri. He manages to get it halfway from its sheath when the first strike hits him. He knows the odds here. He is a great fighter, but no amount of skill is going to protect him from ten sadistic fucks. Alastair is within reach, so Dean makes a decision.
“She’s only a few days old, and there is no next of kin that we can find. I doubt the baby was born in a hospital because she is emaciated and didn’t even have a blanket.”
Cas sputters, but Dean isn’t really looking for an answer. He just wants to get the hell out of here.
As Castiel runs down the stairs, he yells back for her to get Alexander and the marshal. He’s leaping down three steps at a time, and he feels like it is taking an eternity. Muscles tremble with dread. Please let him get there in time.
In his continued scrutiny, Cas deduces, “You’ve told me that you have a younger brother, but never mentioned an older one. I can only assume that means you are the eldest. Eldest sons hardly ever join the military.”
Cas fiddles with his phone as he leans against a street light. His eyes scan the street in either direction as his head remains bent over it. It’s late, a little after one in the morning, and the street is deserted. He’s been out here for a little over half an hour, and his friends should be wrapping up the job. Making key impressions takes no time at all, and the company has a list of all of the alarm codes written down on a paper near the office phone. It’s like they did all of the leg work for them.
Cas jerks him up to lean against his chest and takes his swollen dick in hand, even as he continues the lascivious grind. “Everything about you is gorgeous, you know that? You have the prettiest cock I’ve ever seen.”
Cas smiles and just hearing Dean’s voice call to him from outside the bathroom makes him eager to get back in the circle of his arms. Dean carries himself with such strength and certainty that Cas can’t help but feel safe with him. He’s also grown addicted to his natural scent. It’s masculine and clean, with a hint of fir tree and cedar mixed with a sweet spice. Nutmeg, maybe.
Dean looks at the ceiling, trying to relax. Cas pushes in small increments, firm but gentle. Dean knows that something has to give. He feels the drag of his flesh being pulled in with the intrusion. He closes his eyes, concentrating on letting go. Abruptly, that broad head pops through and Dean can feel Cas moving inside.
Cas rolls his eyes and mutters about him being a patronizing asshole. “Besides, I need to build up my energy level for whatever you have planned for later.”
“It’s okay, kid. We invited ourselves along to try to speed up the process. If we’re all briefed at once, we can set things in motion today and get you back to your normal life as soon as possible.”
I'm having great fun with this story, in large part because of the conversations with you wonderful readers. Please stop by and leave a comment. They honestly make my day.
A shark-like grin spreads. “Of course not. However, Cassie has made himself invaluable to his brother lately, so as soon as he sees him, I’m sure he’ll need him for something.”
Cas shouts his satisfaction, Russian curses and praises raining down on Dean, who’s too fucked out to translate them. His limbs have dropped, his body gone boneless and weak. The only movement he’s capable of is turning on his side when Cas flops down beside him.
Dean smiles and takes another sip. He hasn’t seen Cas nervous like this before, and it’s remarkably charming.
“You left me chained up while you got high with your friends, you narcissistic prick! Who does that?”
Dean is overcome. Cas has him in a stranglehold, but it is pure bliss. The heat of Cas’s body sends a wave of flames over his skin. Dean feels a bead of sweat trickle at his temple. He is panting out breathy curses before Cas is fully seated. Nothing has ever felt this good, this right.
The man stares with the arrogance of royalty. He awaits recognition by his inferior, and Dean isn’t going to give him the satisfaction. Honestly, he would rather lick the floor of a brothel clean than speak one word to this man.
Cas kisses his furrowed brow before continuing. “Do you remember at the hotel? After that intense spanking, you were dropping hard and you almost didn’t let me take care of you. You denied me the same way last week.”
Cas enjoys the view, listens to the silence, and breathes deep. Most of all, he watches Dean. The trees are causing sunlight to filter in to reach them in a dappled pattern. The contrast of light and dark make Dean’s face even more intriguing. His freckles stand out in the sunny patches, and suddenly Cas has the intense need to memorize the location of each one.
Dean pulls him down into his arms, letting his head rest against his chest. That Cas goes willingly is reason enough to be concerned. “Hey, you’re still you, Cas. That’s all that matters.”
Maybe it’s simply because he’s submitting to Dean’s request, but this innocuous act of removing a shirt is suddenly the sexiest thing Dean’s ever seen. Cas drops the shirt in Dean’s lap and leans over for a brief, but blistering, kiss. “Damn,” Dean sighs when Cas stands up again, addled by how well Cas plays him.
Dean’s hunter instincts wake him up long before any of the others stir. It could be that something dangerous is lurking nearby, but he doesn’t think so. Besides, word of Castiel’s retribution spread through the camp like wildfire yesterday. No one is stupid enough to challenge him now.
When Dean reaches up to wipe his mouth, Cas instinctively stops the movement, but never takes his eyes from Dean’s. He doesn’t want to push too hard. He has realized that Dean’s seduction must be meticulous and slow if it is to be successful. Overt sexuality did nothing but push him into panic and fear. Cas is trying a new approach. If inviting him into his sexual exploits won’t work, he will woo Dean. He will ply him with gifts, treat him with deference and sweetness. He will win him over.
“Because I’m trying to show you what mindset I was in. I don’t think you’ll understand it without feeling it yourself.”
“Get rid of those,” Cas commands as he steps back, gesturing at his pants. Dean fumbles with the fly and shoves them down without hesitation. Cas opens the fly of his pants and pulls out his straining cock. With a languorous stroke to his own dick, Cas steps back in and squeezes Dean in a firm grip. He sucks in a harsh breath, and Cas whispers in his ear, “You don’t get to come, so get that out of your mind right now.”
“Fuck, you are adorable,” Cas growls and grinds up into him. Dean gasps and joins in to stoke the flames again. Once they are panting and breathless, Cas pulls back to ask, “Can I ask you to indulge me in another kink of mine?”
“Questions?” Dean asks as a kind dismissal, equal parts dejected and thrilled to be rid of the man wreaking havoc on his brain.
Cas curls his bottom lip under his teeth, a very human reaction that Dean has never seen before. There is uncertainty in his eyes. “You said that you hadn’t been with a man, not really. Meaning you have some experience, correct?”
Dean texts Cas before noon the next day to tell him that he’s been called to Mikhail’s office. Cas has been in his own office, just down the hall from the Pakhan’s, since nine, but he can’t seem to get any work done. He’s simply biding his time before the inevitable confrontation. He knows that giving in to his old friend is the best political play, but it doesn’t make it any easier to hand Dean over into his care. His skin feels too tight, his whole body on edge, despite a full night of sexual gratification.
Dean is distracted by the psychopath at the defendant’s table. Instead of talking to Dean, he’s using his eyes and body language to communicate. It’s nauseating, repulsive, but he can’t help but track whenever the man moves. His predator sense is pinging at an alarming rate.
He complies immediately. As Cas talks, his hand falls to the back of Dean’s neck and pushes down, forcing him to lower his chest to the towel-covered leather, arms out in front of him. “I’m going to open you up for me, but we’re going to play with some of these toys before I fuck you. Once I bury my come inside you, I don’t want any of it getting out.”
They grin at each other, pride radiating from both of them as they congratulate themselves on their stellar intellects. Until Cas’s face falls suddenly. “Fuck. We still don’t know what this means.”
Cas kisses him tenderly while he adds a middle finger to caress Dean’s puckered knot of muscle. “Have you ever taken anything in your ass?”
When Dean flops indelicately into the chair, Benny starts, “Someone put GHB in your drink last night, and if it wasn’t for your friend who got you off the dance floor and tracked me down, who knows what could have happened. He helped me get you into my car and I took you to the ER.”
Speaking of his friend, and now lover, Castiel catches sight of Dean approaching through the foliage. He is barely containing his fury, and it becomes clear why when a guard steps right behind him. Dean is still nude, and the guard is entirely too close to him. Cas stalks towards them with possession in his eyes and aggression in his stance.
He shuts his eyes as bile burns his throat and turns his head into Dean’s. He breathes in that scent that is becoming so familiar and lets it center him. Cas makes a silent vow that he will thwart that asshole’s every attempt to get to Dean. He won’t let the man near enough to have any part of Dean, including his fear. He will keep Dean safe, and he will never know he was in danger.
Begrudgingly, Bart hands it to him. The envelope has been opened, which Dean acknowledges. Bart looks away guiltily.
This morning, he crossed off a dozen or so locations that he thought would be interesting to his intrepid photographer. Tonight, he will troll through as many clubs as it takes to find his mate. It will be difficult to find him by scent, especially in the crowded spots that seem to draw young people to this island. He and Cas are both under 30, but the tourists he’s seen since his arrival make him feel ancient in comparison. They are frivolous and dim with no life experience or education to recommend them. He might be generalizing a bit, but if he is forced to chit chat with another vapid coed with a good tan, he might just have an aneurysm.
“Fuck, sweetheart. I am. I’m right there,” he promises. Dean shouts as his body seizes up, his pearly come striping the inked skin of Cas's abdomen. Clenching muscles ripple around him, and Cas pulses his own come deep inside of Dean with a roar.
Dean’s cheeks pink up a little at being caught mooning over his boyfriend. Sam’s eyebrows hit his hairline in response. “Holy shit, Dean. You’re blushing? Who is this guy?”
Dean has never loved this man more than he does in this moment. He knows that they just agreed to become parents, even if temporarily, and it should terrify them both. Instead, Cas looks like an avenging angel, ready to tear down the world to protect a fragile little life.
Cas watched with a thoughtful look before nodding and turning over to burrow into his pillow. After long moments, hearing nothing but the fire crackle, Dean heard a murmured “Thank you.”
His first task is to help Cas disrobe. He’s been looking forward to this. He still hasn’t found the piercing that Cas mentioned, so there’s really only one place it could be, and he’s chomping at the bit to get his hands on it. Cas shrugs off the kimono-style silky robe, letting it drop into Dean’s hands. Over his shoulder, Cas catches his eye and then nods. Dean slides his hands down Cas’s sides, taking the black silk with them. When he bends, his face is mere millimeters from the angel’s ample, muscular ass. It takes everything in Dean not to bite it. Sucking in a breath, he reasons, “Not here. Not now.”
He has untangled the last little mystery holding his Gordian Knot together, and now he is on the prowl for his prize. How much time has he wasted by not knowing the right questions to ask? No more. Cas asked for space today, but he doesn’t know what Dean knows. He will not be dissuaded.
“Oh, Jesus,” Dean blasphemes. His cock jerks at the soft give of muscle. Cas really is ready. Tearing his gaze away, he is mesmerized by the sight of where they are almost connected. “I didn’t realize how badly I wanted this.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. That wasn’t my intention. You have to know I’m worried, and she just surprised me. That’s all.”
It only takes a few minutes to get Claire squared away, but by then she is too excited to call Bobby and blab about Dean’s program to her friends to want to hang out with Cas like they had planned. Honestly, seeing Dean in his element changed the trajectory of his day, too, and he’s fine letting her bail on him.
Dean looks up from his seat on the couch to see what Cas is up to. His brother’s roommate is leaning in the doorway holding a small bottle of Bulleit bourbon in one hand and rocks glasses in the other. The lop-sided tilt of his lips and the arch of a raised brow call to Dean’s adventurous and mischievous streak.
Dean’s distress is answer enough, and Cas just chuckles, “Of course you don’t. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
His valiant soldier, built from heavy, thick muscle, looks bashful and his cheeks pink with a blush. Cas loves the faint freckles that give him a boyish charm.
Dean can feel the slide of Cas against his walls. He’s so thick that every bit of friction is hitting his prostate in a continual rub. A high keening sound comes out of his mouth, which is still hanging open. His hands grip tightly into the sheets.
“There’s nowhere else I’d rather be, baby.” Dean’s hands slide over so much skin, finding leverage on Cas’s body to take the first experimental stroke. His head tips forward against his neck.
Dean hurries to the kitchens to take care of the bullshit task he’s been given. There is a thread dangling here for him to unravel. He needs some fresh air to think. He gives quick instruction to the staff before heading to the gardens. The first crisp, lungful of air clears his head.
More than an exhausting hour later, he makes it to the ledge of the fissure, only to be greatly disappointed. The light is filtering down into the mountain, but it isn’t the same view that he expects. The beach isn’t there and neither is the cave that has become his home. Cas lets his head drop to the rock, gathering enough strength to make the climb to the top. This part of the mountain might not be part of the illusion, but certainly the peak of the mountain is. There is a path through the interior all the way to the top, after all.
On a sudden inhale, she pats his knee with her manicured hand and exclaims, “Well, I’m happy that you came by because I have some news for you, my dear.”
Dean has no hope of defying this terrifying seraph. Every cell in his body is brought to heel. His mind is no longer his own, and his soul weeps at disappointing Castiel. He is bowled over onto his ass when the angel first speaks, and he cowers there, awaiting his punishment. Trembling, he listens to the glass-shattering tones while his ears bleed.
Dean shakes off the thoughts because that’s not what he should want. He should be focused on her. He should want her mouth, which isn’t remotely interesting at the moment. Dean can feel the saliva building in his mouth, and he has to swallow hard against the desire to feel the velvety skin brush past his lips. He wonders at the taste. Would he be salty? Would he taste like the ever-present spice in the air? As he stares, mesmerized, he knows that Castiel’s estimation was generous. He couldn’t fit even a third of that gorgeous dick in his mouth without gagging. But he would try. God, would he try.  Castiel is beautiful and strong, and Dean desperately wants to lick him everywhere.
Dean reaches for his cock, hanging hard between his legs under the edge of the table. Cas quickly snatches his hand away and lays it flat on the table next to his head. His grip keeps it completely immobile. Cas makes a chastising sound when Dean tries to pull away. “No, sweetheart. It’s time to receive your punishment. You will not come, by my hand or your own.”
The quiet that he’d been wanting since he arrived is now a curse. Straining to hear even the faintest evidence of another human, his ears practically throb. He can only breathe shallowly around his aching ribs.
It had been easy to play off the terror of having a stalker because he had to put on a brave face for Cas, but the truth is that every time he felt uneasy and insecure, he took solace in Cas’s arms. Now, his refuge against the storm is just…gone. He has friends and family, but no one understands him and brings out his strengths like the brash, prickly artist with the old soul eyes and golden heart.
That kiss was real. His stomach twists at the thought of it. He licks his lips, hoping against reason that he might catch a hint of Cas’s taste. When he doesn’t, he sighs. He was lonely before this bizarre week, but now that loneliness has a name and a voice.
He’s worn out and running on fumes, and he still has to put in several hours of case work when he leaves the DA’s office. It was trying enough working essentially two full time jobs. Adding in the trial is pushing him over the tipping point.
Cas lifts Dean’s leg up to his shoulder, and braces himself. His hips snap forward, creating a loud slap that he can feel jarring his bones. Dean feels it too, and it echoes through his body and out of his mouth as a breathy shout. Cas sets a rough pace, pounding into Dean, pushing and shoving him towards completion.
“Don’t give me that pitying tone, Sam. God damn it. This is exactly why I don’t talk about him.” Dean jumps up and stalks into the kitchen.
The subject matter could easily make it erotic or even garish, but instead, the painting gives him the feeling that having Dean like this is something that Cas treasures. The painting is a reflection of Cas’s appreciation.
For the rest of their meal, they only have eyes for each other. With each little nibble of food, Dean teases Cas with his curling tongue and nipping teeth. Cas teases back, much to Dean’s delight. He rubs honey along Dean’s lips, watching intently as he licks them clean, and then does it again. By the time his stomach is content, Dean is full of his own heat and desire. He wants to get away from this location, wants to be back in their private room, but they can’t leave quite yet.
“I am sorry. I did not speak for no-”. He stops. Shakes his head. That isn’t right. “I have reasons for hiding.”
Dean is greeted by a veritable fog of smoke in Castiel’s chambers. Somewhere deep in the dense white, he makes out the outline of the prince. For the first time, the guards seem to sympathize with him before shutting the doors. Long minutes pass without words from either of them. Seeing as it is his current job to serve, he hesitantly asks if Castiel needs anything.
Dean is melting into this sweet acceptance. He knows how huge of a step this is for Cas. He knows that he would never trust anyone else with this, which makes pride flair in his chest. He can’t help but react to the physical reality, either. Cas is an inferno that squeezes him so tight, even with plenty of stretching and copious amounts of lube. His inner walls are milking him with every advance and retreat.
He has been placed in a position of some privilege, within earshot of the queen herself, and away from most of the other guests. As a tactician, Castiel appreciates that his seat says more about the queen’s favor than she would ever admit to. Either she is curious about him, or she hopes to take advantage of the fact that a seraph sits at her table. Whichever it is, he is receiving a multitude of glances, some more bold than he prefers.
“Cas, fuck. Too good. Perfect.” Dean babbles as their kiss breaks to breathe against each other’s skin.
Hearing it breaks Dean’s heart. He’s never been more angry at those that took him. “Baby, you may not remember being the boy I fell for, but you’ve become the man I fall for more every day. I love you. Just as you are.”
Moments after Cas is out of his pants, Dean reaches to pull his shirt over his head. Fingers brushing over the monochromatic artwork, Dean praises Cas’s beauty with his mouth. He still moves slowly, telegraphing his intentions with plenty of time for Cas to stop him if he needs to. It doesn’t happen, it rarely does anymore. Instead, Cas leans into his touch, tilts his head to give him more freedom to touch wherever he wants.
The massage is meant to build sexual energy and help disperse it throughout the body. Quiet helps both partners focus on the feel of each other, become more in tune. He didn’t tell Dean this, but like so many other times, Dean just instinctively knows what is right in the circumstance.
“Your highness, this is no place for you. This man is extremely dangerous, and I would hate to see you come to harm.”
As he gets closer, Dean can see a chain around his neck: not a necklace, but a chain with a lock. He has small barbells through his left brow, and his worn black motorcycle jacket covers an old, faded Iggy Pop shirt. The stretched-out neckline slides low enough to catch the edges of some intriguing lines of ink along his collarbone. On top of all that is a fine spattering of blood, mostly across his face and neck.
The blood red coat is tapered from neck to hips in a long line of small buttons beneath frog closures. The fit of it is tailored to Castiel’s frame, and it requires a button hook to close each of the dozens of buttons. Dean holds the coat up to allow Castiel to put his arms in. Once it is on, Dean slowly slides his hands down the line of his shoulders. While he is ensuring that the coat lays right, the firm touch is for him. In a few long drags of his hands, he tries to memorize the feel of the muscle beneath his hands.
Dean thinks his next statement. “I asked why we’re suddenly able to speak telepathically, but I think we just answered the question.”
“Look at you, Dean. So fucking beautiful.” One of Cas’s arms holds his chest firmly, so there is no way he will slip. “Your cock is drooling, baby. Can you feel that sticky, warm puddle on your belly?”
John sits next to him and digs a file out of his briefcase. He opens it and Cas watches him pull out the arrest report and notes.
Cas concedes easily. Of course he does. ‘Whatever Dean wants’ seems to be his new mantra. When they step out on the roof, he’s glad he did. The view is spectacular as the evening is threatening to descend over the sunny day, squashing its airy light down to a concentrated gold. Dean leads them to an open booth that looks more like two cozy futons facing each other over a long coffee table. They’re on the north edge of the building, occupying the perfect vantage point for both sunset and port views.
Well, no shit. This is Pasadena and it’s 6 p.m. Of course he is stuck in traffic, which is why Dean had tried to convince him to move this meeting to later in the evening or to a different location. Any other location, in fact.
As his tongue continues to play over Cas’s lips, he replies, “I’ve watched you bring three people to orgasm at the same time. I didn’t think gentleman was in your vocabulary.”
Dean hums approval, turning his head to the side to watch Cas. He pours some of the warm oil over Dean’s chest and then straddles his hips. His long, elegant fingers are stronger than they look. Dean moans his appreciation as they glide silkily over tight muscles.
Dean sees the twinge of disappointment in Cas’s eyes before he gets hold of it. Cas thinks he wants to hide their relationship. That was not his intention at all, and it won’t do to let Cas feel hurt of any kind.
He has to change the angle a little to fit in beneath Dean’s cock. The fit is tight, even with Dean still fairly soft. It’s still another cock in the tiny hole that normally clenches around him hard enough to steal his breath. As Cas uses his fingers to help make room for himself in the cramped space, Dean’s eyes are squeezed tight and he’s panting harshly.
Cas’s body locks up with a shout. The images sear into his mind’s eye, and then he’s doing it for real. Hot splashes of come jet out onto Dean’s stomach and chest. As soon as the first one erupts, Dean sounds his pleasure. “Oh god, so perfect. Fuck, Cas. I’m coming, too.”
Nothing else exists but the man at his feet practically drooling to get his mouth on Cas’s body. That and his bratty, willful disobedience. Castiel doesn’t even think before he acts. He picks Dean up under his arms to make him stand as Cas does. The shock on his face calms a little of the need to dominate him. Still, he manhandles Dean to turn around so he is facing away from him, and then pulls him down in his lap as he sits.
A sudden flurry of activity is stirred by his words. Mary peeks around the corner of the kitchen, brilliant smile in place. “Oh, you’re right on time! Dinner is just about ready.”
Flopping down on the army blanket, he hisses at the forgotten bruising across his ass. His weight makes dust pop up all around him in a haze. He gasps and chokes before getting up to shake it out. The sheets underneath look threadbare and yet still stiff. Wonderful. Even while actively trying to rein in his more fussy instincts, he can’t help but compare his new accommodations with those he had this morning. The Envoy this is not. Nothing against the guys he’s temporarily living with, but they aren’t Cas, either.
Dropping his hands, he spits out the words he never thought he would utter. “I would let men use my mouth to get off.”
“Damn, Cas,” he whispers as his thumbs rub over sharp hip bones. “I already want to drop to my knees for you.”
The silence assaults Dean’s ears. The atmosphere in the room is pressurized, ready to burst. Castiel is not happy to see him, but he expected as much. The prince had stuck his neck out to help Dean, and he repaid that debt by trying to escape. The intensity of his anger is quite surprising, though. Cas has always been relaxed and in command. Dean knows he must be missing something. Of course, he hasn’t understood more than a few words spoken to him since he was caught last night, so he’ll have to ask Cas directly. Maybe once he has time to calm down.
“Can you take it a little harder, baby?” Cas is panting, at war with himself about how to proceed. He wants this to last, wants them exhausted before he comes, but watching Dean is snapping every shred of control. His stunning sub is writhing, begging, heaving in ecstasy, and he can’t help but be affected by his visceral, guileless responses. His heart is aching at the utter beauty of watching Dean fall apart under him.
He tips his glass up for a sip just as Dean leans in to his ear and whispers, “If you beat my ass cherry red before you fuck me, I’ll come untouched.”
“Yeah, but I recognize that look,” Dean sighs as he clomps up the stairs behind him. “That is your focused artist face. You are not thinking about ripping my clothes off.”
Dean is taken aback by the effusive praise, but gives his most charming smile in return. “The honor is mine. You’ve really captured Cas’s creativity.”
“I lost everything today, you fucking asshole!” Cas spits venom as he strikes over and over. He feels resistance tugging him away, but he shrugs it off. His will to inflict damage is too great to be dissuaded. “He’s gone! He’s fucking gone, and you just get to walk away!”
Cas closes his eyes and all he can see is Dean’s face as he left him tonight. He looked devastated by Cas’s words, raw and aching. What is he going to say if Cas can’t get out of this situation? Dean was very clear about his values, what he could and couldn’t put up with. Dammit.
The doors of the elevator open up in the middle of the apartment, which occupies the entire floor. Cas has seen enough of Moscow’s elite being awestruck by the view to know how special it is. They are facing Red Square and have a picturesque look down onto St. Basil’s Cathedral, which is a beloved icon of Russian culture.
Crying out with sweat dripping from his temples and pooling in the hollow of his throat, Dean pleads, “I need…to touch…please, baby.”
Without urgency, Cas steps up to peer down at the man. “It looks like you need something from the clinic now, doesn’t it? It’s too bad that Dean won’t be offering any treatment.”
Cas closes his eyes to process the beautiful sensations of feeling Dean’s cock caressing his own. He huffs out a laugh. “Yes, well. One of us should be eloquent.”
Cas nods curtly and takes his hand to guide him. Dean can see by his reaction that he feels the tremors there, but thankfully he holds his tongue.
Every time he thinks about how it felt to have Dean inside his body, he shivers. The push and pull, the slippery slide of his cock opening him up. It was…beyond description. He felt so close to Dean, so connected. He’d had to fight back tears when Dean finally gave in to his orgasm. It was so much more than a physical release, and he didn’t quite know what to make of it.
Except, Dean sucks in a breath and shivers at his touch. Cas freezes, needing a clear signal for how to proceed. When several moments tick by, Dean stretches into the pose he is holding. Pushing his ass up until it makes contact with Castiel’s groin, Dean squeezes his cheeks and rubs them to make sure he has Cas’s full attention.
Dean hears the words, and gladly allows his anger to reignite. It’s the only comfortable reaction he has in his arsenal against the angel. Anything else feels vulnerable.
The warning look he receives is quite sexy, commanding and expected to be obeyed. Hot damn. Dean is, at the very least, attracted to him.
Dean hums in appreciation but doesn’t interrupt his husband; instead he continues his light caressing and scent-marking. It’s incredibly soothing and doing a lot for Cas’s courage.
Shaking his head, Dean mutters, “smartass” but grins while he says it. He watches Cas as he leisurely teases his way down his body, lifting goosebumps of pleasure wherever his lips touch.
With Bart still sobbing, Cas drags him back to his feet and shoves him toward the guard who has been anxiously watching the entire scene. Alexei is awake again, warily watching as well. Cas nods to Alexei, who bows to him formally. It isn’t a common occurrence with the Russians, but an unmistakable show of respect.
Cas looks away, confusion etched into his brow. Dean listens to his own words. If he would truly do anything for him, then he needs to do the hardest thing. Tears filling his eyes, he blinks them away and holds a hand out for Cas to take. He looks at it suspiciously, which creates yet another rift in Dean’s hemorrhaging heart. Dropping his hand, he woodenly tells Cas to follow him.
Cas doesn’t look away from the Pakhan, but his focus shifts to Dean. He is nonchalant, seemingly unphased by the contentious atmosphere surrounding him. Cas knows him better than that, though. Their communication doesn’t need dialog; just some subtle gestures. Cas raises an eyebrow minutely. Should he step in? Dean furrows his brow and shakes his head with a curt little movement. The Avtoritet isn’t sure if he is relieved or disappointed by it. He is proud of Dean, but he’s also a man who likes to take care of those he loves. He wants to beat his chest and push his power around to impress the young man. Instead, he respects his wishes.
Clenching his jaw, Dean centers himself before responding. “I was simply trying to be a good guest by taking interest in my hosts.”
When they are seated at the large, rustic table lit up by candles of all sizes, the staff approach immediately with chilled vodka and bottles of wine. They toast with the vodka, and before Dean has set his glass down, their first course is set in front of them. This treatment is lavish, and it would be so easy to relax and enjoy it at face value. He’s not that trusting, though, especially after the first time he met this man, so he keeps his senses attuned for anything that might tip Mikhail’s hand; might explain what he’s trying to accomplish by pulling out all the stops for a lowly recruit.
“Time, space, climate, even physical properties such as gravity don’t have to apply there if they don’t wish it.”
Cas moves over him with fluid confidence, hitting every spot that makes Dean shiver with unerring precision. In no time, his head is thrown back, his back arching. Having Cas touch him is beyond his dreams, beyond his many imaginings, and beyond all comprehension.
Dean’s blinking back tears before they form, watching his last hope drift out of reach. After what he’s done, his enemies will mutilate him, use him as a warning for others. It will be a painful, merciless death. It appears that Castiel will be pulling up a front row seat to watch the entertainment. “You’re right. I did say that.”
Dean focuses on keeping his hips still, which is much more difficult than he would have thought. He’s so used to being an active participant in his pleasure that to simply lay there and feel requires true restraint. Having the dull ache throbbing on his ass makes it even more trying. He already wants to writhe against Cas’s tongue, beg for more. Jesus. They’ve barely begun. He needs to get himself under control, or the next several hours are going to kill him.
“I wanted to feed you first, but I need to take you.” Cas tugs on the plug, rocking it back and forth to loosen its grip. “Right. Now. I can’t wait.”
With a brilliantly smug smile, Dean thanks her. Cas sips his coffee, glaring at Dean. “That doesn’t prove anything. She’s obviously insane.”
John huffs out a sigh. “Son, you’re going in whether you like it or not, so why not make it easier on everyone.”
Cas is trembling and then seizes up as he explodes inside of Dean with a shout. After the initial pulses subside, he groans in relief. “Fuck. That was amazing.”
Teasing at Dean’s entrance to allow them both a breath to settle, Cas dips a slick finger into him. Back and forth, he pushes and pulls, loving the soft heat inside. It is a gorgeous thing to watch as well. He is swallowed up by Dean’s greedy body, and he has to exert pressure when he wants to be released.
Cas rolled his eyes and shook his head. Dean caught some of his muttering, but his vocabulary is still growing.
“I’m going to close my eyes for a bit.” Cas runs fingers through his hair until his breathing evens out.
A pinched look settles on Cas’s face. “Struggling is not acceptable. I want you to be comfortable, Dean.”
Alex contemplates his answer. “The best way to do that is to be there for Castiel. He does not do well when he feels helpless. He needs you right now. Continue to be his rock, and for god’s sake, don’t let him go back to what he was before you.”
Cas isn’t going to survive this day. He closes his eyes to breathe through the wave of lust that overtakes him at the innocent question that feels so much like giving over control. Fuck. At least he doesn’t need to worry about coming up with a fantasy to jerk off to later. That one sight will suffice for the next few weeks. Or longer.
“Billions of men have lived on this planet, and billions more will come after them. After meeting you, though, I can’t imagine having to settle for anyone else. You are utter perfection.”
Cas rolls his eyes and snaps his fingers, setting the room back to rights. “We don’t have time to argue right now, Dean. I have to get you ready for the ceremony tonight.”
For every man, Dean has a number of rehearsed topics that he can use to chat them up. Just as Cas requested, he knows their businesses, their families, their personalities. For example, he knows that Ilya here has spent multiple years in prison for car theft, and that when he was just a boy, had his index finger cut off by an angry car owner that caught him. Now in his late forties, Ilya owns several garages that focus on racing and renovation, and a high end dealership. His crew runs into the hundreds, and he is known as a fair boss. He is the one that Dean is most looking forward to working with.
“Do you like your massager, pet?” The question seems innocent, but Cas has switched to his middle finger, which he slicked up with an obscene amount of lube. It slides in without resistance, all the way to the webbing. When it is sheathed as far into Dean as he can get it, he bounces it in and out with furious, short thrusts that steal Dean’s breath and short out his mind.
“There’s something I didn’t tell you that day. I could tell that he was interested in you. That’s why I asked you to kiss me in front of everyone. I thought that would make him back off.”
Cas blinks at him, awestruck. Dean is so open and free with his sexuality that it amazes him sometimes. The more he learns, the more intriguing Dean becomes. A small smile lifts the corners of his mouth. “So, since you approve of my kinks, will you let me see?”
Cas winks at him, letting him stew in his own kinky juices. Dean leans his head back into the chair and mumbles, “Shit.”
“About five years ago,” Cas replies. Dean knows that he says it to push Sam further, but he isn’t going to chastise him about it. Sam is being a dick.
If Castiel hadn’t witnessed it himself, he never would have believed it possible. He still isn’t quite sure that he’s in possession of all his mental faculties. It takes him until the creature is within reach for him to physically respond. He stands abruptly and steps over the bench, hoping to keep more than his priceless heirloom between them.
“I’m just glad you’re here and safe.” Luke’s eyes are getting heavy, so Cas doesn’t reply, just lets him drift off. When his breathing evens out, Cas asks the medic in a detached, icy voice, “Will he survive?”
Just like that, the art show is over and Cas has his full attention. He drags Dean’s hand across to the only vacant spot on his torso, and then down towards his stomach.
She narrows her gaze and purses her lips. “Well, you will before the 26th. That’s when you have your meeting with Bianca.”
“He’s being modest. He put four men in the hospital and came to me without a scratch on him.” Cas’s casual comment sends murmurs of appreciation through the group.
Cas stands and offers his hand down for Dean. When he’s on his feet, Cas takes him by surprise and grips his cock in a punishing hold. Dean tries to jerk away, but he is literally caught. He huffs out a pained whine, but Cas takes his jaw in his other hand to force his attention up. Cas looks every bit the dominant now; head high, shoulders back, and calm resolve in his eyes.
When he smooths his hand over Cas’s heart, he stops and pulls away to look. It takes a half dozen blinks before he can process it. The blank spot is gone, and Cas’s entire chest is finally complete.
“Oh, I do. I enjoy that immensely. But I adore you, Dean. I’m willing to keep trying new ways to express myself.”
“That, I don’t know. I’ve never dealt with the Fae. I don’t know anyone who has. Let me put some feelers out and see if anyone can send us in the right direction.”
The challenge comes sooner than he anticipates. Castiel stands in front of where he is chained to the wall, eyeing him like he wants to eat him alive. Dean spits at him, “This isn’t going to happen, Castiel.”
So they mean to keep Dean enslaved, even with Castiel present. Knowing Dean as he does, this is going to make Castiel’s job infinitely more challenging. Just broaching the subject of being kept here against his will is going to be a hard sell.
‘And now we are back to Castiel.’ The prince realizes that Dean is slipping away. He has probably already decided that he doesn’t want to move forward with their relationship. Letting himself truly believe what he has been worried about for days doesn’t set him free. He feels despair like an anchor drag him under. With sorrow in his eyes, and without another word, he leaves.
The furrow in his brow speaks a wealth of sadness and regrets. “You shouldn’t be here, laying on this broken-down mattress in a fucking hovel. You are too good for this.”
Cas is watching his reactions. He can see the debate warring behind his eyes. Trying to think through the experience was probably the wrong approach. Dean is so tactile that the only thing capable of convincing him will be to experience it. Cas slides him backward off his lap and tells him to turn over. He pulls and guides Dean into a position that will keep him comfortable.
He’s also refreshed and ready for more debauchery. Stretching, he catches Cas’s attention. He turns the TV off immediately.
All the way to the închisoare, Castiel plans what to say to the prisoner. From their one brief conversation, he knows that the man’s command of French is barely passable, and there is no way that Cas is ready to reveal his knowledge of English. That’s a priceless bit of subterfuge that he’s held onto for the long months that he has been back in the country. He refuses to waste it now if it isn’t necessary.
“I’m not going to break, Cas. You already give me special treatment. Your men will never respect me if you keep coddling me.” Dean sits on the bed carefully.
“No, I fucking love it, Cas,” Dean meets his eye and confesses guilelessly, “There isn’t anything about you that I didn’t crave while we were apart.”
Dean hums his assent. “I know it’s a long shot, but if I can get the charges dismissed, would you consider taking me back?”
Alexei is losing consciousness, but looks to Dean. “I am sorry. If I had told you, he would have killed me.”
Throughout the piece, the instrument’s range is tested. It requires intricate runs, delicate pianissimos, and galloping repeating phrases. Sweat beads on his brow as he plays, his face breaking into a tight furrow of concentration and passion. When he lifts the bow from the strings, he sighs. Satisfaction wars with sentimentality. His grandmother would have loved to hear him play that piece. He tips his head against the scroll and catches his breath.
“He was in a doctoral program at CalTech.”  Jimmy lifts his brow in surprise. That’s impressive as hell. Is he smart enough to pull that off? He contemplates it while Dean continues his story.
Dean spends his morning learning how to cater to the bratty prince’s every whim. The sheer volume of tasks that he will be expected to perform for the man tips his mood toward cataclysmic.
Without the other body to lean on, Dean can’t help but pitch forward. He wraps a leaden arm around Cas’s neck and tucks his head in. Cas puts an arm around him to keep him vertical. Dean takes it as invitation and slobbers wet kisses down his neck, his other hand running up and down Cas’s side. He grits his teeth against the urge to push him away.
To give them both better leverage, Cas collects Dean’s hands above his head and leans into the connection. Their foreheads touch, their sweat, dripping now from their exertions, either collects in all their dips and hollows or creates slick against the friction of Cas pounding into Dean with abandon.
It doesn’t take long to figure out what Dean is up to. He drags Cas to the showers after lunch, when everyone else in their cell block should be out in the yard. Grigory stands vigilantly at the entrance to the room, ensuring their privacy. It’s the first time they’ve been alone here, and Cas is impressed by Dean’s ingenuity.
Dean seems to be processing, but he doesn’t ask another question. Cas decides to prompt. “Is that all you wanted to ask?”
When they pull back to rest their foreheads together and drag in much needed air, Dean looks drugged. “Wow,” he pants. “I am a very lucky man.”
When Dean is back on his feet, he pulls back just enough to move his lips to their rightful place on Cas’s. They moan in stereo at the gentle touch because it’s been so long since they’ve been allowed; their sense memories had begun to fade. Now that they can touch again, it’s like reliving their firsts all over again.
When Meg comes back to finish Dean’s tattoo, he is subdued. There is none of his flirtatious charm or snarky sass. Cas notices, just as he always seems to catch the subtlety of Dean’s moods lately. Monitoring him surreptitiously, Cas finishes his artwork for Doug before Meg completes the last touches of shading.
Dean is thoughtful in his contemplation. He takes the facecloth from Cas and asks with a raised brow if Cas will allow it. He doesn’t decline, so Dean cleans and re-soaps the cloth, bringing it slowly to Cas’s chest. Once he has him lathered using slow, firm strokes, he turns them to put Cas under the delicate rain pouring down.
When Castiel sees Dean’s eyes and hears his nickname being choked out of him, he relents. In a millisecond, Castiel resumes his normal shape and size. The music has stopped and all eyes are on him. The fear is so palpable that he can smell it. Good. Now that they have all seen the power he can unleash, they might back off and give them some privacy.
“No! Absolutely not!” Castiel jumps to his feet and storms towards the guards when they wrestle Dean into his chambers in fresh leg irons. “He is not welcome here!”
“He’s been following me. He was at my office and at my home. When I was out at a club with my roommate, he drugged me.”
Castiel can feel Dean’s eyes on him, but he doesn’t try to provoke a reaction. He lets the man look his fill, hoping that these days of intimately attending to his dressing and undressing are finally wearing down his resistance. If he would only soften a bit towards Castiel, they might become friends while they are waiting for the Royal Navy to come retrieve their ‘errant’ soldier and take him home. He hasn’t told Dean what he is doing on his behalf, wanting it to be a surprise once he has a confirmed response from the British.
Cas licks his lips, “You’re perfect. You feel like heaven.” Cas circles his hips, grinding deep into him. Dean leans into the feeling and lets go with another blissful sound.
Cas grins, his breathing ragged. “Nothing. I just want you to stay. Sit with me, and let me look at you. You’re beautiful.”
Dean shrugs. “We have to request a lot of genetic testing for the kids going through the system, so that brought it to mind. Obviously, I can’t request that for you through the state, so I started looking at commercial companies. This one seemed to be the best.”
“If I didn’t want to be there, I would have just gone home.” Dean lifts a brow this time, challenging Cas and his assumptions. He concedes with a nod of his head and then stares down into his glass. The next question that he asks Dean pops out without thinking it through. “Are you seeing anyone?”
“I might have been paying attention when you wore boxers around the apartment.” His admission makes his cheeks burn, but it’s the least mortifying thing he could say in this instance.
He isn’t intentionally trying to challenge Cas, but he was gathering information, and the questions are coming to him rapid fire. “Earlier, you were trying to settle my mind, but it didn’t work. Why?”
Dean’s back bows as Cas takes him ruthlessly. His eyes roll back in bliss. Words are completely beyond him.
“Love isn’t about who deserves it and who doesn’t. It’s about what you both want. If you love him, you love all of him, and you do what needs to be done to be together.”
Candles are lit everywhere, that blessed incense burning. Cas is wearing only loose pants, his chest and feet bare. Dean waits patiently for him to finish the cycle he is working through. When he turns to start it over again, he sees Dean watching.
“You will do as you’re told, learn what you need to know, and stay out of trouble.” Bart’s voice holds barely restrained contempt, and it’s almost too much for Dean to take on top of the perfidious hand he’s been dealt by the person he’d come to trust even more than Sam.
Cas shrugs and rests his arm on the desk. “I know that you expect everything to be a test, Dean, but most of us are not that devious. Most of the brothers are simple businessmen, despite their connections and allegiances. Maksym is proud to be your tutor, so he is giving you the tools of his trade that helped him. You will need to make your own way.”
Their conversation is cut short when the rest of the royal court arrives with almost deafening fanfare. Dean sits higher on his knees to watch their entrance, over the top and full of drama as usual. The queen is carried by several men, all of them clothed in the sheer fabric given to slaves. A host of musicians play behind them, and the air is filled with small pixies and sprites who are tossing flower petals and leaves to rain upon her.
“You’ve never been with a man, and we can hardly keep our hands off each other. I guess I want to know why. What makes me different?”
He’s working at an unsustainable pace, but he’s never been happier to be ridiculously busy. His work fills up every vacant minute and every thought process, so he doesn’t have time to pine for Cas. Every day he falls into bed later and later because he just can’t bear letting his brain have the time to think about the huge missing piece in his life.
He’s looking down at where Cas’s drooling dick is bobbing loosely against his. He nods his approval and Dean drips gathered saliva into his palm. When he squeezes them together, the slick friction feels fucking fantastic. “It’s a little gross, but effective,” Dean smirks.
Running his finger over the book titles on the office shelf, he realizes that none of Cas’s favorites are here. There’s no great literature. It’s just mostly fluffy romances, predictable spy novels, and Oprah’s book club favorites. His nose twitches with righteous prejudice. On the bottom shelf, he notices one book sticking out past the others, so he pushes it. It doesn’t give. It must be stuck on something. Pulling it from the shelf, he sees something tucked behind it.
“Yes, well,” Cas trails off and pulls Dean quickly through the crowds of Fae gathered in small groups around them.
Cas shutters his open admiration at the cocky grin he receives. With one arched eyebrow, he considers the hunter and grips his jaw firmly. “Yes, thank you for reminding me.”
Dean turns his hand underneath Cas’s so that they rest palm to palm. His thumb rubs along his wrist, encouraging him to continue. “What turned my head was when you marched in here and told me that you didn’t want my gifts because you didn’t want me to get the wrong idea.”
On the third day, his hope gives out entirely in the middle of a book on the East India Company. He’s skipped four classes, forgotten to do multiple readings, and he missed a paper deadline for his Historical Perspectives on Sex and Intimacy course. He’s exhausted, hungry, and borderline dehydrated. Still, it takes extraordinary effort to make himself set the book down and walk away.
“Winchester. Dean Winchester.” Dean is suturing now, and he can’t help but show off his nimble technique. His fingers fly in complicated knots, and his stitches are precise and tight. He knows that his patient is watching. He hasn’t taken his eyes off of Dean since he sat down to work on him.
After a few quiet minutes enjoying the feeling of Cas’s hands on him, Dean asks, “Did your brother really agree to let me train with the guard?”
“You can’t.” The rhetorical question is answered with a firm threat. Even as the air grows thick with tension between the two powerful men, Cas feels a surreal shift in his reality. How could he have missed this petty animosity in his once-dear friend? How have they worked so closely together for so long and with such success if this malice was lingering under the surface.
What about in years to come? Will they still be as forgiving of his shortcomings? Will they expect him to change? Will they want grandchildren? Will they pressure Dean into seeking a more respectable man to spend his life with?
“I’m sorry. Dean, I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to leave you. I never wanted to be away from you. I love you so much. I don’t ever want to be apart again.”
Dean isn’t convinced, and with a furrowed brow, he asks, “Do you always go to such impressive lengths just to say thank you?”
“Can you tell me what else I can expect?” Dean’s exhaustion is suddenly too hard to ignore. His words are interrupted by a huge yawn.
Once he gets a good rhythm, he can feel the burn of desire filling his cock, so he stops and takes a few breaths. Cas is staring at him in agony. Lust is a swirling inferno in his eyes. Dean lets the head pop out, but he guides it around his hole, kissing the soft ring with his leaking slit. Cas is breathing heavily, and his eyes meet Dean’s.
“Okay, you obviously knew something was about to happen, or you wouldn’t have sewn this book into your coat.” Dean pulls it out of his back pocket again, running his fingers over the edges.
Taking Dean’s hands, he clasps them on top of the chair behind his back with a growling command not to move them. “You are impossible to resist,” Cas tells him as begins thrusting into him with long strokes. “It was easier to fight my way out of hell than to keep myself from giving you exactly what you want.”
“Ah, there he is,” Dean teases when Cas manhandles his body closer and then flips them so that Cas is looking down at him on the bed. They are both suddenly without clothes; warm skin to warm skin.
“Sorry about that. We’re...um. Clear-headed now. No more interruptions, promise. If you still have time, that is.”
Pay attention to them? He’d love nothing better than to give all of his attention to these marvelous wings. He’d never even thought about wings until Cas’s had finally appeared in front of him. Now, he is the proud owner of a full-fledged wing kink. The pun makes him chuckle to himself.
“I take it that I’m not going to like what you have to tell me,” Dean says quietly, trying to brace himself for what’s to come.
The tavern room in the inn is half empty. It’s early and most of its frequenters are still working. Cas pulls Dean up the stairs to his rented room, ready to take advantage of their unexpected privacy.
“You. I-I'm freaked out, and I really need some comfort,” Dean’s blush explodes across his neck and down under his t-shirt as he ducks his head.
Dean takes a few moments after the door shuts behind Cas to breathe deeply. “Son of a bitch,” he laughs.
“Can we do it later? I didn’t sleep last night and all of the stress is making me really tired.” Dean tries to sell his performance, letting his body slump, his eyes droop. He dials up the sincerity in his face.
“Well, I’m sorry you’re caught up in this mess, but it will be over soon. We’re going to find out who these people are and why they took my life away from me.” Cas disappears into the closet and grabs a duffel bag. When he starts pulling shirts off of hangars, Amelia jumps into motion.
Leaning in close to Castiel’s ear, he whispers, “So, I’m not in trouble for riling up half of the leadership on my first day?”
Cas patiently keeps unwinding his limbs and pushing Dean ahead so that he can concentrate on finding the man who could help. When he finds the Shaman, he
Sighing, he wipes his wet hands on his boxers and heads back to Cas’s room, only to be confronted by a man he doesn’t know. He startles and whispers, “Shit! You scared me.”
Cas leans into Dean to give him a better view as the pearly come erupts from him. He keens wildly and arches even further back. It feels so fucking good. Good isn’t even in the ballpark, really. It is a cleansing, invigorating sensation that fills his entire body, from each and every hair follicle down to the over-sensitive nerves under his toes. He is renewed.
Before he can comfortably slip three fingers into Dean’s little hole, Cas can’t take it anymore. Being inside Dean is addictive, and he needs it right fucking now. His skin is itching to slide against him, his cock drooling to pop through that barely-stretched muscle. He lines up and taps his cock against Dean’s empty hole a few times, watching Dean writhe for it. “Cas, please...please.” He begs so prettily that Cas almost hates to give in. Almost.
It's already planning itself out in my brain. Once I finish my other monster stories, I will start the second part.
When he turns the first corner, he comes face to face with a Boston police officer with his gun raised. Immediately, Cas holds his hands in front of him, trying to look as innocuous as possible. The cop’s eyes go wide, scanning over every inch of Cas’s body, searching for a threat.
Cas pulls off for a minute to explore Dean’s body. He licks and sucks on his balls, presses firmly on his perineum, but when he feels Dean tense, he leaves his beautiful virgin ass alone. They have time, and Cas is not going to rush him. He returns to Dean’s cock, eager to feel its weight on his tongue. Dean practically bows up off the bed when Cas pops the head into his throat. “Oh fuck, Cas. Holy Shit.”
Cas smiles at the immediacy of the glare. Good. He isn’t a sadist, and Dean is taking on a little too much willing submission for his taste. Don’t get him wrong, Dean is gorgeous like this, and it makes him ache to see him give himself over with fervor. But angry fucking is only good if both of you are on the edge, so he will push Dean until he gets there. Admittedly, It’s not the healthiest approach to sex, but Cas owns his flaws.
He learned these and a magnitude of other beneficial skills on his tour of duty, but he also learned how frustrating it is to do his job with one hand permanently tied behind him with red tape. As soon as his debt to Uncle Sam was paid, he decided it was time to go back to California. Not that he ever particularly wanted to step foot in the state again. Every place he goes now is haunted. Not literally. That’s ridiculous. But his memories haunt him just as surely as if he were seeing ghosts.
Cas is doing a large piece, reminiscent of a Greek fresco, but painted in a graphic novel style. It’s for a graphic design firm that just moved into the gentrified area of South Boston. Argonaut Design is run by a group of geeks and artists who have more money than sense. When they saw the sign that Cas designed for SAM Project, they just about busted the door down to find the artist. They begged him to do the focal piece for their conference room, and even paid double his asking price to have it in time for their grand opening in two weeks.
Cas grips Dean’s neglected cock, letting the snap of his hips push it into the tight tunnel of his fist. He’s going to force Dean over the edge, hard and quick, and then fuck him through the sensitivity. This beautiful man is going to be boneless and completely sated before he takes his own relief.
Dean huffs but doesn’t argue. He has put up their tent enough times that it’s mostly muscle memory, but it does still take some attention as he ties the flimsy material to the posts.
Dean shakes his head, his lust-blown pupils argue, but he tries to hold to his conviction. Castiel rubs a single finger down the length of Dean’s throat and quirks a thin smile. He knows how to overcome this resistance.
My little side project is almost done. One massive chapter to go. I have to admit that I'm loving this version of Cas. He's so much fun to write.
If he was in better shape, he could easily fight his way free of the waifish teen. Unfortunately, he is several days past fine, and he can barely keep his feet under him, let alone gain his freedom. Instead of feeling any real concern for this unexpected situation, all he can focus on is finding Cas.
Fuck, Dean has missed this man so much. He’s walking art for more reasons than the ink on his skin. He’s the epitome of fierce strength, possessive fury, and calculated brilliance. Those are the parts of Cas that everyone knows, and that Dean fell for with hardly a nudge. Dean’s always had a thing for bad asses, so it isn’t a stretch to say that Cas fit Dean’s highly specific type.
“Good,” Dean grins, praying that he distracted the angel enough to let the rest of his question fade away.
Some of the fish are so tiny that they are shimmering, darting glitter catching the light and disappearing within a blink. The colors and patterns are magnificent, both in the plants and animals here. In them, Cas sees versions of the patterns he has seen appear on Dean’s skin when he camouflages himself.
Dean heaves a great sigh. He feels remarkably better about their future, that there might be a way to have Cas in his life again one day. Until then, he will keep building his life and leaving the space beside him open.
There is silence for so long that he thinks Cas has gone back into the bathroom. His eyes drift shut just as she lets out a pathetic whimper. He can just about see her lower lip sticking out just from the sound.
Dean closes his eyes and takes a calming breath. “I want you to be whoever you are. If you’re Jimmy Novak and these are all really strange mishaps, great. If it turns out that someone has lied to you, I want you to find that out. If it turns out that you are Cas and someone faked your death, wouldn’t you want to know?”
Cas reaches into the box just out of Dean’s sight line, and pulls out their favorite lube. Dean almost sighs at the sight. He doesn’t know what else might be in Cas’s box, but that is by far the least intimidating. His Dom pops the cap, adds a small amount to his middle finger and then puts the bottle away. Leaning over to show Dean how much is on his finger, he remarks casually, “That isn’t a lot, is it?”
Dean lifts himself up onto his elbows so he can look down his body to where Cas is settled between his legs. This insanely beautiful creature is here wanting to be intimate with him. It’s completely unbelievable, and yet here is the proof. “Of course. I know that, Cas. I just…never in my life thought this would actually happen.”
Of course, the extra energy he expends requires more oxygen, so his lungs start to protest even faster. They take things into their own hands as they try to force his mouth open to take in air that doesn’t exist. He fights back, struggling to swim farther, but his vision darkens quickly. Panic rushes through him in the dark water. He’s going to drown. He’s going to die trying to get back to the man he loves.
Dean figures that if he’s already going to be condemned, one more kick won’t change anything. He relishes the pained groan that puts an end to the laughter before he guides Reggie to the clinic to be checked out.
I did not mean for my hiatus from this story to be so long, but my little 'palette-cleanser' took on a life of its own. It is now a complete story that will have an upcoming sequel.
After a couple of minutes, Dean’s muscles relax and his breathing slows. “Ready?” Cas asks as he grips him tight. Dean just nods.
The breeze is stronger at this elevation, so he isn’t surprised by the deluge of scents combining and washing over him frequently. Even for what is considered off season, the place is bordering on capacity. He’s going to end up with a scent migraine if he doesn’t put himself in a more forward position. He walks toward the edge of the outdoor space, leaning on a stacked rock column and breathing in the fresh salt air. It’s faint, mixed with the earthy olive grove that is growing just below the ledge.
He hears gruff but boisterous praise coming from the front when he returns. Apparently, Doug is a very satisfied customer. He is showing off all of the details of the quick sketch Cas has done for him, exuberant hands flailing about in his excitement. Cas is standing back, quietly and uncomfortably dealing with the appreciation.
“You know, Dean, I was going to make this a quick little perfunctory orgasm. I wanted you to have an easy time of this challenge, since it is the first one.”
“It feels like all the cliques, I suppose. Flying and falling, all that. But, more importantly, you are the center of my universe. I’m overcome by you, mesmerized by every new thing I learn. I want to spend every minute with you, even though it’s not possible. When I hurt, I seek your comfort; when I’m happy, I want to share it with you. I want to protect you from harm, and I want you to do whatever makes you happy. I can’t picture my future without you.”
“Alright, so think of the power dynamics like a game of chess. It’s fun, challenging, and it adds more...intensity.”
“Let go, Dean,” Cas nudges him back, but he holds firm. Confusion in his eyes, he explains through labored breath, “Baby, I’m almost there.”
He allows his pragmatic mind to take over, cataloging the numerous tasks that must happen to get this man safely settled in with him. Distance is best, he believes. He can easily see himself being compromised by this man and his bizarre connection to him. He clears his throat to attract the man’s attention. There is no response.
“It was not a lack of faith in you that made me ask, Cas. It was fear that we were so caught up in each other that we neglected someone else’s wishes.”
All the while, Dean was getting frustrated with Cas for protecting him and trying to keep him out of harm’s way. It makes so much more sense, too, given who Cas is as a person.
He takes Cas’s hand and drags him to the steps leading down to the sugar soft sand. He rips off his shoes and socks, tucking them to the side of the wide bottom plank. Digging his toes into the sand, he closes his eyes and inhales deep and slow.
Dean’s heart flips in his chest, stuttering at how much he adores this man. Cas is so precious to him that he is suddenly drenched in icy fear. Now that he’s experienced this level of joy, it would be catastrophic to lose him.
Cas leans slightly closer so that he can keep his words private. “Because you will fail. The Fae have strength and magical power. You are outmatched.”
Mikhail’s eyes are dancing, even as he looks over at Dean. “I apologize. Where are my manners. I am Mikhail Mashkorev. I am the Pakhan of the Solntsevskaya Bratva. Welcome.”
Even now, Dean will deny him. His eyes go arctic cold. “I just figured since you already fucked me, you might want to finish the job.”
In an instant, adrenaline spikes and he is panting for air, hands trembling. The glass and cold liquid aren’t even registering with him. Someone is out there looking up towards his apartment. He turns out the light behind him, and creeps back to the blinds. His phone is already in his hand. When he looks this time, he takes in details. Pitch black hair, black motorcycle jacket...No.
Turning back to the book, Dean studies the trout picture. He notices something at the beginning of the initials. Flipping the book 180 degrees, he sees a little image of a key and arrow. Spun around upside down, the picture gives up another secret.
Dean shrugs and follows Benny’s gaze to the pile of damp confetti he’s created. He pushes the pile toward the center of the table. “Just anxious.”
Cas’s emotions keep piling up. Now he’s adding pride, affection, bliss. He has to move. When he pulls out from Dean, they both whine at the loss. He sinks back in where he belongs, and Dean clutches at his arms in distress. “Huungh. Oh god, Cas. Baby. Please.”
Cas and Dean both fall asleep in the afternoon sun enough to wear the pink tint of it on their tanned skin more often than not. The fluttering and rustling of palm fronds is enough to rock them to sleep.
After setting a box down on the table, he holds out Dean’s collar; the same chain and lock that they’ve used before. With a questioning arch of his brow, Cas asks permission. Dean knows that once he gives it, it will be the last time Cas asks permission for anything until they are finished playing. Dean nods curtly, bowing his head down to wait for the chilly, heavy weight to settle around his neck.
Dean moans in response. His hands drop over his head as Cas knocks little huffing breaths from his body with the force of his strokes. Dean is  entirely given over to the feeling of Castiel taking up residence inside his body. There isn’t a cell in him that isn’t welcoming the angel in.
Dean shrugs. “It was a familiar story.” He gets up and wanders back to his room. All of his books are missing there, too. There isn’t a single book in the entire apartment, he finds. Not even a cookbook. Fuck.
“Dean, that’s the guy that saved you at the club. That’s the guy that brought you to me. There’s no way he’s the one that’s been trying to hurt you.”
“Okay. For me, the amazing feeling I get when I drift off is worth the achy muscles and sore ass for a few days. Being fucked by you is worth a little discomfort later on.”
Cas nibbles on his bottom lip and then inhales sharply. “There is something I can give you that will travel with you.”
The next slap is even sharper, and it corresponds to Cas jerking his finger out of Dean’s hole and leaving him feeling empty. He clenches his ass to quell the disquieting feeling which makes the sting intensify. Under his head, his hands clench, but he doesn’t move, doesn’t call out.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Okay, I suppose.” He bites his lip and then admits, “But I have no idea what you did differently. I just know that no one’s ever gotten me to float like that. I was in outer space.”
“I need you to be incredibly careful while we are here, Dean. The Fae are tricky and count on tripping up others to gain favors from them. I’m not sure why the queen wants you here for Beltane, but she wants it enough to trick you into agreeing to stay. Don’t trust the Fae. Ever.”
The silver slides over his right ring finger and settles in place. Dean loves that the metal is still warm from Cas’s skin. The thick band glitters in the moonlight. He feels the gravity of the moment, of Cas’s gift, but he needs clarification.
“Nine months longer. That will put it at a year total. I argued to reduce the sentence, but Alex wouldn’t budge.”
There are so many immediate reactions in his body that Cas feels like he’s having a stroke.  His mind can’t form words because there are a thousand images taking up all the bandwidth. He wants what Dean is offering with fervent intensity. His hands tremble and an agonized whimper drips from his slack mouth.
There have been signs, which is what infuriates Dean so much. First off, Bart’s behavior when he brought him home to meet Cas was horrifying. Then, when they were called before the council to answer the charges Dean brought against him, the degenerate wasn’t the least bit apologetic. In fact, he had gone on and on about how Cas would be his one day. Dean knows Cas and trusts him, so he thought that Bart’s raving was just that; the incoherent babbling of a delusional man.
Running his hands down the length of Dean’s spine, Cas starts a slow pace of thrusts, letting his hands curl over the powerful shoulders for more leverage. Every time he bottoms out, Cas circles his hips in a filthy grind against Dean’s plump ass.
Cas is propping himself against the walls with his hands, breathing erratically. He lets them slip down as he sinks to the bench seat behind him. After a few cleansing, focusing breaths, Cas pulls Dean up from his knees and onto his lap in a straddling position. He holds Dean’s face between his hands as he kisses him deeply, chasing the taste of himself. When he pulls back, he grins. “Did that live up to your fantasy, Dean?”
Dean leans closer and asks him to meet him at a bar in Old Town Pasadena in an hour. Jimmy nods his agreement and Dean hands his towel back. He quickly finishes the fake extermination, and says his goodbyes.
Turning to the man who is grinning at being given preference, he says, “Dean needs a car. If I know him, he will not want something new and off the showroom floor.”
“Hell, no,” she replies adamantly. “You did what you had to do, Dean. You are in a contract, and you are required to follow their guidelines. I’m not suggesting that you break any laws. I’m only suggesting that this break up doesn’t have to stay permanent.”
Cas wants to argue. He doesn’t want Dean to get caught up in his messes, especially when they are this dangerous. He looks into his mate’s eyes, though, and his fight withers. Dean looks gutted by the past couple of days. It was probably unfairly difficult to ask an alpha to let his mate go in that precarious situation.
Shit. Dean bows his head, feeling remorse. He should know better than to question Cas’s motives by now. Just add overreacting to the long list of consequences from his injuries.
“Don’t fret, my dear seraph. I do believe that you are on the verge of discovery.” He gives her a curt nod, but he doesn’t trust his words to be diplomatic at the moment.
“Are you suggesting that I’m not strong enough?” Boyar's mood turns on a dime, and Dean has to tread very carefully.
It’s confirmation of Cas’s worst fear. Dean took the knife meant for him. He intentionally pushed Cas out of the way to save him. Castiel is to blame.
He regrets that his escape from the guards became rougher than he intended. They caught him sneaking away, and Dean had to render them unconscious and barricade them in the privy. That kink in his plans cut his timeline drastically. He had planned to have until morning before anyone noticed that he was gone. He now just has a couple of hours, depending on how long the guards sleep. He should have twisted their necks to give himself a better head start, but it just didn’t feel right. He would make do with less time and keep his conscience clear.
Dean snags a towel and follows behind him, imitating his accent as he says, “What? What accent? No one hears anything but English, malysh.”
He’s made an incorrect assumption somewhere. Just like after the first book, he’d devoured the history section looking for another history book. Looking back, it seems obvious that almost any book could work. He’d just needed to expand his net. Okay, so maybe thinking that this library is the only place to find the book is also incorrect. If almost any book can be the catalyst, then he should be able to find it anywhere.
Dean continues writing while Cas works over his skin. When he’s done, he comes to sit on the floor again. He peers at the list of words that Dean has written. South Boston, Apprenticeship, Mentorship, Project
It takes no time at all to shove Dean’s board shorts down with one hand as he stalks forward. Dean’s skin is still heated, his cheeks and shoulders blushed with pink from the sun’s attention. As he takes in the perfection in front of him, he is awash with devotion; awe sparkles in his gaze. He wouldn’t be surprised to find that the sun shines solely for Dean Winchester.
Dean has heard more humor come from Cas in the past couple of days than in the years they’ve known each either. It makes everything about the angel feel more accessible, more approachable. It makes Dean feel like he might have a shot.
“After seeing all of the evidence brought in for discovery, now I know it’s a waste of the court’s time.”
Dean hauls Cas back against him abruptly, splaying his hand across his belly. Directly against his ear, Dean purrs, “But just think, baby. If you were wearing a little skirt, I could just bend you over and flip that little scrap of fabric up.”
Cas gets up to pour a drink for Dean. When he brings it back, Dean looks up at him. “Do I need to decide right now if that’s what I want?”
Halfway into the aisle, there is a shift to the air. A palpable density that prickles along his skin and makes him shiver. ‘That’s new,’ he frowns. The typical hush in the room is disturbed as well. A hum, unlike anything he’s ever heard, starts low and gradually increases in volume. He can’t imagine what could be making the sound, not quite electric, but nothing natural, either.
Leaning his head to the side, Cas catches Dean’s eye from his resting place against his chest. “Can I ask you something, Dean?”
Cas lavishes wet kisses all the way down his abdomen while gripping him tightly around the back and hips. It is all Dean can do to keep his hands to himself. He keeps lifting them, only to force them back to his sides. Both of them are fisted in the fabric of his jeans now, which Cas notices as he pops the button open. “Having trouble, sweetheart?”
I hope you enjoyed this very long romp through Europe with our favorite boys. This story has taken months of work and many sleepless nights, but it's been so worth it.
“Oh, I have unfettered access to your body? That’s what this agreement is all about, is it? Okay, then. I have need of your services.”
“Sir, you don’t understand. I will lose everything if you arrest me.” Cas’s heart is broken, his chin quivering to think that he might have lost the most important person in his life over something so monumentally stupid.
Cas’s heart leaps at the question. It shows thought; it means progress. ‘Don’t get carried away’, he warns himself. He might just be curious. Cas needs to remain as objective as possible. Give him factual information and do not try to persuade him.
Cas watches his preparations while he very leisurely undresses, boots first, then coat. Dean is his captive audience, and he loves making him squirm. Every detail of this challenge is meant to push Dean’s limits. Cas will be watching him closely. He will make sure that Dean can complete it if he is trying. He will in no way let him think that is the case, however.
Dean feels anticipation and arousal already. He can’t imagine hours. Hours? He trusts Cas, though, so he puts himself into his capable hands.
Dean pulls up Cas’s contact information in her phone and dials the number on his own. He takes a deep cleansing breath before pushing the call button. It rings just once when Dean hears it connect.
“I can’t help that Mikhail is using me to get a rise out of you. I, personally, have not given you any reason to think that I’m interested in that douche bag.”
“No, there weren’t any pictures. There wasn’t anything but a death certificate and a toxicology report. I found out that the doctor that signed the certificate is an Army doctor who doesn’t have privileges anywhere in the county, and the toxicology report didn’t have his full name. It just said C. Milton.”
“This isn’t about you, asshole. You don’t get to show up ten years too late and put on a show for everyone.”
Taking the book from him like it is a precious treasure, he opens the cover. Jimmy reads the inscription and immediately, a shooting pain sears through his head. He hisses at the pain and moves his hand to cover the spot over his scar. He blinks away the pain, and he notices that Dean is looking at him differently. There is more weight to his glance, more emotion. His mouth is tipped up in a smile larger and more natural than Jimmy has seen from him.
Now, he’s being forced to lose the battle he’s fought for almost fifteen years. Once he feels the touch of another man, Dean knows that he won’t be able to go back to living without it. Especially since the man in question isn’t just any man. It’s Castiel. The angel might be cold and calculating, logical and methodical, but he is undeniably beautiful. Dean has often found himself staring at his lithe body and unworldly eyes. When he inevitably gets caught, he uses his gruff nature to push his friend further away.
Cas can’t stand the look of fear in his eyes. Dean is still terrified at the thought of Alastair coming for them. If this training wasn’t the only thing that seems to settle Dean’s nerves regarding a potential attack, he would have told his beloved to fuck right off several days ago. As it stands, he is willing to be thrown to the ground, choked, and pinned to a wall if it keeps Dean happy.
This is indeed the last chapter of this story. I can't believe it's finally here. I am hesitant to leave this universe. I have grown attached to the magic and intense devotion.
He licks up the underside of the shaft with a flat tongue, brushing little flicks over the frenulum before swirling his tongue over the velvety head and sucking the whole shaft into his mouth. A deep groan comes from Dean. Cas can feel it on his tongue.
“Finger yourself. I want you to feel how open you are.” Cas sits back and watches as Dean’s middle finger sinks into the loose hole.  His breath catches. He’s going to enjoy this more than he imagined. Dean’s toying with himself, but tentatively. Cas can tell he’s trying not to get too excited.
Cas pouts so prettily that Dean’s resolve weakens. He leans in to tug on the plump bottom lip with his teeth, giving enough pressure to make it sting a bit. “Besides, it’s not safe to linger too long.”
After an eternity of this game, Castiel finds it harder and harder to drag in oxygen. Whatever gift the creature gave him, it expires. Looking up, he can’t see the surface. Panic rushes through him again. He swims with all his might to break through into the air. The damnable beast blocks his path again. He shakes his head no in an exaggerated manner. Castiel gestures to his neck with both hands, hoping that he will be understood. He’s going to run out of air soon.
Cas stands up and leans forward on Dean’s desk, tilting his head to the side. “Maybe you’d appreciate some actual stroking instead?”
“There. I was going to go down on my knees for you. Let you fuck my face while you blossom on my fingers. This is going to be so much more convenient for me.”
“Good morning. I’m Kir Krushnic. No, I was not born with that name, but I will die with it." He catches Cas's eye as he says it, and feels the other man's strength bolster him. "I came from America, but I’ve pledged my life and my service to you. Think of me as an adopted son, if you will.”
Cas straddles him and brings down a fist with as much torque and force as he can muster. Then he does it again. Dean watches silently, his arms crossed over his chest.
Without hesitation, Cas gently tangles his fingers into the soft hair on the nape of Dean’s neck while he tugs the man to him. He watches for any sign of resistance. Seeing none, he slides his tongue, slow and deliberate, against his prize. They feel as spectacular as he suspected. Full, firm, with just enough give. Screw sonnets. Symphonies should be devoted to Dean’s mouth.
Without waiting for a reply, Dean spreads Cas’s thighs to an obscene angle, pulling on his center. He flips open the cap of the lube, drizzles it along his sheathed cock, and drips it onto Cas’s tight little knot of muscle. As he rubs it in, he feels a tiny bit of give. “How much prep do you need, sweetheart?”
A knock on the door makes him freeze, turning so Dean won’t be able to see the finger in his ass if he opens the door. “Hey, sweetheart? From the sound of it, you’re already taking on part of my job.”
“Does that mean that you are proud of me?” Dean steps into Cas’s space, using quiet words and insinuating his body as close as he can. Cas can feel the chill of his skin from this distance.
Judith is thrilled by his work, even as a deep blush graces her cheeks. Her hand goes to her neck when she comments. “Oh my, Castiel. This is quite provocative.”
Cas fists his hands to keep them at his sides. They had agreed that while Dean is on active guard duty, they would not show open affection. At the time, it sounded like a viable line to draw in the sand. Now, however, he wants to occupy the rest of the space between them, taste his guard’s mouth. ‘Control, Castiel’, he reminds himself. ‘You will not fail the first test of your self-control.’
“Theofanis,” comes the clipped reply from the side. Dean’s ears are ringing, too; a sure fire sign that he is close to losing consciousness.
Honest, intense dread is on Castiel’s face. The sight of horror on the prince’s face is such a shock that Dean’s grip on the reins tightens. He pulls the horse back slowly. When they are stopped, Cas has intentionally placed himself facing away from his home.
Dean gives a bashful smile. “It’s how I got you out of there so fast, too. I had to name drop like a motherfucker, though.”
“While I appreciate the ego-stroking,” Dean meets his eye with hunger and finishes, “I was just doing my job.”
He tosses crumpled dollars and a few coins down on the counter with a friendly smile. The bleary-eyed clerk takes his money but not his kindness. Dean shrugs it off and heads to the door, but before he can push the handle, it swings outward with force.
“No! It has to be here. This is the only place close enough to the caboose to make sense. Why was I taking such ridiculous precautions, anyway? I made it damn near impossible to find the answers even with my sketches. How in the hell did I think I was going to find them?”
Dean feels insanely satisfied at how that command sounded coming from Cas’s lips. He hurries to follow, just barely getting his jeans pulled up and zipped before leaving the cover of the cabana. His shirt is still in his hand and he steps into his work boots, leaving them unlaced for now.
Dean shrugs, brushing off the praise. “It was nothing. I just noticed a few ways to save him time and money.”
“Mmm. That feels amazing, Dean.” Cas writhes into the warm sensation of Dean’s come filling his hole. His hand goes to his cock to stroke himself through the pulses.
Dean moans at the first burst of come, letting it pool before swallowing down the creamy release. He takes back the reins, pulling Cas’s hips in tight to let him finish deep in his throat. Dean continues to swallow, wrenching a soul-deep moan from Cas. “Fuck, Dean. Proklyatyy chelovek!”
Cas’s pupils swallow the color in his eyes, intense interest shining from their depths. “I’m done. Let’s go.”
“This is… bizarre. I’m not going to lie. Cas’s death just about took them both. I can’t even predict how he’s going to handle it.”
Boyar scrutinizes him, visibly wavering in whether or not he believes Dean. “No,” he eventually decides. “That’s not a good idea. I’ll pack, and then we can go.”
Cas barks out a laugh. “Yes, I did. I marched up to him, pulled his face down and planted a big kiss on him. And then with one punch, he knocked me down and gave me a huge black eye.”
Except, that is exactly what he fears will happen. Dean was playful and so sexy this morning as he welcomed the day with Cas’s cock in his mouth. His smiles were easy and his eyes full of mischief. It was a perfect type of domestic bliss. Cas wants to protect that part of his life; hoard his happiness with Dean. If only there was a way to do that and keep him out of reach of his brotherhood.
Cozied up on Dean’s couch, Cas is having some severely inappropriate thoughts. Actually, they’re memories of the last time he was here. His dick is filling in interest just remembering the things they’ve done to each other on this couch. Or in front of the couch. Or leaning against it. Damn.
“Oh, shit!” Dean reacts and grins at Cas. “It totally fooled me. I only realized it was a painting when I didn’t see that little girl behind me.”
“You’re sexy as hell, and I’m about to drop you off. I don’t ever want to miss an opportunity to get my hands on you.”
Dean smiles and helps discard the prince’s clothing amidst shy smiles and petting touches. When he is naked, Dean starts to kneel, and Cas seizes up. “No, no. Dean. Don’t-”
Cas twitches his lips, unsure how much he wants to share. “He-he’s different.” When Gabe meets his eye and doesn’t act like a dick, Cas opens up a little more. “He’s fucking perfect. He makes me want to be better.”
He reads the intent in Dean’s eyes, drops his arm and surges forward into him. Their mouths battle, not for dominance, but to give more of themselves. Dean’s hand comes up to hold Cas’s head to him, fingers gripping in his hair possessively. Cas growls into his mouth and pushes his thigh between Dean’s legs. Before he can get his hands on him, though, he hears a disgusted groan behind them.
He takes pity on the prince. “It just means that I find it ironic that you chastise me for sleeping in when you have hardly ever been out of this bed before noon.”
In the beginning, they bathed and massaged him, which felt wonderful, even when they scrubbed his skin until it glowed and became as soft as silk. Then, however, they removed most of his body hair, bleached his asshole, and even gave him an enema. There was no way that he was going to allow any of that to happen, so they held him immobile with their power. He thrashed around and tried to do whatever damage he could, but to no avail. He eventually had to just let it happen.
Cas barks out a laugh. “That would be quite a sight.” His eyes spark interest all along the bulk of Dean’s body. “Although, we could make a fortune if we charged people for the privilege of watching you come. You’re absolutely gorgeous.”
Dean licks his lips, his wickedly sharp canines making his tongue drag. “It’s like you read my mind, sweetheart.”
“Excuse me,” comes the timid voice from behind him. “I need to speak with my husband.”  Looks like Dean isn’t the only one trying to assert their place in his life.
“Impressive, but you were always going to go Ivy League. It was obvious even to a punk kid like me.”
Cas shrugs and cleans his brushes. He’s been painting for hours without a break. His stomach is complaining and his shoulders are aching.
If he can reach the river, he might have a chance to escape them. He knows that it must be the small tributary of the mighty Danube that he noted on his rudimentary map because he’s been running for miles and this is the only water that he has spotted. Following it would eventually lead him out of the dangerous land surrounding Bucharest. He could meet up with his men if only he could get these attack dogs off his tail.
When he shifts to re-distribute Cas’s weight, he must jostle him too hard, because Cas sits up, wide-eyed.
The stallion leaps forward, unsure of the sudden command until he kicks again. He is a beautiful, strong horse, so he sprints towards where Dean is guiding him. With every stride away from the castle, he feels better. He can breathe. He vaguely hears a shout of alarm behind him. He should have anticipated that Castiel wouldn’t just let him escape.
Now that Dean is sharing it, he’s exuberant about making sure that Benny understands it all. As he’s pointing out the intricate symbolism, Cas looks around the bar. This isn’t his typical crowd, but no one seems to be overly interested in them or in causing problems, so he brings his focus back to the table. He’s happy to meet Benny, he really is, but what he really wants is to take Dean home. Alone. Unfortunately, that isn’t going to happen because the other two men are roommates.
He has repeatedly rebelled against God for them, even when angels aren’t supposed to have free will, which is the thing that damns Dean to feel hope. Cas might one day look at Dean as if he is worth befriending because he insists on having the freedom to choose his actions. Dean snaps out of his reverie and focuses on Cas’s words as soon as he notices that he’s speaking.
Enjoying every second of his embarrassment, the man leans in, “I can save you the trouble. There’s no way he’ll put himself in the middle of a war for your worthless -”
“You bought jarred sauce? I thought you said that was sacrilege?” Cas teases, and immediately wishes he hadn’t. Dean’s entire being slumps. His shoulders bow under the immense weight of some unseen burden. Cas goes to him immediately, turns him from his task, and tugs him into his arms.
“So you thought you’d what- wait until I was dead? Then maybe check it out?” Dean is challenging her, pushing her buttons, but he has to see what she is made of. Scrutinizing him, she nods and smiles. “Now I get it.”
After several further attempts to get his hands involved in the action, Dean huffs his annoyance. “I want to touch you too, Cas.”
The table is silent, so Dean looks up, meeting his father’s eye. He’s surprised to see the proud look there, but it bolsters the feeling that he’s said the right thing.
Dean shushes him and takes his lips in a sweet, adoring kiss. Dean’s mouth worships Castiel’s with his intention and his touch. He sighs at the electrifying connection between them. “I missed you, my love,” Dean confesses.
Dean chuckles and finally gets to his feet, shoving his own pants to the ground. His cock pops free, which Cas turns his head to watch. Dean has many amazing assets, but that beautiful cock is among his favorites.
“Present?” Dean sits up, sudden interest playing over his face. The movement puts his face close to Cas’s, which he uses to his advantage. He drags the knuckles of his hand along the prince’s jaw and looks up through his lashes. “What can I do to get my present now?”
Castiel tilts his head to the side again, attempting to place Dean in the right box.  “So, if not a country club, where do you work?”
Cas lifts off of his cock to give him a wicked grin with shining eyes. “I love hearing you beg, Dean. It’s incredibly satisfying.”
Cas belts out a laugh as he knee-walks over the edge. “No, I stink, myshka. I want to scrub off the rest of humanity before you put your lovely mouth on me.”
Dean already knew the answer. He has a sentence to serve. Cas has a job to get back to. He isn’t surprised that their course is set. Still, he grieves.
Cas sighs and rubs a hand over the back of his neck. “Well, I’ve stopped drinking and fucking myself into oblivion. It changes one’s perspective.”
Cas turns serious then, his earnestness painful to Dean, who on the best of days is emotionally constipated. “Can you really not guess, Dean? Is it not obvious how I feel about you? How I’ve felt for years?”
Dean is not feeling up to the festivities. He is close to sober compared the rest of the guards who are not actually on duty. He has caught a few jokes about not being with his boyfriend, but for the most part, his association with the prince is not mentioned among them.
At the end of every thrust, Dean snaps his hips, trying to push Cas over the edge. His free hand runs up and down over Cas’s hip and then over to grasp his erection. Cas snatches his hand away and shakes his head. “Not yet. I’ll come too fast.”
Cas picks up where he left off, but like a carnival ride gaining momentum. He is slow at first, but still uses his full range of motion. Each stroke is exquisite, hitting every nerve ending inside of Dean, lighting him up like a midway.
Dean brings a tray of bread and cheeses over and sets it near the brothers. Both of their eyes linger on the man for different reasons. Castiel murmurs his thanks.
Sex is all around him, seeping into every pore of his body. He’s getting a contact high. Arousal on a low burn for so long that he feels he will ignite with hardly a spark. Thankfully, Castiel has stayed on the far side of the room, but his eyes have been on Dean, heavy and ravenous. These lust-filled looks are the only sign he’s had that Castiel might be warming up to him. While that is a welcome change, he still can’t and won’t give the prince what he wants. If he’s honest, what they both want. If Cas comes near him tonight, if he tempts Dean to join him, he’s not sure how he will resist. But he must.
John crosses his arms over his chest, his face like marble. His eyes, though. They soften with affection that Cas isn’t expecting.
“I’ve always been attracted to men as well as women, but I’ve never allowed myself to admit it, to myself or anyone else.”
“You’ve both dealt with a lot of pain, but you hide it really well. He hides behind that arrogant thug exterior, and you hide behind this equally arrogant, all-American boy persona.”
Michael’s eyes are filled with lust; his hands roaming over his chest and then down under the sight line of the table. Dean tries to keep his focus on the DA, but surely he isn’t the only one clocking the sick asshole’s motions. Isn’t someone going to comment? Does he really have to sit here and relive one of the worst days of his life while being subjected to borderline public masturbation?
“Or yours. You wouldn’t write in your textbooks, high school or college. Maybe you knew it would catch your eye?”
Setting her shoulders, she mutters, “Fine. I’ll do it myself.” Before either of them can react, she runs into the door frame, slamming her face into the wood. She staggers, wobbles, and falls to the ground, blood dripping from her nose and from somewhere in her hairline.
In just three more strokes, Cas feels the tipping point arrive. Pulling out of Dean’s mouth, he hovers just above his now outstretched tongue and jacks his dick. Like a punch to the gut, the first stripe of come jets out across his mouth and chin. Dean and Cas moan simultaneously. Cas watches with fervor as gravity pulls it down into the wet cavern of Dean’s mouth. So beautiful.
Cas seeks him out now so he can bask in the warmth of his attention. He wisely approaches where he is in Dean’s sight line. He might not know much about combat and weapons, but he knows that much.
“Because you’re asking something impossible!” Dean knows he shouldn’t raise his voice. It’s rude and Cas is only trying to help.
“That’s because I want you more every time I touch you, Cas. I’m determined to make you feel the same way.”
Cas hums his agreement and steps into Dean’s space, his eyes lowering to half mast; the blue of his eyes darkening as his pupils blow wide. “I know I have no right to offer an opinion as I’m currently housed in a vessel, but I’ll be damned to hell before I let Michael take your body.”
He takes a tentative sip through pursed lips. He is breathing in the water. Somehow, he can breathe underwater. He smiles and laughs, amazed at the impossibility.
As Dean babbles, he starts crying again, even though he is struggling valiantly not to. It is breaking Jimmy’s heart, and he gets up from the curb and puts himself closer to Dean to offer comfort. Dean takes a step back for every slow step he takes forward, until his back is against the wall of the restaurant.
The look on Dean’s face makes him feel like a complete asshole, which sours his mood exponentially. He can’t feel righteously indignant about his symptoms when he’s being a dick to someone who loves him and is trying to take care of him.
Dean purses his lips and flips him off. Opening the refrigerator door harshly, he grabs a beer, has it opened and half of it down his throat on the same breath.
Holding his hands up to the light trickling in through the gossamer tent roof, they see that the deep blue has not retreated in the slightest. Before their eyes, it advances; now nearly halfway to his elbow.
Dean had felt the moment that Castiel joined them. Instinctively, goosebumps rose on his skin and a shiver rolled down his spine. The prince’s eyes were a heavy weight despite their distance. He couldn’t help but show off for him. He told the guard he was fighting, Matei, to pick up a weapon. Once he had a firm grip on a short sword, Dean signaled for him to attack. Faster than anyone could possibly follow, Dean disarmed him, had him on the ground, and completely incapacitated him. His audience gasped at the impressive display. Only then did he look up to see Cas on the balcony. A satisfied smile settled on his lips and he preened at the look on Cas’s face. It was all possessive heat, urgent and necessary. He could see his white-knuckled grip on the ledge, his heaving chest. ‘Damn, baby. I love seeing how much you want me.’
“You should be proud of this piece, Cas. It is beautiful, emotional, and makes your audience feel that they are intruding on an extremely private moment.”
Cleansing breaths rejuvenate him, clear away the residue of pungent smells from his abused nose. Up above him, an iron girder is suspended from its center on a similar rock column. The ends have been filed down, so it looks like a diving board. On the other end of the girder, a chaotic statue of a man sits. Dean doesn’t see a sign telling him not to, so he leaps up and grabs hold of the iron. Swinging his legs up over his head, they land on top, and he is able to pull himself up to sitting with no problem.
His stomach is cursing his pride and pleading with him to at least steal a few nibbles of the food or a sip of the water. He adamantly refuses with the kind of self-righteous indignation that could make him a martyr. When his stomach gurgles loudly, the beast casts him a furtive, worried glance.
I would love to hear what you thought of the resolution of their huge obstacle. Comments are always answered, and mostly in a timely manner.
Sitting in this pristine ‘67 Impala is a sensuous experience. The engine growls with enough power to feel its vibrations through his entire body. Running his hands over the supple leather makes his toes curl with sinful thoughts. A quick glance behind assures him that two grown men could easily make some glorious memories in that backseat. Best of all, sitting beside Dean while he drives his ‘baby’, chest puffed up with pride, is intoxicating.
He takes shifts in the clinic, but he doesn’t trust himself to administer care to patients. He just isn’t steady enough to make it through more than five minutes without drifting away into his thoughts.
“I don’t…I don’t know.” Dean keens when Cas tilts his pelvis to the perfect angle. He might not have been sure when the words left his mouth, but he’s absolutely certain now. He’s so close to the edge already as Cas nails his prostate and massages it from the outside, too.
Cas grabs his chin gently to guide him back to his lips. “Here, Dean. Taste how delicious you are,” he says before he takes him into a deep, searching kiss.
There is something different this time. Cas isn’t holding anything back. Dean keens as his muscles twist and twitch with the overwhelming sensations of Castiel trying to wring an orgasm from him. He huffs out a breath with closed eyes as he and Cas find the perfect rhythm. It has been just out of reach this whole time, but now Dean feels the full, delicious stroke; in and out of Cas’s mouth with agonizing pleasure.
“Surely you’ve noticed that this place runs on a barter economy, Cas. I could win something that I want.”
Cas stays next to him, continuing work on his first commissioned piece. Holy shit. He’s a paid artist. From the sound of it, he could actually earn a legitimate living doing this. As the minutes fly, he checks in on Dean. First his head tips back, then his eyes close, his legs cross, his jaw tightens, his fists clench. At the end of an hour, Cas sees sweat dotting his temple. He sets his work down, and stands by his side. He makes eye contact with Meg. She nods.
“He is a human being, Alex. We treat our dogs better than he is being treated. Doesn’t that bother you?”
His calloused fingers don’t feel the pain of the strings vibrating underneath them anymore. They haven’t in years. But he remembers how they ached and bled until he built up the ugly rough bumps on the tips. His mother had been beside herself, warning him that he would appear a common laborer with hands like that. His grandmother, on the other hand, praised him with every new layer that formed.
Dean toes his shoes off beneath the jeans pooling at his ankles while teasing, “I won’t rest until you receive your heavenly reward.”
Dean writhes in his lap, his body instinctively pushing back into Cas just as he pumps forward. They both lose themselves in those marvelous sensations for several minutes. The rhythm blacks out everything else.
“I know you’re going through something, Cas. I want to be useful to you, no matter what it is that you need.”
Their guide leads them to a pool almost in the dead center of the vast room and sets down a tray, filled with everything they will need for this cleansing,  before nodding and disappearing. Dean takes in a deep breath and exhales firmly. This is it. Finally he is going to be able to take care of Cas and show him how good he can be for him. He wants, more than anything, to make Cas proud.
Knowing that they have a third party listening to them, Cas leans in very closely to his ear. “Why are you having this pissing match with her, Dean?”
“This is-” Dean clears his throat and tries again to speak without letting emotion tongue tie him. “You’ve captured the agony of being apart.”
Stretching languorously, Dean sits up and accepts the cup Cas pours for him. “You are so getting a blow job when I finish this.”
Just a little bit. He rocks his hips and Dean’s head falls back. On the next circle, he adds more sway to his hips. Dean grips harder, and his other hand joins it. The third time, he thrusts a bit harder, and Dean huffs out, “Goddamn, Cas. So good.”
It only takes Cas four days to become completely bored out of his gourd. He’d thought that having access to cable for the first time would be life-changing. Turns out, there really isn’t that much on TV even with hundreds of channels.
“Can we get something to eat first?” Cas asks quietly. The frailty of his voice terrifies Dean. “I’m so hungry.”
“You realize that this is the most bizarre story I’ve ever heard, right? Like, I’ve read fantasy books with more believable plots.”
Cas preens over the fact that Dean knows him so well. He still has to ask, “What makes you say that?”
Renewed purpose sends him back to his room to get dressed and out the door. He has to drop off some documents for Mr. Winchester, and then he needs to go face Judith. He has more apologies to make.
“Why haven’t we heard about this gorgeous creature locked up in your chambers, Castiel?” Malory whispers with lusty intent.
Cas answers with action. He slips back onto his feet to push his pants down to the ground. Dean has his jeans undone and slipped under his ass as soon as Cas’s movements register. Cas tugs them the rest of the way down and climbs back in Dean’s lap. Dean hisses at the slide of his cock against Cas’s. He can’t look yet. He has to close his eyes to the perfection and try to calm himself.
Sam looks up just as Dean sees him. They stare, at an impasse. Dean doesn’t want to talk about this, and Sam can’t just let it go.
Gabe doesn’t respond, so Cas looks up. His snarky friend looks more serious than Cas has ever seen him. Cas hands the results over for Gabe to read.
“Did you or did you not submit to my will?” The absolute power in his tone... his displeasure rankles.
