His hand almost shakes as he picks it and his heart does a flip when his eyes land on the important piece of new information.
When Tony reaches the door, his mouth falls slightly open behind the faceplate. It's no other than Pepper's soulmate standing there, taking a careful step into his house.
Rhodey just frowns. "Ok, so, I find this guy, I catch him and what? You think Russia or whatever former Soviet country is gonna hand him over? Just extradite him back to us?" he asks the two men around him.
“Mister Stark…how— I’m sorry, how did you contact me?” the Doctor asks, just slightly shaken in surprise. Rhodey walks over to Tony and looks over his shoulder.
Tony smiles at Steve’s bold decision to share such an intimate thing with him and Steve smiles back. “Yeah, I wish I could give you a more noble reason for what I did. I don’t know—something humble. But I thought I’d be real with you,” Steve says, shrugging.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Hanging out with me so much is doing you no good,” he says, and Steve actually laughs.
They arrive at the brand-new Avengers Tower with no delay and they take Clint to medical as soon as they land, Doctor Helen Cho leading the medical team.
“Agent,” he greets. “You look kinda down, sort of stressed. Is this about your little musician girlfriend Pepper talked about?” Tony inquires, as they make their way into the carrier.
"Because we're people, Steve!" Tony lets out with a bitter laugh. Then he runs a hand through his hair and cools off. "Even the ones who aren't human, they're just people at the end of the day. We're breakable, corruptable," he says, his voice low, his eyes down.
Peggy presses her thin lips together and smiles, like she knows better — 'cause she definitely knows better. "On one thing, I mentioned Anthony and you recoiled back into your head for a hot minute there. And then also, he's not here with you," she exposes.
“This one’s really bugging you, isn’t it?” Tony says and Rhodey really thought he wouldn’t be alone in this one.
He watches as his new, mind-troubling, roommate gets under his covers. He gives one last glance at Álvarez and the guy genuinely looks like he’s sorry he brought the topic up, but again, they agreed it’s better not to talk about it, so Rhodey doesn’t say anything and instead turns on his back, after muttering a ‘Night’.
“Listen, this is politics — nothing neither you nor I should be too concerned about. All Senator Stern wants is for you, as head of the Weapons Development department and one of the best airmen we’ve got, to give your input on that armor of your little civilian friend’s. You’re the only expert on this we can use as a reliable source,” he explains.
Rhodey just sighs. "Yeah, it just started itching, I don't know wh—" Rhodey begins saying before he looks down at his wrist and notices.
He starts the engine of his motorcycle and makes his way back to the facility in no time. Not bothering to take in his surroundings.
Rhodey moves one shoulder up. "I wouldn't know, I haven't gone. Steve hasn't talked to you about it?"
“Yeah, you got a mark, man. Congratulations,” Rhodey says, only half-sarcastically. Tony almost feels like punching him, but he only glares. “C'mon, dude, ain't that what you wanted?”
Sam sends him a picture of Vision learning about board games and Rhodey laughs at the sight of the robot tangled in his own limbs as he plays Twister.
“And it's true,” Tony continues, his voice turning cheeky. “I’m not— over-reacting or exaggerating. It is what it is. That's how I know you won’t hurt me. It’s not just because of you, it's this thing,” Tony says, grabbing Steve's wrist and rolling a hand above his veins, above his mark. “You just can’t hurt me. Just like I can’t hurt you— at least not on purpose,” he adds, before giving him a goofy smile.
“It’s not gonna cause any harm, I promise,” Tony tells the doctor, who is just silently staring at Tony’s work.
Tony tells Pepper where Maya is and gives her the time to talk with her before he steps in to ask her for help getting Pepper back to normal. Maya doesn't even think it for a second and agrees to go over to Stark Industries labs to work with Tony.
“You have until tomorrow to build my missile,” the man says, before disappearing with his small army through the door.
“Captain?” Coulson calls him, standing next to Steve, shoulder to shoulder. “I wanted to ask a favor, since you don’t seem busy right now,” he says and Steve turns his head, quirking one eyebrow. “I have these special cards, uhm—”
Rhodey chuckles because even though he can’t read Tony’s thoughts, he imagines they all have a single name right now. And it’s the same one that’s written on his wrist.
“Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract,” Fury starts saying, walking around him and Rogers sitting at the big table, back on the conversation they were all having –the discussion that distracted them from seeing they were being fucking invaded—before it all caught on fire. “I never put all my chips on that number though because I was planning on something even riskier. There was an idea –Stark knows this– called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people to see if they could become something more,” Fury explains and Tony feels the Captain’s eyes on the back of his skull. “To see if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes,” Fury says.
Tony watches Maya's face, filled with tears and regret, and he looks down. "You are a maniac," he tells Killian.
But Nick's words were ringing clear in his ear. And Natasha hadn't given him many reasons to trust her lately. "I don't know," Steve says, shrugging.
He parks on the garage and as soon as he steps out of his car his ears catch the sweet, anger-possessed voice of one Peggy Carter. “Mister Jarvis, move out of the way, I just need to speak with him—” she says, full-on warning voice at her friend.
"You're giving all of them new toys, huh?" Rhodey asks, crossing his arms. Tony's that kind of friend.
"Like hell he is," Tony hears Rhodey say behind them. Tony quirks one eyebrow, turning to him. "Hey, when you save the president you get to have a few wishes granted. Plus, it helped that the whole AIM thing was a fiasco," Rhodey adds.
: anxietty attacks and nightmares as Tony experiences them in Iron Man 3, along with a brief mention of Happy's accident.
Tony cracks a laugh then. “Ha, right. Where did humility go?” Tony jokes and Steve smiles in reply, but then Tony falls a little serious again. “I appreciate the honesty. What about now?” he asks.
Steve closes and opens his mouth again. “You know,” he points out and Tony doesn’t know what to make of his tone.
Tony's sitting on the carpeted floor, his back to the couch Steve's sitting on. Steve can smell his shampoo if he moves his chin just a little forward.
“You don’t have to say anything. I just wanted you to know where I stand,” Steve offers, and it doesn’t make Tony feel better.
His face, softer and clean, is staring back at him with blank, grey eyes. He reads through the paragraphs of the memorial and swallows. There's a time of death, there's a brief summary. There's honor in these words.
He falls hard to the ground and, instead of being the other way around, his head actually feels sharper than it did before; like he was numb before and is fully focused now.
Rhodey shakes his head. "Not to kill him, I don't," Rhodey says, then he grabs the photo of Barnes in uniform and looks at it once more. "I just— I can't help but feel that he's a consequence, you know? That he— he didn't ask for this shit. I mean, if he really is alive then he's— he's a war victim, Tommy. We shouldn't be prosecuting him, we should be helping him."
“Obie,” Tony grunts, after the man gives him a –far too hard – pat on the back. He rolls his hand up and squeezes his shoulders.
“Ok, fine. But yeah, it is. If cloning technology was being successfully developed, I would’ve known. Trust me,” Tony says, moving an open palm at him.
Pierce smiles a devious smile and he feels an alert going off somewhere in the back of his head. "I guess the stories
One of the suits charges at her but she moves quickly to dodge it just in time. "Jarvis, subject at my 12 o'clock is not a target. Disengage!" Tony commands but then he realizes his earpiece isn't in his ear.
Especially because Steve hasn’t said a word to him about Barnes or anything else related to those darks few days in Washington last year.
"Best friends since childhood, Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers were inseparable in both schoolyard and battlefield," the narrator says and Rhodey turns to give Tony a look.
He instructs all of them of what he needs to build anything remotely useful, he doesn’t let them know of the current state of his heart and its particular predicament – they don’t need to know. And well, if he’s dead, he can’t build them their precious missile, so…
"I just wanted to say that what you've done for this great nation is deeply appreciated," Ross says with a nod.
"Seriously? 'Cause I might ruin a perfectly good evening. Just ask Nat," Clint says, arching an eyebrow at Natasha sitting next to him.
“Listen, I get it. You don’t wanna talk about it. It’s fine,” Tony tries to reassure but Steve’s eyes are lost somewhere else.
Rhodey lets his arm roll off Tony to grab his last churro. "Yeah, just before I got back. She told me she was thinking of getting Maya to meet her grandmother. It was a big day," he shares.
"Well, these people are all horrible," Bruce mutters, reading over a few files. Tony spots a familiar face.
Tony looks at the floor as if it’s one of the great wonders of the world. “Thanks, Happy. Tell Pepper I’ll call her to get it done,” he says and it’s maybe a code for the man to leave the room, Steve isn’t sure.
Jimmy doesn’t ask and Mickey doesn’t share. They sit on some retractable chairs Jimmy got from the trash and repaired and talk until sunrise about Star Wars. “I’m gonna be a pilot, someday,” Jimmy says, staring at the sky, tongue rolling lazy in his mouth.
“If I'm right, we can access the area of the brain that governs repair,” Maya adds, after exposing her project. Tony’s both stunned and aroused. It’s called being sapiosexual.
Steve laughs, almost shyly, before he gets sober and a little serious, nodding. "All I wanted to say was that, before— it was just me and one friend, one brother," he starts saying and Rhodey swallows and gives Tony a look before looking down at the table. "And then I had the Commandoes, and when I came back— well, I didn't think I'd luck out a second time, but I did," he says, and raises his glass.
Steve nods and lifts a hand up to his face to rub his eye. “Oh, yeah. Especially these past few days,” Steve says and Tony smiles.
“Captain David Álvarez, my old roommate at my first flight training camp,” Rhodey says. “Dave, this is—”
"You're — my — mission!" he yells, he pleads. Tears are rolling down his face and he's scared something terrible has happened.
They walk to the Quinjet in silence; defeated. Tony steps outside, in his under-armor wear, once they're close enough. He looks at Steve first, a million questions in his eyes, but Steve just shakes his head and looks down.
Natasha closes her eyes slowly before she goes, reassuringly: “If you hadn't been there, there would've been double the casualties, and my soulmate would've been a treasured memory.”
"I saw it," Tony adds. "I didn't tell the team. How could I—  I saw them all dead, Nick. I felt it. The whole world, too. Because of me," he says, taking a breath to ease the ache in his chest. "Wasn't ready. I didn't do all I could..."
Tony’s brown eyes linger on him with some kind of warmth when someone enters the room unannounced, breaking their little moment.
Steve looks at him slightly surprised but then he goes back to his clothes. "Took him long enough," he mutters. "Did he say anything interesting?"
Steve bites his lower lip and does a thing with his eyebrows which gets Tony to throw his head back in a single silent laugh— Steve would almost dare to say it also made Tony even blush.
He lets his muscles work and tighten and drip with sweat and it feels regular, safe. Like nothing has changed.
“If you brought him to my lab, the Regeneration Cradle could do this in 20 minutes,” Tony hears Dr. Cho say.
Rhodey takes another breath in and then turns to Allen with a big smile. “But he didn’t, Allen,” Rhodey says, satisfied.
Rhodey puts his hand on his shoulder and kneels in front of him. “Next time you ride with me, okay?” he tells him, his throat closing in a knot before he pulls Tony closer, to rest his forehead on Rhodey’s collarbone.
Rhodey feels empathetic. What a terrible way of saying goodbye to your parents, with the whole world watching.
But he complies, is built to do so, and gets Karpov out, locking the other soldiers in their cells along with the rest of the guards. Like feeding piranhas.
“That’s right. Smile,” the man says, once he notices Tony spotted the camera. “We met once, you know? At a technical conference in Bern,” he adds.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Why didn’t you mention it? Why didn’t you say something?” he asks, sounding like Tony’s the one who kept things.
,” he says, in a tired cheerfulness. “Alright. Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day,” he says. “Have you ever tried shawarma?” he asks, and Steve’s so high from adrenaline he smiles at him again, can’t stop smiling. “There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it,” he adds.
"Artificial intelligence," Fury says, ignoring him. "You never even hesitated," he adds, taking a few steps towards him.
“What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?” Tony asks, because apparently they can read each other’s minds.
He starts caressing from Tony’s thighs up to his chest and gives him an encouraging smile before pulling him into a deep and passionate kiss. What Steve didn't expect was that Tony would start moving at that exact moment, pulling a choking noise out of him.
Rogers blinks and shakes his head. “Yeah, uhm—the check. The guys wanted me to come get you because the bill’s at the table and my pension money isn’t
Tony throws his head back to the pillow with a laugh, then he looks back at Steve and runs a hand through his hair. "Improvisation looks cute on you. Besides, it's nothing that can't be solved," he says before giving Steve a kiss and getting out. "Wait here," he says and slides back on his underarmor clothes.
Tony frowns. “Of the people in this room, which one is a) wearing a spangly outfit, and b) not of use?” he retorts.
Tony nods and reaches for him without thinking. He puts his hand on Steve’s forearm and makes him look up. “But, you do know you haven’t, right?” he says and Steve blinks at him distant. It makes Tony let go and gather himself. “I mean, Peggy’s still here and Barnes is off, alive, somew—“ Tony stops himself too late.
“Your father is flying us to the Bahamas for a little getaway,” she shares, touching on some of the keys.
Steve’s been dying and dying all over him every night and there’s still a part of him that wants him dead.
Or at least that’s what he tells himself when the clock ticks 12AM and there’s no name on his wrist.
When the Captain’s eyelids pop open again, they meet the greatness of New York. Right there, out in the open.
“Tony, you can’t ignore this,” Pepper tells him, turning to him. “I know you said you wouldn’t go within a mile radius of him but this looks bigger than that,” she says and Tony bites the inside of his cheek. “Just get it done quickly,” she adds, putting one reassuring hand on his face before leaning in to give him a kiss on the cheek. “Then we’ll discuss if we can arrange me meeting my soulmate,” she whispers, a promising smile on her face.
Steve throws the towel over his shoulder and walks over to him, and gives him a soft kiss on the lips.
"Trail went cold about 100 miles out, but it's headed north," Thor says. "And it has the scepter," he explains, turning back to Tony. "Now we have to retrieve it, again."
"Alright, fine," Rhodey gives in, then he steps closer to Tony before looking over his shoulder that no one was near. "I found him," he shares, smiling.
They talk for a few more minutes before Tony’s little avoidance tactic wears off and he has to go deal with his current problems.
Steve looks at him in silence for a while and Tony figures he might as well talk. It’s been a while since they’ve been alone and quiet.
Natasha moves on her seat. "Yeah, I bet he—" she taps on the keyboard. "Yeah. Everything we had on Strucker's been erased," she tells them.
“That's because it is a miniaturized Arc Reactor. I got a big one powering my factory at home. It should keep the shrapnel out of my heart,” Tony explains.
Tony reflects on the fact that maybe they are once Fury announces the agent is down, with Rogers a few feet above him.
“Well, you’re one to talk, Miss Bride-to-be,” Tony pokes her arm and Pepper raises her hand to show her ring, posing.
“Uhm, miss,” he calls a blonde waitress that was just passing by. “You think you could give a napkin and borrow me a pencil?” he asks, his head just tilting a little.
“Captain America,” Rhodey finishes for Tony, who gives him a look filled with meaning. “That much I gathered. Colonel James Rhodes,” Rhodey introduces himself and the Captain raises his eyebrows.
“Yeah, we're full,” Happy tells him, putting his arm as a barrier between him and them inside the elevator.
“Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign. You need to do some press. I’m in DC tomorrow, I'm working on the zoning for the next three buildings,” Pepper says, all business and no play.
"Alright. Look alive, Jarvis. It's playtime," Tony says, beginning the scan on the thing. "We only got a couple of days with this joystick, so let's make the most of it. Update me on the structural and compositional analysis," he asks.
Pepper bites her lower lip just to get it from making a pout. She’s known something was wrong for way too long, now.
Then Tony moves one shoulder up and looks different. More serious. "I just wondered 'cause he seemed to love you a lot. It's weird—" Tony says, looking at his fingers.
At that Happy breaks out of it, smiling and lowering his head. “I— I’m just really glad you’re back, sir,” he says.
Tony hmms the end of his sentence in his mouth and Steve would’ve rolled his eyes if he hadn’t had them closed.
Rhodey gives him a look. “What? Can't she just want to talk to me?” Rhodey says, before he slides up the video call. “Hey, you,” he greets.
Steve rolls his eyes and pulls the blanket down again. "I'm pretty sure Clint's said he's pan— and that's not the point. What did he tell you?"
They return to the cave and Tony does what he’s been doing since he got there whenever they’ve left him alone; sit and stare at the fire, thinking how can the story of him end this way.
" Tony cuts in, his eyes on him. "Isn't that the mission?" he asks and Steve feels like there's blood in his mouth.
He bites his lip and presses the tab, it’s like no computer he’s ever seen, but, he’d better get used to feeling like that. “With the forces of darkness pressing in, coming east from the west, America leads in the fight for freedom. And in the front battle, shoulder-to-shoulder with our boys is Captain America!” a man on a video starts saying, showing footage from his old movies. “A product of exciting new science, Captain America is the name every nazi fears. He’s out there, fighting for the land that we love and he won’t sto—” he presses what looks like the off button and the screen goes black.
“Oh, this guy,” Tony says, then puts the party horn on his mouth to get a free hand for the other man to shake. “You're a heart doctor. She's going to need a cardiologist, FIA,” he jokes, right before starting to blow on the horn, repeatedly, then walks away once more.
Kate smiles at him, teasing. "Not as good as yours, apparently," she says. Kate draws her finger up in the direction where Tony just disappeared. "That your boyfriend?" she asks.
Rhodey lets the water roll down his face to his body, wash all over him and smooth the weird aching in his chest off. He rubs himself with soap, his body, his face. He gives himself a little massage on his head and rubs his eyes one more time, shaking off the sleepiness.
“Right. Plus, it’s your name on the building. You ought to show up if she needs to be absent,” Steve says, making a face like he’s almost scolding Tony.
Tony just chuckles bitterly at that. "Sometimes I feel like maybe we talk too much," he mutters. "Like, every time I open my mouth I mess it all up and then when I try to get something out of him, it bites me in the ass."
The Captain’s stare falls quickly when Tony fails to look back. Tony feels the Captain’s eyes leave his face and walk ahead instead, no other word said.
“I'm a piping hot mess,” Tony declares, his arms falling to his sides. “It's been going on for a while, I haven't said anything,” he adds.
“Stark Industries CEO, Tony Stark, has just purchased a new home in Malibu Point, after they opened the headquarters for the multinational company in Los Angeles, nine months ago,” the woman on the TV spoke, as they show footage of Tony’s new home, right there on a hill with a great view of the Malibu beach.
"Barton, I swear to God, if you don't let him finish his speech, you're gonna eat outside," Tony says, pointing at him with a butter knife.
“Hey, Brucie, are you up to anything right now?” Tony asks and Bruce moves his head towards the God sitting next to him, eating what seemed to be his fifth burrito. “I mean something important— I wanna talk to you about something,” he adds.
Pepper almost feels like smirking at that. "This boss of yours, does he have a name?" she asks instead.
“No, it was just — one second it was there, the next it was gone. It felt numb, like, like he fell asleep or something,” Rhodey says and misses the point when Tony gives him a devilish grin.
But Tony’s question translated to ‘do you want me?’ and Steve did. Like no one or nothing he ever thought he would.
role in our relationship,” he says, gesturing at Tony’s face as Tony sticks his tongue out. “Captain,” Rhodes addresses Steve with an extended hand that Steve takes firmly. “Sorry you had to hear him take a shit on me and everything I’ve worked for in my entire life,” he adds, with a fake smile.
They’re chilling later in the living room, Rhodey’s been staring at the new kid teaching the robot some Scrabble, sitting on the floor by the living room table,
“It’s an early Christmas, it seems. Hey, gorgeous,” he greets her, after standing from the chair and offering Pepper his open arms for a hug.
Steve gets the tone change and Tony crosses his arms, challenging. Then Steve’s stance shifts, he looks down and breathes out.
Rhodey blinks and wets his dry lips. "Yeah, sir. This is— it's just a lot to take in," he mutters, still looking at Barnes' seemingly soft eyes on the photo.
Tony takes a gulp of bourbon like it's his morning coffee and Rhodey closes the Docs file, his friend has to go back home for the holidays and nothing sets Tony on edge like having to return to his household, so Rhodey figures his thesis can wait.
He stands in front of Tony, studying him, trying to see his weakness, and then he’s talking to Yinsen, a conversation Tony doesn’t understand.
"I have a better idea," Tony mutters but it sounds different, dirty. And Steve has no time to run fanciful scenarios in his head when Tony's already making them reality.
Rhodey takes a breath. “I was hoping you’d let me use your tech to find him faster. That way I don’t use their servers and I can decide what to do with the information I get,” Rhodey explains.
“It was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice,” Agent Romanoff addresses him, with a friendly manner, as she begins to walk. “I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?” she adds, as they’re making the war around the carrier.
Once they get to the bathroom, Rhodey pours warm water on his hands and then throws some on his face, just to ease himself up.
Rhodey gets to the Stark mansion in Manhattan with some help from the butler – who Tony has to thank for what remains of his sanity– on the phone.
But Tony can't be bothered, and under no circumstances can he leave. All there is now, like it has been lately, is work to do.
"So, thoughts, complaints, any ideas?" Tony asks as Steve stares from the railings; they're in one of the quinjet garages.
"See, we all begin wide-eyed. Pure science. And then the ego steps in, the obsession. And you look up… and you're a long way from shore," Maya finishes, so quiet it makes Pepper's heart shrink.
"I'll drop Banner off at the tower. You mind if I borrow Ms. Hill?" Fury asks Tony, as he puts on his jacket.
They make it to the Tower after they're done relocating everyone on the carriers to a survivors shelter while the authorities figure out what they're gonna do with the people who lost their homes and Stark Relief Foundation begins working on re-building.
“Tony, what is all this?” Steve asks instead. Because it’s nice, incredibly so, but this is the first time Steve’s seen him since they fought an alien army. And last time Steve checked, you just don’t build homes for your colleagues.
Steve is at a loss of words just seeing the amount of pencils, his memory going vaguely back to a time when he’d have to scrap the very last centimeter of his old pencil just because he couldn’t afford to get a new one until the end of the month.
“Damn, that really is something else, isn’t it?” he adds then, and Rhodey feels like he’s trying to be friendly, but Rhodey’s just really tired and it’s been almost a year since the mark appeared and he’s given up on over-thinking about it. “James is, you know—”
"Alright, then," Pepper says, getting up from her chair. "Maya, we'll be seeing you at the party tonight?" she asks casually and Tony blinks, lost.
“Again, Mister Stark, it’s really just your decision. But if it were me, I’d wait a little, until this has been developed further. I’m sure you understand that technology is moving quickly than ever imagined, you helped making it so,” she says, smiling at last.
Steve feels Tony tighten around him and that alone almost makes him come but it wasn't until he caught sight of Tony in his expression of utter pleasure, seeing him seek out his orgasm, that he pretty much pulled Steve's out of him as well. Steve pulls Tony down, wrapping his arms around him and moving along with him, and they come like that, folded around each other so tightly that neither of them could say where one ended and the other began.
And Steve wishes he could reply with one of his own but he feels sick on his stomach just to think of how close they got.
“I really like my floor at the Tower,” Steve says, flipping the button for the machine to start making coffee.
"Yeah. I got her before she could voodoo my ass," Clint says, and he puts Natasha on a chair. Her eyes look completely void. "Whatever she did to them, it's not good," Clint says.
"We might use you again just yet," Pierce adds and his blue eyes are like everything he's ever known: cold.
At that Tony nearly beams at him, it makes Rhodey remember the time vaguely during college when Tony drunkenly told him he didn't care about people's gender when he liked somebody and Rhodey promptly told him that that was alright.
It was fire and burning and soothing glory, all at once. It was raw and slow and sweet and breathtakingly relaxing.
“Hey, boss, Pep— oh,” the man in the black suit says, interrupting himself once he notices Tony’s not alone.
“Right,” he says, and just like with calling Peggy, he backs down. “Maybe another time,” he says, but he’s not sure he means it.
But everything has and he can’t keep his mind from reaching those dark, edgy corners of reality, of memory. Of him dying to save his country and the world but still managing to come out of it all alive, of losing Bucky, of Peggy’s plea for him to go back to her. Her word that he wouldn’t be alone.
“And say what exaclty? ‘Hey, nice to meet you, I spent all of my childhood mentally shooting darts at your head as I drowned in hate but destiny seems to think it’s fucking hilarious to make our souls be bound to one another’?” Tony asks, exasperated.
I will try to get done as much as I can before Endgame comes around and kills us all. Remember a comment encourages me to write faster ;)
Steve’s not sure he’s even looking at Tony, by this point. He’s just sad and bracing himself for complete loneliness, again.
Behind the rear sight of his rifle, he spots the engineer, shielding behind a redhead woman. One shot through her into his throat, right into his carotid, and then he watches the engineer choke on his blood for a few minutes.
"No, I just— I think there's more to this than some...science fiction fantasy," Rhodey replies, shrugging.
“Shit!” Tony curses when it’s too late, his foot’s already soaked inside the oil bucket. “Dum-E, why did you put that there? Hm? I specifically said you had to put it on the table”, he yells, walking over to his worktable with his foot still inside the bucket.
“Anthony,” his mother calls and Rhodey drops Tony so he can go give her a hug. “How are you? That was a nice speech you gave there,” she says, Tony waves her off politely.
“Sure, Mister Jarvis,” he agrees. “Come on, man, I’ll help you and we’ll be done sooner,” he suggests and Tony sighs, defeated.
– zipping his lips in a thin line – and takes a breath. “I'm not marching to Fury's fife,” Tony adds, his stance different.
"The central building is protected by some kind of energy shield," JARVIS informs them. "Strucker's technology is well beyond any other HYDRA base we've taken," he adds.
He takes the blow of the harsh question and takes a sip of his water. "Not yet, no," Steve says, after he swallows.
Tony frowns for a bit but then shrugs it off. No Avengers business while he was here, that was the deal. “Well, I did fine last time, so I don’t think we got too much to worry about.”
“—Listen, ‘War Machine’ was a little too aggressive, alright? This sends a better message,” Rhodey explains.
Tony takes a couple of steps back, away from the hole, before he answers: “For taking on Loki alone.”
But instead of pushing him down physically, it pushes him further emotionally, and he shifts and moves up, pressing Tony back against the couch’s back as he crashes his mouth against Tony's, hungry.
“Yo’ Rhodes, it’s getting late and I gotta shower, too, man,” Álvarez says outside, knocking on the door.
Still quiet, Steve just stares at him, his eyes getting a little softer as he takes a few steps towards Tony.
Tony stands up from the couch with a tired groan. “This is why I love coming home for Christmas…right before you leave town,” he says, trying not to sound bitter.
Steve lets his eyes linger on Tony for a bit then, studying the deep of his brown eyes but all he can see is that same glooming darkness he saw just before Tony left New York, months ago.
“Say ‘cheese’,” Jeannette asks Rhodey with her Polaroid in hand. Rhodey raises his diploma up in the air and smiles widely.
Both him and Tony know, first hand, what's like to feel you're the issue. You're the problem. You're what needs to be fixed.
Maya takes a breath and puts a hand on her waist. "Well, Extremis is meant to rewrite DNA code. So, mark erasure must be a side-effect," she considers with a shrug.
Tony's been shooting at them, trying to get past the protective shield when Cap comes in again. "We have an Enhanced in the field," he says.
He had a point there; a point Rhodey tried his best to ignore all his years studying. He wasn’t the only black guy in his wing but he was the only one of his MIT class. “I’m not sure, man. I did my job at UPT, tried my best on all my tasks. I like to think I’m here ‘cause of those achievements but I wouldn’t put it past them to do something like that,” he says, sitting and facing his new roommate. Rhodey puts his hands together on his lap and presses his lips on a thin line.
“Oh, no, this is much worse,” the doctor adds before they walk inside, into the command area of the carrier.
Steve's brow furrows deep as he looks at Tony like he's thinking something. Rhodey’s just looking at Steve, pretending casually.
The house inside is crazy empty. Seems almost a phantom place. Rhodey spots a few staff members in the kitchen, with conflicted looks in their eyes. Then some six other people in the living room, all dressed in nice black suits and a Stark Industries pin.
Bruce’s mouth falls slightly open, at loss of words, and then closes it and smiles in disbelief. “Well, this is odd,” he mutters.
“Maybe it’s just a sign you’re meant to love yourself. Like, a lot,” he says. “Hey—why didn’t I get my own name?”
Tony's eyes shift to the side before going back to him again. "Who's a guy," he adds, giving a vague shrug.
"Avenging is your world. And your world is crazy," Sam says a beat later, as they look from the railing at the rest of the party unfolding.
“Pull up a chair!” Tony tells him, waving a hand. Rhodey takes a few steps closer, his frown deeper. “You missed all the fun,” he adds.
In a crowd of applauding people, he steps in. “As liaison to Stark Industries, I've had the unique privilege of serving with a real patriot,” Rhodey begins, a big smile on his face. “He is my friend, and he is my great mentor. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to present this year's Apogee Award to Mr. Tony Stark!” Rhodey announces, but Tony's flashy self is nowhere in sight. “Tony?” Rhodey wonders again into the mic until he spots Obadiah sitting next to an empty chair, shaking his head at him, helplessly.
“Whatever,” Pepper mutters. “My point was for a long time I wish I’d gotten someone else, something easier to explain to really judgmental and close minded catholic parents but then I realized I’d either rejoice in it or just plainly moved on, there’s no point in being mad about something I have no control over,” she says, giving a shrug. “And that I can’t do anything to change it,” she adds, putting a gentle hand on his face.
"I'm not sure if 'good' is the word I would use," Rhodey says and flips over the open file of the Winter Soldier.
“Curve ball, high and outside for ball one. So the Dodgers are tied, 4-4. And the crowd well knows that with one swing of his bat, this fellow's capable of making it a brand-new game again. Just an absolutely gorgeous day here at Ebbets Field,” the voice echoes in the room and he moves his head just enough to catch the rest of the room.
"You come up with some pretty impressive inventions, Tony," Fury says, getting up slowly. "War isn't one of them."
“Hey. You made it!” Steve yells as he spots Sam by the pool table with a few of the men from the veterans club Steve found as soon as he came back to New York.
Pepper shakes her head. “I'm going to bed. You’re being impossible lately,” she says, annoyed as she turns back.
Álvarez stares at him for a moment and then sighs. “My God, it’s been— what? Almost fifteen years and you’re still in there, man?” he asks, quietly. He’s not pissed or upset; he’s just tired.
Steve can imagine how. "I would now," he says, without a doubt. Her face softens like she expected something else from him, something negative. "And I'm always honest," he adds, with a tiny grin.
“Right, because otherwise, nobody would know who I am,” Tony replies sarcastically, and Pepper’s chuckle echoes in the hallway.
Steve looks down before stepping closer, to stand next to him at the bar table. “Do you want the truth?” Steve asks.
"Ok, that's it, I don't need—" Tony starts to say as he's leaving but Clint turns to him still from the couch.
Rhodey walks towards him with a soothing smile. “Not with that pretty suit you just updated,” he says, pointing with his chin at the War Machine armor Tony was going to show him. “I promise I’ll return before you even notice,” Rhodey adds. “In the meantime, promise not to do something stupid until I get back,” he asks and Tony presses his lips in a thin line.
So Bucky grabs his forearm and keeps him in place, and he can hear the man far in his back shift and say into the man's ear: "I have a clear shot."
“What I did?” he asks, then gives a little chuckle. “What I did was to save your life,” he says. “I removed all the shrapnel I could, but there’s a lot left, and it’s headed into your atrial septum,” he explains, and Tony gets even sicker in his stomach. “Here, wanna see? I have a souvenir. Take a look,” he says, handing him a small bottle with pieces of shrapnel inside. “I've seen many wounds like that in my village. We call them the walking dead because it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs—”
"The mark," Tony clarifies. "'Cause let me tell you, watching you on the news get swallowed by the Potomac with a whole ass Helicarrier falling on top of you, well, that was a traumatic experience on its own. So, thanks to this thing I knew you weren't dead," he adds.
Pepper smiles fondly at him and then twists her wrist for him to read. In deep black, thin lines, ‘Maya Hansen’ is written.
“Oh, right, we’ll just wait ‘til Doctor Banner can help us track our guy before we need you to step into the action,” Nick tells him.
“Well, last time it was a Tower so…what? You got us the whole castle now?” Clint asks from the back of the couch they’re sitting on.
Tony sort of smiles in a downwards curve. “Oh, please, I know that. Hey, I’d be his campaign manager if he decides to run for office, no joke. All our problems would be solved with Rhodey in charge,” Tony says, leaning on the table.
Tony looks at him and then back to the medical staff, and he lowers his head then sighs. “Not everything,” Tony says. He swallows hard before he takes off the Air Force jacket they gave him on the ride there, exposing some light coming out of his chest like a magic trick.
“I’m on it,” Tony says, walking his way back to the cargo room, where he left his suit. “Engine three, I’ll meet you there,” he tells Rogers, who nods at him and disappears in no time.
"Of course it does. Look — and I say this with love— they would absolutely call Thor first if they could but they can't, hence, you," Allen says and Rhodey figures what he means. But that's not exactly what he's wondering.
"Yeah, I got— something bigger," Tony swallows to say. But then he looks around before it gets harder to breathe.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny,” he tells Tony, like a grandpa scolding. “No offense, Doc,” he tells Banner a second later.
But Tony doesn’t make a quip, instead he continues: “You experience things and then they're over and you still can't explain 'em,” he says, his eye squinting a little. “Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I— I'm just a man in a can,” he adds, shrugging. “The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because we moved back here and, like, you’ve been with me this whole time. Which is great. I love you, I'm lucky you’re here. But, Pep, I can't sleep,” he finishes, his voice almost cracking.
"I am dead serious. Steve's former SHIELD suit is a travesty. Have you seen what it does to his ass?" he says.
Allen's eyes widen as he grabs the file and reads over the document. "'Bring in for questioning and trial'," Allen reads the order. Rhodey drinks from his cup once more as Allen continues to read over the brief. "Well, that makes sense," he concludes.
“Are you out of your mind?!” Pepper yells, turning and strutting full-force towards him. Tony almost feels like suiting up just in case.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Oh, God, what’s the problem? I already graduated; I have no one to answer to anymore. Who cares if I spend 48 hours passed out on some stranger’s floor because of some stupid, juvenile partying?”
Comments inspire me back into writing. (Also, come reach me on buckybear.co.vu on tumblr if you wanna help me with beta or if just want to yell at me for always taking so goddamn long to post or reply to comments). YOU'RE ALL A COOL BUNCH ALWAYS <3
“No, you don’t. It’s not like that. I didn't want to put you in danger. I didn’t know if I could trust—"
It’s almost five days before IFT is over when Rhodey's once again faced with conversations he'd really rather not have.
Memories of Jarvis picking him up and taking care of his wounds after he fell some thirteen times over trying to learn how to ride a bike all by himself. Memories of him drying Tony’s tears off his cheeks after Howard’s yelled at him too loudly, too harshly. Memories of Jarvis telling him scary stories that made him giggle instead of scaring him right before bedtime. Memories of him teaching him the rules of rugby and soccer and why it was better than “any other American sport”.
The mission seems harder this time, his hopes rise and fall each second, but he’s fighting alongside a God and a giant green raging man and they have a duty to do save the people, or die trying.
“I—I meant—” Captain starts stuttering and Tony shakes his head to stop him, seeing Steve’s ears are starting to turn pink.
“You look like you’ve been sleeping and eating. Are you sure you’re my best friend, Tony Stark?” Rhodey jokes and Tony cracks a laugh.
"Well, I'm sorry you've come under these circumstances but – we're leaving," Pepper speaks, then directly addresses Tony.
Another freak of nature that destiny had decided to spare the burden of having a —perfect— piece to complete the puzzle. Jim was gonna have to leave this world incomplete, with a hole.
“I would start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon,” the Captain shares.
“Mister Rhodes, this way,” Jarvis calls him up, standing in front of a big double-door. Rhodey walks up to him and swallows as Jarvis pushes the doors open silently.
Rhodey gets promoted to First Lieutenant before getting deployed to the UN’s mission in Somalia not long after, as part of a special operation squadron tasked with interdiction, reconnaissance, and psychological warfare missions against clan leader Mohammed Farah Aideed of the Habr Gidr subclan, who headed the Somali National Alliance.
They put it there, they must’ve put it there. To haunt him, to remind him he doesn’t have the whole puzzle, can’t even begin to grasp the whole thing. A reminder of what they took, of everything they took.
“Семнадцать,” he speaks again, barely a beat after the last one. The knife in his gut twists in its phantom place but his nerves are broken, fried.
Tony wrinkles his nose. "It's gonna sound cheesy as hell but – I feel like I can— finally breathe properly," Tony answers, in a doubtful tone. He's not even trying to be corny, it's just legit how it feels.
"How can I be pissed at you, Tony? I'm here to thank you," Killian says, walking over to stand in front of him. "You gave me the greatest gift that anybody's ever given me." He leans in too close to Tony's face. "Desperation."
“—Took three Spanish classes a couple of years ago,” Rhodey says, then his eyes catch something interesting. “Oh, it says here you’ve engaged in work with private think-tank projects in the past,” he trails.
Tony shakes his head, sighing. “You think it’s this hard for other people? I mean, I wouldn’t know. My points of reference are no good.”
“I have my ways— listen, I have a question about soulmate marks. I was wondering if you could shed some light into it,” Tony begins and she blinks at him. “Is there any way to undo the process, you know, kinda wipe the thing off?”
“Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you,” Tony replies, turning back to face him before lightning struck in the sky.
Ross lets out a chuckle and stands straight from the table he had been resting on since Yu started explaining. "That's funny, Colonel," he speaks. "I do see this as an exaggeration but that's the thing with these people, isn't it? Everything is just over the top," he says, his eyes turning dark.
Steve stuffs his hands in his pocket and contemplates his misery. There’s no window of opportunity for him to try and court Tony, is there?
Then it's Tony's mouth Steve can't get enough of so he moves upwards until he's sitting again, Tony's legs have encircled themselves around Steve's waist and now he can really feel him.
Everyone inside is giving different kinds of orders and Steve just stuffs his hands in his pockets and admires the view.
Rhodey stares at Allen with his mouth slowly hanging, not making anything out of him, when the phone rings. "Yes?"
Rhodey stands to walk next to him when the door opens. “It is truly a sad day in history,” a man says on the phone as he walks in, cigar on his hand. “Yes, yes. Will Tony be giving a statement?” he asks out loud.
“As soon as we find out what else this has been used for,” Cap goes and Tony just stares at the blue thing, remembering his weirdly-vivid vision. “I don't just mean weapons. Since when is Strucker capable of human enhancement?” he asks.
But Steve raises his eyebrows in reply, like he’s challenging Tony. “I was pretty certain I’d die,” he retorts, a little humorously.
“No, no, it’s fine, it’s fine,” Tony assures, not knowing any better. Because now that Steve was here, he might as well talk to him.
But it can't be. Because that's not his purpose. That's not his mission. No, this isn't what he thinks it is. It's the opposite.
“Yeah. Or something big for fifteen minutes,” Tony says. Time for the other project. He stands and goes to his desk, grabs the pieces of paper and puts them together in the right way. “This is our ticket outta here,”
He spent the whole night reading everything he could on James Buchanan Barnes, aka, presumably, the Winter Soldier.
At least there’s enough on both of their plates for it not to be too awful or too awkward — Jim silently thanks the Lord for that, he still has a few more years to spare here.
All of his Howling Commandos had lived a good life and had passed away, some of them a while ago, others just recently. He’s putting aside James Montgomery’s file when he sees hers.
Rhodey wants to teleport himself to New York to be with Tony just a couple of minutes; he can’t even begin to think how his friend must be feeling like. The butler was the father Tony had always wanted Howard to be, and he was also the last living member of Tony’s family.
"Well, I guess you'd know," Steve replies, then he turns back to the wood, going: "whether you'd tell us is a bit of a question..."
The Captain turns to Banner for a second and then back to Tony. He eyes him for another long second and then down and up again his body, like he’s putting Tony through a scan, both trying to figure him out and cut him open.
Steve just sighs, looking back to Clint doing something with his nephew. "Sometimes my teammates don't tell me things," he says, grabbing another piece of wood to chop. "I was kind of hoping Thor would be the exception."
"Don't do this to me, Nick," he hears Natasha whisper and he closes his eyes. He figures how much the man means to his colleague.
Tony and Rhodey watch him go with a smile on their faces. "You don't mind watching him over, see he doesn't set off a bomb or something?" Tony asks Rhodey.
Tony does a little shrug. “He reminded me of you. He has that—bright, reddish-yellow color,” he explains.
Rhodey knocks on the suit's head. “Come on, man. This isn't a good look, open up,” he says, worried.
Thor is taking steps towards him again. "This could have been avoided if you hadn't played with something you don't understand—"
"And let me know what you guys are up to. And however you decide to handle this. I will meet you wherever it is, okay?" Rhodey asks and Tony nods.
Tony’s smile grows wider in his attempt to hide his own nervousness. A week had passed since he last seen Cap, when Tony had told him he was gonna call Steve, and he still hadn’t mustered the strength to speak to him.
Tony hmms and takes a deep breath and then grabs Steve's face, hands on both of his cheeks, and pulls him to kiss him softly before moving to sit on top of him again.
“I’m sure you can do it again. He’ll probably move back to Italy, the food’s too good,” Rhodey says, being funny.
“Oh, now, that is an appropriate question,” he jokes at Happy. “The ground floor. I've got a proposal I'm putting together with myself,” he says, getting some presentation cards out of his pocket. “It's a privately funded think tank called, Advanced Idea Mechanics,” he adds, handing them the cards.
Steve's throat runs dry but he offers a hand for Tony to take like he's on a trance and all there ever was, was Tony.
"I know he's a little over the top sometimes. It's not entirely my fault. He has a tenden— he's a stage actor. They say his Lear was the toast of Croydon, wherever that is," Killian says, in a faked humor. "Anyway, the point is, ever since that big dude with the hammer fell out of the sky, subtlety has kind of had its day," he says, at last.
“What about you, Doctor? Do you advice against going through this?” Tony brings back the subject and the doctor just moves one shoulder up.
“There it is. Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes rolls!” Tony shouts as the dice rolled off his hand and landed him on nothing good.
Steve's turn is up and he stands. "Go ahead, Steve. No pressure," Tony says and Steve looks at Thor, almost defiant.
Rhodey chuckles again. “We’ll toast to that, then,” he says, smiling widely, too, as he hands Tony the bottle of champagne he brought.
But, he’s brought back from that terrible train of thought when he feels his phone vibrate in his pocket.
Rhodey nods. "Good," he mutters and then turns back to the TV, just thinking how much shit he's going to give Tony for this when he sees him.
Tony moves his head around and taps himself on the helmet. “Uh, uh-oh. No can do. This won’t open. Maybe I can try to just slide the pizza through the—facial slit,” he goes and Pepper just rolls her eyes, amused.
Álvarez takes it and pulls him into a half-hug, patting him on the shoulder. “I come here when I’m off-duty,” he shares. “What about you? You’re celebrating something?” he asks.
Rhodey’s mouth drops. “You mean this whole house is a computer?” he asks, going back to standing straight.
Tony shrugs. "Well, yeah. We can't just go out there looking two-years-ago. That'd piss off Joan River's ghost," he says.
Clint ignores him a sits back properly, Tony follows and sits back down again. "Well, we don't. It was definitely that," he says. "Listen, I'm only telling you this because I thought you needed to hear it," he adds.
"But it's a trick!" Clint yells as he spins some drumsticks. Thor just keeps laughing softly and passes Steve more of that weird-ass drink he's been carrying around.
“We’re waiting on you now,” Tony says, passing by his side and into the plane, Happy behind him with the bags.
He finds himself in a building with wide, bright windows and people walking around in nice suits, takes a whole second to take it all in before they notice him and he has to go running again.
Now James wants to scream in pain but he doesn’t let him. The cold breeze has already numbed down the lower half of his body. He closes his eyes and drowns in the darkness,
Rhodey looks at the picture of Barnes again and sighs. "Really? That’s weird because I feel great," he says, his voice dead.
“I had to ask for a few favors to get it, since they’re leaving our task force out of this. But that’s the record of Stark’s latest private hearing,” Allen tells him.
"I'm gonna sleep with Bruce on the couch. Thor can bunk with you if he comes back," Tony says, turning to leave.
“Please, stop,” Rhodey mutters, turning back to rest his elbows on the bar’s table and rub his eyes.
Happy sighs. “Look, she said you had to get this done by today if you wanna move before Christmas,” he added.
“I don't like it,” the Captain says, his voice a little low, like he’s talking only to him. It makes Tony’s stomach flip a little.
Killian turns back to Tony. "It's times like this my temper is tested somewhat," he comments. "Maya, give me the injector," Killian says, offering his open palm to her.
"Great, I want to poke it with something," Tony says, before getting a hold of one of HYDRA's bombs and flying it into the power source, deactivating it. "The drawbridge is down, people," he tells the team.
Tony gives him a look and Rhodey continues: “The public only knows about three. But, here's the thing: nobody can ID a device. There's no bomb casings,” he explains.
"Steve, what am I gonna think about?" Tony interrupts him, but his tone isn't demanding, he's just curious and completely lost about what Steve's trying to hint.
He opens his eyes and stares at it again. The 'J' is larger than the rest. He presses his fingers on top of it, hard, and feels the pulse of his beating heart, pumping.
“Alright, whatever, man. Hope you make it,” Mickey adds, before raising his remaining beer for Jimmy to click with his.
“Tony, I came here ‘cause you said there was an emergency, emergency got taken care of,” Rhodey says, but Tony’s already making his way towards him. “Listen, I’ll meet you at the Tower later, okay? There’s some stuff I gotta tell you,” he tells Tony, quietly, then goes to address the rest of them. “Nice to meet you all,” he says, and gets a few nods and a wave.
Steve just lets out a deep breath and doesn't bite in. In fact, he actually smiles at Tony. "I don't wanna fight right now," he says.
Steve shifts on his spot and lays back on the railing. "Nah, I wouldn't ask him for money," he says.
After a few sips, they’re sitting on one of the couches in the back, flight attendants attempting to do a pole dance, as Rhodey’s explaining to Tony why is important to him to be part of a system and failing at making Tony see he could be so much more than what he already is.
Tony, on his end, scoffs amusedly at Steve's honesty: "Right now, he says," Tony repeats, amused. Steve chuckles as Tony makes his way to the bed. "Right. What's the point if there's not a piece of wood in your hands for you to just— fucking rip apart?" he adds, trying to be funny.
"Wow, what would I give to have someone look like that when they think of me," Steve hears and he blinks back to the present.
He gives his mother a call on a payphone and a split second after Rhodey says the words ‘Momma, I can’t go home for the holidays just yet,’ his mother replies with a warm ‘I understand’, and Rhodey takes the soonest ride to Manhattan.
“Nah, see, I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve,” Bruce explains, his voice going somber. “It's a nightmare.”
Tony smiles. “I know I am. If only because it was actually Rhodey's idea first. I mean, it’s what he’s been telling me for years,” he says and Steve gives him a soft look. “I trust Rhodey’s judgment.”
JARVIS does as told and goes: "The wall to your left. I'm reading steel reinforcement— and an air current."
“David?” Rhodey calls, yawning. He hears what sounds like someone hitting their toes on the corner of the bed.
He blinks a few more times, trying to get the images out of his head, and then looks around again. “What time is it, J?” Tony asks his AI.
"Hey, Banner, Dr. Cho is on her way in from Seoul. Is it okay if she sets up in your lab?" Tony asks from the pilot seat.
Tony gets air caught up in his throat. "I— how— uh," Tony asks, without asking, and Steve tilts his head.
Álvarez turns to give him a look then and Rhodey decidedly ignores him. He gives up after a minute and goes back to his book; Rhodey then turns just a little and looks at him. Sitting on his bed, long legs and strong arms, Álvarez is quite handsome, with a strong jaw and a light peach-brown skin.
Steve catches Tony peeking his head out from a corner inside his home and chuckles. Next thing, the door is swinging open automatically and Tony is taking a step towards him as Steve comes in.
He presses his teeth and tries to focus. James is a name, also a last name. It's English, it's common.
"Ok, you outdid yourself this time, Mr. Billionaire," Clint had said, passing by him in the shooting practice room, when Tony showed it to him earlier.
"Come with me, I'll take you," Pepper offers, because she is going to get to the bottom of this and Maya is a good place to start.
Happy sees the blond guy make a walk towards him when his glowing buddy calls up for him. “Savin! Help me!” he screams and Happy sees him turning oranger and oranger before he understands something bad’s about to happen.
Steve does laugh at that and it doesn’ hurt as much as he thought it would. Maybe his ribs finally healed.
"I feel like we do. Being around you is ten times more difficult than being around anyone I've ever liked," Steve says, and then raises his head back up again, going: "I don't mean it in a bad way, I just— I don't wanna screw up. And yet, I feel like all I do is just that," he adds.
But the man goes, unaware of the turmoil he's causing: “Because you know you don’t wanna cause a scene,” he whispers, like he’s winning a battle Bucky didn’t even know he was fighting.
Tony bends down and rolls his tongue from Steve's chest to his collarbone all the way to his neck until he lands on Steve's and nibbles at it.
Tony raises a glass in an offer but Steve shakes his head. "Well, if they're just kids then I'm sure you can put them back on the right rail—hey, maybe give them that judgy, strong-jaw look thing you do?” he jokes.
All he knows is that he can't risk going in back to SHIELD with the drive; so he hides it in the last place they'd go looking: a vending machine.
But Steve knows he's been miles away even when he was within arms reach and now he fears Tony can't feel him. He fears he's letting him slip away.
“You seem to have forgotten your appointment for today,” Jarvis says, a tired smile on his face. Tony blinks in utter confusion and Rhodey turns back to look at the butler, who adds: “You are supposed to pick out your new assistant at Stark Industries, Sir.”
Making its way towards them, an Iron Legion suit stands. Tony frowns. "No. How could you be worthy? You're all killers," the suit speaks.
Tony smiles and takes the offerings, not thinking twice about his peeve of being handed things. Maybe it’s okay if it’s coffee, or if it’s Steve handing it. “Thanks,” Tony mutters. Steve only blinks at him. “I—uh, I have to go,” he adds, apologetic.
He stands up and runs to the kitchen sink to clean it, pouring water into it as he rubs with his thumb but it does nothing.
‘Polls demanding regulations for superheroes' can be read on the WHiH World News report of this past week and Rhodey fears that it’s just the tip of the iceberg.
“You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?” she asks instead, deflecting his question.
Steve tilts his head to give him a tender look and then puts his hands on his face. "Look, I just want you to know that even though you absolutely ditched me to go play cowboy on your own— I'm not mad," he says, an open smile on his face.
Rhodey takes the folders slowly, with a stern face, but he feels like a child who doesn't want to eat his vegetables.
“The Dodgers take the lead, 8-4. Oh, Dodgers! Everyone is on their feet. What a game we have here today, folks. What a game indeed,” the voice on the radio says.
And when the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy became legal under President Clinton’s run the following year, Rhodey thought of his former roommate. Feeling like they were taking one single step forward after leaping ten backwards.
“Alright, fine,” Tony breaks excitedly and then gets closer to him as he whispers: “I did it.” Rhodey frowns at Tony’s tiny and yet ecstatic smile. “I mean, technically
'Look at you, sulking over the guy you're destined to be with,' Bucky would mock him. Would heartedly make fun of him until he made Steve feel stupid about his doubts, until Steve felt confident.
"They don't need to be protected. They need to evolve," Bruce mutters, like he's thinking out loud. "Ultron's going to evolve," he says, louder this time.
“I mean, I don't know, Rhodey. You ever think about them?” Tony asks and Rhodey just quirks one eyebrow. They don’t really talk about them and their lack of a soul mate mark, not since the entire month following Tony’s 18
Rogers raises his head and looks at him. “Why? For believing?” he asks, his hard voice lurking in the back again.
Tony looks at her and presses his lips, letting the emotions of seeing Pepper alive and well wash over him. "You scared the devil out of me. I thought—"
He closes his eyes and breathes shakily. There's too much input on his brain now. Too many questions he can't answer.
“I’m sorry, that’s my friend James Rhodes. He’s a rocket scientist, too,” Tony introduces. Rhodey only waves slightly, waiting for her to keep talking.
“It’s way more than that,” Tony butts in, and then winks at Steve silly. They exchange a smile and then Tony turns back to Clint. “Anyway, I’m this close to hacking your hearing device and disabling it, bird brain,” he says.
Steve watches him go with what he guesses must be a pretty goofy smile just as he hears the door of his neighbor being open.
“You're tiptoeing, big man. You need to strut,” Tony tells Banner, taking a few steps away from him.
“Alright, J,” he says as he walks over and grabs the keys for the Mazda MX-5 Miata. “Do me a favor and don’t let my father know I’m here just yet,” he tells the butler before going back to the hallway and fetching his hoodie.
"All right, Sam, duty calls," Steve says, offering his hand for Sam to shake. "Thanks for the run. If that's what you want to call running," he adds, jokingly.
Tony looks at him by the door. “I’m sorry,” he says again. All he can think about is Happy battling death in a hospital bed.
Rhodey stares at him, expressionless. He’s calculating the outcomes from tossing half of them to the other side of the room just for gigs; he knows it can’t possibly end well but he entertains the thought just for his pleasure.
banging my very hot soulmate even though we've been living under the same roof for at least seven months?" Tony asks, his eyes wide open at Clint.
He grabs one of the doctors by the collar and sends him flying in his angry confusion. In no time he has guns pointed at him like a caged animal.
"He'll be more powerful than any of us. Maybe all of us," Tony tells him. "An android designed by a robot," he adds.
“I—noticed your mark. Are you guys going through something?” he asks, with honest curiosity. Tony feels his throat go dry and he zips his mouth shut, almost glares at Bruce. “Hey, you wanna bring up my vicious, angry alter-ego, I get to throw you a few hard balls. Besides, I just wanna know for the sake of this little ‘team’ arrangement,” he adds, still pressing.
“Not if you don't leave,” Tony offers. Thor’s room in the compound is almost as luxurious as his own.
“There it is. That was easy,” Tony mutters after asking for another round. “I'm so sorry,” he adds, taking the prize off Rhodey's hands.
Tony is no good either because every time Steve touches his chest by mistake he flinches back like his wound is still right open.
Gay people couldn’t serve; homosexual conduct ‘can threaten the lives, including the physical and psychological well-being’ of other fellow servicemen and women. They weren’t
He kisses Maya softly in all the right spots that night and doesn’t hold it against her when she yanks her right wrist off his grip, before Tony’s eyes can catch what her mark says, or if she even has one.
"There are conventions. All right? You meet people. I didn't sell him anything," Tony explains, narrowing his eyes at him. "He was talking about finding something new, a game-changer. It was all very Ahab," he says.
“It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner,” Tony says, shaking the man’s hand. “You're work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster,” he adds.
Tony looks down at his plate, his lips curving down. He knows something’s been up, even Rhodey can sense it.
“Have I ever told you how much I love you, Jimmy boy?” Tony asks, a heartbeat after putting the telephone against his ear.
“Don’t worry. I’ll run some facial scanning and pattern recognition to try and find our big green and also keep a little bug around there for other people who might be trying to look for him,” Tony tells Thor, who frowns a little. “Yeah, I’ll just have them believe Bruce is moving from place to place, you know, divert them,” he adds.
Maybe so, but Steve’s gut – though Steve doesn’t know Tony enough yet, he keeps reminding himself – says otherwise.
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies. It is the signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” Thor tells Fury.
“Not yet. I’m gonna be stationed at Edwards, helping in the Weapons Development department until they need Flight Fighters anywhere else,” he explains and Tony looks down at his feet.
“Flat them out and look,” he says before he does it himself. Showing the special, metal suit weapon that can quite possibly help them escape.
Kissing the man bellow him, Steve starts to feel maybe this could be easier than he thought. He was about to get inside when in a blur he was being shoved aside and climbed by Tony instead; he let out a chuckle just out of pure delight.
Álvarez falls quiet and frowns at him, but then he softens it and looks down. “You don’t wanna talk about it…Alright,” he says, Rhodey’s not looking at him. “Okay, you know what? That’s fine, and that’s something you gotta figure out on your own so,” he goes over to the table, next to Rhodey, and stands there, doing something for a while. “I’m gonna leave you to it. And once you’re done, and you’ve made decisions,” he says, handing him a napkin, “I’m here, if you need anything. Happy birthday, Rhodes.”
"Whatever. Just call me," Rhodey says before he goes into the elevator and up to the common floor again, to suit up.
"Oh, those things? Barely took me an afternoon. Can't wait to hear Natasha diss them," Tony replies, closing some holographic tabs on his desk.
"Sorry," Clint explains, holding Natasha up as she wraps her arm around his shoulders. "I had to kick you, my hands are kinda full. We gotta go," he says, as they move out of the ship.
“Hey, heat up the sake, will you?” Tony asks the flight attendants, completely changing the subject.
After the —much awkward and almost absolutely silent— dinner is over, Tony heads back to the library and promptly devours nearly every textbook on soulmate scarring, silently cursing his teenage past self for paying little to no attention to any of this during biology class. Who knew you could get more than one soulmate mark? And that some people got them even before reaching their eighteens properly? Hell, no one told him you could get them even in a whole different language.
Then he notices Rhodey’s presence and as Rhodey’s almost about to reach out to shake his hand, the man goes: “Can you please bring us two coffees?”
“Sure, boss,” Happy says and holds the door open for Pepper. “In the meantime, please, have Gina give you a badge, alright?” Happy tells Tony.
Natasha quirks an eyebrow and looks at Steve. "Steve doesn't like that kind of talk," she tells Fury, but she's only looking at him.
“Mister Jarvis,” he greets back. “Uhm, this is my mother, my sister,” he introduces them to Tony’s butler and basically father figure.
Tony glares at her just a little and then rolls his eyes, it’s better to just forget last week even happened, and yet, he has a mark on his wrist to prevent him from doing just that.
"I'm sorry, that's a terrible idea," Tony says as Maya bends to grab Pepper's bags. "Please don't touch her bags!"
Steve shakes his head and puts a hand on his shoulder, rubbing the ache, surely. “What was that?” he asks, looking down at Tony on the floor.
“Well, I’ve read that when your soulmate dies it’s —kind of a big deal. It’s, it’s like losing a kidney,” Tony says, half-serious, half-joking.
“I missed you these past few days. Thought you’d gone off and forgot this old woman,” she says, as she arranges some oranges.
He was getting better at kissing Steve without having a near cardiac arrest every time. All Tony had to do was keep practicing.
It is the biggest milestone of his life and Jim, with his great grades and clean history and athletic damn-near perfection, knows life couldn’t get any better. He’d get to make his dream come true, hopefully have a successful career and provide for his family, hell,
Tony hands the woman the prize, going: “Wow, would you look at that? That's something else; I don’t have any of those floating around”. He makes his new bet then, “We're gonna let it ride!” he yells and takes the dices into his fist. “Give me a hand, will ya'? Give me a little something-something,” he tells the woman, putting his hand in front of her face for her to blow at it faintly. “You too,” he says, putting the hand in front of Rhodey.
Steve feels the tears bubble up, stuff his heart, but they never come out of his eyes. They haven't been coming out lately. Couple of months ago, he'd spent the whole day crying but now his body seems to have gotten so used to his bottled up sadness that it isn't shaken no more.
“I see that, cause it's on your t-shirt,” Tony replies, fake enthusiasm and then the elevator sounds, announcing their arrival. “Ladies, follow the mullet,” he tells the girls, as Happy walks out first.
"Let's keep our fingers crossed," he says, calm, and gives Steve a reassuring nod before the doors close.
“I mean, there are also plenty successful subjects –about a few dozens of them each continent—and people can live a happy, normal life while on permanent pill treatments and the sorts. It’s really up to you—”
He lets his shoulders drop. So, yeah, he knows. Of course he does, he’s goddamned Tony Stark. “Yes. Of course I do, Steve. The guy tried to kill you. I had to know who I was dealing with,” he tries to explain.
“Yep, already. I got promoted to Captain after going to Somalia in ’94, then it’s been nothing but smooth sailing from there,” he says, and Álvarez nods with a pout.
Steve is flicking it on in a second. "Tony," he calls but Tony's already pulled the blanket over his head. "Tony," Steve tries again and pulls the blanket down. "What are you doing? What did Clint say?"
And as soon as he wakes up, the next day —the first day of the brand new and promising 2000—, he finds her working on her computer, in her underwear and a white robe.
"Your welcome-back party," Pepper says. "We can't just let people keep thinking you're dead, Tony," she explains, her arms open.
Rhodey’s done with SUPT faster than he thinks, this time the group of other fellow airmen was nicer than the one at IFT; they were more mature, focused on their own stuff, and there were more women.
Allen gets in the passenger seat, shaking his head. “You really think he’s just gonna come back, hand himself over?”
It’s just a happy, satisfied Tony. One at peace with the fact that they stopped one of his creations from taking over the world.
Tony opens his mouth to refute but he realizes there's no point. "I mean— yeah. We just came back from a mission and I smelled like sweat and metal and, well, I wanna do this, Steve," he says, and he's moving towards him again, slowly.
Tony figures they were joking. He was absolutely incapable of filling his father’s shoes, even if he wanted to. “Isn’t Obie taking care of that?” he asks and Peggy and Jarvis exchange a look that raises far more questions than it answers. “What? What’s wrong with Obie?”
But the man is unflinching. “You’re not gonna do anything, Barnes,” he says, his last name rolling softly on his tongue.
Tony shrugs. It was half doing what’s right for the innocent people of Manhattan, half to spite a certain assessment
Natasha lets out a soft chuckle at that, like he's truly offering the most unrealistic thing, not just regular friendship. "Well, there's a chance you might be in the wrong business, Rogers," she says, turning serious at last.
They make it back to Washington by the morning. "We can't go any-fucking-where, Rogers," Natasha had said earlier, but Steve had already a place in mind.
Steve nods proudly and his chest feels loose. Tony's about to exit the room when Steve speaks again. "Uhm, wait, Tony— do you think I can take a sheet and a pencil? There's a great view of the tower in the café place, maybe I could draw something while we're there," he asks.
“Why, you wanna ask him out on a date?” Rhodey replies, his patience running out by the second. Williams shows his teeth but he doesn’t look amused.
“Wait, wait—w, what's happening?”  Tony asks and Steve notices he had basically thrown himself onto Tony sitting on the couch.
Tony pats him on the back as they part and then goes. "Hey, once you're done with that, you know you can join in, right? I got your floor ready," he comments. "There's an update there for War Machine, too."
"Even two." Yu complies with a tired look, but then he lays his hands on top of his files. "Anyways, we recently got our hands on some files—"
Rhodey stares at Ross not sure what to take from that when the man flashes a smile and offers his hand for Rhodey to shake, grounding him back. "Uh— thank you, sir... and congratulations, for the position, Mr. Secretary," Rhodey adds, diplomatically.
“Okay, let me stop you there,” Tony cuts in, Steve falls quiet and gets even more nervous. “I feel I know where this is going and I think it’s safe to say that, you know, we weren’t ourselves there. So—yeah, we’re both sorry, right?” he goes, his eyebrows narrowing but his lips curve into a soft smile.
Rhodey looks down in regret. "That's not what I meant to say, sir. All I'm saying is that— the Winter Soldier? He's just a pawn. HYDRA should be our top priority, not some puppet-man," he says.
“Stark Industries founder, Howard Stark, was found dead this morning after enduring multiple injuries in a car crash. The Long Island Police Department confirmed the accident occurred at night, somewhere around 7 PM. The inventor, with a brilliant record of helping the U.S. Armed Forces, was with his wife, Maria, who also died at the scene. They left only one son, Anthony Edward, who is set to graduate with the highest honors at MIT upcoming June,” the woman on the TV says and Rhodey feels his heart sink.
Rhodey frowns and looks at the paper carefully. There's a photo of a man sitting in what looked like a coffee shop. The photo was completely irrelevant until you could see a shining metal hand resting on the table as Barnes sipped his coffee.
He breathes evenly and sits, dwells on the memories of whatever he was before, whoever he was before.
as he picks up his shield and stands next to him, turning his full attention towards Loki, sitting on the stairs on the floor. His hands up defensively as he whooshes his armor away, surrendering.
Rhodey actually feels sick at the sight. “Tones, you do know I’ve been in the Middle East for almost the past three months, right?
Peggy puts a hand on his face and Steve's mind travels decades ago. "I missed you, too, Steve," she says, softly
"I'm not the director of anybody," Fury says, then sits on a hay bale. "I'm just an old man who cares very much about you," he says, looking up at him.
“Blossom, it’s cute you think I listened to or even remembered anything remotely relevant in that place,” Tony says.
Steve presses his lips in a thin smile. “Mmm, yep. You’ve got me,” Steve jokes. “Turns out a super soldier with no college degree or expertise can’t do much in this new, advanced century and everything’s so much more expensive now so I really needed the money,” he adds and Tony’s laugh is now surely Steve’s favorite sound.
He closes his eyes and he sees it, crystal clear in his memory like no time has passed. The frozen horizon over the artic sea, with the sun looming in just right to give a perfect light to it.
Tony took care of everything as carefully as he takes care of the plans, of his blueprints and his projects. He took care of Steve like he takes care of his armor, like he takes care of the world.
Jim takes the mail out of Jeanette’s hands with a swift motion and ignores his little sister’s ‘Hey!’.
“The man on the bridge,” he blurts instead, his voice softer than he’s ever allowed. “Who was he?” He asks, locking his eyes with his handler.
“No showers,” Tony cuts, his eyes unsteady, like he’s having flashbacks. Rhodey nods just once. “Just— just give me some wet towels and some deodorant and cologne, I’ll be good to go,” he adds.
Allen stares at him and gives him a lopsided smile. "Sometimes you're too good for your own good, Jimmy," he says, kind-hearted. "You wanna know what I think?" he asks.
And then he spots him, sitting by the bar, sipping on a whiskey, dressed in a tailored black tuxedo with a white shirt underneath.
“Oh, yeah, hi, they told me you'd be coming,” he greets Steve, shaking his head and looking at him upside down.
“Well, to be honest with you, we don’t really know. Our doc says it was suspended animation; it could be Doctor Erskine’s formula, I don’t know,” he says.
Pepper figures that’s a good time to tell him as any. “I called him,” she says and Tony’s head draws up so fast it’s almost funny. “A few days ago. Booked him a flight over here, too. Thought it was time you got out of your shell for a change,” Pepper adds.
"I do. I have you," Fury says, his arms open. "Back in the day, I had eyes everywhere. Ears, everywhere else. You kids had all the tech you could dream up," he says, taking a few steps. "Here we all are, back on Earth, with nothing but our wit and our will to save the world."
Peggy summarizes for him all her relationship with Howard post Steve's death, how she founded SHIELD with him and all the adventures she got up before she finally reached her retirement at 76.
“Actually, he's the boss,” Tony tells her, turning on his seat to point at Steve. “I just pay for everything and design everything and make everyone look cooler,” he adds to be smug but his audience pays him no mind.
“The one that runs investigations for global warming in the Arctic?” Pepper asks and Tony tilts his head, closing one eye just a little.
“He's got increased metabolism and improved thermal homeostasis. Her thing is neuroelectric interfacing, telekinesis, mental manipulation,” Hill answers but Steve looks at her like she just spoke a different language. “He's fast and she's weird,” Hill summarizes.
"When you two programmed him to protect the human race, you amazingly failed," Natasha says, looking between Tony and Bruce.
So Rhodey got to come back home with a few physical scars and far more physiological ones, got the rank of Captain on his shoulders for his services and the promise of going back to fight more fights in the name of America.
“Who are you?” Rhodey turns, nearly jumping in startlement, to find a man standing on the door frame. A six foot guy, with brown hair wrapped in a pony-tail and a
It’s been two months since Rhodey left Steve’s new Avengers team's so-called training after being called up by his superiors to help with a few missions in Egypt and Libya. He didn’t need training like the sentient robot or that new kid did, only some basic team-building.
Fury makes his way to the sink with a glass on his hand. "Ultron took you folks out of play to buy himself time," he picks up from where he left. "My contacts all say he's building something. The amount of vibranium he made off with, I don't think it's just one thing," he shares.
Steve makes it back after his long walk, spotting Tony carrying some logs of wood to a spot by the front yard. Tony stops midtrack once he catches Steve looking at him with a raised chin.
“Hi,” she replies to him and then directs her eyes back to Coulson. “They need you on the bridge, they’re starting the face-trace,” she tells him.
“I ain’t gotta let you do anything, Tony. I still get a lot of shit for what happened before, your kidnapping included,” Rhodes says, sternly.
It’s the only one that doesn’t have that haunting red sign on top; instead it gives a ‘current address’ as 57-J Merryweather, Westchester, UK and a phone number. He takes a look at the room and finds the phone in the corner, at the back, and for a split second he actually considers it.
Steve starts to say something but Tony just groans and looks down. “I didn’t mean to say that—ugh.” Tony rubs a hand against his temple. “Damn, does this ever get old?” he mutters, looking to the left.
Tony walks around the big table and catches up to the doctor. “Finally, someone who speaks English,” he says, smiling at the doctor.
He knew that, eventually, people were going to start questioning what they did. In fact, after New York, he realized the wreckage their battles left behind needed to be taken care of.
Tony opens his mouth slowly, a smile curving devilish, and his tongue peeks out pointy and wet; he rolls it through Steve’s starving lips and Steve feels like he’s being knocked the fuck over.
It all happens in a messy, fast blur, like most bad, catastrophic things. One minute he's talking about the Maxim models experience of last year, laughing with a couple of young American soldiers, the next he's watching them die on him, getting fucking exploded to kingdom come.
The tank blows up not long after he dropped into the deepness of the ocean. “Rad levels are as good as can be expected. It was pretty deep when it actually exploded,” Rhodey tells General Meade on the comm. “Anything from the prisoners?”
Rhodey almost lets out a whine as he goes over to one of the bar’s stools and sits. “I fell asleep at four AM trying to gather as much information on this guy as I could and nothing about him made any of this make sense,” he says, a little helpless.
Tony steps out from under the brand new and updated version of War Machine just after he’s done doing the final adjustment. “Alright, J, run the simulation and let me know how long ‘til Rhodey gets here so I can give him the good news,” he says, sipping from his water bottle.
"Yeah. Nazis have been working with US credentials and jurisdiction, Nick Fury died," Yu says. "We even have reasons to believe so did Captain America, but that's yet to be confirmed."
"Ultron's got an enemy," Fury retorts. "That's not the same thing. Still, I'd pay folding money to know who it is," he adds.
“Well, great, then. Because this is kind of important,” Rhodes continues, as he walks over to them and puts something on the computer screens.
“Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?” Rogers asks at his back, almost politely, but Tony snaps.
He’s also sporting a clean-shaved goatee now. As soon as Tony spots Rhodey, he finishes running down the stairs, two steps at a time.
Steve lets out a sigh. "You know, I really miss the days when the weirdest thing science ever created was me," he says and Tony gives him a sympathetic smile.
Tony lets the water wash up all over him and the anxiety lurking in the back of his throat. He gets out of the shower and starts dressing up, thinking about three new Mark models ahead, when Jarvis shows him the security footage of the front door.
“Who are you?!” he yells, right before two other men in black gear show up. They make up to grab him but he kicks one in front of the other with enough strength they both go flying right through the wall, exposing a different room outside.
I know Tony canonically graduated from MIT at 17, but that math didn't work with what I wanted or found reasonable so I hope you can move past that little canon-bend.
“Hey, Dave,” Rhodey calls, his voice quiet, bare. Álvarez turns to him with full attention and bright olive eyes. “I don’t care, either,” he says, remembering their first conversation, two months ago. He hopes to God his eyes do the rest for him, because he doesn’t think he can really bring himself to talk about this out loud. But he needs Álvarez to know, he needs his conscience clear.
“Sorry, kids, you don't get to see my party trick after all,” Bruce comments, after putting down the scepter back on the table and walking towards one of the computers.
But then he realizes how that sounds and his face does a funny shift where Steve can almost see him wanting to be swallowed whole by the floor. Tony moves to down his drink in one shot and then look a Steve with a ‘sorry’ on his face.
"I know. What would you do without me?" he concedes, before rolling the chair to sit in front of him. "So, I take it they gave you new orders," he says later in an asking tone.
"Thanks to you, it's been my mantra ever since. Right?" Killian explains. "You simply rule from behind the scenes. Because the second you give evil a face, a Bin Laden, a Gaddafi, a Mandarin, you hand the people a target."
Rhodey puts his hands together and takes a deep breath. “Well, biology doesn’t seem to agree,” he says, raising his eyebrows at Tony's wrist.
Thor shifts in his position. “Yes, yes, of course. A victory should be honored with revels,” he answers, raising his eyebrows.
If this is the last chapter I post before we all see Endgame, I find it a little poetic that it ends at the beginning of everything.
I wanna apologize for missing for so long but I decided to work on a tiny monster fic in May of this year and it took away my attention off this one. I promise I won't take up another work until at least two more chapters heh
“An arc reactor? Like the one at SI?” Rhodey wonders, the doctors are slowly approaching Tony, who nods at Rhodey’s answer.
“Careful. Careful, we only get one shot at this,” Tony says, holding his car battery as he watches the old man get the melted steel out of the fire.
Tony turns to him. "Really? That's it? You just roll over, show your belly every time somebody snarls?"
They arrive at aircraft carrier in no time and a redheaded woman begins approaching them as soon as they step out of the jet. Steve recognizes her from the debrief package, but he can’t remember her name.
So he keeps shooting at them, until he sends one of them flying away from the highway right into a bus.
Steve nods once, he's long since stopped being ashamed of it. "And as far as I know, so does Iron Man," Steve retorts.
Tony rests by the threshold and smiles widely with a frown on his face, Steve is drying his hands with a tiny towel. "Wow, are you my soulmate or something?" he jokes.
Tony twists Steve's right wrist and rubs his thumb on his mark. "Listen, there's one truth to all this and it's right here. It doesn't matter, Steve. What I've done, what you haven't done— it's all the same. When all's laid down: right now, at this very moment, we're both feeling the same thing," he assures him.
"He's fast. Strong," Steve says, then looks down and remembers the mysterious man, catching his shield at full-force like he was catching a paper ball. "Had a metal arm", he adds.
The God walks a few steps away and turns to face them, gives them one last nod with a smile before he disappears behind that Mario Kart-looking rainbow glow, leaving a mark of burnt grass on the way.
Almost seven feet tall, what Steve guesses is Tony’s new suit hangs from the ceiling, attached to chains and cables as it’s brought to its final completion.
Steve fell quiet and smiled down at him, his lips just slightly parted as he breathed in and out softly.
He crawls his way out and blinks repeatedly, staring at the ground, hundreds of feet beneath them. He needs to get his head right.
Tony stands, still shaking, and takes another deep breath, trying to steady himself back to normal. He goes over the sink and pours water into a glass, then gulps it all down as if water held all the answers.
“Oh, yeah, he’s just a nice guy buying some apples. What did you expect to see? Him impaling Italian citizens in broad daylight?” Allen asks sarcastically.
He walks with Tony in a jeans and an MIT dark-gray sweater beside him all the way to the café he has frequented over that last few weeks. Tony has the hoodie covering his head but that's about it, they don't get spotted.
He looks at the fire and smells in the smoke and his mind is crushing down, walls around him collapsing like the very plane he's on.
But then she sighs and rubs her temple. “Well, is everything handled? Are they coming back?” Pepper asks, her voice going about to notches down.
Tony can feel him slowly slipping away and there’s not a single plan in his head to stop that from happening.
“Hey, buddy, I gotta go. Eat dinner with the folks,” he shares, like he’s saying he’s going to the electric chair.
Tony’s mouth zips and he looks at Happy in the back just as a reflex, not sure what to make out of all of it.
“Which I get the irony. Kudos. You win. You outdid me. We’re even. Please, don’t ever fucking do that again,” Tony goes on again, this time taking a few steps closer to him on his bed.
In a marked glass, there's a picture of a man, the same man standing at Steve's side in the Commandos stand.
However, after he rings the doorbell and some lady lets him in into Peggy's house he feels himself vibrating with adrenaline, like when he's about to face a foe.
“Steve,” Tony calls him, he’s taken off his shoes and he’s barefoot and in his underarmor wear, he's rubbing his fingers together, hesitantly.
Eventually, Rhodey —who is now a Major—becomes a liaison between the military and Stark Industries and starts working on the Weapons Development department of Edwards, giving test-runs to most of Tony’s tech and approving most of the Air Force weapons purchasing.
Rhodey stares at Allen for another second as his hands flip through the pages, through the information about the fourth Mandarin attack and how it has gone public, until he finds the last page.
They've been looking unsuccessfully for four days straight but they get nowhere. Ultron's managed to outsmart him and Bruce at every turn and it's actively pissing him off.
Tony presses a kiss on his bulge through the fabric before he pulls it down and obscenely lets his mouth fall open at Steve's cock.
Maya looks at him for a brief second to agree. "Yeah, no. Not really. It— it was just one night," she says, doing a little shrug.
“We are. The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile,” Bruce replies, pointing to Fury to one of the screens.
“You mean your mark?” the Doctor wonders and Tony nods. She takes a breath and looks around herself before answering: “Some tech’s being developed so people can numb down the part of the DNA coding that gives you your mark,” she shares. “It’s all very untested and I’ve heard it has demonstrated different kinds of outcomes. The one considered most successful being total erasure of your mark but it comes at the cost of some significant biological damage,” she says.
He takes a few steps towards Bruce and looks into his eyes. “This could be it, Bruce,” Tony says. “This could be the key to creating Ultron,” he adds, to remind the doctor of the long since lost project they had been brainstorming around since a few years ago.
“Obie, what the hell? This is my friend, James Rhodes. He’s from MIT,” Tony steps in and Rhodey swallows and puts on his best manners suit, forcing himself not to glare at the man as he shakes his hand.
Tony shakes his head. "I'm not sure he even knows," Tony trails, then he turns to Rhodey swiftly. "Hey, why don't we go, check it out?" Tony offers.
“Even from an early age, the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant and unique mind. At age four, he built his first circuit board. At age six, his first engine. And at 21, he graduated Summa Cum Laude from MIT,” the montage continues, showing pictures of the times when he met Tony. “Then, the passing of a titan. Howard Stark's lifelong friend and ally Obadiah Stane step in to help fill the gap left by the legendary founder. Until almost a year after his father’s demise, the prodigal son returns and is anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries. With the keys to the kingdom, Tony ushers in a new era for his father's legacy, creating smarter weapons, advanced robotics, satellite targeting. Today, Tony Stark has changed the face of the weapons industry, by ensuring freedom and protecting America and her interests around the globe”, it ends.
Natasha sighs. "Well, this is good times, boss, but I was kind of hoping when I saw you, you'd have more than that," she tells Fury.
In no time, they manage to get SHIELD’s files hacked and closer to the Cube. But just some shy minutes before that, one Nick Fury steps in.
“You experience things and then they're over and you still can't explain 'em,” he says, his eye squinting a little. “Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I— I'm just a man in a can,” he adds, shrugging. “The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because we moved back here and, like, you’ve been with me this whole time. Which is great. I love you, I'm lucky you’re here. But, Pep, I can't sleep,” he finishes, his voice almost cracking.
"If that's not the case, then I will have to remind you that I'm not asking you. I'm giving you an order, is that clear?" Yu says, his fingers entwined, on top of his desk.
The car appears on the road just at the perfect time. Alone, in the dead of the night. One easy shot to the back wheel and physics does the rest, nature helps enough stage the scene. The year model car is now a wreck.
“I don’t know, man,” he answers. “My best guess is that they were just turning 18 and,” he gives a vague shrug. “—something bad happened. That would explain why I got it so late and then why it didn’t last,” he says and Tony gives one last look at his wrist.
Steve walks over to the big window and bathes in the bright blueness the view is offering. “Doctor, thank you for coming,” he hears Nick say in the back.
But Tony knows he's been having this nightmare since long before that girl fell into Strucker's plate. "I wasn't tricked, I was
Steve smiles, pleased. “You want more coffee?” Steve asks, putting his hands on his own knees before standing up.
Rhodey saves him the burden of knowing what people think of him, he isn’t sure it’ll be helpful for anyone, and instead says, “Nothing.”
Tony opens his mouth as if offended and shakes his head. "No, I don't wanna talk about it," Tony says, doing a little shrug, but Rhodey just takes a bite of his Churro and gives him a look. "Fine. But
Tony’s smiling façade fades slowly, replaced with a somewhat somber expression. He looks down, tired, but unashamed. His shoulders are curved down and he looks tiny. The angle works enough for Steve to see Tony’s lower lip tremble, like breathing makes him shake.
Aideed had perpetrated an attack on a Pakistani convoy, killing twenty-four soldiers and wounding another forty-four. Making himself the UN’s —and the US’s—top priority on African soil as of 1993.
"All our work is gone," Bruce announces after they've gathered in their lab. "Ultron cleared out. He used the Internet as an escape hatch", he adds.
"Oh, okay," Sam says, laughing a little. "Any time you want to stop by the VA, make me look awesome in front of the girl at the front desk, just let me know," Sam adds as Steve makes his way over the sidewalk.
“Look, I’m gonna go drink until this thing gets blurry on its own. You either join me or go,” Tony says, opening his hand as he points it towards the door.
“I know there’s no music, but I believe I owe you a dance, ma’am,” Steve says, standing to offer her his hand.
“He wants you to build the missile—the Jericho missile that you demonstrated,” the old man translates, then he takes the piece of paper of the bearded man’s face and shows it to Tony. “This one,” he adds, Tony barely needs to look at it.
When the doors slide open, he faces what he’s absolutely certain is Tony’s lab in the Tower. It’s a wide room, with machinery and tools and blueprints and computer screens all over.
It used to mean someone – someone important. Him. No, someone else. Friends, brothers in arms. No. His grandfather.
The thought of giving up the Avengers scares him. Scares him more than anything he's ever been scared about.
He puts his hands on her shoulders. “I'm not sure,” Tony says, quietly. There’s a shrinking fear bubbling up in his gut but he thinks it might be a reaction to Shawarma. “But I think we're safe for now,” he adds.
“Thor's right, Ultron is calling us out," Steve talks then. "And I'd like to find him before he's ready for us. The world's a big place. Let's start making it smaller,” he orders.
Tony just turns to him frowning. "Ok. Do I ever ask you about your relationship with Natasha? Or what about this whole suspicious scenario, that you say Laura's your sister in law but what about your sibling then? You know, the one she's married to?"
“Steve. It’s fine. I’m not pissed, I get it. I just wish I hadn’t missed all that fun. Hey,” Tony says, grabbing Steve’s hand again, just to get his attention.
He takes deep breaths, one after the other, trying to ease his pain —his never ending pain— when he remembers Tony's words: "She's been expecting you reach her."
Tony just moves his head to one side and takes another drink. "Just, gathering my ideas. You know, keep on improving. And keeping an eye on this Mandarin guy Rhodey just refuses to let me help him with," Tony shares.
Steve jolts awake, squeezing Tony's hand on his neck. Hard. It makes Tony jump a little. "You could have— saved us," he chokes, blood spitting out of his teeth.
This is not the coming-of-from-the-rush-of-near-death-and-a-dash-of-trauma Tony after the Chitauri attack a few years back, nor the I’m-ashamed-I-made-you-believe-I-was-dead Tony from the year later.
Steve frowns, unconvinced, but his stomach feels funny just at the thought of going out and seeing Tony. He’d spent the entire week reading stuff on the laptop to try to gather as much information as he could, stopping just when he started getting overwhelmed by everything.
Álvarez does his best not to stare back and blinks. “Can I ask a personal question?” he goes, Rhodey does his best not to roll his eyes.
The files on his untouched desk get heavier every day and he considers calling Peggy almost every five hours, still cowering from doing it in the end.
"Hey," Tony calls for him, hands on the sides of his face. They're just standing by the edge of Steve's mattress.  "What happened?"
Tony blinks slowly and misses how Steve's neck is turning red. "It's fine, I can eat after you go," he says instead, but Steve opens his eyes in something akin to horror.
"Director," Rhodey greets Fury in all of his black-leather glory. Then he turns to Maria and smiles at her.
Tony's about to be done with his last burger when Steve notices he's been staring at his work. Steve draws his eyes up and smiles as Tony almost flinches nervously, cleaning his mouth with a napkin.
"No, don't do that," Steve interrupts him, raising an open palm at him. "Don't box me in with the rest of them," he says, pointing to the side. Then he takes a step closer to him, just like he did moments ago. "It's you and me right now— you didn't think I would understand?" Steve asks, his eyes between soft and sharp.
"It's the world internet hub in Oslo," Bruce answers. "Every byte of data flows through there. Fastest access on Earth," he explains.
Natasha just shrugs. "In case you don't wanna talk about it, or you'd sent me to hell or whatever," she replies, like it's obvious.
He presses his lips into a thin line, his smile fading, and Steve eyes him. “Tony, I wouldn’t try to get rid of the mark,” he says, his voice steady, answering the unasked question.
This one is also fairly short again, considering how long I took (again) to update. Again, I'll let you know that I've written plenty chapters ahead so the story is not near of being abandoned, in case any of you ever fears that. It's all a matter of getting the chapters properly clean before I publish. For your sake and my mental well-being.
“Good morning,” the brunette woman says, then checks her watch. “Or should I say, afternoon?” she adds, all constricted likeness.
Steve closes his eyes for a split second in regret. "Did you tell everyone about that?" he asks Tony.
They settle at the compound two days after the battle in Sokovia and Tony's really glad that his teammates seem to finally embrace the need for a common shelter-slash-base of operations.
“You talk like I didn’t come out successful the last time,” Tony grumbles and the Colonel’s mouth falls open.
“Oh my god, am I still sleeping?” Tony hears after the door swings open. He turns from the big chair, feeling tinier, and smiles at Pepper. “You’re here early,” she points, smiling.
Next morning Rhodey wakes up with a headache and the smell of freshly made coffee. He steps out of the guest room and walks into the living room, his eyes squinting at the bright light coming out of the huge wall-window.
Steve grins. “I’m Steve,” he replies, taking Tony’s hand into his own and shaking it, his wrist burning, pulsing hot blood at the touch.
“Private hearing?” Rhodey frowns but instead of waiting for his colleague to explain, he reads the pages.
He stands quickly, with one sticky barefoot. “Are you okay?” Tony asks, pushing the buttons of the lab’s elevator to the top floor.
He walks slowly back to the vault and steps out of his suit with a tug on his stomach; a loser, he feels. Not fast enough, not smart enough. Loki moved them along like pawns, following exactly as he planned.
On the screen, Rhodey sees a man with a mask blowing a car on a highway. Rhodey recognizes the attack as one of the ones that went down last week.
“Hey, Dad,” Tony says again, his hand — half raised— waving slightly. Howard doesn’t turn from his papers, instead grabs another pile and starts digging through them. “So, you good?” he tries, the awkward silence slowly deafening.
Steve thinks of the darkened windows and the unrested look; he doesn’t dig, but he keeps on locking his eyes with Tony’s in the hope that the man opens up to him.
Jimmy runs up the stairs before his parents can see him cry. His Pops never likes it, says Jimmy’s not supposed to let the world see him crack (“Because they’re like sharks, boy, when they smell blood, they’ll come for more”) and his Momma’s always protective and embarrassing, thinking Jimmy can’t stand on his own.
Rhodey nods. “Right. You’re— kinda glowing there, man. Something happened?” he asks and watches Natasha leave them.
Tony takes the hand off his face with a short breath and the boy leans forward to whisper something to Tony’s ear Rhodey can’t catch.
Tony's mouth is closing around his cock, filling up and emptying out as Tony moves his head, and Steve's grinding his teeth so hard he's sure the rest of the team can hear it.
He pulls over in front of a bookstore and takes several deep breaths. “What the hell?” he wonders, rolls slightly more up the sleeve of his dress uniform and takes a better look. “What the hell is going on?” he mutters to himself.
"It's— it's Cap's friend. From the 40s," Rhodey says, but he's confused. Deeply so. He looks at the picture of Barnes again. "I saw him in the Captain America exhibit at the Smithsonian, just a few weeks back— wait, how's that even possible?" Rhodey asks, turning from the file to look at Yu.
Tony blinks from his spot. "Are we still at "ding-dong"? We're supposed to be on total security lockdown," he yells, hitting the table. "Come on, I threatened a terrorist. Who is that?" Tony asks.
“What if that happens again? What if it’s Ms. Potts instead of me?” Steve asks, bending down to get Tony’s attention on the floor. “Tony,” he calls for him again, when Tony won’t look. “Let me help you,” he adds.
Tony just shakes his head and scoffs. “Please, you don’t even have to mention it. I know your plate’s been kinda full and I get it. I’m there, too, Steve. I wanna catch all of them as much as you do,” he says.
Tony lets out a single ‘ha!’. “Do you really have to be a little shit right now? I’m serious,” he tries and he pushes Steve to sit next to him.
Thor smiles sarcastically. “Yeah, yeah— I’ll ask Heimdall to keep an eye on you. Just let him know then,” he explains.
"That was dramatic," Ultron says. "I'm sorry, I know you mean well. You just didn't think it through. You want to protect the world but you don't want it to change," he says. "How is humanity saved if it's not allowed to... evolve? With these? These puppets. There's only one path to peace— The Avengers' extinction."
The ‘something’ being the terrorist attack message Steve saw on the news at Peggy’s home back in England.
He returns only forty minutes later to find his mother laying on the ground in the living room, sipping on eggnog, while she wraps the presents she bought. “Honey!” she greets.
"That's a Stark Industries credential. And it has all my data so it about gives you unlimited access to anything here," Tony explains. "Go find your mom and then you can wander around here. I'll come to meet you guys in a second, deal?"
He sits in the darkness of the kitchen and waits for Pierce to realize he's there. They didn't tell him anything when they left him there, only that they needed him again.
“Started out, Jarvis was just a natural language UI. Now he runs the Iron Legion,” Tony says. “He runs more of the business than anyone besides Pepper— Top of the line,” he trails.
"Nothing. Nevermind, let's just— go to sleep. Goodnight," Tony says quickly, turning to the switch by the table to turn off the lights and lay down on the bed.
If Tony’s gonna throw himself at him every time he comes back from duties, Rhodey’s gonna have to do something about his back.
But Tony won’t burden him with it. All he needs is to fix this and fix it quick. All he needs is for Earth and everyone he loves in it to be safe.
Tony takes a few seconds to say: “I don’t know what he’s talking about,” as he stands just a few steps away from Pepper on the couch.
Steve puts a hand on Tony's lower back and pulls him closer to his stomach, feeling Tony's bulge press against his abs and he smiles proudly in the kiss before he flips them around, letting Tony sink in the mattress with the weight of their bodies.
"How do you feel about giant stuffed animals?" Tony asks, clasping his hands together behind himself.
Sam nods at him once more then he wets his lips with his tongue before he goes: "Marvin Gaye, 1972, Trouble Man soundtrack," Steve takes the recommendation and takes his tiny notebook out of his pocket. "Everything you missed jammed into one album."
Cap doesn't have to sleep nearly naked in the freezing cold or otherwise he doesn't find rest. Cap doesn't cry at least twice a week for his dead friends and his past life.
Facing the warm fireplace, Tony stands smaller than usual. A dark-gray vest and no jacket, with his hands stuffed inside his pockets.
“Oh? My favorite kind. A winning combo,” Tony jokes, grabbing on Maya’s hand and starting to walk away from the crowd, Happy ahead of them.
Howard stands and stares at him, wordless. Tony sees his own eyes in the deep brown of his father’s but he doesn’t drive his eyes away from his glare; won’t give him that. Howard shakes his head after a while, not getting a worthy comeback, giving up.
“Went great, looks like it's gonna be an early Christmas,” Tony answers, making his way to the Humvee.
“Really, what? Making sure the world knows you’re tackier than anyone could ever imagine?” Pepper jokes.
Steve’s fingers slip sneakily to grab his and Tony’s never gonna get used to the way Steve’s fingertips make his entire body act up. Like a tiny little spasm every time he comes into contact with Steve’s skin.
Allen sits quietly and reads then throws the folder back on the desk with a face. "Ok, so. There's definitely something fishy, I'll give you that," he says.
“Really? They want me in a submerged pressurized metal container?” the Doctor asks humorously and then they take a look.
Natasha gives him a look that packs a lot of things, Steve can't even grasp just how many. But this time, Natasha does talk, so he doesn't have to guess. "When I first joined S.H.I.E.L.D. I thought I was going straight," she says, smiling a little broken. "But I guess I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA," she adds.
Tony takes his phone out of his back pocket and opens the vault where he keeps the suit. Back to the safe spot.
“You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart. This stops it,” Tony shares, tapping on his arc reactor. “This little circle of light, it's part of me now, not just armor.  It's a terrible privilege,” he adds, walking over to stand in front of Bruce.
He saves him and he stares at him breathing and he feels a tug on his heart and he can't tell if it's good or bad. Maybe it's both.
He twists his neck, knowing he's been carefully looked at and lets his shoulders fall. Relaxes. Then he looks down at his hands, bent and pressed against his knees, and he sees it again.
He can picture himself there, with her and her brown uniform and her red lipstick and nice curves and unshaken personality.
“Well, and how are you now? You’ve made peace with the fact that you’ve returned to the land of the marginalized, mate-less souls?” Tony asks, starting to walk into the building.
There are seventeen more pages but Tony’s eyelids are giving up. He’ll get some more info tomorrow before he calls Rhodey to give him the hopefully good news.
“God, is he always this dramatic?” Tony mutters, a hand on his forehead to shield himself from the sun.
He draws the corner of his mouth up and looks at Bruce for a brief moment. “Always a way out,” the Captain says. “You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero,” he says.
Rhodey gives him a look; he’s not amused. "Open the glove compartment. There's a gun there," he instructs.
“You almost bought it, didn't you?” he says, chuckling. But then Maya’s wearing his glasses and smiling widely at him and he can’t remember the last time he felt this drawn to a simple hookup. He takes a breath and stares at her more before they start to lean in for a kiss.
-THE FIC IS TURNING ANOTHER LEAF. (Tomorrow, May 7) So, I just wanna thank you all again for joining me in this fun ride!
“You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message,” Tony says, staring serious at the phone.
With his hand clawed on his shoulder, he drives him to his room— to his cell. There are gray plastic boxes all over the room and a chair with machinery and equipment to the right.
He walks through the streets of Vidin and forces himself to relax, as he’s done all these past months since he got free from them. Since he started running.
"He's all over the globe. Robotics labs, weapons facilities, jet propulsion labs," Maria explains to Steve as they make their way to the common studio. "Reports of a metal man, or men, coming in and emptying the place."
Steve doesn't dwell much on it because Tony's lowering him down again and this time he takes his time. Tony's beard tickles him pleasantly as he moves across Steve's chest, slowly; a mix of breath, tongue, beard, more breath.
They had begun talking amicably during the whole week, but nothing too important to indicate anything.
Tony sighs. “I—don’t really like him. This thing,” Tony waves his wrist at Bruce, “means nothing to me,” he adds.
“This doesn’t look okay, Tony. This looks one step away from dangerous,” Steve retorts, his voice clear, all Captain America-like.
Tony narrows his eyes. “But you don’t wanna live with me. I get it,” he blurts out, trying to be funny, but Steve tenses up at the phrase.
Steve looks at Tony's hands and sees his own name on Tony's skin; he smiles. No fear's gonna make him back down now, not if he knows where to look.
He looks at the piece of paper once more and then pouts. “Is it too much trouble to ask you to take me there? I—I don’t know if the bus still exists,” he says.
“Who was that, Ivan?” Nadejda asks, almost laughing. “He didn’t even take the apples,” she comments, picking up what the man left behind.
Pepper is sitting in her chair, Tony's holding her hand as Maya injects her with the antidote. "This should be totally painless, Pepper," Maya says. "So, let me know if you feel anything bad," she says, smiling shyly.
," he defends. "I meant, it's funny that, you know, Steve's best friend was called James, my best friend is called James," Tony explains.
Rhodey begins walking towards them almost as if he's being pulled by a higher force; his eyes on the blue-jacket uniform to Steve's side. Rhodey can't remember for his life any of their names, but he knows this one was important.
“Whatever— Miss Potts, got a sec?” Tony calls for Pepper, who excuses herself and goes over to him. “You know, I had this whole Stark Tower thing planned for a reason?” he whispers.
Steve just shakes his head, huffing a breath. "My body feels weird to me since the forties, Tony," he jokes.
But then he had looked at Tony, guiding an old woman into a bus and he remembered he had a promise to keep.
The roof falling on their heads after hearing everything Zola told them perfectly symbolizes how he currently feels, Steve muses as he carries Natasha's unconscious body out of the mess without getting spotted.
“I thought it went well,” Rhodey considers, far too chipper considering he almost died about two hundred times in there.
“Right decisions are often hard to make,” the man replies, tilting his head a bit as he looks down. “I also happen to know someone who knows you."
"I'm gonna show the girl to one of the guest rooms," Natasha informs them, rubbing her neck. Then she moves her head, motioning for Wanda to follow her to the elevator.
She gives a little courtesy nod. “Anyways, no, what you’re referring to is mutation. What I mean is some serious medication dependency, from hormones to insulin and sometimes even oxygen masks. The last hard case I heard of was a woman getting skin cancer because of a clandestine treatment on her mark; the German government even issued an informative letter alerting their population about this,” she says.
Both Pepper and Tony frown at him like he’s from another planet. Happy just talks to someone on a comm, complaining about some “security breach”.
Tony doesn't even address him. "Anybody remember when I carried a nuke through a wormhole?" he asks the room.
"If I had known it was gonna be a firefight, I absolutely would have called," Steve says, smiling, as they make their way up the stairs.
Bruce scoffs a laugh behind him, focused on his screen. “Guy's not wrong about Loki, he does have the jump on us,” he says.
Tony's face does a full shift, like he's recoiling from the conversation in his head and Steve wants to apologize but also know more. Because as far as he knew Howard was an American hero.
Steve just shrugs in reply. "I just don't want you to feel like you can't talk to me about it. Honestly," Steve says. "If all, you're the one who tries to soften the blow," he adds.
“Happy, we already talked about this. I’m gonna be with Air Force finest here. You can’t get any more protected,” he says.
Tony takes the helmet off just so she can see him smugly grinning and he doesn’t turn to look but Tony knows, as soon as his mask is off,
Tony does a vague gesture. "Don't take it personally, I don't remember what I had for breakfast," Tony says.
“Now we have a good guess about your little wrist situation,” Tony says, stuffing his phone in his pocket.
He stops just by the border and looks into the huge hole the cage left behind, where Thor supposedly disappeared to, vanishing with nearly all hope of them ever succeeding.
Tony closes his eyes as he does one shake of his head. "Ok but he was controlling you, you were just trapped there, there was nothing you could..." Rhodey quirks an eyebrow and Tony realizes his point. "Do," he finishes, slowly. "Oh my god, you
He finds him quickly the second time. Stands in front of him and his target and doesn't blink when the man looks back at him with shiny eyes. Like he means the world to him.
Maya's gaze bores into Pepper's, like she needs to know whether Pepper truly means what she is saying. "Thank you, Pepper," she says, her shoulders eventually relaxing. "I really appreciate that."
“Yep. It seems like I’ll be making you and your boys new toys, honeybear,” Tony comments and Rhodey breathes out a laugh.
But Tony keeps shooting darts: "Isn't that the 'Why We Fight'? So we can end the fight. So we get to go home!" Tony yells, like he's afraid of a whole other thing.
“Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself— twelve percent of the credit,” Tony says, putting his hands on Pepper’s shoulders.
It's only been a week since they saw Thor take off from Earth with his egomaniac brother when Steve has someone call him to the house phone. For someone who had been dying from expectancy and anxiety for the past five days only to consider contacting him himself, Steve was quite surprised Tony finally reached him.
Tony holds in the urge to chuckle and keeps going on his topic: "the handle's imprinted, right? Like a security code," he says. "'Whosoever is carrying Thor's fingerprints' is, I think, the literal translation," Tony considers.
“Are you sure he's gonna be okay?” Natasha asks Dr. Cho. “Pretending to need this guy really brings the team together,” she adds, smirking at Clint.
Steve holds his gaze and nods. “I didn’t really have a purpose, back then. I spent so much time being angry at everything life threw at me and I kept bottling up that anger, channeling it in unhealthy ways and…” Steve takes a deep breath. “When the war broke out, I directed it all towards — Hitler, Nazis – the bad guys. I finally felt like I had a thing to do, a purpose. A reason to be alive.”
"No, no. Pep's my friend. Like, one of the longest ones. I tried to make a move on her but she threatened to sue me— it was funny," Tony babbles, jokingly. Half-ish. Steve's eyebrows just rise. "Anyways, no. I haven't had food," he finishes.
Pepper is just looking at her hands, going less orange by the second. "You know, I think I understand why you don't wanna give up your suits. What am I going to complain about now?"
"I had to prep myself because I'm running on a wire here and I swear as soon as you touch me with those wood-lock-ripping hands of yours, I'm gonna lose it," Tony says, resting his hands on Steve's shoulders.
Until Tony pulls apart and pushes Steve down, his eyes dark with hunger again, but still soft around the edges. Tony gets into the bed, one knee to each side of Steve, and lowers himself to meet Steve's mouth again.
“Trust me, sir, I’m not ready to build up a monument for him, but other people are,” Rhodey replies back.
," Steve says and Tony looks at him for a second, then smiles, in an apology. Steve just rolls his eyes.
“It’s just the prototype,” Tony answers. “I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now. That’s what he’s getting at,” Tony adds for the Captain’s benefit.
“I only have been here about an hour and I already feel like eating my arm,” he says, in the privacy of his childhood room.
"I didn't— know—" Maya struggles to get out as she cuts his zippers with a scissor. "That he was going to hurt her," she adds and Tony stands on the ground, free.
Tony taps on his system but it's not functioning. "Reboot Legionnaire OS. We got a buggy suit," he commands.
As everyone walks out of the elevator, Tony puts his arm in front of the guy to stop him from leaving. “The notion of working with you titillates me,” he whispers. It’s almost too easy to fool him.
Bruce blinks into consciousness and looks down at his hand before the computer announces they got their location. “Got it,” Tony announces.
“They're vintage, he's very proud,” the Agent drops before they spot the doctor in gamma radiation Steve had just been reading about.
It's then that Steve lets himself break, in the intimacy of Peggy's arms in the home she made for herself in all the time he was gone.
Hell, it’s hard even for him to catch enough sleep sometimes, and he’s not out there building things to make the world better.
“Master Anthony,” Jarvis greets him with his tender eyes and slightly curved stance as he opens the door for him. Tony gives him a hug that lasts longer than usual and then lets go of him to fix the wrinkles he left on Jarvis’ suit.
“Right, the nice man. It’s— Rhodey, right?” she recalls, pointing at him, and Rhodey nods though he’s not used to the nickname anymore; it’s been a while since anyone’s called him that. “Please, come on in,” she says, opening the door for him.
"Peg," he mutters and Peggy smiles in that beautiful, young smile of hers and Steve can feel his heart flutter.
Rhodey arrives just two days later to read on a report that Nick Fury's died and HYDRA's infiltrated SHIELD all these years and they were fact of immediately disbanded as a government organization.
The sight makes his heart get caught up his throat: in the vast enormity of space, an alien ship lingers just above his head.
“It's a stabilizing agent,” Tony answers, loudly. “—I’m just saying, pick a weekend, I’ll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive,” he mutters to Agent guy, back on their topic. Agent guy excuses himself and goes over to the side.
Rhodey walks past Allen sitting on the chair as he turns on it and asks: "Ok, and once you locate him?"
"Ok, what about me? I can't go to Saudi Arabia without you and your shiny ass suit," Allen asks, whispering.
Suddenly, he hears someone crack a laugh and Tony’s pulled hard back from his trance, too caught up in the heat of his inner rage.
"What— what," Steve asks, his hands splattered across Tony's chest, trying to keep the blood in. He looks up in despair and he sees him, then.
The man starts walking away from him, suddenly leaving him feeling weirdly empty, when he blurts out: “Wait. What’s your name?”
Rhodey had fallen asleep at four a.m. looking at a picture of Barnes in Camp McCoy, young and full of life, wondering how someone with those dimples could turn into a breathing killing-machine.
“No, no, no, I'm gonna live forever,” Clint replies, tiredly. “I'm gonna be made of plastic,” he adds amused.
“Worse things have happened, I think we're gonna be fine,” he says and then tries again a couple of more times ‘til he gets some 1000 bucks after losing the triple of that.
Tony gives Rhodey a glance and then turns back to her. “So, would you advice against going through this kind of procedures?” Tony asks.
Steve stuffs his hands in his pockets. “I know,” Steve says, following after Tony. “You know, not everything has to have a double-entendre,” he adds, and remembers vividly of a time when he thought ‘fondue’ meant an entirely different thing than just a Swiss meal.
Clint just shrugs and takes a bite of his carrot. "You guys are off, right? Or is that just a thing I'm picking up wrong?" he asks, curious.
He puts the carbon in front of Yinsen’s face, and the man starts to yell something with the Jericho missile in it, repeatedly.
But then Tony takes a step closer to him and Steve's starting to feel towered and in his mind, he's going back to ages ago, when his body was different and no one would even think of touching him.
Steve swallows and holds his breath; he's thought about this a million times in a million ways but none of that prepared him for the goddamned Hydra of feelings he's having.
He thinks about the fact that now he can’t stop remembering Coulson’s name Phil, can’t stop thinking how he planned for him to go with his girlfriend as soon as all this was over.
It made Rhodey really aware all of the sudden. He looks at his wrist out of impulse and thinks of blue eyes and stubble in a fresh Bulgarian weather.
Tony nods. "Yeah, with the arc reactor. I couldn't find the right element for it so he left me a note, cyphered, so I could remake a new one," Tony shares.
He doesn't know what he sees, but he feels them. He feels them in his heart, in his head, in his entire body.
Rhodey shakes his head and takes his hand out of his pocket. "Let's—" Rhodey trails off as he moves his hand to push on the button on the standee, so it begins the exposition.
“No, fuck me. We’re not having our first time in this dirty couch, no. I’m sure Clint keeps an old pizza slice somewhere underneath the cushions. Just, no,” Tony says and he gets up.
“Sir,” Steve calls Nick, who was facing the screens on his spot, at the center of the room. “I was wondering what my mission is?”
"I almost started to fear you got abducted," Steve comments when he sees Tony come back, wearing a dark-blue robe, lube and condoms in his hands.
He rolls over on the floor, pushing up on one arm, and notices Maya's unconscious body lying among the rubbish. He hears a warning rumble of shifting concrete, but even before he can throw his arms over his head, Pepper is there, shielding him from the collapsing roof.
Tony thinks just right before remembering this young, promising geneticist he met at a science convention in South Korea last year.
“She’s on the main floor,” Jarvis says before the elevator springs open, showing multiple men in jumpsuits and tight and dirty white shirts and ok, pornos made this look
He takes a deep breath in the quietness of a phone booth in Rose Hill, Tennessee. "Hey, guys, it's me," Tony speaks, in the hopes that anybody with enough access can get the message. "I've got a lot of apologies to make and not a lot of time. So first off, Pep," he addresses her with a sigh. "I'm so sorry I put you in harm's way. That was selfish and stupid and it won't happen again. Also, it's Christmas time, the rabbit's too big. Done. Sorry. Rhodey," he takes another breath. "I don't know where you are right now but I know you're pissed at me for doing exactly what you told me not to. I deserve your anger. I will gladly flagellate myself for you once I make it out of here," he says, trying to joke but his voice falls quiet, flat. "Please, tell Steve I'm fine – although I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian. And also, I'm sorry in advance because...I can't come home yet. I need to find this guy. And you guys gotta stay safe. That's all I know— yeah," he finishes, swallowing.
Tony turns with a hand on his chest. "You're saying you don't like my smooches, Rhodes? Whatever, more for Steve," Tony says, being as corny as he can, giving Rhodey a kiss on the cheek.
again who helped me beta half of this even though they had their hands a little full. You're still a sweetheart :3
Tony licks his lips. "You see, that's the thing. I was talking to Maya about it —and you know she's an expert in DNA— and the theory was, basically, that since Extremis re-codes your DNA to become super-human, then that's why it affects your mark," Tony says but Rhodey just frowns. "Soulmate marks are an only-human condition," Tony reminds him, with raised eyebrows.
The thin, perfectly structured lines meeting high in the sky soothe him; the imposing 'A' on top makes his heart warm.
"I'm sorry, I was asleep," the suit interrupts, and Tony's had this nightmare a hundred times, years ago. "Or I was a-dream," the suit adds.
Sam is looking ahead, too. His eyes wandering around the room before he chuckles softly. "Well, listen, I wouldn't know what to advise you with in these— soulmate affairs," he explains and rolls up his jacket to show Steve his mark.
"You know I have a spare room, you don't have to actually leave," Steve says this time, as he holds the door open for Tony.
Pierce looks back at him but his eyes convey nothing. “You met him earlier this week on another assignment,” Pierce explains but it’s not that simple.
Tony turns his head to rest his cheek against Steve's shoulder and looks in front of them on the bed, to the shelf in front of it.
The Captain’s stare falls quickly when Tony fails to look back. Tony feels the Captain’s eyes leave his face and walk ahead instead, no other word said.
“Dude, I’ll take a nice ass tan before being in my house one more minute any day,” he tells Jimmy before taking one of the bottles from him and clicking it with the one Jimmy was holding. Jimmy pretends he doesn’t see the faint bruise on Mickey’s cheekbone and instead sips on his beer. He’s learned not everybody has a nice household.
“It’s been only three years since the last thing I remember doing was putting the Cube underwater along with myself,” Steve says, low. “Tony, I woke up to think I had lost everything,” he adds, his face down.
“I have no choice,” Thor says, resuming their walk out of the compound. “The Mind Stone is the fourth of the Infinity Stones to show up in the last few years. That's not a coincidence. Someone has been playing an intricate game and has made pawns of us. But once all these pieces are in position—”
“If he can wield the hammer, he can keep the Mind Stone,” Thor concludes. “It's safe with the Vision and these days, safe is in short supply,” he adds, in a more sober tone.
"Not with what's up there, Steve," Tony replies fast, smiling bitterly at him. "Arms dealers, corrupt governments— even the occasional petty thief? That's all good. We can excel that. Piece of cake, but what's out there?"
"It's about time I see you again, don't you think?" Peggy adds once Steve falls silent after she extends her offer for him to come over to her house in England.
As he flies above the noisy and convoluted New York there's only a thought in his head: "Now, where are you, Barnes?"
Tony shrugged again. “Yeah, I mean, we were just— hosting you while I finished up a little work,” he explains.
“We got a hit. Sixty seven percent match,” another agent interrupts Coulson’s story. “Wait, cross match, seventy nine percent,” he adds, after taking another look at his computer.
Pepper, however, is reaching for Maya's hand. "Maya," she says. "You've worked on it your whole life," Pepper adds.
Then his phone rings and he gets a message from Natasha, who's been with him almost every day since he joined.
"Alright, just tell me this, I need to know," Tony says, his palm open at him. "Did you sleep with him?"
“Your father decided to take your mother on a holiday trip. They should be leaving tomorrow afternoon,” Jarvis explains, trying not to let his voice sound sad for Tony’s benefit.
"In the meantime, I was thinking you could use all that energy and chop up some wood," Clint says and he puts an ax that Tony doesn't even know where he was hiding it and puts it on his lap.
"Listen, Rhodes," General Yu calls his attention again. "Just, dig up a little intel on him and bring him in. We just wanna ask him some questions and then we'll proceed accordingly," he says.
Tony blinks at him and nods. He knows Jarvis loves him, more than Howard ever did, but that’s not a bar too high to pass.
“I always miss you when I’m left alone with Tony. You’re my back up,” he jokes, comically raising his eyebrows and Pepper lets out a light chuckle. “Where is he today anyway?” Rhodey asks then. Taking another sip of his coffee, the headache smoothly beginning to wear off.
“Doctor Erskine helped me in more ways than I could ever thank him for,” Steve concludes, a broken smile on his face.
He hears someone let out a soft laugh behind his back and turns to find Steve standing there, looking at the floor.
“No, I mean, I’ve caught up on the world and I’m sure you have your perfectly justified reasons to hate our government but I’m just saying,” Steve shrugs. “Rhodes seems like a good man and like he knows what he’s doing, otherwise he wouldn’t be in the position he is.”
They spend the rest of the morning doing a tiny tour around the facility, where Tony shows him some of the stuff they’re working on and the mentioned Butterfingers bot, after he takes a look at his drunken creation in college that Tony baptized as U.
Maya has been staring out the passenger window, but she lets out a deep breath and gives Pepper a resigned smile. "I think that my boss is working for the Mandarin," she says. "So, if you still want to talk about it, I suggest that we get ourselves someplace safe," Maya adds, looking over her shoulder at the cars behind them on the highway.
“Everybody thinks I’m friends with you for your money, I’m not so eager to prove them right,” Rhodey says.
He looks up at Steve and is about to talk when JARVIS interrupts him. “Sir, incoming call from Ms. Potts,” he informs and Tony waves him to put her through.
Steve turns to grin at him and it makes Tony’s insides boil with warmth. Tony returns the smile because he can’t help it and Steve turns towards him.
"I thought I knew whose lies I was telling, but I guess I can't tell the difference anymore," Natasha adds, her voice sounding fragile and hoarse.
," Tony says, after shaking his head a little. "Wasn't a nightmare, it was my legacy," he adds, with a hand on his chest. "The end of the path I started us on."
He isn’t sure at which point ‘Rhodey’ began to mean him and he isn’t sure how either. The Stark kid operates in mysterious ways and he’s not about to start trying to understand what goes through that mountain of genius and hair gel.
"I have a license to shoot in 32 countries," Rhodey shares, putting the gun in the back of his pants and then hiding it behind his shirt and jacket.
"Uh-huh, on my left. Got it," the stranger mutters back and it makes Steve chuckle. He takes another full lap and as he's coming close to the stranger again, the guy feels him come over. "Don't say it. Don't you say it," he says, pressing on his run a little.
Yu shifts on his spot and turns his laptop screen for Rhodey to see. "Well, the ghost story just got pretty real," he says.
It’s been just hours since he’d been woken up and he’s already running through mountains, driving at top speed in a motorcycle that lets him know enough it’s been years since he was last alive.
But Tony dismisses him and draws another soft kiss from him again, letting his forearms rest on Steve's shoulders.
Steve looks at him and clicks his tongue. "He didn't love me. He loved Captain America, it's different," he explains. Tony turns back to him with a frown on his face. "Cap is the best side of me—  if only a little over-glorified sometimes. But I'm not always that guy, Tony," he adds.
He steps out of the kitchen slowly, his mind rushing with different thoughts, until he sees a black device on top of the table. He walks to stand in front of it carefully, and it’s then that he sees a tiny paper on it with the message: “Use it to catch up – N. Fury”.
Rhodey looks at the tree-filled road ahead and swallows. “If it comes to that, I’ll deal with him myself,” he says, but he feels dread at the whole idea and he doesn’t want to start thinking why.
He knows it’s the wrong question the next second because somebody’s at the door, speaking in a language he can’t understand, and the man changes completely from his otherwise calmed stance.
Hope you guys like it and remember: we're in it for the long run with this one. Please, enjoy the ride.
the moment,” Tony says before landing on the balcony of the tower and starting to have his armor removed.
"I don't understand—" Dr. Cho lets out from where she stands. They all turn to her. "You built this program. Why is it trying to kill us?" she asks Tony point-blank.
He believes he used to make fun of it. 'You're keeping the outfit, right?' he hears in the back of his head and he tastes bourbon on his tongue.
Steve narrows his eyes. “I don’t think that’d be her angle. It’d be more along the lines of you shooting yourself to certain death.”
He's about to turn to the left when a black truck, with dark windows, stops in front of him, making him press the breaks so hard they make a noise.
He throws himself at Jarvis like he’s seven, trapping him with his arms in a hug as tears roll down his cheeks. “Please, don’t leave me,” Tony mutters at his clean, freshly iron vest. “I know I’m terrible and I don’t deserve you but please, Ed, I’ll be better, I’ll behave, I promise,” he starts begging, before he can stop himself.
The Helicarrier finishes collapsing on them and next thing he knows, Steve is falling into the water, unconscious.
“He knows I own the building, right?” Tony mutters to Pepper and she chuckles as she shakes her head at Happy’s ridiculousness.
When they sit, Steve hands Tony his coffee and looks out the window. Tony sips his drink and lets caffeine do its wonders to his sleep-deprived body.
"People are going to die, Buck," he tells him, with a heavy voice. "Please don't make me do this," he adds.
“I told you last night, you’re welcome to come with us,” Howards says but Tony wrinkles his nose at him.
Tony blinks. “Ok, let me get this straight, you’re upset ‘cause I didn't die?” he asks, trying to be funny.
Tony draws his chin up, puts his hands on Steve's neck and lowers him enough so they can meet half-way. This one lasts a little bit longer, but it's still fairly soft, just Tony's lips slightly nibbling Steve's pouty lower lip, Tony taking in all that soft bergamot orange and rosewood smell of Steve's aftershave.
Barnes is buying fruit. His hair is loose and he's wearing a jean and a long-sleeved green shirt. Rhodey ignores the way his wrist itches every time he looks at him. It's just weird.
“You don’t wanna hurt people, James,” the man says at last and his chest feels like he’s been stepped on and crushed out of air.
“That is…surprisingly not infected,” the doctor says. “We need to run several tests, Mister Stark,” he says.
“Just…search for him. Really look. Tony loves hiding himself out of reach,” Peggy instructs. “But, it’s a good thing you love a challenge,” she adds, quirking an eyebrow.
Tony tries not to roll his eyes at the sense Bruce makes. “Well—I don’t need to know him, alright?” he says, shaking his head a little.
Apparently, he had a lung condition he never spoke about and one day he got the flu and he couldn't recover. Went to bed and he was gone in the morning.
Agent guy doesn’t address his question, only looks like he’s fighting himself not to roll his eyes at Tony. Guess everybody’s on edge lately.
Rhodey takes a few steps towards his subordinate and sighs. “Listen, let’s do this: I’ll pay him a visit and we’ll see for ourselves if he’s a threat or not. If I see him as anything more than some scared cat in hiding, I’ll bring him in. Deal?”
Hulk had taken off in a quinjet after the battle was over and they hadn’t heard from him. They all thought it was weird, but Tony said something like “maybe the guy needed a few days to himself in the wild. Let’s give him time”.
“What the hell?” he whispers, his eyes wide open. “What just happened?” Tony asks, his eyes moving from Thor to Steve. “Please tell me nobody kissed me?” he adds and Steve actually cracks a laugh; an all warm, breathy, fuzzy laugh because they all almost just died –specially Tony—and there he was, cracking funny lines like nothing.
If they were doing this, it would be in Steve’s bed. In Steve’s space. So that from this moment on, everything in his world would remind him of Tony.
what I did. I merely pointed out you have a really poor choice of places to travel,” Tony tells his father, shrugging.
Hydra wasn't dead. It was more alive and in power than ever and Steve would feel like crying for three days straight if it wasn't for the fact that he was pissed and ready to punch people.
Pepper sighs. “I know, I know. I just, I can’t help but worry. But I need to focus on this. I mean— this is my wedding. I’m only planning to do this once, you know?” she says.
Steve watches her go with a mute expression and once she's out of ear range, Tony clear his throat, his arm laid over the back of his chair, all casual.
“Security breach,” Tony mutters, his hand on his head as he’s coming back from the bump. When Tony draws his eyes up, he sees the strange turning. “—Steve,” he blurts.
“Steve?” Tony calls for him, his lips look absolutely swollen and Steve’s brain short-circuits again.
“You mean the near end of the world? ‘Cause that’s what it looks like out there,” Rhodey jokes back, pointing with his thumb over his shoulder.
"I'm sorry," Pepper says, as she makes her way down the stairs. "With everything that's happening, I didn't know we were expecting guests," she adds, her voice polite, formal.
He gets in the T-1 Jayhawk ignoring the sheer happiness on his gut that’s making him want to throw up right there on the track. He follows all his guidelines with razor-sharp memory, like he’s getting into his old man’s Chevy truck and the next moment is it.
"Yeah, just a migraine," Maya replies. She smiles politely but it just makes her look scared and confused.
“Mister Stark,” Rhodey turns to see the robot walking towards them. “The team wishes to know when dinner is starting,” he asks.
The doors open at the same time and Rhodey stops on his way, his hand on his hip in case he needs to pull out his gun.
“What he's got is an Acme dynamite kit. It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does,” Tony says.
Steve rises to rest his chin on Tony's chest and goes, low and a little embarrassed: "I don't have lube here."
Tony's about to be done with his last burger when Steve notices he's been staring at his work. Steve draws his eyes up and smiles as Tony almost flinches nervously, cleaning his mouth with a napkin.
The bullet flies through the wall in a swift, nearly soundless motion, and it pierces through the flesh in a blink. He sees the Alpha level target fall to the ground just as quick, the second try did the charm.
"So, here's to us, and I think I speak for the world when I say, thank you, Avengers," he adds at last, and they all click their glasses together. "Now, let's eat before Clint faints or something."
"I'm gonna need you to stay put here for a while longer, is that alright?" Pierce asks him, his eyebrows quirked funnily.
“But not the screams of the dead, of course,” Thor tries to save, once he notices Bruce quietly losing it again. “No, no, wounded screams,” he keeps going. “Mainly whimpering, a great deal of complaining and tales of sprained deltoids and—uh, gout,” he finishes.
“Good evening,” comes a robotic voice from the…ceiling— or is it the walls? Rhodey stands still with his hands and legs tensed up, ready for an explosion to go off behind his back.
"Bucky used to say that to me all the time," it's what he says. Tony fights the urge to straight-up frown at him.
He closes his fist and it sends an electric shot to the doctor working on him. He doesn't even turn to apologize.
“She'll take both. One to throw away and one to— not call,” Tony says and ignores Maya’s offer of one of the cards.
He tries to shoot again but they shoot first, and he uses the fire and smoke to vanish and gather his thoughts.
Tony turns from his spot and then back to the blender. “Nah. JARVIS thinks he’s playing with a Rubik’s Cube,” he says, then smiles at Steve.
He lands on the roof of the car almost soundlessly and breaks the glass to grab Sitwell to throw him outside, sending him flying right into traffic.
“I know you did, love,” Peggy says. “And so did I. But you know what’s amazing, Steve? That we’re both here right now. I really would’ve hated to miss seeing this face again,” Peggy adds, rolling her hand across his face.
“It's powered by an arc reactor, a self-sustaining energy source,” Banner explains to the Captain. “That building will run itself for what, a year?” he asks Tony.
The day shines brighter than he's ever remembered. Not that he remembers much, other than dull greyness and blood.
“You don’t know,” Tony says, looking at the floor. Now the confusion in their eyes is growing bigger. “Pep, you remember the fund for the Arctic Research Team?” Tony asks the CEO of his company.
"He's been in everything. Files, surveillance," Natasha mentions. "Probably knows more about us than we know about each other."
“Last year, Earth had a visitor from another planet, who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, out gunned,” Fury explains.
Maya just lets out a chuckle. "That figures. What I actually am is a biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of a privately-funded think tank, but sure, you can call me a botanist," she says, with wry humor.
“I’m just telling you, I’m willing to listen if you’re willing to talk. I’m not saying you have to,” Tony says, sighing.
"I just— I'm angry. I've been angry since last year and all I keep seeing is red whenever something doesn't go the way I want it to. The way I think it should," Steve keeps going, just looking at his hands. "And I know it feels like it's you who pisses me off— but it's not, okay? It's me, I'm the problem," he adds, this time turning to look at him.
Nick draws the corner of his mouth up and then moves his head, motioning for him to go into the car.
“Yes, sir,” JARVIS says as Tony stands from his chair. “Approach vector is locked,” Tony can hear JARVIS inform as he makes his way towards Thor and Cap, staring at the Scepter.
They work just fine together; Tony’s surprised just how easily they do – other than Rhodey, he’s not the type of guy who works well with other people.
Steve turns back at Tony and they exchange a look. They’re not ready to carry on with whatever was happening.
He dries his hands and throws the towel. And hopes to God Tony will understand why he needed to act fast on this.
They don’t talk, but Tony makes sure to leave her a late-Christmas present on his little nametag sticker. Maybe a little something to help with her much visionary project.
With flashes and more questions, the faceplate closes again and Rhodey moves back to stand beside the President.
Rhodey shrugs helplessly. “I don’t really know what you hope to get from me here, Tony. And I really gotta go—”
“Hold on. Come on, Pep,” Tony calls but Pepper takes a step higher on the stairs. “Hey, I admit it! My fault! Sorry,” he yells and Pepper stops on her tracks.
“That's why I said I— got it,” Tony says, sighing. He looks down and puts a hand on his forehead, starting to sweat.
Steve hasn't stopped to think about the soul-crushing irony of him ending up working for Hydra in this uncertain and overwhelming future.
into the whole thing, which meant, pretty likely, that if Tony went anywhere near the action chances of running into
“Yeah, I’d rather just chop my arm off,” Tony says again, turning on her only to be stopped by Rhodey.
"I'm just happy I'm back. I really could use a few days off. Or a week," Rhodey says, putting his hands together on his lap and leaning back on his chair.
"Well," Steve says, taking a breath. "Things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better. We used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot, trying to catch up," he explains.
Pepper just stares at her, resting her cheek on one hand as she listens, and feels like she can already love Maya.
The program had a significant pause during 1986, before it was resumed again in 1991, for top-secret missions.
Rhodey chuckles a breath and rubs the back of his head. “It’s been great. I did it, Tones,” he says, his heart feeling huge with the memory. Tony doesn’t need to know he lost his mark for some godforsaken reason; he only needs the good stuff. “I was up there, in the sky.”
He rubs a thumb through the thin lines of his flesh arm and licks his lips. James was him, but it wasn't. Not really.
“Tony,” Pepper says, her voice sounds off. “Turn on the TV. There’s been an accident,” she says and Tony moves to do so as told.
Rhodey wakes up panting, breathless. His heart's racing, vibrating inside his ribcage. He sits up and puts a hand on his chest, trying to ground himself. Steady himself back to normal.
The chamber is different, bigger. They remove the mouth-piece from his face and all he does is eye them. There are at least fifteen people in the room, but only one isn't looking at him with fear in his eyes.
“If you did, you would have already,” the man adds, his eyes conveying an emotion he can’t quite understand. “You would’ve done something eight months ago. You would’ve done something in Juarez, in Bonaire, in Tuscany or Monza or Montegiardino, in Sombor, Szolnok, or any other of the ten places you went hiding to,” he says.
Tony smiles a fake smile and a second later, he’s back to being worried and confused. “No, Rhodey, you don’t get it. I—don’t, I don’t don’t like him anymore,” he explains. Rhodey’s mouth opens just slightly and his eyes grow wide.
“You know, coffee has sorta the same effect as alcohol—it doesn’t really do much to me but I love the smell,” Steve says, handing Tony his mug. “It reminds me of my mother. She was always running on the coffee she got at work, so she’d always smell like it.”
It’s not the best part of the job but it makes him feel like he’s closer to doing actual change than most people. It also makes the fact that he has no soul-mate feel less of a burden; if he has no one to go back home to, no one to get hurt if he dies out there, and it makes it easier.
They stand in silence for longer than Tony can take, just staring at each other, expressionless and yet they're saying a million things.
He was dressed up exactly like the last time they saw each other, in that colorful costume that he vaguely remembered now.
He was supposed to be JARVIS but better. And now Tony's come to realize there might not be something actually better than JARVIS.
Tony pushes the Captain's hand off him now, the aching rage back in his head. “You’re gonna stop me?” Tony goes, taking a step closer to him.
He sends the punching bag flying across the room and lets out a deep breath, it’s the fourth one this week. He moves around and grabs another bag, puts it up just as he hears someone come in.
Tony pulls Steve closer by his hands, startling him a little, and steps on his tiptoes to give Steve a chaste kiss.
Tony's name on his wrist was the one thing he kept going back to when everything else was deceitful and confusing.
Major Allen is sipping on a coffee in front of him. "It's some pretty crazy shit, isn't it?" he asks.
“Well, that is exactly the plan,” he agrees. “And, Helen, I expect to see you at the party on Saturday,” he says, quirking an eyebrow.
Tony rubs his empty wrist and Yinsen doesn’t miss the movement; the man has probably already seen Tony doesn’t have a soulmate mark when he was unconscious after he saved his life.
“You must be Mister Rhodes,” the old man greets in a British accent, offering his hand for Rhodey to shake.
“No!” Tony shouts as he jumps upright from the couch, his hand clenched to his chest, right on top of the arc reactor.
"Just give it to him, I— I don't like being handed things," Tony says with a polite smile to the Churro guy.
“Can you tell Tony to get over there? I wanna show you two something,” she asks, loud enough for Tony to hear on his own.
Suddenly, Thor comes in, in big leaps and pushes Tony against the wall. His hand splat and pressing against his collarbone.
Tony nods and then looks at the boy standing next to him. “I loved you in A Christmas Story, by the way,” he tells the smaller kid.
Tony blinks with a single nod and Steve lets his head fall and he pulls Tony towards him, dropping a soft, big kiss on top of his scar, between his pecks.
“Harold—and I’m also Mr. Stark’s bodyguard,” Happy says, taking a few steps closer with his hand out.
