Sherlock deftly twists his hand around John’s cock, listening to him become increasingly desperate for release. When he rubs his fingers over the head of John’s prick, the moan is exquisite enough to compel him into action.
"The restraints are there to keep you from touching yourself," Sherlock says, half to himself since John is lost in his body, "you may not be able to come for a little while yet, but that won't stop your instinctual response." Sherlock's finger slips into the tight ring of muscle, and the cool slickness informs John that Sherlock had time to lube his fingers. When did that happen?
John tensely nodded. His eyes strayed back to the traitorous door. In that moment he prayed for a hellish scream, a thundering bang, or even a soft scutter to validate him. Everything remained silent.
John felt his heart ache. “Neither should you.”
"Well if you had a better phrasing for the directive, I would like to hear it," Sherlock grumbles, and John releases another peal of laughter. Sherlock growls, and bites down hard on the opposite shoulder of Jim's love mark.
Lestrade shook his head, “It…wasn’t an inconvenience to us Mr. Holmes. Terribly sorry to have troubled you.” He looked at John with deep commiseration. John’s heart shriveled at the sight of it.
"There's a body," Sherlock breathed.
Fear and anger wrack John's body, and Sherlock delights in the sudden stiffness. Sherlock nibbles the top of his spine while playing with his nipple. In Sherlock's findings, with situations like this, the baser instincts always win against the moral protestations. The mind has to respond to
“Probably, he said that you were burning your candle at both ends. I figured he wasn’t implying you were a pyromaniac. So, uh, was Trevor your first,” he struggled to come up with a word, “you know, first?”
John blinked, he hadn’t even known Molly owned a cat.  “Oh, well, that’s a shame.”
But to know that he’s not being kept as a novelty, but rather as a singular human point of fixation, feels an awful lot like gravity has suddenly decided to flip.
Sherlock huffed derisively at that, “If it wasn’t the thick fools that take violent exception to being called as such, it’d be the mind-numbing monotony that would’ve spoiled this town’s ‘oh so delightful’ prospects.”
"Piss off." John ground out, eyes still stubbornly closed.
The whistle of the crop precedes a stinging bite on the inside of his thigh. It dashes to the other side, across his hips, his taut stomach, before striking across the patch of skin where his groin met his leg. The sharp bites spread their small infernos across his skin, compiling to the steady burn of his chest.
There are noises spilling from John’s throat. Nonsense babblings and guttural half-formed gargles. He doesn’t know how mere sheets and a shaking grip are keeping him from flying off of this mattress.
The Voice was getting louder now.
“Good morning,” Sherlock addressed no one in particular.
John saw no reason to deny it, but also felt too weary in mind and heart to verbally respond. He nodded, and the brush of his skin against silk brought back the sound of flaking skin against earth. It was a great effort not to shiver.
John can feel something in his heart being pulled free, to sit raw and naked in unforgiving light. There’s an obstruction in his windpipe and something hot is falling from his eyes.
Sherlock chuckled, moving away to stop the recording, though it cost him valuable sensations of comfort and warmth.
The next blow lands across his straining ribcage. Sherlock continues whacking John with the crop in rapid strikes. The slaps echo like gunshots. John has no respite until his chest feels raw. While his sternum blazes, Sherlock trails the crop down to his groin.
“I—next part?” John helplessly asked.
"My my. This is certainly better than I anticipated." The hand moves from John's hair to dance over his face. John feels the touch like trickles of water, and he belatedly realizes that he's soaking his shirt with sweat. Sherlock rubs his thumb over John's brow, gathering some of the moisture. He traces the same digit over John's lips, and he opens his mouth without a second hint.
Sherlock twisted the thing around. John could feel it rotate and reach undiscovered places. A knob brushed against his spot. John’s ankle kicked out as electricity fissured through his body.
The heat emanating from the dragon’s chest abated. He looked deeply perplexed. It was an odd expression on a dragon.
It is just as Lestrade described it, the body was ripped open from the stomach. Something very large had punctured through the vulnerable belly, and then lifted
“Selfishness? Yes, I suppose it could be termed as such. I would call it a desperate plea for survival.”
John can't see the proud smile Sherlock gives him. His free hand smooths over the delicate skin, slightly stretching it over the bone. John clenches tighter onto the headboard, and closes his eyes. He can feel the heat of the metal tip hovering over his skin. John thinks of Harry, and braces himself.
“The ‘why’ part of that statement escapes me,” Sherlock said, but he quieted down.
try to leave again.”
The way he says it makes another realization light off in John's head. Oh God, what would have happened if he'd hurt the man but didn't kill him? Would Sherlock have gotten angry, even if it was an accident? What would Sherlock getting angry at him look like? John feels like he's going to throw up. Then it becomes a very violent possibility.
John awoke with a gasp. Cold sweat made the sheets cling to his back as he sat up. He blinked rapidly to bring his room into focus. A fire blazed on the other side, which casted everything into flickering shadows that did nothing to soothe his nerves. Sherlock was gone from the bed, and the curtains held back the faint glow of predawn. Slowly, John’s breathing evened out until he could no longer hear his heart beating in his head.
John saw the outline of one of the ladders, and made his way quickly down. Dread hollowed his chest when he didn’t hear or see Sherlock running along the ground. It could’ve been Sherlock who had jumped for him as a distraction, or he had meant for John to piece together some elaborate scheme and it all failed because John didn’t understand in time.
Still doesn't stop him from crying out when bare skin meets rough asphalt. He rolls from his momentum, bones practically crashing together. His skin gets torn in patches, and when he hobbles up, there's blood on his chest and pants. There's a sudden bout of dizziness that screams
inside of that box.
“To heal your wound, regain the strength and skin you lost from your…expedition outside, and to prolong your life.”
Yet he never spurned John’s company. When John pushed for the motive behind their frequent meetings Sherlock evasively answered that John was more interesting than counting his horde.
“You handled that very well for your age,” Sherlock teased.
“Alright, pipe down you two,” she teased, “some of us are still trying to watch.”
John keens, shaking. The sharp twist flows from his chest to flutter in his belly, curling his toes. Sherlock repeats the movement in a different direction, and John is rapidly forgetting where he is. His hips cant up, his erection seeking stimulation. But Sherlock is positioned just so that all he thrusts into is air. When he slams back down in frustration, it jostles the toy that he completely forgot about. John chokes, his eyes shooting open. His fists clench underneath him from the shock to his body. When he's able to focus again, Sherlock is chuckling darkly in front of his face.
Perhaps it was because she was as fanciful as he was, or she had been hiding her disbelief rather masterfully. Either way, John resolved to put the matter behind him. If he had episodes of grief or loneliness, he would henceforth seek to assuage it with his husband or friend. He did not have to bear such trials alone anymore.
“Just so we can have a nice dinner,” John finished. Just like that, the strange moment was broken. Time set itself to a normal pace, and the din of conversation became insignificant noise in the background. The atmosphere became an obvious emotional ploy to justify expensive dinners. That was all this was, a dinner.
John has something like a pointless sympathetic statement on his tongue before the ex-sniper asks, "Are you right or left handed?"
At night, (or what he guesses is night, there are no windows), Sherlock cards his fingers through John's hair while he falls to sleep beside him. So far, neither of them have initiated any kind of sexual touch since John's first night out of the box. The monstrosity has been moved out of sight, thank God. The space seems to help with his recuperation more than anything. Now that it's not in his immediate vision, John can file it away, store it in a tight little box labeled "Hell: My 36 Hours". It goes right next to the slighter larger box called "Afghanistan".
The woman sluggishly turns to the man gripping her shoulder and slurs "Johnny!" while tripping into his hold. She wraps her arms around him, bringing him a little off balance. She's not much taller than the stranger, but just enough that he has to step back a little bit to accommodate her leg span. A close friend or sibling then, if he's willing to drag her well inebriated arse out of a pub at close to two in the morning.
Without a word, Sherlock leaves the cell. John blinks, still prone on the couch. For a startled second, John has a massive urge to say goodbye. Thankfully, he's too stunned to speak. As the door clicks closed behind the man, John can suddenly feel all of the air returning in his room.
who thought dismantling an anti-magic extremist group was merely a good way to kill a Sunday. What a fucking marvelous plan, to split up their power and incapacitate them on two fronts.
Sherlock’s smile doesn’t grow, but there is a tension that’s smoothed out from his shoulders. He pulls John closer, maneuvering his hands so that one rests on Sherlock’s shoulder while Sherlock holds the other. Sherlock’s free hand rests atop the curve of John’s hip.
John reaches up behind Sherlock's head, gripping the back of his skull. Sherlock tenses, thinking he's grossly miscalculated and John is about to try and snap his neck. But instead the soldier surges up while pulling down, squeezes his eyes shut, and their lips smash together with clicks of teeth.
Every forward step he took towards the secluded section seemed to reverberate into his skull. He kept his pace steady, and his eyes forward, but inside he raged in disbelief. His mind played over last night’s events, the scuffle, the blood drawn, and the primal instinct to get away when something viewed you as prey. Not a single thing in the room told him those events had truly occurred. He wondered if he’d been asleep closer to a week than a mere few hours.
The searing pain across his right wing is definitely new.
John took a deep breath, and pushed down the hot lump in his throat. When he blinked, and his vision became slightly clearer, he saw Sherlock’s walls come down. One moment, Sherlock was tense enough to snap, the next, he smoothed out like a potter reshaping clay. When Sherlock’s back was a little straighter, John began to doubt if he’d made the right decision.
“Right…well…welcome to the neighborhood,” and John immediately felt like a blithering idiot. Who says that as a proper form of greeting or welcome or whatever he’s trying to-
John doesn't know how long it takes to piece himself back together.
“I would kiss the reason if it were in front of me,” she had told him, having woken up with him for a quick breakfast.  “Seriously, it’s great to see you like this again John. Have you been going to physical therapy without telling me?”
It's also a tremendous trigger to send him into a flashback.
John’s eyes narrowed briefly in confusion, but the comprehension when he glanced towards Sherlock’s line of sight made him blanch.
Instead, it was another marriage certificate to ‘Sherlock W. Holmes’ and ‘Helen S. Stoner’. That one was ten years old. John heard the paper shake in his grip and willed his hands to still. Snores continued to drift from the bed, so he read on.
sure he hasn’t gone stark raving mad since his ride in the car.
“A cordoned section, for very good reason,” Sherlock explained, “Jim and I have been working on a new strain of poisonous plants as a side experiment. We hope that it will revolutionize the process of breeding genetic characteristics into a much more potent substance.”
Sherlock slides back into John, and John feels as though all of the air has been sweetly pulled from his lungs. Sherlock begins with a slow rhythm, smiling down at John’s helpless attempts to try and find some leverage. John drops back down and gives up at trying to dictate the speed when Sherlock holds onto his hips.
They go out into the street and the blast of cool air is a shock to him. It goes away when Sherlock practically shoves him into the backseat of the cab that he's materialized out of thin air. "Baker Street," Sherlock growls to the driver. Apparently they don't need an address. The cabbie moves onto the road and John is left in tense and angry silence. With a few measured breaths John weighs his next few options.
John clenches the pillow, burrowing his head and muffling his screams into the soft stuffing. Sherlock growls above him at the sound, snapping his hips in a harsher rhythm.
Even though it really should be. God knows John wouldn’t be able to get far, and any person he came across would be blown to bits in the crossfire.
His hand shot forward and caught John’s wrist in a vice grip.
He rubbed his stiff erection against John’s arse to demonstrate, “To know that this face, this flushed and greedy face of yours, is only something that I can see? That I’m the only one who knows just how much of a little slut you are?”
When John was finished, he walked into the room to find a card game set up, along with a pot of tea. Sherlock looked up from pouring John a cup, “Since I missed the last card game, Jim thought engaging in a match would be an appropriate beginning to mending our partnership.”
John sharply inhales. Right. Okay. He, well, it's fucking insane to say, but he expected that. Time for Plan Stupid.
It would have to be somewhere high, somewhere regular humans didn't normally access. A place to survey all of London and to get from one district to the next in relative ease. Central London would be the best place, but that was densely populated, even at night. There was no way something could-
The only break from the monotony had been the delivery of his lunch (sandwich and crisps) and dinner (soup). Both times the door had only been opened long enough for the food to be slipped through. John had gotten a glimpse of the hallway outside, and had not been shocked to see the outline of a man standing passive with a very large gun. Some other guard had put the food on the floor. So, two guards, who probably changed shifts, more than likely armed to the teeth. His avenues of escape were looking very bleak indeed.
He leaves the door open when he goes outside, carrying the bundle in his arms. There's a side alley right beside his flat. Narrow and dirty, but hopefully large enough to accommodate the gargoyle.
“Then what do you mean,” John snapped, pretending he hadn’t been about to hyperventilate.
John howls.
“You can imagine it,” Sherlock snapped. His long fingers cupped John’s jaw, gently prying his mouth open even though the tendons were as lax as everywhere else. He slowly slid his length inside John’s mouth, squeezing his jaw to avoid any accidental brush of teeth. He leaned over to grip the headboard, which allowed for better leverage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock either hadn’t noticed or was ignoring John’s attempts to free himself. When enough rock had been furrowed from the surface, he picked up his end of the chain.
Sherlock smiled softly at him. “Disagreements about that aside, it was the ghastly argument from yesterday that he had some suggestions for.”
“I should think that is rather obvious.”
"I'll be right back," John continues, and reaches up for his own quick peck, "just have to use the loo. Tell me all you can about the rugby blokes that just walked in when I get back, yeah?" He turns before he can see the reaction. He hopes Sherlock passes the sweat off on his brow for the stifling heat of the crowd. He enters the bathroom, and it's blessedly empty. Just outside, he can hear the dim roar of people as they cheer or boo at a game. The off-white tiling nearly sends him spinning with flashbacks of his old cell. How white had been the only color he had seen for days. How even though the room was ten times the size of this bathroom, it still felt so small. The waves of anxiety roll his stomach, and John thinks in a haze of panic that he's going to be sick.
"Do you like it?" Sherlock asks, and his hands begin petting John's short hair. Once again, the flame stutters, and John almost goes boneless. "You should have paid more attention to my experiment. Admittedly, your run-in with a crystallized and concentrated form of ecstasy is probably slim to nothing. However, as a doctor, you really should have been able to recognize the erectile dysfunction tablets. Alas, as ever dear John, you see but do not observe." Sherlock violently pulls his hand away, the action tugging out a few strands by the roots.
It looks like it's been taken directly out of a BDSM catalog. Especially with the white walls and bright lighting. John can see where he's supposed to go, what he's supposed to do. The top and middle part of it is heavily cushioned, meant to support his midsection. It slopes down on either end, though the place where his arms are going to be strapped in are slightly higher, so he isn't choking himself when he's lying face down on the thing. The leg portions are placed far apart from one another, clearly meant for him to be on display, in every sense of the word. Sherlock's taken it off of the luggage trolley, so the heavy looking furniture will stay put. No matter what kind of rigorous activity it goes through.
John tensed, ready to intercede. Maybe he could startle them into confusion and chaos by firing a warning shot at the concrete floor. Hopefully, that would give Sherlock enough time to escape.
“I certainly don’t keep as close of an eye on you or Sherlock as much as I would prefer, but let’s just say that there are members of your staff who don’t have as many moral scruples as you do. And I’m not referring to anyone watching you and giving me compromising details, so you can stop having a heart attack now.”
With one arm on the bed to keep him upright, he used the other to guide himself into John’s warm and slick hole. He took it slowly, hoping that every facet of John’s face would be captured in high detail.
So he pulled himself almost completely out, and then thrust his cock back in. John choked on a groan, but he finally completed the sound when Sherlock repeated the action.
John has no response that isn’t hysterical laughter, so he goes back to staring at the ceiling when he hears Sherlock leave. He can feel the semen sticking to his stomach and leaking out of his arse. Alone with his aches and pains, John ponders on his present picture.
He did his best not to fidget in the seat off to his brother’s right side. He kept his mutterings to a minimum, only letting them slip when the mindless masses were particularly grating. A little longer, and then he could go back to his studies unhindered for a full week.
Sherlock pushes him back to sitting by sliding his hands up John’s chest. John assumes that Sherlock is going to torment his nipples, but his hands slide to the side and begin to tickle his ribcage. John yelps, squirming and giggling, unable to care that he’s twisting his shoulders further. His ankles jerk of their own accord, tugging in a fruitless attempt to get away.
The dragon was waiting for him in his human form. Surrounded by blackness, cutting a pale figure even while wrapped in his wings, he looked like a harbinger of death. The smile Sherlock gave John matched the morbidity of a skull’s grin.
He digs the instrument in a little deeper than intended in annoyance. "Oops," he says to himself, "went a little flat there." The man is
Well, that wasn’t true. He had John. And there was no one that would do a better job of being a heart than John Watson.
Once John’s head hit the pillow, he sharply inhaled, and looked at the unblinking eye at the side of the bed.
He’s been honing the delicate balance between ‘influenced’ by romance potions and downright drowning in them. He wants John to be his, but he also doesn’t want a drooling twitter pated fool who can’t tie his own shoes without lamenting about how the laces never touched Sherlock’s skin.
“John,” they whispered, soft as the scratching, “squirm in the worms with us John.”
Tonight, John decided. He would do it tonight after everyone in the house had fallen asleep. It wasn’t as if he was permanently stealing the key, he was only going to borrow it for a short while. Just so he could eliminate the terrible assumptions twisting his heart to pulp.
He pulled away with a soft sound, moving over to repeat the same stimulations. His fingers rolled and pinched the wet nub between his fingers to keep it raised and sensitive. John’s heels dug into the bed, and a keening noise escaped his mouth.
He's just standing there, with his tall chest pressing the buttons into John's back. Tentatively, John raises his hands to caress Sherlock's arms. He's not sure why he's doing it. There's no end game. He's not planning to throw Sherlock onto the ground. He's not trying to seduce anybody. He just wants to touch, and be touched.
Darkness slipped over his vision. At first John thought he was sinking into a deeper sleep, but Moriarty’s voice called out as clearly as ever, “Why make use of a blindfold?”
Wasn’t it? This was surely just another lie to lure him into security. That had to be the motivation. He’d seen the danger and madness in Jim’s eyes, no matter how briefly. Or had that been a trick of the light? Perhaps it was an exaggeration from his overwrought mind, and what he’d seen was a reasonable outburst of anger and worry.
Humans never think about the tail.
“I’ll call off my team.”
You should know that if I disappear for a while, it's probably the F.B.I and they've found my search history.
John gives a tight smile that he knows isn't reassuring at all and says, "Fine, sir. Just, got back from a test with Mr. Holmes is all." A test that he spectacularly failed. Even if all of the questions that he answered were right (which he highly doubts) the amount that he didn't finish will still land him in the lowest percentile. He's doomed.
Sherlock fell with him onto the bed. He kissed John’s face and lips as if he were a precious and priceless treasure.
“I was a bit distracted by the collapsed teenager on my medical table. But yes, I do remember now. So, how exactly are we going to stop them? And I still say we should go to the police.”
"Open your mouth for me John." He says it with total calm. Like he's asking John to pass the sugar.
That's utterly hilarious.
A few more deft twists of his fingers, and Sherlock removes his digits. He stands up, undressing himself completely. For some reason, it only feels fair. "Remember John", Sherlock says, just as breathless as his 'lover',"you only have to ask, and I will let you orgasm."
This was beyond dangerous. This was a situation that John was ill-prepared for, like someone had asked him to disarm a bomb when all he knew was how to stitch up a person.
Sherlock’s lubricated himself thoroughly, and he’s gradually pressing in, but it still feels like John is being split down the middle.
John knows that very well. That's why he wanted to take the shower. But he huffs and starts putting on the suit. They dress turned away from each other, the picture of a domestic couple. Except when John slides off his pants, his thumb brushes over the initials 'SH' branded on his hip. When he shrugs into the shirt that's as tangent as a whisper, he shifts the shoulder that holds a tracker right beneath the skin. They're going to have to change that soon, if they don't want John's body morphing it into his cells. He doesn't look forward to the surgery. He's attempting to arrange the tie around his neck when he hears a soft "Oh," behind him.
Fuck. Fucking hell he's still beating himself up over how stupid he'd been, to even let her sit with him in the first place. John can't help that now. But he can do everything in his power to make sure that sweet woman will see another day. A very dangerous idea starts to take root in John's mind. He might be able to pull this off, or he's going to end up in deeper shit than before. Well, once more into the breach and all that.
They set off for the mansion, Molly joined John and Lestrade to offer any advice she could. John had dressed in the spare clothes of the stable hand, rather than his own clothes that Sherlock and Jim had brought. While John logically understood the need for validation to his claims, the thought of returning to the manor when he’d barely escaped last night grated on his skin.
He stepped inside, trying to be mindful of the glass, but his eyes were focused on the locked door. John picked up the brick as he walked towards it. He bashed at the glass over and over, recalling large smiles, consoling words, and tender regards. This time, it only fell part way, and John made short work of the rest as he tried to stymie the blurring of his vision.
Sherlock could feel his release cresting over him, lost in the haze of his own arousal. He watched John’s features twist in pleasure that was almost too much for his body to understand. Sherlock licked a trail up the Omega’s cheek, following the line of a freshly fallen tear. He felt the boy spasming again, and new that his release was close. Sherlock’s own need came to the forefront of his mind. He had succeeded in reducing this previously proud farm hand into a desperate and whining mess. The thought sent a jolt of dark arousal down his spine.
He slams the door to the man's splutters. Rushing inside of his home, he is again stopped by Mrs. Hudson on the way up the steps.
Sherlock left shortly after that, once John had sternly told him to leave the room as he didn’t require to be looked after. He finished his breakfast, indulged in a bout of slothfulness by reading his book in bed, and then moved to clear away his tray.
“The press! You get them off your back and Sherlock looks like the misunderstood hero. There won’t be a soul who will want to bother him after this, otherwise the whole town will riot in his defense.”
But he didn’t need anything else. He had Mary, and he could work locum jobs until he found something more stable. He didn’t need the thrill of exploding sand or even a critical patient relying on his expertise to feel alive. As long as he had Mary, everything would be fine.
“I thought we could take this time to discuss our arrangement in further detail,” Sherlock said as he stalked towards John.
“Be at ease John, I promise I will take care of everything back at the mansion. There are resources there that I can use that I can’t here. Besides, he could have ridden home in drunken confusion last night. Anyone that would’ve seen the carriage out of place would have come forward by now.”
Sherlock seemed to be jerked back to life with the question. He answered offhandedly, “You weren’t answering your phone. May I come in?”
“Go on,” Sherlock encouraged as he continued to thrust, “I want to feel you.”
"You just decided to intervene an irate man with a gun?" Sherlock asks sardonically.
Sherlock gently pushes at the back of his skull, bringing his forward to face the mirror again. John’s flushed from face to hips, his chest is heaving from his breath, and his legs are splayed on either side of Sherlock’s, which leaves him spread open for the cock that is throbbing inside of him.
John’s heart began to pound despite the opiates. Jim stopped flicking a nipple to remark, “Oh, our golden boy is a little nervous.” He licked up the side of John’s neck, “You should really be grateful. We had an arduous debate about your proper ‘punishment’.
“I’m giving you my phone number. It’s useful, since you won’t have to come to my house every time you want to talk now. Though I prefer to text. Also, you really need more than just your wife’s number, your office, and your wife’s work number in your contacts.”
He stood up from the table. John was startled from reading the paper, but Sherlock didn’t offer an explanation as he strode towards the bathroom.
The woman says nothing, just continues to stare ahead. Sherlock glanced behind him, and swore in his head when he saw Lestrade and Donovan emerge, both with bewildered looks on their faces. They immediately clouded with suspicion when they didn't immediately spot Sherlock. He had to hurry this along.
As John pulled on his trousers and buttoned up his shirt, he couldn’t help but remember the way Sherlock had seemed unable to take his eyes off of him. ‘Probably just shock,’ John thought to himself.
Sherlock quickly unbuckles one foot so that he can pull the leg up and to the side. He gathers a bit more lube onto his fingers, and quickly slicks himself. Lining up to John’s entrance is the most satisfying muscle memory, and Sherlock slides in like he’s made to fit there. But it’s far more accurate and gratifying to say that he’s carved a space for himself into John’s body. The schematics of his ownership fly away when he feels John clench around his cock.
Sherlock's lip twisted into a black snarl, but he let his brother say his piece. "I had hoped to reach him in time when I became aware of your...advances, but I was too late. So now I am asking you to release him. I will not waste my time appealing to your humanity, but I will offer you, for lack of a more delicate word, a refund." Mycroft stopped talking when their food was delivered hot to their table.
It was like John was being reintroduced to penetration with every inch. Places inside of him that had been slicked with lube were now being pushed and stretched in a way that made John keen.
Sherlock departs without another word, and John thinks he might have come off as offensive, until Sherlock’s voice filters back from the kitchen.
John clenched his eyes shut and waited for the swiftly approaching climax to rip him asunder. It happened when both cocks aligned perfectly, and pressed against his pleasure spot in an upwards thrust. John couldn’t be sure in the aftershocks, but he thought he’d heard himself choking on his own saliva.
John can feel his smothered instincts kick in, can feel the urge to resist like the compulsory need to breathe even while being submerged underwater. Even while it makes his gorge rise, to know that he can’t do a thing now that he’s tried to pull away, he’s almost glad to be back into this routine. Right now, he knows how this goes, and nothing unexpected can show up to throw his mind into chaos.
“Oh,” John said, “I should be getting back now.” He stood there in the kitchen.
The need that had become dormant in him sparked back to life. He nuzzled his face into the pillow, unable to see Sherlock’s reaction when he spread his legs a little wider. John heard a quick intake of breath, which made him flush darker.
John shakes his head, "No, no it's not at all. Really not."
"Course, things would have probably gone smoother for the bloke if someone were there to help him out. Help him get his head together while he was wearing a fucking ugly coat and shoes that were giving him blisters."
The man shrugs, "I didn't say it was good or bad advice."
“Then I hope you have ones that are practically surreal from now on,” Mary said.  John laughed at that, and it made something warm unfold in Mary’s heart as much as John’s, going by her expression.
“The battery was low. I didn’t realize,” he lied for a second time.
"Oh well, time for Daddy to stop meddling for now. Let the kids figure it out for themselves. Sherly will be cross if I try to help anymore. I think he's still a little cross from last time." Seb says nothing. He hasn't been addressed. When Jim looks back at him, his eyes are quickly glazing over with abrupt lust. Seb knows what's coming, and steels himself for the order.
For once, this is flagrant ignorance that he can live with.
It's an exceptional long shot, what with the location and the hundreds of people that pass underneath it every day. But no one is allowed into the top, thanks to unstable repairs that-
Warnings: Emotional Trauma
His eyes skimmed over each tallied box and scribbled piece of medical jargon. ‘Blood around lips, teeth cracked from blunt trauma, vomit crusted at various stages down the throat and sides of face. Bruising under chin and across stomach. Cause of Expiration: excessive whiskey consumption.’
“John! Jesus, there you are! Where were you? I’ve been trying to get in touch for two hours, did you and Sherlock only just get done with dinner?”
unique. You’re brave, selfless, you try to be good even when you know you it won’t lead to a favorable outcome, and you’re addicted to danger. You’re the best man I’ve ever met. Why wouldn’t I want to be closer to you if I was given the chance?”
"I'm afraid that the contents of the bag will have to remain a mystery for another time John. I had a whole evening planned, but I got a little carried away." Sherlock actually does look contrite that it hadn't gone the way he'd thought it would. Oh well, he'll always have opportunities now, won't he?
“But I think you understand me perfectly when I confess that our little Johnny is quite addicting. I just needed another taste, before the long wait,” John felt the dip of the bed as Jim climbed back on.
John's breath shorts out when he feels Sherlock's mouth wrap around him. Apparently there's no rhyme or reason to the stimulation tonight. John's more than a little worried about that. Sherlock's tongue curls wickedly around the crown of his dick, and John groans.
John knows he's in for a rough night when he can feel his sanity being stripped down this early. He's not breaking, not yet. But he can feel his psyche, well, bending for a lack of a better term. He's got nothing to go on but raw feeling, and right now he feels like every nerve ending he's got was designed for pleasure. His brain just doesn't have any energy or inclination to fight something that feels so good.
His face was chalk pale and perspiring. He was clearly dehydrated, as his tongue was a hot pink dart in and out of his mouth as he tried to lick the sweat from his lips. The skin clung to his cheeks like it was painted on. John pulled back an eyelid, and his worst fears were confirmed. The pupil was massively dilated, even in the brightly lit office.
John drops the phone in surprise, spinning to see his visitor. The man is tall, sandy blonde, and solid muscle. Not overdone like an overcompensating bodybuilder, but not like the hidden strength that John is proud of. He's wearing black fatigues with matching t-shirt and boots. The short sleeves show off the Royal Marines crest tattoo on his left shoulder, as well as a massive array of scars.
John was satisfied with the apology, and walked over towards their bed without support. “Good. See to it that you two retain your good rapport if you know what’s best for you.”
Her face crinkles into an ugly frown and she opens her mouth for a scathing retort, but Lestrade rushes over before it can escalate even further, "Sally, how's the witness?"
“Your house was closer. And to be fair, I didn’t know it was your residence until just now.”
“Everything, including your restraints, is to prove to you that you don’t have to see us as enemies John. You are as strong and fierce as well forged steel, and I made you that way, but eventually even you will tire of this constant alert. You can put a stop to this pointless and ceaseless struggle.”
“Of course not Dr. Watson. I’m far more complex,” Sherlock said with a completely straight face.
When he just stood there, nearly vibrating with suppressed energy, John tried to break the silence. “I’m sorry Sherlock,” but the boy waved his hand to cut John’s words out of the air.
What he's saying isn't a bluff, he wouldn't be able to fool Sherlock if it was. If he can't have some give in his future with this madman, he'll do it. He'll become something completely unrecognizable, because at least it will be on his own terms.
“Oh,” Jim’s eyebrow rose up, “and what’s that Johnny?”
Slowly, Sherlock inserts the black plug. This is certainly not the first time John has endured one of these, but this one is new. It's short and conical, flaring off into a wide base that will keep John full, without any stimulation to his prostate. Ideal for keeping him on the edge of orgasm, without fully tipping him over.
"Because she's not speaking to anyone, because she's in shock, and because you're not exactly a 'people person.'" Lestrade made air quotes, still refusing to turn around until he heard the zip.
His eyes glance back over to the monstrosity, head almost lolling with his movement. Then he lets out a sharp cry when Sherlock's gripping his head by the hair again, forcing him to look back at Sherlock. "You shouldn't ever look away from me John. I enjoy watching your reactions, watching you squirm. If I'm giving you my attention, I expect the same."
“Sorry John, but there’s a phone call for you in the teacher’s lounge.”
The days after that blended together. Sherlock had at least been truthful in that John wanted for nothing. Sherlock had crafted a sunken pit full of furs and silks for John to sleep in. There was a trickling waterfall from the rocks that gave him fresh water, and at the opposite end the ravine fed into a small bottomless hole which took care of his waste.
looking to kill yourself then you're just outright
"Trust me, it was no problem. Here." John grabs a receipt from his pocket and a pen from his jacket. He scribbles something down and hands it to Sherlock. "Here's my number, hope to see you soon?" The question is there, and John almost looks abashed. Sherlock wants that expression framed somehow. Sherlock also has a brief moment of humor that John really shouldn't be that hopeful of seeing him again.
The banging door that amplified voices of ‘come and join us’. Harry’s insistence that restless spirits could only present clues. The restriction against entering the locked area. Jim’s outburst when he realized John had been there. Bright red berries, bursting with wailing faces.
“My brother’s occupation and my parent’s insurance means that he’s wealthy enough to rent a house for me to live in alone. He didn’t bother with trying to keep me in a flat.” He gave John a very mischievous grin, “Apparently I’m a hellish neighbor.”
John had been embarrassed about the sheer bulk, initially. But who’s going to come into their room? And John’s dealt with Sherlock’s impatience enough times that he always carries a small packet of lube with him anyway.
The sound is almost dripping in lubricant and semen, and Sherlock fights the impulse to lick it clean. The habit of exploring every area of John with his tongue apparently doesn’t stop with the visible. The undeniable truth that curbs this strong compulsion is that the lube will taste revolting.
John shudders with embarrassed indecision, but he really doesn't have a choice does he? He does his business, cleans himself up, and flushes. Several seconds of being left alone in the wide, empty darkness.
“It’s my lunch break.”
He threw together some clothes, grabbed his charger, and kissed Mary on the way out the door as she handed him a bag of food.
“Mistaken,” Sherlock clarified, “Or, in cruder terms you might better understand, I don’t plan to use you as a quick fuck, John. I plan to take you apart. Slowly. Until you can’t remember anything except the pleasure I give you.”
It's not until he's at home in his bed, tossing about and wondering how he's going to break it to his parents that he's failed Chemistry, that he remembers that Mr. Moriarty called him 'clever.' It strikes him as odd, and John searches for the reason. When it hits him, John is simultaneously confused and obscenely flattered.
But the size might still be an issue, as it is only big enough for Sherlock if he keeps his arms above himself. He frowns and hoists himself up onto the roof.
Sherlock frowned viciously. John felt dread creep into the fissures in his heart, and knew this night would turn from a cherished memory into a painful one.
John opened it, and saw what he assumed was the dried remains of the plant that had been featured so graphically in his dreams. A faint aroma of citrus arose from the ceramic, and he finally felt like he had his answer. The implications of which were devastating.
He was literally in the middle of things, and that was when his doorbell wouldn’t stop bloody ringing. “That’s
"Not debts, blackmail." Sherlock bit out every word.
Even though he hadn’t done anything of real physical effort, he still felt like he had been dragged over several miles of rocks. Distantly, he heard Mary’s car engine start up, followed shortly by it tearing off down the street.
“His constant presence by your side was…is irksome to me. I understand that I am often occupied by my work. Yet he seeks your time even when I am free from other obligations. He would fill your schedule more so than your own husband, and before you object, I entirely believe it to be intentional. Jim has always been greedy.”
“Making demands John? That’s not exactly intelligent of you,” Sherlock replied, biting and sucking on John’s neck between every other word. John squirmed even more underneath him.
He walked through the front door and called out to Mary. He heard his voice gently sweep through the house. She would probably be working a late shift again. She’d been picking up a lot of those lately.
“Restless spirits are only ever meant to give clues,” she said as she floated down the hall. John kept alert for any other footsteps, but all remained silent. Perhaps he wasn’t even awake, and anyone who caught him would only bring the consequence of waking back in bed.
“Surely there must be something here. You can’t have gone over the entire town in just one day and deemed it unworthy,” John wryly said.
John deliberately kept his hands flat against the counter. He didn’t think his palms could take more digging from his nails.
“I am not offended,” Sherlock assured him, rubbing the delicate skin of John’s wrists with his thumb after a cautious approach. “I’ve said before that I would rather take on your suffering any day. And while you certainly are not diminished in appeal to my eyes, your nerves are clearly shot. Not to mention the aches you sustained from your gardening. We shall have to continue this activity later.”
It was well past dusk outside of his glass haven, but the candle lanterns he’d set up offered enough illumination. With the smell of wet earth, snapped greenery, and flickering warm light, he began to hope that he was swaying back towards calm.
She pecked his cheek. “I’ll pack something up for you and him. Hopefully he’ll be able to stomach something soon.”
“Alright then,” John grinned up at Sherlock, although it was more uncertain than it had been all night. “Where are we going?”
How did he even go about apologizing for something like this? ‘So sorry for giving you the wrong impression from a married man almost twice your age, and for belittling your feelings. Which you made absolutely certain would be revealed in a mature manner, and have been making adjustments in your own life to prove this isn’t just a whim. How about we pretend everything’s normal?’
The cut was small enough that he could have received it without noticing. He could have scraped it against the sharp edge of paper, or perhaps something in the greenhouse before he’d clutched the tea in his hand. But, no, that was too coincidental to be true, wasn’t it?
John makes a broken sound akin to being murdered without being able to scream. Sherlock’s other hand is on his hip, which prevents him from bucking and choking Sherlock. Meaning that he’s left to endure feeling like something will rupture. And a treacherous part of his brain digs its heels into this clambering torture, begging for more.
Sherlock revels in the warm pleasure traveling from his groin to his gut. John squeezes firmly around him that it’s almost enough to make up for the lack of thrusting.
Happy Holidays!
The cough that he covered with his fist was fake. The tears were real.
Trying to spice up their sex lives had gone equally tits up. Their sex was, well, not mediocre, but it was missing that encompassing passion it had before they’d gotten married. Adding sex toys and different positions only made things as interesting as they were exhausting.
“Tonight…it was…good,” Sherlock looked everywhere else but John’s face.
“I hate it when you use metaphors on me. Stop trying to speak doubles, I don’t have the patience for it today.”
John wanted to protest. The gun was in his name after all. If someone found it and traced it back to him, he’d be in serious trouble. But, hell, he’s come this far trusting the word of a brilliant teenager. It would be a bit insincere of him if he stopped now.
“I’ll be the judge of that Mr. Moriarty, if you don’t mind,” Lestrade snapped.
“I thought we were over this petty behavior Sherlock. Unless I need reevaluate what it means when you two promise your word over a matter supposedly resolved?”
“Hopefully that next time is,” John interrupted himself with a yawn, “a long ways off.”
John had expected that question, so he responded, “That’s what neighbors do isn’t it? Help each other out?”
“Sherlock,” he entreated when the boy made no move to acknowledge his slow shuffle into the kitchen, “What are you doing here? And why are you in my kitchen?”
John cradles his head in his hands, clenching his hair in small tufts. How many times will his world be tipped on its axis around this man? How many times will he end up questioning who he is? He jumps when he feels a long, cold hand rest on his shoulder.
The cooler air of the outdoors felt welcomingly bracing against John’s warmed skin. His crisp inhalations did much to dispel the warm flush from the wine, and turned everything that had transpired inside into a hazy dream.
He walked past them, and resisted the urge to shove them aside. Perhaps because it would be a petty and juvenile move, when he was trying to appear well-reasoned, but victimized. Or perhaps he still saw a Jim smiling at him while blood dripped down his face, or a Sherlock whose eyes could glow with cold fury while two beaten and pitiable men fled for their lives, and maybe these recalled images still inspired a bit of fear.
John opened his mouth to say it, but Sherlock’s face had lost its hunger. He looked like he was holding back a laugh.
As he presses the code to open the magnetically sealed door, he finds that the answer was only difficult in its simplicity. He will just have John Watson fall in love with him. John already finds Sherlock sexually attractive, and was perfectly willing to step into the line of fire in order to protect him. After this, Sherlock wryly thinks, it will certainly take a bit of time to gain back his trust. But it was there at one point, so that's something to work with.
When he's done he feels, well, not fully human, but a step is a step. John opens the curtain, and considers pulling it down to make a crude toga. He really doesn't want to walk around naked and cold, but then what about privacy? This little niche is the only place he has where he's not being recorded. His decision is made for him when he spots the folded white clothes in front of the door.
Sherlock congratulates himself on a job expertly done.
“I did use the safe then,” Jim allowed, and John felt his heart beat a little steadier. “But it was with an entirely different code.” He pulled out a piece of paper from his inner coat pocket, and handed it to the officer. “This is a list of all of my previous codes, to be sure I do not duplicate myself. You will notice, officer, that the one John used when he was in my rooms is not anywhere on this scrap.”
Sherlock’s lips twisted with something acerbic to retort with, but he caught John’s teasing look. His smile turned smugger, “I’m very good.”
John remained firm in his decision. He would keep to his original plan, and either bring to light a terrible truth, or make himself the biggest fool while he groveled for forgiveness. At this point, either was better than this vertiginous uncertainty.
Sherlock did not press for conversation, which was a blessing. He also refused to leave the room, which was less so. He said he was only observing John’s health to make certain there wasn’t a relapse, but John also knew that it was to make sure he didn’t make another venture for the greenhouse.
And given your phrasing of expletives and physical nature, stone is very important to you. So you wouldn’t waste it on anything frivolous. You have no way of taking pictures, but you’re old and therefore have memories you wish to preserve. You must have had interaction with your species in the past, your psychology is remarkably similar to that of humans, and therefore it’s not entirely impossible that you’re also a social creature. So, on your own, lonely, barely thriving, why not go to one of your own kind for help?
With a sort of desperate mania, John nearly tried to turn this into another one of Sherlock’s jokes. But then he remembered the ‘joke’ Sherlock had played with the spoon back at the restaurant. The way he had tried to hold open the door for John because it was the ‘traditional’ thing to do. The effort and care Sherlock had gone through to make this night special. How Sherlock had intently stared into his being when he’d asked him if all John was worried about was his job if people suspected them of being ‘involved’.
He had expected Sherlock to stray away from tales of his parents, but it was like a valve had been released. Sherlock went on about his mother had been an award winning mathematician before settling down after getting pregnant. She’d still contributed to the field on and off, and Sherlock owned all of her published journals. His father had been wiser rather than intelligent, and had been the bedrock for a family of tumultuous geniuses. He didn’t give away any information about how his parents had died, and John obviously didn’t press for it.
He brushed off the lingering dust, and gave a loud yawn at the lingering effects of lethargy. Something was nagging at the back of his mind, something important. John scratched his stomach, blinking blearily into the London night.
And what the hell was he doing, assuming that Mary should sleep upstairs, uncomfortable until they could get the proper arrangements? He should take it. It wasn’t like he had his limp to worry about anymore, and getting back cramps might feel enough like self-flagellation that he could start to feel better about himself.
John groans when both fingers hit his prostate, he's so blinded by pleasure that he doesn't notice Jim unzipping himself. Jim breathes out a cautious sigh, for the first time, he's unsure of how far little Johnny will be willing to go. Did he only mean to stimulate Jim through his clothed crotch? Was he only planning on being a maddening little cock tease?
John utters a small thanks, and heads over. It's even tinier on the inside. Installed shelves are full of paperwork, and there's a computer that looks like it would be able to survive a nuclear holocaust. An old land-line phone is next to it, and John quickly dials 999.
Sherlock releases his own snarl, and presses
John expected Sherlock to be amused. Instead, he looked angrier than John had ever seen him.
“John has suffered an unfortunate number of tragedies recently,” Moriarty said, “His sister has passed; he has left behind everything familiar to move into new surroundings. A town that welcomed him by having him accosted and nearly killed by ruffians. He complained of intense nightmares that we foolishly disregarded. His stresses were only augmented when he became bedridden with a high fever. It seems that the last affliction fragmented his senses, and filled his mind with paranoia. We thought him on the mend, but his anxieties have evidently increased exponentially. He attacked us last night after raving about the things he just told you, and fled into the night with barely any clothing and his horse unsaddled.” Moriarty turned his head to emphasize the patch on his face.
Sherlock’s defensive tension drained out of his shoulders. He smiled, most likely at the image of John punching his sibling, and said, “I appreciate the offer.”
“Did you not enjoy it?” Sherlock pointlessly asks. Of course John didn’t. But maybe the spontaneity overshadowed any pleasure.
Mary laughed as she passed by him. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and said, “Put some clothes on handsome, I’ll go make sure Sherlock wasn’t traumatized.”
Blind luck had kept him from waltzing into that silver encrusted room. If he hadn’t sneezed, hadn’t noticed the dust that was far too thick for such a new building, he would be sagged against a poisoned wall and slowly seeped of all magic until he couldn’t perform a damned card trick. A trap like that would take time before it was effective. A human wouldn’t be impacted in any way.
Sherlock’s nose wrinkles and he reaches for his flute glass, as if it will wash that statement off of his mind, “Don’t be disgusting John. You’re the only one who eats that swill.”
John stops his jogging, dead in the center of the room. He's staring at the door, waiting for someone to come through. Sherlock, more than likely, or a guard with a non-lethal but extremely painful taser.
Sherlock impatiently pushes John up the stairs, nearly resulting in him landing face first on the steps. John doesn't protest the manhandling, just picks up his pace. The low thrum of anticipation sings in his veins, and John braces himself for when they enter the living room. He turns around to watch Sherlock close the door, and notices that the man is practically quivering with repressed emotion. He turns his attention to John, and he steals a breath from the look on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock's not entirely sure himself. He grips the edge of the roof, shakily standing back up. He looks up towards the clock tower that he was just standing at, then down to the streets where people are obliviously walking by, then at the creature that brought him here.
With all the care of handling delicate china, Sherlock coaxes John into lying on the floor, where it’s easier for him to adjust John’s legs. John hisses at the pins and needles traveling up his back. Yet he almost cries with the relief of straightening his spine, even with his arms pressing behind him.
“It’s your fault! You lifted it from me you goddamn--”
John helped him out by turning back onto safer topics, and soon their lunch break ended.
And oh, that's enough to pull John out of his 'cold shoulder' routine. "I'm not ashamed of it," John bites "I'm just disgusted."
John blinked at the intrusion, but didn’t attempt to cover himself or get dressed. Clearly he thought Sherlock’s entrance was a prelude to an emergency.
While John is struggling to find some semblance of stability, he wildly thinks that he can somehow still handle this. That the warmth of Sherlock’s tongue won’t drive him to madness, and that he can ignore the heaviness in his balls and his bladder if he simply tries hard enough. Maybe he can withstand the agony of denied release in both areas, and hold on until Sherlock is either satisfied or bored. But then Sherlock’s lips slide down his shaft and the sudden sucking makes John thrash and sob brokenly.
A subtle shift of his legs informs him that he's also quite erect. He's not sure what he would do if the driver wasn't throwing conspicuous glances in the mirror. He glares at the man, annoyed that a third party had to be involved in this at all. Perhaps he could kill him later? Let John's drugged complacency be a secret only to Sherlock? But, no, the man is slightly competent. And Jim's always complaining how they don't have enough good help. If he kills this one, he'd never hear the end of it.
John did reiterate the story to Mr. Jim, relieved and happy and needing to tell somebody. His Maths teacher was the only one that he felt comfortable enough to tell. His friends would have been his second choice, but they all knew the reason for his far away look and why he practically threw himself into his Chemistry homework. They would have teased him mercilessly about being so distracted as to fail the biggest exam of the year.
She was tracing the veins of his arm over and over again. She fluttered her pointed fingers at his wrist and the inside of his elbow. John remembered this gesture. It was an old game they played as children to pass the time while they huddled in their room while their father spouted abuse at their invisible and long dead mother. The point of the game was to tickle the skin until the other couldn’t stand it. If one pulled away, they admitted defeat. It was the best way to enjoy themselves without making attention-drawing noise. John, in this sense, conceded at once, but Harry held his arm still despite the surrender.
John's moans are wanton now. He can't seem to stop thrashing. God, this is good, it's glorious and he's so damn
The shorter man unbuckles himself as he purrs, "Come here kitten. You've probably done enough talking today, and Daddy's had a long day at work. Time to make a better use of your mouth."
And three, the brave thing would do
Even Molly had commented on it when he came in to work, “Oh! Good to see you up and about Doctor Watson! Not that, you were lazy, or anything, beforehand. Erm, here’s your coffee. I’m going to go hide in a broom closet for five minutes.”
He’s not certain he can stand another morning of shammed pleasantries. The genial words of ‘how did you sleep’ and ‘is there any more coffee left’ before they just sit across from each other, with an empty quiet hanging thickly in the air between them.
She smiles in thanks, and John's heart stutters. He's not sure if it's from fear or because he's always loved a nice smile. Based on his current life, he's betting it's from fear. Fuck, how long to diffuse this before Sherlock gets back? Two minutes? Three? If he sees this, John will be lucky to feel wind on his face in the next
"Well," John clears his throat, "I haven't. I'm dead serious. Mary walks away unmolested," he winces at the word choice, "by you, anyone who works for you, or any associates and thereon, or I blue-ball you. Indefinitely."
She was clearly taken aback by the statement. John pressed on, “I’ve been living with two deplorable men. One of whom happens to be my husband. They’ve proven to be the lowest sort of creatures imaginable. Of their many crimes, they’ve been poisoning me, weakening my body night after night.”
He was in love with Sherlock Holmes.
important in a past life.
His stomach swooped in terror before he smothered it under his desperation. He told himself that the length of the fall was just a testament to how far he’d come. If he turned back out of cowardice now, he may never have an opportunity like this again. John breathed deeply, and reached for the next crag.
“So, in conclusion,” he told to a silent and gob smacked audience, which included John. “This has been a colossal disappointment. The ringleader is the damned superintendent. God! I would have been happier if it was the janitor instead of being this predictable!”
John assumed he knew what Sherlock’s sudden departure earlier meant. He’d been unable to find a beneficial solution, so he’d turned to the only other person who could help him. Then, the both of them had decided that even with their combined minds they couldn’t resolve the situation satisfactorily. So they’d come to him as a last resort. John didn’t mind that he was the last card to be drawn from the deck. In a way, it flattered him that they thought so highly of his advice that they would come to him at all.
“Oh,” Sherlock said without inflection. John was immediately ready to say he could call it off, that he was only going to give updates to get the subordinates to stop tailing him, but Sherlock stopped all of that with, “I hope you chose a large figure.”
John moves in front of the woman, spreading his wings wide in a position to protect her. The thugs have only one avenue of escape, and it's past him. They'll have to duck and run, or fight him head on.
John covered his face with his hands and tried to remember to take deep breaths. As he dragged his hands down, an alarmingly calm finality swept over him.
The Voice had died down a while ago now. Or was it just a few minutes? Hard to tell. With literally nothing to do, John tapped out rhythms on his cell door. First Beatles songs, then just idle compositions. They helped to pass the endless amount of time he had now.
Molly blinked at him, and then her face glowed in embarrassment, “Oh, god. I didn’t mean-I’m not saying you’re boring. I mean, I sort of just said it there, haha, but that’s not what I meant, originally. I was just-“
"Sherlock," John pleads, "for God's sake, don't. Just leave him alone. Please." He can give him this. He can beg for this. If this is the last thing he does, he needs to save this man's life.
John uses the time to think, like he's been doing ever since Moran left him in his comfortable prison. He needs to structure this right, play it correctly. He'd come to his decision about Sherlock and their...relationship, before he went to sleep. Now is the moment of truth, and John can't fuck this up. God knows what will happen if he does.
John looks at him, those honest and clear eyes pulled tight in sympathy. "Yeah, alright let's go. Don't want to offend his eyes any further." John places a comforting hand at his back, and Sherlock nearly gives the game away with the shudder that runs through him. But John takes it as a symptom of frazzled nerves and doesn't comment.
Sherlock blinks, and finally focuses on John. "Oh, I was tracking you down for the murder and assault from last night."
John's standing in an alleyway. The scent of hot asphalt and garbage is assaulting his nose. The night breeze picks up, and the tickle of the air and the clang of a loosed can startles him. John can't see the stars when he looks up, but that's okay. Smog has never been more beautiful. Distantly, he can hear cars and the tinny sound of music through a speaker. John's vision goes blurry, and he hastily wipes away the tears.
Sherlock's faster pace continues, and John notices his bobbing erection between his legs. Between the time passed and the stimulation, he's fully hard again. His climax is a swiftly growing thing, but it's not enough. He can't come just from this. He attempts to reach down between himself, but Jim is too fast.
John throws his head back onto Sherlock’s shoulder, uttering a guttural clicking sound. He rubs his head against soft and expensive fabric, confirming that Sherlock only pushed down his trousers, and didn’t bother with the rest.
John hastily tries to reassure him, "No, sir, I'm fine, really-" he completely ruins his attempt at comfort when he starts coughing again. The small, tidy room and surplus of bodies have heated the air, abrading John's throat. He clears it away, and opens eyes he didn't realize he'd closed. Holmes is kneeling right in front of him.
“I don’t know why you two are acting this way, but you are friends and professional partners. You should behave as such! Fighting over my attention makes no sense in any form. I am not a toy for two boys to pull apart.”
Sherlock pays attention to John’s slowing heart rate and evening breathing, to be sure he comprehends everything when Sherlock says, “Perhaps next time we’ll use the ridged one.”
Sherlock seemed to notice John withdrawing, as his expression shifted into concern. “John?” The teenager took a step closer.
Slowly but unfalteringly steady, Sherlock pushed himself inside of the serf. Even with all of the previous preparation and the looseness that came from release, John was unused to the presence of an Alpha inside of him. It showed in the grip of his body and his desperate gasps for air.
John was beginning to see why Sherlock didn’t talk about his brother except in snide tones.
"Calm down?" It was a testament to his anger that Sherlock had just repeated a phrase, "You released John. You let him
But he didn’t want that. He genuinely didn’t. He liked Sherlock, enjoyed speaking with him. He liked the easy way they could talk about everything, or even sit in comfortable silence with each other’s company. The thought of giving that up pulled at something vital behind his sternum.
Warmed by drink and close bodies, the outside was not as bitter as it had been. The winds had died down, and gentle snow coated the streets and obscured all footsteps. Including the tracks of his carriage, which was nowhere to be found.
Sherlock was quiet. When John looked up, he thought he saw something like regret on Sherlock’s face, but he couldn’t be certain.
She looked up at him, surprise looking far better on her round face than awkward fear.
"Ah. Yes," Sherlock coughs, understanding now, "I've been meaning to tidy up. Just haven't found the time."
He reaches a hand underneath John’s hip, gripping John’s half-softened cock.
Jim raised a mocking eyebrow, "You have shagged him right? Please tell me you're not saving that for a 'special day'?" He made air quotes and groaned.
A small fire kept the room comfortable from autumn’s chill. Against the wall farthest from the heat was a mattress that Sherlock knew was stuffed with straw. This was possibly the nicest room John had known despite its small size. It was a far cry from familiar mud floors and rough blankets. But Sherlock endeavored to have future interactions in his own quarters.
John looks between the screen, Sherlock's profile, and the long arm that's resting innocently behind him.
“Fine then,” Sherlock bit out, “but don’t blame me if you return weeping from the atrocious boredom.”
John blinks up at him, piecing together what Sherlock is actually saying. “So, all of this,” he nods his head at the table, at the candles and the shimmering golden fabric, “was to get me relaxed enough to dance?”
But that wasn’t what he’d told Sherlock. He’d told him that he was far too young to truly know his feelings. He had told a young man, who was putting in real effort into making someone proud, that there was no way John could ever take his emotions seriously. He had also said that he didn’t reciprocate those feelings.
“I’m not getting into a carriage with them,” John vehemently swore.
“Wait! You aren’t coming by for lunch?”
The both of them looked reluctant, but visibly conceded. Immediately John said, “They’re both conspirers. They deal in the detestable trading of blackmail and hired thuggery, or contracted murder if need be. They marry under false pretenses and then murder their spouses at the first opportunity. I’m proof enough of that, as they’ve been steadily poisoning me these last few weeks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m only being honest,” Jim protested.
John gasped when he felt Sherlock’s cock twitch inside of him, and he looked up at the prince’s face in sudden curiosity. Sherlock’s eyes were tightly closed, and every muscle was practically rigid in their demand for restraint. The prince’s lips were drawn in a thin line, and John could see a hint of teeth digging into the bottom lip. The sight caused a molten gold tendril of power to curl through John’s abdomen.
“Nothing,” John shouted back. “Only the unmarked jar of loose leaves. I didn’t touch any of the
“What, why?” John stopped aiming.
John looked at the clock. Somehow, sitting on the couch and staring at nothing had caused hours to pass by. Sherlock wouldn’t be getting home until later though. John wondered who he would ask for a ride home. Probably Molly.
“Then it doesn’t bother me. Even poisons can have their practical uses. I believe there’s an entire field of study to their medicinal applications. I believe I can even distinguish a few of your plants for their remedial implementations. Why don’t you show me the rest of it?”
“I discovered it, what does it matter how?” John’s voice boomed in the small space, “Shouldn’t it matter more how you’ve done nothing but lie to me the entire time I’ve known you? That your ‘business partner’ murdered my sister? That you’ve been quick to ensure that everything I say has no real merit, just to hide your crimes?”
“I’m kidding,” Sherlock assured him, “I would only do that if you asked nicely.”
“Well, you got to watch last time, I wanted to perceive the experience myself. Or perhaps I feel pity at your expense, getting into a disagreement with your beloved and all.”
All he wanted to do was to go to Sherlock.
“I mean exactly what I said John. He may be a brilliant man, but when it comes to matters of the heart, our Sherlock is quite dense. He may recognize that you see him as extraordinary, but to his vast and sharp imagination, he can conjure up a multitude of better suitors that would sweep you away from him.”
wanted to melt your wedding rings and paint the molten metal across your fingers. Apparently that was ‘too severe’.”
“You were closer,” was Sherlock’s explanation. John wouldn’t necessarily call him lazy, but he certainly didn’t expend effort unless he had to. He didn’t complain though. Apparently, getting the best foreplay in the world was something Sherlock considered necessary.
John chuckled at that.
John’s breathing hitched. He clutched Sherlock’s bicep to steady himself. He felt the movements of Sherlock’s muscles as he worked him to completion, and that sensation carved spiraling patterns of lust under his skin.
When Sherlock is satisfied, he tosses the garment onto the ground. He slips out the sopping blindfold he'd left in his pocket, and places it over John's eyes. The man tenses, knowing what this means, but he makes no sound. When Sherlock reapplies the catheter, he's much more efficient. Still incredibly delicate and careful, but swifter. John's body is able to accept the invasion a little more easily. Another small victory, Sherlock smirks to himself. When everything is back, he turns off the lights, and leads John away. This time, when John knows how the night's going to end, he doesn't even stop walking. He just walks in stride with Sherlock. And the criminal knows it isn't defiance, or stubbornness that makes him walk in step. It's resignation. Sheer joy spreads through Sherlock's limbs, and he considers bringing John to bed proper. But, no. John's close, so wonderfully close. But he still has a bit to go before he's ready.
Regardless of how it was started, John needed to put an end to it. Otherwise, Sherlock’s need for control would consume the both of them until only ashes of their relationship remained.
“Uhm,” John broke the silence.
It takes him a few seconds of hesitation for him to realize why his chair is missing. Now, unless he wants to sit on the floor or the bed, he has no choice but to sit next to Sherlock.
His thirst grew and grew, until John was terrified that Sherlock was going to leave him in here just to suffer and die. He tried to scream, but a choked cough was the only thing he could manage. Each new trickle of sweat was him mentally cataloging how much inner reserves he had left before dehydration kicked in. Then, mercifully, a tiny door with an outward hinge opened. No light was admitted inside. Whatever world was outside of his cage, it was dark as well.
John’s nerves were eventually going to abandon ship if they kept getting tossed around like this. “I—what?”
“Oh my god.”
The question dies in his mind when he feels Sherlock behind him. Those long fingers slide their way up behind the small band of elastic around John’s head. Careful not to get any hairs caught, Sherlock slips it off.
"John, it's alright," Sherlock says, in a voice that is clinically soothing, "you didn't hurt me. It's alright."
When they arrive at their home, John waits with Sherlock until the guard opens the door. It isn’t as though he’s going to try and run after all this time, but demonstrating restraint always endears Sherlock to him. The man loves to see how far he can push before John’s tight control cracks under pressure.
John was going to kill Sherlock for this.
Sherlock places a grounding hand on his shoulder, and John breathes again. This time, Sherlock does help to guide him back into the cage. Each step is slow and careful, and eventually, after much wincing and soft gasps, John is lying again on his back. John waits for the door to shut, ready to be thrust back into his mind again. But nothing happens. There is no clang of steel, and John begins to get fidgety.
He seemed to almost skip to John, beaming as if he had just been pronounced the new king of Britain. “Have you had breakfast? I didn’t mean to leave you this morning, I had some affairs to take care of.”
Despite the stupidity of the gesture, John turned his back as he walked out of the meadow. No claws tore at his flesh. There was just the sound of rushing wind and a deafening roar of rage and anguish. His heart broke a little more when he heard wings fly towards the mountaintops.
Sherlock looks at him sharply enough that John braces himself for another hit. Instead, Sherlock rises from his seat beside John and leaves the room. John can hear the usual noises of Sherlock fumbling around in the kitchen. It gives him enough time to come up with a few dozen worst case scenarios of what Sherlock is searching for.
John remembered being with Sherlock, entertaining him for tea at his own house, when he’d received the urgent telegram. Sherlock had been there the whole time, a stalwart presence at his side, as they’d pulled back the sheet to reveal his sister’s cleaned face. Through the humming buzz of disbelief, he’d heard them use the phrase ‘excessive whiskey consumption’. He’d believed them. Like a damned fool, he’d believed them. His sister used to hit the bottle hard whether occasion called for it or not.
But John feels that if he looks at him now, there will be a disappointed accusation in his gaze. So he slumps into his seat, and pulls out his notebook, ready for the lesson to begin. During the lecture, he never once looks up from his notes, even to answer a question addressed to the class. He usually jumps on an opportunity to impress the man, but he keeps staring dejectedly at his paper.
Before Sherlock could even outstretch his arms for him, John backed away. “Get away from me!” he shouted, “Don’t you dare touch me!”
“Oh, right,” John said. It turned his stomach that Sherlock’s bar was set to ‘tolerated’ in terms of social expectations. “You also keep referring to him in past tense. What happened there?” John’s tone was light enough that Sherlock could wave away the question and it would be an acceptable response.
Sherlock's eyes flash with something that's gone too quickly for John to identify. The tall man leans down and forward, until their foreheads are near to touching. John's tempo only fractionally skips. "You wouldn't," the air brushes intimately across John's face, "I know you John. More than you can comprehend. You hate to lose."
“So our Sherlock has some mental possession in the matter. Fine. However, I am the one who put research into the venture. I did a great deal of dirty work, and I
Sebastian is silent for a few seconds, but he continues. "If you don't want him to go mad, I'd suggest pulling him out after two days. Any longer and who knows what he'll be scared of."
“If you’ve had enough here, I’d like to go back home,” Sherlock continued to speak into John’s ear. His hand left John’s shoulder, to trail down and place itself on top of John’s hip.
“Ah, good, you understand then,” Sherlock said in a genial tone, “it’s so much more tedious when I have to unnecessarily explain myself.” The prince reached up to his own neck to begin loosening his collar, but the serf’s exclamation made him stop.
John chokes again, drool falling in small rivulets down his chin. He tries to breathe through his nose, but it's forced back out of him when Sherlock continues to piston. Remarkably, John can't seem to get enough of it. He gurgles, the cock pulling almost entirely out of his mouth before reentering. John laves his tongue over the prick, trying to get more stimulation in his mouth. The more Sherlock moves, the less pain he feels. Instead, it seems to travel down to his stomach, to pool and trickle into his crotch. And yes, John checks with one hand, he's very, very hard. He moans when he paws himself through his jeans, and Sherlock comes suddenly from the vibration.
John knocked on the front door, only because the handle didn’t turn over when he’d tried it. Silently, he hoped Sherlock would appear soon. He didn’t want time to deliberate his choices. He needed this like he needed salve to a fresh burn.
"You want him to escape just so I can catch him again. Make him see that I can find him anywhere," Sherlock caught Jim's expectant gaze, "That's not all. Then what...ah. Give him a glimpse of the network."
John's about to give an angry retort, but Sherlock harshly pulls on the sensitive nubs and John cries out. "Hm," Sherlock says, "apparently you're not that adverse to rough play." John breathes, and he can feel his cock beginning to stiffen. John really hates biology.
“I wanted to make you happy.”
Mycroft held up his hand in a placating gesture. “No. I am only stating a fact. I am not even asking for a daily update. Merely…if you notice something amiss, please inform me. I think you’ll find that, if he does slip, you’ll need all the resources you can get.”
John arched up, gripping Sherlock’s arm to anchor himself. The satisfied rumble returned, and John could feel it echoing inside of him. Even with John’s thorough preparation, Sherlock’s size always meant they had to slowly proceed. By the time Sherlock’s hips were fully flushed against John’s backside, the man was a sweating and quivering mess.
“What did you go see?” Mary asked as she stood awkwardly in the living room. A lifetime ago, John wouldn’t have fathomed wanting to experience something new without her there to share it. Now she would never know what the stars looked like on a raised hill in the middle of nowhere.
“You can teach me later,” Sherlock said, “for now, jump into the bushes.”
“I genuinely don’t know what to do John,” Sherlock confessed, “I find myself jealous of the one man who has been my constant companion, even if I am aware I have nothing to fear. Expressing my displeasure is upsetting to you and yet I can’t seem to stop. No matter the length of time, whenever he tears your attention from me, I feel a blistering rage I have not felt since I was young and petty. Asking for your sole attention is unforgivably selfish of me, I know this, but it is all I can think of. What am I meant to do in order to please both sides?”
“I’m curious as to why you’d request another dalliance so soon,” Sherlock confessed, “you’re aware that we’ll have to lengthen the time in between the next one to assuage suspicion.”
“Sure Sherlock,” John nodded, “that sounds great--”
John just stares in shock across the table. He eventually looks down at his plate of food and weighs the petty satisfaction of throwing it at Sherlock’s face over being able to walk for a week. In the end, the growl of his stomach decides for him, and he breaks off a leg of the chicken with a loud snap.
“She was a drunk who was watching her only friend in the world be taken away from her. And when her words could not dissuade you from me, nor could her threats drive Moriarty and I away, she turned to the one thing she had left.”
A few hours ago his heart had been beyond his control. Palpitating with incomprehensible dread. Now it provided a steady rhythm to set his steps.
The establishment was a welcome reprieve from the outdoors, and the boisterous noises of other people engaged in discourse raised John’s hopes of finding a person with fellow interests. The bar was crowded, but John managed to maneuver his way through and asked for a pint. The keeper looked at John’s tailored coat and took his coin while asking, “Where do you hail from stranger?”
His hand reached for the knob as the voices screeched at him.
Most had been miffed, but a few were amused by his stipulations. After a lot of shouting and talking over one another, John chose the best ones. The three questions went, “Did you know anything about the gang beforehand? Did you have a plan after entering the warehouse? Was Sherlock Holmes really the one who organized their downfall?”
John’s overtaxed body is shuddering. He’s reeling from the rush of endorphins; the release from the severe pain he’s been put through over and over again this night.
capitulate every time he looked miserable.
A few swiveled their heads to look towards him, the others were too panicked to truly comprehend what was happening. Sherlock tasted that intoxicating scent that had emanated from his brother not too long ago. It swept around him like a cloud, and he shivered when it left icy trails across his skin.
After his session with John, Sherlock felt relaxed and sated enough to sleep in his rooms.
The idea that John still didn’t understand that this would be more than a single occurrence angered Sherlock. But he repressed his annoyance. John would find out what was in store for him soon enough.
Sherlock rolled his hips, rubbing his hard length against John’s walls. John cursed, digging his nails into Sherlock’s flesh even while the dragon barely felt it. Unable to move because of the dragon’s weight, John could only continue to pant and shake from sensation.
"Sherlock, calm down." John's voice is calm, assertive. "I think I know who's after you, so I'll buzz you in and we can sort this out alright?" John thinks it's Mycroft, which is excellent and not entirely untrue. But Sherlock needs him outside and coming up to the flat will take too much time. He has approximately four minutes if they called the police. Six if they called Mycroft.
John digs down with his freed feet, trying to get away from the punishing twists. But it still persists, and the combined heat of his body and Sherlock's breath is too much. He needs more. He needs less. He needs this to
“Fucking shit,” John said softly to empty air. The room was too furnished for it to echo. Still, he felt like was speaking in a desolate cavern, where nothing but his own thoughts and words could fill the spaces.
He marched out the door, passing by Jim who was bouncing on his heels and grinning at Sherlock with glee. John would have withdrawn his agreement to the game at the petty display, but he had a point to make.
, but John can't stop now. John bends, resting his hands on his knees for a tiny moment. He hears the tires screech to a halt, and the man shouting for him.
Confidence boosts John's bravery, and he turns to Sherlock's ear and utters, "Because you don't like to play with broken toys." Everything goes very, very quiet.
“I really did behave like a berk last night. And you deserve better than that. A lot better. Even if it’s worth nothing to you now, I’m sorry.”
Sherlock shrugs, “Food will be available. Whether you eat or not is your choice. And don’t feel disconcerted about the setting. The cadavers have been removed from this room.” Sherlock walked over to the table during this, and pulled back a chair. It took John a few slow seconds to realize what he was doing.
John shimmies over to the other side of the bed to make way for Sherlock. Sherlock couldn’t care less which side of the bed he takes, but John enjoys any opportunity at routine that he can find.
John flushed, and looked down at his coat. Sherlock stepped up beside him to say, “There’s nothing on you John, he’s only being crass.”
John jerks away strongly, blind fear making him fight where ingrained instincts would have told him to lie still. But his leg just jerks against the restraints and his other twitches uselessly in Sherlock’s grip. He can’t even feel his arms anymore but he mindlessly rolls his shoulders to try and push himself up and away. The instinct to flee and prevent this mortification is too great for rationality, but Sherlock just uses his weight to pin John in place. His thrusts pick up in speed and his breath comes out in ragged pants.
But the paranoia doesn't go away. And John was a soldier and a doctor. He's trusted his instincts since he learned what the word meant. Also, it's probably a big indicator that he's up shit creek since they're turning back around. John glances at the guy from his peripherals, and catches him about to lock the doors. That would be clue number two.
“Oh do I really need to spell it out?” Sherlock waved his hands at the screen, which indicated it was the whole of the matter and not a portion. “The acting is awful, the effects are laughable, the plot is contrived, and the score is simplistic! How could you possibly like this?”
He would be happier sleeping closer to John, even in the same bed, which he had never desired from his previous partners. He reminded himself that John was just a quick elevator ride away. Before long, John would eagerly join him in bed if it made Sherlock happy. Those hopeful thoughts drifted him away into the deepest sleep he'd had in ages.
John had been pushing for an evening out for some time. He's allowed to go on walks alone now, but the recently implanted chip in his shoulder takes away all pretense of privacy. He's allowed time at the park, and getting food for the flat. But there is always a certain length he is supposed to be out, and any deviation from his usual path results in the agreed upon penalties. Straying from his routine would be breaking their deal after all. The one that Sherlock insists is so
What John wanted to do was have time to himself, go over everything that had happened, and wallow in his self-pity until he could muster up an idea of how to fix this train wreck of a situation.
John frowned and was ready to press for details before Sherlock waved away any potential questions. “It doesn’t matter. Are you going to accompany me to the shop or did you just want to give me your card?”
“I also see,” John sighed in frustration, “well, I don’t precisely see anything. They’re more like glimpses or a strong feeling. Skeletal creatures, swirling masses of blackness, and…heat.” John fidgeted, hoping he wasn’t blushing. Having described such gruesome images, he felt that alluding to the strange bouts of arousal indicated a depravity far uglier than anything John had seen.
John’s nipples ached in the cool air. He couldn’t let his hands simply grip sheets anymore. One plucked and rubbed at a hard nub, the other traveled down to his cock, which was twitching against his belly.
Sherlock continues to rub his thumb against a small patch of John’s skin. He entertains the thought of John being smeared by his fingerprints until he glimmers with dermal oils like a polished stone. He hears John’s heartbeat and breathing smooth into the regular pattern of his sleep, quietly marveling at the exceptional success this night turned out to be.
John realized this was the first time he’d heard about Molly’s aspirations, and felt guilty for it. He’d been so caught up in his own problems that he’d never stopped to find out more about his coworker.
John’s throat vibrated against Sherlock’s wrist from his groan. Sherlock felt John try to move out of his grip, but he only gripped tighter.
. If you need to be punished to remind you of this, so be it.” Sherlock’s maw moved towards John’s legs.
His eyes close and his head falls back, unable to look at the tiny peek of metal any longer. Sherlock is apparently satisfied, as he says nothing.
He’s so close that he couldn’t stop from climaxing if someone ordered him to.
So when a rail-thin teenager came waltzing in holding a red soaked tissue up to his face, and a deep bruise quickly swelling his left eye, John hoped that no one would blame him for being so startled.
A deep laugh rumbled against his chest. He felt a hot tongue travel across his collarbone. John shivered. This would mark the first time they’d been together since John had left home. The past few days had not been the best time to engage in heated bonding.
The man chuckles, and quickly moves back up to John's lips. His hand gets lost in John's short hair, while the other moves hastily over his zip. He pulls down, and releases his cock into the cool air. Sherlock moans into John's mouth, and he grips them together in his fists.
With his fingers digging bruises into John’s hips, Sherlock continued to piston in and out of him. The sound of their flesh slapping together filled the room. Sherlock wondered if the tiny speaker would be able to catch all of the noises. It certainly wouldn’t do justice in gathering the minute details of John’s attempt to shout in pleasure while being completely without air, but it would try.
“I decided, during my foray into vices, to limit them to just the one,” Sherlock smirked over his glass. “I thought alcoholism on top of everything else might be pushing it a little.”
“Too many,” Mycroft confessed. “And in nearly every one, you become something that I no longer recognize.”
John hears a door click open, and he’s being softly pushed into a room with…
“Yeah, only the ones that come in for check-ups. You know, nothing innately vulnerable about getting consulted by a doctor or anything,” John defaulted to a sarcastic tone, because he had no other recourse. There were no words for how much he did not want to have this conversation.
“Even if we do get tired,” Jim said, “there’s always the next night. And the following, and the one after, and so on.”
Sherlock wasn’t looking at John as he said these things. He was randomly snapping at the air around him, as if any minute a thousand silk spiders would descend to wrap John in webbing and keeping him forever covered. John’s heart beat as fast as the day he had first seen Sherlock in the clearing.
It pushed inward. John inhaled and exhaled deeply. If his breaths came out a little shaky, Sherlock was kind enough not to ask if he was alright. Slowly, Sherlock thrusted the singular digit in and out.
Sherlock sighs, and rolls his eyes slightly. Honestly, a little cooperation wouldn't go amiss. He roughly pushes John down until he's flat on his stomach, then grabs one ankle and reaches for the restraints attached to the end of the bed. He tightly buckles one foot to the post, then goes to the other. The whole time, John has been too caught up in his turmoil to even realize he's been immobilized even further. Soon, John's completely buckled down, and can't get the leverage needed to even bring up his midsection.
John gasps when Sherlock moves on to his neck, arches in just the right way for better access. Sherlock sucks at a particularly sensitive spot, and John grips Sherlock’s shoulders for stability. He pretends that he’s imagining clawing into that pale back, and not trying to find a steady anchor.
“C-constable,” Molly said after visibly drawing herself up. “I run the apothecary, and Mr. Watson-Hol, I mean, Mr. Watson told me the same thing. He said that he required my specialty most urgently when he woke up.”
“You know, I’ve never had sex with a celebrity before,” she grinned at him. John grinned back.
He felt Sherlock shift around, and thought he was going to go back to driving John mad. Instead, he said something a bit more insistently, because John hadn’t heard him the first time.
They morphed like wet clay, no one looking exactly alike in the clusters spilling from the crimson vines. Their voices rose as one tinny chorus, “It is better than going back.”
That seemed to establish their truce. The delivery man did manage to get a selfie with John while Sherlock hid somewhere in the house.
The spoon is placed gently back against his lips, and John swallows the mouthful greedily. It's regular oatmeal, but there's hints of honey and chunks of walnuts for protein. At this point, John wouldn't care if it was cat food as long as it filled up his belly. Bite by bite, the weariness subsides, and John feels a little more human. Trapped, caged, and imprisoned, but human. He hears the spoon scraping the bowl for the last bite, and John lets it rest for a bit on his tongue before swallowing.
An unbidden thought shot through him. The image of using the same spoon to take another bite of his unfinished dessert. To wrap his own lips around the used metal, to trace his tongue where Sherlock’s had been.
Sherlock pats his hip in satisfaction, right over where his initials are burned into John’s skin. He goes back to pulling the rest of the metal out, watching John’s skin shiver in restraint.
"You really don't want me to repeat myself at this point John."
“An undercover addict, that’s how he infiltrated their ranks, correct?” He didn’t wait for John’s confirmation, “It was, I am afraid, less of an act and more of a performed memory.”
“Is your vocabulary restricted to one word inquisitive sentences? You were clearly about to assist me in getting food. I was expediting the process.”
John personally thought that was more saccharine than poetic, but he held his tongue. For the rest of the evening, they enjoyed their mended kinship and a good game of cards.
Without fail, everything would be going amiably until John introduced himself. Then everyone would stammer, vehemently thank Holmes and Moriarty despite them not being in the room, offer to buy John another drink, and then either leave or offer stilted conversation.
Without thinking, without waiting for his mind to catch up to his body and tell him what an idiot he is, John unbuckles and launches himself out of the car, rolling and ducking. He'd gotten fucking lucky. The car had been turning when John catapulted himself, so the speed was a hell of a lot less than it could have been.
"Loud and clear darling." The voice is jovial, but there is a tone of seriousness that lets Sherlock know he will adhere to this agreement. "Have fun!" He hangs up, knowing Sherlock hates not getting the last word.
John was still unsure, but felt it would be rude to turn down the offer. “Cheers, then,” he said, lifting his original glass and drinking from it. He went to find another place to make conversation, away from the ones who’d been looking at him from their peripherals the whole time.
John laughed, “Well what I be doing your cavern while you were away? I can’t idle my time just waiting for your return.”
John knows that there’s nothing wrong with being acclimated to something that you’ve been subjected to for a whole year. But some tiny part of himself always manages to worry at how easily his body relaxes to Sherlock’s touch.
Some are deep, some shallow. Some are recognizable knife wounds, while others are made from various burns. John can barely make out the initials JM. It's John's education as a doctor that allows him to recognize multiple breaks in the man's fingers. Most of them have been reset properly, except for his right index finger. It's completely missing.
They arrived at the scene, and Sherlock got out of his cab before Lestrade could even turn off the ignition. The cabbie loudly protested his unpaid departure, before Sherlock tossed a fifty note in his face.
The down side is that, by virtue of affecting a witch willing to commit to dark magic in the first place, they’ll often have a visage spell handy. Or at the very least be quite excellent with a makeup brush.
Since John rarely indulged in sentimental statements, even while fully rational, he decided to communicate his thoughts the best way he knew how.
John wondered if Sherlock’s hand felt colder too. That seemed an odd question to ask, so he didn’t say anything.
The crack resounds like gunfire. John reels back, letting go of the sheet and it falls silently down the steps. The tan brown skin is free for Sherlock to inspect, but he's too busy reaching.
Jim was there, as he had often been there in more recent days, drinking coffee while reading the newspaper. The sight of the black liquid brought to mind a coffee that had tasted oddly floral. One that had shared a similar taste with a tea served over celebration and intense discussion.
Sherlock didn’t even know he had raised his hand until he could see his fingernails--No, his mind whispered, claws—steadily turn black like ink spreading across paper. He twisted his hand, and all six men suddenly froze.
‘Royalness’ wasn’t a word. Sherlock was about to comment on it until he realized that John had fallen asleep. To distract himself from the certainty of hundreds of mice living in their scratchy abomination of a sleeping place, Sherlock traced absent patterns on John’s back.
“This is all very flattering, but could you please get the lubricant before I rupture something from restraint? It’s in the nightstand drawer.”
"I'd only break it," he explains, sounding rather put out about that fact.
Sherlock skipped ahead a bit, to where he delivered his little peace offering. Sherlock cursed himself a little bit. It was stupid of him to not at least put a hidden camera in the bathroom. He desperately wished to see what it was like to watch John fight against himself, but what was done was done. A few minutes passed and John continued to stay behind the curtain. Sherlock started considering taking that thing down if John was going to abuse the privilege.
“Oh shush with that,” Jim said, “feel him yourself.” He grabbed Sherlock’s hand before he could pull away and pushed a pale finger in beside his.
Sherlock looked up from his prone position on John's belly. The doctor's face was twisted to the side, eyes screwed shut against the small pinpricks of desire from Sherlock's mouth. His hands were in fists by his sides, and John's blatant refusal against the pleasure brought to him was the most arousing sight Sherlock had seen. John visibly relaxed when Sherlock stopped his onslaught, but he didn't open his eyes.
Jim’s lips thinned in response, but he nodded.
It’s John’s turn to snort, “Don’t be a prat.” He leans over to kiss Sherlock on the cheek. When he pulls away, he’s smiling so softly that Sherlock’s heart feels crushed.
“I don’t enjoy leaving very much either,” John admitted, “but it’s what I have to do Sherlock.” He was needed in his village. He may not be required to hold a sword, but his community appreciated him more for his skills with threaded sinew and a bone needle.
blathering. Trying to bargain and plead his way to freedom now that he's lost the game. How dull.
from Sherlock. He wanted to prove to himself, just once, that he can function like a civilized human being without Sherlock crowding his shadow.
John can't stop the small feeling of gratefulness at the sight. Maybe he can actually get some decent sleep tonight. Fear spikes in his heart. Is he seriously concerned about his sleep patterns after being...(call a spade a spade) raped again? John sits on the couch, numb.
“I’m a free person. I fought for that. I bled for it. I won’t have that taken away, no matter the intentions or how much I care for the person responsible.”
John twitched, instincts begging him for air. His lungs burned and his head felt swollen. Before blacking out, Sherlock leaned down between them and kissed him through the hand covering his mouth. Watching John slip below, pressing against him and feeling the last gasp for breath on his palm, was too much and Sherlock shuddered through his climax. His seed spilled over John's chest and stomach. Sherlock rubbed it into John's skin while removing his hand from John's mouth. Sherlock's forehead touched John's, panting for stability.
One day, Sherlock was apparently tired of craning his head down to John in order to look him in the eye. While John was talking, he folded his wings over himself, and smoothed them down like pulling down blankets.
It's strangled and choked, close to muffled by the stick. John bites down hard enough to send aches up his jaw, and he hears the bed creaking from his grip. Then Sherlock pulls away, and somehow that's worse. Now it's spreading from the concentrated area of his hip, to his entire lower half. He can feel it traveling up his nerves, his body screaming at him to move, to get away from the source of agony. The charred meat smell nearly makes him vomit, but he chokes it down before it reaches his mouth. He chants Harry over and over again in his mind. Despair stops his litany when Sherlock says, "That's one line down. You're doing admirably John."
The top of it is a little far from the roof, so he jumps up, and pulls himself onto the top. Here, he can see directly into the alleyway. A perfect place to be to literally get the drop on someone.
John narrowed his eyes in the direction of the closest one, situated next to the only door. Honestly, the only way he could tell a door even existed was the faint outline in the white paint. What John wanted to do was spit out some rather unkind words about Sherlock and an adventurously placed cactus, but he refrained. He was sure it would be wasted breath, even if the cameras did transmit sound. Once again he pulled at the bonds, straining against them in earnest. He certainly wouldn't fault himself for trying.
“Doctor John Watson, I presume?”
“Sherlock, if I’m the best man that you’ve ever met, then I’m afraid that’s a result of your small reference pool. It doesn’t mean you have feelings for me.”
Sherlock's tongue darts out from his mouth. He laves a pattern from John's collarbone down to his nipple, where he begins to suck softly. John's head hits the pillow, arching up into the sensation. He closes his eyes again, letting his mind and body drift in the pleasure. Slowly, Sherlock's tongue circles the hardening nub.
John felt long talons encircle his torso. For a moment, he was sweepingly weightless until they curled close. He was pulled up to lessen the lash of his recoil. John gripped a claw for stability. He felt as though his stomach was still plummeting to the ground. As he was flown further into the cave, his stunned state wore away.
“…You will know soon John. We are here.”
Sherlock’s thumb flicks over John’s nipple, bringing him back to the present. Sherlock smirks at John’s gasp, and moves down towards the ankle restraints at the foot of the bed. John shifts around a little bit to get his opened shirt bunched underneath his back, so his pinned arms won’t be dreadfully pinched whenever this is over.
John wasn’t a fool; he knew that both his body and his virginity were extremely marketable. Even before coming to the city, with its brothels and profitable morals, his father had more than once threatened to sell him to the highest bidder if he didn’t earn his keep in their house.
John’s thumb traced over a plump bottom lip, and he cleared his throat even though he hated to break the moment. “How, uh, how should we do this?”
He stormed out before Sherlock could retort or apologize. He was not in the mood to hear either. Since his husband and his friend would not hear his plea, then it was left to him to discover the truth for himself.
As the time ticked by, he suspected that his grinding impatience would pulp his insides. Still, John held his ground, and waited for the perfect moment to provide a distraction or for Sherlock to give some kind of signal.
When Sherlock’s eyes finally registered the scene, in every crystalline detail, he felt the same calm he did when Treblig had arched lightning in the direction of John’s heart.
“Hah,” John huffed, squirming under Sherlock’s hold, “how hypocritical of you.”
John could do this. It was what he had come over for in the first place. He was here to make amends. And the only true way to do that would be to admit that Sherlock was right. Then they could acknowledge it, agree no relationship could be formed, and move on. He just had to say it. He only had to get the words out.
John kept his curse to a mutter, and started taking off in the same direction. This drew the attention of several teenagers.
"Still hunting
“The Himalayas,” Sherlock ground out.
He waited to make sure the man really was done babbling, and answered, "I glide. On wind currents. Which, by the way, are dodgier than you'd imagine so you're damned lucky that there's usually a strong draft up there otherwise we'd both be dead." John's hand lifted, like he was gearing up to poke Sherlock in the chest. But that would only end up doing far more damage than was worth it, so her lowered his hand again.
John wished he could turn his head to look at Sherlock, but he needed to pay attention to the road. “It’s nothing, Sherlock, really.”
John doesn’t make any sort of hatefully redundant comment about the ‘bloody awful’ weather, which Sherlock is immensely grateful for. Instead John asks, “See anything new?”
John's so preoccupied with his stretched jaw and abused arse that he doesn't hear Sherlock unzip his trousers. He does sense a shift though. A charge that flows through the air around him. Sherlock's presence is gone and returned in an instant. He's straddling John's chest, and this time hard flesh is what enters his mouth.
Sherlock huffs in irritation, "Less so than a being with wings and talons. Your skin is fortunately similar to someone who has been abroad in a warm climate for some time. If it were something more...exotic, we may have had a harder time of it."
Sherlock scanned the room, looking for the sister that had doubtlessly come with him. A girl with straw hair and arms as strong as her brother’s was attempting to look unassuming against the wall. Her neck craned as she tried to see over the nobles that circled the space of floor meant for visiting speakers.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in,” one of the card players sneered. He stood up, and John recognized him as one of the students. Clearly, this was the one that had given Sherlock the drugs, and quite possibly had intended for him to die from an overdose.
Sherlock slides the belt off in a soft hiss, and drops his pants and underwear in one push. He steps out of the clothes, his erection flushed and straining in the air. John's gulp is audible to all of them, and he reaches out a hand to the hard flesh.
Any casualties have been either accidents or self-defense. Last night was proof enough of that. You could have easily dispersed of all of those men, yet you only killed one. The rest are in the hospital, some in critical condition, but more than likely they will survive. So you don’t impart final judgment, you don’t think that’s your place. But why? Why go to such lengths to spare the lives of worthless men?
He ignores the way the rain pelts a little harder when he sits next to his friend, like a nagging relative that accuses him of not being good enough for John.
Soon his path was blocked by a felled tree. Inching up cautiously, he peered over the edge.
“Sherlock will go back to being the devoted husband, and me, the compassionate friend,” Jim’s voice belonged to the snake of Eden, tempting and dark. “You can always try to tell people what’s occurred, but I wonder if you could ever confess to the way we ravish you every night. You didn’t before, when you were trying your best to get rid of us.”
“Small updates,” John conceded. He refused to look up and see Mycroft’s smug face. “And I’m not keeping this from him,” John said with a tone that did not allow for bartering.
He wasn't sure why he did that. Obviously John couldn't hear him. But it still filled him with warmth as he went off to work.
John suddenly realizes that these are the first words Sherlock has spoken since he first handed him a glass of water.
It'd been a pain figuring out what position was ideal. The squirming became a bit dull after a while. This way, Sherlock has complete access to every part of a person's anatomy, and they can't move to disrupt him.
Tiny doubt still lurks in the back of his mind, and the threat of John biting down sends a shock of thrill down his spine. But John doesn't bite down. He opens his mouth wider, letting Sherlock have as much access as he wants. And that's better. That's so much
After that it’s more tedium. Sherlock has to add rose hips to John’s tea when he isn’t looking, rub pink quartz over John’s clothes when he’s out, and sprinkle cinnamon over his food. Of course these things by themselves wouldn’t work, so Sherlock has to whisper and weave intent to each and every ingredient every single time. If he closes his eyes he can see the runes of ‘attachment’, ‘affection’, and ‘desire’ burning in purpose behind his eyelids.
Jim grinned at Sherlock. John was reminded of a picture he’d seen of the braying animals deemed hyenas. Jim left without a word.
“For the love of God Sherlock, I can understand your disregard for others even if I don’t approve of it. Lord knows you were right to distrust my presence in the village, but I would be amongst peers! Fellow men and women with ambitions of medicinal advancement! I’d hardly be in want for conversation or company in such an environment, so why are you so-”
All was still silent within the halls. John’s footsteps padded softly along the carpet, unable to take the early night’s careful tread. He hoped the rush of blood to his limbs from anxiety and exertion dispelled all lingering cold. It would not do to have Sherlock question why his husband was practically frozen if he’d been asleep under their blankets.
John sat alone, worried for the impossibly brilliant boy, anxious to have this over with, and warring with a lovely internal cocktail of exhaustion and unspent adrenaline. He was also more at home in his own skin than he’d ever been since he had stepped off of that plane and back onto English soil.
“Don’t,” Sherlock sliced through the jumbled knot of John’s words. “Just—stop, and get out.”
He looked at John, expecting to see awe and wonder. John was half-standing, and should have been wincing at the pressure that should have put on new wounds. Instead he was staring at Sherlock, eyes wide, covered in the gore of the filthy and the unworthy.
Then he heard his name. At first, he thought the wind had picked up outside, but the hollow sound shaped vowels into something discernible.
Sherlock glances back at John. He relishes in the pleading request from his good doctor. So desperate to save those he deems worthy. Well, John did say please, and good behavior deserves a reward. Sherlock nods curtly, "Very well John."
It was hard to choose between chiding Sherlock or doubling over in laughter. Eventually, John had accumulated enough that Sherlock could get by for a few weeks without pilfering through other people’s cabinets. He drew a line at cooking for the boy.
“Fine then,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “but that only gets called into question if you’re caught.”
She crumbled away like coal dust, drifting across the floorboards towards John’s feet. He pulled them away like a child scared of a monster under their bed. An unfelt breeze lifted it from the floor, and the shape of a hand touched his face one final time before it seeped out the cracks of his shuttered window.
“Down, down with the filth is where I am. Down, down with the filth is where I’ll be.”
“Why are you raiding my kitchen?” John was close to throwing his hands up in frustration, “Are you pilfering for groceries because you can’t be asked to do your own shopping?”
It’s enough of a shift that John stops talking to look up in mild confusion. He looks at Sherlock to joke about someone mucking up the playlist, but it lodges in his throat when the man stands up. Sherlock stands beside John’s chair, holding out his hand and looking like confidence was something he invented.
John bites his lip, and nods, even though the man probably can't see it. The door shuts, the lock slides into place. This time without the false hope of light. John's not sure if that's worse or better. He dreams of being under a waterfall.
A warm feeling blooms in Sherlock’s chest that has nothing at all to do with the tea. He’s about to say something that is sure to place his foot firmly inside of his mouth, but the gargoyle speaks first.
It was this inopportune moment that John’s mind decided to replay Sherlock’s words.
Jim's hand doesn't remove itself from the back of John's head. But when John still fails to notice the prick in front of him, he increases the pressure, nudging his attention. John blinks at the floor, and lifts his head back towards his Maths teacher's groin.
Two groans of deep satisfaction mingled together. Sherlock let go of John’s hair after remembering that he was still holding onto it.
Once more he kisses John, then pulls back to pant, "I'll think about the flat, but if you want to go outside, I'm installing you with a GPS chip."
John responded, “No, no, and yes. No further questions.”
Everyone shuffled off to class as soon as the bell rang, and John let his phone ring to voicemails. Molly came in looking a little harried.
A part of John’s mind thought that he should. It would be only logical to lay the matter to rest with his own eyes. All other aspects of his mind and body begged him to flee, because this was exactly what he had wanted ever since the suspicion had rooted in his mind. Which made everything so exceedingly simple to forgive and forget that it could only be yet another deception.
Mr. Jim (which he prefers, though John always says 'sir') cracks a smile. "Not to worry Johnny-boy" John winces at the odd endearment,"you're a clever one. I'm sure you did fine." He winks, and leaves John to his problems. Mathematical and otherwise. John doesn't grip his hair and slam his head onto his desk, but it's a close thing.
John pointedly cleared his throat and Sherlock finally gave a tiny smile back, “Hello. You’re the nurse?”
"You. Are. Mine," Sherlock growls, and he ghosts the words over John's lips. John would be lying if he said that this wasn't having any arousing affect on him. But his body has always had an odd response to danger, and Sherlock's 'training' certainly helps things. Sherlock sees the dilation of his pupils, knows it isn't caused by the dim lighting. Without a warning, Sherlock smashes his lips over John's.
Mycroft’s accusations might as well have been true, from how thoroughly John had fucked up their relationship.
He wolfed down the food, but when it came time to wash it down, he hesitated. The drink was in a decanter and not a teapot, and when he poured it out it appeared as nothing more than clear water. John felt relief soften the lines of his shoulders.
"Oh really? 'Completely anonymous?' 'There won't be a paper trail?'. Is that ringing any bells in your thick skull John?" The soldier feels a chill run down his spine when Mary's kind words are thrown back at him. He searches his memory, but he doesn't remember anyone that could have been close enough to hear all of that. In his hysteric panic, John thinks of how this madman's henchmen are better equipped than his squadron had ever dared to hope.
Sherlock scoffed his doubt aloud. He seemed ready to delve further into the subject before Moriarty strode through the door.
John's abruptly stopped laughing. He's stone serious now, just staring Sherlock in the eye.
Satisfied and smiling, Sherlock leaned back down to kiss him. When John was again breathless, Sherlock moved back towards his neck.
They sit in silence until John’s finished. When the man looks up from his plate, it’s to find Sherlock staring at him with most of his bird still intact.
Sherlock's hand leaves John's prick to go back to his nipples. He pinches and twists, watching John's chest heave with glee. Apparently, John had been so lost that he hadn't even noticed the ring slip on. Because now he looks almost confused, knowing that time and this intense arousal should have made him come by now. John figures it out, of course, and he lets out a shout of frustration.
"I need to know, John," the voice has an edge of desperation, and he grips John's shoulder in a way that's slightly painful. John doesn't even flinch.
“And here I thought you were just trying to be modest.”
This is an act of sexual aggression. There is no undercurrent of tenderness in the drag of John’s wounds across the thread count, in the dig of Sherlock’s fingers at the dip of his hip, or the way Sherlock is laying a claim to him through his stiff cock and the deep bites to his shoulder and nape.
He hears the tell-tale signs of Sherlock experimenting in the kitchen. He walks down the hallway to breakfast, bracing himself for anything Sherlock has to say. When he enters the kitchen, the man is stooped over his microscope, looking at something or another. Usually he keeps those things upstairs in his lab, but Sherlock is prone to bouts of laziness, so he keeps one down here in case he doesn't feel like climbing the stairs.
John looked up in surprise at the man and pushed it away saying, “Oh, no, I only wanted the one.”
The thought of stopping it crossed John’s mind. He hadn’t forgiven Sherlock for his transgressions, and writhing together atop a pile of stolen blankets and pillows was an image that curdled his blood. Then he remembered the easy way the thick fabric had parted for Sherlock’s claws. All because the silk had hidden John’s skin away from him. John released a shuddering breath that the dragon mistook for eagerness.
The paper rustled in Sherlock’s hand as he suddenly busied himself with smoothing out its creases. He carefully watched each fold, and didn’t look at John as he said, “You know, you don’t have to try and protect me all the time.”
Sherlock called out, “Jump! Now!”
Nothing remained of her in that empty hallway. Not the smell of decay or her raspy sobs. John stood paralyzed, dreading the certainty that his sister was now truly lost to him.
"Oh! Sherly dear!" Jim plastered his hands to his face, concern in his beetle eyes, "Don't fret! That's why I helped you!" Jim came around the desk, and enveloped Sherlock in a tight hug.
“Are you being modest? You? Because you
John’s heart froze, “Why do you ask?” Sherlock couldn’t possibly know his intentions already, could he? John had only just found out about his feelings. Had Sherlock known as soon as John had knocked on the door?
John knew he could never hope to outsmart them. His only hope was that they had underestimated him enough that their lies could be successfully exposed. He cursed himself for not having grabbed the documents when he had the chance, but it was too late for that now. He rode on in the dreadful weather, praying with every part of himself that he would succeed.
He nodded down to the floor, where a few small dark flecks had fluttered onto the carpet. He used John’s distraction to squeeze hard on the joint of his wrist, causing the fingers to open reflexively. The hard earned evidence scattered amongst the fibers.
Sherlock began to feel John push against the hand that trapped him. His small hips thrust upward, growing even more impatient for sensation. Sherlock bit John’s lip harder in retaliation.
Words spill out of John before he can stop them, “Are you sure you know what you’re doing?”
It reminds him suddenly of Christmas' when his Grandmum was alive. She'd make enough to feed several battalions, all of it from scratch. Everything had left him feeling full to a bursting point, but he'd still manage to stuff a few more bites down, just to try everything. In all of his years as a kid, nothing had ever tasted bad in that house.
But there were other avenues. So many endings to this tale. And Sherlock did not fancy being locked away. He did not like the thought of being kept from John.
“Sherlock!” John reprimanded.
Sherlock sighed, pocketing his phone. He didn't grab any supplies, assured that everything he would need would be in the room. Before locking his door behind him, he called out to John, "I'll be back soon."
To reduce the risk of infection, Sherlock places a plastic cover over the scarlet wound, and tapes it down. John will not be able to move comfortably for a while, and neither of them will be able to eat cooked steak without some varying reaction. (John will vomit, Sherlock will be aroused)
Then he heard an unfamiliar gunshot, and a chip of concrete wall broke off behind him. Alright then. So a group of bored kids with an antagonistic view of authority figures, who felt on top of the world due to their intense bout of make-believe, had just come across two people who had the potential to bring it all toppling down, and one of them also owned a gun. Great.
“Which of course leads us to do irrational things,” Moriarty continued without acknowledging John’s sincerity, “such as break into quarantined rooms and steal items that are incredibly dangerous to our health.”
Sherlock huffed, "Nothing to you, maybe."
Sherlock walks with intent, completely ignoring the heated argument between the Sergeant and the Inspector.
He laid like that, counting every one, until he could hear John snoring above him. Sherlock did not have the slightest care over what this position would do to his neck in the morning. Sherlock wondered, for a moment, how he could have ever thought that silence had been comforting. How could he have possibly considered the absence of noise to be a peaceful environment, when Sherlock was surrounded by the soft snores, steady thumps, and shifting weight of his lover?
It was made a bit more bearable by Jim coming by to visit him for long lengths of time. “Had to make sure our residential golden boy was actually mending himself this time,” Moriarty teased, “Sherlock nearly brought the house down when you’d collapsed. I had to make sure I wasn’t about to be in the epicenter of one of his breakdowns again.”
The lens would capture John’s side, but that was all it would be able to see. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to have a full view of John’s face.
"Right, that's enough out of you." John stated, letting the man go so he could fall back onto his rump. While the man whimpered pathetically, John scooped up the gun and trained it on his forehead. "You alright Sherlock?" Johns asked, eyes not even twitching from his sight on the criminal.
"Has anyone ever told you that you are completely without sense?" Sherlock asks numbly. He doesn't think that might have been a cruel barb, he's just struck with the sudden urge to leave so he can make preparations. But again, John defies normalcy by laughing. "Yeah well, I was in Afghanistan." His eyes sparkle when he's smiling at Sherlock like that and Sherlock can't help but grin back. Unknowingly to the both of them, Pickner rolls his eyes while wincing.
Sherlock shudders when John clenches around him. In the aftershocks of orgasm, Sherlock stutters his hips, seats himself fully inside of John with one last thrust, and spills into him.
“I—what do you mean?” John asked, because he wasn’t entirely sure what part he should clarify first.
John rushed to say something before his actions could be interpreted as offensive, “I thought you didn’t care for courtships.”
Leaning against the wall of a shadowed corner of the bar, Sherlock scanned the crowd for a potential one night fling. Hopefully Jim would take the sexual activity for the distraction it was and leave him alone to more important things for a few days. Unfortunately, none of the occupants were even mildly stirring his interest for an encounter that would only last a few hours. The voluptuous redhead at the bar had spotted him earlier and was attempting to seek him out. But she was a bore, just regretting marrying early and hoping to seek as much attention from a handsome stranger as she had when she was single.
They’re certainly not hostile to one another, but the steadfast indifference that they’ve both been feeling for some time cuts almost as deeply. John isn’t sure when this began, but it’s happened all the same.
But John had seen this young man turn his talents from pissing off rich brats to uncovering crime syndicates. He watched Sherlock become proud of his gifts, instead of turning them into a weapon that he used to keep strangers at bay. John wasn’t going to let Sherlock throw all of that away, or waste it on a fanciful crush. That was all this was, John told himself as he balled up his hands, it was just a teenager confusing mentorship with a romance.
He reached the entrance to the greenhouse, and true to Sherlock’s word, the door was padlocked. He had no time to find the gardener and his keys, and then sort out which one of the dozens was the correct one. In his urgency and shock, John’s mind had become white. It was a blank canvas with striking splashes of blood red and deceitful black. Over and over, his discoveries blotted the simple purity of what he had once cherished. He needed to know. He needed to see.
John presses his lips into lines. Sherlock holds his prick steady with one hand, and carefully lines up the rod with the other.
She let him by, and didn’t even bother to brush his arm in greeting or offer him a towel. It was just as well, John wasn’t sure he could take kindness just now.
Jim looked incredibly surprised by that, “Why? You know both Sherlock and I favor logic above sentiment. Just because Sherlock is smitten with you doesn’t mean we place a great deal of emphasis on the fleeting nature of human life.”
He continues thrashing for a short while, pulling on the abused muscle even though the doctor inside of him tells him he will sorely regret it later. He stops when he hears the door click open again. Warm light floods in from the hallway while Sherlock says, "Ah, how forgetful of me."
Sherlock opens this door too, though there's a man in a cheaper suit that had been sliding out of the driver's seat to do just that. It's the odd bulk by his hip that makes John think, 'armored chauffeur'. And maybe Sherlock has been rubbing off on him more than he cares to dwell on.
Sherlock didn’t see how filling up a vacant seat would possibly quell the whispers, but here he was. And by the looks of the quick glances they thought he couldn’t see, he was playing his part well.
His car was the only one left in the lot as he walked out. John leaned against it, and waited for Sherlock to meet up with him. Behind his closed eyes, he tried to reconcile the image of a mourning and desperate Sherlock with the one that tried to build combustibles out of baking ingredients. He also thought of the Sherlock that glowed when he knew he had done something wondrous, and was finally able to share that revelation with someone else.
John always wondered if it was the absence of London, the tedium of snotty teens, or even the sucking silence of a peaceful neighborhood that destroyed their relationship. It was probably all three.
Moriarty raised a dubious eyebrow, while his dark eyes remained concerned, “What did you hear? Good Lord Johnny, you look as though you’ve seen a phantom.”
John doesn't hesitate, "We weren't planning anything."
John turned towards Sherlock to give him his full attention. Would he ever stop being surprised by this boy? “Any good then?”
Sherlock quickly typed out his response. "Lunch, Launceston Place, try anything and I'll launch the North Korean project." That was a bit of an empty threat, he'd already set that into motion. No reason for Mycroft to know that.
The other men laugh at the abuse, jeering him on. The man smiles in a way that is completely repulsive and sneers at her, "No one is going to come running anyway. You're all ours now, and if you're a good little bitch, we might even let you live."
Sherlock opened the door and nearly entered, but aborted the movement to turn it into a swift side step.
Back and forth they went, while the driver gave them odd looks every once in a while. Eventually the words lost meaning, and they just said things to stave off the temptation to sleep. They said nonsense phrases or compliments that had them giggling without reason.
what was in those drugs, freak, and you shouldn’t even be walking.”
Sherlock supposed it was. What would probably make it worse would be the fever and horrific hallucinations. No telling when that would start, but they should leave before the screaming started.
He sighed deeply, and collapsed back onto the pillows, “You are, as always, right. I don’t imagine that I ever entertained the thought of them being more than nightmares. I simply…wanted a reason for their existence besides my own weakness.”
The roughened tissue tingles from the rubbing.  Slowly, John pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s grip, and it’s a dull surprise when Sherlock lets him. John was more shocked from this confession than he realized, as their desserts are waiting beside them. It’s so artistically crafted that it’s almost a shame to eat it.
He looked down at himself, casual dress slacks and a bland colored jumper. His work clothes were meant to be as professional and unobtrusive as possible. John decided it really was a better idea to change. There was nothing wrong with that. He was allowed to look more like a human and less like he was trying to be the physical embodiment of plain toast.
John had to concentrate before he could unclench his jaw.
John thinks that the reverence will stop there, but he's quickly proven wrong once again when Sherlock brings his raw wrist to that lush mouth. With a tentative lick, Sherlock tastes the lingering salt and slight copper taste. He's roughly reminded of the bite mark John still has on his shoulder. It's all he can do not to bite down to give a matching one on the tender skin.
Sherlock tilts his head at John, tapping lightly on the top of his dick. He smiles in understanding at the desperate furrow of John’s brow. Sherlock decides he won’t try to push for John’s pleads, not this time. John’s begging may be their modus operandi, but letting John have these little victories means it is all the more devastating when he rips them away at a later date.
Moriarty had mentioned at the beginning, that Sherlock would never allow for John to imbibe something he knew to be dangerous. Perhaps his husband was unaware of the adverse reactions of memory loss and hazy nightmares. If he wasn’t, John was sure he would take his concerns more seriously than Jim had.
Soon the plants grew fat with his essence. They seared with a stolen heat against his cooling skin. The evidence of their gluttony bulged unseemly in sparse sections, until the tops split open like a sliced stomach. Dozens of glistening ruby droplets popped free of their cylindrical prisons.
It didn’t take long. They were not deep graves.
Some couldn’t keep their gasps of shock quiet, and John was one of them. He hadn’t mentioned his father’s owed sum, but if it was enough to squabble away their inheritance, it was nothing to scoff at. Even if it was the wasted money of a couple of farm hands. Anyone else in his position would have paid for that debt with their blood and sweat for at least ten years.
“John, stop laughing,” Sherlock said. He looked slightly put out by John’s amusement.
The sensation of long hands grasping hungrily and without compassion rose up in John’s mind.
He's ready to pull him out with thoughts of bleeding and possible infection running through his mind. But the gargoyle just quickly shifts his weight forward before he can topple down and pulls his foot out of the hole. He's on the landing with Sherlock, but he quickly whips back around, nearly hitting Sherlock with his tail in the process.
He grinds his palm down on John’s scar, relishing the new ways John can sound agonized while being split open on his dick.
Sherlock left the infirmary long after John insisted on it. The boy had stalled for time by entertaining John with stories that careless teachers had let slip, along with more stunning deductions based on things like a coworker’s tan line or a student’s scuffed trainer. At John’s every murmured ‘fantastic’ or ‘incredible’, his face seemed to brighten a little more.
“Being haunted by my own mind hardly seems a characteristic prevalent amongst stalwart fellows.”
But she notices the gleam in his eyes and the energy that vibrates around him. Whatever is going on, it will distract him from damaging the flat. Which, frankly, is all she cares about at this point. She adores the boy, deeply, but there's only so much violin abuse and minor explosions she can take at her age. Sherlock's vaulting up the stairs before she even has a chance to nod.
John moves to the bathroom. He may be disobeying his kidnapper, but he's not going to be
John would have had a scathing retort for that, if it didn’t mean opening his mouth. Eventually, the base urge for air grew too strong to ignore. He tried to gasp for breath briefly, but they were both quick to hold his jaw open. Moriarty quickly squeezed the contents down his gullet.
Her head slowly craned up. As her other hand raised towards her veil, John saw exposed bone under her flaking paper skin. He refused to let her go in case she made another move for the disease-rich river.
Despite the erraticism, Sherlock didn’t release John’s wrists to try and hold them together. John bucked and moaned, but made no effort to free himself aside from a token struggle.
John is more than offended by that, if only for the thought that he would ever even consider endangering someone with that knowledge. He knows exactly what this man is capable of. "I didn't tell her a damned thing, Sherlock. She figured it out on her own."
Sherlock looks like he's about to protest, though he really has no right to, when he catches the expression on the creature's face. It's hard to tell from the shadows, but he looks like he's actually blushing.
The strange tension that had been between them fled. They stepped out of the car, ready to head to their respective homes.
Then John's screaming again, and he doesn't know how long it goes on. Eventually, John realizes that the tool is no longer on his skin. Tears have soaked his face and the pillow underneath him. His arms ache, but when he tries to unclench his hands, they don't move. He whimpers behind the stick that sticks to the roof of his mouth, and then Sherlock is there. He is always there.
He uses his fingers to wipe it up and press it back into his mouth. Now that the shock is gone, his hunger has come roaring back. Even though John had never really noticed it in the first place. Too busy on hearing not-really-there bombshells he supposes.
He used the toilet almost immediately upon waking, as Sherlock had predicted. Then he appeared to wander aimlessly about his cell, but of course Sherlock knew better. He was measuring, seeing how much fighting room he had to work with if a rush of people entered. He inspected the door, but of course he wouldn't find any avenue of escape there. It was almost hermetically sealed, while small vents let in filtered oxygen.
Sherlock scissors his fingers, stretching the muscle. John feels simultaneously full and uncomfortably empty. He shifts his knees, trying to thrust back, but Sherlock stops him with his free hand on his hip. This goes on for several minutes, with Sherlock never once picking up the pace. John feels the fire inside of him alternate between being abated and being fueled. He's been continually making whining noises inside of his dry throat. When Sherlock pulls back his fingers to once again breach him at a snail's pace, John doesn't stop himself.
When Sherlock shuts the bedroom door behind himself, John jumps a little in his restraints. His eyes search for whatever new ‘toy’ Sherlock’s decided to bring and it’s…another glass of water.
Sherlock deletes the foresight as soon as it appears. He doesn’t care, and he couldn’t stop it even if he did. He’s waiting for the important part. He’s been staring at the window so the rain will get tired of trying to warn him of useless information and tell him what he wants to know.
Sherlock tilted his head to mull over the idea. “Mm, better, but still no. Aside from having to join the police force anyway for the required experience, I’d still have to deal with,” he waved his hand in dismissal, “people. Normal crimes. Not to mention that my, let’s call it ‘strained’, relationships with superiors would mean I would more than likely be assigned petty robberies and boring murders out of spite.”
“We should split up for safety.”
The man snaps back and says a completely involuntary, "Sorry. Not used to not being...," he struggles with the next word, "dismissed." The man gets his hand on the door handle before John tries to stop him. God knows when he's going to see another human face around here.
They step through their door, having miraculously beaten the press there. Sherlock turns around to say, “Well done John,” and is cut off by John surging up to press their lips together.
“Why are you even bothering with asking if we barely talk to one another?”
Ha! I haven't gone to sleep so this is still on time in my crazy little world! SUCCESS! *collapses**Day Six*
A camera, the little red dot blinking merrily away at him. He whirled around to face Lestrade and said, "Please, tell me that
Thank you all for being so patient with me! There are no words to describe what your encouragement means to me. :) I hope you enjoy! I didn't even realize the last sentence for this chapter was the last sentence until it had been written. It was a weird feeling of relief and befuddlement.
The two shared strained smiles with one another before John finally asked, “Is…something wrong?”
John rolls his eyes and huffs, but he slides into the far seat without further prompting. Sherlock follows, and when he closes the door behind him, John begins to recognize his old friend dread curl around his heart.
Slowly, after the soft and wet sounds have filled John’s ears, he pulls away. His own hands have wandered over Sherlock as well. One is placed to steady himself on Sherlock’s shoulder while the other had been caressing a cheekbone with his thumb.
John startled, and turned around. The man was dressed in a well-cut suit, and looked as comfortable as John would have been in sweats. He leaned on a high-quality umbrella that was placed between his feet like a cane. John wondered if he had missed a weather update.
Did Sherlock forget about him? How long has he been down here? Is this some way to make him more compliant? John shudders at the thought. For a moment he tries to convince himself that that's not the case, but he can't be sure can he? How far is Sherlock willing to go to make him...what? A sex doll?
"What happened Watson?" Sherlock finally deigned to look at him, spinning the chair around to face him. "You're a very bright student, this is completely unlike you. Your homework is well thought out and handed in on time. You are usually able to follow my lectures with pointed questions and good answers. You should have received one of the highest scores. Yet you received the lowest. Why?"
John's arms hung to his sides, and his mouth may have been slightly open.
“Ever since Harry died I’ve been experiencing…visions.”
Sherlock deflated, relief creeping into every sinew. John didn’t doubt that Sherlock would have kept his word, but it was clear which answer he preferred.
Which had not been something he had thought of before rushing over here. What would Sherlock do if John suddenly confessed now? After he had dismissed Sherlock’s emotions, had accused him of being addled, and had compared his feelings to a previous disastrous scenario which had led him to a drug binge so bad he was nearly forced into rehabilitation.
“It’s fine,” John said tensely. He couldn’t explain it properly, but he felt that Sherlock’s presence was making the entire situation far worse. “We were just about to start eating.”
Even Sherlock can’t hide the grimace of disgust as John’s shifting causes moist sounds. John has to peel the sheets away from his skin, and he wonders just how many bedclothes he’s ruined with his bodily fluids. He stands slowly, trying not to wince too much. He doesn’t feel like indulging Sherlock right now.
He pulls John down for a kiss, interrupting the laughter for something far more pleasant. Soon, it’s just them and their moans filling the vacuum of solitude Sherlock’s created. He meanders on the logistics of acquiring fresh wolf teeth, to make sure John is committed to this until the last possible end.
John felt his world go dark and cold. “What?”
Sherlock can feel John’s pulse pick up from their joined hands. His fingers curl between John’s in response, promising security and entrapment in the same gesture. And then some unspoken signal passes between their eyes, and Sherlock is leading them in the dance.
John’s mind whirled. He’d had reasons, very good ones. He knew that. He could faintly recall Moriarty using them against him. Yet he couldn’t remember a single point that would make Sherlock understand. He was too focused on the incision that he was certain had not been there before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Because he didn’t know for certain how Sherlock would react. Not anymore. Before the hill, John had been aware of Sherlock’s moods. He might have still been an enigma, but at least John could understand him for the most part. Now, when their relationship was so tumultuous, he had no idea how Sherlock would respond to his confession.
Jim had said he’d been growing the tea in his room. Possibly to avoid germinating other plants and upsetting the evolutionary growth. It could be that the proof was right in front of him, and he’d been a paranoid fool all along. Or it could be a completely innocuous plant, placed there to dissuade him from inquiry, should the occasion arise, as it nearly did the other day.
“Oops, shouldn’t be talking like that around the boy genius, I understand. Don’t worry Sherlock, you’ll understand when you’re older.” He looked over at the teenager, who was staring intently at the wood grain.
John knows better than to turn his head away, so he tries to close his eyes instead. That doesn’t last very long when Sherlock suddenly grips his neck.
John’s sure he turns a few shades darker at the sight, and tries to turn away again. This time, Sherlock lets him.
"This, Sherlock, is the second choice I warned you about. Johnny's not even thinking about killing himself, but I recognize the look in his eyes. He's considering another option. Something separate from seducing you. And he knows he can't escape on his own, so he has to stop himself from falling for you in some other way. The seed of suggestion was already in his head, and it would have grown into an idea sooner or later. I'm helping you, Sherly darling." Jim's voice was soft, placating.
John's glare is a steady burn that sparks his mind as well as his desire. Cocaine had been a flash fire, burning through his system as quickly as it entered him. The taste of John is an aphrodisiac, the burn of his vision is an injection, the smell of his sweat is a hazy smoke. Sherlock wants to consume it all like the addict he has never ceased being.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He shifted on his feet and knocked again. He called out, “Sherlock? Please, open up. I want to try and talk this out with you.”
The dragon’s second eyelid briefly closed over, “You’re alone, without a betrothed. You have very few friends in the village, or at least very few you confide in. You’re incredibly bored with your lifestyle, and have no practical solution to solve it.”
“It was here!” John shouted, unable to keep quiet any longer. He spun around to the group that had crowded into the room with him. None of them said a word.
He shrugs on his pack, and makes his way up to the desk. As he does so, he looks over at the door, and entertains the wild idea of making a break for it. But John's never been one to run from responsibility. No matter how much he really, really wants to. He stands in front of the desk, waiting for judgement. But the man hasn't even glanced at him.
John laughed and shook his head. He wasn’t sure if he was getting old, or if Sherlock was naturally boundless with energy, but either way he was caught up in the whirlwind of Sherlock’s emotions. It was a little strange that John was perfectly fine with being tossed about by his whims.
The rumors of a dragon’s potent magical ingredients flooded through him. There was never any assumption of truth to the whispers. After all, who would be foolish enough to try and vanquish a dragon for its extremities? It seemed that one of those myths rang true. A dragon’s blood could heal ailments and provide limitless longevity.
Instead, he twists the metal around. Going clockwise at first, then slowly spinning it the other way.
“Nothing,” Sherlock tried to breathe around the word, which sent him off into more giggles, “it’s just, ‘welcome to the neighborhood’. While I’m all-” he gestured at his face, at the eye that was well and truly swollen now, and the dripping blood.
“Oh, lucky,” John commented as Mary put it in the player, “this is one of my favorites.”
Excuses as to where he could have possibly gone were strung together in John’s mind before disappearing like cobwebs disrupted by a broom.  He found that he didn’t have the energy to care. Not when he felt nauseous at his suspicions, his deceitful excursion, the discovery of what he had been so
Sherlock sighs and gestures with his other hand. “It’s a romantic dinner John. I know you haven’t exactly been keeping up with recent culture, but I’m sure even you would recognize such a thing.”
Sherlock curls his fingers around the shiny and ridged skin of John’s scar, and digs his nails in as hard as he can. All for the petty pleasure of watching John buck back against him.
for him to have been hampered by his own family. But something was being hidden from him. Something that Jim, and possibly even Sherlock, had no intention of ever telling him.
Sherlock watches John's flailing with a smile. Even now, he marvels at the man's capacity for levelheadedness. Anyone else would be reduced to a gibbering, pleading mess. Instead, John seems to take everything that is given to him, and use it to his best advantage. Time to see what shatters his resolve. Time to see how long it takes to make him
Sherlock pushes away from his laptop and paces his room. What to do? This was completely out of his field of expertise. All the extensive studies in the world couldn't help him find the delicate balance between a willing prisoner and a sex slave. John was already defying studies with his "too good for this world" behavior. What other techniques could John utterly disregard? Will what breaks another person make John more defiant? Will John only be able to see him as his captor and rapist, not a potential lover? How is Sherlock supposed to know if he's doing this right when what he's doing is utterly amoral? Sherlock only had one option left. He hangs his head back and sighs through his nose, dreading what's coming.
After the final ‘I do’ and the most tender kiss in all of Britain, John was glad at their decision. There was a pang of hurt at the loss of Harry’s celebratory whooping in the background, but it fled at the sight of Sherlock’s loving expression.
"Not to worry John, this is only temporary. I have something much more fulfilling planned before I'm able to fuck you like you so desperately want." Sherlock fits in a third finger, and John forgets what Sherlock was talking about. He can still feel the sweat falling in rivulets down his back, and he's absurdly glad Sherlock took off his clothes. They'd probably be ruined beyond belief.
Not to be outdone, John reached for Sherlock’s thickening length. When he encircled him in his fist, Sherlock bit his shoulder in what was possibly meant to be a retaliation. It only spurred John on.  He brought his hand back up to lick his palm. Sherlock’s full body tremor against him proved that he’d seen the action.
The ground underneath John was suddenly unsteady. It was possibly getting ready to swallow him up to face perdition at any moment. Had John contributed more to this disaster than just hitching his decrepit wagon onto the exciting experiences of a teenager?
Sherlock was immediately pulled out of his sulk at being reprimanded, “The violin.”
If this was the same man, then John was also interested in speaking with him.
Both men gave him expressions of confusion. “How much longer,” John clarified, “was I to be your husband, until I joined them in the dirt?”
Sherlock placed the last camera and microphone, flushed away the damning tissue and left the flat with a satisfied and rather lascivious grin.
John knows he should do those things. The boy’s just been in a fight. Even if he could clearly take care of himself, sending him on his way is the smart and responsible thing to do. For some reason John wants to stay in his company a little longer. Besides, it didn’t look like Sherlock planned to leave anytime soon.
Sherlock looks back from filling the kettle when the gargoyle doesn’t answer. He sees the bewildered expression and drawls, “It wasn’t that difficult of a leap. Your apparent fanaticism over it would suggest that you haven’t had it in some time, but have had it before. A fire would be too noticeable inside of Big Ben, and your provisions would suggest that you take nothing but the barest necessities. So you can’t or won’t make it yourself. Someone must have supplied it to you. I would suspect someone with either an incredibly progressive mind or, perhaps more likely, blind,”
